Bella Escape~ Ocean ...
Guest Reviews
"What a great place!  So neat & clean, too.  We loved being so close to the ocean, too.  The kitchen was well stocked.  The fire place &..."
---Steve, Linda & Shannon
"“We had a wonderful stay at Luna Bella for our honeymoon and loved every second of it! The house was a dream – so cozy and well stocked..."
---Daniel & Jillian
Events Calendar
Activities
Golf - With the Salishan and Agate Golf Courses just minutes away from Bella Beach, you have the opportunity to hit a 9- or 18- hole game while enjoying a breathtaking view of the Pacific Ocean.
Surf - The Oregon Coast has some of the best surfing the West Coast can offer. At Bella Beach, you can do anything from skim-boarding to catching ridiculously high waves.
Whale Watching - Catch a glimpse of what are arguably the most beautiful creatures in the ocean. Bella Beach is very close to some of the top places to go whale-watching, so don't miss out on this rare chance.
Build A Sandcastle - Playing in the sand never gets old. Show off your construction skills or simply put your creativity to use on our fine sandy beaches.
Bonfires At The Beach - Enjoy a romantic time or some quality family time by making smores on the beach. Build a safe bonfire and spend the night underneath the stars.
Welcome to Bella Beach
Bella Beach offers wonderful vacation rentals in a coastal neighborhood just south of Lincoln City on the Oregon Coast. If you're looking at lodging accommodations in Cannon Beach, Manzanita, or Gearhart, consider Bella Beach a little further down the coast. We offer vacation rental homes ideal for getaways, corporate retreats, small weddings, and family vacations.
Every vacation rental at Bella Beach is immaculate and completely furnished for your stay on the Oregon coast. All amenities are provided - bedding, linens, towels, dishes, cookware, and more. We offer packages and personalized services to make your visit more memorable. We may be able to offer a one night stay when available. Just a getaway for the two of you? Please call and we will check special accommodations and rates.
Thank you and we look forward to exceeding your expectations!
© 2012 | Bella Beach Property Management - All rights reserved.
