36 full hookup, 50 electrical, 63 tent (maximum site 50 feet, cable TV hookups in selected campsites); 6 yurts; hiker/biker camp. For information, call the park office at 541-469-2021. For reservations:
Reserve  1-800-452-5687
Reservation Link
Here are a few basics about Harris Beach State Park campground and the vicinity. And keep in mind that A-loop may be hard to reserve in advance for one of the limited ocean view campsites on the ocean side of the campground A-loop is first come first serve in winter.
Just a few miles up Hy. 199 from Jedediah Smith Redwoods, is a lovely canyon cut by Smith River, which also flows through the forest. About an hour drive east on 199, is Cave Junction near the Oregon Caves National Monument. Also along Hy. 199, is the Darlingtonia plant known as Cobra Lily or Pitcher Plant -  near mile marker 18 of Hy. 199. Look for signs to the botanical trail.
Check out Lone Ranch Beach a few miles north. If you need some clothing, or basic household items, Fred Meyer may be your best bet. I've found nice shirts and shoes there myself. Groceries included. Ray's grocery store is smaller, but nicely stocked - along with videos. Next to Ray's, is a Java stand for coffee in the parking lot, a video store, and a liquor store.
On the ocean side of the bridge that crosses the Chetco River at Highway 101, a road leads toward the ocean  harbor waterfront. Down there, is fine dining  at Smuggler's Cove restaurant - some of the best Prime Rib steak I've  had. A smaller place, The Hungry Clam, had excellent Fish & Chips. It was nice to find a good Pizza restaraunt - Zola's Pizzaria. Zola's  is close to the Chetco River on Lower Harbor Drive. Zola's website .
There is one small movie theater, a few  restaraunts, taverns and stores , but it's a fairly mellow town, not buzzing like Seaside. The Hardware store is  pretty impressive for hardware needs. If you need to tweak some RV or camp equipment, they may have something. As for computer wireless, you can access it from the Rest Area across Hy. 101 from the park, as well as in part of Harris Beach State Park at the end near the rest area. The wireless internet  is relatively inexpensive.
There are a few gift shops, and studios of artist sculptors along Highway 101. Also, there is a veterinarian on the main highway in case you have a pet emergency.
About 1/2 hour north, you may enjoy a jet boat tour up the Rogue River, from Gold Beach.
A last word about  Brookings, it's so close to the park, that you have an easy choice between total campfire and campstove cooking, or opting to bring back meals from town. Especially if you are just arriving and need a quick meal as you prepare to set-up camp.
There are well-known fast food places like KFC, Taco Bell and Subway within a minute of each other. If you need tire repair, Les Schwab, one of the Pacific Northwest's best, is close by.
Redwoods
There are coast redwoods in southern Oregon near Harris Beach and Brookings, but they don't compare in size to the forest just over the border.
About 1/2 hour south are  very large redwoods. Simpson Reed Discovery Trail along Hy. 199, a few miles east of Crescent City, has some remarkable trees. That's one of the easiest short loops to get to. And it's one of the best for elderly people who need level ground, likewise for wheelchairs.
My favorite weekends include hiking on the Jed Smith trails, while setting up  camp near Brookings at Harris Beach State park.  This provides a great coastal experience, waves and sunsets, plus fantastic hiking among forest giants. You will certainly want to see Stout Grove. And Boy Scout Tree Trail off Howland Hill Road is a great hike. There is an information center in Crescent City, but most information and maps are online.
 
