Was this article helpful? 0 1
Northern Oregon Coast Camping - Campgrounds Near Scenic Beaches
By Clark Hamilton
For campers nothing can beat the beauty of the Oregon coast. The state government of Oregon has set aside vast stretches of beach for public use and for that reason there are many awesome campgrounds just waiting to be discovered. Once you've set up camp there will be so much to do: hiking the scenic coastal trails, playing on the beach, saltwater fishing, photo outings, and just relaxing with the sound of the ocean surf in the background.
Northern Oregon's coastal campgrounds include an amazing variety of photogenic sites. In fact, the Oregon coast is one of the most photographed places in the world. From the hundred-year-old wreck of the Peter Irdale sea schooner at Ft. Stevens State Park to horseback riders on the beach at Nehalem Bay State Park to the gorgeous overlooks at Cape Lookout State Park, picturesque locations abound.
Whether you're a luxury RV camper, a tenter, or somewhere in-between, there are many campgrounds to choose from. The following list of campgrounds from north to south is not exhaustive, but highlights some of the best camping spots on the northern Oregon coast.
The northernmost state park on the Oregon coast and not to be missed is Fort Stevens State Park. One of the nation's largest public campgrounds, Fort Stevens State Park has many recreation opportunities including lake swimming, beach-combing, nine miles of bicycle trails, six miles of hiking trails, and a museum with displays dating back to the Civil War.
If your number one campground criteria is full hookups for your RV, Kampers West RV Park is surrounded by natural wooded habitat and has full RV services. For fishermen there are complete facilities for cleaning and storing your catch, plus a crab cooking and cleaning station. A large clubroom accommodating up to 100 people and a smaller clubroom with capacity of 35 people are also available for your family reunions.
As you make your way south down the coast, Thousand Trails campground in Seaside, Oregon may appeal to you. It is a membership facility that may offer a free night for visiting. With its indoor and outdoor recreation facilities it is a year-round destination. Surrounded by scenic and historic sites in Seaside, you can go whale watching, hiking, biking, salt-water fishing, and swimming in the summer. Or visit the Lewis and Clark historical sites, the air museum, the Seaside Aquarium and the factory outlet stores in the cooler months. A highlight of this campground is an indoor pool and spa.
Continuing south to Cannon Beach is Cannon Beach RV Resort which is also a full-service, full-hookup facility with an indoor pool and spa that can accommodate campers from tent-trailer to RVs. Escape to the coast and stay in your home at the beach!
Although state parks don't usually have full RV hookups, they offer the advantage of lots of open space and beaches. A serene, long, sandy ocean beach and recreation activities including crabbing, fishing, kayaking, and horseback riding make picturesque Nehalem Bay State Park a great camping destination.
A few miles south of Rockaway Beach on the north shore of Tillamook Bay is Barview Jetty County Park. Here you'll find a surprisingly large campground with 69 full hookup RV sites and over 200 tent sites. From this campground you'll have easy access to the beach.
To finish out the survey of the great campgrounds on the north Oregon coast I can't fail to mention Cape Lookout State Park. Located on a sand spit on the Oregon coast between Netarts Bay and the ocean, Cape Lookout State Park has a popular campground and day-use area with a terrific view of the Pacific Ocean and easy access to the beach. There are two walking trails and beach-combing is also popular there.
These are some of the best Oregon coast campgrounds but there are many others. There is so much beauty in this region I'm sure whichever you choose you'll relish the memories of your visit to the Oregon coast.
Clark Hamilton has catalogued most of the camping destinations in the Pacific Northwest on his website http://www.campground-search.com which covers all types of campgrounds including state parks, USFS campgrounds, national parks and RV parks in Oregon, Washington, and Idaho.
Check out http://campground-search.com/CampgroundMap.aspx?rid=24 for beautiful photos of most of the northern Oregon coast campgrounds mentioned in this article along with information on many other great Oregon camping destinations.
Did you find this article helpful? 0 1
Get Involved
