It's Agate Hunting Season!
Saturday, January 31, 2009
It’s prime time for agate hunting on the Oregon coast right now, thanks to the winter storms that leave them exposed. The greatest concentration of agates are found from Florence to Otis. The beautiful translucent stones range from clear to white, yellow, blue-gray, green jaspers and the orange/reddish carnelian. There are roughly 15-20 varieties gracing the coastline. Contrary to popular belief, they do not come out of the ocean.
Here are some tips for finding agates:
· Look for exposed gravelbeds or rockbeds
· Walk down the beach at low tides, preferably as the tide is going out
· Look for shiny rocks
· Start about three hours before the lowest tide
The best places along the Oregon Coast to hunt for Agates are:
Capes Meares State Scenic Viewpoint, Cannon Beach, Oceanside Beach, Agate Beach State Recreation Site, Cape Perpetua, Neptune State Scenic Viewpoint, Strawberry Hill, Whiskey Creek Beach and Gold Beach.
Breathtaking Views at Beverly Beach
Wednesday, January 28, 2009
I attended a business meeting in Newport last week and decided to stay a couple nights on the Central Coast instead of rushing back home to Seaside. My original intention was to explore the area and do some research for future blogs. The place I rented was so relaxing and intoxicating, that I couldn’t tear myself away from the breathtaking views. Of course, it was an Oregon Beach Vacations property called “breathtaking views.” Sitting high on a cliff overlooking Beverly Beach, the cozy house had a view from every room. With books galore, a fully equipped kitchen and satellite TV with hundreds of channels, I didn’t feel like venturing out anywhere. I guess I needed some R & R!
I plan on coming back to the area soon, because there are so many things to do, like shopping at the Outlet Mall in Lincoln City, dining at fabulous restaurants, visiting the Newport Aquarium, enjoying the local performing and visual arts talent, looking for glass floats, etc. etc. I did go out one night in Nye Beach and was pleasantly surprised by the meal I had at the Irish Pub. They had a gal from Nashville playing music who was very funny and quite good. She reminded me of a cross between Kim Carnes, Patty Loveless and Mary Chapin Carpenter. I also managed to take several walks on Beverly Beach. There were lots of beautiful rocks on the beach that I wanted to pick up. I'm thinking they might have been agates, but I don’t really know what they look like. I’ll have to do some research on agates before I go back.
The sun is shining at the beach
Thursday, January 15, 2009
This is a great weekend to visit the Oregon Coast! The weather is sunny and warm, with the high temperatures expected to reach 60 degrees. There are lots of choices for entertainment from Florence to Seaside.
In Seaside, the 25th Annual Barbershop Cabaret is taking place at the Seaside Convention Center Friday and Saturday night. The show features National and International Winners, plus the best of the Pacific Northwest.
Jazz enthusiasts can enjoy the legendary Mel Brown Quartet at the Jazz in January event in Newport on the 17th. The 4th annual affair is a fundraiser for the Friends of Yaquina Lighthouse.
In Florence, the 7th annual Winter Folk Festival features the music of Tom Paxton and Barry McGuire, among others. There are jam sessions, workshops, a pie eating contest and other activities.
Record number of clams found on north coast
Thursday, January 8, 2009
Razor clams are being found in record numbers on the North Oregon Coast. A recent assessment by the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife estimates the population at more than nine million for Clatsop Beach. The Clatsop Beach cell stretches from Seaside to the southern edge of the Columbia River. Other good areas for finding razor clams are Agate Beach, Waldport Beach, Whiskey Run and Myers Creek. Razor clams may be taken by hand, shovel, cylindrical gun or tube. It is unlawful to remove clams from the shell before leaving the harvest area. Regulation and license information is available on the ODFW website. The best way to eat them is lightly breaded and fried or steamed. (Photo courtesy of Seaside Aquarium)
Whale sightings reported on Oregon Coast
Friday, January 2, 2009
With all the holiday and New Year festivities going on, I forgot to check the whale sightings on the whale watching website. There were 645 sightings reported on the Oregon Coast during whale watch week! Although whale watch week ended January 1st, the next four weeks are prime for whale watching. The website list of whale sightings at www.whalespoken.org will tell you where the best whale watching spots are on the Oregon Coast. There are no volunteers staffing the sites anymore, but other whale watchers are always willing to lend a hand and share their excitement. If you need help, The Depoe Bay Whale Watching Center is staffed year round.
