PROSTAFF19
As great as ever! We were all quite disapointed to not get an early check in time but that's only because we've been spoiled in the past with that extra service every other time not to mention it was cold and pouring rain in late June and we just wanted the warm comfort of a Bennington Property. ...
By: Seeking Sun
Lynx 5
The house was very clean when we arrived and a comfortable place to come to after a 10 hour drive with 3 kids and two dogs.  We loved having access to the Sharc as well as bikes to explore with. There was so much to do just within the Sunriver area and it was nice to have a place to go to in ...
By: Chris
#15 White Elm Lane
We stayed at #15 White Elm for a long weekend with for a big family get together.
We had three families with a total of 5 adults, 6 kids, and 3 dogs - plus grandma and grandpa hanging out with us throughout the day.  This house was a perfect blend of livability, amenities, and size.
Every...
About Oregon
Oregon is an increasingly popular vacation destination in the western United States.  With stretches of silky sun-kissed beaches and a rugged interior of prickly pine trees and jagged cliffs, the state's diverse scenery is its major draw, though the cosmopolitan city of Portland is gaining a wider and wider following as a hidden urban gem. A beer lover's haven, Oregon also boasts the fourth-largest collection of microbreweries in the U.S.
Be sure to make time for these top destinations and attractions:
- Portland: For a taste of the big city, Oregon style, check out Portland, a fun loving, and alternative place that is brimming with vintage stores and communal art spaces.
- The Pacific Coast Highway: If you arrive by car, it's well worth your while to slow down and take the scenic route. Extending up from California, the "PCH" winds and meanders along the Pacific shores, serving up some spectacular views while servicing some of the most popular hotspots for romantic getaways in Oregon.
- Crater Lake National Park: One of several National Parks in Oregon, Crater Lake National Park is a unique must-see, with a natural body of water that settled atop a now-dormant but once-flourishing volcano.
- Mount Hood: A short drive from Portland, Mount Hood is a mecca for skiers and snowboarders alike. During the summer, visitors can revel in its natural beauty by hiking or biking the area's hills and trails.
- The Oregon Coast: The northern, central and southern Oregon Coast is home to dozens of quaint seaside towns, resort areas and bluff- and tree-lined scenic natural playgrounds.
Whether you're seeking accommodations in Portland, Oregon Coast lodging or a place to stay in the interior of the state, consider a vacation rental as a convenient alternative to a hotel. Beach houses, condos, rustic cabins and villa-style beach rentals are available to vacationers throughout the state.
If you want to explore the Pacific coast beyond Oregon, head north to Washington, which boasts equally spectacular natural beauty, or south to sunny California. The Interstate highway system makes it easy to sightsee to your heart's content, though the Pacific Coast Highway is highly recommended for travelers who aren't in a hurry.
Cook like a local
FlipKey has kitchens in every rental.
Vacation Rental Protection Plan
Protect your entire vacation with travel insurance specially designed for vacation rentals. Learn more
Popular Destinations
