Homes in Yachats
Looking for a place to go on your next vacation? Explore the scenic wonders of the central Oregon coast. You'll find miles of sandy beaches amid a rugged, rocky coastline, spectacular coastal landscapes and magnificent sunsets. The quaint, village style towns are a stroller's paradise, with art galleries, antique shops, charming cafes and fine restaurants. The atmosphere is casual and relaxed; it’s the ideal vacation destination. Regardless of your reasons for visiting the Oregon coast, one thing is for certain: You will create enjoyable and lasting memories.
If you are looking for a place to enjoy a relaxing vacation and you value serenity, there's nothing better than Oregon’s awe-inspiring coastline, long stretches of sandy beaches and the sight and sound of the majestic Pacific Ocean to calm your nerves and leave you refreshed. The central Oregon coast is a great place to unwind with quiet beaches, continuous waves, magnificent sunsets and oceanfront dining to soothe your soul. You'll head home a whole new person after your Oregon beach vacation.
Looking for something a little different than a standard beach resort for a romantic getaway? Oregon coast vacation homes offer the perfect opportunity for the ideal romantic getaway. Oregon beach vacations already have a reputation for romance, but when you find the absolutely perfect location from our selection of Oregon vacation rentals, the experience can become truly magical. Sometimes a romantic getaway is just the thing you need to add a little spice to your life; and when you can combine it with some time at the beach, so much the better. Reconnect through the shared experience of strolling a beach at sunset, hiding away in the privacy of a vacation rental, sitting down to a candlelit dinner, watching the sunset from a secluded beach and enjoying time together soaking in a relaxing hot tub.
Oregon beach vacations remain one of the most popular family vacation options, so if you’re traveling with the entire family, an Oregon coast vacation rental is still the way to go. Some of our homes can sleep as many as 30 people. Not only that, you can reserve a home with a hot tub, sauna or indoor pool for everyone to enjoy.  You can choose a rental with a fire pit outside or build a bonfire on the beach so everyone can reminisce and tell their favorite stories at night.
Many Oregon coast vacation rentals offer a wraparound deck with ocean views where you can prepare a meal on the BBQ and enjoy beautiful sunsets with your loved one. Many of our Oregon coast vacation home rentals also come equipped with a relaxing hot tub, while others feature a bath adjacent to a large window that overlooks the ocean. Nothing could be more relaxing.
Choosing one of our Oregon coast vacation rental homes will provide you and your traveling companion/s with more amenities and privacy than a traditional hotel. Instead of enduring the hustle and bustle of hurrying through breakfast in a stuffy restaurant, enjoy an intimate meal in the comfort of your pajamas. When it’s time to venture out on the beach, simply walk down a quaint gravel path that leads to the sand.
   
Oregon Shores Vacation Rentals is a great place to start planning Oregon beach vacations if you’re looking for Oregon coast beach vacation rentals. Our website design makes searching our vacation rentals fast and effortless, making your selection of the perfect vacation rental easy. View our Oregon coast vacation rentals and choose from oceanfront luxury homes to beach front condos. You’ll quickly find accommodations that best suit your style and preferences.  If you have questions, call us or send us an email. We’re very knowledgeable when it comes to Oregon coast vacation rental homes, and, if you need help, we’re here to assist you.
View our vacation rentals on Oregon coast destinations and choose from a variety of Oregon coast oceanfront vacation rentals, ocean view homes and beachfront condos. Our beach vacation rentals on the Oregon coast include, Pacific City, Neskowin and Lincoln City vacation rentals, Dock of the Bay and Surftides condo units, Gleneden Beach, Lincoln Beach, Depoe Bay and Otter Rock vacation homes, Newport, Seal Rock, Waldport and Yachats, Oregon vacation rentals. We offer vacation homes located close to many central coast attractions, the Chinook Winds Casino, shopping, including Tanger Outlets, and fine local dining.  
Want to bring a pet? Your pets are welcome! We invite you and your dog/s to stay at one of our Oregon Coast pet friendly vacation rentals. We offer a variety of pet friendly rentals from which to choose.
In addition, we offer vacation rentals with WIFI, hot tubs and fireplaces. We offer luxury beachfront homes, family retreat homes, ADA friendly homes, beach wedding homes and vacation rentals that sleep 8, 10, 12, 16, 20, 25 up to 30. Also, we offer vacation rental discounts, reduced rates and rental specials, including “Rent 2+ get 1 Free” specials and last minute specials.
Whatever your vacation accommodation needs are, you’ll find what you’re looking for at Oregon Shores Vacation Rentals. Our goal at Oregon Shores Vacation Rentals is to make your stay at the Oregon coast the best it can possibly be!
Search on line or call your Reservation Specialist at 1-800-800-7108.
