Pet Friendly Oregon Beach
Pet Friendly Beach
Thinking about bringing your pet with you on your Oregon coast vacation? It’s a great idea. Anywhere you go on the coast, you’ll have an easy time finding a pet friendly Oregon beach. Beaches within Oregon state parks do require leashes, but elsewhere you can let your dog run free, splash in the waves, and – a popular exercise for local pets – chase seagulls!
When you are on a pet friendly Oregon beach, there are just a few simple rules of etiquette to follow:
If your dog is off-leash, always pay attention and make sure he or she obeys your verbal commands.
Don’t allow your pet to approach other people or animals unless invited. Just because a family on the Oregon beach has their own pet, that doesn’t mean that they’re pet friendly in general!
And of course, be prepared to clean up after your pet!
Very Pet Friendly Oregon
Picking up after your pet is important even on the beach. Don’t bury droppings; instead, bring plastic bags with you and carry a used one to the nearest trash receptacle. At many pet friendly Oregon beaches, you will even find baggie dispensers for your convenience! Keeping our Oregon beach clean is a priority for all of us. And if you’d prefer your pet friendly Oregon beach experience to not contribute to the number of plastic bags in our landfills, many pet stores now sell biodegradable pet waste bags!
There are several pet friendly Oregon beach festivals throughout the summer. Dog contests, from seriously challenging to just silly fun, occur up and down the coast. And at Lewis & Clark National Historic Park at Fort Clatsop, “Seaman’s day” is celebrated every July. Seaman, the Newfoundland that accompanied the Lewis & Clark expedition, is honored with celebration, education, and historical information!
If you don’t have a pet or are unable to bring your pet along on your Oregon coast vacation, consider a trip to a local animal shelter while on vacation. Get in some petting, consider an adoption, or inquire if the shelter would allow you to take a dog on a walk to the nearest pet friendly Oregon beach! Many will be quite grateful, and you’ll make a dog’s day.
Pet Friendly Oregon Beach
Your pet can have a wonderful time at a pet friendly Oregon beach and come home just as relaxed and rejuvinated as you are. But take a few extra precautions to make sure your pet will be safe and healthy while you’re at the Oregon coast:
Make sure your pet is up-to-date on all vaccinations.
Make sure your pet is wearing a secure collar with current tags (and even a temporary phone number to reach you). Cats should wear fabric safety colors with your phone number written on in permanent ink.
Avoid bringing your pet along to fireworks displays – some animals surprise their owners and “bolt” every year, and then find themselves in a strange place with no idea where home is.
Find out in advance where the closest veterinarian will be by using www.vetretriever.com .
If your pet takes regular medication – from daily pills to once-a-month flea & tick deterrant – check out www.remindmypet.com . It’s an online service that will send you emails or text messages to your cell phone to remind you to give your pets their medications at the right times. Since a vacation stirs up your daily schedule, this service can be a helpful reminder while you enjoy your time at a pet friendly Oregon beach, living without a watch, enjoying a good game of fetch, and waiting for one of our fantastic Oregon beach sunsets.
© 2012 - Seaside Oregon is powered by WordPress .
Theme by Voli . Big thanks to our friends at Beachdog.com and Beachside Inn !
