August 2010
$35
We stayed three days in the RV Park for a family birthday bash.  There were family members from all over that stayed in the beach house, lodge, cabins and RV Park.  This is a great venue that has accommodations to suit everyone and every budget.  With every contact, the staff was the most friendly I have ever encountered.  The RV Park, unfortunately, has not been maintained.  They have let all the grassy areas between the sites die and that makes it look awful.  I could see sprinklers, but obviously they don't use them.  The fact that you make reservations months in advance does not mean you will get a good site as they let drive-ins take any spot they want (good if you are a drive-in).  When we arrived after having reservations for 2.5 months we had two spots to choose from and we could not fit into one of them.  We ended up five inches from the restroom roof.  The parking pad was asphalt but narrow in our back in site and it was a little difficult to get our 33' Class A in because of the narrow road and angle.  They do have pull throughs in the middle but they are closer together.  If you are lucky you can get a good site close to the faux lighthouse and beach trail.  After you pick your spot you have to walk to the Gold Beach Inn to check-in and pay.  Not that far and the grounds are pretty.  The really GOOD part is that the beach trail is just yards away with miles of uncrowded ocean beach.  You can walk to shops and restaurants.  They have a couple hot tubs that we were told by family were nice, but we did not use them.  Even with any negative things, this place has a great location (beach and in-town) and with the really friendly and accommodating staff it is a good place to stay while in Gold Beach.  And if you go, don't forget to take your craft paint and brush to leave a family keepsake rock in their garden.  I think some make theirs at home, then place them when they get there.  If you don't know what I'm talking about, you'll see. We camped here in a Motorhome.
