Posted to Special Places on Jun-11-12. No Comments
The Department of State Lands (DSL) is hosting public meetings along with the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife (ODFW) to provide public comment opportunities for establishing the rule designations for the Cape Falcon, Cascade Head, and Cape Perpetua Marine Reserves and Marine Protected Areas. Formal testimony will be taken at the meetings, if you would like to provide written comments but can’t make the meetings, you can email them to: marinereserverules@dsl.state.or.us
The meetings will be at the following locations and times:
Astoria, Tuesday June 19 6-8pm, Clatsop Community College, Columbia Hall Room 219
Tillamook, Wednesday June 20 6-8pm, Oregon Department of Forestry
Florence, Monday June 25 6-8pm, Florence Events Center
Depoe Bay, Tuesday June 26 6-8pm, Depoe Bay Community Hall
Posted to Beach Preservation on Jun-06-12. No Comments
An internal ballast from the dock's inner cavity
The Japanese consulate has now confirmed that the derelict dock that washed ashore at Agate Beach is indeed from the March 2011 tsunami event.  Shortly after the dock made landfall, it was checked for radiation and was found to be negative. Scientists at the Hatfield Marine Science Center in Newport have verified that there is evidence of marine life specific to Japan attached to the dock. There is some concern about potential invasive species. OPRD is working with Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife to contain this threat. OPRD  and partners are still developing disposal options. Two possibilities are salvage or demolition; both are being evaluated, but neither will be an easy task. Visitors to the coast should take caution around the area where the dock is located, it’s massive and water at higher tides could cause the dock to shift and move… more on this story here .
Posted to Beach Preservation on . 1 Comment
We’ve been communicating with OPRD about the dock that washed ashore at Agate Beach early Tuesday morning and supporting parks for a plan for removal. A metal plate bearing Japanese writing bolted to the top of the dock, pictured above, was discovered and photographed for confirmation. Currently, it’s still not confirmed but photos and communication with the Japanese consulate in Portland should give us further insight as to whether or not this is indeed debris from the tsunami event last year. Refloating it or demolition on-site are the two basic options, and figuring out which is possible could take a couple days. See, touch, but please don’t climb!
Posted to Beach Preservation on Jun-05-12. No Comments
The following is from the OPRD Flashalert: Photo and text OPRD
“Derelict dock washes ashore near Agate Beach north of Newport
Newport OR – On June 4, 2012, ocean shore visitors reported seeing a loose dock floating offshore near Agate Beach one mile north of Newport. The object has since washed ashore and is sitting at the high tide line.
Oregon Parks and Recreation Department staff responded to the site. The origin of the object is not known, but there is no obvious evidence it crossed the ocean. The dock itself is very large and heavy: 7′ tall, 19′ wide and 66′ long. It is made primarily of concrete and metal, but is clearly designed to float. Because of its size and the chance it could continue to settle or be moved by wave action, state park staff are posting warning tape and signs instructing the public to stay off the structure.
State park staff, in cooperation with other authorities, are discussing options to remove the object from the beach. Agate Beach remains open … just stay off the dock.”
Posted to Events on May-27-12. No Comments
The 4th Annual Otter Rock and Roll 18 and under youth surf contest and beach cleanup challenge is now open for registration at www.otterrockandroll.com . This exciting one-day event, June 16th at Otter Rock/Devil’s Punchbowl State Park, is jam-packed with opportunities from beginner surfers and lessons to rippin’ groms. For the gill-less beach enthusiasts, games and a beach cleanup challenge will ensue with prizes for everyone. Pre-registration online is $20 and beach registration is $35, online highly encouraged as heats fill up fast! This event is put on honor of International Surfing Day , by the Newport Chapter of Surfrider Foundation with the support of Portland and Siuslaw Chapters. Boards, wetsuits and lessons provided for the beginner sessions by Warm Current!
Posted to Events on May-11-12. No Comments
Don’t miss this great event, we still need volunteers and there’s lots of room for more surfers to sign up! Get involved at cleanwaterclassic.com and join us for this great event!
Posted to Beach Access , Beach Preservation on May-04-12. No Comments
With scientific evidence of significant wave heigth increasing in the North Pacific over the past 40 years and projections of future sea level rise, coastal erosion will continue to be an issue for decades to come in Oregon. As human activities and development in coastal areas increase, the need for coastal preservation becomes ever more apparent. “Hazards” occur when naturally dynamic coastal processes encounter static human development, and when humans interfere with marine and littoral systems. In areas where erosion threatens existing coastal development, the Surfrider Foundation advocates appropriate long-term solutions that maximize public benefit and seek solutions for property owners at risk.
This topic was the subject of a very interesting panel discussion at this years UO Public Interest Environmental Law Conference, you can listen to the audio here . One of the panelists was presenting on a program called Green Shores , which promotes sustainable use of coastal ecosystems through planning and design that recognizes the ecological features and functions of coastal systems, a great alternative to the unfriendly rip-rap and other shoreline hardening. You can learn more about Coastal Preservation on our Beachapedia Page
Posted to Events on Apr-24-12. No Comments
The 11th Annual Clean Water Classic is coming again to Westport, WA! A benefit for PNW chapters in Oregon, Washington and British Columbia, this event is the longest running pro-am in the northwest. This family friendly event has tons of great ways to get involved from competition and kids surf lessons to lots of awesome volunteer opportunities. It takes a community to put on this contest and we need all the support we can get! Sign up to volunteer, compete or learn more at www.cleanwaterclassic.com.
