Jerry's Rogue Jets - Jet Boat Tours
For more informaton on Jet Boat trips on the Rogue River call 800-451-3645.
Curry County Fair - July 26 thru 29th
This year the Fair dates are July 26 - 29, 2012 For additional information click (more) below.
» More
5th Annual Gold Beach Brew & Art Festival Sept. 8th, 2012 12 Noon to 10 PM
Located at the Event Center on the Beach. Micro Brews/Craft Vendors/Live Music/Great Food Vendors/Classic Car Show/Bike the Rogue & Art Show! For more information 541-490-1593 index.cfm
» More
Sept. 8th Bike the Rogue
In partnership with the Gold Beach Soroptimist Club and the Brew and Art Fest, the Rotary Club of Gold Beach is pleased to sponsor the Bike the Rogue Event
» More
Beach Debris Frequently Asked Questions
Live at the coast? Just visiting? You can help keep the beach clean by removing human-made debris that washes up.
» More
 
Come to the beautiful Southern Oregon Coast and stay in sunny Gold Beach. Located in Oregon’s Banana Belt, this remote little sea town features both ocean and river fun and has more sun hours than any other town on the Oregon or Washington coasts.
You will find things are very different here. Uncrowded beaches, quiet roads, pristine wide-open spaces, incredible hiking trails, vast forests and rugged mountains all invite you to relax and explore.
From May through October, jet boats offer excursions up into the “Wild and Scenic" sections of the Rogue giving passengers a close up view of wildlife and river life. The Salmon and steelhead fishing in the area is second to none, and an excellent group of licensed guides are available. Ocean charters for fishing and sightseeing are ready for your call.
Gold Beach offers one of the best selections of motels with oceanfront or river views. A variety of restaurants with local dishes to please every appetite are also located in town.
Do something different and get away to sunny Gold Beach.
We encourage you to share your photos and videos of Gold Beach.
To contact Gold Beach City Government click here.
Web Banner Photo Credits:  Mureen Walker , Jim Coffee , Rich Watson, JR Robinson, Dante Concetto
