Department of Recreation and Parks
 
Home  >  Agency Directory  >  Recreation and Parks  >  Program Division  >  Nature Centers  >  Oregon Ridge Park  >  Oregon Ridge Beach
Oregon Ridge Beach
Voted Baltimore's best place to swim in 2007 , the beach at Oregon Ridge is one of Baltimore County's best kept secrets. Originally excavated for iron ore in the 1800s, the former quarry is filled with spring fed water and provides welcome relief from the summer heat.
The quarry has designated shallow and deep swim areas and is staffed with independently certified lifeguards. The beach features a bath house, picnic tables and grills, playground, and a sand volleyball court. Please note, no alcohol is permitted in our facility and coolers will be checked upon entry.
Rental Areas
We offer two rental areas within sight of the beach. Please see Rules and Regulations (PDF) for rental information.
Area 1: A small pavilion that seats 60. This pavilion is close to the volleyball and playground areas, it has picnic tables and two grills. This pavilion has no electricity.
Area 2: A picnic grove with picnic tables and grills scattered throughout, nestled amongst mature trees and convenient to our bathhouse. This grove is available for rent to groups of 100 people or more, maximum capacity is 250. There is no pavilion in this area.
Hours
The Oregon Ridge Beach operates Memorial Day weekend through Labor Day. We open each day at 10 a.m. and close at 6 p.m. on weekdays and 7 p.m. weekends. The water will be closed 1/2 hour prior to closing the facility each day. Note that during the early and late beach season on those days when Baltimore County Schools are in session, the beach will be closed for swimming.
The beach is open to the public for a nominal fee and season passes are available for individuals or families. Outings can be arranged in advance by contacting the park office at 410-887-1818. Groups of 25 people or more are only eligible for group rates if reservations are made prior to arrival, otherwise normal rates apply.
During the summer, you may confirm rates, hours and dates of operation and directions by calling the beach directly: 410-887-1817.
Revised June 1, 2012
