Inn at the Prom
Guest Reviews
""Inn for a Treat" Inn at the Prom, Seaside From the minute we arrived,we knew we were in for a treat! Check in was a breeze and April..."
---Hankerin
""Don't over look this Gem"  Blue Gull Inn: One Bedroom Spa Suite:   I have passed this place a million times and its cute enough on..."
---ZWfamilyoffive
""Definitely going back"  Inn at Haystack Rock: Spa Cottage The Inn was just a great place to stay. We didn't expect to have a mini ve..."
---Rb44chinook
More guest reviews >>
About Us
Our venture as lodging business owners started in June of 2001. We left a corporate job in Hillsboro, OR and moved our young family of three small children to the coast to follow our dreams. We saw a perfect opportunity and purchased the Blue Gull Inn in Cannon Beach.
In 2003, we acquired the Inn at Haystack Rock and through this purchase began to manage the Ocean Spray Inn. Managing multiple properties, we decided to create a company to reflect our business and called it Haystack Lodgings. Over the past nine years Haystack Lodgings has grown to now manage six small motels and eleven vacation rental homes in Cannon Beach. Other Inns we manage in Cannon Beach are the Sand Trap Inn, Sand Castle Inn and the Sunset Inn.
In March of 2011, we took another leap of faith and purchased our first oceanfront motel in Seasidec called the Inn at the Prom. We completely renovated the motel down to the sheet-rock and can proudly say that the Inn at the Prom is now worthy of its location. 
With locations now in Cannon Beach and Seaside, we have formed a new company name to reflect the area that we serve. We are now be known as Coast Lodgings, as we truly feel that the only constant in life is change. We promise to continually evolve our business in order to best serve our guests. However, our mission will never change, which is to provide each one of our guests with a unique experience and a place to relax, retreat and rejuvenate their mind, body and soul.
We look forward to sharing the place we love with you, 
The Simmons family
