All Vacation Rentals  >  United States  >  Oregon  > 
The Oregon Coast is a 350-mile stretch of opportunity that awaits you; from restaurants and lighthouses to parks and sea cliffs, the Oregon coast has a number of beautiful vacation areas. The coastal terrain is a beautiful array of sandy beaches and awesome rock cliffs.?
Oregon beach rentals offer some of the nation's most unique scenic beaches. The Oregon Coast is a 350-mile stretch of opportunity that awaits you; from fine restaurants and historic lighthouses to beautiful parks and towering sea cliffs, the Oregon coast has a number of perfect vacation areas. The coastal terrain is a beautiful array of sandy beaches and awesome rock cliffs.?
A beach rental in Oregon is perfect for all occasions, whether you are looking to enjoy a fun-filled vacation with a group of your close friends, swim in the Pacific Ocean, or spend a romantic weekend getaway with that special someone. Seaside, Oregon has three miles of soft sandy beaches and two miles of boardwalk for those looking to spend a great beach vacation. Seaside is the closest major coastal city in Oregon to Portland, so it is small enough for a little privacy but close enough to Portland to experience the city life. If you are interested in Oregon's history, Seaside is a great place to go. Seaside is actually a national landmark because it commemorates the end of Lewis and Clark's trail.
Close to seaside is Cannon beach, which was named one of the nation's top ten best beaches by the Travel Channel. If you're looking to catch a beautiful sunset, then the Cannon Beach coastline is one of the most scenic places on the west coast. A perfect romantic hideaway, Cannon Beach has plenty of scenic retreats and sandy beaches that you and your loved ones can go to. Ecola State Park is also located in this splendid town. This nationally acclaimed park is just another example of the variety of sights and activities that you can encounter on the Oregon coast.
So come find your next beach rental in Oregon today!
Featured Vacation Rentals
 
Warrenton, Oregon, United States ( Price - $2,065 - $2,450 )
Lovely brand new fabulous home just perfect for a family vacation. Living room has TV/DVD player and gas fireplace with comfortable leather sofas. Open floor plan shows dining area plus mini-pool table/foosball/shuffle board/bowling (9 games in 1 set) with sliders out to the deck overlooking Suns read more ..
 
Seaside, Oregon, United States ( Price - $840 - $1,050 )
This adorable beach cottage is just 4 blocks to town, 1.5 blocks to beach. Two queen bedrooms plus one bedroom with bunk twin beds, and queen sleeper sofa for a maximum of 8 people. Open living and dining room area with cable TV with VCR/DVD player and library of movies to watch. Fully appointed read more ..
 
Seaside, Oregon, United States ( Price - $1,500 - $1,950 )
This classic Seaside beach house is absolutely adorable and a very short walk to the beach or town.   Main floor has living room and dining area, fully appointed kitchen and family room with games, movies and cable TV. There is a full bathroom on the main floor with shower and jacuzzi tub. read more ..
 
Gold Beach, Oregon, United States ( Price - $1,540 - $1,540 )
Enjoy Driftwood At The Beach as your next seaside vacation rental home! This well-constructed 3,000 square foot log home can sleep up to 14 people and is within easy walking distance to the beach. Located near Gold Beach Oregon in exclusive Rogue Shores, Driftwood At The Beach is just a short walk t read more ..
 
Seaside, Oregon, United States ( Price - $810 - $1,050 )
Completely renovated great family home near 12th Ave Bridge (famous for crabbing) has 2 bedrooms, 1 den plus living room with gas fireplace, kitchen, and breakfast nook plus wireless internet access.   The back deck is off one of the queen bedrooms and the private patio is off the living ro read more ..
 
Newport, Oregon, United States
Located just blocks from Nye Beach area, our Newport vacation rental condo commands incredible views of ocean and lighthouse in a distance. Part of the Shoreline Ridge, this condo rental is an ideal base for enjoying beach vacations.   Our 2 bedroom condo rental in Newport can accommodate up to four read more ..
