View more photos of Newport Oregon.
Beaches of Newport on the Oregon Coast
Newport’s beaches, no less than a half-dozen, are beautiful and unique. Which is your favorite?
Cobble Beach
This beach is really fun. It's much different than  other beaches. Located at the Yaquina Head Natural Outstanding Area. In fact, Cobble Beach offers an experience like few other beaches on Earth. Come, listen an look.
Historic Nye Beach
Newport's first resort area dates from 1866. Experience the charm of an historic oceanfront neighborhood offering a variety of lodging options, fabulous restaurants, gift shops, galleries, services and the performing arts. This pedestrian friendly neighborhood has ample oceanfront parking and provides easy handicapped access to "The Most Romantic Beach" according to Sunset magazine.
South Beach State Park
Located just two miles south of Newport, South Beach State Park offers wide stretches of sand. The park is also a full-service campground with electrical hookups and a large selection of yurts. There’s an interpretive center, meeting hall, gift shop and miles of biking/pedestrian trails.
Agate Beach State Recreation Site
Just one mile North of Newport, Agate Beach is a popular hub for surfers and is accessed by walking through a large tunnel.
Yaquina Head Outstanding Natural Area
About three miles north of Newport, lies Yaquina Head. The park offers visitors trails and the stateof Oregon's tallest lighthouse.  Yaquina Head  has one of the first wheelchair accessible human constructed tidepools (photo below) in the world at Quarry Cove, a former quarry. Another trail is the half-mile long Yaquina Head Summit Trail. There is an excellent from the top of the Summit Trail.
Beverly Beach State Park
Seven miles north of Newport, Beverly Beach is a beautiful stretch of beach that runs from just north of Yaquina Head to the headlands of Otter Rock. The park also offers plenty of camping sites and over twenty yurts for overnight stays.
Moolack Beach
Moolack Beach, which is also referred to as Moolack Shores, is an undeveloped sandy beach about four miles north of Newport, OR. The beach is a favorite for surfing as well as kite-flying and general beach fun. Yaquina Head and the lighthouse can be seen in the distance. It's almost five miles in length with the south end at Yaquina Head and the north end at Otter Rock.  The beach is bounded on the east by U.S. Route 101.
© 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 - NewportOregon.com
