Oregon Local Information and Area Highlights
Travel to Oregon / Oregon Vacation Rentals
Oregon is a wealth of nature, a wealth of the arts, and a wealth of opportunity. With all of these themes and so much more, Oregon is a vacationer’s dream. Spend your vacation with an Oregon vacation rental for accommodation. From Oregon coast vacation rentals to Portland, we've got one with your name on it.
Oregon Scenic Byways
Oregon has nationally-recognized scenic byways, and taking one of these trips can be a very satisfying way to experience Oregon to its fullest. The Historic Columbia River Highway offers walls of moss, numerous waterfalls and wonderful views of Mt. Hood. The Volcanic Scenic Byway provides a great viewing location for bald eagles and the majesty of Crater Lake. A shorter season exists for the Hells Canyon Byway drive, but the combination of the tall Wallowas with a mile-deep gorge is well worth the wait.
Oregon Vacation Spots
Not even one mile of the nearly 400 that comprise Oregon’s beaches and dunes on the coast is closed to the public. With a very temperate climate, this region is prime for vacationers and seaside Oregon vacation rentals. Astoria and Warrenton hold historical significance as the western end of the Lewis and Clark trail, and is in a Victorian setting. Enjoy the “Smallest Harbor in the World” at Depoe Bay , filled with unique shopping, and restaurants featuring fresh seafood. Remember to take a fishing charter side trip in Garibaldi. Oregon coast vacation rentals are some of the most popular, and for good reason.
Portland sports a vibrant downtown area and the Pearl District stands out as a high-quality neighborhood where industrial buildings have been transformed into one-of-a-kind stores, restaurants, and galleries. The Portland Art Museum is among the largest in the United States, showing American, Native American, Asian, European, and contemporary art. Take a city cruise on the Willamette River with the Portland Spirit. As you are winding down, take a sip of beer from one of Portland’s famous craft brewers.
Mt. Hood , the tallest peak of the Oregon Cascades, looms high over the gorgeous Columbia River Gorge. Waterfalls spout from the cliffs into the river. This area offers skiing and snowboarding from January through December; in addition, here is a host of other outdoor activities, from skydiving to skateboard parks. The Hutson Museum features geology specimens from the Pacific Northwest, along with local history and Native American crafts and artifacts.
No matter what time of year you're visiting Oregon, Oregon vacation rentals offer easy access to the ski slopes, the lake, and the museums! So take your pick and inquire today!
Willamette Valley is a lush agricultural region famous for its diversity in crops. The wine country here is lauded worldwide for its consistently excellent Pinot noir, Pinot gris, and Riesling. This valley is also the location of the most covered bridges west of the Mississippi River. The Eugene-Springfield area is a merry juxtaposition of casual and upscale, and a mix of music from classical to country music. Seek out the capital city of Salem and its Capitol building of various marbles and Depression-era art.
Southern Oregon has been considered to be a getaway for those in Hollywood. Klamath County is the location of Crater Lake National Park, with a deep blue Crater Lake and a 33-mile long drive along the rim. Hiking and boat tours are plentiful in summer, while winter brings snowshoe paths and cross-country skiing. The Oregon Shakespeare Festival draws many visitors to Ashland. Check out the scientific natural phenomena called the Oregon Vortex in Gold Hill.
Central Oregon is a mostly sunny region with high desert landscape. It has been recognized as a top golf destination, as well as an area for strong arts and music. A full complement of outdoor activities for climbing, hiking, and rafting, to ATV and motorcycle riding is available in Central Oregon. Mt. Bachelor has one of the longest ski seasons in North America. Maupin has notable wild trout and steelhead fishing, along with whitewater excitement. Oregon coast vacation rentals are plentiful, and will make your fishing or boating trip as easy as possible.
Eastern Oregon is an area of low population, and high discovery. Take a rafting trip for three to six days with Hells Canyon Whitewater in the deepest canyon in North America. The national Historic Oregon Trail Interpretive Center tells the story of the pioneer journey on the Oregon Trail. The Tamastslikt Cultural Institute in Pendleton shows a cultural and historical view of the Umatilla Tribes through fantastic exhibits and displays.
Whether you're looking for a vacation rental in Lincoln City, Oregon or anything else at all, just make sure you call a vacation home your home away from home; after all, you will not feel the same comforts and enjoy the same luxuries in a hotel! From Oceanside to Seaside Oregon vacation rentals , we've got what you're looking for, and so much more! So keep your mind open as you browse through the lovely Oregon vacation rentals found here. 
 Sites and tours to see
T&T Wildlife Tours in Haines (horse-drawn, elk-viewing)
Adler House Museum in Baker City
Newberry National Volcanic Monument
Dee Wright Observatory in McKenzie Pass
Tours at the Cape Blanco, Heceta Head, Umpqua River, Yaquina Bay and Yaquina Head lighthouses
Douglas County Court House in Roseburg
Neal Lane Bridge in the South Umpqua River Basin
Applegate Trail interpretive Kiosk at Canyonville City Park
John Day Fossil Beds
Blue Heron French Cheese Company in Tillamook
Oregon Coast Aquarium in Newport
