Southern Oregon Coast RV Parks
From Astoria at the north end to Brookings at the south, the Oregon coast is dotted with small, charming towns that are home to dozens of RV parks. If you're looking to stay active and healthy during your RV camping trip on the Oregon coast, you'll find parks that offer a variety of opportunities unique to their locations, such as on-site marinas and close proximity to a variety of outdoor recreational activities.
Weather
The type of fitness activities you engage in during your RV camping trip along the Oregon coast can be largely influenced by the weather. Average temperatures up and down the coast are fairly similar, with annual highs in the mid- to high-60s from June through September and lows in the mid-30s from December through February. July and August are the driest months, and are drier, on average, the farther south you travel. Expect rainy weather from November through January, when average rainfall tops 10 inches.
Considerations
Where you stay on the Oregon coast depends largely on the type of RV park you're seeking. RV parks in Oregon's coastal towns present a variety of possibilities, from campgrounds alongside beaches with views of the Pacific Ocean to more-secluded parks nestled amidst forested areas. You'll also find parks situated alongside rivers and next to bays.
Beach Activities
Oregon has dozens of RV parks next to sandy beaches along the ocean, giving you easy access to a variety of beach activities. Among the outdoor recreational opportunities you'll find on Oregon's beaches are kite flying, clam digging, tide-pooling and beachcombing. Many of the state's coastal RV parks offer their own beach-access points, so you can head out of your RV and take long walks on the beach next to the Pacific Ocean.
Fishing
With close proximity to the ocean, lakes and rivers, many of Oregon's coastal RV campgrounds offer access to fishing within walking distance of your RV. From Astoria-Warrenton-Seaside KOA Campground at the northern end of the state in Hammond, you can walk a short ways to ocean fishing, crabbing and clamming opportunities. The Four Seasons RV Resort is on the Rogue River, one of many Oregon RV parks situated alongside rivers near the ocean, where you can fish for salmon and trout without leaving the park. Netarts Bay RV Park and Marina offer boat and fishing access from its own private docks.
Hiking
Scenic ocean views from atop cliffs, treks through forested areas and alongside rivers and lakes await hiking enthusiasts on the Oregon coast. It's easy to find an RV park within walking distance to trail heads and hikes with a variety of difficulty levels. Cannon Beach RV Resort is on the north end of town, providing easy access to hiking trails in Ecola State Park. Cape Lookout State Park in Tilamook is near eight miles of hiking trails through wooded landscape next to the ocean.
References
