Officiants
Beach Weddings
Planning a beach wedding can be fun and exciting. What could be more romantic than to seal your vows with a kiss while the sun glimmers over the waves on a perfect day? But there are challenges involved too that just aren’t a consideration when you get married in a building. Like, “What shall we do if it rains?” Or, “If we have the reception as well as the wedding on the beach will sand get in the cake?”. See what I mean?
Think of all those little  possible problems in advance and you are well on your way to a perfect beach wedding.
Rain is a possibility at any time of year on the coast, though July through September are the Coast’s driest months and you are safest scheduling during one of them. If it does rain despite all your careful Almanac perusals here are some ideas to save the day:
1. The best insurance against any kind of bad weather is to have a fallback indoor space reserved, or to rent a vacation home or other venue that has both indoor and outdoor possibilities.  One highly thought of spot: The Heceta Head Lighthouse a beautiful spot – and all set up to help with your wedding and reception, and even honeymoon lodging.
2. If a little drizzle doesn’t bother you,  just a canopy for the bride and groom and having extra umbrellas handy for guests might do the trick. Consider recommending BYOU (bring your own umbrellas) to your guests “just in case”.
2. Find a state park or campground with a gazebo or covered picnic area that can be used for the ceremony.
3. Rent a tent. (Make sure it is wind safe)
4. If all else fails, or you just want to walk onto the sand, and get married with a “come what may” attitude, make sure your invited guests have a sense of humor!
The next consideration weather-wise is wind. (Or as we prefer to call it here on the coast, the sea breeze.) Areas where this is a consideration are more likely to be sunnier. Areas where wind is not so much of a problem are more likely to be gray or even foggy.
Find your self a sheltered spot for your ceremony. In the lee of a headland, large dune, rock outcrop or other shelter, including using man made ones, are ideas. Find out where the prevailing wind is from on the beach you have chosen, for the time of year your wedding will be.
Plan to make sure all your clothes, and decorations are securely fastened or tied down, or as we say, “made fast”.
Find Oregon Wedding:
