Harrison Ridge Estate, a fabulous Oregon Coast Luxury Vacation Rental Home in Gold Beach, Oregon.
 
Harrison Ridge Estate - a Luxurious Oregon Coast Vacation Rental Home
An estate worthy of royalty! 45 acres of gated privacy      provides anonymity, luxury, and amazing ocean and river views in a small      coastal community on the Southern Oregon Coast.
Here you'll find accommodations and amenities on the same scale      as five star luxurious lodging throughout the world. You'll      enjoy a massive great room perfect for entertaining;     large room sizes - each with attached bathrooms, access to a      deck or balcony, flat screen HD  television, lighted closets; and      incredible river and white water ocean & beach views.
The home and property offer a long, winding private driveway      which ends at the palatial home. 10,000 square feet of private      luxury offers panoramic views from nearly every room.  You'll enjoy a stunning home with exquisite appointments      throughout. Spacious room sizes, vaulted ceilings, and      wrap-around decks complement six bedrooms and seven bathrooms.  Additionally, you'll find a HotSpring Spa, two fireplaces, huge master bath with jetted soaking tub,      gourmet kitchen with cooking island and two refrigerators - all set on 45 acres of      wooded privacy.
Pass through the automatic gate and travel up the 1/2 mile      driveway until you reach the sprawling Cape Cod style home. Entry      to the home is gained through an impressive double doorway which      you'll access by entering your personal code into the      keyless lock. Step into the massive great room with endless 39'      ceilings, impressive art, an entertainment sized kitchen and      sweeping views of coastal white water ocean & beaches, the Rogue      River, and the charming red roofs of the Port of Gold      Beach.
Completing this ultimate luxury experience are all the necessary amenities      for modern living. High speed wireless Internet, a business      center including a computer and printer for your convenience,      flat screen HD televisions with cable & premium      channels in each bedroom, and a 72" flat screen HD television in      the great room along with a DVD/Blue Ray player and iPod docking      station.  You'll also find a huge gourmet kitchen with double ovens & two refrigerators, a      full laundry room with two dryers, a collection of surf boards for your use and a large 3 head      shower in the garage.  To continue      your exercise and relaxation, there is a fully equipped gym with      easy access to an outdoor HotSpring Spa.  Fire      logs for the two fireplaces, a foosball table, air hockey      table, board games, beach towels, parking for six vehicles (no      RV's) and      more.... have all been provided.  Should you need anything else,      we're available to answer your questions and locate any local      services you may have need for.  Give us a call      at 541-556-4491.
Your group of 14 can be comfortably accommodated in six bedrooms      - with one California King,      five Queens, and two Twin beds. Additional sleeping      accommodations are available with two sleeping pads for visiting      children.
The air in Gold Beach is pure. It blows across thousands of      miles of Pacific Ocean to get here. Air doesn't get better than      this.  The Coastal Playground surrounding Gold Beach      presents limitless outdoor activities:  Golf, Fishing,      Beaches, Jet Boat Trips, Hiking, Whale Watching, Tide Pooling,      Driving Tours, Bird Watching, Lighthouses, Rafting/Kayaking,      Bicycling, and more!
The Rogue River is just a stone's throw away from Harrison Ridge      Estate and is a tremendous opportunity for fishing, jet boat      trips, and      other water recreation. Hiking is everywhere. Surfing is as      close as South Beach, which you can see from the house. Your      stay at Harrison Ridge Estate will be augmented by the      remarkable paradise of the Southern Oregon Coast.
 
