Seaside Oregon Beach House Rentals and Beach Vacation Homes
Beach house rentals, vacation fun and surf are what Seaside Oregon and Gearhart are known for. Seaside Oregon is More than a day at the beach! It is Three miles of powder-soft beach and two miles of manicured, ocean front boardwalk. Find a vacation rental within walking distance of the popular main...  
Beach house rentals, vacation fun and surf are what Seaside Oregon and Gearhart are known for. Seaside Oregon is More than a day at the beach! It is Three miles of powder-soft beach and two miles of manicured, ocean front boardwalk. Find a vacation rental within walking distance of the popular main street activities and the kids can have fun at arcades while you shop or take a stroll along the oceanfront promenade. Seaside is a great place to find large group vacation rentals that will accommodate all of your family and friends.
Seaside is on the north coast of Oregon and is just a 90 minute drive from the Portland airport. It’s conveniently located in the middle of many coast attractions. Just north is the quiet town of Gearhart, where you can find a vacation rental near the popular Gearhart Golf Links . South of town where the shore turns rocky, you can watch the local surfers ride the waves while you comb the beach for treasures.
This historic town of Seaside lies at the end of the Lewis and Clark trail. A bronze monument honoring the expedition overlooks the Pacific Ocean at the famous downtown turnaround. You can learn the history of Lewis and Clark at the Fort Clatsop interpretive center just south of Astoria.
Explore the coast south along highway 101 for an easy 10minute trip to Cannon Beach where you’ll find unique shopping, art galleries and theater. Be sure to walk the beach and experience a close up view of the world famous monolith, Haystack Rock.
Visit Seaside anytime of the year and always find fun family adventure! The following information is available for Seaside & Gearhart: Featured Listings , Property Management Companies , Chamber/Visitor Info , Events , Maps
Bedrooms
