Birthday Invitation Templates
Both the Oregon Coast and Washington Coast are covered city by city in our online guide.     You will find detailed lodging accommodations,     activity info, maps, weather, picture galleries, event calendars, lighthouses, real estate and more.     Make sure to bookmark NWcoast.com as your lodging and vacation resource for the NW Coast!
OREGON COAST
The Oregon Coast has a number of beautiful vacation areas.     There are rivers, lakes, trails, sand dunes, and amazing state parks to visit.     The coastal terrain is a beautiful combination of sandy beaches and towering rock cliffs. 
Oregon's Coast is the perfect spot for an executive retreat , a weekend with the family,     or a romantic vacation with your loved one.  Several cities can meet your needs. Seaside and Cannon Beach are among the most popular of the Oregon Coast.  They are also the closest cities to Portland and offer very nice vacation rental, resort and motel accommodations.      Just a short drive south of Cannon Beach you will find the Manzanita Area -      the three towns of Manzanita, Nehalem and Wheeler offer a community with a small feel,      relaxed setting and terrfic beach along with fishing and kayaking on the Nehalem River and Bay.     As you continue south you will find one of the larger and more entertaining cities, Lincoln City .       This city has numerous hotel and restaurant options and is another one of Oregon's favorite destinations.  Further to the south are Newport , Waldport , Yachats and Florence .  These are four       popular destinations on the Central Oregon Coast.  People traveling this      region love to visit the Oregon Coast Aquarium, Heceta Head and the Sea Lion Caves. Coos              Bay , Bandon , Port Orford , Gold              Beach and Brookings finish up the Southern Oregon Coast.  When visiting            Brookings, you are just miles from the California border and the            Redwood Forests.
Use NWcoast.com to find your perfect motel, cabin, rental, or camping spot on     the Oregon Coast.  If you are searching for that perfect coastal property, please review our Oregon Coast Real Estate section.       If you are unfamiliar with this area, make sure to visit the Oregon Coast Home Page and learn more.
WASHINGTON COAST
The Washington Coast has             a beautiful setting for a vacation.  It can include            anything from watching the wildlife to building sandcastles to fishing            the fertile Pacific waters.  Washington's southern coast has miles of sandy beach.     The Long Beach Peninsula is a favorite destination of many northwest travelers.  Westport is known for its            terrific fishing. Ocean Shores is an amazing spot for the family to vacation, offering some of the finest hotel and resort accommodations anywhere.
If you are looking for a new property or land on Washington's coast, we cover the regions mentioned above as well as      Port Townsend and Port Angeles.  Take a look at Washington Coast Real Estate on NWcoast.com to learn more!
July 24 - 28, 2012  (Coos Bay)
