(1 mile)
Other Vacation Rental Amenities
Hike up Neah-kah-Nie mountain, bike along the beach.  The beach, just minutes walk from the house, is one of the best kite boarding and wind surfing locations on the North Coast.  Manzanita/Neah-kah-nie beach is a pristine, seven-mile stretch of clean, hard sand...perfect for building sandcastles, running, or building a bon fire.  There are state parks on either side of Manzanita/Neah-kah-nie.  To the north, Oswald West State Park is a beautiful rain forest with spectacular hiking trails and Short Sands Beach, popular with surfers and boogey boarders.   To the south, there is Nehalem Bay State Park, with beaches that
offer birding, horseback rides to the jetty and a boat launch on Nehalem Bay, for great fishing.
The town of Manzanita, one mile walk, offers restaurants, a tavern, cafes and shops.  Cannon Beach is a short 15 minute drive up Hwy-101.
Reviews for this vacation home rental in Manzanita, Oregon
Have you been a guest of this property?  Write a review!
Laurel Humphrey
Very comfortable home!
August 28, 2011
This house was as advertised, in a beautiful setting and a short walk to the beach and to town.  It was very clean and comfortable with high quality touches (nice bedding and flatware, for instance).  Wonderful rental. and we loved our stay. Thank you!
Tracy
Such a relaxing time!
July 23, 2011
Thank you for letting us stay at your really cool beach rental. We had such a good time and the kids are still talking about it!  It was so roomy for our family and our friend's family.  The kitchen was easy to cook in-with all of us! The view out the windows were like being in the country. . with the beach being a 5 minute walk just like you said.  The part of the beach it led to was less crowded than other areas!  We all hiked to the tip top of Neahkahnie Mountain and loved it!  Over all it was a nice break!
Phoebe Carter
August Stay
August 30, 2008
We enjoyed our stay very much.  The house was pretty kid-friendly, comfortable, and had an excellent location, very near the beach (a five minute walk), and so much to see and do if one is willing to get in the car and take short half day trips.
Bob Calhoun
San Francisco Bay Area, Concord CA
Excellent in every way.
July 20, 2008
This property was better than expected! Property was very clean, fully equipted kitchen, bathroom, laundry and living areas, upgraded linens were appreciated. We enjoyed both vcr and dvd players for movies. Super location to town, resturants, ice cream shops and beaches. The house had a lot of upgrades and had recent remodeling giving it a modern feel. Huge private lot with great views of surrounding peaceful homes in meadows offered a wonderful quiet setting. The BBQ, childrens playhouse and large separate outdoor deck were great as was the weather. This home is great for families with children. The visiting Elk and deer were a extra bonus as was the short walk to the beach. We recommend staying here and visiting Manzanita because of our fantastic experience.
michelle dintzner
Amazing Home, Amazing Place
June 17, 2008
Words cannot describe how much we love this little house in Manzanita. It is so pretty, clean and has a very comfortable feel.  The location can't be beat, with access to both the beach and town.  The kids loved running around the huge backyard, while we hung out on the porch late into the evenings.  We will continue to return to this home in the years to come without hesitation!
Jula Bell
A lovely vacation!
June 9, 2008
We love Manzanita , and your little cottage is just perfect! We used to go to Seaside , but once we stayed at your place, we were Manzanita converts. The house is clean, well stocked, and exceptionally comfortable. There is a bubbling creek nearby, and I have seen lot's of deer and serene wildlife right outside our window. Last year my friend's came to visit, and their kids had a blast frolicking in the playhouse and the sizeable yard. The beach there is amazing. The best sunsets I have ever seen. When we stay there we have a bonfire on the beach every night. It is truly magnificent, and hard to leave. Thank you again for turning us on to your vacation rental !
Pat Vandy
Wonderful house, super location..Thank you!
August 6, 2004
Wonderful house...Great location!  Surprised at the quality of the beds, sheets, towels...basically everything.  We slept sooo well--much better than at home.  Our three children loved it and so did we. We enjoyed relaxing and looking out the large windows in the mornings to see the mountain, meadows and elk. Yes...everyday we saw a family of elk right outside of the window! We went to Hug Point up the hwy and explored in the caves and played in the tide pools.  The walk to the beach was short and easy.  (We picked blackberries along the way.)  The sunsets were amazing.  We will be back year after year.  Thanks for the wonderful and memorable vacation! Pat, Chris V. and famil
Owner Supplied Testimonials
Hi Leah -
We had a wonderful time, it is a great house and the beach was fantastic! Thanks for the recommendations about the nearby beaches, we visited several of them frequently. The tidepools and sandcastles were great, we even took a horse ride on the beach! We saw Elk one day and Deer at least 2 others, it was a great place to unwind! We are already talking about coming back every year.
Thanks again!
Roger & family
Leah,
Vacation was great. The house was perfect for us. It made thing easy not having to go out to eat every day. It was wonderful to be able to relax and do our own thing. The town was a perfect size.
Thanks again, everything was perfect!
Andrea
My trip is still unfolding; I'm up in Seattle now. But
before I got too far away, I wanted to thank you for
opening your wonderful home in Manzanita to me. I
enjoyed myself immensely, and it was perfect to
jumpstart my book. Deer came every morning with fawns
and nibbled in the yard. There was a soothing mix of
sun, fog, sun and rain. The house itself was cozy and
your paintings were delightful. May you and your
family enjoy this getaway for many memory-making years
to come.
David
Sedona, AZ
The house was wonderful, we loved it, we had a nice stay and we enjoyed Manzanita, it is a really nice town. I think you did a good job organizing the house for renters...
Murielle (4 friends and one child)
This rental is now one of our favorites.  Manzanita is charming and quaint, yet offers delicious restaurants, cafes, and everything else we needed for the perfect vacation.  Your home is very pleasant and comfortable.   We were expecting a house for children from the description, but it was the perfect place for a couple who wanted to spend a romantic and relaxing weekend.  The only downside is that you are not on the beach. But, it is a quick and easy walk to a wonderful beach. We're glad we discovered your home.  We'll be back.
Shirl and Rob Lane, Redmond, Washington
Thank you for all your help and recommendations.  We visited Oswald West State Park, Arcadia Beach and Hug Point as you recommended.   The tide pools and caves during low tide were great for the kids.  One can tell that you take pride in your home.  We  enjoyed our vacation immensely and have plans to return in July.  This home will be our first choice!!  Is it available for the 4th weekend?
Betty, Chuck, Sophie, Hannah and Luc
Interested in Renting this Property?
Page Views This month: 3 This year: 3 Since listed: 3
Owner Profile
