Explore the Oregon Coast
There’s an Oregon Coast vacation rental for every purpose and passion. Rendezvous with your love in a coastal cottage, hot tub included.
Or make it an extra special family weekend with the kids and the dogs in a pet friendly vacation home with WiFi. At Horizon, we cherish your family’s time like it’s our own.
Horizon also has Oregon Coast vacation rentals for life’s other special occasions. Getaway with the guys, or gals, and watch the big game on a big screen. Plan that fiesta and the annual family reunion for sixteen or more. Or get away from it all and leisure by the lake in a lakefront rental . You name it, we’ve got it.
Horizon Rentals has been offering the best Oregon Coast vacation rentals in Lincoln and Tillamook counties since 1989. Whether it’s hot tubs, game rooms, big rooms, or a rental with WiFi, our rentals have all the features to fit your needs.
If you dream of owning your own Oregon Coast vacation rental, let Horizon Rentals make your dream come true. Talk to one of our friendly Oregon Coast real estate specialists today.
Browse Oregon Coast Vacation Rentals
Picture panoramic ocean views from the balcony of an oceanfront beach rental . Walk barefoot on the sands and let the waves wiggle your toes when you stay in a beach house. Or watch the sunsets and star gaze perched in a vacation home above the coastline. Choices abound when you chose an oceanfront beach rental with us.
Horizon Rentals has been offering the best Oregon Coast vacation rentals in Lincoln and Tillamook counties since 1989. Whether it’s sandy shores, sunsets, or plenty of beach time, our properties are pretty as a picture. We even offer lakefront and mountain view vacation rentals for a more rustic getaway. So be our guests and pinpoint that perfect oceanfront beach rental today.
If you dream of owning your own Oceanfront beach rental, let Horizon Rentals help. Call us for details.
Horizon Rentals offers plenty of pet friendly vacation rentals on the Oregon Coast. So bring your furry friends to the beach because we know Fido and Felix are part of the family too.
With our Oregon Coast oceanfront rentals , you'll wake up with the beautiful Pacific Ocean at your doorstep.
Our pet friendly beachfront rentals dot the sweetest shorelines from Pacific City to Neskowin and Lincoln City to Gleneden Beach. For a more rustic getaway, check out our cabin rentals in Otter Rock .
Grab the sandals, sunscreen, and shades and get ready to wake up to the waves of the Pacific Ocean. Just remember to pack the pooch’s leash.
Browse Pet Friendly Vacation Rentals
Turn your Oregon Coast daydreams into discoveries with Horizon Rentals. An oceanfront beach rental makes it easy to explore the coast. Whether indoors, outdoors, or a bit of both, you’ll find what you’re looking for because the People’s Coast has something special for everyone.
Dine and dish over Northwest cuisine . Imbibe local wines and brews. Handpick handmade goods in the local shops . Tour the museums and galleries. See a play at Theatre West . There’s plenty of indoor culture to take in on the Oregon Coast.
There’s also plenty of recreation and sightseeing to do. Search for starfish on a tide pool adventure. Fly a kite in Lincoln City, kite capital of the world. Watch the whales head north in the summer or south in the winter. Bike the bay. Spend a day looking for lighthouses. Or charter a boat and go fish.
We make it easy for you to explore the Oregon Coast because there’s so much to see and do.
