Horseback riding on the beach
Sunday, June 3, 2012
Walking on the beach is fun, but horseback riding is even better! This time of year most of the stables are open for trail rides on the beach. There are also lots of places you can bring your own horse and ride. Here is a link to all the places on the Oregon Coast where you can ride: http://visittheoregoncoast.com/activities/horseback-riding/2/
Distraction free zone
Sunday, May 27, 2012
It seems like memories are stronger and last longer if they are made at the beach. Maybe it’s the smell of the salt air. Or the sound of the waves shooshing on the sand. Or maybe it’s the sound of the gulls screeing overhead or the utter lack of car alarms, traffic jams or the constant wail of sirens.
Removing yourself from your familiar world with its sounds, sights and smells is the essence of a real vacation. To experience something different, to taste new foods, see new sights and to leave behind the clouds of diesel exhaust from mass transit.
Sometimes when people come to the beach for a vacation, they can be unnerved by the quiet. And the darkness. The entire
Oregon
Coast
is a rural area. There are cities along the way, but most of those cities are considered rural cities. The lack of traffic sounds and dearth of street lights can be unsettling to those who spend their lives in urban areas. Welcome to your vacation! Vive la difference! Revel in the beach environment that is so different from the one you are vacationing from.
So step out of your urban familiarity and come to the beach. Leave your laptops and cell phones off so you won’t miss the depth of the beauty around you. Listen to the waves, the gulls and the breeze in the trees…it’s a music older than time. This is your vacation…leave the clamoring voices that demand your time and attention. They will still be there when you get back. Would it be so horrible to not update your Facebook for a week? Would the world end if you didn’t listen to your voicemail for a few days? Take a break from the constant interruptions and reclaim your privacy, re-establish your boundaries and re-think your priorities.
Come to the beach. Make memories. Experience a natural moment without electronics…I dare you.
(Photo credit: Joy Wilson)
Dad's Day
Saturday, May 19, 2012
During Mother’s Day weekend, the Coast was filled with women: women on the beach, women at the outlet malls, women in shops, spas and restaurants, women laughing, women talking. Women love the beach.
When I was a kid, I thought my Dad hated the beach. We would come to the Coast for picnics or building sand castles and Dad was bored, bored, bored. But, as I got older, I realized that Dad did like the beach, just in a different way than we girls did.
Dad was an outdoorsman. He was a great and mighty hunter, a fish whisperer, a wanderer of woods, a man who loved living off the land. When Dad got to do what he wanted to do at the beach, we went clam digging or fishing in one of the Coasts’ many rivers. We would hike into the rain forests or the shore pine woods and Dad would point out the different varieties of plants, trees or birds. We would eat at the Pixie Kitchen and visit with his Aunt Ruth, who worked there.  
Every Dad is different. Maybe your Dad would like to hibernate in a man cave with a 52” TV and have singular authority over the remote control. Maybe your Dad would like to go deep sea fishing, whale watching or pull a trout out of one of our rivers. Or your Dad might like to water ski on
Devils
Lake
or cruise his Harley to the beach. Maybe he’d like to relax in one of our cigar lounges, tour our micro-breweries or double down at the casino. Or maybe he’d just like to sit, scratch and not have to solve everyone’s problems for a couple days while watching the waves.
Father’s Day is coming. Men love the beach, too. So forget the malls and shops and give your Dad a Father’s Day that lets him enjoy the beach in his own way.
Labels: clamming , Father's Day
Monday, May 7, 2012
In 1913, Gov. Oswald West declared that the Oregon shoreline was a state highway. At the time it really was. The beach was the only way to travel along the coast in the early 1900’s. Today, the beaches belong to the public and they're overseen by the State Parks and Recreation Department. But driving is still allowed on roughly a fifth of Oregon's 362-mile coastline, subject to local conditions and regulations.
The best time to drive on the beach is at low tide. If you plan on spending the day on the beach with your car or truck, make sure you know when high tide is to avoid getting stuck in the sand.
Driving on the beach is convenient for clammers and for the elderly elderly and disabled. Gearhart is a popular spot for clammers. The longest stretch of beach that is open for driving is on the north coast is between Gearhart and Ft. Stevens State park.
To find out where driving is allowed on the Oregon Coast, check out the map provided by ODOT. It is online at http://www.oregon.gov/ODOT/TD/TDATA/gis/docs/statemaps/map_2011_front_web.pdf
Or you can call (503) 986-4000 and order a copy of the map.
May events at the beach
Sunday, April 29, 2012
May is a great time to visit the beach. It's not crowded, the weather is fairly mild and you can still get great rates on our condos and homes. Here is a list of events that might entice you to visit in May:
May 3-6 "Whales of August" at Theatre West in Lincoln City http://www.theatrewest.com/season.html
May 4-6 Spring Unveiling in Cannon Beach www.cbgallerygroup.com
May 4-27 "Butterflies are Free" at Coaster Theatre in Cannon Beach www.coastertheatre.com
May 5 Fish Taco Cook-Off in Lincoln City www.oregoncoast.org/festivals-events
May 11-13 Rockaway Beach Kite Festival www.rockawaybeach.net
May 13  First day of Astoria Sunday Market www.AstoriaSundayMarket.com
May 16-28 Tall Ships Lady Washington and Hawaiian Chieftain in Newport www.historicalseaport.org
May 18-20 105th Rhododendron Festival in Florence www.florencechamber.com541.997.3128
May 18-20 Brewers Memorial Ale Fest in Newport www.brewersalefest.com
May 19 Mutt Masters Dog Show & Olympics in Lincoln City www.oregoncoast.org/festivals-events
May 19 Seaside Wine Walk www.seasidedowntown.com/winewalks
May 19 Sandboard Season Kick-Off in Florence. www.sandmasterpark.com
May 25 Acoustic Folk! Music Series at Cannon Beach History Center www.cbhistory.org
May 26-Sep 30 Oregon Coast Scenic Railroad between Rockaway Beach and Garibaldi www.ocsr.net
May 26 Nehalem Bay Winery Blues Festival www.nehalenbaywinery.com
May 28 66th Fleet of Flowers Memorial Day Ceremonies in Depoe Bay www.depoebaychamber.org
