Oregon Vacation Rentals, Oregon Cabin Rentals, Beach House Rentals Oregon, HomeAway Oregon
Oregon Vacation Homes: The Best Lodging for Oregon Vacations
Oregon vacation rentals, cabins or condos make the perfect home away from home for enjoying the natural diversity of Oregon.
Central Oregon, on the eastern side of the Cascade Mountains, receives nearly 300 days of sunshine a year. Stay in an Oregon vacation rental to enjoy the beauty of the mountains, rivers, streams and deserts with a variety of outdoor activities, including hiking, white water rafting, sailing, skiing, fly fishing, kayaking and golfing. Sunriver, Bend, Redmond and La Pine are popular vacation destinations.
Oregon’s largest ski resort, Mount Bachelor in Deschutes National Forest in central Oregon, features 70 runs served by 11 lifts, a 3,100 vertical drop, 25 miles of groomed cross-country trails, dog sledding and snow shoeing.
Mount Hood, about an hour east of Portland, has three ski resorts convenient to guests of Oregon vacation rentals.
Oregon golf courses are both scenic and challenging. Some popular Oregon golf courses include Black Butte Ranch Golf Club, Crosswater, near La Pine, and The River’s Edge, near Bend.
Oregon’s Pacific coastline offers a variety of breathtaking scenery, from steep cliffs to wind-swept sand dunes. Popular activities on the Oregon coast include beachcombing, kayaking, sunbathing, fishing and whale watching.
One of the most popular Oregon beach resorts is Seaside, with its miles of beaches, shops, galleries, restaurants, and Promenade arcade and entertainment area. Beach lovers will enjoy the sandy stretches of beach at Yaquina Bay State Park and South Beach State Park, near Newport. Lincoln City also boasts seven miles of sandy beaches, great surfing, whale watching, and casino gaming at Chinook Winds Casino.
Guests of Oregon vacation rentals will find a variety of other attractions in Oregon. Sample local wines in the Willamette Valley, experience the Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area, go whitewater rafting on the Rogue River, or visit Crater Lake National Park.
Whatever your interests, you’re sure to find the perfect Oregon cabin, condo or vacation rental home for a memorable vacation. For more alternative lodging options, try Oregon bed and breakfast inns .
Find more vacation homes for rent in other nearby states:
