Rooster Rock State Park View a 360 deg moving panoramic of Rooster Rock taken at an extreme Columbia River low water level here Fully 100% legal nude beach. There is a Tribenet group regarding Rooster Rock State Park.
Glassbar Island aka Bring Beach in the Eugene / Springfield Volunteers are working with the State Parks to establish a official clothing optional beach in this area along a fork of the Willamette River .
Nudy Rock on the McKenzie River a mile up from Armitage Park near Eugene .
Businesses
Edit
Breitenbush Hot Springs Retreat and Conference Center Has clothing optional hot tubs fed by hot springs. All bathing areas are clothing optional. Located near Detroit .
Common Ground Wellness Center Common Ground’s outdoor garden hot tubs and cedar sauna are coed facilities, with reserved hours for women-only, and men-only. Swimsuits are optional. Located in Portland .
Common Ground Everett House Common Ground Everett House is a clothing optional, co-ed facility that offers flotation tanks , a steam room and sauna. Located in Portland .
Mudra Massage Has a flotation tank . You use it in complete privacy so nude use is recommended Located in Portland .
The Deep Haven The Deep Haven has a flotation tank. You use it in complete privacy so nude use is recommended Located in Portland .
The Float Shoppe has two flotation tanks . You use them in complete privacy so nude use is recommended Located in Portland .
Float HQ A flotation tank center. Contact place for nudity policies though the website seems to suggest that you soak naked. Located in Portland .
Neuro Float has a flotation tank . In Bend.
Jade Sauna A Woman's only Korean Sauna in Beaverton where nudity is encouraged but robes are provided. You can see reviews of the spa here .
Zenwest Flotation Center Zenwest Flotation Center has a flotation tank that you can use nude if you want to. Located in Ashland .
Gathering Light Nature Retreat Allows nude sunbathing and skinny dipping with appropriate discretion as long as the children of other guests are not present.
Trillium Farm Community An intentional community village hosting an educational, cultural, spiritual, arts and retreat center deep in the Siskiyou Mountains near Jacksonville. All swimming is clothing-optional .
Jackson Wellsprings a 30 acre hot springs spa located 1.5 miles from Ashland that allows clothing optional swimming after 8:00pm or dark, whichever is first.
Löyly A spa with a sauna and steam room, inspired by the sauna culture of Scandinavia. Swimsuits are required on Co-ed days in facility, and optional for women only and men only times. The facility is available for three hour private rentals. In Portland .
Wolf Gulch Farm is a small family run permaculture farm near Jacksonville that offers a clothing optional swimming hole and a hot tub available for use of students who regularly take classes there .
Summer Lake Hot Springs Resort where the hot spring is clothing optional after 9PM. Near Paisley, OR.
Camp Myrtlewood Historically skinny-dipping was common at this Quaker owned campgrounds in Myrtle Point, Oregon as traditionally was the way in most Quaker campgrounds. However not sure about the current culture of the place. Some of what I read suggests that this still may be the case while other information suggests that this is no longer allowed.
Figure Drawing in Oregon State Figure drawing classes often provide nude models. Check with the specific instructor for hiring practices.
Medford Vacation Rental Mentions that the place has been rented in the past to clothing optional folks who enjoyed the privacy the property offered.
Communities and organizations
Edit
Non profit organizations, communities, clubs, resorts. Many offer or require memberships.
Willamettans near Eugene . Great place to call home as you visit Terwilliger , McCredie or Umpqua Hot Springs not far away. AANR affiliated
Restful Haven Health Club's Mountaindale Sun Resort just west of Portland . AANR affiliated
Squaw Mountain Ranch near Estacada . AANR affiliated - The first and oldest nudist resort west of the Mississippi. Established in 1933 and nestled in the Oregon Cascades, SMR offers a touch of unspoiled wilderness combined with many of the features of modern resorts. Camping, RV spots, and Lodge rooms are available all year around. Resort features a swimming lake, full rec. room hot tubs, and other amenities.
Hidden Springs Nudist Club A family nudist club based in Portland, Oregon. Hosts local activities and travel to nudist parks in Oregon and Washington. TNS and AANR affiliated.
Bare Spirits A non landed nudist club centered in the Mid Willamette Valley that primarily serves the Salem / Dallas area. TNS and AANR affiliated.
Sun Lover's Under Grey Skies (SLUGS) is a naturist travel club located in the Puget Sound area in the State of Washington. Most of our members live in the greater Seattle area, but we have members from the Olympic Peninsula to Ellensburg, the Tri-Cities, and as far away as Pullman and Walla Walla in eastern Washington, and from Vancouver, B.C. to Oregon.
Oregon Clothing-Optional Beach Alliance (ORCOBA) A non-profit, grass-roots collection of individuals dedicated to the preservation, maintenance, protection and promotion of family-friendly, clothing-optional recreation at Oregon's two officially-designated nude beaches, Sauvie Island (Collins Beach) and Rooster Rock State Park.
The Rogue Suncatchers A Southern Oregon/Medford Area non landed nudist club.
Discussion Groups
NW Fun in the Sun Yahoo Group Focus is on Oregon but also discusses the west of the Pacific NW.
Blogs of Nudists/Naturists who live in Oregon
