Nov 21, 2008 14:15 - By: Sebastien Tobler
The Oregon Coast
Photo by Wikipedia User: Cacophony
When most people think about going to a beach they think hot sun, white sand, tropical turquoise waters and perhaps a cocktail of sorts – this is not necessarily the case on the beaches of the Oregon Coast . Sure you can still have a cocktail, but you will definitely have to take tropical out of the equation.
That being said, Oregon’s coastal beaches are stunningly beautiful with the added drama of heavy fog lifting off the ground and massive rocks protruding above them. The lush, green vegetation makes the entire feel of the beaches so fantastic, as if though you had somehow found yourself in the middle of a Lord of the Rings scene complete with a sweeping aerial shot. Route 101 runs along the Oregon coast and from there you will be able to see the beaches from above, giving you that sweeping aerial and a perfect chance to get some great shots of the rock beaches below.
Cannon Beach
The rocky shores of the Oregon Coast provide some stunning panoramic views. Haystack Rock on Cannon Beach protrudes out of the water, standing at 235ft., and is accessible during the low tide. Since Cannon Beach is very close to Portland, this area is a popular weekend getaway destination for many Portlanders.
Cape Perpetua is also not to be missed. Jutting out into the Pacific, Cape Perpetua was once a popular
Perpetua Cove
place for Native Americans to hunt for mussels. You can still find large piles of mussel shells along the beach to this day.
Devil’s Churn and Spouting Horn are famous in Cape Perpetua. Devil’s Churn is a crack running along the coastal rock which gets filled with salt water as the waves come in from the Pacific. The waters explode into a giant splash of white as the trapped water collide with the ocean’s waves. The Spouting Horn works in a similar fashion in that it is a salt water fountain powered by the seas. Be careful in this area during high tide and during storms as these two sites can get very dangerous.
All along the coast you can take jet boat tours, go fishing, crabbing windsurfing or whale watching. The beaches themselves are fantastic for picnics and perfect places for reprieves. Personally, I feel that the beaches along the Oregon Coast are perfect places for those long barefoot walks on the damp sand that is perfect for reflecting and taking in the natural surroundings.
By Sebastien Tobler Of CollidingContinents.com
