Gold Beach Oregon Real Estate
Your Gold Beach Area Real Estate Source!
Pacific Coastal Real Estate offers unparalleled service to ALL clients in the Gold Beach Oregon real estate market. Your complete satisfaction with our service and representation is our number one priority.
Pacific Coastal Real Estate serves the entire Gold Beach Oregon real estate market including the surrounding communities such as Agness, Ophir, Wedderburn & Brookings.
Whether you are considering buying a home, selling a home or both, we know this area inside and out.
Featured Property for Sale : Some of the best properties for sale are displayed right here. As experts in the Gold Beach real estate market, we can provide you detailed information on these homes, or any others!
Market Trends Newsletter : Find out what's going on in today's real estate market. Our Real Estate Blog provides fresh perspective on our market activity. Be sure to check these out!
Email Listing Alerts : Be the first to know what's coming up for sale in the Gold Beach Oregon real estate market with our New Property Listing Alerts! Just tell us what you're looking for and we'll email a daily update of all homes listed for sale since your last update. You can unsubscribe at any time.
What's Your Home Worth:   Receive a complimentary analysis of your home's approximate present value on the market today.
Let us know if there is something specific you are looking for and we'll find what you need. Enjoy your visit and please contact us if there is anything we can do to make your next home buying or home selling experience the best it can be!
 
Thank you for taking the time to review our website!  Lynn, Karen & Linda
 
« Play »
Home Sellers
We can help home sellers understand buyer expectations and establish realistic pricing for your home under the current market conditions.
Our goal is to leverage our knowledge and experience to help you get the best price the market will support while still selling your home in a reasonable period of time.
More Info
Home Buyers
For home buyers , our knowledge of the Gold Beach Oregon real estate market is second to none. We know the neighborhoods, the current market conditions, and the opportunities for buyers in today’s market. Our buyer specialists are committed to helping you find the home you want at the best possible price.
More Info
Our Commitment
Finding your dream home or finding a buyer is only part of the challenge of a successful transaction. There are many details that need to be managed through closing, and Pacific Coastal brings the depth and breadth of skills and experience required to ensure your transactions go smoothly. Our commitment is to provide you the quality of service and communication you desire and deserve.
