List Price: $8.50
Where to find gold in Oregon
i feel fortunate that I live in a state so well populated with gold.  I live in western Oregon, within easy driving distance of several minor and major gold areas.  Even the river flowing through the city I live in contains gold.  I can walk down the bank in some places and get gold specks in my pan very quickly.  Of course, you are not going to retire on gold specks alone, but it's nice knowing the stuff is so close by.
But within an hour or two, I can be on some streams where the gold is abundant.  Years ago, when I was scoutmaster of my sons' Boy Scout troop, I would take the boys out for a day of horsing around on a gold bearing creek.  I taught them how to pan for gold, and some took to it quickly, and others found it just too much work.  But eventually, we'd all be in the river diving and splashing and having a grand time cooling off.  Everybody had fun, gold or no gold.
The best places to do gold panning in Oregon are the southwestern  and northeastern quarters of the state.  But even the beaches have varying amounts of very fine gold.  I tested the black sand deposits left behind after a spring storm, on a beach about an hour from my house, and I was getting hundreds of specks per pan.  Now, they may not add up to much value, being so fine, but again, it is just nice knowing it is there.  Some of the beaches farther south were in fact worked commercially many years ago.
Even the marine deposits off the shoreline are laced with gold, according to research vessels some years ago.
There are lots of resources available to anyone who wants to try his or her hand at panning for gold.  The Internet is loaded with info, and there are books that target individual states. Here is a place where you can get these great books and also basic gold prospecting supplies (link below)
books on where to find gold (USA), and basic gold panning supplies
Get your gold panning books and supplies and be ready for your summer stream side fun.
Finding Nuggets With Gold Metal Detectors
You might like to opt for another, less strenuous way to find gold.  Special metal detectors are designed to find gold nuggets in the ground.  Some are so sensitive that you may be able to find even little tiny nuggets inches down in the dirt or gravel.
These specialized metal detectors are a bit more expensive than coin shooter type detectors, but used in the right places, they can pay for themselves pretty fast.  Take a look at the link below to read more about this and see some recommended mid-level gold detectors.
Metal Detecting For Gold
Using metal detectors for gold is an awesome way to find those gold nuggets with minimum effort. Here are some great medium priced models that are available.
This Hub was last updated on May 24, 2012
You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.
