_ Home > Experience Oregon > Nye Beach in Newport
Leave the highway for Nye   Beach charm
Patrick Johnson
Sometimes the best finds are ones that are off the beaten  path.
Nye Beach  in Newport is one of those finds.
While hundreds of thousands of tourists and locals scour  Highway 101 for the perfect spot, one of the best places to enjoy everything  from dining to shopping to beach access is just a few blocks off the highway.
About the Nye Beach: Historic Nye  Beach is a neighborhood that features more than 40 businesses, beach access,  restaurants, lodging and a rich history of Newport. Events are offered  throughout the year and whether you are interested in shopping, eating or  enjoying the sandy beaches of the Oregon  coast, there is something for just about every taste.
What to bring: Depending on what  time of year you visit Nye Beach,  the open-air neighborhood doesn’t offer many places to escape the weather – unless you want to spend some time in the many shops in the area. So bring  weather appropriate clothing and good walking shoes. The neighborhood sits on  some hills that go down to the beach, so depending on your physical abilities  you should take that into consideration if you are planning a walking tour of  the district.
Season: Nye   Beach is open year round, with each  business setting up their own hours. During the wintertime there are reduced  hours.
Getting there: From Highway 101  in Newport go west on Northwest    Third Street to Northwest    Coast Street. There is oceanfront parking and  beach access.
Tips: Make sure to visit the Newport   Visual Arts Center  to see the work of local artists. If you are staying in the area, you can even  get into an art class that teaches people how to work in different mediums.
The Chowder Bowl at Nye Beach  is a favorite with locals and features award-winning chowder, seafood , burgers  and beer. After a walk on the beach it’s a great place to go to relax and rest  your sand-covered toes.
“A lot of people know about us,” said Berniece Hammon of the  Nye Beach Merchants Association. “But folks from out of town might not get down  here and they will really be missing something if they don’t.”
Hammon, who is originally from Portland,  said for years she didn’t know about Nye   Beach and when her and her husband  discovered it, they wanted to be a part of the beach-front community.“We just love it,” she said while stocking the shelves at  her shop, The Cottage Door. “With all the artists and business owners it really  does feel like a mini-San Francisco.”
The area sits off Coast Street  and features a turnaround, parking, public restrooms, beach access and, of  course, shopping. The mixed-use neighborhood – with residents living above  businesses – is 12 blocks long and two blocks deep. Construction in the area  continues as developers improve the area with the help of the city of Newport’s  urban renewal district. Currently there are more than 40 locally-owned  businesses and shops lining the historic district.
But if shopping for original artwork, unique home décor or  antiques isn’t your cup of tea (which you can also get from The Tea Party on Beach    Drive), beach access features public restrooms,  with a foot washing station, and easy parking.
“The beach access makes this more than just a collection of  really fun shops,” Hammon said. “You can come here, park the car, walk on the beach  and then have lunch. It’s a great spot to enjoy everything the coast has to  offer.”
The merchant’s association also puts on a number of events  throughout the year. From a mystery weekend in March to Clambake & Seafood  BBQ even in July, to a Christmas celebration that focuses on the unique gifts  you can get at the area, Nye Beach is open for business year round.
For those that are interested in Oregon  history, Nye Beach  has many stories about the past – having been a resort destination in the  1800s. In fact, Dr. Henry Minthorn, President Herbert Hoover’s step-father and  believer in the health benefits of living seaside, built one of his first hot  sea baths at Nye Beach.  His former Sea Bath Sanitorium was torn down and today the Visual   Arts Center  is in it’s place. His home remains and can be found on Northwest    Cliff Street.
“With the history, shopping, lodging, eating and the beach  there really is something for everyone,” Hammon said.
 
