Total Properties: 20 :: 1  2   Next >  
Cannon Beach Vacation Rentals | Oregon Vacations
Visit Cannon Beach
Cannon Beach, Oregon is a very popular travel destination. Vacation rentals in this area have become very popular as visitors from around the world turn Cannon Beach vacation rentals into home.  It should be noted that because of its proximity to Portland, it is known as a very popular weekend vacationing spot for Portland residents.  Once you will visit the Cannon Beach area you will understand what the draw it.
Cannon Beach Location
Many of the Cannon Beach vacation rentals are situated on the Pacific Northwest Coast of Oregon, 80 miles west of Portland and 25 miles south of Astoria. The rugged natural beauty of forests, ocean beaches, and rivers surrounds Cannon Beach is the backdrop for all travel accommodations here. Cannon Beach, Oregon is not a big town.  In fact it is only four miles long with a modest population of around 1,600 people.  However, you will soon find that they are the nicest 1,600 people you have ever met.  Even though their are only a few that can call themselves locals, Cannon Beach is a buzz of activity as an estimated 750,000 people visit this area annually.  It takes a lot of rooms to accommodate this many visitors and the Cannon Beach vacation rental market has answered the demand.  With a little planning you will find a vacation rental homes with wonderful views and amenities. 
Experience Cannon Beach
Cannon Beach is certainly a vacation and an experience.  The City of Cannon Beach is distinctive in both beauty and the diversity of its surrounding natural environment. From its stunning beaches and lush forest to the gigantic monolith known as Haystack Rock.  This enormous rock is an icon for Cannon Beach and the setting for thousands of photo opportunities.  These monoliths litter the Oregon Coastline but the monolith off the coast of Cannon Beach seems to have been perfectly placed.  Haystack Rock is a monument that has long defined Cannon Beach along the Oregon Coast. Haystack Rock is an igneous monolith that has an elevation of 235 feet, and is usually accessible at low tide. There is a small cave that can be seen from the coastline. The Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge protects haystack as a marine sanctuary. Near Haystack Rock there are also two tall rocks climbing straight out of the water known as the Needles.
A Brief Cannon Beach History
Cannon Beach was formerly named Ecola, after the creek that empties into the Pacific Ocean just to the north of the Cannon Beach. In 1922 it was renamed Cannon Beach after the name of one of  the beaches that extends south of Ecola creek ending at Arch Cape.
Additional Cannon Beach Activities
Cannon Beach’s downtown area is filled with small boutiques, art galleries and fine cuisine. Chain stores have been discouraged from building in Cannon Beach in order to preserve the local economy and small town atmosphere. Hemlock Street is the main road through Cannon Beach and runs from the north end of town to the south past Tolovana Park. Both ends of Hemlock connect to Route 101.  If you travel to Cannon Beach bring your sense of adventure and be prepared for a return visit.  Very few visitor travel to the Oregon Coast just once as the beauty and ocean air will call you back. 
See one of our Cannon Beach Featured Homes .
The Vacation Bug Inc.
188 W. Van Buren St.
Cannon Beach , OR , 97145
work: (503) 664-1924
 
