Friday: Beach and/or Rock
Chet relaxed. It was a Wednesday. He didn’t even know what a yurt was.
He tapped gently the door with three fingers and walked into the classroom. It was packed, maybe 40 students. They all resembled members of indie rock bands or employees at farmer’s markets. Three sat on a couch and a couple others reclined in bean bag chairs. One was practicing yoga. A mobile of a driftwood Christmas tree rotated above the room.
A dog emerged from under a desk and limped toward Chet. He recognized it as a husky. She wore a black patch over her left eye and had the ragged appearance of being recently mauled. She sat down in front of Chet and raised her right paw up and down to him. He didn’t know what to do. It almost seemed like the dog wanted the umbrella.
Chet looked around the room. Record albums and maps of Oregon hung on the walls. He saw spotlights, a guitar amp, and musical instruments stashed in shelves next to crayons, markers and a dozen craft glue guns. Wrapped around the sprinkler system was old fishing gear: crab pots, ropes, floats, buoy markers, hooks, line, cable, poles. The room smelled like it was out to sea.
Everyone was writing, even the yoga kid. When they all saw Chet they stopped in unison and locked eyes upon him, then the umbrella. He waited for what seemed like an hour until a figure stood up from the couch. He held a journal in his left hand and a pen in the right. He was unshaven, longhaired, and wore brown cords and a green wool sport coat full of holes. There was dog fur all over him.
“My name is Mr. Love and my husky’s name is Mr. Figgs.” The figure shifted the pen to his left hand and reached out his right.
Chet shook his hand. “I’m a new student. Chet.” He paused for a moment. “What happened to your dog?
“He tangled with a developer who was illegally filling in a wetland but I assure you Mr. Figgs got the best of him. “Where’d you transfer from?
“Nebraska.”
Laughter exploded from every nook and cranny of the room, the floor, the ceiling. It nearly knocked Chet off his feet.
“Nebraska!” Mr. Love roared. “Oh Chet, you have been luckily delivered from the golden eared evil. Welcome to Oregon! Class, let’s welcome Chet! He no longer has to stare at cornfields!”
The class gave a hearty applause and savage tribal yells. They insulted corn. A few students bowed and made strange deferential gestures with their hands. One girl got up and danced a jig seen at the Oregon County Fair.
“So what did you think of our beaches?’ Mr. Love said.
“I haven’t been yet. I’ve actually never seen the ocean. We just got in a few days ago and found our apartment.”
“Whaaaaaaaaaat?” Mr. Love screamed. “You’ve never seen the ocean?” He spun around to face the class. “Did you hear this sacrilege Oregonians? Chet has never seen the ocean?”
A male student bolted up from his desk, spilling his goblet of tea and Lord of the Rings figurines he played with every day. He screamed: “This will not stand! To the beach! Take him now! Bring wood, oil, salmon and rock!”
The students all jumped up from their desks and enveloped Chet. A girl snatched the umbrella from his hand and snapped it in two over her knee. Then Mr. Figgs began savagely biting the umbrella, shredding it to smithereens. Another girl ran up to Chet and sunk her teeth in his bottle of water, puncturing it. She then grabbed it and flung it away.
Seconds later Chet felt himself gliding through the door, into the hall, into the parking lot, into the back seat of a generic American sedan streaked inside and outside with mold and decorated every inch with stickers advertising every city, town and kitsch tourist attraction in Oregon.
Rain started falling and some of the seniors began to dance with Mr. Figgs, scream to the sky, and smear rain into their hair and faces. Mr. Love was somewhere; Chet could hear him commanding this senior to carpool with that senior and where they should rendezvous. It sounded like they were going into battle.
Chet was sandwiched between two girls and three more girls rode in the front seat. They all wore their hair in ponytails and smelled like salt, pine cones and wood smoke. The sedan’s engine chugged to life, some weird guitar music came on, and the driver eased the sedan onto the road. Suddenly, all the windows powered down, the rains splashed in, and all the girls started singing, something about how much they hated clearcuts and shopping malls. One of them pulled out a Thermos and poured herself a mug of green tea. She offered Chet a sip but he declined.
As the sedan rumbled along, Chet turned around and saw seven vehicles, 10 bicycles and one runner in pursuit. The runner was wearing only a loin cloth. The procession passed the main entrance to the high school and the campus monitor stood on a bench pumping his right arm up and down. The principal was there too. He saluted.
A few seconds later, the convoy came to an abrupt stop and Chet saw Mr. Love race across the street, pick up two plastic bottles that littered the sidewalk, toss them in his truck, and then they were moving again.
“You have to put this blindfold on,” a girl said as she handed Chet a tie-dyed bandanna. “Mr. Love insists.”
He complied wordlessly.
Five minutes later the sedan stopped. “Wait here for a few minutes,” said a girl. He was alone.
Chet heard something he’d never heard before and it sounded huge. He also smelled something new and it filled his nose and lungs.
“You can take the blindfold off now Chet,” said Mr. Love. “Welcome to Nye Beach. C’mon, get out. Let’s go. It’s time you started living a real Oregon life.”
Chet exited the sedan. It began to rain harder. The students and Mr. Figgs had formed a gauntlet from the parking lot down to the beach. Chet entered and received pats on the back and howls and cries of encouragement as he walked through. Smoked salmon and huckleberries were forced into his mouth. Halfway down the gauntlet Chet felt himself being picked up, turned on his back, hoisted to the sky. Four boys carried him to the beach and Chet heard a surf guitar riff reverberate through an amp.
The boys stood Chet up on the sand and removed his shoes. He saw a dozen seniors holding hands and dancing around a massive bonfire of pallets. They all sang. One boy walked on coals. Three girls played hackey sack with Mr. Figgs. Mr. Love wrote in a journal. The rain began to fall even harder and the fire spit and hissed in response. Chet turned around and beheld the gray sky and the black water and the white waves and started walking toward them. They appeared as the most beautiful Christmas present Chet had ever received and there wasn’t a trace of blue anywhere.
Here comes the rain again
[Posted Dec. 7, 2011]
The hard rain has arrived on the Oregon Coast and only the weaklings let it stop them from hitting the beach. Don’t be one of them.
I remember a day last spring when I almost let the rain defeat me. It was Thursday morning, March 31, 2011, the day that would eventually conclude the second wettest March in Newport since instruments have measured depressing records of this kind. I peered out the window of my Newport High School classroom, saw rain falling for the 31st day in a row, and immediately thought of one Ken Kesey’s immortal riffs about rain from “Sometimes a Great Notion.” Set on the Oregon Coast, it is undoubtedly the greatest novel about rain in the history of world literature:
“…there is solace and certain stoical peace in blaming everything on the rain, and then blaming something as uncontrollable as the rain on something as indifferent as the Arm of the Lord.”
That morning in the classroom, my patience with the rain hung by the thinnest of cobwebs. As I stared out the window, I schemed how to motivate my listless and intellectually waterlogged students. Soon, they would start streaming in, with pale, vacant faces resembling prisoners of war and moisture visibly evaporating from their clothing.
I was particularly concerned with the photography class. They hadn’t gone outside in a month to shoot photographs and were sick of learning new Photoshop tricks. I suspected they were going insane. Stasis had them gripped tight. I thought to myself: we’ve got to move. So we did, into the deluge, which is exactly what you must do in these dark winter months, if you want to survive.
In my 14 years residing at the Oregon Coast, which means I’ve endured roughly 720 inches of rain, I’ve learned a thing or two about the rain and how to master it for my own purposes, ranging from the romantic to the creative to the curricular to the spiritual.
What you must first do is get out into the rain. Take it on! And never use an umbrella because who doesn’t want to feel rain on your face, or better yet, see it run down the face of someone you love? When a big storm hits and the hard rain slants in six different directions, go to the beach with the dog and watch the collisions in the ocean. I find it one of the most primal scenes a person can experience and typically never encounter another human who might taint the awesome privacy of the moment. Bringing a partner or date along is acceptable.
I also suggest grabbing a waterproof camera, or wrapping one in plastic, and making art. Rain has an astonishingly simple and moving beauty that truly comes alive when captured on film. I never really considered gray a beautiful color until I started photographing rain.
Fourth period rolled around and in trudged the photography students. I told them to gather around the whiteboard where I wrote the fatal statistics: 14 inches of rain during the last 30 days, double the average amount, a record for March. Four inches had fallen in the last several days. They groaned and looked not so discretely to their cell phones for deliverance.
“We are going to war against the rain,” I said. “We are hard-core Oregonians, so get me the best rain shots in the history of photography. I’ve got 20 bucks for the best image. I want spouts, gutters, puddles, drops, hair, windows, dogs, feet. I don’t care. I want to see rain like I’ve never seen before. Teach me about it!”
“Now get your cameras and hit the rain!” I yelled. The students roared in delight and geared up in seconds. I probably should have cranked up Eric Clapton’s “Let it Rain” to send us into battle, but I was the first one out the door, with two cameras slung around my neck and one stuffed in my pocket.
Thirty minutes later, we sat soaked in my darkened musty classroom, watching a slide show of stunning and wholly original black and white photographs taken around campus. Lily earned first prize with a self portrait shot of rain drops dangling off her fingers. I’ll never forget this image as long as I live.
It’s probably raining right now as you read this. Get up and get out into it! You can win.
Vicissitudes and rallying
[Posted Nov. 22, 2011]
I can’t begin to describe the ways I got my ass kicked teaching at Newport High School a while back. I honestly felt like quitting. Thank God I didn’t pick up the copy of Jack Kerouac’s “On The Road” that rests in the bookshelf near my desk at school, and read a random paragraph. Had I done so, I might have handed in my resignation and bought a van. It probably was also a good thing that I once fought back from a 0-6, 0-5, love-40 score in a high school tennis match and won. I really don’t know how to quit, although I am pretty good at recognizing when endings have arrived.
What a week. Actually, only four days. “Vicissitudes” wasn’t one of the weekly vocabulary words for my Honors Senior English class, but perhaps I should have added it to the list, because this excellent and mysterious noun perfectly captured my experience. Definition: “A change of circumstances or fortune, typically one that is unwelcome or unpleasant.” I surfed a monster wave of vicissitudes all week and I surfed badly. In fact, I wiped out a lot and several sharks bit chunks out of me.
Years ago my father, a master teacher of 40 years, told me: “When lessons or interactions go sour in the classroom, good teachers have to rally. They have no other choice. Otherwise, get out.”
Have you ever experienced a teacher who didn’t rally but remained in the classroom? For a long, self-entitled time? It is one of the sorriest sights in American professional life and I will never become one.
I must have walked 50 miles that week, replaying my blunders and trying to conjure corrections. One day I went to the beach three separate times after school and let the ocean annihilate all the secondguessing. Then I let it create existential momentum for a rally. The aging husky Sonny and several neighborhood dogs lost a lot of weight during this time. I dropped seven pounds.
Where to begin?
Lazy writing, meaning mediocre instruction from me. Writing done while playing video games, trolling on Facebook or texting. Deadlines missed. Phony excuses made. Outright lies. Drama factories working overtime. Sloppy journalism, meaning sloppy teaching from me. Students disappearing, when their fellow members of the news magazine class needed them to follow through. Students unable to take any initiative, meaning I didn’t properly motivate or instruct how to take initiative. High expectations from the teacher, but a poor foundation laid by the teacher to have students fulfill high expectations.
Of course I could go on, but you get the idea. I might also add that the above scenario was for only one class. I teach others.
So I drove Sonny to the beach, and talked aloud to myself. I ranted, harangued, named names, and plotted countermeasures. I’ll confess it right here: the ocean looked especially seductive one balmy evening, with layers of red, purple and orange overhead, congealing into a psychedelic sky of pure and parallel ephemeral beauty that commanded me to strip off all my clothes, and run headlong into the waves with Sonny in pursuit. I dove in, submersed, tasted salt, felt the bottom, emerged, and sprinted back to shore. Sonny howled in approval and danced the best she could.
I put on all my clothes and walked Sonny back to the truck. Rally complete.
 
Ocean Poetry
[Posted Nov. 8, 2011]
A month ago, Newport High School staged a half-day writing festival called Write-A-Palooza, in which students participated in all manner of workshops intended to excite their interest in writing. It almost goes without saying that student excitement for writing has taken a vicious flogging in recent years, because of the mania for state testing. It always makes me laugh (or vomit) when I hear earnest educational professionals who can’t write a lick demand better writing of today’s youth, and not for youth’s sake, but to serve an unsustainable American economy predicated on mindless consumerism.
With Write-A-Palooza, for four hours at least, one day out of the year, we eliminated the indoctrination and punishment associated with writing and let loose our creative passions.
I teach English, journalism and creative writing at the school and taught one Write-A-Poolaza workshop called “Ocean Poetry.” Nearly 40 students crammed in my room and in 40 minutes produced some of the hottest, most original verse on oceans and beaches I’ve ever read. Make no mistake about it: the kids can write, and write well, if a teacher just asks them to write something meaningful.
Below is the list of prompts I dictated to the class to help them get started. Once the students produced their individual poems, I instructed each poet to choose their best line, record it on a poster, and then recite it to the class. I typed up all the best lines and then rearranged and slightly edited them into one super-hard-core Oregon ocean poem that appears after the prompts. I like how it turned out.
Feel free to write your poem in response to the prompts and send it my way.
Pen a poem to the ocean
• Consider these writing prompts
Describe the ocean with three adjectives and one verb.
Ask a question of the ocean.
Answer this question: What can a person learn from the ocean?
Finish this sentence: The ocean sounds/smells like ___.
Finish this sentence: I like the ocean best ___.
Write a sentence of apology to the ocean.
Write a sentence how you will protect the ocean.
Write a sentence or series of fragments that describe(s) the most beautiful thing you’ve ever seen at the ocean.
Write a sentence to your favorite ocean creature.
Write an equation about the ocean.
Write a sentence to someone who has never seen the ocean.
Confess a secret to the ocean.
Make up your own question or sentence about the ocean.
• Now go back and add a color, shape or texture to one of the lines.
• Title the poem.
You are the ultimate flow, interpreting sacrifice and satisfaction.
Green, vast, infinite, intimate.
A beautiful woman polluted yet divine.
You gleam like a mirror.
The clouds feed you and the sun is your spotlight.
The sky moulds with the water in the slate gray of the coming storm.
Colors, colors all around, in the sky, on the ground!
Pinks, purples, reds, and oranges dance across your shimmering surface.
Old friend, I apologize for taking you for granted.
I will forever remember your voice, whispering beneath the fear.
My greatest memories lie within your salty blue waves.
I like you best served cold, angry even.
Some can only imagine your smooth shift from ferocity to breath,
or how to go with the flow,
in the water swaying in and out with your indecisive ways,
not making up your mind endlessly making decisions.
In your forgiving ways, wrap me in your arms and float me along your tunnels.
The grayness of it all
[Posted Oct. 26, 2011]
Gray: Part 1
We looked out to the early evening sky and saw the September light quickly dissolving into the fog; within minutes an army of gray had invaded from the sea and conquered the area with a weapon that cloaked the area in the color of ash.
“Let’s go the beach,” I said. Something in the gray called to me and I knew I was accessing a dream.
She was up for it and downed the last of the red wine. I watched her glide down the steps and pivot in gray cowboy boots. Gray cowboy boots? Something was about to happen and somewhere, a boot maker who spent time on the Oregon Coast and understood the power of gray, dreamed of it.
Seconds later I knifed the truck through the ash and Sonny the husky howled in back.
We took the path to the beach. Sonny led the way but we lost sight of her. Gray, gray, gray everywhere, layered, enveloping, suffusing, tactile. At least a dozen shades stacked up to the horizon. No contrast anywhere. Nothing but grain, like the long lost grain captured on high speed film in the halcyon days before pixels and when America honored its red light darkrooms (mostly in high schools) and the wondrous sensuality created in there. Even a few photographs, too.
She tripped on some rocks and nearly fell into the creek. I steadied her and our feet found the sand. We heard Sonny’s tag jingle jangle and then it disappeared into the sound of the incoming surf. The ocean was 30 feet away but we couldn’t see it. For a moment I thought I should head back to the truck to retrieve the old film Canon and document the gray.
Then I thought better: forget it. Nothing could nail this grain for posterity.
She asked me what was going on. That she didn’t even like the color of gray until now. I said I had never seen anything like it in my life. This claim originated from a man who has witnessed more gray on the beach the last 14 years on the Oregon Coast than anyone alive.
It occurred to me that we had both walked into the grayest night in the history of the Earth since organisms had evolved from creatures of gray into creatures of black and white and their many dangerous human contrasts.
I looked at her, but couldn’t really discern a face, just a vague countenance I had to touch and deserved a painting, if any artist could imagine, let alone paint grays like this.
When we left the house she had blonde hair and wore blue jeans and a white top. Now all of those colors had become heretofore-unseen shades of gray. We headed south, hands on one another, and kept close to the cliff. At times, the surf died inches from our shoes. I can’t remember much of what we said, although the talk was almost exclusively of gray, and in all likelihood ranked as one of the most passionate conversations in the history of the English language on matters concerning gray.
Part 2
As we talked, a little math entered my mind, as in: Beach x gray (to the third power) + cowboy boots + salt air = Use your imagination.
 
Props to parents who don't helicopter
[Posted Oct. 13, 2011]
Sonny the husky and I took the path down to the beach on a late August afternoon. I looked up and saw a nine or 10-year old boy some 50 yards away. He worked diligently at building a dam on the little creek that empties into the ocean and always charms me because it never meanders the same way on consecutive days. A century ago it doubtless had a bountiful run of several species of salmonids. They’re long, long gone, as are other features of American life, like sanity in American politics, and parents who cheerfully give their children some unsupervised breathing room to socialize, acculturate, and well, be alone.
We hit the beach and I looked around for the adult I naturally assumed kept watch over the boy. No one was around. What? Incredible! I couldn’t believe it. Since moving to the Oregon Coast in 1997 and visiting the beaches thousands of times, I’d never seen a kid his age, let alone an adolescent, play alone on the beach. What’s next? Political courage and a balanced federal budget?
The boy must have walked down from a nearby vacation rental. I watched him for a few minutes and he never once went to a phone. Sure, he probably had one stashed in his gear with instruction to text in every five minutes. Nevertheless, he was alone and damming up the creek with gusto.
Sonny and I ambled away. The boy was still on the job when we returned to the path and headed for home.
A few days later Sonny and I hit the beach, again in the afternoon. I came across three kids ranging in age from five to 12, constructing sand castles in the same spot as the dam builder. I looked around and saw their presumed mother sitting on a drift log 25 yards away, fiddling with her phone.
I do not have children and don’t offer any advice here on how to raise them. I have read quite a bit of literature on parenting in recent months that documents the pronounced negative results of children raised by helicoptering parents who schedule, supervise and try to manipulate a positive outcome for every minute of their children’s existence. (An article titled “How to Land Your Kid in Therapy” in the July/August issue of the The Atlantic was superb, devastating.) Limited space here doesn’t allow a complete summary of the documentation, but basically the argument goes like this: excessive supervision of a child doesn’t allow for any dynamic personal growth, proper socialization or unscripted moments that make life such a joy and learning experience. It does, however, tend to build false self-esteem and a fear of initiating things for one’s self. 
Reading this literature prompted me to recollect my glorious days growing up as a kid in Oregon City in the 1970s. My friends and I would spend endless summer days playing sports (no coaches around) or army out in the woods a good (unhelmeted) two or three-mile bike ride from suburbia. Our parents had exactly one rule: home at dusk … if you want to eat. 
When families visited the beach, which wasn’t that often, parents would invariably send the kids down to the beach with materials to make a fire with simple instructions: don’t go in the water and never turn your back on the ocean. Oh, and not too much lighter fluid. We always survived.
I watched the kids build the castles and then I watched the mom watch me. Curiosity overtook me and crossed the creek and approached her. I identified myself as a local writer working on a piece about parenting and wondered if I could ask her a few questions. She said “yes.”
“Would you ever let your kids play alone at the beach?” I said.
What ensued was a probing 15-minute conversation where I admitted I didn’t have kids but taught at Newport High School and felt the greatest quality a student can possess is the ability to think independently and take some original initiative. It surprised me to learn that she had experienced a supervision-free childhood almost exactly like mine and cherished it.
But she hadn’t continued this tradition. Times had changed for the worse. Too many predators about, was her unstated implication.
“I might let the oldest out alone in his own neighborhood, but not here where he’s on unfamiliar ground, and the ocean too.”
A reasonable answer, I thought. I thanked her for her time and candor. Sonny and I continued down the beach. She went back to her phone and the kids played away.  
 
Yet another obsession
Posted Sept. 28, 2011
An obsessive writer does not exclusively obsess about beaches, dogs, and mermaids. If he lets his mind roam, invites his soul, and looks around, he can easily find a new subject that will eventually seize all his literary attention.
My current obsession is bridges — Conde McCullough’s bridges. McCullough, Oregon’s master State Bridge Engineer from 1919 to 1937, built these wonderfully exquisite spans along the Oregon Coast during his career. They have come to define Oregon and received national acclaim. They are as indigenous here as the coho salmon, Sitka Spruce, and mold in the closets of cut-rate motel rooms.
It all began for me several years ago when I moved to Newport and began a daily commute across the Yaquina Bay Bridge, the undisputed crown jewel of McCullough’s legacy, the second-most photographed bridge on the West Coast (behind the Golden Gate).
In short order, I realized my interaction with it was revolutionizing my whole aesthetic and understanding of civic engineering. I dubbed the bridge “The Green Lady” and began photographing her almost every time I drove across, trying desperately to document her distinctive and eccentric art deco flourishes, such as the elegant green arch, beveled columns, obelisks, ornate railing and pedestrian plazas, all distinctive traits of McCullough’s greatest bridges. Later, I started walking across the bridge and digging up wild stories of bridge-related poems, paintings, tattoos, mischief, murder, sexual shenanigans and suicides.
I also did a little historical research and discovered that Oregon opened the Yaquina Bay Bridge in Newport on Labor Day 1936. Built during the New Deal as a PWA (Public Works Administration) project, the Yaquina Bay Bridge has stood magnificently for 75 years as a monument to excellence in architecture and how a partnership between state and federal government in the throes of an economic calamity can produce something practical, beautiful, and lasting. It is nothing less than an Oregon landmark and a powerful reminder of how to build a great bridge.
I practically worship the Yaquina Bay Bridge, but McCullough’s other subtle masterpieces along Hwy. 101 beguile as well: in Astoria over Young’s Bay, Tillamook, Depoe Bay (look underneath), Ten Mile Creek, Florence, Reedsport, Coos Bay, Gold Beach. The little concrete arch bridge across Big Creek in Lane County is another of my favorites.
A final thought about McCullough’s bridges: To really appreciate them, you have to stop your vehicle, get out it, stash the iPod, and inspect these bridges up close. I mean, lay hands on them, listen to the ambience, and read the plaques. Even better still, walk across one. If you do, I highly recommend you choose the Yaquina Bay Bridge. Traversing it on foot is one of the highlights of living in Oregon.
And what better time to walk across it than this Sunday, Oct. 2, 75 years to the day since Oregon officially dedicated the bridge? The police will close the northbound lane for roughly one hour, from noon to 1 p.m., and we all get to walk from the south side to the north, together, to join in the big bridge party under the north approach. The Newport High School marching band will lead the way across the bridge, followed by vintage cars, the roller derby gals, a kid on a unicycle, a girl with a snake, and who knows what else. The more flamboyant the better! For more details check out bridge75.com or the Newport Chamber of Commerce web site. What a glorious Oregon afternoon this will be.
Somewhere, the Rainbow is over
[Posted Sept. 13, “I’m from Monmouth,” said the man, in answer to my question that began our unlikely conversation. He held a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon on a sunny August afternoon near his tepee, erected on my local beach.
I had discovered the tepee earlier on my dawn walk with Sonny the husky and became instantly intrigued with its plain white color and sturdy construction. Over the years I’d encountered many intriguing things at the beach and this tepee, multiple beer cans strewn around it, ranked pretty high on the list — top 20 for sure. Later that afternoon I visited the beach again and ran into the man doing a little groundskeeping around the tepee. I went up to him.
The man appeared anywhere from 40-70 years of age, or OTA, as I call it. Oregon Tavern Age. I think he told me his name was Rick, or perhaps Ed. His maniacal spotted mutt kept playing stick with itself through our entire conversation.
“I came down to Ten Mile Creek (near Cummins Creek Wilderness Area in Lane Country on the central Coast) looking for the Rainbow Family Gathering.”
“The Rainbow Family on the Oregon Coast!” I screamed. “You’re kidding? Where’d you hear that?”
“Rumors, so I came down this way. Didn’t find it.”
I didn’t have the heart to tell him that the Rainbow Family Gathering for 2011 had already occurred, in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in Washington, six weeks ago.
For those readers unacquainted with the incredible history of the Rainbow Family, which had its hazy genesis at Vortex I, the 1970 free and legendary Oregon rock festival held outside Estacada, you really have missed out on a unique American counterculture tale. (Do not consult the Wikipedia entry on the Rainbow Family — it is one lie and distortion after another.)
To sum it up: every year thousands of decidedly groovy spiritual seekers and temporary and permanent cultural dropouts somehow receive word to camp out somewhere on federal land (usually in the Western United States) and never bother obtaining a permit from the government. They practically invented the leave-no-trace-behind ethic for camping and offer a completely different (conservative?) model on how to live properly and treat the Earth with much a much more elevated principle than the current rapacious one destroying the planet.
I asked the man a few questions about the tepee and he gave me a primer on how to cure the poles and erect a tepee, inebriated, in the black of night, in such a way that it could withstand some hard Oregon rain. I also asked if he planned on staying at the beach for an extended stay. “No, I’ve got to get back to my garden,” he said with a smile. He may have even winked.
Right. Sure, the garden, and all its important “plants” growing in the fertile Willamette Valley soil to relieve pain. I got it. Every sentient Oregonian gets it except the Governor, the Oregon Legislature and most, but (thankfully) not all, members of state law enforcement agencies.
“Have a great day,” I said, and Sonny and I cruised south down the sand.
The next morning I returned at dawn with Sonny and took some photographs of the tepee. The man’s campfire smoldered and I noticed cans of Pabst and Rolling Rock neatly stashed away on some nearby rocks, waiting to be redeemed for a quintessential Oregon deposit and more cans of Pabst and Rolling Rock.
I thought: tending garden all day in the hot sun sure works up a mighty mean thirst. Kind of painful too, for an OTA man with creaky joints and a rusty existential compass. I’m sure he’ll need some relief and I’m sure he has it right at hand.
Fact or fiction?
Hark! The bark holds a sign of love
[Published Aug. 19, 2011]
Not too long ago, on one of my early morning jaunts with my husky down Ona Beach, south of Newport, I took my usual path through the dunes to inspect the eccentric driftwood shanties and sculptures often erected there. These original structures never last very long but always leave an inspiring impression, which always suggests to me a dynamic way to live. Tread lightly and swiftly with fresh distinction.
I ambled along and watched the avian comings and goings of the Beaver Creek estuary, always an intriguing show that invariably features some odd bird putting in a cameo. The husky lagged behind and sniffed at the remains of a makeshift camp site recently populated by miscreants, meaning those who drink terrible, land-locked, Midwestern lagers and leave behind their empties and other trash. (Note: I have never seen a discarded Oregon microbrew bottle littering an Oregon beach.)
Something came into view and I approached it from the rear: a 3-foot long piece of bleached bark suspended between two 5-foot driftwood poles, sunk in the sand. It was held up by twine, attached to another piece of driftwood parallel to the bark and also fastened by twine to the poles. A glass bottle dangled off one end of the installation. I gave one of the poles a little kick and it didn’t budge. Someone had built well, with resolve. That person had also, quite obviously, used materials washed ashore, at hand, free, unique — another good lesson on how to live or make art, I thought.
I walked around to the front of the installation and beheld the smooth surface of the inner bark. It was a sign, written with a black marker, possibly a lighter. It read: I Love You Kat.
Who is Kat? Who made the sign? Did Kat ever see it? Are two people still together or were they never together? What is the love story here? It’s a mystery. I want to know because ascertaining the truth of these matters occasionally animates my life in the right direction, when it comes to matters of love.
I gave the sign a closer inspection. My mind halfheartedly conjured many entertaining scenarios of its provenance. I say halfheartedly because I primarily write non-fiction, enjoy reporting and documentation, and have a difficult time inventing characters, motivations, and details, unlike, say, a lot of other prominent memoirists and tabloid sleaze merchants.
Of course, fiction has its role here. Some writers would argue the major role. We can’t know everything and imagining the “I Love You Kat” story can perhaps serve as an even richer animating experience than knowing the hard facts of the relationship. That’s why people write and read novels and watch endless romantic comedies. As Susan Sontag had one of her characters in a novel say, “What is the point of telling stories if not to stir up the longing everyone harbors for an alternate life?”
Typically, reporting the truth doesn’t allow for this. Maybe Kat’s paramour longs for an alternative ending to his story with her (or him?). I won’t ever know unless the sign’s maker miraculously reads this and contacts me with a desire to share. If that happens, I guarantee the truth of this story will turn out far better than any piece of fiction about it.
Several days later Sonny and I returned to Ona at dawn to begin our Sunday. Love was on my mind. I meandered over to the installation and found it broken up and the glass bottle gone. I quickly refastened the sign to the poles, fortified the installation against the miscreants, and then added something legible of my own to the project. I wanted to add more mystery to anyone who might encounter it.
It might still be there.
Sorry, Charley
There’s still some truth in non-fiction
[Posted Aug. 30, 2011]
[ Learn more about Matt.]
In this column, I’d like to digress somewhat from my usual subject matter and discuss the most important principle underlying “One Man’s Beach.” That principle is: I never make anything up. And yes, a while back, I really did see a long-haired, bare-breasted woman (mermaid) nestled in the riprap.
In 1960, an ailing, 60-year old John Steinbeck had a specially-constructed camper built onto the back of a pickup truck (one of the first RVs of its kind), dubbed it Rocinante after Don Quixote’s nag and took to the road. His French poodle Charley rode shotgun and the literary result was “Travels with Charley,” the greatest dog book of all time and a fascinating glimpse at America, then beginning a rapid descent into cultural homogeneity brought about by the Interstate Highway System and the concomitant rise of chain stores. The book became a huge bestseller, a staple of high school English classes, a definitive model for travel writing, and Steinbeck’s final contribution to American literature.
I’ve read the book at least a half dozen times and worship it for many reasons. Chief among them is Steinbeck’s anguished description of blowing out a tire on the Oregon Coast on a rainy Sunday, and how an elderly and laconic garage owner improbably rescues him and sets him up with new tires. Steinbeck never mentions the name of the town with three or four service stations, “…we came to a damp little shut-up town whose name escapes me because I never learned it.” Initially, I thought it was Lincoln City, but after my last reading, I believe Steinbeck broke down in Tillamook.
As I said, I worship “Travels with Charley” and thus it shocked and saddened me to learn this spring that Steinbeck apparently fabricated many of the scenes in the book. According to Bill Steigerwald, a journalist who retraced much of Rocinante’s route and consulted an earlier draft of the book, and Bill Barich, author of “Long Way Home: On The Trail of Steinbeck’s America,” Steinbeck spent most nights not in the camper, but in motels, even luxury hotels! He failed to mention that his wife accompanied him for many stretches. And there was also the little matter of inventing characters and making up dialogue to impart his political views of American life. I mean, did Steinbeck even bring along Charley?
Learning the truth about “Travels with Charley” truly depressed me. I don’t like discovering I’ve been duped by something I’ve read. The experience prompted me to think about how I approach my non-fiction subjects, such as what I witness during my habitual visits to Oregon’s publicly owned beaches. I could have easily made up all kinds of untraceable fantastic stories about what I see and get even wilder columns than the ones I produce.
That’s called lying and the result is the self-aggrandizement of the writer who couldn’t get the real goods and the perpetration of intellectual and emotional fraud against the reader. I find fabrication or embellishment in non-fiction unseemly, desperate, and ultimately dispiriting and crippling to the writer. The fraud may never come out, but I like to believe it will burrow its way into a phony writer like a pathogen and inflict damage in one way or another.
What really happened to Steinbeck on the Oregon Coast? Did he get drunk with a young Ken Kesey in a Florence bar full of loggers? Did he marvel at the sinuous green steel of the Yaquina Bay Bridge? Did he check out the beach at Oswald West State Park? Did he even get a flat tire in Tillamook? I want to know and I’ll never know.
I guess I’ll forgive Steinbeck for his transgressions because I still love his fiction, especially “Cannery Row,” for the discussion of progressive ideals and working class people he gave voices to — something practically vanished from American fiction these days. And I guess I still love “Travels with Charley” because of the dog and the camper and hitting the road to discover something about one’s self. And, well, years ago, as a direct result of reading “Travels with Charley” at a critical juncture in my life, I bought a camper, rigged it up, drove the endless Alaska Highway with Ray my trusty shepherd by my side, all in an attempt to become a writer. Things didn’t work out so well, but I got one of my favorite pieces of non-fiction writing about the experience. (You can read it on one of my Facebook page notes at < http://www.facebook.com/people/Matt-Love/735838324 .)
By the way, I didn’t make up a single thing, like I never do with this column.
A plea for Divine arbitration
[Posted Aug. 2, 2011]
Dear Supreme Being:
I  want to thank you for successfully intervening and settling the labor  dispute between the players and owners of the National Football League.  To the great relief of millions, the biggest sporting enterprise in  American civilization will unfold this fall and once again spectacularly  conclude with that quintessential American orgy of violence, fanaticism  and commercialism known as the Super Bowl.
Yes, thank you! Imagine  the cultural revolution that would have ensued had the labor dispute  cancelled the season. The average (overweight) American man would’ve had  nothing to do on Sunday afternoon, Monday night, and the occasional  Thursday and Friday evenings, and thus, they could have entertained some  cultural options. They could talk to their wives or girlfriends or  boyfriends. They could even have sex with them. They could play with  their children or walk their dogs. They could do some home improvement.  They could read literature or volunteer at the food bank. 
Or,  heaven forbid, they could’ve brought their wives, girlfriends,  boyfriends, children and dogs, and visited the Oregon Coast beaches,  where I would’ve invariably suffered their presence and their umbrellas  and cell phone use. You see, I have a real phobia of encountering other  humans on the beach (which is why I usually go at 5:30 a.m.) because I  don’t want to have to deal with all their attendant neuroses. I have my  own to work through.
Supreme Being, quite naturally you recognize  the true nature of my appreciation: no pro football = more humans on the  beach. More people on the beach = an irritated recluse. Thus, I can’t  say it enough. Thank you!
But ... although I hate to seem ungracious, I need a bit more from you. More intervention.
The  NBA season looks imperiled so please help out there. Moreover, I keep  waiting for Oregonians to suddenly wake up and confront the  academic-free zone lucrative sham that is big-time college football,  which, should that happen, might compel Oregonians not to follow the  fortunes of UO and OSU football. If that happens, humans might decide to  turn off the TV and come to the beach.
I can’t have that.
The  more the bread, circuses and concussions in American culture, the less  chance humans will appear on Oregon’s ocean beaches and pollute the  moment for me. Supreme Being, please continue to assist me on this  account and I will forever serve you.
Thoughts on the writing life
[Posted July 19, 2011]
Over  the last decade, I’ve given nearly 350 presentations about my books and  various other Oregon literary/historical topics. Traveling all over the  state, I’ve gigged at bars, barns, bookstores, galleries, coffee shops,  theaters, utility closets, fairs, fields, parties, prisons, libraries,  parks and historical museums. I’ve met thousands of fantastic Oregonians  who have responded enthusiastically to my personal, somewhat eccentric  approach to telling Oregon stories. At the conclusion of these events,  certain audience members, aspiring writers I presume, invariably ask  some or all of the following questions:
1. Where do you get your writing ideas?
2. Who or what is your muse?
3. What’s your writing process?
4. How do you cope with literary rejection?
5. What’s your best piece of advice for aspiring writers?
6. What’s the secret to your success?
7. What type of writing workshop or group do you recommend?
8. Do you think you would have become a writer without the beach?
Generally,  I believe no formula exists for becoming a writer although bookstores  and the Internet are crammed with how-to guides that preach otherwise.  Nevertheless, the audience wants answers so here’s generally what I say:
1) Beach (Best place to think. No distractions. I never use the phone or listen to music there.)
2)  Beach (She calls to me two or three times a day. We meet on the sand.  There is no cigarette afterward, and then I get to work.)
3) Beach  (Go to beach and write the openings of pieces in my head. Walk until  they are perfect. Then sit down to the computer and type away. I never  stare at a screen without knowing what I’m going to write first.)
4)  Beach (I would have quit writing along time ago if I didn’t have the  ocean to annihilate my angst and ego after receiving rejection after  rejection from mainstream publications and publishers. The old sound of  the ocean helps me start anew every time I hear it.)
5) Beach (As in, go to it all the time and think about what you want to write instead of wasting time inhaling popular culture.)
6)  Beach (Making the time to write, which means going to the beach all the  time, which is my preparation to write. Weather doesn’t matter.)
7)  Beach (It’s totally free, in Oregon at least, and you won’t ever have to  endure the one narcissistic lunatic who typically ruins a writing  workshop or group.)
8) No. One man’s desert? One man’s mountain? It  would have never happened for me without the beach, Oregon’s  publicly-owned beaches, preserved in the manner they have been for all  those years, until I came along to discover them in my 30s, when I moved  to the Oregon Coast some 15 years ago.
A McCall to arms
Teaching Oregon’s more recent history
[Posted July 5, 2011]
In  1974, The New Yorker magazine published a 6,000-word article about  Oregon’s unprecedented governing initiatives under the leadership of  departing Republican Gov. Tom McCall, then near the end of his second  and final four-year term in office.
McCall called the initiatives,  collectively, The Oregon Story. In the article, McCall described The  Oregon Story as one of “innovation and regeneration that can actually be  used anywhere. We’re trying to export the hope and the formula.”
By  1974, Oregon could boast of many recent political innovations, most of  them nationwide firsts: protection of ocean beaches from privatization  and development, a law dedicating one-percent of highway funds for  bicycle and pedestrian paths, a mandatory 5-cent deposit on returnable  cans and bottles, an effort to clean up the polluted Willamette River,  visionary land use planning to preserve farm and forestland, a forest  practices act, and an astonishing level of voluntary energy conservation  promoted by state government.
Everyone who has ever spent any time  in Oregon and walked on an ocean beach has benefited from the bold  bipartisan political initiatives achieved during the McCall era. In  effect, these initiatives led Oregon to become, within a generation, one  of the most desirable places to live in the country.
Older  generations of Oregonians certainly remember the importance of Tom  McCall and The Oregon Story. But what about Oregon’s schoolchildren? Do  they know the story of Tom McCall and why they get to play on the  beaches for free? Or ride their bikes on dedicated bike paths? A  curriculum that teaches about Tom McCall’s leadership and The Oregon  Story is long overdue for Oregon schoolchildren.
That day has  finally arrived and it behooves all Oregon elementary and secondary  teachers to investigate how to integrate an exciting new (and free!)  online multi-media curriculum called “Tom McCall: A Better Oregon,” into  their classrooms. I’ve taught social studies and language arts for 14  years in Oregon public schools and declare it by far the best teaching  resource on modern Oregon history and politics that I’ve ever  encountered.
Compiled by Marilyn Walster and hosted by the Oregon  Historical Society, “Tom McCall: A Better Oregon”  (www.ohs.org/education/tom-mccall-better-oregon/) has study units,  lesson plans tied to state standards, audio, slide shows and video.
My  favorite section of the curriculum is the compilation of fantastic  McCall quotes, including my favorite: “Oregon is demure and lovely, and  it ought to play a little hard to get. And I think you’ll be just as  sick as I am if you find it is nothing but a hungry hussy, throwing  herself at every stinking smokestack that’s offered.”
Does any Oregon politician feel that way anymore, let alone say it publicly?
The  goal of the curriculum is to educate students about their personal  connection to Tom McCall and The Oregon Story and inspire them to design  and implement community service projects that protect its legacy. I was  so motivated that I had my journalism and photography students at  Newport High School produce a 32-page magazine called “Sandtuary” that  extols the virtues of Oregon’s unique heritage of publicly-owned  beaches. We distributed 3,000 copies of it and received marvelous  feedback from readers, many of whom had never heard of Tom McCall or the  1967 Beach Bill he signed into law.
I urge all Oregon teachers to  spend some time on the site and think about how to teach about McCall  next year. At the very least you will educate yourself about a special  politician who unequivocally made your life better. He might also be the  very reason you moved to Oregon.
Time to take the dog for a walk
[Posted May 25, 2011]
Dogs.  Dogs. Dogs. I love them all. They seem to have accompanied me during  most of the sublimely perfect private moments of my life. I can’t  imagine not having one with me at the beach. I wouldn’t know how to  walk.
In my 14 years living on the Oregon Coast, I have successfully  rescued seven out of 11 stray dogs. I adopted two and would need a book  to describe the ways I benefitted from the experience of walking  approximately 10,000 miles (mostly on Oregon’s beaches) with my canine  friends. Wait! I did write a book on the subject! I hope it comes out  one day, but really, one has to wonder if the literary world needs the  publication of yet another dog book. 
Perhaps what the world needs is a book about terrible dog owners.
I  love dogs, but loathe the very existence of some of their owners and  lately these people seem right in my face. They neglect, they abuse,  they scream, they chain, they forget that puppies grow up. They prefer  watching television or trolling the internet instead of interacting with  their pets. And some of their kids are even worse. It just dumbfounds  me to see a family with grade school children and a dog, yet the kids  never bother to walk the dog, or even play with it. My childhood dog, a  beagle named Tex, was my best friend and we walked everywhere together. I  am talking miles and miles around Oregon City in the 70s.
Just  think what these dog owners miss by not daily venturing out into their  local communities and natural places. They might talk to a neighbor or  see a bald eagle. They might discover the meaning of life. They might  even fall in love. The stuff I’ve witnessed walking Oregon’s  publicly-owned beaches at all hours in all weather with my dogs  transformed me spiritually and aesthetically. That wouldn’t have  happened without my dogs because I never really walked anywhere until I  got them.
If you are one of the terrible dog owners, then I am  calling you out — meaning outside. Grab the leash and hit the streets,  fields, or woods or beach. A mere 30 minutes a day will measurably  improve your dog’s disposition not to mention your mental and physical  health.
An hour a day might revolutionize your whole soul. It  happens. I’ll never forget how, when I first rescued Ray (my dearly  departed shepherd), he would come to the bed or couch whenever I felt  waylaid by depression or existential uncertainty, and keep grunting  until I got up and took him to the beach. He would not take “no” for an  answer. By the way, he despised television when I had it a decade ago,  and would actually leave the room when it came on.
And because for  some reason I could not refuse Ray’s entreaty to take him for a walk, my  whole life changed. For one thing, at that point in my life, at 35  years of age, I hadn’t written a word for publication and didn’t know  who I really was.
Walking my dog changed all that. It might help you  too. And if you don’t have a dog and can’t assume that responsibility,  walk the neighbor’s dog even if the neighbor regularly walks the dog. I  do that all the time.
Don't be a number
[Posted May 11, 2011]
A  couple of weeks ago I found myself sitting on the beach, leaning  against a driftwood log, and admiring the sun-soaked scenery: families  fishing from a jetty, dogs romping to and fro, a couple of paddle  surfers trying to catch a wave, an elderly woman hunting for treasures,  and an unsupervised kid digging a hole to China.
I whipped out my  trusty spiral notebook and pulled a pen from my pocket. I pledged I  would write the first thing that came to mind — Bob Seger.
Yes, that  Bob Seger, the meat-and-potatoes heartland rocker with a string of  classic 70s/80s hits about the agonies and ecstasies of living in a  small town and not succumbing to its provincialism. I hadn’t thought of  Seger in decades, but recently a teaching colleague burned a greatest  hits CD for me, and after listening to nothing but Seger for a couple of  days of driving around Newport, I think I really heard him for the  first time. And it tasted good.
One song in particular, “Feel Like a Number,” seized me and I can’t get one stanza out of my head:
I’m just another statistic on a sheet
To teachers I’m just another child
To IRS I’m just another file
I’m just another consensus on the street
…and I feel like a number
Feel  like a number. My students are numbers, to realtors, talk show hosts,  business tycoons, the state and federal government, and a lot of  administrators (although not mine). Feel like a number also concisely  summarizes the way many students view themselves as the result of our  diabolical educational testing culture that I find myself enmeshed in at  Newport High School where I teach English, journalism, and rock ’n’ roll.
So what can a teacher who loathes standardized testing do? In  my nearly 20 years of teaching some 25 different subjects at eight  different schools, I have formulated a personal teaching philosophy (not  a paradigm) that keeps me sane, lively in the trade, and that I like to  believe undermines the insidious regurgitation demanded by the testing  establishment. It all comes down to this: provide students with multiple  creative opportunities to not feel like a number in service to the  state: poetry slams, rock festivals, open mics, photography, memoirs,  literary reviews, reporting, saving animals, and plenty of hard core  Oregon field trips, including the beach as much as possible.
In “Feel Like a Number” Seger sings another stanza that also connected to me:
Gonna cruise out of this city
Head down to the sea
Gonna shout out at the ocean
Hey it’s me!
Hey,  who said meat-and-potatoes rock ’n’ roll didn’t tell the truth? My  daily visits to the ocean fire me up to have my voice heard. I recommend  this sort of daily “shout out” to my students and I tell them it  doesn’t really matter if their voices emanate from a chorus, quartet,  duet, or solo performance. It only needs to sound honest, never a false  noise manufactured by the media or spiritual charlatans, and announce as  affirmation: “I’m not a number!”
Then I suggest to them, go out and do something about it.
Cruller muller: To confront donut-shop adversaries?
[Posted April 27, 2011]
My  Monday morning began at the ocean and I listened in the darkness. What I  heard — what I always hear — sounded infinitely more interesting that  any sound generated by the National Entertainment State, as Gore Vidal  memorably described it many years ago when there were basically five  channels on TV and you rented a rotary phone from Ma Bell.
But to  hear the ocean, you have to go to the ocean and you have to listen, and  also remember that the old sound of the ocean does not emanate from an  echo chamber, and neither for that matter, does knowledge, experience,  or truth. All these things come from listening and never listening to  the National Entertainment State.
On a furlough day from my job at  Newport High School because of budget cuts, I cruised north up Hwy. 101.  It was 5:30 in the morning and rain slanted against the truck.  Destination: the Oregon State Penitentiary in Salem to teach another  workshop to Penned Thoughts, an inmate writing group. They invited me  back and I was honored to return and discuss their essays generated from  my earlier visit in October.
Traffic was nonexistent except for a  plodding late-model sedan half wrapped in plastic and duct tape. I  rolled into a coastal town and made my way to an establishment for drip  coffee and a table to edit the last of the essays.
I walked in and  saw four senior citizens, sitting around drinking coffee. I placed my  order and I took a seat near the quartet. Out came the essays and a pen,  but within seconds I stopped editing, started eavesdropping and taking  down comments issued from the quartet’s apparent ringleader.
“Same  sex marriage is a perversion. The kids today don’t know anything. They  know nothing of art. When I was in school, two percent had sex. Now it’s  90. All teachers are mostly twits. I have no use for them.”
And so on until I stopped writing.
Two  hours later I sat with the eight men of Penned Thoughts assembled  around folding tables in the Oregon State Penitentiary’s chapel library.  I told the group of my encounter in the establishment and asked them  what they might have done in my shoes. Not every inmate spoke up, but  the ones who did felt I was right to say nothing and walk away. It  wasn’t the right time or place to confront an adversary.
That word “adversary” stuck in my mind. How do you engage your adversaries in  thoughtful action? The great Oregon poet William Stafford once wrote, “Justice will take a million little moves.” I needed to make a move in  that direction. But so often, the purveyor of these critical moves must  act swiftly, spontaneously, on instinct. I was dead that morning.
I  taught the rest of the workshop and the group wrote well. I didn’t want  to leave, quite possibly because I was assisting the men engaging their  inner adversaries in thoughtful action through a quiet and echoless  process that only writing the plain truth provides.
As I gathered up  my papers to leave the chapel, one of the inmates slipped a piece of  paper in my front pocket. He told me it was his suggestion on how to  engage the men in the donut shop. I read it when I got back to the  truck.
“Next time maybe you could briefly say something, then go to  the waitress and buy their coffee or breakfast and not let them know it.  That might make an impact.”
I drove home in silence — no music. The  rain never let up. I wanted only to get to the beach, empty my mind,  ramble with the husky, and listen to the ocean. As E. B. White once  wrote, “The sea answers all questions, and always in the same way.”
Several  hours later, I was on the beach, and listening. It took all of five  minutes for me to learn what I would do next time if I encountered an  adversary of the type I overheard in the establishment.
Matt Love  lives in South Beach. “Gimme Refuge: The Education of a Caretaker,” his  memoir of caretaking the Nestucca Bay National Wildlife Refuge, is  available in coastal bookstores or through www.nestuccaspitpress.com. He  can be reached at lovematt100@yahoo.com.
He'll leave you wanting Gilmore
[Posted April 13, 2011]
I  first met Newport resident and man of letters Ed Cameron about a decade  ago on one of my visits to the Nye Beach Writers’ Series events. I  can’t remember the name of the poet who topped the billing that night,  probably because he or she was predictably precious and thus easily  forgettable. But I’ll never forget when Ed Cameron took his turn at the  open mic that followed the main presentation.
Ed read a riveting and  humorous short prose piece about two Cannery Row-type characters who  lived in a Newport flophouse called the Gilmore Hotel during the hazy  loose days of the 1970s. Apparently, each year, an election for the  office of Mayor of Nye Beach was held in the Sandbar, an exquisitely  gritty Nye Beach bar, and one time a dog received the most votes! Who  said democracy doesn’t work?
Did I say something about the Oregon  Coast being hazy and loose in the 1970s? I only wish I could have seen  it for myself. The stories I have heard are simply incredible,  especially the cheap counterculture scene connected to Cannon Beach,  which is as impossible to imagine today as Sting writing another “Roxanne” or a resurrected Tom McCall winning the Republican primary for  governor.
After the reading I made the acquaintance of Ed and we  repaired to the Sandbar. There, with oceans of peanut shells littering  the floor and plenty of updated Steinbeck characters doing their thing, Ed gave me the lowdown on the Gilmore Hotel in its seedy heyday and how  it operates now as the famous Sylvia Beach Hotel, doubtless one the  coolest literary establishments in North America.
Ed also informed  me that he had a major hand in running a little newspaper called the  Gilmore Gazette, which ran from 1981 to 1993, 30 issues total. Ed wrote  articles, contributed many of the cartoons and distributed the Gazette  to the local bars. I asked Ed a lot of questions that evening in the  Sandbar and thought how I would love to read a book about Nye Beach that  shed some light on that funky era.
That book is here, and I declare “Gilmore by the Sea: A Graphic Novel,” by Ed Cameron, the most  entertaining historical work I’ve read about the Oregon Coast, or Oregon  for that matter, in a very long time. And not only entertaining, but  also original in its arresting combination of cartoons and prose. The  man can write and draw!
Although Ed calls the book fiction, he said  his “cartoons and text derive largely from his residency in the Gilmore” so really, we’re talking about what Jack Kerouac used to call his  books: “true life novels.”  It probably all happened and I hope it did.
Ed  plans a publication party for Gilmore by the Sea on Sunday, April 17,  at Newport’s Cafe Mundo. The party runs from 5 to 8 p.m. and features  music and something intriguing called The Nye Beach Literary Festival,  which I gather will mean readings from various poets and writers.
Sounds kind of hazy and loose. I’ll be there.
Waiting for 'the big one'
[Posted March 30, 2011]
Texts started blasting in after 2 a.m. on March 11. Then a call. Then another call.
I  heard them from the bedroom while the phone rested on the kitchen  counter. What the hell was going on? No one communicates with me at this  hour. In all seriousness, I thought either my elderly father had taken  gravely ill or Keith Richards was dead and family or friends had to  inform me.
I got up and read the texts. One after another warned me  about going to the beach for my routine predawn ramble. Something about a  tsunami. I went online and learned the awful truth. An earthquake had  sent up a tsunami that had ripped through part of Japan and caused  unspeakable damage.
There was more. Experts predicted a wave of  unknown size and force would reach Oregon’s coastline at around 7 a.m.  Low-lying coastal residents had to evacuate, but I wasn’t among them  because of my home’s safe elevation.
I went back to bed and wondered  where I would have the best and safest vantage point to watch the  historic big wave come ashore. It all brought to mind the March 27,  1964, Good Friday Earthquake in Alaska. That earthquake measured 8.4 on  the Richter Scale — the most powerful one recorded in North American  history — and the resulting tsunami that smashed into the West Coast  claimed several lives all along the West Coast. After it hit the central  Oregon Coast, the Newport News ran the following story:
Tidal Wave (sic) Leaves Debris Along Coast
The  earthquake which struck Alaska last Friday was felt here with a series  of four tidal waves which caused the death of four members of a family  on an outing to the beach. Dead are four children of Mr. and Mrs. Monty  McKenzie of Tacoma.
The family was spending the night on the beach  near Gleneden Beach north of Depoe Bay. The family was asleep when the  waves hit about midnight, carrying the four children out to sea. One  body was recovered, but the others have not been found. The children  were ages 6, 7, 8 and 9. The family lost one child last year in a fire.
Mr.  and Mrs. McKenzie were washed onto the upper beach. The parents were  taken to the Pacific Communities Hospital and treated for shock.
These  four children were the only known Oregon fatalities of the 1964  tsunami. (Editor’s note: This first news item turned out to be  incorrect. The family was actually camping at Beverly Beach, not  Gleneden Beach).
An hour later I got a call from Newport High School — no school because of the imminent tsunami. I tried going back to bed  again, but it was useless. I made coffee, followed the terrible story  online, and wrote e-mails to various parties telling them I wasn’t  insane enough to hit the beach with a tsunami in the forecast.
Another  call came in. The Newport Starbucks was closing. Gas lines were  forming. Then a text arrived from a journalist for the school’s news  magazine I advise. She was already on the story and taking photographs  of the evacuation. I texted her to get the story “gold.”
At 6:45 I  walked to the cliff overlooking the beach with coffee and camera in  hand. I’d read about tsunamis for years and now I was finally going to  see one. I felt nervous and giddy. I waited and waited. I walked back to  the house for more coffee and learned the experts had pushed back the  time.
The big wave never arrived where I live, although a series of  smaller ones did elsewhere along the West Coast and a few people died as  a result. We all know a much bigger one is coming. I wonder if the  Oregon Coast is truly prepared, and if the state and federal governments  have provided us with adequate resources to alert and evacuate. We’ve  never faced a Hurricane Katrina-like scenario here. Could we pass a test  like that?
Take 'Sandtuary,' at Café Mundo
On  March 18, 2011 at Café Mundo in Newport, my journalism class will  launch Sandtuary, a special edition of Newport High School’s news  magazine, The Harbor Light, documenting and celebrating the state’s  legacy of publicly-owned beaches. We hope you can join us for a special  evening of music and spoken word jams that begins at 7 p.m. After the  student performances, Lincoln City surf rock band the Retroactive Gamma  Rays will tear into action and keep the party going.
This 32-page  publication coincides with the release of a new curriculum about Tom  McCall, the legendary two-term Oregon governor who in 1967 signed the  famous Beach Bill into law protecting the dry sand areas of the ocean  beaches from privatization. This revolutionary piece of legislation  reaffirmed the state’s sacrosanct notion of publicly owned beaches first  initiated by Gov. Oswald West.
West was governor in 1912 when he  rode his horse from Cannon Beach over Arch Cape and Neahkahnie Mountain  and into Nehalem. He later said the ride inspired him to write a  masterfully brief 66-word bill that declared the wet sand areas along  the ocean beaches a public highway.
The Oregon Legislature passed  the bill in 1913, and with his law, West changed Oregon and all of our  lives forever. He helped create a special relationship between a state’s  citizenry and a specific natural resource unlike any other in the  country. He created a special place that you probably enjoyed today.
West’s  law protected the wet sand areas of Oregon’s ocean beaches, but the  state had no such safeguard for the dry sand areas, the space where  virtually everyone recreates. In the summer of 1966, an elderly couple  and their nephew were kicked off this dry sand area, in front of a  Cannon Beach motel, by the owner of the business.
The event touched  off the epic 1967 legislative battle that eventually culminated with  passage of the landmark law known as the Beach Bill. This law, which  nearly died in committee due to a cabal of coastal legislators,  empowered Oregon “to forever preserve…ocean beaches of the state…so that  the public may have the free and uninterrupted use thereof.”
I love  that phrase, “the free and uninterrupted use thereof.” Sounds like  pretty much what’s going to go down at our launch party. This year, I  have some incredibly talented writers, poets and musicians who regularly  produce some of the best student work in my nearly 20 years as a  teacher. I like to think we report, write, design, shoot photographs and  rock out better than any high school in Oregon and keep the spirit of  Tom McCall alive in our words and deeds. Just read part of the beach  manifesto the students wrote:
We the students of NHS…
Have grown up on these beaches.
We understand the sanctity of each grain of sand.
We use our sandy playground to swim, surf, and frolic by day,
Bonfire and stargaze by night.
We fall in love by the tide pools.
We embrace our tubular waves with passion.
We know every inch from Agate to Ona.
The salty waves run through our veins.
We the students of NHS…
Traded the metal shackles of privatization for sandy socks long ago.
We insist on our right to unharnessed nature, to free beaches.
We grapple at the thought of Californication.
The beaches are in us and of us.
Who dares to privatize?
Who dares to put a price tag on our catharsis?
Wow! If you want to hear more of that kind of youthful passion, come  check out the Harbor Light staff on March 18. If you do, you’ll also  get to hear the only pop song ever written that has the names of Tom  McCall, Oswald West, Ken Kesey and Steve Prefontaine in the lyrics. You  can’t miss that!
See you at Café Mundo, located in Newport’s historic Nye Beach area at the corner of NW Coast and 2nd Court.
Public beaches, sans the public
[Posted March 4, 2011]
The  sun came out on the last Sunday in January and I went to my church — I  mean the beach — to ponder a question that has confounded me ever since I  moved to the Oregon Coast 14 years ago.
Sonny and I once again took  our secret forested path to the ocean. I virtually never encounter  another human being on this path and for that I thank those Americans  who never walk more than a few yards to experience anything.
We hit  the beach and I looked north and south — no one around. We romped to the  ancient drift log that’s stuck around for a couple of years. I sat down  on it while Sonny sniffed the air and sought to make sense of her  world. If only it was that easy for human beings.
The question is:  Why do some coastal residents rarely or never go to the beach? Recently,  my quest for some kind of satisfactory explanation took on a renewed  urgency after I heard the incredible story of a man who worked in  Lincoln City for a decade and never once visited the beach.
I heard  of similar stories when I lived in South Tillamook County. It wasn’t all  that uncommon to hear of folks from the Cloverdale/Hebo/Beaver areas  who hadn’t stood near (even seen!) the ocean for years.
It’s not like  tourists overrun Oregon’s beaches like they do attractions such as  Yosemite or the Eiffel Tower. Nine times out of 10 when I walk on the  beach I never see anyone, although I admit it’s usually either raining, 6  a.m., or something spectacularly banal on television has sucked in the  masses.
What is the reason? Are any of you reading this one of these people?
In  response to my question, friends have suggested that because the beach  is such a short distance for locals, this is satisfying enough for some.  In other words: “I don’t actually go but I live close by and could if I  wanted to. That’s sufficient.” The Oregon Coast TODAY is a quality,  family run publication so I’ll omit my profane response to that lame  excuse. You can guess at it though.
Why? Did these non-beachgoers  actually exist before 500 channels on TV, Netflix, the Internet and  video poker? Are we all working too hard in this country? Are Oregonians  losing their minds? Perhaps a sociologist could provide some answers. I  really don’t know what to think of these people, but I always react  with astonishment when I hear these stories. Then I get a little sad.
If  you haven’t gone to the beach, and I mean on the sand near the ocean,  not looking at it from a vehicle or living room window, I really must  insist you stop everything and visit immediately. Remember, this is  Oregon — it won’t cost a cent. Just a little time.
The World's Greatest Therapist
[Posted Feb. 16, 2011]
“I just need to see the ocean. You know what I mean,” Megan wrote me.
Yes,  I knew what Megan Dodds meant in her email. My former star writing  student at Newport High School was dealing with a crisis and needed a  break. She wanted to come home and perhaps talk to someone or some thing  about the ordeal.
Her father, Officer Steven Dodds of the Lincoln City Police Department, had survived a near-fatal shooting on Jan. 23 .  Upon hearing the news, Megan rushed to Portland, interrupting her  freshman year at OSU. She had spent two emotionally charged weeks at her  father’s side and had been dealing with peripheral issues related to  the shooting that she couldn’t have possibly foreseen.
I responded to  Megan’s email and we arranged to have lunch in Newport and catch up on  life. On an overcast Saturday afternoon we met at Café Mundo in Nye  Beach. When she arrived, I noticed she carried a journal, the same  classic black and white composition book that I require of all my  English students to keep. They have to write 10 pages a week and have it  with them at all times. Some students complain about the requirement  but I pay them no mind. Years later, they always thank me.
“Are you  writing about what’s going on?” I said, pointing to her journal, which  was ornately decorated and looked like a writer’s best friend.
Yes,  she was writing about the crisis. In fact, she had just visited Don  Davis Park, sat on a concrete block that overlooked the ocean, and  written a piece.
“Do you want to see it? I’m having a little trouble with the ending,” Megan said.
Yes,  I did want to read the piece. I have always loved Megan’s writing, and  can still recall virtually every word of her ocean essay and a memoir  that opened with an astonishing use of her image in a mirror.
After  reading her journal, and taking a moment to compose myself, we discussed  the piece’s ending and I suggested one minor edit, which she accepted.  As a senior, Megan always received my editorial suggestions with  enthusiasm, but also had a gift for intuiting when some passage of an  essay wasn’t working.
As Megan ate her grilled cheese sandwich, I  read the piece again and then asked her if she would allow me to share  it with other readers.
She consented. Here it is:
World’s Greatest Therapist
I step out of  the car onto Second Street. Immediately I taste the familiar salt in  the air. No roar of traffic, just the low hum of the ocean a few hundred  feet away. Serene. Tranquil. It’s so good to be home.
I now  sit atop the hill overlooking the short waves winding their way out from  underneath the ominous wall of fog. It has waited for my return.  Through all the crashing, it seems to welcome me, reaching out to  embrace me with its lethargic, foamy arms. The harder it tries to feel  my touch, the higher the tide rises over the dampened sand. It chases  away a young boy and a dog, and crashes over rocks to get to me. It  wants to help me wash away everything that has passed over these two  weeks. Fear, sadness, stress, anger. All gone now. They have become part  of the ocean.
– Megan Dodds
The Lincoln City Police Employees Association has created a fund  for Officer Steven Dodds. Donations may be made under the name LCPEA to  STEVE DODDS at West Coast Bank, 4157 N. Hwy. 101, Lincoln City, OR  97367.
The journey of Vivian Vickers
[Posted Feb. 4, 2011]
From a press release:
On  Jan. 22, 2009, the Lincoln County 911 Dispatch Center received a call  about a missing person in the Surfland area of South Beach, Ore. Lincoln  County Sheriff’s Deputies were called to the area and obtained a  description of the missing person. The missing female, 90-year-old  Vivian Gertrude Vickers of South Beach, had left her home sometime  between 5 a.m. and 7:15 a.m. that morning, according to family members  who were staying with her. Deputies were unsuccessful in locating her  during a search of the immediate area around her residence. Search and  Rescue K-9’s were also deployed and several indications from the dogs  led searchers to the beach area, however, no sign of Vickers was found.
I  walked the beach in the Surfland area that Thursday morning two years  ago at the same time Vivian Vickers disappeared. Later that afternoon,  after teaching a half day at Newport High School, I relaxed on the front  deck of my home in the Pacific Shores neighborhood, just south of  Surfland, when about a dozen uniformed men and women appeared on the  street.
The day was clear and dry and I walked over to greet them.  They introduced themselves as a search and rescue team looking for  Vickers, who was described as, “5 feet, 2 inches tall, weighing 100  pounds, blonde or tan colored curly hair, and (having) a glass left  eye…wearing a blue flannel or fleece pajama top and pants bottom and  light colored shoes…suffering from dementia.” I told the team I had  visited the beach that morning and hadn’t seen anyone.
The official search ended on Jan. 24, having found no trace of Vickers.
The  next week at school I told my creative writing students about Vickers. We read about her in the local newspaper, discussed the incident, and  then wrote short non-fiction or fictional pieces exploring her  disappearance.
I chose the non-fiction route and propounded the  theory that Vivian Vickers disappeared into the ocean after a brief but  overpowering fit of sanity blasted through her dementia. Look at the  facts! Look where her trail went cold! She wanted a return journey to  her place of origin and did exactly that. “Nature assisted suicide” I  called it, and I expressed my desire to die in precisely the same way  when the proper time came.
The literary exercise went well and I  thought little of the mystery until almost a year later. While preparing  my senior English students to write essays about their connection to  the ocean, Vickers popped into my mind, and I told the story again. One  girl said her family knew Vickers and that she had told people — in her  lucid moments — that if anyone tried to remove her from her home, she  would walk right into the ocean.
The moment I heard this incredible  hearsay I became obsessed with Vivian Vickers’ final journey. I talked  to the police and emergency response personnel. I talked to Vickers’ neighbors. I interviewed Vickers’ nephew and his wife, the family  members staying with her that fateful morning. He told me Vickers had  lived in Surfland for nearly 30 years and that because of her worsening  dementia, he felt it necessary to move her to Nevada where he lived. She  had no children of her own.
This Jan. 22, at approximately 6 a.m.,  for the second year in a row, I followed the trail Vickers may have  taken from Surfland to the ocean. What I hoped to find or feel I didn’t  really know. I ended up finding and feeling nothing except for  confirming my desire to go out the same way I think Vickers did.
I  can’t get something one of the searchers said to me out of my mind. I  asked why Vickers’ body never washed ashore, if she indeed had walked into the ocean. He provided a litany of technical reasons, but then  added, almost as an afterthought, “The ocean only keeps who it wants.”
My non-fiction investigation of Vivian Vickers has concluded. Writers of fiction, it’s your turn now.
Reflections on a first beach date,
and keeping a journal
[Jan. 21, 2011]
“I’ve  never really been an ardent fan of the beach, especially in Oregon. But  this time I wanted to go. The weather was incredible: 70 degrees, hot,  no wind, and not a storm cloud in the sky. Somehow it seemed it was  planned. We had the best time imaginable, just doing nothing — walking  and talking and getting to know one another. I guess I know now why the  beach means so much to some people. It just puts you in awe.”
So I  wrote in my journal on Oct. 19, 1981, during my senior year at Oregon  City High School, about my first date with a junior girl who would  quickly become my girlfriend.
Her name was Tricia and she had driven  us to Cannon Beach in her brown Pinto hatchback and its tinny AM radio.  Yes, Tricia drove because I absolutely hated to drive. When I look back  on those days, it’s quite possible I existed as the only high school  senior boy in America who loathed driving and preferred his dates take  the wheel. I had a license, a VW Dasher, and a generous mother who paid  for my insurance and gas, yet for some unknown reason, I couldn’t muster  any enthusiasm for driving.
On occasion, I pull out my old high  school journals and read entries to my Newport High seniors to offer a  glimpse into the state of my life 29 years ago. The goal is that by  sharing my experiences, I can provide a little historical context,  perspective, and levity to my students’ turbulent senior year. Another  aim in reading from the journals is to show how a person can change  (hopefully for the better) over the intervening three decades. And  perhaps most importantly, I want them to see the value of keeping a  journal (on paper!).
When I read, “I’ve never really been an ardent  fan of the beach, especially in Oregon,” I accomplished all three with  one sentence, because if my seniors learn anything from me, it’s about  the unprecedented nature of Oregon’s publicly-owned beaches and what it  means to all of us.
When I came across this arresting passage in my  journal not too long ago, I reflected about that first perfect date at  the beach. As I recall, Tricia and I took a long walk down Tolovana  Beach, ate a picnic lunch my mother may have packed, and then carved our  names in one of the ancient wooden picnic benches decorated with a  million other teenage names and their simple equations of love. (I  looked for the exact table years ago but Oregon State Parks had replaced  it with a practical and unromantic composite version made from recycled  materials.)
After Tolovana Beach, Tricia and I explored the tide  pools around Haystack Rock and held hands as we skipped in the surf. I  don’t remember what we talked about and neither does my journal. I do  remember I was pretty much in awe of this girl.
Tricia later made me a  stained glass mirror of this scene and gave it to me on my 18th  birthday. It still hangs in my mother’s house.
Civil War: Trading downs for dunes
[Posted Jan. 4, 2011]
Oregon’s  kicker booted the pigskin deep into Oregon State territory to begin the  biggest football game in the state’s history. Or did the Beavers  kickoff to the Ducks to open the Civil War?
I didn’t have a clue and  couldn’t have cared less. That story bored me to death. The media had  already published a billion words and broadcast a million images about  the Civil War before the game even started. There was nothing  interesting left to say but people kept talking about it anyway. If I  saw another large man with a goatee wearing a yellow/green or  orange/black muumuu, talking incessantly about “zone coverage” or “no  huddle offense,” I wasn’t responsible for my actions.
What did Popeye  always say before eating the spinach? “I can only stands so much and I  can’t stands it no more!” As a writer, I couldn’t stand further hype so I  ate my spinach and went in search of a Jimmy Breslin Moment, a unique  editorial angle that I named for the legendary columnist Jimmy Breslin.  After John F. Kennedy’s assassination, Breslin didn’t try to get Lee  Harvey Oswald’s story. Instead, he visited Arlington National Cemetery  and found the man assigned the duty of digging JFK’s grave. Breslin got  his story and turned in one of the best pieces in the history of  American journalism.  (http://www.arlingtoncemetery.net/digging-grave-an-honor.htm)
While  the game Ducks and Beavers battled in Reser Stadium, (or was it Autzen?)  Sonny and I ambled down our secret path at South Beach State Park to  see the ocean. I brought along a camera to document the Breslin Moment  sure to unfold right before my very eyes. I knew it would because on  Oregon’s publicly-owned beaches, they always do.
We emerged from a  stand of stunted shore pines and ascended a dune. I surveyed the beach  north to south on a fine dry afternoon, a perfect day for football. No  one was there except for a couple sitting on a massive and ancient  20-foot drift log polished smooth by a century at sea.
The woman sat  to his left. He had his arm around her. I went prone to the sand and  crawled nearer for a better look. Sonny started walking on my back and  then kept blocking my view. The camera came out and I clicked away. The  couple stared at the ocean and then they kissed. I watched the couple  for a good 15 minutes and briefly considered asking for an interview. It  didn’t feel right though, so Sonny and I left for home. I never saw the  couple’s faces.
The game was probably in the second quarter, or more  likely, barely two minutes into the first because of all the  commercials for beer and gadgets. Later, I learned Oregon won and will  play Auburn in the biggest football game in the state’s history and  compete for the national title.
You’ll know where I’ll be.
Operation Oregon Beach Legacy, Part 2
[Posted Dec. 22, 2010]
A  thrashing November rain pelted 35 of my students from Newport High  School as they walked down the forested path to Short Sands Beach in  Oswald West State Park. Our mission: to produce a special edition of the  school’s news magazine, The Harbor Light, documenting and celebrating  the state’s unique history of publicly-owned beaches.
We had  approximately two hours to take photographs, interview people, write  poems, eat lunch, visit a sacred site, and let our creative animals run  wild on the beaches. We brought along food, fire, soda, surf boards,  tea, rock and roll, hula hoops, hacky sacks, a football, teen angst,  middle-aged angst, and a couple of love birds. We would dance like fools  in the rain and flood our senses with thoughts, images, desires, and  later produce the special issue and distribute it up and down the Coast  during Spring Break. If this wasn’t hard core gonzo Oregon journalism at  its finest, then the genre didn’t exist!
We would not bring bottled  water or umbrellas. The path ended and the staff beheld the untainted  and raw beauty of Short Sands Beach. “Bring wood and oil!” I screamed,  quoting my favorite line from “The Lord of the Rings.” Within seconds, a  mountain man in training had a blazing fire going.
Some kid told me  his cell phone worked, which I had assured the staff on the bus was a  total impossibility in the park. The word got around fast and many  students went to their pockets like Wyatt Earp went to his holster at  the O.K Corral.
Damn! I felt the earth move under my feet and figured  Oswald West and Tom McCall were spinning in their graves (Memo to self:  contact officials about installing a secret electronic dampening field  in the park). For a moment, I considered confiscation but then watched  drops from heaven splash down as a girl scrolled her fancy phone. I  prayed: “Let it rain and let it ruin.”
There wasn’t a soul around! No  one to interview except our inner angels and demons! We ate our lunch,  chewed the fat, and listened to a couple of positively dank (teenage for  cool) mix CDs specially prepared by students for the field trip. How my  20-year old CD/cassette player withstood the rain is beyond me.
Maybe it was waiting its whole machine life to play Led Zeppelin at Oswald West State Park as 35 kids rocked and rained out.
After  a soggy lunch, I led them up the rooted path to the Matt Kramer  Memorial, the most sacred spot of Oregon journalism, dedicated in 1972  to the veteran reporter who, well, let me quote the plaque:
“The  people of Oregon hereby express their gratitude to Matt Kramer of the  Associated Press, whose clear and incisive newspaper articles were  instrumental in gaining public support for passing of the 1967 Beach  Bill. This landmark legislation guarantees forever the public’s right to  the free and uninterrupted use of one of Oregon’s most popular  recreation attractions, its ocean beaches.”
We laid hands on the  memorial and swore an oath to uphold the truth with our journalism, and  to the power of reporting with objectivity and a religiosity for facts. I  told the staff, “Look where great journalism can lead.” And I wasn’t  talking about the memorial. I meant the free and publicly-owned beaches  the memorial overlooks.
I wonder if Oregon will ever erect a memorial like this to a blogger?
Time  to play! We returned to base camp and collected our toys and went to  the beach. The lovebirds snuck off and I sent a runner after them. I  winged a football to a couple of foreign exchange students who made some  tough catches. One girl grabbed some kelp and we jump roped as the surf  filled our shoes. The hacky sack came out. I found myself screaming  every sentence.
I was losing my mind. At some point, a kid took the  10,000th photograph of the mission. I yelled out I had 20 bucks for the  money shot. A hard rain never stopped falling.
A thrashing rain fell as the bus rolled to a stop in front of Newport High at 3:15. Hell yes! Three minutes ahead of schedule!
Teach the beach: Legacy trip, part 1
A thrashing November rain rattled the bus as it rolled away from Newport High at 8:03 a.m. Damn! Three minutes behind schedule!
I  received a text from a super slacker running late: “would I wait?” Hell  no! We couldn’t waste one second if 35 of my journalism and photography  students wanted to begin Operation Oregon Beach Legacy, our mission to  produce a special edition of the school’s news magazine, The Harbor  Light, documenting and celebrating the state’s history of publicly-owned  beaches.
We planned to release the publication during Spring Break,  when so many tourists enjoy free use of our beaches and have no idea of  the heroic historical efforts to protect them from privatization. The  edition would coincide with the release of a new curriculum about Tom  McCall, the legendary two-term Oregon Governor who in 1967 signed the  famous Beach Bill into law.
As for the curriculum, I say — it’s about  damn time! Oregon kids have stomached enough Lewis and Clark and Oregon  Trail mythology to last 10 lifetimes and need to learn why the state  became such an acclaimed model for conservation and progressive  governing in the McCall Era. Oregon teachers, find this curriculum  online, shape it to your needs, and then implement it with passion — not  as a requirement. Might I suggest going to the beach and playing with  your students as the unit’s outcome?
And on the subject of legendary  Oregon governors, a thrashing rain rocked the bus as we headed north on  Hwy. 101 to our destination, Oswald West State Park north of Manzanita.  West was governor in 1912 when he rode his horse from Cannon Beach over  Arch Cape and Neahkahnie Mountain and into Nehalem. He later said the  ride inspired him: “So I came up with a bright idea…I drafted a simple  short bill.”
The bill was 66 words long and masterfully read: “The  shore of the Pacific Ocean, between ordinary high tide and extreme low  tide, and from the Columbia River on the north to the Oregon and  California State line on the south, excepting such portion or portions  of such shore as may have heretofore been disposed of by the State, is  hereby declared a public highway and shall forever remain open as such  to the public.”
The Oregon Legislature passed the bill in 1913, and  with his law, Oswald West changed Oregon and all of our lives, forever.  He helped create a unique relationship between a state’s citizenry and a  specific natural resource unlike any other in the country. He created a  special place that my students enjoy practically every day of their  lives.
West later wrote in his 1949 memoir, “No local selfish  interest should be permitted, through politics or otherwise, to destroy  or even impair this great birthright of our people.” This “great  birthright” is our publicly-owned beaches and I make my seniors memorize  the quote if they want to pass my class. The state department of  education doesn’t recognize it as a curriculum standard. Nor do they  mandate a field trip to celebrate Oregon’s sheer awesomeness.
A thrashing rain battered the bus as it stopped at the park at 10:43. Time to unlock, unload, rock, report and roll!
Coming on Dec. 24: Part Two — Led Zeppelin, cell phones and Matt Kramer.
A rave for 'Waves'
Can you remember the last time you discovered a book by chance, and it totally reoriented your thinking about a subject?
I  can. This summer I stayed in a cabin overlooking Falcon Cove and  inspected the owner’s small, excellent library. One title intrigued me  and I pulled the book from the shelf. Four hours later I finished it and  knew I would never look at the ocean and beaches the same way again. I  also knew I would have to totally rewrite a 50,000-word manuscript about  Oregon’s ocean beaches that I thought for sure was ready for prime  time.
“Waves and Beaches: The Dynamics of the Ocean Surface” by  Willard Bascom is a classic of natural science. I own the 1980s revised  and updated edition but the book first came out in 1964.
It begins: “Is there anyone who can watch without fascination the struggle for  supremacy between sea and land?” Well, no, not if a person is even  remotely sentient and actually manages to hit the beach every now and  then and notice, I mean really look hard at what is all around you.
Until  reading this book, I thought I was noticing everything at the ocean’s  edge. As it turns out, there is a lot more to understand about the sand I  walk upon and the waves that hypnotize me. For starters, I had no idea  mathematics played such an interesting and elementary role in the motion  of waves or the slope of beaches.
Limited editorial space here  prevents me from a complete summary of Bascom’s 365-page book, but he  basically examines everything related to waves and beaches and explains  them right down to their tiniest tumble or, literally, a grain of sand.
One  of the utterly fascinating benefits of reading this book is learning  the names of features I’ve seen a million times but didn’t even know had  names. Take for example, the various marks on the beach made by  retreating tides: swash, backwash, rills, cusps, domes, pinholes,  ripples. I can’t say I’m now obsessed with identifying everything I see  at the beach, but a bit more knowledge of the natural world isn’t such a  bad thing in life. In fact, a lot more might save the planet.
In “Waves and Beaches,” Bascom writes simple, yet beautiful and informative  sentences, like: “Waves are undulating forms that move along the  surface of the sea.” Or try this one: “A beach is an accumulation of  rock fragments subject to movement by ordinary wave action.” And my  favorite: “Beaches are ever-changing, restless armies of sand particles,  always on the move.” Bascom might have considered himself more of a  scientist than a writer, but he knew how to construct metaphors in  nature and slyly present them to readers:
“A wonderful time to  observe … is early in the morning, especially after a high tide. Often  the air is still and pleasant light fills the sky. The beach is clean  and virginal, the night’s waves erased the human marks of the previous  day.”
Bascom was obviously a gifted man of science who saw a beauty  and assurance in the formulas and equations of the waves. Without  reading his book, I would have never known such precise things do exist.  When I ramble the beach, which is roughly two to three times a day, I  think of love, loss, rebirth, a little evolution. I also smell and  touch. In other words, poetry. Not math! But math is good too, at least  the way Bascom presents and explains it in his masterpiece that every  serious beachcomber has got to read.
Taking pen to penitentiary
[Posted Nov. 10, 2010]
The  professor gave the group the writing prompt: “What object, person,  place, or picture could you look at for an hour? Use all your senses to  describe it.” She put a mixed CD into an ancient boom box from the break  dancing era. The first couple tracks skipped and she replaced the CD  with another one. The Replacements’ obscure alternative rock classic “Achin’ To Be” came on and the group’s seven members, all men, all clad  in blue jeans and blue shirts, began to write immediately.
I watched  for a couple of minutes and was astonished when no one strayed off task.  No one dug into their pockets for a phone, either. They weren’t  allowed.
The sound of geese broke my concentration and I turned to  look out the window. Through metal bars (or was it a wire screen?) I saw  several small formations fly by in an atypical formation.
Even  though I wasn’t an official member of the group, which goes by the name  of Penned Thoughts, I joined in on the prompt and opened my piece with a  familiar image from the singular obsession of my life: “When I walk  along the beach with Sonny, I usually keep my head turned toward the  ocean. I like watching the breakers to see how gray mixes with white…”
Gray  mixing with white. I had watched this curious Oregon color for an hour  that very morning before the drive to Salem to join the writing group.
Ten  or so minutes later, the professor, Michele, asked if anyone wanted to  share. No one volunteered. She waited. A small man to my right, with two  cannons for arms, two cannons covered in tattoos, said, “I’ll go.”
He  began to read his thoughts about the ocean, the surf, and the Zen  moment of riding a wave. He wrote crisply and beautifully from a distant  memory because he hadn’t surfed in 20 years — or more. He might never  surf again. Men incarcerated for long sentences, including life, at the  Oregon State Penitentiary, don’t get to surf.
The man concluded his  piece. The sound of geese again entered the room, only it seemed much  louder than before. I looked out the window again and could not believe  the numbers flying past. The word “surreal” is by far the most  hackneyed, misunderstood and overused adjective in English today (it is  not a synonym for bizarre). I’ll save you a trip to a dictionary by  providing the best visual definition of the word that I’ve ever seen:  men who have committed violent crimes self-reflecting on paper (in  longhand!) while the Replacements rocked out in all their ragged glory,  sharing the stage with a cacophony originating from a flock of geese.  All from a maximum security prison.
Another man volunteered to read.  He looked all of 21. He launched into a narrative of hanging out with a  buddy, carrying his surfboard down to an isolated cove near Coos Bay.  The piece took a fascinating twist when the writer introduced the  character of a surly owner of a private campground who always yelled at  the local surfers for their alleged trespassing on his property. The  reader and his friend ignored the man. The ocean beckoned.
The  inmate kept reading. He paddled out to meet the waves. He described a  multi-colored sky, I think. At that point, I drifted away, lost in his  Oregon story. He was gone too…at least for a moment.
Visit from an owl
[Posted Oct. 27, 2010]
Sonny  danced on the sand of South Beach State Park, tangoed toward me with  outstretched paws. She bit down hard and splintered the stick in my  hand. Man does she ever love playing our new game of capturing paranoia!  We call it Tea Party!
Time to go. We ambled down our secret path  through ripe huckleberries and Scotch broom. Suddenly, a bird glided  into view, but I didn’t see its head, only a large wingspan colored  brown and white. I followed its flight as it banked left into a stand of  scrawny shore pines. The bird landed on a branch 10 yards away,  swiveled his head right, left, then straight ahead. A barn owl stared at  me.
I recognized it as a barn owl because they used to regularly  cross my path during my 10 years as caretaker of the Nestucca Bay  National Wildlife Refuge. I once even held an owlet in my hands after he  failed to fledge from a nest.
Two hours earlier, I had received a  letter from a literary agent working in one of those distant towers of  glass and steel that makes or breaks writers across the land. At the  behest of an influential Northwest author, the agent had read my  self-published memoir of caretaking the refuge and began her letter by  writing, “It’s awesome!” She then detailed the multiple changes the book  needed to attract a national publisher.
A solid 95 percent of her  editorial suggestions made sense although I wondered if I possessed the  desire to revisit an already intense personal story and further probe  what happened during the most defining experience of my life. I had left  out a lot for a reason and it wasn’t because of an overloaded word  count. Moreover, as I wound down my recent tour to promote the memoir, I  had grown tired of talking about the refuge. It felt time to move on.
Still,  a letter from New York! Should I pass up an opportunity every serious  writer dreams of? What is my ultimate goal as an Oregon writer? Do I  want a national audience? What price would I pay to achieve that?
Naturally  I took to the beach with the dog for answers. “The sea answers all  questions, and always in the same way,” wrote E.B. White. I can’t think  of a more suitable sentence written for those of us obsessed with the  ocean. How some landlocked people make decisions without consulting the  ocean escapes me. Is that why the White House always seems to make such  terrible decisions when it comes to safeguarding the Republic? Should we  move the capital to the Oregon Coast?
I listened to the sea: look  out to me, empty everything, and search your heart and mind. Make the  search honest. When the search ends, the answers will emerge.
The  owl’s unlikely appearance near the beach coincided with the exact moment  I faced a crucial decision about my literary future. When I saw the  owl, I instantly identified him as an emissary from the refuge. Yet his  message defied interpretation. An admonition? A demand? A plea? A “Hello  Matt, we miss your spirit. Don’t you think you should finally come  visit your old friends?”
I stared at the owl for five minutes.
“Why  are you here?” I said aloud. The trees beckoned me toward the owl. He  hesitated for a few seconds, then lifted off, on course to the sea. I  followed and Sonny followed me.
On the road
[Posted Oct. 13, 2010]
Not  long after I read an article that mentioned a line Jack Kerouac  underlined in his copy of Henry David Thoreau’s “A Week on the Concord  and Merrimack Rivers,” (“The traveler must be born again on the road”), I  pulled my bike into the day-use area of South Beach State Park. A  drizzle fell and the temperature hovered near 50 degrees but it didn’t  seem to bother anyone. Hey, this the Oregon Coast in the summer and if  you don’t like it, you can go straight to … Malibu!
What a scene  around me: A dozen canines shook off sand and water; kites danced in the  clouds; families roasted hot dogs; a tattooed beauty with her two  children emerged from the dunes. I didn’t see a single cell phone or  electronic gadget in use.
I noticed a 1970s Mystery Machine/Scooby  Doo van to my left with its cargo door wide open. Inside, carpenter  tools hung orderly on the wall, a mattress rested on the carpeted floor,  and the roof rack was piled high with lumber and camping gear. A black  mutt leashed to the van’s wheel drank water while his 40-something  master, bearded and disheveled, drank coffee and checked out the hot  mom.
He opened with the oldest conversation starter since humans  walked upright and gained the power of language: “So did you hear  anything about the weather?”
“I read it’s supposed to be nice tomorrow, but nothing’s ever for sure in Newport.”
“Cool. It doesn’t matter. I just love being here.”
“Where are you coming from?”
“Idaho.”
“No, I’m on the road.”
We both knew the difference between the two. Or I used to know.
I  never got his name but I got his story: he had lived in Seattle for 13  years, moved to Idaho, recently abandoned it, and headed to Oregon  looking for handyman work along the way. He had wanted to relocate in  the Willamette Valley, tried Eugene, but didn’t take a shine to the  hippies. He then found the central Oregon Coast, made some friends, and  thought he might settle near the ocean, temporarily, around Newport. He  asked me about local construction work and I told him it was grim.
Next,  he launched into some of the most enthusiastic praise for Oregon’s  publicly owned beaches I’ve heard in a long time, outside of my voice.  It wasn’t even prompted.
“You never have to pay anything and can go  anywhere you want,” he said. “Sometimes I just sleep in the van and hear  the ocean all night.”
We said our goodbyes, his dog waved a paw to  me, and I rode away feeling as if I’d taken a direct lightning strike of  existential energy. A man, his van, a dog, unemployed, the road. Their  entire collective image made a large noise. It sounded like hearing God  or God calling me out.
If you think you’ve heard this call from your  higher power, you immediately answer — or end up shriveled in every way  that verb connotes about the modern American man. And sexual impotency  has nothing to do with it.
I used to travel a lot in my 20s and early  30s, around the country and the world. I saw a great many fascinating  things and met incredible people. At some point, though, it was time to  end the journeys, settle, mature, and get some solid teaching and  literary work done. The Oregon Coast has held me for 14 years now, and  will for the near future. It won’t forever, though, and I already have  my rig picked out and a mix tape ready to rock.
That’s a cassette tape.
Watching the weathered men
[Posted Sept. 29, 2010]
In  the course of promoting my new book, I’ve driven up and down the Oregon  Coast a dozen times this summer and consistently encountered the same  troubling image: weathered, middle-aged men walking Hwy. 101 with all  their worldly possessions.
I’ve lived on the coast for 13 years and  have never seen so many homeless men on the road. I started keeping  count in June but finally gave up.
Some sit in the shoulders holding  cardboard signs reading “Hungry” or “Need Food.” Sometimes they have a  backpack, wagon, suitcase, even a ragged bicycle. A few have dogs.  Infrequently, a woman accompanies a man. Life looks damn hard for these  men.
The only thing I haven’t seen is a bindle. There is no Jack  Kerouac romance of the road for them. There is no John Steinbeck around  to chronicle their stories, only a couple of radio and television  charlatans who claim to speak politically and spiritually for them.  These weathered men have no irony about them whatsoever. You can’t have  irony when you’re invisible to the unwashed commentators.
I can spot  the difference between a sojourner and a homeless man. A few younger,  sturdier men obviously tramp the Oregon Coast on some existential errand  or walkabout, most likely returning to something solid, dry. Where the  weathered men end up I can’t even imagine.
Please don’t think I’ll  sound flippant with what I’m about to write next: At least near the  beach these men and their dogs can find some scrap of solace from the  ocean, a free bed in the sand, and some of the amenities provided by the  Oregon Coast’s vast system of federal, state, local and county parks  and recreation areas, which have become de facto social service agencies  for all kinds of men, women and children dispossessed by the recent  economic calamity.
Don’t tell me I exaggerate. I hit the various  beaches near my home at dawn every morning and have seen plenty of  weathered men sleeping in the dunes and willows. Although I could easily  take their photographs and perhaps better document their plight, I will  not do so; it feels wrong to me. To walk past these men and do nothing  is a profoundly distressing experience with which to begin my day, but  generally, that’s what I do. Walk on by.
In recent weeks, I’ve given a  $20 bill here and there to a few weathered men (I also donate to  various social service agencies). I’ve stashed cans of dog food in the  truck and dole them out when I see a homeless man on the road with a  dog. He gets the $20 if he promises to take care of the dog.
Sure, I know some of the money goes for booze. But not all of it.
When  the hard rains come, I suspect the beach will provide little psychic  and absolutely no physical comfort for the weathered men. At that point,  they’ll mostly disappear from my sight as I cruise Hwy. 101. I don’t  have a poignant or prescriptive ending for this column. It just ends.
The 4th annual
Project Homeless Connect
What: A free, one-stop shop for the homeless in  Lincoln County, with food, services and assistance from 40 federal,  state and local agencies, and non-profit groups
When: 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 7
Where: The Church of the Nazarene, 227 NW 12th St., Newport
Details:  Dental and medical care and advice, paperwork help, food stamps,  haircuts, immunizations, bike repair, pet care, packaged food and a hot  meal.
Contact: To volunteer, call 541-336-7772, or head to homelessinlincolncounty.org .
Blown away by 'Washed Ashore'
[Posted Sept. 13, 2010]
This  summer, after attending yet another Lincoln County School District  meeting where bottled water was offered to teachers a few feet away from  drinking fountains that provide a quality of water that 99.9 percent of  the world’s population would love to enjoy, I took the verb “seethe” to  a whole new level of intensity.
I might also add that about half the bottles at the meetings ended up in the trash.
Later,  I went to the beach: more water bottles. May I update Coleridge’s “The  Rime of the Ancient Mariner”? Plastic, plastic, everywhere, despite  drops of clean, free water to drink.
All this plastic was polluting  my mind (and quite likely my body) when I found myself exploring Nye  Beach and wandered inside the Newport Visual Arts Center, near the  turnaround. There, I had my mind completely blown in that special way  only compelling visual art can accomplish.
From now until Oct. 31,  the center’s Runyan Gallery will host “Washed Ashore: Plastics, Sea Life  and Art,” a traveling exhibit to, “raise awareness about the use of  plastics and the dangers those plastics pose to our environment, and all  life on the planet.”
Lead artist Angela Haseltine Pozzi, who hails  from Bandon, has put together an, “exhibit made from plastic pollution  that washed ashore on remote beaches throughout southern Oregon.” Volunteers collected all the plastic in 2010 and this detritus became  the material to fashion giant sculptures on display in the gallery.  These sculptures will astonish you with their weird beauty and subtle,  yet jackhammer message of the tragic throwaway society America has  become and how this propensity is killing marine life.
I’ve seen a  lot of great art in my time, at some of the most famous museums in the  world, but I have never seen anything that moved me like this show did.  I’ve already gone back three times. I’ve pretty much told everyone I  know in Newport that they must see these sculptures.
All I can say  is, if you care anything for Oregon’s oceans and beaches, visit the  gallery now and bring along those sinners who buy bottled water. If they  don’t repent right then and there, check for the existence of a soul.  You may have to look hard.
My favorite sculpture was, naturally, a  huge jellyfish hanging made from water bottles that hung from the  ceiling. I wish I had the money to buy it and display it where teachers  gather to discuss improving education and drink bottled water.
The  Washed Ashore exhibit is free, but I bought some t-shirts to help the  effort. The Newport Visual Arts Center’s hours are Tuesday-Sunday, 11  a.m. to 6 p.m. in September and Tuesday-Sunday, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. in  October. For more on the exhibit, visit www.washedashore.org .
Max Plank:
The physics of forts, then and now
[Posted Aug. 31, 2010]
Whenever  I ramble the beach and encounter a good supply of driftwood, I  immediately size up the potential for a good fort. Not that I build one,  but I like to imagine what my friends and I would have constructed in  our youth.
Forts excited our passion. We built them anywhere and  everywhere. I remember the summer days of riding our bicycles (without a  helmet) to the woods near the edge of Oregon City (without bottled  water, a cell phone or music). There we played war. It was always World  War II, never Vietnam, an epic catastrophe then about to crawl into the  light at the end of the tunnel.
We fought the Nazis and Japanese and  dug trenches and bunkers. We built forts so tight they could’ve  withstood a bazooka round. We executed basic squad tactics and stole  butter knives from home to affix as bayonets on our toy M-1s and lied to  our mothers about inexplicably missing tableware. Somehow, we all owned  entrenching tools and canteens.
There was never an adult around to  supervise. We came home at dusk, starving, exhausted. Then we’d get up  in the morning, throw down some sugary cereal, improvise a sack lunch,  ride out and do it all over again.
Those summer days came rushing  back to me recently after discovering a fort on one of my regular beach  rambles. It’s truly a rare thing to see one these days. I could count on  one hand the forts I’ve come across on Oregon’s ocean beaches since I  moved here in 1997. It’s not like there’s a lack of driftwood and kids  either. What’s going on with that?
I cruised the sandy berm of my  local beach and saw in the distance what looked like some kind of  structure. I walked toward it and soon recognized the bleached façade of  a somewhat circular fort. From the outside I could tell it was solidly  built, logs sunk deep into the sand. Built smartly too, because the  creators situated it well above the wrack line so conceivably it could  last well into the late fall.
Next I went inside and made my  inspection: a fire ring, benches, seaweed, shell, rope and feather  decorations, alternating planks, pallets and logs, a rectangular window,  more like a slat, with an ocean view. It then hit me like a blow from a  skillet — an advanced aesthetic was at work, or should I say tease,  here.
The window beckoned me. I noticed an etched sign resting at an angle on some ancient logs. It read: “Fort Sex.”
Ohhhh, the kids these days. Make Love Not War it is.
Beauty and the beach
[Posted Aug. 15, 2010]
One  overcast day in the spring or summer of 1971, it’s not exactly clear  what month it was, a white van came to a stop in the remote north Oregon  Coast village of Falcon Cove, where residents enjoy the near exclusive  use of one of the most secret and gorgeous beaches in the state.
Back then, maybe a dozen folks lived in Falcon Cove year round, quite likely the same number as today.
A man emerged from the van. He probably carried all manner of camera gear: bodies, lenses, tripod.
A  woman, a blonde named Javon Monahan, an artist and former Portland  State University student, also emerged from the van. She probably wore  some kind of loose-fitting long coat. She wore nothing else on  underneath.
They went to the beach. At some point, she flung away the coat and the unknown photographer clicked away.
A  color photograph of a naked and smiling Monahan running through light  foam down the wet sand of a beach appeared in the September issue of  Playboy, part of a pictorial essay titled, “Girls of the Golden West: A  tantalizing blend of simplicity and sophistication, these natural  beauties glory in their free-spirited way of life.”
The photo’s  caption located the beach as somewhere “near Seaside” and the sandy  beach does not resemble the cobbled one at Falcon Cove. I can’t place it  myself. What I surmise is that Monahan made several stealth streaks at  various unpopulated north Oregon Coast beaches and the best photograph  made it into the magazine.
As for the photograph, if contrasted with  contemporary depictions of beautiful American women in the mass media,  which are almost all vulgar, Monahan looks organic. Her unadorned image  seems to me almost totally benign as far as exploitation of women goes  (OK, I admit it was in Playboy). The photograph moves in hazy  slow-motion, in washed out greens and grays, and exudes a pronounced  hippie vibe. In other words, for many of us, daily life on the Oregon  Coast.
I gleaned this tale from a fantastic little memoir called “Falcon Cove Stories: A Look At Its Beginnings” written by Jacquie Quint  (published in 2010) that I picked up during a recent stay in the area.
Upon  my return home, I immediately went online and purchased the September  issue for $10. A few days later, the magazine arrived and thumbing  through its pages was an instant time machine trip to a pre-Watergate  America of flared corduroy trousers, rum and Coke, and really big afros.
Naturally I would love for readers to see the photograph, but the  Oregon Coast TODAY is a family publication so you’ll just have to  imagine Monahan’s beach run. Or better yet, recreate one for yourself.
According  to Quint’s book, a prudish neighbor who saw the photo shoot unfolding  called the sheriff’s office. Fortunately, Monahan and the photographer  worked fast. They climbed back in the van and drove away before the law  arrived. Where they went next is anyone’s guess, but somewhere in this  world, there are lost or forgotten negatives of all of Monahan’s  glorious runs, and I would dearly love to see them developed. For only  the strict sake of historical preservation, I assure you.
Taking the Pen to paper
[Posted July 21, 2010]
A  year ago, I struck up a correspondence with an inmate at the Oregon  State Penitentiary serving a life sentence for murder in a robbery that  went horribly awry. He’s 46 years old and spent his last 16 years in  prison.
He’d read a column of mine in the Oregonian about a book on a  famous penitentiary and wrote asking for help publishing his fiction.  We became friends — of a sort — and have since exchanged nearly 50  letters (he has no e-mail access). I sent him a few of my essays and  purchased his leatherwork, including a handsome wallet and camera case.  He’s also a fine visual artist and is working on a painting of Ray, my  recently departed dog. This summer, at behest of the inmate, I plan on  visiting OSP and conducting a writing/publishing workshop.
I mention  all this because in one of my letters I asked him about his experiences  on Oregon’s beaches (He’s a native Oregonian). He responded with a  terrible story of how the events that spiraled out of control and  culminated with the murder actually began at the beach. He told me that  because of this, he felt like he had disgraced Oregon’s “great  birthright,” as Oswald West so memorably described Oregon’s  publicly-owned beaches. If he ever got out of prison, which seemed like a  long shot, he wanted to make amends. He wrote:
“I would go to the  beach and walk barefoot on the sand reconnecting to the earth and my  loved ones (he has children and grandchildren), holding hands, running,  our feet splashing in the surf, our giggles and laughter caught up in  the salty wind, blowing off the sea … collecting shells, building  castles, a small fire of driftwood to roast hot dogs and marshmallows…”
Since  his incarceration, the inmate has turned his life completely around,  found Jesus, conquered various addictions, begun counseling others on  addiction, became an artist and leather crafter, raised funds for  Salem-area athletic teams, and performs countless other acts of private  and public social service.
Recently, the inmate asked Governor  Kulongoski for clemency, a commutation of the life sentence so he can at  least have some hope of release in his late 50s. No Oregon governor  since Tom McCall’s has granted clemency. I offered to write a letter on  behalf of the inmate’s appeal and he accepted.
Yes, I know he  murdered someone. No, a loved one of mine has never been murdered. Yes, I  know the story of Norman Mailer and Jack Henry Abbot. No, I don’t  consider myself a naïve bleeding heart. A larger debate on capital  punishment and the American penal system is well outside the scope of  this column but worth talking about nonetheless. And not the sort of  talk that regularly appears on cable television or online forums.
My intuition guides me here. I believe in all my heart what Portia said in “ The Merchant of Venice ”:
The quality of mercy is not strained.
It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven,
Upon the place beneath.
It blesseth him that gives and him that takes.
It is mightiest in the mightiest,
It becomes the throned monarch better than his crown.
I  want the inmate’s bare feet to walk on the beach again. After that, I  sense he will help desperate people in need, and work incredibly hard to  pay his great debt, which he knows is eternal and never fully repaid.
Raised by the Power of Ten
[Posted July 6, 2010]
On  June 7, I awakened at 4 a.m. to walk the dog, write, answer email,  drink coffee, and plan the day’s lessons. Soon, the dawn made its way  through the skylight and it was time to rock and roll.
At 5:15 I  pulled into the parking lot in front of the Fishermen’s Memorial, the  traditional starting point of my annual Newport High School Senior Beach  Walk. A soft rain fell as I listened on cassette tape to Getz and  Gilberto’s samba treatment of Rodgers and Hammerstein’s “It Might As  Well Be Spring”: I’m as busy as spider spinning daydreams/ spinning  spinning daydreams/I’m as giddy as a baby on a swing.
“Giddy as a  baby on a swing” is about as precise a simile there is to describe my  mood every time I hit the beach with young Oregonians.
But where was the spring? We seemed to be on the 45th of 40 days and nights of rain.
By  5:30, 10 students had gathered by my truck and we headed out on the  final Monday morning of their high school careers. Naturally I gave them  my speech about Oswald West, Tom McCall and Oregon’s Great Birthright:  its free, publicly owned beaches.  I wanted to believe I was the only  teacher in Oregon doing this sort of thing, especially in the rain,  especially at dawn.
Last June I inaugurated the event and close to 40  kids showed up. Of course, a year ago, I taught twice as many seniors,  it wasn’t raining, and this year’s group clearly played more video  games. Nevertheless, 10 hearty Cubs got up early to walk with me, their  teacher, and the rain made us all the more hard core.
I admit it  here: just seconds before the walk began my recent consternation about  my teaching job threatened to pollute this sacred moment. I couldn’t get  the gig out of my mind and no one should ever have employment on the  mind when visiting the beach.
After we descended the stairs and  struck sand, the rain fell a bit harder, I instantly exorcised all the  demons of state testing and failing students and began to walk in the  moment.
How and why? Easy. It’s the old sound of the ocean and its annihilating power.
We  cruised to the jetty, or the Great Wall of Newport as one student  described it, and climbed atop the slick and jagged riprap. Out west,  the bar looked calm and a speedboat (or was that an ark?) ripped through  the gap. We talked of this and that, rock and the death of rock, love  and the lack thereof, laughed, rubbed the rain into our faces, shot  beady photographs, and at one point, I had the Power of Ten face  seaward, clasp hands and raise their arms to the sky. It might be the  greatest photograph I have ever taken.
We headed north down the beach  and the rain subsided. As we began to veer into the dunes and back to  the parking lot, I noticed a large bird perched on a branch of an  ancient log resting at the wrack line. I directed the group’s attention  to the bird and we converged upon it. Seconds later, amid various  speculations about the bird’s identity, a bald eagle lifted off,  flattened out, and flew north. I shouted something about this being a  good omen, that these seniors could employ this image as a metaphor for  their impending graduation. Perhaps that was too preachy. I tend to get  that way on the beach when I walk there with other humans, which  virtually never happens.
Fifteen minutes later we sat around tables  at Pig N’ Pancake where we wrung out the rain and ordered from the  pleasant waitress. I bought them all breakfast and we ate together as  friends, Oregonians, countrymen. In two more days our remarkable journey  together that was the 2009-2010 would conclude and I would never have  the privilege of teaching these fine young people again.
Making Angels
[Posted June 21, 2010]
In  mid-May yellow buses from distant lands began appearing in Newport. I  saw one from Idaho, another from Montana, and several hailing from the  Willamette Valley and Southern Oregon. All the buses had one destination  and one sacred mission in mind: South Beach State Park, where children  can play on the beach.
Have you ever witnessed a child visit the  ocean and walk on the beach for the first time? I have, years ago, in my  capacity as caretaker of Nestucca Bay National Wildlife Refuge. I will  never forget that moment and access it every now and then as one of my  most powerfully-motivating editorial and pedagogical images.
After  planting trees with several sixth grade classes from Hillsboro, I  accompanied the students to Neskowin. On the way there, with rain  pelting the bus as only Oregon coastal rain can, his teacher told me  that he had never seen the ocean despite living most of his life an hour  away. I’m not sure how or why this tragedy came to be, but I know it  amounts to a crime against a child.
The boy walked the path from the  wayside, hit the beach and started running madly to the water. He then  stopped, flung himself to the sand, rolled on his back, writhed, and  started making angels. He looked like a complete idiot and it was one  the most beautiful and hard core Oregon things I’ve ever seen in my  life.
In my 10 years on the refuge, I led close to 50 groups in  tree-planting and blackberry-hacking activities. Most of the children  came from Willamette Valley public schools and crossed all demographic  lines. Before we went to work, I always arranged the kids in a circle  and asked for a show of hands from those who had never visited an Oregon  beach. Invariably, multiple hands went up and the numbers shocked me  every time.
More recently, as I led my Newport High School seniors  on our annual history walk around town, I spotted a bus from Oakridge  parked on the Bayfront. I bet my students that at least one of the  children on the bus had never seen the ocean. A few minutes later, I  asked an Oakridge chaperone the question.
Make it two kids.
If I  had the money, I would launch the Oswald West Foundation and call our  only program Operation Great Birthright. No curriculum. No tests!  Transport every kid in Oregon to the ocean at least once and let them  play on the beach for one afternoon. Okay, maybe I’d force them to  recite West’s famous quote about Oregon’s ocean beaches, “No local  selfish interest, should be permitted, through politics or otherwise, to  destroy or even impair this great birthright of our people,” before  feeding them lunch, but that’s the extent of the teaching.
What kind  of money would it take to establish such a foundation? We’re talking  funds for buses and lunches, a couple of staffers paid bohemian (surfer)  wages to coordinate logistics with the schools, some beach toys, and  some shelter dogs to run with the kids. Really not that much at all.  Probably the cost of one artillery shell.
The beach, of course, doesn’t cost a cent.
Somehow,  I need a quick way to rake in the cash to fund the Oswald West  Foundation. I really don’t have many scruples where the money comes from  and I’ll gladly sell out my literary soul to give every Oregon kid a  chance to see the ocean.
I know what needs doing — write the big  vampire-on-the-Oregon Trail novel. Make my lead bloodsucker sexy, smart,  brooding, celibate, and possessed with a weird passion for building  sand castles that recall the grand citadels from Transylvania. It would  sell millions!
Oil and the Oregon coast
[Posted June 9, 2010]
In  1978, something called the Governor’s Task Force on Outer Continental  Shelf Oil and Gas Development published an 8 1/2” by 9” 54-page pamphlet  titled “Oregon and Offshore Oil.” Five years ago, I excavated a $3 copy  from an Oregon coast thrift store and read it. I unearthed it a week  ago because sometimes I perversely enjoy reading official insanity  produced by a government agency.
Who knows what the “Oregon and  Offshore Oil” press run was or how it was distributed. Its initial  release came 117 years after the first commercial oil well, five years  after the Arab oil embargo and shocking gas lines, and 25 years before  the American invasion of Iraq, which instantly dropped the price of a  barrel of oil.
The top half of the pamphlet’s cover is Texas tea  black. The bottom half is Douglas fir green. A lowercase, cream-colored “Oregon” in a fat, round 70s style font separates the black from the  green. The black at the top appears ready to spill over the green at the  bottom. The word “oregon” dams the black away from the green. There is a  black line drawing of an offshore oil platform inside the second “o” of “Oregon.” Below the “g” and surrounded by green sits the black-colored  phrase, “and Offshore Oil.”
Connie Morehouse designed the cover and I  count it a masterpiece on every subconscious, subversive propaganda and  graphic design level. How it passed muster from her pro-oil superiors  is a miracle. Maybe she was one of those Americans who actually listened  to President Jimmy Carter when he asked Americans to turn down their  thermostats and wear sweaters. Carter also created the Department of  Energy and pushed for the research and development of alternative fuels.  He lasted one term.
“…Oregon’s role in the unfolding energy drama  may soon change,” reads “Oregon and Offshore Oil,” on page three. The  next 51 pages describe how this might happen the unique Oregon way since  federal law ceded control of submerged lands up to three miles from  shore to individual states. The pamphlet addresses potential  environmental problems and reassures they won’t happen — can’t happen.  It includes an economic multiplier model. It has a photograph of Gov.  Bob Straub in a pinstripe suit visiting what appears to be an offshore  oil platform. It also contains a glossary of oil production terms. Had  the plan unfolded, it would have mutated the Oregon coast into an  industrial landscape of almost inconceivable soulless proportions. Well,  perhaps not so inconceivable. Visit Louisiana’s share of the Gulf of  Mexico for reference.
According to the pamphlet, exploratory drilling  off Oregon occurred at seven sites in 1964-65. Initial results were not  promising but also not dissuading. Thus, 14 years later the state  published “Oregon and Offshore Oil” with encouraging sentences like, “The thick sediments located off the Columbia River’s mouth and near  Newport and Coos Bay may be likely sites.” Presumably Oregon officials  released it to soften potential resistance, which figured to be stiff  since it was the tail end of Oregon’s great run as the national model  for implementing aggressive conservation measures. The pamphlet’s  timing, however, was odd.
In 1977, a year before the publication of “Oregon and Offshore Oil,” the Bureau of Land Management ranked the  Oregon and Washington continental shelf as lowest “among all the areas  in terms of its resource potential and desirability for leasing.  Consequently, the region was dropped from a schedule prioritizing  offshore drilling sites.
Gov. Straub asked the BLM to reconsider. He  was the same Bob Straub, who 10 years earlier as State Treasurer, had  led the successful fight to stop the relocation of a section of Hwy. 101  down Nestucca Spit. When the pamphlet came out, BLM had apparently not  reversed the ranking and the prospect of several drilling platforms in  the Columbia River estuary seemed remote. Yet you wouldn’t gather that  from reading“Oregon and Offshore Oil.” It made oil production feel like a  done deal, complete with backing by the state’s top elected leader who  had unassailable credentials when it came to protecting the environment.
As  we all know, drilling for oil off the Oregon coast didn’t happen. I  don’t really know why. Today I can’t seem to find anyone who remembers  anything about the issue. Whatever the reason, it was a victory for the  Oregon coast. Oregon’s drilling scheme died in 1981 and seemed buried  for all time when Congress banned drilling for oil and gas in offshore  waters.
Then came a series of calamitous events — 9-11, two Middle  East wars, $4 a gallon for gas — and Presidents George W. Bush and Obama  pushed for renewed exploration off Alaska, both coasts and the Gulf of  Mexico.
Then came the recent BP spill, the largest one in American  history. You’ve seen the horrible images. More are coming. Recently,  I’ve thought about them when I walk Oregon’s relatively pristine  beaches. I also think this: Do we ever learn anything from our history  in this country?
[ View live feed of oil spill under the Gulf of Mexico.]
Lesson plan, torn asunder, yields ‘madness’
Oregon  Coast TODAY contributor Matt Love became a writer on the refuge — the  600-acre Nestucca Bay National Wildlife Refuge, near Pacific City. In  his 10 years as caretaker there, Love restored more than just acres of  native trees and grassland. In between writing three books and running  his own press, he rediscovered a passion for teaching. His latest work, “Gimme Refuge: The Education of a Caretaker,” is a 177-page account of  this decade of awakening — including this adventure at Neskowin Valley  School.
April 1999. National Poetry Month. I begin my  three-week unit with seventh and eighth graders attending Neskowin  Valley School. I’ve waited all year to teach my favorite subject.
We  read poems, write poems, memorize poems, randomly construct poems like  the surrealists did, study different forms, techniques, and listen to  Jack Kerouac perform his crazy cool American haikus. After reading an  Emily Dickinson biography and learning she called her poetry “snow,” I  suggest the students name their poetry. Hearing this, they look at me  like I’m stupid, and when I suggest they “loaf and invite their soul” on  a weekend, one of the girls asks if she can do that watching a video.
My  material bombs; explosions resound throughout the room but only I can  hear them. Students insist on rhyming every poem. They’re bored  listening to Kerouac. They have trouble grasping the concept of  metaphor. When I ask each student to choose a poem from a collection of  nearly 50 books in the library that best captures a mood they’ve  recently experienced, and read it aloud, some of the girls recite Mother  Hubbard. Some girls write poems on a single subject – pets. One boy  projectile vomits in the classroom during one of my dramatic readings.  He claims he has the flu and I have to clean it up. Rapidly, I sense  nothing of educational or personal value is happening with this unit,  assuredly the opposite whenever I taught poetry at the high school  level. My sophomores, juniors, and seniors poured it out and poured it  on: love, fear, loss, death, angst, hate, pain, lust, losering, and very  bad sex.
One afternoon during a lesson investigating the poetic  value of popular music, I play David Bowie’s “Heroes” and ask, “What do  you think he’s after when he sings, ‘We can be heroes, for just one  day’?” Nobody says a word and I wait, and wait, staked out naked on an  anthill splashed with honey and Drambuie. What happens next is a first  in my teaching career: I abruptly suspend a lesson in progress because  it’s tanking so badly and I’m a teacher in the throes of professional  disintegration. I cannot continue even though I have 30 minutes to fill  and many more carefully selected pop songs to play, including some of  the girls’ wimpy boy band favorites. It doesn’t matter. I’m whipped  here. The ship of poetic state hath sunk and this captain honors  maritime tradition. “You know,” I say, “I’m going to stop now and we’re  going to move on to something else.” No explanation. No excuses. No  tirades. Lucky for me, seventh and eighth graders are totally oblivious  to a visceral teaching shipwreck in their midst, and they transition  smoothly into our next activity, recess, while I collapse into the easy  chair. It’s now fourth and 35 from my own 10-yard line in the second  quarter of a zero to zero football game for the World Championship of  Teaching Poetry but I won’t punt. I don’t know how to punt when it comes  to poetry, but I have 20 minutes until the students return from recess  to invent a new gadget curriculum play.
They take their seats and I  announce “Poetry Madness,” a hike, tomorrow, rain or shine or gale force  winds. We shall hike a five-mile round journey of Keatsian proportions  down nearby Nestucca Spit to the jaws of the river, to the roiling bar  of Nestucca Bay, where bald eagles soar, to become poets ourselves,  bards of yore, the unacknowledged legislators of the world! Raw nature  will seize us by the throats and strangle the verse forth. We’ll be “mad  to be in contact with it” as Whitman wrote, and I’ll quote that line  before we begin our march down the sand. If these kids aren’t inspired  to embrace poetry after this experience, then literate American  civilization is doomed. The students seem mildly interested in my idea,  and, well, if it means missing class, then…hell!...we love poetry, Matt!  That night I spend an hour on the phone pleading with parents to help  with carpool. I don’t tell them about the sinking ship.
We hit Bob  Straub State Park and Nestucca Spit in the morning on a splendid sunny  morning I might as well have ordered from Wordsworth. Before Poetry  Madness officially begins, I quote Whitman “…urge and urge and urge…” and then 20 students, six parents, one teacher and three dogs, including  Ray, embark on a field trip with no predictable outcome, a teaching  first for me. An hour later the students and I sit in a circle at the  bar’s edge, where the Pacific Ocean slams into Nestucca Bay. We pull out  our journals and list stream-of-consciousness images flooding our  minds. We edit them to a favorite five, then to the ultimate  crystallized 15-syllable image. After that, we read the poems aloud and I  keep interrupting the students to recite louder so we can hear them  over the sound of the crashing surf. I read last and thank the students  for their serious poetic effort.
No more seriousness for one middle  school field trip! We must play and play hard. I choose teams and  announce each one has 45 minutes to construct a poetry fort out of  driftwood worthy of Walt Whitman’s presence. When finished, invite me  over for a poem and a cup of tea. “Ready, go!” I scream. As the students  dash around building forts, sometimes three or four working together to  drag a piece of large driftwood, I get a bonfire raging to roast up  hotdogs.
On the hike back up the Spit, a girl discovers a beached  seal pup and wants to carry it home and call the authorities. The  students plead with her to leave it alone, the mother will return to  feed it. If you touch the pup, the students tell her, voices rising, the  mother might abandon it. I stand back and say nothing, wishing some  mounting peer pressure will win the day. The girl refuses to listen.  She’s been like this all year long with students and adults alike. She  strides toward the pup, a few kids start screaming at her, and the class  turns to me. “Disrupt the disruptor,” the Old Man, a master teacher of  40 years taught me about handling a recalcitrant student in situations  like this. I unsheathe the verb.
“If you pick up that seal, you will  kill it. You will as good as put a bullet in its head and watch it die.  And all because you never listen to anyone. Because you think you know  everything and you know nothing about this. Nothing. Less than nothing.  Everyone here knows more about the seal than you do. I respect you care  about the animal but your feelings are going to murder this baby.  (Pause) Now go ahead and pick it up and we’ll all watch you kill this  seal, right now, right on this beach. It’s all any of us will ever  remember about you. I’ll even write a poem about it.”
She retreats  from the pup and all the kids’ eyes follow her. She walks alone on the  way back, occasionally turning around for a brief look. I don’t say a  word to her for the rest of the day.
Art is not dead
[Posted May 12, 2010]
The manifesto read:
We,  the artists of Newport High School, convey our visions to inspire  others to experiment with innovation. We materialize imagination amidst  rampant uniformity. Our creativity transcends the idle threats of  censorship and financial disadvantages. The impulses to paint, sculpt,  draw, photograph, compose, design, write, dance and act eclipse all  distraction. The nature of creation that courses through our veins and  seeps through our pores promotes purity over corruption. We make a  statement: art is not dead.
Hayley Trivett, editor of Newport High  School’s newspaper The Harbor Light, wrote the manifesto for a special  edition that featured nothing but art and the students who made it.
In  recent years, all the state, local and federal philistines have entered  into a sinister alliance and conspired in plain view to deny students  like Hayley opportunities to make art in their schools and explore the  wonder of what it means to become an artist. These same philistines also  require children to take more math, science and tests, tests, tests,  all in the name of improving the national economy.
At times, I have  observed young people with artistic sensibilities feel powerless to  fight back against the philistines and catch a social disease known as  malaise. Its chief symptom is the use of the word “whatever.” I  sometimes liken my role as a teacher to that of a doctor who specializes  in curing young patients of malaise. Making art is one of my remedies.  Urging the afflicted to visit the beach is another.
Hayley had  written a savage literary manifesto for the special edition, but we also  needed an equally savage visual statement to go along with it. I serve  as the newspaper’s advisor and suggested the staff build a monumental  sculpture on sacred Oregon ground — a publicly-owned beach. They agreed  enthusiastically.
We rendezvoused at South Beach State Park on a  sunny Thursday after school. I brought a shovel and a dog. They brought  muscle, a knife, and cans of spray paint. The beach provided everything  else, as it always does if a person is attune to receive its literal and  metaphorical gifts.
We worked like beavers on energy drinks and it  took us only an hour to build a masterpiece of driftwood and other  flotsam and jetsam. Our angst and joy simultaneously streamed forth as  we let imagination guide our hands and vision. I yelled a lot. I urged  the students to yell too. They did. One girl spray-painted the word “ART” in gold and green on a smooth plank and we wedged the plank into  place so it shot straight to the sky. The artists climbed on the  sculpture, posed, and leapt off. Then they ran wild into the surf and  danced. My dog chased them.
Two weeks later nothing remained of the sculpture. But its making would last forever.
Spreading Ray’s ashes
[Posted April 28, 2010]
I  pulled the truck into the parking lot of Bob Straub State Park. Ray’s  ashes rode shotgun and Sonny the husky jumped for joy in back. She knew  where we were — Nestucca Spit.
My great dog was gone three months  now, a victim of a swift and vicious cancer. I always knew when Ray died  I would return him to Earth at Nestucca Spit, the place where we  rambled together over a thousand times and I launched my writing and  spiritual life.
Today was the day. The grieving needed to end and my  edges needed sharpening. For the occasion, I wanted relentless rain, a  deserted beach, and this being Spring Break on the Oregon Coast, I  normally would have found the Spit in exactly that condition.
But the  sun shone extra bright that morning and to me augured well for my  damaged country at ridiculous war over a question as simple and humane  as whether one of my terribly sick students receives the decent  healthcare she can’t possibly afford. My mom always taught me: help  people. What’s wrong with that?
The wind whipped hard as I walked  Sonny around the dunes for a few minutes. I put her back in the truck,  shouldered a backpack, and headed out with Ray for one last ramble.
I’d  never seen the Spit so crowded, even in the summer! Close to 30 people  and a half dozen dogs frolicked to and fro. It was practically Paris on  Bastille Day. I desperately wanted privacy but hardly begrudged these  vacationers. Better here than Disneyland.
Spreading the ashes to the  wind would never work. Too many humans, too stiff a breeze and the tide  too far out. I needed a new plan.
I hit the beach, began walking  north and then turned back to see a motorcycle a half mile down the  Spit, motoring north. As it approached I noticed a portly man driving it  with a portly boy seated behind him. Strapped to the boy’s back was a  quiver holding two fishing poles. They stopped 50 yards away and I  snapped a few photographs of them for my ongoing documentation of the  decline of American fitness, which pretty much means I take photographs  all the time.
A white pickup with the words “Beach Ranger” emblazoned  on the door cruised into the scene and halted near the motorcycle.  Driving a vehicle is legal on Nestucca Spit, but I wasn’t sure if  motorcycles were allowed. I also didn’t know if spreading your pet’s  ashes was legal. Doubtless, Oswald West would have approved of my plan,  so that settled that.
I walked north away from the law, a green ocean  to my left, until I came upon an ancient, gigantic and snaking root wad  20 yards above the wrack line. It was charred black in some places from  a million campfires and bleached white everywhere else from floating  forever.
My dog will rest here, I thought. I dug a burial chamber in  the sand under the root wad, emptied Ray’s remains, and then propped up  the first picture I ever took of him. I shot a couple of photographs,  covered the ashes with sand, said goodbye aloud to my greatest friend,  and left Nestucca Spit. All around me life went on, including two thin  boys tossing a football.
I turned to look back once. It might take a  few days or weeks for the tide to roll in high enough to reach the root  wad. But it would, and when it did, Ray would return to the sea. I can’t  think of better ending for him — or me — when the proper time comes.
Coyote delivers a message (again)
[Posted April 14, 2010]
I  took to the beach at dawn on the Saturday of the Newport Seafood and  Wine Festival. An English teacher’s work is never done, so I had my  students’ poems stashed in my pocket and thought I might edit if the  weather allowed.
Sonny my invalid husky led the way, with her  bumblebee lope. As I sipped black coffee from a mug advertising a new  anti-psychotic drug, we forged our way through the stunted shore pines  and blooming Scotch broom of South Beach State Park.
Ray entered my  mind. My great writing dog was dead going on two months now and I still  hadn’t decided how to proceed without him — existential, literary, or  canine wise. At times I felt I’d received a message from my intuition or  the natural world, but in the end they all proved opaque.
Sonny and I  ascended a dune and beheld the ocean. I saw a layer cake sky on the  horizon: white, gray, white. The middle layer shined a spotlight at the  water’s edge. I looked north to the jetty and south as far as I could  see — not another human being on the beach. I sat down on the dune and  stared out to sea. Sonny probed the grass for a minute and then came to  rest by my side.
At some point I looked south and saw a medium-sized  dog, about a quarter mile away, coming toward me, running through the  incoming tide with astonishing speed. The spotlight lit him up and he  had the most unusual taut and fluffy body. He then stopped for a second  to sniff or eat something at the wrack line. Suddenly, I noticed the dog  had no master. Then I realized this was no dog.
Coyote ran and ran  and a few seconds later passed in front of me, but not before turning  his head my direction for a good 20 yards, and sending me a message only  a fool would deny. Sonny saw him too and seemed poised to bolt, but I  grabbed her collar and she settled down to watch the show. I listened to  Coyote.
His message? Lighten up. Run like me. Ray would love that. Use me as the metaphor you need to heal.
Coyote  kept on sprinting north, framed against the jetty and the lighthouse,  and I watched him for another half mile. Then he took an abrupt eastward  turn, flew up a 10-foot wall of sand, and vanished into the beach  grass.
I hadn’t brought my camera. I never seem to have it around  when Coyote appears. No big deal. He probably wouldn’t show up on film  anyway.
Eighteen months ago, in this column, I wrote about an  extraordinary encounter Ray and I had with Coyote on the beach. His  appearance coincided during a moment of great personal distress, as I  struggled with the crushing defeat of my campaign to limit human access  to the Nestucca Bay National Wildlife Refuge, a place I served as  caretaker for a decade and put my whole heart into restoring.
In that  encounter, which I remember as vividly if it happened 30 seconds ago,  Coyote imparted a message to me, to release my shame and anger connected  to the defeat. It struck me as absurd to write that back then because I  was no animist. And so I sort of listened to him. Well, not really.
It strikes me as just as absurd to write about Coyote’s new message because I’m still no animist.
This time around, though, I hope I’ve listened better.
Stray thoughts
[Posted March 31, 2010]
In  February, as dusk ended a clear and dry day, I pulled my truck into  South Beach State Park. Sonny, my husky, needed a short walk on the  beach before I attended a fiction workshop at the Newport Public  Library.
My great writing dog and best friend Ray had died in January  and I hadn’t slept or written much since. I thought an evening of  writing fiction might get my mind off sorrowful things and start me  creating again.
Suddenly, approximately 50 yards away, a dog appeared  in my headlights. He wore no collar. He was vaguely brown, somewhat  large, ears pointed upward, an über mutt, and stood stationary in the  grass just off the road. In other words, he looked a lot like Ray, a  stray found near Neskowin back in 1998, who came into my life and helped  me become a writer.
I stopped the truck but kept the engine idling  and the headlights on the dog. I opened the door and stepped onto the  road. A few seconds later the dog bolted into a thicket of shore pine  and Scotch broom. I got back in the truck and circled the day use area  parking lot a couple of time, searching. Nothing.
After walking Sonny  on the beach, I went to the fiction workshop where, interestingly  enough, the writer didn’t have us do any writing. I suppose it didn’t  matter; the stray dominated my thoughts.
The workshop ended and I  headed home. The sign for South Beach State Park came into view. Why  not? I veered into the day use area parking lot, powered down the  windows, slowed to five miles per hour, and began looking. No other  vehicles were around.
The dog rested on the pavement in front of the  restrooms. “There you are,” I said aloud, quietly. I switched on the  high beams, and angled the truck for maximum illumination on the  restroom. The dog didn’t move. He was 15 yards away. I could now see  clearly the dog resembled an American boxer in the face and tail, but  shaggy in coat like Ray. He also looked old.
This dog is going home with me. I am sure this is a message of some kind about Ray — or from Ray.
I  reached behind my seat and opened the “Stray Canine Rescue Kit,” a  necessary item for any dog lover that includes: treats, a leash, thick  gloves, heavy jacket.
With treats in hand, I walked toward the dog,  saying nice things. Behind me, Sonny howled her husky howl from the back  of the truck.
I came within five yards, extended the treats, sat  down on the grass, and then the dog sprinted into the beach grass and  dunes. He stopped some 20 yards away and watched me. I placed the treats  on the sidewalk and returned to the truck. As soon as I shut the door,  the dog raced over and gobbled up the treats.
We basically repeated  this routine for the next 30 minutes until I ran out of treats. The dog  never let me near enough to snap on the leash.
I raced home and  whipped up a hearty meal of fresh hamburger and dog food and placed it  on a tin plate. Five minutes later I circled the deserted day use  parking lot four times looking for the dog. He wasn’t there. I set out  the food and water near the restroom and waited for an hour, grading  papers. He never showed. I didn’t sleep one minute that night.
In the  morning, well before dawn, I stopped by the park on the way school.  Something had eaten the food. I searched the dunes for 10 minutes,  calling out for the dog. Nothing.
How to become an Oregon beach fanatic
[Posted March 16, 2010]
First,  you must visit the beach at least every day — every day! Twice is  better, three times quintessential. Weather is irrelevant. In fact, you  prefer the wind and the rain because they deter weaklings who might  otherwise pollute your moment.
If your job conflicts with visiting  the beach every day, quit the job. If your partner protests your  fanaticism, quit the partner, and imagine meeting the perfect mate on  the beach, during a storm, when driftwood, kelp and foam tumble together  at the wrack line.
Naturally, you won’t meet this person, but  sometimes, to paraphrase a classic song by The Temptations, just your  imagination can help you run away.
Bring a dog or two or three when  you visit the beach. A dog romping on a beach is one of the happiest  sights in the world. This image so utterly obliterates all your  depression and narcissism, that when you leave the beach, you feel fired  up to enact one of those “millions of little moves” we need for  justice, as William Stafford described them in one of his poems. If you  don’t have dog, go adopt one from a shelter, and congratulate yourself  when you do, because you just made one of the moves.
Second, you must  become eternally vigilant to any person, place or thing that dares to  overthrow or undermine the sanctity of Oregon’ publicly-owned beach  legacy. They are legion and they are relentless. You must fight to  protect the state’s “great birthright,” as former Governor Oswald West  defined our beaches. Others Oregonians have, which is why you are  walking the beach for free.
You must honor this heroism for your  children, grandchildren and their dogs. You can do this by writing  haikus about Oregon’s beaches in the sand. Traditionally, haikus lack  political references but these haikus are intended to instruct so it’s  OK.
Finally, if you happen to see a wedding in progress on the beach,  join the assembly, blend in, look happy. When the reverend comes to  that part asking someone to speak up if he knows any reason why the  couple shouldn’t marry, raise your hand and launch into a speech on how  special this nuptial is because it took place on sacred sand. You will  also point out that no one paid a cent to rent the beach nor was  required to obtain a permit. You will end the speech by saying what a  nice name “Oswald” is for a boy and “West” is for a girl.
Stuck in the past
[Posted March 3, 2010]
Six  years ago, my good friend Rose and I, joined by our four dogs, rambled  down Nestucca Spit in Bob Straub State Park on a glorious fall morning.
Suddenly,  a pickup truck with two male passengers blew past us from behind at  close to 50 miles an hour. The roar of the ocean was so loud we never  heard it coming. The driver never once slowed down and nearly ran over  Sonny, my husky.
I cursed the driver and his companion, and turned to  Rose and wished aloud for something specific, just and cosmic to happen — immediately! Approximately 15 seconds later, the driver made an  abrupt eastward turn to avoid a wave. He left the wet sands, found the  dry, and his truck instantly ground to a halt. He was stuck and the tide  was coming in.
Rose and I simultaneously let out exclamations of  joy, sprinkled with a few preferred epithets for emphasis. The gods  heard us for sure.
We stood about a quarter mile from the men and  stopped walking toward them. The dogs stopped too, and lined up to  watch. The driver emerged, surveyed the situation, looked west, and  began searching for driftwood to jam under the submerged wheels in hope  of improving traction.
A minute later, the passenger exited the cab  to assist. On their knees, both men dug in the sand with their hands  around the front wheels. They stuffed driftwood in behind the tires. The  driver got in the truck and the passenger went behind to push. The  engine revved, the sand flew, tires spun, and the truck briefly moved  sideways, and then didn’t move at all. The front wheels were now buried  deeper than before. The men came together, talked, pointed to the  ground, and went back to work. Five minutes after that, and more revving  and flying sand, there hung in the ocean air a mounting sense of  futility that ratcheted up by the second. Then a wave grazed the truck’s  back tires and the ratcheting up was over.
Rose and I watched all of  this and didn’t say a word. The truck rested about a mile and a half  from the parking lot. From a distance, the men appeared typically  American, meaning obese and therefore physically unfit. I doubted their  stamina to walk to a phone and call for help. I saw no cell phone in  use. Neither Rose nor I had a cell phone with us.
“Should we help them?” I asked.
“No way!” said R. “They deserve it.”
I wanted to mull my next move over. I wondered: What could be taught here by doing something? Or nothing?
“Let’s go,” I said.
Rose  and I turned around, called the dogs, and headed to the parking lot.  She skipped a bit on the sand while the dogs darted around her. I lagged  behind, but never looked back.
My decision went against my mother, a  retired elementary school teacher, who taught me to help others in  obvious distress, without question or judgment. The story of the Good  Samaritan is very big with her. Instead, I followed the advice of my  father, a retired secondary school teacher. In some obvious teaching  situations, he often counseled doing nothing was the best way to  educate. Allow the student to learn the lesson himself.
The next morning I went to the Spit alone with the dogs. No truck. All signs of its capture had been erased by the high tide.
Six  years ago I thought I made the right decision by not helping the men.  Since the incident I have used the story as a prompt with my students in  writing about ethics. Their articulate and concise reasons for reaching  out to the men have totally changed my mind. I can recall many of the  best pieces, but two stand out. One girl wrote, “By not helping the men,  Mr. Love became just like them, someone he doesn’t even like.” Another  girl wrote: “I thought you were a writer. Aren’t writers curious?”
Yes,  they are. Or should be. I realize now the better story would have been  to go right up to the men, without judgment, and offer to help. Then see  what happened.
Sandy sacrilege
[Posted Feb. 17, 2010]
The  sun rose brightly on our national holy day and by noon most of the  flock had taken to drink and barbecued flesh. It was Super Bowl Sunday  on the Oregon Coast and across the country, and the flock was ready to  get it on in, worshipping their secular gridiron gods (and their  advertisers) on shiny flatscreen altars.
I don’t subscribe to cable  television but wanted to worship a little bit myself, so I hit Newport’s Bayfront and found a seat at the end of a bar overlooking the sea  lions. I wrote my Old Man a letter while the pregame festivities went on  and on and on.
The game finally started and I felt zombified after  three possessions and all the loud commercials. About the only thing  even remotely interesting wasn’t even happening on the field. Rather, it  occurred when a grizzled fisherman brushed past me on the way to the  jukebox, talking to himself or his other personality — I wasn’t sure.
I  expected slicked-up country crap or something by .38 Special. Instead  he played English Beat and when “Save It For Later” came on, he  exclaimed, “I love this band!” That a Newport fisherman loved a  semi-obscure late 70s/early 80s ska band was almost enough to keep me  around into the second quarter. But he left, so I did too.
Sonny, my  husky, rode in the back of the truck and howled as we crossed the  Yaquina Bay Bridge. I knew what she wanted and she always gets her way  with me. We’d already visited the beach twice that morning, but the  weather ranked as one of the finest days in February I’ve seen in 13  years on the coast, so we headed to South Beach State Park for another  romp.
Close to 50 vehicles filled the parking lot and the large  number surprised me — this was Super Sunday and the game was on! Who  were these infidels? I checked the license plate of every vehicle. All  Oregon.
But of course.
I rolled down my window to ask a couple  their reason for visiting the beach at such a sacrilegious time. “A  game? Who’s ahead?” the man asked. “The Sox?”
Sonny and I took our  usual forested path to the beach and then ascended a dune that provided a  matchless view that stirred the souls of St. Tom McCall, St. Oswald  West, St. Bob Straub and St. Matt Kramer: about 50 or so men, women,  children and dogs recreating on their publicly-owned beaches and not  paying a cent for the privilege.
They ran, they walked, they waded, they built forts in the driftwood. I think I even saw a football tossed around.
One  elderly couple captured my attention. They hustled to and fro on the  beach in preparation to launch a kite. I sat down on the sand with Sonny  and watched them. I pulled my camera out.
The kite made it aloft on  the first try and floated this way and that. I would say it danced more  than floated. A few minutes later the kite returned to earth and the  couple launched it again. This routine lasted for 20 minutes and I  marveled at the couple’s precise teamwork. In all that time, it didn’t  appear as if they said one word to one another.
I heard later the  game went down to the wire and the Saints won. I also heard that the  Nielsen ratings service estimated that 106.5 million people watched the  Super Bowl, a new record for American television. The previous mark was  105.97 million in 1983 for the last episode of M*A*S*H.
Saying goodbye to my best friend, Ray
[Posted Feb. 3, 2010]
The  waitress brings over dark ale. I sit in a lounge overlooking the beach  and outside the rain drifts left, rips right, up, down, folds over, then  unfolds. The sky is saturated and weighs down the gulls bouncing along  southward. How many shades of gray can you count during a winter storm  on the Oregon Coast? Would some artist please paint a gigantic oil that  captures them all?
My mind goes to the best friend I’ve ever had. He  died on January 8 and I held him close at the end, telling him how much  I loved him and would miss our times together. His name was Ray, my old  shepherd mutt, my sidekick in this column, and I euthanized him after a  short, terrible bout with cancer.
Twelve years ago he came into my  life as an emaciated stray found on Highway 101 by a teaching colleague.  I hadn’t written a word about Oregon until I met Ray; now I’m close to a  million. When I reflect upon on all that I’ve written since 1998, Ray  appears in print about 70 percent of the time, including serving as an  important character in my last three non-fiction books.
Ray and I  roamed all over the Pacific Northwest, but the beach was our special  place. I like to think we set some kind of record by visiting every  city, county, state and federal beach park on the Oregon Coast.
It’s  obvious to me now that his presence constituted one of the main reasons  I became a writer and write almost exclusively about Oregon. He made me  get up in the mornings with his staccato grunts and stoic stares, take  him to the beach, and as a result, something creative happened inside me  and I began to write.
I picked up his ashes a while back and at some  point will drive to Nestucca Spit in Bob Straub State Park where Ray  and I rambled a thousand times when I lived in the area and served as  caretaker of the Nestucca Bay National Wildlife Refuge. What adventures  we had on the Spit! But this is our last one. Goodbye old friend. I owe  you so much.
Add to the chorus of ocean voices
Over  the years, in the course of my reading, teaching and inveterate beach  rambling, I’ve recorded my favorite quotations about the ocean and often  write columns with some of these lines in my head.
I also begin  every school year with my senior English students by having them write a  150-200 word, non-fiction response to one of these quotes. The only  requirement is integrating the quote into the essay.
This assignment  typically produces the best writing of the year and I suspect it’s  because my students have such an intimate, Oregon-centric connection to  the ocean and beach. We talk in class — or I should say, I sermonize — about Oregon’s legacy of publicly-owned beaches. They know the inspiring  history of how it came to be and how they directly benefit from the  work of others.
Funny how that sort of thing never appears on a state test.
Their  pieces range far and wide but my favorite subjects are: the  skipping-class-on-a-sunny-day or  sneaking-out-at-night-to-go-to-the-beach narratives.
Perhaps some of  you ocean/beach fanatics might like to try this assignment too. It seems  like half the people I meet on the Oregon coast are working on a book  anyway, so consider this a warm-up exercise. Send me your responses and  if something seizes my attention, I’ll run it in this space in a future  issue. Have fun!
Walt Whitman
You sea! I resign myself to you also — I guess what you mean / I behold from the beach your crooked inviting fingers…
Henry David Thoreau
Creeping along the endless beach amid the sun-squall and the foam, it occurs to us that we, too, are the product of sea-slime.
Lord Byron
Roll on, thou deep and dark blue Ocean — roll!
John Keats
Oh ye! who have your eyeballs vexed and tired / feast them upon the wideness of the sea.
Richard Hugo
The Ocean has the last word on
possession.
That instant, that clear space, that bright room inside a wave
Led Zeppelin
Singing to an ocean, I can hear the ocean’s roar. Play for free, play for me and play a whole lot more!
Edna St. Vincent Millay
That I am weary of words and people / sick of the city, wanting the sea.
Rachel Carson
There  is no drop of water in the ocean, not even in the deepest parts of the  abyss, that does not know and respond to the mysterious forces that  create the tide.
D.H. Lawrence
I am the sea, I am the sea
E.B. White
The sea answers all questions, and always in the same way.
Richard Hugo
On this dishonored, this perverted globe / we go back to the sea and the sea opens for us.
Neil Young
The ocean, the drug that makes you dream.
Jim Harrison
I  sat on numerous beaches and stared at the ocean until it was an ocean  inside my head. The experience was a world away from the American idea  of God as someone who drove around in a dump truck full of figurative  candy to toss to deserving people if you beckoned him properly. The  ocean was a god unknown, galactic, and in her own quiet way maybe  enjoyed the moon as much as we did, what with the way the ocean gets  pushed around by the moon and her tidal energies.
Steve Miller
A heart that is 'barefoot always'
[Posted Jan. 6, 2010]
Not  too long ago, while grading papers in a Newport bistro within view of  the ocean, I overheard a conversation between a father and daughter.
From  what I gathered, they weren’t locals and had met in Newport, at the  beach, because it lay conveniently between their respective cities.
She  neared completion her bachelor’s degree in a social science field. He  looked the very picture of a businessman in a fast paced sector of the  service economy. He was in his late 40s.
They discussed her plans  after graduation. She broached the idea of living at the beach for a  year and working at some retail job, then going back to school and  teaching. She wasn’t sure. Who really knows anything at 21? She just  wanted away from an academic routine and a college town. She also felt  the call of the sea, the old sound of the ocean. I heard it my early 30s  and have never left. I sort of wish I had heard it when I was her age.
Her father wasn’t really opposed because he didn’t hear a word she said and launched into an agenda – his agenda.
“Take  the GRA (sic) and get into a professional school. Then I’ll help you  with a house and you can cover the mortgage once you get a job.”
Next,  he suggested she think about acquiring a new, more reliable car. He  would help her with the down payment and then she could handle the  payments.
She didn’t object but she didn’t assent either. She held  her water glass aloft in the most curious way. To me, she appeared  almost in a daze. The idea of assuming a large amount of debt for  material objects tends to daze me too, which is probably why I drive a  truck with 250,000 miles on it.
Suddenly I was overwhelmed by the  contrasting metaphors between the daughter’s desires for her near future  and the father’s desires for her far flung one.
She wanted to hear  Neil Young’s “Harvest”; he stopped listening to rock ‘n roll years ago.  She wanted to surf; he wanted her to drive. She wanted to saunter down  the beach; he wanted her to jaywalk on asphalt. She wanted a heart that  was “barefoot always” as Emily Dickinson put it; he wanted her heart to  wear heels.
Could the father and daughter ever seize upon a metaphor they could both get behind?
I’ll  never know. I do know that I feel incredibly lucky to have had parents  who accepted the metaphor I constructed for myself in my 20s. They  actually helped me construct it, even though they didn’t understand what  I was doing. I like to think that if I’d ever had children, I would  have done the same, that I would have suggested to my daughter that  having a heart that is “barefoot always” is just fine.
What's the deal with George Diel?
The  12 days of Christmas approached and the weather turned frigid. I drove  north on Hwy. 101 to a literary gig in Cannon Beach and the holiday  spirit eluded me. The very idea of tiny little tots with their cell  phones all aglow induced nausea. I saw a Salvation Army Santa washing  down a hot dog with a Rockstar and overheard Bob Dylan’s new Christmas  album. Seeing fresh clearcuts in the Coast Range didn’t help either.
I  needed something, anything, a divine or pagan intervention, an  unexpected gesture or gift, a miracle or existential mind bomb,  something to pulverize the incipient Scrooge within me.
The dogs  bounced along in the back of the truck as we coasted through Rockaway.  They needed a romp on the beach, and Sonny the husky howled her demand. I  call it her beach voice and it rules my life.
I pulled off Hwy. 101  into the Manhattan Beach Wayside, just north of Rockaway. The park’s  host displayed a little Christmas tree on the dash of a 40-foot RV. It  was really festive but did absolutely nothing for me.
A plaque  affixed to a large rock at the entrance to the parking lot caught my  eye. I’ve visited Manhattan Beach Wayside many times over the years, but  never noticed it. I’ll check it out after the beach, I thought. The sun  was fading and I wanted to see its demise out over the Pacific.
I  let the tailgate down and lifted my two old invalid furry friends to the  ground. We walked to the beach, although “gimped” probably is a better  verb for the dogs when we ramble the sand these days. They’re not much  longer for this world and when they’ve departed, this column ends.
After  the walk, I loaded the dogs and drove to the plaque. I left the truck  idling and went over for a quick inspection, thinking I’d probably learn  something about a long dead local timber baron or civic booster. I  didn’t bring anything to take notes.
An image of an elderly-looking and bespectacled man was etched into the plaque.  It read, in part:
“Commemorating Dr. George Diel
1912-1986
Advocate of the belief that Oregon’s beaches belong to the people and should remain in perpetuity the unspoiled legacy of all.
A  prime initiator of Oregon’s historic beach preservation law. Cofounder  of the Oregon Shores Conservation Coalition, an organization for the  protection of Oregon’s coastline...”
As regular readers of this  column know, I worship the “unspoiled legacy” of Oregon’s publicly owned  beaches. It is no exaggeration when I say that I have written (and  read) more words on this subject that anyone in the history of Oregon.
Who  was Dr. George Diel? I had never heard of him. I had thought the Matt  Kramer Memorial in Oswald West State Park was the only monument to the  Beach Bill, the famous 1967 state law that helped preserve the dry sand  areas of our ocean beaches from privatization. I knew all the heroes and  villains from that epic story. Or so I thought. Was there another  unsung hero?
I ran back to the truck and snapped a couple of bad  photos with a cheap point and shoot film camera I carry for journalism  emergencies.
Some six hours later I was back home consulting the  bible on state park history, “Oregon’s Highway Park System, 1921-1989,  an Administrative History.” The Manhattan Beach Wayside was established  in the early 1970s after the state acquired the property from  Publisher’s Paper Company following litigation. There is no mention of  Dr. George Diel or the plaque.
I entered the doctor’s name in a few  internet search engines and learned he received the Feinstone  Environmental Award in 1976. He lived in either Twin Rocks or Rockaway.  He was active in the lobbying to pass Oregon’s historic land use law in  1973.
And that was all. But it won’t be after I start digging.
I  received the best Christmas gift at the Manhattan Beach Wayside — a  story, an Oregon beach story. I could now deck the halls and dive into  the figgy pudding!
If you know anything about Dr. George Diel, please contact me .
The Wading Man
[Posted Dec. 9, 2009]
Where  is the line of intervention a caring human being should — must — cross  when another human being is on the verge of annihilation and apparently  needs help? Maybe no such line exists. Maybe all of us have our own  existential journeys to complete and no one should deign to intervene.
The  first day we saw him he stood almost waist deep in the Pacific Ocean  and dodged here and there to avoid incoming waves. He neither advanced  nor retreated.
My associate and I sat on some accursed riprap and  watched him from 150 yards away. He wore surfer shorts and a blue  t-shirt, appeared heavy set, and left a neatly folded towel at the wrack  line. The temperature hovered near an unseasonably warm 60 degrees on  the last Saturday in October.
The man just stood there for five, 10,  20 minutes. He never once turned to look at the shore; he never once let  the water rise above his waist. I’ve rambled Oregon coast beaches close  to 2,000 times since moving here in 1997 and I’ve never seen anything  like this. It was not normal beach behavior.
My associate and I  talked about the man, wondering if he was in some sort of personal  distress. We made up stories about him. We guessed: how long would he  stand out there?
Finally, we had to leave. We passed within 75 yards  of the man and then took the path back to the house. Neither one of us  remotely considered going up to him and asking about his welfare.
The  next day my associate and I rambled a long way down the beach under  overcast skies at 3 p.m. As we made our way up the path, I noticed the  same red sedan in the parking lot from yesterday come to a stop. The  same man from the beach emerged and he wore a generic Sunday church  suit. I pegged him at 55 years of age. From 50 yards away, we saw him  change into his surfer shorts and blue t-shirt. He shut the car door and  started walking west, to the sea. No towel. The waves looked hairy to  me, much rougher than the previous afternoon.
We tracked the man’s  slow, slightly angled walk to the ocean. His fists were clenched the  entire way, a detail I noticed when I began taking photographs of him.  He walked right into the water until it reached his waist. He then  dodged here and there to avoid incoming waves. He neither advanced nor  retreated. We watched him for 15 minutes.
Where is that line?
I  told my associate I had to inspect his car: Chevy Impala. No dents and  no rust. Fairly clean inside except for a few CD cases littered on the  floor of the back seat. I couldn’t see one title! I wanted to know what  music he listened to before he walked into the ocean. Who was he? What  was he doing out there?
Three women came up the path and surprised  us. They mentioned the man’s odd behavior. “Should we call it in?” one  of them asked. I told them we saw the man at exactly the same time  yesterday and he did exactly the same thing. We all discussed the  situation for several minutes and then reached a consensus. No one  called. We watched for another five minutes and then walked away.
At 3 p.m. the next day I visited the beach alone. The man wasn’t there, but neither was the Impala.
I  know I want to end my sentient journey on earth by throwing myself into  Hart’s Cove on Cascade Head and returning to the beginning of all life — the ocean. When that time comes, please don’t try to stop me. I won’t  need an intervention although it could look like it from afar. But I  suppose there’s nothing wrong with someone coming up to me and asking  how I am. I’ll say, quoting The Beatles, “I Feel Fine.”
Can't find a better (beach) man
You  vex me sir. You haunt me. You assault me. With your legendary rambling  you challenge my self-anointed title as “Oregon’s Most Hard Core Beach  Walker.”  
I don’t know your name. I don’t know who you are. I do  know we share an obsession — to ramble down Oregon’s publicly owned  ocean beaches at all hours, at all costs. I also know we’d both break up  with a partner who would dare carry an umbrella on the beach or listen  to anything but the old sound of the ocean.
A few bits and pieces of  information about you have come my way. According to acquaintances, you  work in marine science and walk 10-15 miles a night, every night,  regardless of the weather. I also hear you suck others into your vortex  with e-mail and text message blasts to rendezvous at this or that  Newport-area beach and share a towering bonfire of your own making. For  all I know, at the bonfire, you strum Metallica covers on guitar, roast  animal flesh, slake your thirst with cheap beer, and dance like the  unhinged lads in “Lord of the Flies”!
Everyone who knows of you and  me says we have to meet; that we are brothers forged of Oswald West’s  sand and salt; that we worship Tom McCall and Bob Straub; that our  entire physical and mental well being depends on daily visits to the  beach.
We might have met once. In my latest book, “Super Sunday in  Newport,” I describe an encounter last year on the beach with a man who  was walking at dawn in torrential rainstorm. I wrote: “He wears a hooded  sweatshirt without using the hood and the rain has turned his faded  Levis a dark blue. He also wears Jimmy Connors-era white tennis shoes  without socks. He has no hiking accoutrements whatsoever, not even a  canteen…he tells me he’s walking from the south jetty in Newport to Lost  Creek and back. I add up the miles. Close to twelve…”
Was that you? It had to be!
Name  the time and beach sir. We’ll walk and walk and walk. We’ll outdo  Charles Dickens and his daily 20-mile walk through London. We’ll outdo  the Romantic poets and their epic walking tours through the Lake  District. We’ll cruise Oregon’s “great birthright.” We’ll suck the  marrow out of it and won’t pay a cent for the privilege. We’ll swap hard  core beach stories of the type that only men like us could possibly  understand.
Are you game? And if you are a better beach man than me, I will admit it.
The One and only Ona Beach
[Posted Nov. 11, 2009]
During  the wonderfully crisp October days and nights on the Oregon Coast, I’ve  loaded up the dogs and taken them to Ona Beach, seven or so miles south  of Newport.
Normally I never recommend hanging out at a beach that  abuts Hwy. 101, but Ona is a glaring exception. Something gloriously  subtle or gloriously spectacular always unfolds there and I suspect  Beaver Creek is the reason. It empties into the Pacific at Ona Beach and  creates a meandering little estuary that attracts an astonishing  variety of wildlife and eccentric human beings. Which is exactly why  living near a bigger estuary, say Yaquina, Nehalem or Nestucca Bays  makes for such interesting times. I’m sorry, but living near a lake  can’t possibly compare.
Here’s just a partial list of what I’ve observed at Ona Beach during the last year:
Sea  lions, seals, Old Believers, star gazers, a man practicing his sand  wedge, hundreds of pelicans, a troubadour, poems for Bob Marley, peace  signs in the sand, forts, pillboxes, altars, cairns, salmon, beavers,  otters, blue herons, bald eagles, bonfires, Texans, bottle scavengers,  landscape painters, a bicyclist riding on the beach, a woman walking to  the Oregon Country Fair, dreadlocked campers, homeless ramblers, gulls, a  romantic breakup (not mine), tai chi, post modern sand castles, and  what appeared to be a group of people on a silent retreat.
I might also add that I didn’t pay a cent to observe any of this, which makes it all the better.
Ona  has always struck me as a curious word. I consulted the Bible on such  matters, “Oregon Geographic Names,” and it suggests the name originates  from the Chinook lingua franca. If true, that adds even more mystery to  this beach.
As I said, Hwy. 101 runs right next to Ona Beach but I  hardly sense its baleful presence once I hike away from the parking area  and down to the creek. The cell phone reception is pretty bad there  too, meaning that St. Tom McCall or St. Bob Straub must have blessed  this beach from beyond the grave. Not that I’ve tried to call anyone  from there myself, but I’ve watched people from a distance gesture in  frustration when trying to talk on the phone. I will never understand  this type of human being, especially if they grew up in Oregon.
6:20  a.m. and my dog Sonny the husky just ruffled the blinds on the glass  front door. That’s her signal—time for Ona, Matt, so quit working on the  book and let’s roll! I poured some black coffee in my Big Pharma travel  mug and we were off to watch the sun rise.
Matt Love is the  publisher of Nestucca Spit Press  (www.nestuccaspitpress.com). He lives  in South Beach and was recently awarded the Stewart Holbrook Literary  Legacy Award for his contributions to Oregon literature. He can be  reached at lovematt100@yahoo.com. His new book, “Super Sunday in  Newport: Notes From My First Year in Town,” is available in bookstores  along the coast or through his web site.
Halloween on the Nestucca Spit
[Posted Oct. 30, 2009]
It  was two years ago, when I still served as caretaker of the Nestucca Bay  National Wildlife Refuge in South Tillamook County and visited my  favorite place in the world…
About an hour of multi-colored light  left before Halloween night comes to Nestucca Spit. I want a quick run  with the dogs before retiring for the evening with a novel.
What a  grand fall football day it was! Cold. Dry. Sunny. Alder leaves dropping.  No wind. Perfect weather for young men to knock the hell out of each  other and suicide beautifully on a freshly limed field. It even smells  like football season in Pacific City, with all the smoke from the nearby  slash fires drifting through the air.
All the world’s a campout tonight, if you are of the right mind to recognize it.
I  pull into the parking lot of Bob Straub State Park and see a young thin  man walking in the dunes with his eyes pointed to the ground. Odd. But  stranger things have been seen on the Spit so … whatever.
The dogs  and I ramble down the beach for a few minutes and then encounter a shiny  and red truck stuck fast in the sand. Two large men kneel at the  truck’s back tires. The tide’s receding so the waves pose no immediate  danger.
I walk up to the men, who sport red faces, W.C Fields’ noses,  who most assuredly exude a Brokeback Beach sort of vibe, which is cool  by me and The Spit. It never discriminates on the basis of sexual  orientation; it just wants you on the beach doing your thing.
“Hello,” I say, “what’s the problem?”
“We  thought we’d drive to the end. We’ve never seen it. We’re not sure  about how to drive this so we thought we’d stop and let some air out. Is  the tide coming in?”
“No. You should be able to make it to the end.  No problem. It’s really incredible there. I live around here and it’s  worth the trip.”
I offer to push the truck in attempt to set it free.  Much to my surprise, the scheme works! The men say thanks, and as the  truck lumbers past on its way down The Spit, I entertain serious doubts  it will ever return.
The dogs and I continue for a half mile or so  and then head east into the dunes for the route back to the parking lot.  In the dunes, I see the young man again. He holds a paper grocery bag.  The dogs sniff him out and then fan out to hunt coyotes.
“Hey, how’s it going?” I ask.
“Great. What a day huh?”
“Fantastic. Do you mind me asking what’s in the bag?”
“Mushrooms. I sell them to a local restaurant. I get $5 a pound.”
Sure you do, dude.
“Happy Halloween,” I say.
“Same to you.”
We  make it back to the parking lot at dusk. I load the dogs in the truck  and am about to enter the cab when I notice a middle-aged man reading a  magazine in the truck. Odd at any time at the Spit, but with the sun  going down in pulsing oranges and yellows over the beach, a hundred  yards away? On Halloween? Double plus odd.
I have to see what he’s  reading — the writer in me, you know? I pretend to go pick up a shred of  paper near his truck. He pays me no mind. I get close enough to see the  magazine’s cover — Playboy.
As I drive home, I notice a few kid  trick or treaters in Pacific City starting their rounds. They skip along  in flimsy costumes, with parents in the background, excited about the  dry weather and potential for a lavish candy haul. At that moment, I  envy their youth and can only hope many years will pass before these  children will think of big trucks, psychedelics and pornography.
Bridge crossing was a riveted experience
A  man can’t always walk on the beach. I like to think walking the beach  can take me anywhere I want to go, and while that’s true of my mind,  it’s not true of other destinations.
I stood before the south  approach to the Yaquina Bay Bridge, Federal Emergency Administration of  Public Works Project No. 932, and most of it wasn’t there. Fog nearly  swallowed all the soaring green steel.
What an imperfect morning to  try and conquer one of my greatest fears! I’ve always had a fear of  heights. It’s why I fell off the roof and broke my arm in third grade. I  couldn’t walk 50 feet on the Golden Gate Bridge. I never went to the  top of the Eiffel Tower or Empire State Building.
I began to walk the  plank and noticed a smashed gull in the road. A cormorant flew over me;  a cormorant flew under me. A man holding a Dutch Bros coffee in his  right hand and a maple bar in his left strolled south on the opposite  sidewalk. I think he was whistling.
RVs blew by and shook the deck. Please Mother Earth! Don’t let a log truck come along! One did.
How many people have jumped off the bridge? Fallen off? Blown off? How many survived?
Damn  you, Conde McCullough! I curse you for designing something so  beautiful, so alluring, so bewitching, with such gorgeous curves … sort  of like my last girlfriend. She dumped me.
I began to run. I stopped  after 20 yards, ducked inside one of the ornate turrets to compose  myself, read some ungrammatical graffiti, and heard sea lions bark and  grunt in the direction of the Bayfront.
Then I examined the girders,  rivets, nuts and bolts the Depression-era boys put into exquisite place  in 1936. Socialism, it was called, and it built this beautiful bridge  and it built it well. That was about the most comforting thought I could  muster from the middle of the bridge, 133 feet above the bay.
The  walk resumed, faster now, and I saw a man driving an 18-wheeler,  texting. A moment later, an obese state worker inspecting something with  a hand-held meter approached me and we exchanged “hellos.” I rushed  through the other turret and didn’t stop to read, although I did notice a  peace sign drawn in chalk.
I never once looked down, which would have been fine since there was nothing to see.
Fifteen  minutes later I crossed the Yaquina Bay Bridge on foot for the first  time. I turned around: son of a b — I had to walk back in two hours.
Cells vs. Novels: Distinct Distractions
[Posted Oct. 1, 2009]
As August came to a close, I walked the dogs to the beach on a sunny Saturday afternoon.
The  beach was uncomfortably packed, meaning several adults, six children  and two dogs enjoyed themselves, but I paid them no mind. I planned on  heading south, far from the madding crowd, and look for fresh equations  of sweet horny math written in the sand by love-struck teenagers. Or  better yet, senior citizens.
Before I vacated the area, I took notice  of the children; two six-year old girls building a sandcastle, two  seven-year old boys building a dam in the creek, and two 11-year old  girls reclining on a beach towel, text messaging with dizzying speed.
OK,  no big deal on the text messaging, I think. The girls wanted to inform  their friends what a great time they were having on Oregon’s  publicly-owned beaches and their parents wanted the ability to reach  them at all times. Yes, all perfectly understandable but still, I’m glad  I didn’t grow up in an era when my parents could find me all the time.  If they could have, I doubt I’d have many memorable stories from my  youth.
A half hour later I returned from my ramble and the girls were  still at it. I sat down with the dogs and watched the children play for  another 15 minutes. The girls kept texting.
Before I judged the  girls too harshly with easy condemnation that comes from getting older  (remember what adults used to say about the insidious effects of comic  books and rock and roll?), I wondered: was their use of cell phones any  different than if both were reading novels? Both activities are  inherently unrelated to the beach and transport you away from the  immediacy of the ocean. You are not really there. Or are you?
Later  that evening, I e-mailed a friend about what I’d witnessed and my  confusion over what it meant. Her excellent response is worth quoting in  full here:
“The difference between cell phones and novels on the  beach is basically threefold: 1) One is aesthetically romantic and  pleasing, the other is not. How much more likely would you be to  approach a woman who was reading versus one who was ferociously typing  away at her mobile keyboard? What would catch an artist’s eye? Sand  caught between pages is sentimental; sand caught between buttons is  detrimental.
“2) Novel reading is collaborative, an active and  dynamic immersion in human culture and experience. It enhances (if  engaged in properly, with enough ready breaks and distractions) a beach  experience ... whereas a cell phone detracts from it, cutting kids off  from the surrounding world and any edifying or memorable engagement, and
“3)  One activity is monitored and encouraged by the government and society  at large. One is (dependent on your muse) in almost direct opposition.  Rebellious revolution or indulgent transparency?”
And what about other electronic devices on the beach, such as handheld  video games, movie players and iPods, all three of which I’ve seen in  use in recent months?
Isn’t the beach enough? If you don’t want a  relationship to the ocean, which is truly about a reflective  relationship to yourself, why bother going?
Here’s my rule. No  electronic devices of any kind. (You can carry a phone for emergencies  but turn off the ringer and vibrator.)  I suppose GPS units are okay,  but remember “Let’s Get Lost,” that great song by Chet Baker?  How about  living it every now and then?
I will grant one exception to my rule:  you can text or call someone from the beach, imploring them to drop  whatever they are doing and join you immediately.
Catch a starry night, before they Gogh
[Posted Sept. 16, 2009]
Amateur  astronomers sometimes classify nighttime darkness on the (nine-point)  Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, which is based on a number of criteria, among  them ‘limited magnitude,’ or the faintest celestial objects that are  visible without magnification…
“The Dark Side,” The New Yorker,
by David Owen [ Read the article here. ]
4:40  a.m. A Wednesday in late August. I wake up and know immediately I must  race to the beach and watch the stars before going to work. I don’t know  why I know this. A feeling just overtakes me. It’s not like we get to  see stars all that much here on the Oregon coast anyway. And if they are  out, you have to get up early or stay up late. I much prefer the  former. It’s a special time when so much good seems possible from a day.
It takes me five minutes to put my clothes on and load the dogs in the truck.
We  reach the sand after taking the path to the beach. The dogs disappear  into the void but I can hear their tags jingle here and there. I think  they’re fired up too.
I look up. Overhead, a sky so full of stars it staggers me. Black barely manages to twinkle through the white.
“In  Galileo’s time, nighttime skies all over the world would have merited  the darkest Bortle ranking, Class 1. Today the sky above New York City  is Class 9, and at the other extreme of the scale, American suburban  skies are typically Class 5, 6, or 7. The darkest places in the  continental United States today are almost never darker than Class 2,  and are increasingly threatened…”
In “The Dark Side,” Owen  describes the situation where air and light pollution have diminished or  extinguished most urban and suburban peoples’ (meaning the vast  majority of humanity) ability to see celestial objects in the nighttime  sky where they live. It was one of the saddest articles I have ever read  and portends something, I sense, truly dire for humanity, although I am  not sure what shape or direction the calamity will take. It is utterly  unfathomable for me to imagine how children will turn out as adults if  they never see the stars. And what of those adults who forget what stars  look like? What will we have lost? What will it mean to us when our  ancient connection to the heavens has been irretrievably ruptured? What  of star crossed lovers and all that? What of those splayed in the  gutters who need to see the stars? How will we steer ourselves on the  uncharted sea? What will become of us? Has science fiction at least  weighed in on this looming human and planetary catastrophe?
This  morning has to be a Class 3 dark-sky! This must be a one-in-a-million  nighttime sky at the Oregon coast. I jog down the beach inhaling the  heavens, if a sight can be said to be inhaled. The dippers. Milky Way.  Moon. That’s all I can identify and I took a college astronomy course. I  wish I could point out all the constellations, galaxies, major stars,  planets, satellites and the Hubble Telescope shining before my eyes.  That I can’t recognize any of them also portends something dire. I  should know their names! I should teach them to my students and assign  stargazing for unwritten poetry homework, before it’s too late, even  here in rural Oregon, before the stars are taught exclusively as dead  history and no one writes poems about seeing them anymore. How come the  state requires students to solve algebraic equations to graduate instead  of recognizing constellations? I bet we’d turn out better Americans if  we did.
“…civilization’s assault on the stars…deprives many of us of a direct relationship with the nighttime sky.”
The  dogs and I walk south down the beach and then turn around.  I look up  again but the stars don’t seem quite as brilliant because flood lights  from perpetually vacant beachfront obscure them.
These accursed and  unnecessary lights deprive me of a direct and privileged relationship to  all the stars out over my local beach at that dark moment in time. I  was cheated of seeing a full magical sky of undiluted celestial  contrast. And I deserve this view because I got up!
This sky may  never come again, for me or anyone else in the ever-polluted future who  still cares about such far away scintillating overhead things, if there  are any such people left a century from now. Left at the Oregon coast or  anywhere for that matter.
‘Sexy’ is in the eye of the beachcomber
[Posted Sept. 2, 2009]
“North  America’s Sexiest Beaches” read the provocative June headline on  Forbestraveler.com. Naturally, being the obsessed man of the beach that I  am, I clicked on the link and perused the list compiled by Thomas  Kohnstamm.
Here are a few of the highest ranking beaches and what Kohnstamm said about their alleged sexy quotient:
“South  Beach, Miami — What is South Beach? Is it Versace or Daisy Dukes? Is it  Winter Music Conference, Art Basel or Spring Break? South Beach is all  of the above and more: from highbrow chic to kitsch hedonism. Either way  it is one of a kind.
Main Beach, East Hampton, N.Y. — Hop the train  or a chartered plane from North America’s sexiest city to its closest  (and poshest) summer getaway. On the South Fork of Long Island, shingled  mansions rise out of the dunes and play host to the summer party  circuit for New York’s high rollers and beautiful people.
Kitsilano  Beach, Vancouver, B.C. — British Columbia is known as Lotusland and  Vancouver, North America’s third largest center of film production, is  known as Hollywood North. Vancouver’s Kitsilano Beach is where sexy  locals and Hollywood interlopers relish the opportunity to peel down to  their swimsuits and flaunt what they’ve got among the sand, beachwood  and mountain vistas.
La Jolla Cove, San Diego — This beach is less  about crowds of gawkers and tourists and more about fit surfers, locals,  snorkelers, and international visitors who are true beach aficionados.  La Jolla is a San Diego gem and one of the top beaches in all of  California.”
The Oregon Coast didn’t rate one mention.
Not long  after reading Forbes Traveler’s hopelessly unimaginative list of what a  sexy beach is, I looked at a psychedelic sky from my deck and knew a  spectacular summer sunset was about to unfold. That’s a rare event  around here and I wanted to see it from the beach, so I hurried along  and within minutes found myself on the sand staring west. The  temperature hovered around 55 degrees and a slight breeze blew south to  north.
At first I noticed the extreme low tide, but then something else came into view and I suddenly lost all interest in the sunset.
I  saw a woman of indeterminate age walk toward the ocean with her dog  chasing to and fro. No one else was around. Approximately 50 feet from  the water, the woman stopped and stripped down to a dark-colored  two-piece ensemble that I assumed was her bathing suit. Perhaps not. To  me, her body language suggested a total and sexy spontaneity, you know,  of the type that would get you kicked off most of “North American’s  Sexiest Beaches” by security guards. She didn’t have a towel.
The  woman sprinted to the ocean and kept running until the water reached her  waist. Her dog followed. They danced together in the waves for a couple  of minutes as orange, red, blue and purple layered the sky and then ran  back to where her clothes rested. She dressed slowly and went on her  way down the beach.
She didn’t pay a cent for her swim and I didn’t pay a cent to watch, which really is what Oregon Coast beaches are all about.
The  sun set and I returned home, feeling grateful for not witnessing  highbrow chic to kitsch hedonism and the high rollers and beautiful  people. I felt grateful to live in Oregon where we have a very different  definition than Forbes Traveler of what constitutes a sexy beach, and a  better one, I think.
An Evening with 'Sometimes a Great Notion'
[Posted Aug. 5, 2009]
In  the course of ongoing research into Oregon history, I’ve often asked  myself: what is the coolest thing to have ever happened on an Oregon  Coast beach?
Was it when distance running god Steve Prefontaine trained in the dunes around Coos Bay as a teenager?
Was it when former Oregon Gov. Tom McCall ,  in the battle to pass the Beach Bill, stood in front of the Cannon  Beach motel that dared fence off part of the dry sands area for the  exclusive use of its guests?
Was it when a young John Reed, the famous leftist revolutionary, ran naked on a beach near Arch Cape?
Was it when the rock band Kiss rented an entire floor of a Cannon Beach motel and rock’n rolled all night and partied every day?
No, it was none of these things.
The  coolest thing to ever happen on an Oregon Coast beach is when Paul  Newman rode (and crashed) a motorcycle on Fogarty Beach. In fact, this  image, which is part of the larger story of when Newman spent the summer  of 1970 filming Ken Kesey’s epic Oregon novel “ Sometimes A Great Notion ,” is so cool, it’s one of the principal reasons I want to write a book on the making of the movie.
Just  in my initial research, I have quickly discovered that what went down  that summer is one great fun Oregon story, which was completely  undocumented. Frankly, the stories that have reached me so far border on  the incredible, including a sensational yet unconfirmed report that  Newman walked into a Toledo bar and cut the legs off a pool table!  (Which is totally believable if you’ve read up on Newman’s passion for  drinking and practical jokes.) It seems almost everyone who was around  Lincoln County in 1970 had some brush with Newman, Henry Fonda, Lee  Remick, Richard Jaeckel, Michael Sarrazin or a member of the crew.
But I need your help in pulling this book off.
On  Saturday Aug. 8, at the Toledo AWPPW Union Hall, Writers on the Edge  and Nestucca Spit Press will co-sponsor an “Evening with Sometimes a  Great Notion (the movie).” The event features a slide show on the  history of the film, discussion, photography exhibit, and a rare public  screening.
Most importantly, however, the event offers an opportunity  for anyone connected to the making of the movie to share personal  stories that will help me write the book. I also encourage anyone owning  photographs or other memorabilia pertaining to the movie to bring them  along.
What is your movie story? Did you serve Newman chowder at  Mo’s? Did you clean Michael Sarrazin’s room? Did you polish rocks with  Henry Fonda? Did you work as an extra?  Did you shoot some home movies  of the stars?
I want all the stories, all the pictures! If you can’t make the event, please e-mail or call and we’ll set something up.
The  evening begins at 6 p.m. with the screening of the movie at around  7:15. The union hall is located at 138 NW 1st St in Toledo. Admission is  free. I can be reached at 503-812-1524.  I hope to see you there.
Matt Love is the publisher of Nestucca Spit Press. He lives in South Beach and can be reached at lovematt100@yahoo.com.
The Briefcase
[Posted July 8, 2009]
Not  too long ago, I saw a homeless man with his hair pulled back in a  ponytail wearing a loose gray suit from the Ford Administration. I came  upon him from behind, driving south over the Yaquina Bay Bridge in  Newport, through the green steel and light fog. The dogs bounced  excitedly around in the back of the truck, perhaps sensing we were on  our way to South Beach State Park for a romp, which we were.
Below  us, the sea was calm and a few fishing boats looked ready to shoot the  jetties. Some 70 years ago, the government might have hired this man to  build a magnificent bridge for a decent wage like it used to with the  CCC boys. But we don’t seem do that sort of thing in this country  anymore when times are tough. We also don’t seem to know how to build an  elegant bridge like the Yaquina Bay. For proof, just check out the  uninspired new slab near Beverly Beach. I can just feel Conde McCullough  turning over in his grave every time I drive across it.
As the man  walked, he clutched a black briefcase in his left hand. In his right  hand he held a crab pot with orange ropes. It was empty. I thought: if  he catches a crab, how is the man going to carry it — in his briefcase?  If he does, which seems probable because a person can’t very well walk  along Hwy. 101 carrying a live crab, might he be the first man in the  history of the world to transport a live crab via briefcase? Yes, I  think, he might.
Where would he take the crab? How would he cook it?  Will he share the meal with friends? Will he light a fire on the beach?  These are wonderful questions for the imagination and excellent writing  prompts for my creative writing students.
I passed the man and  noticed what a long stride he had. He was really eating up the sidewalk.  It seemed as if he was almost in a hurry to cast his pot into the bay. I  checked the passenger’s side mirror. I saw his face and it wasn’t  vacant.
Time to fit "Dr. Beach" with a malpractice wetsuit?
[Posted June 23, 2009]
This  May, a man who calls himself Dr. Beach announced his choices for “America’s Best Beaches 2009,” including number one. The announcement  made headlines on the Web and no doubt the good doctor toured the  morning chit chat shows and giggled with the hosts.
Here is Dr. Beach’s list (and you can read it for yourself at www.drbeach.org ):
Hanalei Bay, Kauai, Hawaii
Coopers Beach, Southampton, New York
Coronado Beach, San Diego, California
Hamoa Beach, Maui, Hawaii
Main Beach, East Hampton, New York
Cape Hatteras,Outer Banks, North Carolina
Cape Florida State Park, Key Biscayne, Florida
Coast Guard Beach,Cape Cod, Massachusetts
Beachwalker Park, Kiawah Island, South Carolina
Notice anything missing?
Doctor  Beach, whose real name is Dr. Stephen Leatherman, is the author of  America’s Best Beaches. He is also professor and Director of the  Laboratory for Coastal Research at Florida International University, and  since 1991, has issued his list.
Below are his picks for the number one American beach going back to 1991:
2008 Caladesi Island State Park, Dunedin/Clearwater, Florida
2007 Ocracoke Lifeguard Beach- Outer Banks, North Carolina
2006 Fleming Beach Park- Maui, Hawaii
2005 Fort DeSoto Park - North Beach, St Petersburg, Florida
2004 Hanauma Bay, Oahu, Hawaii
2003 Kaanapali, Hawaii
2002 St. Joseph Peninsula State Park, Florida
2001 Poipu Beach Park, Hawaii
2000 Mauna Kea Beach, Hawaii
1999 Wailea Beach, Hawaii
1998 Kailua Beach Park, Hawaii
1997 Hulopoe, Hawaii
1995 St. Andrews SRA, Florida
1994 Grayton Beach SRA, Florida
1993 Hapuna, Hawaii
1992 Bahia Honda SRA, Florida
1991 Kapalua Bay Beach, Hawaii
Notice anything missing?
From  what I can tell from his inadequate web site, Dr. Beach makes his  choices based on whether or not the water is warm enough (for humans  without wetsuits) to recreate in and if there are nearby amenities for  beachgoers.
Wrong Dr. Beach. Very wrong. May I share Dr. Love’s second opinion for what constitutes a “Best American Beach?”
It’s  really quite simple: The beach must be publicly owned, free to use,  access guaranteed by law, and remote and rainy enough so that if a  person desired, he could walk, run or light a fire in total solitude  (meaning no other humans around) at any time of the day or night.
I just pretty much described all of Oregon’s ocean beaches.
I  can’t tell from Dr. Beach’s web site if he has in fact ever visited  Oregon and experienced this state’s “great birthright,” as former Oregon  Governor Oswald West called our publicly-owned beaches.
Really,  Doctor, you should come west. I’ll be happy to tour you around and tell  you the heroic stories of Oswald West, Samuel Boardman, Tom McCall, Matt  Kramer, Bob Straub and the other Oregon immortals who saved our ocean  beaches from privatization, cabanas, espresso stands, fast food carts,  and arrogant security guards patrolling for trespassers.
I might even take you to my favorite Oregon beach, Nestucca Spit. It truly is sacred Oregon ground.
But  Doctor you will have to rise very early if you want to ramble with me  and the dogs. And by the way, bad weather never deters us; the harder  the rain falls, the more we dig it. Oh, and I should warn you: should  you pop open an umbrella or don an iPod, there’s going to be big  trouble. The sight of either one of these on the beach triggers  something savage in the dogs.
Of graduation rites, and rights
Newport High School seniors celebrate ‘Oregon’s great birthright’
[Posted June 10, 2009]
I  parked in front of my favorite place in Newport — the Fishermen’s  Memorial — in Yaquina Bay State Park. It was 5:17 in the morning and  drizzle fell. The sun seemed as hidden in the closet as the shag carpet  in a coastal motel room, which was just about right on the first day of  June. I turned off the headlights, exited the cab, and drank black  coffee while I waited.
Minutes later, Ross and India drove up in his  Honda and emerged with a dozen donuts baked fresh from JC Market. Then  Brittany skidded her Plymouth Roadster to a stop across from me. More  cars raced into the parking lot, coming from the north, south, virtually  all of them nicer than my truck. Shouldn’t a teacher own a better  vehicle than his students? And doesn’t anyone take driver’s training  anymore?
We gathered near my truck, 40 seniors, my English students,  on the last Monday of their high school careers. The first annual  Newport High School Senior Walk was about to begin. We would take to the  holy sand and freely recreate on what former Oregon Governor Oswald  West called “our great birthright”— Oregon’s publicly owned beaches.  These students might have paid $3.50 for latte on their way here, but  they didn’t have to pay a cent to walk on an ocean beach.
They knew  the story. They knew how decades ago West and other politicians steered  Oregon on a different course, a better course, to protect beaches from  privatization. And here these Oregonians were, most of them half asleep,  primed to exercise their great birthright.
Yes, they knew the story  well because I had beaten it into them like a propaganda minister from a  fascist state. They had asked me to shut up about the sanctity of  Oregon’s publicly owned beaches but I never would. How many words had we  written about it? Not enough!
It was time: 5:30. Let the walk begin!  Onward to the sea! To quote Marvin Gaye, “Let’s get it on!” If I saw an  iPod or a cell phone in use, someone wasn’t going to graduate.
But  before we began, I asked someone to repeat West’s famous quote: “No  local selfish interest should be permitted, through politics or  otherwise, to impair this great birthright of our people.” Jessica tried  and butchered it, but that hardly mattered. What mattered was that my  students were here at dawn!
We descended the stairs and passed a  homeless man asleep in the sand. India and Brittany ran ahead and  carried something in a bag. Out came a cylindrical object I couldn’t  make out that Brittany staked into the sand. She kneeled down to it and  her hand went to a pocket. Seconds later, a bottle rocket lifted off,  screamed, exploded, and sparks lit up the sky and scattered to the  ground. Great! We had just broken the law!
When the cops arrived,  we’d quote Oswald West as our only defense. We would need no other and  no Oregon jury would ever convict us.
We walked to the North Jetty in  no discernible formation. Serena ran to the water’s edge and stared  west. Alex’s dog went nuts. Light began to defeat the darkness and the  lighthouse almost looked sexy as she came into full view. We talked and  laughed. A few girls skipped. Anna made a goofy face. Five species of  birds flew around us and I wanted to run wild so I did. Others joined  me. We ran with no particular place to go, the finest way to run.
It  was time to leave. First period, you know? We rallied at Pig N’ Pancake  and ate together as friends, Oregonians, and countrymen. I bought them  all breakfast because they were seniors graduating in five days, because  they had worked so hard and so well for me this year, and because they  had woken up very early and met me on the beach.
Peace on Alsea Spit
[Posted May 27, 2009]
[ Check this week's story about the Newport High School literary review . Matt Love serves as NHS English and creative writing teacher.]
One of my favorite Oregon coast stories unfolded near Waldport come 70 years ago and most people have never heard about it.
But they should.
It  is a little-known fact rarely, if ever, presented in high school  history textbooks: during World War II, 43,000 men declared themselves  conscientious objectors (COs) and refused combatant military service.  Almost half of this total came from the historically pacifist Quaker,  Mennonite and Church of the Brethren denominations located primarily in  the Midwest.
This astonishing 43,000 figure included 25,000  non-combatants (many who served as medics), 6,000 prisoners (men  refusing service officially denied CO status), and 12,000 official COs  who ended up in the Civilian Public Service. The CPS was established to  put COs to work in a variety of public works projects for the duration  of the war. In the West, this work entailed planting trees, fighting  fires and building roads. Several COs died performing these dangerous  labors.
The National Service Board of Religious Objectors, authorized  by the government to administer the CPS, established 143 camps across  the United States to incarcerate the COs. CPS Camp 56, known as Camp  Angel, was situated south of Waldport on the central Oregon coast, near  Alsea Spit. Camp Angel earned a unique designation in that it was  chartered as the only Fine Arts Program camp in the entire CPS system.
During  its three years of operation, Camp Angel’s 25-30 active members of the  Fine Arts Program oversaw the production of many original plays, crafts  made from a loom and wood lathe, and publication of mainly small press  runs of handsome poetry books from the inmates, but also anthologies and  literary reviews that included contributions from pacifists  incarcerated in other camps. In essence these temporarily stateless men  pledged allegiance to an ideal, not a country, and made their own  culture, a culture almost entirely distinct from the United States, and  consumed it themselves. One of the Camp Angel men, William Everson,  wrote a collection of poems titled “War Elegies.” In 1944 it was the  first volume published the camp’s Untide Press and contains some of the  finest anti-war poems ever written by an American.
The CO camps  officially closed in 1945, although some men were held over until 1946  so they wouldn’t compete for jobs with returning veterans. Several of  the Camp Angel Fine Arts Program participants, most prominently Everson,  writer Kermit Sheets and dramatist Martin Ponch, relocated to the Bay  Area, and there ushered in what’s now known as the San Francisco  Renaissance, seeding much of the Beat Generation and all the  counterculture rest that followed. Just think about that: the Beat  Generation born at the wet and sandy Oregon coast.
In recent years,  I’ve visited the old Camp Angel site out of sheer curiosity. It’s a Job  Corps training center now, and the last remaining building of the World  War II-era Camp Angel was moved to Waldport in 1988 and now serves as  the Waldport Heritage Museum, which does hold some CO-related material,  and is a great little place to learn about history.
As I leafed  through this material, the word ‘counterculture’ sprang instantly to  mind, as in an authentic American counterculture undertaken at great  personal cost to its practitioners. They had no notion of irony or that  their stand would turn out for the best in the end. In one of the more  stunning photographs from Camp Angel, a tall thin man named Glen  Coffield appears with his hair in dreadlocks. Other prisoners wore their  hair long tied back in a ponytail. In 1944! Who were these men?
It  moves me to the extreme to imagine Everson, Coffield and other men  earning some release time from Camp Angel and exploring the beaches and  woods around Waldport.  I imagine them hiking down Alsea Spit, then  nothing but a long stretch of sand without European beach grass, paved  streets, houses and satellite dishes. I imagine them carrying books,  paints and musical instruments and wine to end of Alsea Spit. They  probably would’ve ignited a bonfire clearly visible to anyone from  downtown Waldport looking to the ocean. Everyone seeing the fire  would’ve known the men who sat around it and wondered what they talked  about. They must have considered these unarmed men very dangerous.
Back to the Beach
Sonny returns to the sand
[Posted May 14, 2009]
On  March 10, I was driving to the Lincoln City Goodwill with Sonny my  husky and Ray the old shepherd in the back of truck. As I neared Siletz  Bay I took a peek in the side mirror and saw Sonny’s black and white  head poking out the canopy window. She sniffed aggressively at the sea.
Now’s the time.
I  cranked the steering wheel hard to the left, crossed Highway 101 in  front of a honking UPS truck, and pulled into the parking lot of The Bay  House restaurant. I looked out to the bay, saw the tide rolling out and  noticed a short stretch of soft mudflat and wet beach not more than 20  yards away.
This is it. Sonny and I are going to the beach.
Six  months ago, as regular readers of One Man’s Beach know, her freak injury  and subsequent loss of mobility ripped apart my relationship with the  beach. Serious reading and writing had stopped, I was barely sleeping,  my teaching suffered, my fitness vanished, and I found it impossible to  carry on a romantic relationship or travel anywhere. Almost my entire  life was devoted to caring for Sonny, and the effort, mental more than  anything, had exhausted me to the point where I nearly fainted in class  and had to seek medical treatment.
After trying various  rehabilitation strategies that all failed, and deciding against the  surgical insertion of metal plates, I ordered custom braces from an  animal orthopedist in Colorado who constructed the devices using moulds  of Sonny’s legs.
Sonny wore the braces when I killed the truck’s  engine in the parking lot. They’d arrived that morning and it took 20  minutes of her howling and squirming to attach them. When I fastened the  last strap in place and coaxed Sonny to stand up, I looked at her  teeter like an amateur wino and thought “there was no way in hell this  was going to work.”
I opened the tailgate and told Ray to back up.  Sonny came forward, leapt into my arms, licked my face, and I kicked the  tailgate shut. I carried her down a steep and rocky path to the beach  and recited all my goofy names I’d invented for her over the years. Back  at the truck I heard Ray barking.
Driftwood littered the sand and I  hopped over a couple of big bleached logs and kept walking until I found  a nice spot with plenty of room for Sonny to maneuver. I set her down  gently, checked the braces, stifled my expectations, and then backed  away. Sonny stood there awkwardly for a minute and then walked toward me  like a bumble bee flies. I turned and started striding away and Sonny  followed. Seconds later, I began to jog and she broke into a weird lope  to catch up.
It was on. I fell to the sand and let her jump on my  chest. She began to talk her sacred husky talk and I reached out,  grabbed a stick, and tossed it a few feet. She bumbled over, grabbed it  with her mouth, and brought it back.
I started crying and couldn’t  stop. Sonny and I played on the beach 10 minutes and then I carried her  to the truck. I called my ex wife, who had chosen Sonny as a runt puppy  to herald the new Millennium, and sobbed her the good news.
March  10th was my birthday, my forty-fifth, and I hadn’t felt that happy in a  long, long time. The next day, after school, Ray, Sonny and I went to  the beach. We were a team again.
(I want to thank all the readers  who responded to my first column about Sonny. Your kinds words of  encouragement  and advice helped me cope.)
 
The most important Oregon story, on film
 
[Posted April 30, 2009]
In  November 2005 I gave a presentation on the history of Oregon’s famous  1967 Beach Bill to the Cannon Beach Historical Society. At the time, I  thought I was the expert on the subject because my research had debunked  the popular myth that Governor Tom McCall almost single-handedly  steered the bill into law and saved our ocean beaches from the sinister  forces of privatization.
In the audience that afternoon was a man in  his thirties named Tom Olsen Jr. He came up to me after the  presentation and introduced himself as someone from Portland who owned a  cabin in Cannon Beach. His family had a long and distinguished history  in the community and he shared my passion for the Oregon Coast. Tom told  me he was a filmmaker with a documentary to his credit, “Killingsworth,” which chronicled the rise of Portland’s  African-American gangs in the 1980s.
As I recall, he said my  presentation intrigued him and that he might have an interest in making a  documentary on the hard fought legacy of Oregon’s publicly owned  beaches. Might I be interested in helping him out? I was intrigued and  gave him my card and never expected to hear another word.
But I did  hear from Tom, and three years later, he not only made the film, called “Politics of Sand,” but he went so far beyond my original research that I  must now give up my self-appointed title. He now reigns as the official  expert on the incredible history of Oregon’s Beach Bill.
Tom Olsen  can also claim another title: he has made the best film about an Oregon  historical subject in the state’s history. It’s simply a must see for  everyone who has ever recreated (for free!) on a publicly owned Oregon  ocean beach. Isn’t that everyone reading this column? If you love this  glorious tradition, you owe it to yourself to see how it all came about,  and more importantly, how close it came to not happening. And it was  close, harrowingly close, as the film shows.
You might also want to  see the film if you need a little inspiration to help protect Oregon’s  beaches and oceans today. Forty years ago, Oregon citizens and  politicians looked to the future to protect a natural resource for their  children’s enjoyment. Can we honestly say that’s happening today? Watch  this film and consider that question.
Yes, I’ll say it again. “Politics of Sand” is the greatest film about Oregon history ever made.  And you can judge for yourself this Sunday, May 3, at 2 p.m. when the  Hatfield Marine Science Center in Newport hosts a free screening of “Politics of Sand.” Tom will attend the event, discuss his documentary  and sell copies of the film. If you have other plans, change them.
This  is Oregon and a native Oregonian who loves the Oregon Coast made a film  about Oregon’s beaches. Learn how and why we did it different back in  1967. Then after you seeing it, go up and thank Tom Olsen for his role  in keeping this important, maybe the most important Oregon story of all,  alive, and in play.
Springtime: season of budgets, cycles
The  other day, I saw one and he was alone. The next day I saw three grouped  tightly together. Two days later, I saw two more, strung out by 50  yards.
They are here, the first of many to arrive, the bicyclists  pumping down Hwy. 101 in rain or fog or sun, on the world famous Oregon  Coast Bike Route, to connect to our beaches in a way utterly  inconceivable to someone driving a vehicle listening to angry talk radio  or Kenny G.
And to think it all started because a lawmaker nearly got run over by a car.
Once  upon a time in 1971, a Republican state representative and avid  bicyclist from Southern Oregon named Don Stathos was riding tandem with  his daughter on a highway to Medford with no shoulder. As vehicles  zoomed by, forcing Stathos dangerously off the road, he thought to  himself: “Here we are, the richest nation in the world, and we have  constructed our environment so we can’t keep in physical condition.”
Stathos  then asked, his daughter Jenny Hill of Wilsonville remembers, the  simple and eternal question in a democracy: “Why can’t there be a better  way?” He answered his own question by introducing House Bill 1700,  which required the state to set aside at least 1 percent of the highway  fund to build bicycle and pedestrian facilities.
In the beginning,  there wasn’t much support from either party for a bill that was, and  still is, a radical piece of legislation, the first of its kind in the  nation, and quite possibly the world.
Stathos prevailed, barely. It  might have helped that he was seen riding his bicycle around Salem. Or  that he had a mini bicycle in his briefcase that he would take out and  assemble when he lobbied other lawmakers. At each step of the  legislative process, the bill passed by one vote. Initially, Gov. Tom  McCall didn’t favor it, but he changed his mind because he came to  believe it was good for Oregon and all Oregonians, now and in the  future. And he came to believe this because he listened to Don Stathos.
On  the steps of the Capitol, McCall signed the Bicycle Bill on the seat of  a bicycle. Soon thereafter, taxpayer funds for bicycle and pedestrian  paths began trickling in. Construction began. Less than a generation  later, the bill had put a permanent dent in the automobile’s hegemony,  transformed transportation planning, helped citizens stay fit, became a  national legislative model, and made Oregon the most bike friendly place  in the country. Furthermore, it created unique, multiple and safe  recreational and commuting opportunities that led many of Oregon’s  citizens, including this writer, to practice a healthy cultural life.
One  of the crowning achievements of Stathos’ vision is the Oregon Coast  Bike Route, considered one of the premier touring rides in the world.  I’ve bicycled it three times, most recently in 2001. It was during my  first ride, back in the fall of 1991, that I really “saw” the Oregon  Coast, stopped at nearly 50 beaches, and experienced the danger of  riding Hwy. 101, with all its RVs, log trucks and teenage drivers.
Soon,  bicyclists from all over the world will regularly appear. Motorists,  give them some room, slow down, and never, ever, pass on the right into a  shoulder. A cyclist could be right there.
Author remains hinged -- thanks to being 'Henged -- on a Newport beach
[Posted March 31, 2009]
A  couple of weeks ago, the mail brought two more literary rejections. It  seems I have no luck (or talent) attracting a national publisher for  either one of my two non-fiction manuscripts about Oregon.
In combination, the rejections plunged me into total defeat. I felt licked and needed to see my therapist immediately.
Naturally, I went to beach. The doctor was in — she always is. And she never charges me a fee or demands I fill out paperwork.
I  can honestly say that the availability of Oregon’s publicly owned ocean  beaches means more to my mental and physical well-being than the health  insurance I virtually never use. I think I’d go insane without this  special Oregon outdoor custom.
After reading the second letter, Ray, the old shepherd, and I walked to my beach at dawn.
Art  was on my mind, as in: what does an artist do when he submits his art  to the national artistic establishment in hope of reaching a wider  audience and the establishment consistently rejects his art? Does he  quit? Does he retrench and keep trying? Does he take his art in a new  direction hoping to please the establishment? Does he embrace the role  of maverick and put out his art his own way?
Ray and I took our  familiar path to the beach. I looked out to the ocean and noticed the  tide was coming in fast, churning brown with lots of foam for extra  measure. We jogged out to the sand and I pivoted north to the  lighthouse.
But the lighthouse never came into view. Instead, I  beheld a series of some 50 sculptures and altars of varying size and  shape, all made from driftwood, burnt or barnacled or slimy smooth, all  constructed with elaborate care and artistic intent, and spaced within a  40-yard stretch of sand at the base of the cliff. As I approached this  marvel, I also noticed large words etched in the sand.
Sea God
Beware!!!
Dance!
In  all my years of rambling Oregon Coast beaches, I’d never seen anything  like this and I pretty much thought I’d seen (or done) it all. Less than  18 hours earlier, I’d visited the same spot with Ray and nothing like  this existed. Most likely, the marvel had been constructed overnight.
I  moved closer to inspect. I gave a gentle kick to one of the driftwood  pillars, expecting it to budge easily. It did not. It was buried 3 feet  deep, as were most of the other sculptures. We are talking about nearly  100 pieces of wood all firmly anchored in the sand.
Suddenly a wave  swept into the area and soaked my shoes. I didn’t hear it coming. In a  half hour, the incoming tide would batter the installation and, in time,  collapse it. It was then I realized I might be the only person lucky  enough to see this treasure of pure and undoubtedly spontaneous art.  Someone didn’t care if they reached a wider audience. Someone didn’t  care if another person saw his art. He made it because he felt like it.  Or had to. Who had the time to do this? Who had this great notion?
I  called for Ray and we started for home, but not before I took a couple  of photographs to capture the moment for myself, as a reminder of why I  write.
To the person or persons who made this: thank you.
Tidal character earns praise
Novelist Jim Lynch comes to Newport March 21
[Posted March 18, 2009]
In “The Highest Tide,” published to phenomenal reviews in 2005, author Jim  Lynch achieved a literary Triple Crown: 1) best coming-of-age novel set  in the Pacific Northwest; 2) best novel to resurrect the writing of the  visionary Rachel Carson; 3) best novel to educate people about that  awesome place where freshwater meets the sea under tidal influence — estuaries.
And I am pleased to report that Jim Lynch is coming to  Newport on Saturday, March 21, to read from “The Highest Tide” (and his  new novel, “Border Songs”) as part of the Nye Beach Writers’ Series at  the Visual Arts Center at 7 p.m.
But even better than that (at least  for me), Lynch has agreed to visit my Newport High School Creative  Writing class and talk about the book, the writing craft, his  interesting personal story of becoming a successful novelist in middle  age, and his obsession with estuaries.
Estuaries. Those of us who  live at the Oregon Coast interact with them on a daily basis and  understand their magic, their pull. What I like about them is having  learned that no two views of any estuary are ever the same. I don’t  really feel that way about the ocean or sky.
“The Highest Tide” is  set specifically in Olympia, on Puget Sound, vaguely in an era when  alternative rock begins to matter to young people and television news  reporters start acting like fools, meaning probably the early 90s.
In “The Sea Around Us,” Rachel Carson wrote, “There is no drop of water in  the ocean, not even in the deepest parts of the abyss, that does not  know and respond to the mysterious forces that create the tide.” It is a  line, indeed a book, that Lynch’s protagonist Miles O’Malley, has read  aloud, practically memorized, and treats as scripture.
Miles is a  13-year old boy, barely five feet tall, who exhibits an almost  supernatural connection to the estuary he lives on with his parents. He  also seems utterly indifferent to teenage popular culture and would  rather spend time alone in his kayak, frequently in the dead of night,  exploring the tidal flats and collecting species for an aquarium and  restaurant.
Told through his voice some time after the story unfolds,  the novel opens as Miles sums up his unusual summer: “I was ambushed by  science, fame and suggestions of the divine.”
The plot begins when  Miles begins finding sea creatures that have no business being found in  Pacific Northwest estuaries. Lynch, an award-winning journalist in his  previous literary life, dazzles the reader with exquisite detail about  the creatures that Miles comes across. It’s not a stretch to say that  once you’ve read “The Highest Tide,” you’ll never look at a tidal  mudflat in the same way again, if you are one of those people who  notices such things at all. And most of us who live at the Oregon Coast  are such people.
By virtue of his freakish discoveries, Miles becomes  a local celebrity, a scientific wunderkind, and when asked what it all  means by a reporter, he says, “Maybe the earth is trying to tell us  something.”
This ambiguously ominous statement attracts the attention  of a nearby cult, whose members look to Miles as an oracle. As the  media scrutiny of Miles’ findings intensifies, he struggles to  understand the separation of his parents, the physical decline of an  elderly woman who is his best friend, and his crush on a neighbor, a  depressed and volatile punk rocker chick. Then he makes a prediction  that the highest tide in 50 years will hit the area, which is of course  impossible according to the tide tables. This prediction drives the last  third of the novel and hints at one of Lynch’s most powerful themes: we  don’t really understand our natural world and this ignorance is fraught  with perilous consequences.
Lynch has written a compact, lively,  timely, ecologically insightful, and spiritual story. In Miles, Lynch  has created an unforgettable adolescent character strongly rooted to  nature, a personality trait that study after study concludes is becoming  a rarity in American teenagers.
Miles prefers to be outdoors,  noticing, investigating, getting dirty, rather than be entertained by  something electronic and remote. Once again, that sounds like a lot of  us here at the coast. Homework assignment for March 21: read “The  Highest Tide” and come out and hear Jim Lynch read from his minor  masterpiece.
A Sapphire in the rough: Dr. Bob Bacon
[Posted March 5, 2009]
A  true Oregon hero died in January at the age of 90. His name was Dr. Bob  Bacon and back in 1967 he helped fight for passage of the Beach Bill,  one of the most important laws ever passed in Oregon. Everyone reading  this essay benefitted from this law but I doubt very many of you have  heard the story of Dr. Bacon’s heroism.
The Beach Bill forever  preserved the dry sands areas of our ocean beaches for exclusive public  use and is why Oregon is Oregon. It’s also why we all love the coast and  get to do all the crazy things we want at the beach and some prudish  trophy home owner or fat security guard wearing a headset can’t tell us  to knock it off.
The law was nearly tabled in the House of  Representatives by a cabal of coastal Republican lawmakers, but through  sheer, hard, unpaid labor, an uncompromising attitude, and a stroke of  luck, Bacon, who worked full time as an anatomy professor at OHSU at the  time, fought successfully to keep it alive. Without him, our beaches  might very well look like Malibu’s minus all the bikinis and palm trees.
Exactly what kind of labor? He helped start a grass roots  organization known as the Citizens to Save Oregon’s Beaches (the SOB’s  as the developers called them!) that became the public face of  opposition to those who wanted to privatize our public beaches. He hit  the rubber chicken circuit and gave speeches to any civic group that  would have him. He testified in Salem. He went on the radio, made phone  calls and met sinister legislators in dive bars who told him to  compromise or he could forget about the Beach Bill passing (he refused).  He was told by his employer to lay low and not get involved in  politics. Bacon refused and nearly sacrificed his medical career. He did  all of this and much more and wasn’t paid a cent.
Eventually the  Beach Bill passed and created one of the unique relationships in the  world between a state’s citizenry and a natural resource. Had the Beach  Bill not passed, I doubt I would have become the Oregon writer I did. I  also know I would most likely be spiritually dead.
It was my great  honor to interview Dr. Bacon in Gearhart back in 2003 for my first book, “Grasping Wastrels vs. Beaches Forever Inc.” Below is a brief excerpt:
Love: Did you guys celebrate when you found out the Beach Bill got signed?
Bacon:  I don’t know. There was such a sense of relief and the reduction of  pressure. I think everybody sort of collapsed. I strongly suspect that  there were a few martinis. I was known amongst some of my students as  martini maker back then too.
Love: Was that your drink of choice back then?
Bacon: Yes.
Bacon: Gin, the only true martini.
Love: And what brand was your favorite?
Bacon: Oh gosh, I don’t remember.
Love: Were you a Tanqueray fan?
Bacon:  I don’t recall that in those days there was Tanqueray. I am a wine  person largely today, but the only real cocktail is a martini. True  martini. It’s called a Sapphire. Bombay Sapphire. A Bombay Sapphire  martini is really something wonderful.
After the interview I took  Dr. Bacon to the Sandtrap Inn in Gearhart for a drink. I bought an  Oregon hero a Bombay Sapphire martini and I insisted it be a double.  I  had one too. When they came, I raised my glass and toasted this  excellent Oregon man for all his effort on preserving Oregon’s ocean  beaches. As should you.
But a toast is only one way to honor Dr.  Bacon. In the last years of his life, he fought hard for the  establishment of marine reserve areas in Oregon’s offshore territorial  waters (0-3 miles out). The fate of these reserves is currently unknown  and in the hands of the Oregon Legislature. The story of the battle to  pass the Beach Bill and the story of the battle to establish marine  reserves have fascinating similarities and some of the same stock  characters. Should the reserves program gain legislative approval, one  of the areas should be named after Dr. Bob Bacon. People should read his  name on an Oregon map for the rest of the time Oregon is a state.
A first kiss sparks a lasting love affair
The author digs into the history
of his love of
Oregon’s beaches
[Posted Feb. 18, 2009]
Over the years, many people have asked me when and where my love affair with Oregon’s publicly owned beaches began.
Let  me offer the probable genesis moment: It was 1977 and “Saturday Night  Fever” had swept the country. That summer, a girl named Shelley and I  held clammy hands as we broke away to find a makeout fort in the  driftwood maze of Short Sand Beach in Oswald West State Park, named  after Oswald West, the former Oregon governor who helped save the  state’s ocean beaches from privatization back in 1913.
West had  ridden a horse through this area in 1912 and later claimed the ride  inspired him to write his ingenious 66-word bill that declared the wet  sand areas of Oregon’s ocean beaches a public highway, and thus in the  public trust forever. It was quite possibly the most important law in  Oregon history.
I didn’t learn anything about West in school. We got a  steady dose of Lewis and Clark and the Oregon Trail but nothing about  the real Oregon heroes who preserved nature so all of us could enjoy it  today.
Shelley and I disappeared from view. No one noticed. The other  Christians in our youth group from Oregon City Church of Christ roasted  hotdogs or played Frisbee. No one read the Bible. I probably should  have brought one along. I was a preacher’s kid and supposed to set an  example.
It was my first adolescent outing to a beach on the Oregon  Coast unaccompanied by my parents. Shelley was in ninth grade, blonde,  and often wore yellow. She also wore a shell necklace that I could not  get out of my mind, the way it dangled over her cleavage when I saw her  pass me in the halls and smile. I was in seventh grade in Oregon City  and thought Shelley the most beautiful unobtainable girl in the world.  Thus, it utterly astonished me to learn on the bus ride over to the  beach that she liked me. By the time I smelled the ocean, I sailed  rapturously on unchartered seas.
We found the fort and took cover. I  went to kiss her. What lips and eyes she had! After the kiss, I peered  through a slat in the fort’s crooked walls, past the smoke, up the cliff  to the Sitka spruces and hemlocks swaying in the background.
Sixty-four  years earlier, Oswald West rode right through here. Without his ride, I  would have never kissed Shelley the way I did, on a beach, for free.
And that’s where I think it all began.
One citizen's mark on the beach
The Letter of the Law
[Posted Jan. 23, 2009]
When  I ramble an Oregon coast beach, I always thank former Oregon Governor  Oswald West because he was the “First Lawgiver.” His 1913 law declaring  the wet sand areas of Oregon’s ocean beaches a public highway led to the  creation of a unique cultural relationship between a state’s citizenry  and its beaches not found in other coastal states. It established an  utterly distinct tradition that absolutely astonishes then delights  visitors from other places where beaches are privatized.
A question:  Is there anything culturally more sacred to Oregonians than their right  to freely recreate on their ocean beaches? No, nothing comes close.  Forget skiing on Mt. Hood. It costs too much money and has precluded an  entire class of Oregonians for generations. Every Oregonian has a beach  story. Not every Oregonian has a mountain story. I don’t.
Having  grown up in Oregon in the 1970s and 1980s, and conducted various rites  of youth passage at the beach, I might have answered “no” to the  aforementioned question back then. Now that I’ve lived at the Oregon  coast for the past 11 years and observed what regularly goes down on our  publicly-owned ocean beaches, I know the answer to my question is even a  more solid “no!”
I also know, back in 1967, the special cultural  relationship at the core of my answer was nearly destroyed. Frankly,  Oregon was lucky it didn’t go the other way. It had everywhere else.
Oswald  West’s law protected the wet sand areas of Oregon’s ocean beaches, but  there was no such safeguard of the dry sand areas, the space where  virtually everyone recreated. In the summer of 1966, an elderly couple  and their nephew were kicked off the beach by a motel owner as they  picnicked in front of the owner’s Cannon Beach motel. They might have  been the first Oregonians in the state’s history to experience such a  shock. And the nephew, a graduate student in biochemistry at OHSU named  Lawrence Bitte, didn’t like it at all. Bitte wrote a letter, excerpted  below, to then Secretary of State Tom McCall.
Dear. Mr. McCall:
Tuesday  morning, August 16, while visiting the Oregon coast near Haystack Rock  (South Cannon Beach) I came upon an area of beach outlined with driftlogs and posted with signs claiming this particular section of  beach was reserved for guests of the Surfsands Motel. Upon venturing  into this “restricted” area on the assumption that the Oregon beaches  were public property (under supervision of the state highway  department), we were confronted by an employee of the motel who told us  that the beach was owned by a Mr. Bill Hay and that we would have to  leave. This brings several questions to mind:
Does ownership of the beach property extend seaward to a point of mean high tide?
Does the owner of beach frontage have, with his title, the right to build earth fills out over previously sandy beaches?
Who  issues building permits which allow a private structure to be built on a  previously sandy beach beyond a point of natural terrain?
What legally constitutes a beach and can this term be widely interpreted?
I  am greatly disturbed by the situation at the Surfsands Motel, because I  feel it establishes a precedence which will lead to the eventual  defacing of all Oregon beaches and the take-over by commercial  enterprises which profit from public use of the sandy areas of the  beach. Since tempers are presently running high among those who are  aware of the situation, at the Surfsands Motel, would you please answer  my questions at your earliest convenience?
As incredible as it may  sound, this letter by an Oregon citizen touched off the epic 1967  legislative battle that culminated with passage of the landmark law  known as the Beach Bill. This law, which nearly died in committee due to  a group of coastal legislators, reaffirmed the public’s domain over  publicly owned beaches. The statute empowered Oregon “to forever  preserve…ocean beaches of the state… so that the public may have the  free and uninterrupted use thereof.”
I’ve written extensively about  this legislative battle in previous One Man’s Beach columns, and all the  unsung political and journalism heroes who helped win perhaps the  greatest political victory in the state’s history.
But I think it’s  worth noting that it all began with one citizen speaking up, going on  the offensive when a narrow interest threatened to privatize Oregon’s “great birthright,” the memorable phrase Oswald West used to describe  our ocean beaches. Think about that citizen the next time you ramble the  beach for free.
Listen to the coyote
[Posted 1.7.09]
A  month ago, I seethed in anger over the U.S. government’s desecration of  a special natural place on the Oregon coast that I had spent a majority  of my adult life restoring to ecology. To voice my opposition to this  desecration, I planned a very public act of civil disobedience that  would quite probably lead to my arrest.
On a 38-degree morning, I  walked my dog to the beach to plot my mission. In 18 hours, in the dead  of night, just hours before the desecration officially opened with a  ribbon cutting ceremony, I would execute my mission. The perpetrators of  the desecration would never see my statement coming. But they would  know its maker.
After a half-mile walk from the house, I approached  the beach from a winding and descending path that cut through  salmonberry and willow. Soon the path leveled, led into an opening, and I  looked west, across a creek, out to a Pacific of perfect surfing waves  and perfect blue sky.
Suddenly, a large brown, orange and  white-colored coyote entered the foreground. He was running north down  the sand not more than 50 yards away from me. At almost the exact moment  I noticed him, he stopped and turned to me. I’m certainly no animist  but I instantly identified the coyote’s presence as some kind of urgent  personal message, although I was at a loss to fathom its meaning.
A  few seconds later, the coyote resumed his northward course and  disappeared from my sight. I felt compelled to follow. I unleashed my dog, crossed a bridge, and jogged down the path to the beach. The dog  lagged behind to sniff around and mark his territory.
A high tide had  swept the beach clean of all markings except the coyote’s footprints. I  followed them for a few seconds and then looked up and saw 75 yards  down the beach the coyote sprinting closely parallel to the rock and  sandy cliffs that rose 60 feet high in some places.
Then the coyote  abruptly halted and turned around. He looked right at me and I was  transfixed until my dog zoomed by me in pursuit, if a 14-year old  partially epileptic canine with two bad hips can be said to zoom. I  marveled at my old dog’s burst of energy and watched the spectacle for a  couple of minutes until I realized the coyote hadn’t moved and seemed  to be waiting for the dog.
I took off running and when the dog  closed within 10 yards of the coyote, I saw the coyote scamper up a  nearly vertical 20-foot rock wall, and then, surprisingly, sit up  instead of disappearing into the Scotch broom and shore pine thicket.  The dog went to the base of the wall and started barking and making  short aborted attempts to scale the wall.
By now I had closed within  30 yards and was calling to the dog. He turned his head and then I saw  the coyote slide down the wall to within several feet of him. The dog  made no move toward him, nor did the coyote advance on the dog.
As I  came within 15 yards, the coyote scampered back up the wall and sat up. I  went to the base and looked directly up at him, into his white and  orange face. We stared at each other for 10 seconds and then I  disengaged, leashed up the dog, and headed home. A few seconds later I  turned around and the coyote had slid down the wall again and appeared  to be following us. I stopped, he stopped, and I began to listen.
Here’s  what the coyote told me: let go. The coyote told me to have the courage  to not do something out of anger or disgust or vainglory.
And  that’s exactly what I did, with my dog by my side, this morning, on the  beach, at dawn, a few hours before the ribbon was cut. I listened to the  coyote. Others, the desecrators, never heard him.
Sonny's Tragedy
[Posted Dec. 23, 2008]
On Sept. 17, 2008, at approximately 5:30 a.m., fate intervened with  my cherished relationship to Oregon’s publicly-owned ocean beaches, the  most sacred place in the world to me, and shattered it.
Starting out  that clear morning, I expected a routine ramble down the sand with Ray,  my shepherd, and Sonny, my husky. I say “routine” because I’d rambled  this way nearly 1,500 times over the last decade and it is no  exaggeration to claim that these moments with my dogs evolved into my  entire spiritual and physical fitness life and helped me compose first  drafts of virtually everything I’d eventually see published. In other  words, my time with my dogs was my church, my gym, my office, and I  might add – my therapist.
We began in typical fashion. Ray lagged  behind sniffing and urinating, while Sonny, a fantastic and manic  runner, bolted ahead out of sight as she always did, but to no alarm,  because she always returned.
But this morning she didn’t return. At  some point I stopped rambling and began searching for Sonny. Ray jogged  behind me as I called out to her, wondering where the hell she was.
I  called for ten minutes. Twenty. Nothing. Desperation mounted in me like  never before. Had Sonny been swept away by a sneaker wave? I’d heard of  this happening.
Half an hour later, I headed for home and prayed,  screamed, aloud that Sonny might await me on the path leading back to  the road. Approaching the path, I heard, over the incoming waves, a  strange yelp, then, seconds later, an even more bizarre, agonizing cry. I  sprinted up the path in almost total darkness and saw something moving  awkwardly in front of me. There, I beheld Sonny splayed on the asphalt,  drooling, convulsing, and unable to walk. I quickly felt her body all  over and she seemed paralyzed in the legs. I picked her up and began  running the half mile home. At some point, crying, exhausted, I set  Sonny down on a lawn and sprinted with Ray back to the house to get the  truck and bring her home. As all of this unfolded, I sensed that my  wonderful routine with my dogs, something I’d worked very hard to  maintain, was coming to an end. And I was scared.
Thirty minutes  later I dropped Sonny off at the vet. She still couldn’t walk, but was  lucid, so a stroke seemed unlikely. I couldn’t conceive of what was  wrong with her. She had no bruises, cuts, or punctures of any kind. How  does a dog simply become paralyzed in the legs?
In a daze, I taught  four periods at Newport High School and then rushed over to the vet’s.  He informed me that Sonny had contracted coonhound paralysis syndrome, a  rare virus originating from raccoons that is apparently passed through  saliva. I was told her condition could last four days or eight months or  forever.
For the next few days, Sonny barely moved. Then her  paralysis ebbed, and she was somewhat able to walk, offering me some  hope she might recover.
But one afternoon as I worked in the yard,  Sonny jumped off the deck and landed awkwardly on her front legs, which,  because of their weakened condition due to the paralysis, could not  safely bear her weight. Imagine a man jumping off a roof and landing on  his hands and you get the picture. Sonny severely strained, but didn’t  rupture, her ligaments, and since that day in September, I’ve  immobilized her to allow the ligaments to heal. This has meant no  walking at all and carrying her in and out of the house.
In the  subsequent three months, I’ve tried various traditional and  non-tradition rehabilitation strategies and nothing has worked. Sonny  still cannot walk properly, let alone run. One vet has recommended a  splint for six months to allow the ligaments to heal. Another vet has  recommended Sonny have surgery, which entails inserting metal plates in  her legs for support. Other people whose pets have suffered similar  ligament damage have suggested something else. Contradictions abound and  I’m not sure what to do about her condition.
Since Sonny went down,  my whole routine and attitude have changed. I was on such a superb high  with a new teaching job, a new book coming out, and my new life here in  Newport. Then, the horrible setback occurred and I can’t seem to shake  off this feeling of utter dread. This last month, I’ve experienced the  worst depression of my life and my physical fitness has nearly  disappeared. I don’t write all that much anymore either.
And I barely go to the beach. And never in the morning. And when I do, I often start crying.
Finish the party
[Posted 12.10.08]
Orange  and red streaked the sky as the dogs and I made our way to the beach on  a recent frosty morning. It was Sunday and I doubted I’d encounter  another human being — half the state was on their way to church and the  other half was hung over from celebrating OSU’s last second football  victory to keep their Rose Bowl hopes alive.
We hit the sand — no one  there! We headed north and as a few gulls fed at the wrack line, I came  across the remains of a party: a single log still burning, a liter  bottle of Coke, and 1.75 liter bottle of Evan Williams (green label)  bourbon.
Now, there’s nothing inherently wrong with drinking either  Coke or bourbon at the beach, especially around a fire with friends or  family in celebration of something wonderful. And especially if you  walked home after the party to wherever you are sleeping for the night,  which I suspected was the case here because of the proximity of many  vacation homes in the area.
But here’s what struck me as wrong with the scene:
Obviously,  the revelers inexcusably and criminally left garbage on the beach,  about the uncoolest Oregon thing you can do — and that includes using an  umbrella or drinking bottled water. Undoubtedly worse, however, these  miscreants drank Evan Williams green label, a terrible tasting spirit  better used for cooking than drinking. At least go with the 86-proof  black label, a decent meat and potatoes spirit and a bargain to boot in  these recession-wrought hard times.
Another problem: I don’t like to  judge, but the fact that garbage was left behind suggests the presence  of vastly inferior human beings and thus, they probably did drink their  bourbon with Coke — a desecration on the order of using an umbrella and  drinking bottled water while walking down an Oregon Coast beach.
Finally, and most outrageously: the partiers didn’t finish the Evan Williams! At least six or seven shots remained.
C’mon!  Finish the party! This is Oregon, home of Oswald West’s and Tom  McCall’s publicly owned beaches, where we demand the right to freely  recreate and raise hell with the same zeal the 49ers raced to California  to strike gold.
Naturally, I gathered up the garbage and brought it  home. The Coke bottle would be redeemed for a dime and, as for the  bourbon … I couldn’t bear to pour it out, even if was Evan Williams  green label.
Plenty of recipes call for whiskey.
Giving Thanks
[Posted Nov. 25, 2008]
This  week at Thanksgiving, most families will participate in some kind of  ritual before eating the big meal. Well, at least I hope they do. It  might be a blessing, a verse, a statement from the patriarch or  matriarch, or even a moment of silence. The ritual may or may not follow  a religious tradition.
At my family’s Thanksgiving, my mother always  says a short ecumenical prayer of thanks. Afterward, during the meal,  the men try to catch glimpses of the Dallas Cowboys game silently  unfolding on television a room away. My family hails from Texas and once  lived or died by the Cowboys’ fortunes on Thanksgiving.
I say “once” because a couple of decades ago, the game’s sound was turned up during  the meal. Thankfully, we’ve matured as a family since then.
My mother  says excellent prayers, but I prefer invocations above all else to  precede the meal. An invocation is a short speech appealing to a higher  power. The phrase “higher power” invokes different meanings to different  people. Define it anyway you like – this is America, you know, and we  enjoy that privilege. In my invocations, I like to count my blessings  and give thanks.
This year, I’ll read an invocation after my mom’s prayer. It will go something like this:
I give thanks because I ran down my beach this morning with my dog and not another human was around.
I  give thanks that Oregon’s ocean beaches are free, publicly owned, and  that I have the fitness to run down them as far as I want to run.
I  give thanks to Oswald West, Samuel Boardman, Matt Kramer, Sidney Bazett,  Tom McCall and Bob Straub for fighting successfully so many years ago  to keep Oregon’s ocean beaches free and in the public trust forever.
I  give thanks to my parents, who always supported me when I struck out to  see the world and came back broke. Their patience and generosity helped  me become a writer.
I give thanks the 18th Amendment was repealed so I can enjoy an excellent Oregon wine with this meal.
I give thanks to my Newport High School students for their passion, creativity and hearty coast sensibilities – no umbrellas!
I give thanks to Newport High School Principal Jon Zagel for letting me run with my ideas.
I give thanks I can hear sea lions barking from my classroom window.
I give thanks to Café Mundo in Newport for its rocking Thursday night open mic sessions and liberal editorial policy.
I give thanks to my great dogs who keep me sane.
I  give thanks I live at the Oregon Coast and not Southern California. On  business there recently, I saw Santa Monica’s beaches: $13 to park,  fences, no dogs.
And of course, I thank Oregon Coast Today for running my columns. It’s the best writing gig in the state.
Amen.
EDITOR’S NOTE: We’re thankful to Matt Love. Thanks for writing!
Forgo the straight line
