Nehalem Bay in Oregon, where a 16th century Spanish galleon wrecked.
Related Stories
What Indians' understanding of tsunamis might teach Seattle
Wed, Oct 13, 2 a.m.
Can we learn how to cope with disaster by looking at the archaeological record and the stories told by Native American communities? Yes, we can.
Having a summer place that you know
Tue, Aug 10, 2 a.m.
Rich in history, stubbornly rural and forever beautiful, remote Wallowa County, Ore., calls out to generations to return again, and again and again.
Further discoveries about Lewis and Clark
Thu, May 20, 2 a.m.
After more than 200 years, the expedition that opened the Pacific Northwest is still yielding new insights, if you know how to read between the lines.
Archaeology: Not in my backyard!
Tue, Apr 27, 2 a.m.
B.C. property owners discovered Indian remains and artifacts while building a house. Who should foot the bill for digging up the site?
Unsolved Northwest mysteries
Tue, Mar 30, 2 a.m.
Some of our region's archaeological cold cases are tough to crack, from Sir Francis Drake's landing site to the source of beeswax on the beach, from strange clay balls to the "Lucy" of Indian basketry.
Sun, Oct 12, 4:09 p.m.
The strange link between looting Indian artifacts and methamphetamine users.
By Knute Berger
The Oregon coast is lined with cozy clapboard getaways, but the tranquil image of surf and sun is undermined by a small brochure in our motel room: "Tsunami Evacuation Map" reads the loud type against a bright yellow background. "If you feel an earthquake ... DUCK, COVER AND HOLD," it warns, like Cold War instructions for a nuclear attack.
The brochure includes a map of "assembly areas" to run for after you get out of your defensive crouch. Run like hell up hill: "A tsunami may be coming in a few minutes." Have a nice weekend.
It's a fitting reminder that this coast — beautiful as it is and dotted with tourist villages, parks, and scenic overviews — features a kind of rough trade too: huge storms, earthquakes, tidal waves, giant rocks, and killer waves. They don't call the stretch on either side of the Columbia River the "graveyard of the Pacific" for nothing.
I recently stayed with a friend in Manzanita, 25 miles north of Tillamook and one block from miles of sandy beach. There are a dozen documented wrecks just off this shoreline, dating from the late 17th century to the early 20th. Those disasters are one reason I'm here.
The Oregon coast's beauty has an edge. On this chilly May day on a beach just to the north, there are surfers black as seals in wetsuits braving the waves that batter the shore. But for others, the rocks and terrain present a challenge, a puzzle. Old men don't throw their bodies into the surf, but into speculations about the mysteries of this place, and what the rocks, cliffs, stones, and driftwood can tell us about it.
Nearby Nehalem Bay is the site of a 16th century Spanish shipwreck that left evidence behind, specifically tons of beeswax that still occasionally washes up, as it has for the last 300 years (see "Unsolved Northwest Mysteries") . It also left shards of Chinese porcelain that were part if its cargo (typical of Spain's Manila galleons), and Asian teak timbers that local residents have salvaged and used to make tables and walking sticks, or to repair their cabins. The Indians before them did something similar: If you go down to the Tillamook County Pioneer Museum , you'll see Indian arrowheads made from blue and white china chips.
Before captains Cook and Vancouver or Lewis and Clark, Northwest Indians were using candle wax from the Philippines and porcelain from China brought to them, inadvertently, by an off-course Spanish vessel crewed by a multicultural complement of sailors likely including Spaniards, Filipinos, Malays, Africans, Chinese, and Mexican Indians. Here's an early example of Pacific Rim cultural exchange.
Such anomalies are inherently fascinating, and often tied to others. As anyone born with the treasure-hunting gene understands, one thing leads to another, hopefully a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. The surviving treasure from the Spanish galleon was mainly wax, a valuable commodity in its day and now a wonderful curiosity. You can see it in museums, sitting in glass cases looking like chunks of driftwood or old cheese rounds with moldy-looking rinds (maybe that's just because we're in Tillamook Cheese country). Some are stamped with Spanish shipping marks traced to the 1600s. But surely the vessel carried other treasure, perhaps gold and silver.
In fact, one small silver vessel that likely contained holy oil was found in the sand in the last century. It appears to be of Dutch origin, which adds to the picture of early "globalization."
Today, archaeologists are trying to find the wreck, but more to satisfy curiosity and settle points of controversy. Which Spanish galleon was it? Did a Chinese junk wreck there, too? Can they find the galleon's cannons? When exactly did the beeswax wreck occur? What is the geology of Nehalem Bay and the great spit of sand where the wreckage of the vessel was last seen in the mid-1920s? Will evidence of survivors ever be found?
Archaeologists are data-driven: they want to know the truth, gold or no. Besides, Oregon's heritage laws are such that any shipwreck treasure would belong to the state. If it had wrecked in Washington, however, the loot could largely stay in private hands. Yet another example of the difference between the two states.
Other seekers, though, have been motivated by treasure pure and simple, and obsessed with the mysteries that inevitably go along with a treasure hunt. Looming over Manzanita and Nehalem is Neahkahnie Mountain , an impressive, forested headland that rises some 1,700 feet above the sandy beaches, with slopes that drop off to sea-cleaving cliffs where breakers crash and shorebirds wheel. If the beaches below are offering archaeologists bits of new information about a historic Spanish vessel, Neahkahnie Mountain teases with mysteries that might or might not be related.
Local legend from the Indians has it that a small group of armor-clad white men, at least men whiter than the Indians, rowed ashore in the mists of time, dragged a chest part way up the mountain, filled it with treasure, and buried it. One version says this followed a battle between "winged canoes" that blew smoke at each other, perhaps suggesting an encounter between the Spanish galleon and unknown pirates.
Another version says a dead black man was laid on top of the chest, making it a kind of dead man's chest, I suppose. Yo ho ho. Whether the story is directly connected with the wrecked Spanish ship is unknown. There are various stories that say survivors of the beeswax vessel came and lived among the Indians and intermarried, or wandered off, or were killed. No one knows, and the oral histories are inconsistent, or garbled like a game of "Telephone."
In any case, since the 19th century, there have been big believers in Neahkahnie treasure, and the mountain is riddled with digs where a century of treasure-hunters have dug and bulldozed in vain. The mountain has also yielded stones with strange markings. Some claim they are clues or coded directions leading to the treasure, others say they are evidence that the Spanish survivors carved messages into the rocks. Still others believe the stones are part of an early survey. Author Garry Gitzen, who believes that Nehalem Bay was the site of Sir Francis Drake's famous West Coast landing in 1579, asserts they were left by Drake's party to help confirm England's claim to this part of the continent.
You can see these stones in the local museums too, or photographs of them. Some are clearly carved or notched, others seem as readable as runes: undecipherable, maybe not even man-made at all. Unfortunately, the mountain has been so picked over, there's not a lot archaeologists could do at this point.
A less romantic mind would point out several things. One is that 19th-century finds of rocks, pits, mounds, and mysterious writings were common, and often bogus. They often had to do with unrecorded history, whether it was the Lost Tribes of Israel wandering North America, or the Knights Templar stashing treasure in Nova Scotia . (Note, however, that while some famous old rune stones turned out to be false, it is fact that the Vikings beat Columbus to North America.) It is also true that many old maps and markers have turned out to be fakes: the famous Vinland map is almost assuredly a fraud. So too the infamous Drake brass plaque "found" in California (a hoax).
