Barnacles
Sea Slugs
The whole area around Cannon Beach is just a wonderful place to see an ancient and wild land. Except for the hotels and beach houses on the bluff, it’s almost as it was when Native American Indians lived in the area.
Best Time to go to Cannon Beach
It is almost impossible to predict weather in the Pacific Northwest. Some years the winters are dry and sunny, while other years they have summers that are cool and rainy. On the coast, the summer morning fog usually burns away. So, plan on anything.
August is probably the best time to travel the Oregon Coast, though the other summer months are good, as well. Check out motels, hotels, and inns in the area because Cannon Beach accommodations can fill up fast.
You Might Also Like
Puffin Kite Festival in spring
Sandcastle Day in June
A Dog Costume Contest in October
Cannon Beach is magical when it has: sunny clear days (random) and stormy wild days (usually in winter).
Stephanie Inn
The Stephanie Inn is amazing, and though it is a bit spendy, it’s still cheaper than buying or renting a cabin. And, travelers get that same cabin feel, because the hotel is warm, soothing, and relaxing. Get a massage in the guestroom or feast on yummy Northwest fare.
They do not allow children under 12 y/o.
Tolovana Inn
The Tolovana Inn has an indoor pool and some rooms have kitchenettes, and both are good for families with kids. No one really swims in this part of the ocean except for crazy surfers in drysuits (like wetsuits). Cannon Beach is a fun location for building a sandcastle and waiting for the ocean to knock it down.
This inn is pet-friendly (dog cookies at the front desk) and dogs are an extra $15 per night. Let the staff know when making reservations, as not all rooms are available for pets.
The Inn at Cannon Beach
The Cannon Beach Inn is a beautiful mix of beauty and child/pet friendliness. Check to see what dates are available. This is a perfect place for grandma to take the kids and grandchildren. Another good hotel that allows children and pets is the Hallmark inn.
Motels on Oregon Coast
There are several motels at Cannon Beach that get uneven reviews. Vacationers looking for discount lodging and motels may want to investigate Seaside Oregon. Seaside is lovely, but not quite as breathtakingly beautiful as Cannon Beach, however, it is fun, kid friendly, and the town is a bit bigger.
Seaside has a promenade where kids can ride bikes. It has a place where children can play ski-ball for hours, though some kids would rather play the more expensive video games. Don’t forget to buy some yummy saltwater taffy. (Author’s granny took her to Seaside every summer.)
These are not the only hotels in the Cannon Beach area, so look around if these aren't within one's price range.
Find this interesting?
