 
For Ideal Seaside Oregon Vacations
At the Seashore Inn we know you’ll love all the great local events, Seaside Oregon attractions, and stunning scenery that make the Oregon coast such a popular vacation destination. Below, we’ve compiled a list of attractions and events to help you and your family plan a Seaside Oregon vacation to remember.
LOCAL EVENTS, ATTRACTIONS FOR EXCITING
SEASIDE OREGON VACATIONS!
Seaside Oregon vacations often revolve around the beautiful sandy beach, and rightfully so!  Just steps from our front door are miles of beaches and fun beach activities.  Make new friends and enjoy a game of beach volleyball or build a bonfire and have a cookout.  A horseback ride at sunset is the perfect way to end a romantic day with the one you love before heading back to your beachfront hotel room .  Or take the whole family to dig for clams or fly a kite in the warm Seaside breeze.  There’s so much to do during your Seaside Oregon vacation and our list of fun activities is sure the help!
Enjoy discount shopping at the Outlet Mall.
Watch the annual gray whale migration.
Surf the wild waves or just play in the open ocean surf.
Kayak with sea lions and other marine wildlife.
Rent canoes or relax on a paddleboat to explore the nearby ocean.
Catch salmon or fresh Dungeness crab.
Visit the Seaside Aquarium, featuring some of the most astonishing animals found in the Pacific Northwest.
Have a blast at old-time amusement parks and arcades.
Beachcomb for Japanese floats and other ocean treasures.
Stroll the two-mile promenade along the panoramic Pacific Ocean coast.
Visit the end of the Lewis & Clark Trail, with designated historical sites and museums.
Attend a world-class beach volleyball tournament.
Browse through dozens of eclectic shops, quaint boutiques, galleries, and museums.
Treat yourself to fine dining featuring fresh seafood, juicy steaks, and sidewalk cafes.
Indulge your sweet tooth during your Seaside Oregon vacation with salt-water taffy from the Candy Man.
Take a hike with unforgettable views of the Oregon Coast from the vantage point of Tillamook Head.
Stay and play after your meeting at the Seaside Civic and Convention Center.
Spend a day at one of the great local golf courses.
Come for a memorable beachfront getaway. Located on the world famous Promenade, you’ll be a stroll away from Seaside’s downtown shops and restaurants.
Check-in
