What's going on?
30 Things to Do
Lists are a helpful way to get things accomplished, and when considering a trip to Seaside we encourage you to use our list of "30 Things to do." Already on the ground in our beach community? View the list now and take advantage of a very fun activity guide.
Seaside Mobile App Available
Since June, Seaside visitors and enthusiasts have been accessing information, trails, and favorite points of interest on the all new "Seaside OR App." Powered by EveryTrail , the Seaside app is available on both the iPhone and Android platforms. Read more about the app here and give us your feedback by rating the app or sending us a message . We appreciate your feedback.
Seaside Art Walk & Seaside Motorcycle Festival
Stretch your legs and your imagination at the Seaside First Saturday Art Walk on Saturday, July 7, 2012 from 5:00pm to 7:00pm in downtown Seaside.  On July 13th & 14th, 2012, the Seaside Motocycle Festival rolls into downtown Seaside.  For more information on events, please visit our Events page .
Blogging Seaside
Wondering about the insider's guide to Seaside? Look no further than our blog. From day-to-day activities to current events and business spotlights, Seaside Stories gives a different perspective to exploring Seaside and its many wonders.
Partner Links
Check out what other travelers say about Seaside, OR
View more than 100 vacation
rentals for Seaside, Oregon
where you can review pricing
and availability at FlipKey.com.
Request your copy of the 2012 Seaside Visitor Guide
The new 2012 Seaside Visitor Guide is now available by request, for virtual viewing , and also in the lobby at the Seaside Visitors Bureau 24-hours per day. Packed with great information on what to do, where to eat and places to sleep, the 2012 Seaside Visitor Guide is great while planning at home or once you've reached Seaside. Some new features to highlight include a pullout map listing all of the lodging properties and locations. Also new are QR codes to scan for smart phone users. The popular treasure quest returns with Seaside Treasure Quest II to challenge those of you up to following the clues in order to enter to win treasure. 2012 Tide tables by month for the Seaside area are also included for planning your next walk along the shore, sand dollar collecting, razor clamming or crabbing pursuit.
Summer along the Oregon Coast
Summer in Seaside is one of the busiest times of year for outdoor activities like water sports, biking, hiking and kite flying. June is marked by the annual Beach Soccer tournament and the thunder of muscle cars at the Seaside Muscle 'N' Chrome car show. The Fourth of July celebration includes a spectacular fireworks show, parade and old-fashioned social. In August, Seaside’s beach is home to two huge sporting events: the annual Seaside Beach Volleyball Tournament, the world's largest amateur volleyball tournament, and the Hood to Coast Relay, the longest and largest relay race in the world. Mid to late summer, pelicans begin moving north along the coast and can be seen diving into the ocean for a bite. The city’s landscaping will be of interest to garden lovers. Pocket gardens showcase more than 2000 varieties of trees, shrubs,bulbs, perennials and annuals. Consider a summer getaway by checking out our " 30 Things to Do Feature ," flip through the Virtual Visitor Guide or simply get motivated for a trip to Seaside by viewing some of our videos of what happens in our beautiful coastal town.
More than just a day at the beach
Seaside has been the Northwest’s most popular ocean resort for over a century and is located just 90 minutes from Portland, Oregon. It is a destination paradise for a wide variety of reasons: its spectacular ocean views, miles of public beach, unique natural setting, mild ocean climate, outdoor activities, year-round events, excellent shopping, and unforgettable dining.
Visitors delight in dozens of unique boutiques, specialty shops, art galleries and antique stores. Our 1.5-mile long ocean front Promenade is perfect for strollers, joggers and bike riders. The “Prom” also gives access to those with mobility issues, getting them closer to the beach. The wide and sandy beach is available for all kinds of activities, from low rider beach bikes, beach volleyball, wave watching, to sand castle building, kite flying or a hot dog roast. Those young at heart will enjoy such amusements as the carousel, arcades, min iature golf, bumper cars and boats, tilt-a-whirl, paddle boats and canoes.
Seaside has a plethora of culinary delights, satisfying even the most discriminating taste buds. We offer family fare, fine dining, ethnic cuisine, spirits, wine and brews, snacks and sweet treats. Local seafood and Pacific Northwest fare abound. Many of our lodging properties offer daily and weekly rates ranging from traditional hotels and motels, Bed and Breakfasts, Inns, timeshares, condos, vacation rentals, camp grounds and RV Resorts. Seaside is more than just a day at the beach!
Historic photo of the week
This photo is an aerial view of the Seaside Turnaround and Broadway circa 1920s. This view shows The Turnaround bordered by the Seaside Hotel to the left (South) along The Promenade and a Natatorium, or salt-water pool facility, to the right (North). For more information on the history of Seaside, please click here . photo courtesy of Seaside Historical Society and Museum.
Recreating throughout Seaside
There are several ways to see Seaside on the go for the outdoor enthusiast. Activities in and around Seaside will get you moving on foot, on wheels, on water and in the air. In 2011, NextStop host Jon Olson and Miss Clatsop County Jessica Humble explored three of those disciplines in the video seen here. You can watch an entire episode of life along Oregon's North Coast by visiting our page of videos in and around Seaside.
