Home / Events / Beach Volleyball
Players and spectators  enjoy the clear ocean air of one of the World’s most beautiful beaches as described by National Geographic. The beach is home to the Seaside Beach Volleyball Tournament to be played for the 30th consecutive year in August of 2011. It is the largest amateur beach volleyball tournament in the world with over 800 teams playing on 100 plus courts. Divisions range from parent and child to Masters 55+, along with our Men, Women and Co-ed Open Divisions that feature current and retired AVP ranked players. Seaside Beach Volleyball is consistently the highest ranked and most visited amateur beach volleyball tournament around! Teams travel from as far as the East Coast and Hawaii as well as Canada. Our tournament is known throughout the beach volleyball world and is mentioned by many AVP players as “the one to go to.” And, Seaside Beach Volleyball is as organic as it comes… no bleachers, no required team shirts, no plastic clapping devices and no entry fee for spectators! Best of all when the tournament is over there is no trace of it left on the clean white sands. The tournament takes place on the third full weekend in August. Our official Seaside Beach Volleyball site has more information. You can reach the site by using the link below.
Visit Our Official Site
Seaside, Oregon has hosted the largest amateur beach volleyball tournament in the country for the past 29 years. In 2011 the event was enjoyed by over 950 teams, spanning 104 courts during three days of competition. Registration will start in April, for the tournament to be held in August always on the second FULL WEEKEND. Prize money is set at $15,000 for the tournament. It also develops future players through volleyball clinics in partnership with USA Volleyball Junior Beach Tour.
With a diversity of divisions, ranging from Men’s and Women’s Open, Co-Ed, Advanced, Advanced A Divisions, Quads and Six’s, as well as a “Parent – Child” division, the Seaside Beach Volleyball event has something for everyone. Players and spectators alike!
Including the participants and fans, the 2010 Seaside Beach Volleyball event was viewed by over 10,000 people each day. The event is an annual pilgrimage for most of the players where team ages range from 14 and under, to a senior division. The event is one of Seaside’s biggest attractions each year, exceeded only by the Seaside Chamber’s July 4th fireworks show. Players travel from Hawaii, British Columbia, California, Idaho, Washington, Oregon and other States to play in the tournament.
The event features a “Theater in the Round” atmosphere by developing a “Sand Berm” arena, using the “Lewis & Clark” Turn-A- Round” as the skybox viewing. All seating is free and on a first come first serve basis and the crowds are treated to some of the best volleyball anywhere!
Included into the event venue is a diversified vendor area that ranges from product sampling, Seaside Beach Volleyball merchandise, a variety of food and general merchandise to appeal to beach goers.
Sponsorship
Seaside Beach Volleyball is produced by The Seaside Chamber of Commerce in association with the Elevation Group, one of the nation’s leading Sports & Music marketing and event production firms. With thanks to the major sponsors Bud Light, Clatsop Distributing, Monster Energy Drink, Spalding, Peterson CAT, Plastic Clothing and US Open Beach Volleyball, the Seaside Chamber’s annual sponsors Fred Meyer and Pacific Power help make the event possible.
Keep Up With Us
