Welcome to Lincoln City VCB!
Welcome to a new world. Adventure and repose are yours in Lincoln City on the Central Oregon Coast. Want to learn a new skill? Need the time to reflect on the old and to dream about the future? Or do you just want to walk peacefully on one of the best beaches in the Pacific Northwest? Enter our world. We didn't make anything up. It's all here---the ocean, the beach, the lake, the forests, the rivers, the wildlife, the winds. (Ok, we did add the sumptuous food, luxurious lodging, tantalizing shops, and fresh learning opportunities.)
Glass Floats - Finders Keepers!
Finders Keepers: Sand, Fire, Glass . . It's An Art!
In days gone by, visitors searching Oregon's beaches often found treasures from the east: blown glass floats, in intriguing shades of green and blue. Used by Japanese fishing crews to float their nets, these spheres were as small as two inches (5 cm) or as large as two feet (.6 m). They were hoarded, polished and adored, the ultimate find for a dedicated beachcomber.
Now that fishing vessels around the world use buoyant plastic, a blown glass float is a rare find - except on the beaches of Lincoln City, where more than 2,000 of them are found each winter, a few placed on the beach each day the ocean permits it. We put out the number of floats reflected by the year - so 2001 in 2001, 2002 in 2002, etc....
About Lincoln City
The Beach is Open for Business
Evergreen forests, broad sandy beaches, clean air, the magnificent Pacific Ocean and a lake at its back door - Lincoln City has it all. Folks from around the country and the world return year after year to soak up the Lincoln City experience. In addition to its popularity as a tourist destination, Lincoln City has several other claims to fame:
Finders Keepers: Glass Floats on the Beach!
Interactive Glass Art Experience
Places to learn arts and crafts you don't have time to learn at home.
No sales tax shopping sprees
Recreational and cultural activities year round
The shortest river in the world, the D River
Lincoln City is one of the top 25 places to retire in the United States
A wide variety of lodging options from camping to luxury
Pacific Coast Center for Culinary Arts
Things to Do in Lincoln City
We're sure you'll leave with a smile!
There's more to do than can be done in just 2 or 3 days. From indoor activities like gaming, shopping and dining to beachcombing, bird watching and festivals, plan to make your stay long enough to enjoy it all. Whether you are traveling alone, with friends, family or business associates, we have the setting to help you relax and stay busy at the same time. Click here for suggested itineraries for you or your group:
Calendar of Events
Get Busy!
Temperate climate, friendly people, unparalleled natural backdrop, and a business climate that welcomes visitors make every month of the year a new adventure in Lincoln City. We've put together this list of activities and events as a brief glimpse of all the fun you can have here. Note: Event dates and times are subject to change. Please call the "FMI" number to confirm.
Kid's Stuff
Kids Stuff
Lincoln City is a great place for everyone, and kids are no exception. Between the Ocean, Devils Lake, other outdoor activities and tons of great events and attractions, kids and kids-at-heart love Lincoln City. We want you to have fun on your trip, but we encourage you to be safe. Please stay off logs on the beach.
Weather, Forecast & Tides
Check out the Current Conditions!
Lincoln City has a temperate year-round climate. Although we do have some hot days in the summer and chilly evenings in the Winter, you can expect to experience temperatures ranging between 45ยบ (7.2 c) and 80ยบ (27 c) . You never know when it might rain, so make sure you've brought some rain gear, but that doesn't mean you won't need sun block in the summer months.
Getting to Lincoln City
Lincoln City is your beacon for fun on the Oregon Coast.
We're sure that no matter how you get here you'll want to stay and then come back again. From Portland (approximately 2 hours), Seattle (approximately 5 hours) or Salem (approximately 1-1/4 hours) it's an easy and scenic drive through the beautiful Coastal Mountain Range, and if you're already on the Coast, we're right on U.S. Highway 101. Check out the Oregon Department of Transportation's web site for up-to-date traffic information and live shots of traffic.
