
Rockaway Beach House Oregon 5 Bedroom Oregon Coast Vacation Rental Oceanfront Home Beachfront For Rent By Owner
Rockaway Beach Beachfront Vacation Rental Oregon Coast Beach House 5 Bedroom Vacation Home For Rent By Owner Sleeps 16 Plus
Rockaway Beach Vacation Rental
Luxurious Vacation Rental By Owner
5 Bedroom, 3 Bathrooms - Sleeps 16 +
Click here to see ~ Rates & Availability Calendar  ~  Contact Us  ~ 
Breathtaking Oceanfront Luxury
Coastal Oregon
Beach Rental By Owner
This beautiful luxury home is right on Rockaway Beach the Oregon Coast. Step from the great room right onto the sand.
This by owner 5 bedrooms, 3 bath, Rockaway Beach vacation rental home on the Oregon coast, features two spacious living areas, two gas fireplaces, ping pond table, a pool table, cable tv and more!
"We had a family reunion on this beautiful beach with 14 people - 8 grown ups and 6 kids, including 2 crawling babies.
The house is perfect for large family get-togethers, especially if they like to cook big family meals.  The house is bright and cheerful with tasteful decor with lots of comfy seating. Highly recommend."
Barb - June 2010 Portland, OR
The Great Room
Seating for you and all your friends!  The great room is furnished  with red leather couches, and overstuffed chairs.
Table settings for 20 a great place to eat, watch the ocean, read, enjoy television or a game of cribbage with family and friends.
"Best Coastal New Years Yet!  I came here for New Years a year ago with friends and it was the most amazing place to ring in 2011. The house is gorgeous and is right on the water. With 5 bedrooms and an enormous kitchen, there was plenty of room for everyone.
The game room with pool and ping pong was a great way to goof around with people. The house is absolutely beautiful.  And everything is provided. Kitchen is ready for your gourmet dinner as soon as you turn the key and throw your bags on the bed. The master bedroom or "Captain's Quarters" had a comfy king size bed. It was wonderful.
The area around the house is very quaint too. The town of Rockaway has cute shops and Manzanita is right down the road. Overall, it’s a gem with a private beach perfect for any getaway."
Andrew C - Dec 10 2010 San Francisco, CA
Downstair's Bathrooms
Two large, full bathrooms downstairs.  Both offer double sinks, and extra large showers, plenty of hot water and soft, colorful, oversize towels.
Bathrooms are stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and hair dryers.  A closet full of beach towels ensure everyone stays warm and dry.
"This house rocks! Never mind that it's right on the beach and has a huge kitchen with all the trappings. It's big enough and has enough rooms and spaces for the entire extended family to hang together or find their own private corners.
We've stayed there twice with all the kids and grandkids (and a dog) and even if it's pounding rain outside (which it sometimes does) we had a great time! We will definitely return."
John and Nancy - April 2011 Gladstone, OR
Open Gourmet Kitchen
No need to lug appliances, dishes or cookbooks, this modern kitchen is LARGE and fully appointed with dishes and serving ware for 14 ... plus all manner of pots, pans and entertainment pieces.
A center island serves as a workstation and provides efficient room for several cooks in the kitchen.
The open design of the Rockaway Beach vacation rental's great room/living/kitchen/dining room means that the entire crew can enjoy activities together while dinner and drinks are being prepared.
Captains Quarters
Upstairs bedroom boasts a king size bed decked out in new designer sheets.  Room is equipped with cable television, dresser, easy chair, corner writing desk and plenty of closet space.
Full bathroom upstairs stocked with lots of beautiful towels plus shampoo, conditioner and body wash.  Forget your toothbrush?  No problem, extras are on hand for your convenience.
Lighthouse Room
Queen size poster bed with dresser, end tables and reading lamps.
Pastel colors and comfy quilts offer a soothing and restful place to catch up on your sleep or that good book you have been meaning to read.
Cottage Room
Private and quiet, this room is furnished with a queen size bed.
Shut the door and catch up on all that sleep you have been missing.
Nautica Room
Sail into dream land in this ship inspired room furnished with a queen size sleigh bed and designer sheets.
Double pillows and plenty of blankets provide maximum comfort.  Watch your own TV or cuddle with a friend.
Crew's Quarters
This bunk room is a haven for kids or adults who like to room together!  Two sets of full-size bunk beds plus a queen size futon allows up to six people to share this space.
Equipped with cable television and a tons of board games.  Pillow fights can ensue to all hours of the night ? Mom and Dad will never know!
Family Room
After a day on the beautiful Oregon coast, enjoy a game of pool or ping pong with friends and family. Poor a cool drink and enjoy the fire.
Or, curl up on the couch to watch one of the many movies this great house supplies.  This house is all about you and the comforts you deserve!
Area Activities
Located a quick two hour drive from Portland, just north of the town of Rockaway in the area called "Nedonna Beach."  Pristine beaches.   Crabbing, fishing, kayaking, beachcombing, hiking, biking, whale watching, deep sea, river or lake fishing. <
