Contact: General Park Information, 252-473-2111
Contact: Hurricane Park Recovery Information, 252-473-2111 x154
Park opens Oregon Inlet Campground and Beach Ramp 4
Hatteras and Ocracoke Islands remain closed to General Public
Manteo, North Carolina: Superintendent Mike Murray announced though the park will open Oregon Inlet Campground and Beach Ramp 4 to Oregon Inlet at 6am September 3. Park has also reopened beaches and many ramps along the Cape Hatteras National Seashore, access to Hatteras and Ocracoke islands remain open to residents only due to damage to roads and other infrastructure in this area. For updated beach access information for the park see the latest Google Earth beach access maps: http://www.nps.gov/caha/planyourvisit/googleearthmap.htm
The Oregon inlet campground will open September 3 and all other campgrounds remain closed due to damages from Hurricane Irene.
The Wright Brothers National Monument and Fort Raleigh National Historic site are fully reopened.
Coquina Beach and all its facilities has also reopened.
The following areas and/or ramps are open to off road vehicles (ORV)
Bodie Island Oregon Inlet Area
Ramp 2 - Open to 0.6 miles south of Ramp 4
Ramp 4 - Open 6am September 3
Coquina Beach: The bathhouse and parking are open. Lifeguards will be on duty regular hours.
Rodanthe-Waves- Salvo Area
Ramps 23, 30, and 34 are open (Note Ramp 27 is closed and Beach is closed 0.1 m north and south of Ramp 27 for wildlife protection)
Ramp 38 - Open to 1.8 mile south of Ramp 38
Cape Point-Buxton-Hatteras Area
Ramp 44 - Open south to Cape Point and continuing west to 0.5 mile east of Ramp 45.
Ramp 45 - Open
Ramp 49 - Open, there is no thru access between Ramp 49 and 45
Ramp 55 - Open to Hatteras Inlet
Ocracoke Area (are beaches by closed ramps open to pedestrians)
Ramp 67 - Open to 1 mile north and 0.6 miles south
Ramp 70 - Open
Ramp 72 - Open to 0.3 mile south of Ramp 72
Other Park Facilities
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site and Wright Brothers National Memorial are open and have resumed normal hours of operation.
Bodie Island Lighthouse and facilities. All park facilities on Hatteras and Ocracoke Islands remain closed. (Note - this includes airports)
130 National Park Service staff from 29 parks in 15 states across the country have been mobilized as part of this emergency response to support assessment of damage to park facilities and resources and assist in reopening remaining facilities as safely and quickly as possible.
Damages confirmed so far to park and concession/permitted service providers in the Outer Banks National Parks include damaged rooftops, water intrusion either through flooding or roof leakage in numerous facilities, scattered debris and tree limbs, and missing or damaged boardwalks, signs, posts and fencing materials. Resource advisors are in the field assessing natural and cultural resource impacts as well.
For more information, contact 252-473-2111.
-NPS-
Did You Know?
A piece of sea whip that washes up on the beach at Cape Hatteras National Seashore is not a plant, but the skeleton of a whole colony of animals.
A tiny animal lived in each hole on the yellow, orange or purple stems.  It had a mouth, a stomach and eight tentacles to catch food.
