Sea star and sea anemone at Bandon Beach
Marine ecology of the Oregon Coast is some of the most diverse in the world. Several species of marine mammals make their home on the Oregon Coast, including several species of seal , including the Steller's Sea Lion and Harbor Seal , as well as the less common Northern Elephant Seal and California Sea Lion . [16] The Sea Lion Caves near Florence, and the bay front in Newport are the best places to see Steller's Sea Lions and Harbor seals, though they can be observed in many other places. Seal pups can sometimes be seen on sandy beaches resting. Signs are often posted on beaches warning of this, as the law prohibits disturbing them. Formerly, populations of sea otter could be found on the coast. However, fur hunters have wiped out the Oregon populations. Prior to the sighting in February, 2009 in Depoe Bay, no sea otters had been sighted in over 103 years. [17] Occasionally, the large Humboldt Squid wash up onto the beaches after following warm currents which dissipate leaving the squid to die of hypothermia. [18]
Several species of whale can be observed in the waters near shore, especially during migration in late December and late March, such as Gray Whale , Orca , and Humpback Whale . Harbor Porpoises are also relatively common. [19] Because of this, whale watching is a common tourist attraction along the coast. Tour boats often take passengers on whale watching tours, though it is possible to do so from shore. It is sometimes the case that whale carcasses are beached on Oregon shores. One such beaching, which occurred near Florence in November 1970, was handled by blowing it up using dynamite. This has become the well-known exploding whale incident. [20]
Tidepools , which occur frequently along Oregon's rocky shores, are unique, contained ecosystems housing up to many hundreds of species of animal. Red , green , and brown algae are common sights. Many species of invertebrates can also be found in these coastal tidepools, and include sponges , sea anemones , mussels , sea stars , limpets , crabs , shrimp , barnacles , sea urchins , and sea cucumbers . [21] Sunset Bay State Park, near Coos Bay, and Strawberry Hill, near Yachats , are among the largest collections of tidepools and are popular places for exploring them.
Also common along the coast are kelp forests and rock reefs. Both areas harbor much of Oregon's marine life, including many species of fish, such as the numerous species of rockfish [ disambiguation needed ], flatfish , and greenlings . Because these areas provide a shelter from oceanic currents, these zones share many invertebrate species with the onshore tidal zone. Because of the rich diversity of life, most animal species along the Oregon coast depend on these keystone zones for survival. [22]
See also: List of Oregon birds
Snowy Plover are common along the Oregon Coast
Many varieties of birds make their home on the Oregon Coast. Because of the variety of birds found in the area, bird watching is a common pastime. Birds along the Oregon Coast can be divided into four categories:
Seabirds spend most of their lives at sea and are adapted to ocean life. Some even sleep in the water, though they must all return to land to lay their eggs. Their diets consist mostly of small fish, squid , shellfish , and crustaceans . Species of seabirds on the Oregon Coast include the Common Murre , Tufted Puffin , Marbled Murrelet , the Black Oystercatcher , Auklets , many varieties of cormorants , the Western Gull , and Glaucous-winged Gull . Many seabird species are endemic and found nowhere else.
Many birds of prey live on the coast, eating small birds, rodents, and small mammals. These include the Bald Eagle , Barn Owl , and Osprey .
Waterfowl also make their homes in the freshwater areas around the Coast. These are the many varieties of ducks and geese in the area. [16]
Further information: History of Oregon
Hoxie Simmons, Rogue River Indian, c. 1870.
It is generally accepted that the first indigenous peoples arrived in the region around 11,000–13,000 years ago, likely drawn by the rich natural resources of the area. However, very little is known about these early peoples, as very few archeological sites exist from before 3500 years ago. [23] Several tribes and language families would eventually form along the coast. Major groups included the Clatsop , Tillamook , Alsea , Siuslaw , Coos , and Coquille . The lifestyles of these tribes were very similar and sometimes interlinked, with the defining differences being the languages they spoke. [24] Because of the abundance of food in the region, most settlements were permanent. Many of the tribes subsisted primarily on seafoods such as clams, salmon , and seals , as well as berries. [25]
[ edit ] European exploration (1775–1811)
European exploration of the Oregon Coast began in the 18th century as Spanish mariners sailed northward from Mexico to explore and later stake claim to the region, led by explorer Vasco Núñez de Balboa 's claim of the entire Pacific and shores in the name of the Spanish Crown. The earliest expedition recorded along the Pacific Northwest coast, however, was led by Spaniard Juan José Pérez Hernández aboard the sloop Santiago in 1774. Pérez's findings were kept a secret and much of the credit for his findings went to later explorers. Pérez's expedition was followed soon after by the 1775 expedition led by Bruno de Heceta and Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra , in which Pérez served as pilot. These further explorations led to many discoveries along the Oregon and Washington Coasts. Heceta Head was later named after Bruno de Heceta. [26]
At the same time as the Spanish expeditions, British mariners also began to explore the region, led by explorers Sir Francis Drake in the 16th century and later by James Cook and George Vancouver in the 18th century. British expeditions made many discoveries in the region. Drake called the area New Albion , though the exact location of New Albion remains a mystery. Vancouver would make the most extensive explorations of the region during his expeditions. [26]
Meanwhile, American Captain Robert Gray , aboard the sloop Washington, visited the Oregon Coast in his 1788 voyage to the west coast of the Americas. In August 1788, Gray attempted to gain entrance to the mouth of the Columbia. However, Gray accidentally grounded the Washington on a sand bar, and the ship was attacked by natives, in which one crew member was killed and the mate wounded. Gray returned in 1792 aboard the Columbia , where he met with British Captain Vancouver off the Strait of Juan de Fuca . Gray mentioned the river to Vancouver, which Gray had named the Columbia. Vancouver quietly dismissed this claim by Gray, thinking that the Columbia was a part of the Juan de Fuca Strait. Vancouver was loath to later admit Gray's correct discovery of the Columbia River. [26]
[ edit ] Lewis and Clark Expedition
Meriwether Lewis and William Clark
In 1803, with the successful purchase of the Louisiana Territory from France, President Thomas Jefferson ordered an expedition to the west coast, which was led by Captain Meriwether Lewis and William Clark . The Lewis and Clark Expedition reached the Oregon Coast in early winter of 1805, where they built Fort Clatsop near present day Astoria. During their stay at Fort Clatsop, the Corps of Discovery made many observations about the landscape and local life, as well as establishing relations with the local Clatsop Indians. The expedition began their return trip to Washington D.C. in March 1806. [27] The Lewis and Clark Expedition would have long-lasting effects for the Pacific Northwest and began the settlement of the U.S. west coast, even though heavy settlement of the Oregon Coast would not come until half a century later.
[ edit ] Pioneer settlement (1811–1859)
A few years later, in 1811, John Jacob Astor returned and set up the first permanent United States settlement at Astoria, then a trading post. However, the settlement was not as profitable as Astor had hoped it would be, and was sold to the British North West Company in 1812. In 1838, Charles Wilkes , on a voyage commissioned by US Congress, landed on the Oregon Coast and raised the American flag. British claims were slowly lost with the increasing number of pioneers traveling to Oregon along the Oregon Trail , and 8 years later, the Oregon Treaty was signed with Britain, ending the half-century claims to Oregon and the Oregon Coast by the British. [28] [29]
Former Oregon Governor Oswald West
After Oregon attained statehood in 1859 and the completion of railroads throughout the Coast Range, development of land quickly began along many of the Coasts bays and rivers. Logging and commercial fishing soon became the primary industries in the area, and several ports were built to facilitate both industries. In 1870, the first lighthouse at Cape Blanco was built and was soon followed by both the Yaquina Bay Light and Yaquina Head Light in 1871 and 1873, respectively. The last Coast Guard operated light, Cape Arago Light , was built in 1934.
However, in 1874, Oregon State Land Board began to sell public tidelands to private landowners. [30] Soon, resorts were built alongside the beaches in towns such as Seaside , Newport , and Rockaway Beach . The completion of railroads from the primary population centers in the Willamette Valley , the beginnings of tourism started along the coast. [31] In 1911, governor Oswald West was elected on the promise to reclaim Oregon's beaches as public land. Though the legislature favored the privatization of these lands, West was able to make an argument for public ownership based on the need for transportation, and in 1913, the Oregon legislature declared the entire length of the ocean shore from the Columbia to California as a state highway. [30] [31] Legislators also created the State Highway Commission , which began the construction of U.S. Route 101 along the coast. The Parks and Recreation Department , a branch of the highway commission, bought land for 36 state parks along the coastal highway, an average of one every 10 miles (16 km). With the completion of the highway-and-parks system, coastal tourism skyrocketed. [31] Recent years have seen a drop in both the logging and fishing industries , due mainly to changes in the U.S. economy as well as changes in regulations governing the harvest of fish and timber.
[ edit ] 1967 Oregon Beach Bill
Sunset Bay, Coos County, Oregon
Oregon’s public lands claim was challenged in 1966, when a motel owner fenced off beach area for the private use of his guests. [31] [32] Responding to citizen complaints, state legislators put forward the Oregon Beach Bill , proposing to reestablish the beaches' status as public land. Concerns about private property rights threatened the bill's passage. [30] [33] In response, Governor Tom McCall staged a dramatic media event on May 13, 1967, flying two helicopters to the beach with a team of surveyors and scientists. The ensuing media coverage resulted in overwhelming public demand for the bill, which passed and was signed by McCall on July 6, 1967. [30] [32]
The Beach Bill declares that all "wet sand" within 16 feet (4.9 m) vertical feet of the low tide line belongs to the state of Oregon. [34] In addition, it recognizes public easements of all beach areas up to the line of vegetation, regardless of underlying property rights. The public has "free and uninterrupted use of the beaches," and property owners are required to seek state permits for building and other uses of the ocean shore. [35] While some parts of the beach remain privately owned, state and federal courts have upheld Oregon’s right to regulate development of those lands and preserve public access. [30] [36]
[ edit ] Traveling the Oregon Coast
Heceta Head Lighthouse near Florence
Due to its scenery, wildlife, and history, the Oregon Coast is a popular travel destination. Hiking , sport fishing , cycling , kite flying , scuba diving , surfing , sandboarding , and boating are common activities for visitors to the region. Historic areas, such as Fort Clatsop , Battle Rock , and Oregon's lighthouses are all popular sites for visitors. The Oregon Coast is also known for its scenic areas, such as Cape Perpetua , Cape Blanco and Cape Arago . Likewise, each region has its own distinct draws in addition to those found throughout the state, such as the Astoria Column in Astoria, the Oregon Coast Aquarium in Newport, and Mount Emily outside Brookings. The South Coast's commercial airport [37] is the Southwest Oregon Regional Airport in North Bend [38] and the Central Coast is served by the Newport Municipal Airport .
See also: List of beaches in Oregon
Oregon's beaches are popular destinations for visitors. Horse riding , clam digging , and surfing are popular activities. Certain beaches are host to events such as Seaside's Beach Run and Prom Walk or Lincoln City's glass float hunt. Because of many headlands along the Oregon Coast, beaches vary in length from dozens of miles to less than a quarter of a mile. Though less common, surf fishing also occurs along sections of the beach. However, not all Oregon beaches are sand beaches. Large surf-smoothed stones are common and several stone beaches exist. Some beaches are also shrinking, due partially to human interactions and partly to invasive species of plant such as European Beachgrass . [39]
