Best Beaches Along The Oregon Coast
[ ? ] Subscribe To This Site
 
Best Beaches For Romance Along The Oregon Coast
The Oregon coastline is a thing of splendor. Some of the best beaches on the Oregon Coast for romance span the nearly 400 miles of it's coastline.
 
Cozy small towns, majestic lighthouses, breathtaking photo ops. They're all a part of what makes the coast among the most treasured places to take your honeymoon or vacation.
 
Do You Have A favorite Oregon beach? Tell everyone what it is and why it's so special to you!
 
Although every place from North to South is unique and lovely in it's own way, there are some places, specifically beaches in our case, that simply cry out "I'm about romance!" Sometimes, long stretches of sand as far as the eye can see that eventually disappear into the low-hanging fog of the morning. Strolling together, hand in hand,  beachcombing for shells, interesting shards of driftwood, glass floats and more.
 
It's a number of elements, perfectly combined, that gives off that aura. Not anything concrete or formulaic, necessarily. Sometimes you can point it out immediately and, yet, other times, you just can't put your finger on it. You simply know how it makes you feel. The combination of salt air, summer sun or winter rains, the feel of the sand between your toes, and on and on all contribute to the feeling that you are in the absolutely perfect place.
 
Below are some of the best beaches along the Oregon Coast, in my opinion. Cannon Beach and Newport tops that list. They just have a small town, coastal community feeling to them that is very appealing to me.
 
The beach itself has a very natural, rugged look to it; as if it is completely untouched by humans. As far as that goes, the majesty and beauty is hard to top. That's why it's listed first :)
 
I want to help you make some informed decisions on where to spend your time, especially if you are searching for a place to get away rather than join in. Actually, any choice that you make is going to be the right one. It just depends on if you want your privacy or if you're itching for some tourist-type enjoyment.
 
If you have the time to drive the entire coastline, stop at them all. With this Oregon Coast best beaches list, you just can't go wrong. The beauty is matchless.
 
  Click here to discover romantic Oregon coast beach rentals
Neskowin Beach
Hidden from the freeway and nestled within the small town of Neskowin is a stretch of beach that is serene and beautiful. This is truly one of the most romantically best beaches along the Oregon Coast.
 
The wide areas of sandy beach is watched over by Proposal Rock, a huge monolith jutting from the ocean, covered in vegetation. The story goes that a local area family had 9 daughters. Each one was proposed to near the giant rock. The name stuck. This is a perfect place to pack a lunch, pop open a bottle of bubbly and watch the sun set. Find more information about Neskowin beaches
Beverly Beach
A tad north of Newport, Beverly Beach is like a little hideaway. Drive down into Beverly Beach State Park and then walk under the bridge right out onto a long, expanse of lovely Oregon coastal beach.
 
This is a fantastic place to remove yourself from the crowds and just enjoy some seclusion.
 
Nye Beach
Situated in one of my favorite cities and choices to live in, Newport, OR, Nye Beach stands out as a charming, relaxing, and romantic beach on the Oregon coast.
 
Lots of little shops for eating, drinking, and enjoying yourself at stretch up and down Nye Beach, with total beach access at the end of it all. It's like a city within the city of Newport. It's very cool!
 
Cannon Beach
The first thing that Cannon Beach is known for is historic Haystack Rock. Standing 235 ft high, it is the third largest coastal monolith in the world. The home to marine birds and tide pool creatures, it is a sight to behold. Cannon Beach has over nine miles of walkable beach and is perfect for long, romantic strolls with your lover.
 
Ecola State Park boasts many winding trails for those who love to hike and the viewpoint is one of the most photographed on the entire Oregon Coast. Personally, I rank this the best beach and, without a doubt, Cannon Beach is one of my favorite towns along the entire coast.
 
Lincoln City
With over 7 miles of open beach and known as the "Kite Capitol of the World," Lincoln City is a great place to be. Beachcombing with your sweetie , searching for sea treasure is an awesome way to spend the day. Agates , driftwood, shells and, if you get lucky, you may even come across a Japanese fishing float . Those things are quite a find! As long as you take your time and have some patience, there is no telling what may turn up.
 
The Lincoln City beaches are equally great for tide pool searches, whale watching, wind surfing, and of, course, flying a big, gorgeous kite together. Evening walks along the water's edge is especially romantic. Make sure to get yourself a tides table booklet so you can take advantage of walking out as far as you can go when the Pacific Ocean has receded. Click here for more about Lincoln City.
 
Rockaway Beach
Located on historic Hwy 101 with seven miles of open beach, Rockaway Beach has a small town feel to it. It contrasts Seaside, which is more of a tourist town.
 
This example of one of the best beaches on the Oregon coast is uncluttered by crowds and well taken care of. It's a wonderful place if you simply want to do nothing but enjoy some peace and quiet on one of the best beaches of the Oregon Coast. Read more about Rockaway Beach.
 
And don't forget to take a ride on the steam train! ;)
 
Taft Beach
I really love the Taft District in Lincoln City. It's a very quaint little area with shops, art galleries, and restaurants that ooze character (you'll find Mo's World Famous Clam Chowder there, as well).
Taft Beach is a perfect place to walk along the dock, nap in a lounge chair, and enjoy some fishing. Although a public beach, it has a private feel to it.
 
Bandon
Located 90 miles North of the California border on Hwy 101, Bandon's best beaches are pure, rustic and lovely. Known as "a town of the past, looking toward the future," the town is home to just over 3000 friendly residents. The local tourist shops are quaint and inviting. You'll love the seclusion of the beaches! Want more information about Bandon, Oregon?
 
 
Didn't find what you were looking for? Find it with Google search: 
If you're a globe-trotter, Cape  Town, South Africa is perfect for a romantic vacation or even for a family  holiday . They have some gorgeous beaches over there and my friend,  Alison can tell you all about this exceptional place.
Do You Have A Favorite Oregon Beach?
Tell us exactly what you like about it and why it's so amazing to you. It sure would help others discover the beautiful Oregon Coast beaches!
Enter The Beach Name (ex. "The Seaside Beaches")
What Makes This Beach So Special? Share A Story! [ ? ]
Close Help
Entering your story is easy to do. Just type!... ;)
Your story will appear on the Web page exactly the way you enter it here. You can wrap a word in square brackets to make it appear bold. For example &#91;my story&#93; would show as <strong>my story</strong> on the Web page containing your favorite Oregon beach. Indulge yourself and make someone else's time at the beach very special!
NOTE: The maximum length is 10,000 characters. See the counter below this box for the number of characters still available.
TIP: Since most people scan Web pages, include your best thoughts in your first paragraph.
Fun, huh?
