CHECK ONLINE S PECIALS   FIRST
See all  vacation rentals homes here
Rental instructions,  procedure/policy
Information on the Oregon coast
Just fun stuff on the coast
Check out our SPECIALS !
Is it  legend?  I don't know.  But I have heard that on a clear day you can see the whales smile as they pass by the shores of this sunny window on the coast.  Further south and further north they will run into fog and rain and  rough weather and seas.  Yet here, in this little stretch of the southern  Oregon coast, they seem to dance in the sunlight that almost always fills the  waves this time of  year.  Is it  wishful  thinking that they pause and smile as they pass by the Whale Cove Beach?  Maybe.  Yet I have seen them slow to a stop as they pass this way.  I have seen as they circle and seem somehow to dance as the sunlight glistens off the shiny wet leather of their huge body.  And once, when the day was particularly delightful, I think I did see that smile, just as the largest of whales turned his impressive gaze toward me, there as I sat on that beach  dreaming of sailing on the cool waves out past the horizon....
Reservations are by invitation only.  We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone we feel is not appropriate for  our property or who fails to follow our Policy.   We reserve the right to change pricing, amenities, and policy at any time  without notice.  While we have tried to provide an accurate and complete  description of each property, we cannot guarantee that it is completely accurate  as we are relying on information from the owner of the property and realize that  things may change in these private homes.  We apologize in advance for any  inaccuracies.  Sorry we cannot give refunds as each property is  individually owned and each owner has but one property to rent.   Please do not make a  reservation until you are certain of your plans.  Please note that this is  not a hotel with identical rooms,  but instead these are private homes, and  each owner has the right to add and subtract as they see fit.  In addition,  a private home is by definition variable and unique.  Please use our  website as a guide, but expect that each house will be furnished the way that  the private owner wishes.  We cannot be responsible if an owner removes a  house from rental, but we will try to find you a similar accommodation, or will  refund all money at your choice.  Amenities have no dollar value and are  offered free with the houses, if they become unavailable they cannot always be  duplicated in time for your reservation.
 
©®ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.  No part of this website may be used  for any  purpose, copied, shared, or given away.  All photographs, words, and ideas  are the property of Wild Coast Vacations LLC.  and the artist/ artists, and  may not be shared, copied,  used in full or in part, or in spirit.  1/1/2000, 5/1/2011, 3/1/12.
 
