Tweet
The Boston Duck Tours have been voted the best city tour in Boston by both locals and tourists. If you have been on a Boston Duck Tour before then you can see why. The fun begins on a World War II style amphibious landing vehicle where you are greeted by a fun and knowledgeable tour ConDUCKtor. The ConDUCKtor takes you on a narrated tour by all the highlights of Boston. This includes the State House to Bunker Hill, TD Banknorth Garden, Boston Common, Copley Square, the Big Dig, Government Center, Newbury Street, Quincy Market, the Prudential Tower, and more. Then the ConDUCKtor splashes your amphibious vehicle into the Charles River for an incredible view of the Boston and Cambridge skylines. Ready to book your tour? Here are some tips for finding Boston Duck Tours coupons and discounts on tickets.
Discounts & Boston Duck Tours Coupons
Get the Go Boston Card. With this card you save you 55% on admissions to over 59 attractions in the Boston area including the Boston Duck Tours. These are available as 1,2,3,5, or 7 day cards.  Check out the Go Boston Card here .
Hold onto your Boston Duck Tour ticket. There are tons of establishments that will offer you an additional discount if you show your ticket stub. Attractions include the Museum of Science, New England Aquarium, The Shops at Prudential Center, and more.
If you are in the military, show your military ID and get $3 off your Boston Duck Tours ticket.
If you are a student, show your student ID and you will also get an additional $3 off your Boston Duck Tours ticket.
Depart from the Museum of Science and get $5 off your Boston Duck Tour with purchase of ticket to the museum.
Check with local hotels in Boston for packages that include either free tour tickets or coupons for discount tickets. The Courtyard, Colonade, Hotel Marlowe, Boston Park Plaza, Sheraton, Fairmont, Omni Hotels, Hilton, Hampton Inn, Liberty Hotel, and Holiday Inn are just some of the hotels offering Boston Duck Tour packages.
Additional Boston Duck Tours Information
Duck boat tours operate from 3 pm to 8:30 pm daily. Tickets are $32 for adults, $27 for seniors, $22 for kids ages 3-11, and $10 for those under 3 years old. Group rates are also available for groups of 20 or more people. Discount is usually $6 per person.
4 Copley Place, Suite 4155
Boston, Massachusetts 02116
