 
DETAILS:
See Boston like never before, aboard the legendary Duck Tours.  Located just a few steps from the hotel on Huntington Avenue, the Ducks await to take you on a tour of the timeless city from the surrounding waters.  Let our staff assist you in making tour reservations, at least 24 hours prior to the desired time of your tour.  Book now and save big with this exclusive special offer.
Boutique or deluxe accommodations
Two tickets to the Boston Duck Tour
Copley Continental Breakfast for two
Free WiFi and nightly Wine Down Hour
Offer is based upon availability, blackout dates may apply and cannot be combined with any other promotions, discounts or negotiated rates.
 
 
DETAILS:
Wake up on the sunny side and greet the day with a warm smile.  Get a fresh, free start to your morning when you book this exclusive package and we'll treat you to a mouth-watering full American breakfast for two, plus a special discounted room rate.  Savor sun-filled happiness and save this season.
Special discounted room rate
Full American breakfast for two
Offer is based upon availability, blackout dates may apply and cannot be combined with any other promotions, discounts or negotiated rates.
 
 
DETAILS:
Calling all baseball fans! Book the Baseball in Beantown package and walk off with tickets to a home game in Fenway including the following:
Boutique, Deluxe or Premier Room
Baseball Tickets (choose # of tickets & seat location below)
Nightly Wine Down hour (5-6 p.m.)
Complimentary bottled water with nightly turndown service
Free WiFi
Welcome amenity
Choice of seating sections are located in the Centerfield Bleacher (within the first 20 rows), Right Field Box (within the first 20 rows), Loge (within Sections 107-157) and Field Box (within base lines and 15 rows from the field.
Ticket availability is guaranteed only for bookings made at least 72 hours prior to game day.
Offer is based upon availability, blackout dates may apply and cannot be combined with any other promotions, discounts or negotiated rates. Prepayment required and non-refundable.
 
 
DETAILS:
The longer you stay, the more you save when you book this exclusive offer! Enjoy up to 20% off and take in all the sights in the heart of Boston’s Back Bay.
Stay 2 nights and get 10% off
Stay 3 nights and get 15% off
Stay 4 nights and get 20% off
 
 
 
Offer is based upon availability, blackout dates may apply and cannot be combined with any other promotions, discounts or negotiated rates.
 
 
DETAILS:
Who says you have to travel far to escape?  Plan your getaway right in your own backyard and save even more this season.  Our STAYcation package invites you to please your palate with delectable dishes and curl up with a movie.
Deluxe accommodations for two (2)
VIP welcome amenity
$75 dining gift certificate at any restaurant of the Columbus Hospitality Group (restaurants include Mistral , Teatro , Sorellina & Mooo )
Free in-room movie
Offer is based upon availability, non-cancelable and non-refundable. Blackout dates may apply and cannot be combined with any other promotions, discounts or negotiated rates.
 
