Child Age:
Child Age:
View Schedule         Ticket Prices:   Ages 12 and Up $35.60 | Ages 3-11 $25.10 | Ages 0-2 $10.50   View Details
Details:
The Prudential Center tour lasts approximately 80 minutes.
The New England Aquarium tour lasts approximately 55 minutes.
Appropriate for All Ages
View Schedule
Did something come up? No worries!
Let us know any changes you'd like to make to your order and we can accommodate you for up to 2 days from the date of your first reservation.
If you need to cancel your order, 100% of your vacation's value can be applied to a future vacation for up to 12 months.
Options:
Boston Duck Tours Prudential Center/Museum of Science
The Prudential Center/Museum of Science Day Cruise will take you to locations such as Hancock Tower, Public Gardens, Boston Common, Kings Chapel, the Old State House and more. The tour departs from the Prudential Center and lasts approximately 80 minutes.
Bostom Duck Tours New England Aquarium
The New England Aquarium Evening Cruise lasts approximately 55 minutes and visits more than twenty locations in the Boston area, including the Holocaust Memorial, West End and the Charles River.
 This unique amphibious vehicle was created and used during WWII so that the military could get cargo from sea to land without the use of a dock. Aside from offering a ride in this historically important vehicle, this tour will guide you along some of America's most notable landmarks including Bunker Hill, sight of the famous Revolutionary War battle, and Boston Common, America's first public park.
There are two different tours provided by the Boston Duck Sightseeing Cruise. The first runs during the day and departs from the Prudential Center and the Museum of Science. This tour lasts approximately 80 minutes and drives by over 30 landmarks. The second tour option is the evening cruise which departs from the New England Aquarium and runs approximately 55 minutes in length. Over 20 sites are featured on this tour, and some are listed below.
A charismatic, costumed conDUCKtor will be your guide along these exciting tours of Boston as they offer fun facts, unique history, and lots of laughs. After touring the streets of the city, you'll splash down into sparkling Charles River for a cruise along the grassy banks to enjoy incredible views of the Boston and Cambridge skylines. This is your chance to enjoy a piece of Boston history in a fun fashion that has become a favorite attraction for the city's visitors.
Distance to Top Hotels (miles)
