Contact
Private Tours of Boston
Looking for a unique way to experience Boston and its rich history? A private guided walking tour by Ben Edwards will immerse you in the colonial life and lessons of Boston. Treat yourself to a historical journey with stories that bring colonial Boston to life as you literally retrace the footsteps of Benjamin Franklin, Paul Revere and John Hancock.
Why Choose This Tour? Tour Video
Boston’s Only Historic Tour…
…given by a children’s book author and Boston historian with family ties to the Sons of Liberty and Paul Revere.  Imagine yourself touring Boston with an actual relative of the legendary Paul Revere. Ben Edwards is a creative and engaging tour guide who offers private tours at a comfortable pace. His private tours for groups and families provide a personalized approach ensuring plenty of time for questions and the flexibility to stay longer at many of the sites.
Learn More About Ben Tour Testimonials
14 Historic Sites +
You’ll walk from Boston Common to the North End and see 14 historic sites plus several secret spots (many of which are never covered on other tours) while Ben Edwards shares photographs, engravings, maps and original colonial newspapers from his personal collection. With Walking Boston, you’ll experience one of the most fascinating, educational and fun tours ever.
Three Tour Options About the Tour Sites
Author, Blogger and Historian
Ben Edwards is the author of the children’s book One April in Boston and publisher of Teach History , a popular American history blog for educators. Ben’s knowledge, enthusiasm and humor make his tours interesting, informative and fun for all ages!  As a frequent classroom presenter Ben has a special rapport with children that creates treasured, lasting memories of your visit to Boston.
One April in Boston Teach History
Video: Walking Boston
Watch our video to learn how a private guided walking tour or school field trip by Ben Edwards is different from any other tour or educational program.  Since 2004, thousands of students, hundreds of families and groups of all kinds from across the country have toured Boston with Ben Edwards. For more information, please browse the website and be sure to read the numerous testimonials we’ve received over the years.
Innovative School Programs
Ben offers three field trip options and classroom visits. School programs sell out quickly each year, so reserve today!
Read More
Touch Authentic History
Unlike any other tour guide in Boston, Ben shares real colonial newspapers printed in revolutionary Boston during his tours.
Read More
Free Audio Products
Unique among all Boston tour operators, Ben`s private tours receive free audio products that support the tour.
