4. Ride on Codzilla
Pure, plain fun! The Codzilla boat looks just like a mad shark, but there's nothing to worry about here. It is a fast, thrilling ride however, so if you and your family missed the amusement park rides, this is your next best bet. Prices: Adults $19, Seniors $17 and Children $14. Surcharges may apply.
5. The Museum of Science
Kids love science. Located at Science Park in Boston, this museum is filled with hands-on activities for the entire family. Dinosaur exhibits, The Charles Hayden Planetarium, and hundreds of interactive exhibits make this one of the best places to spend at least one of your vacation days while in Boston. Admission: Adult $17.00, Child $14.00. Check their website for summer and winter hours, since they may change with the season.
6. Camp at Lovell's Island
If your family has never camped out on an island before, experience camping on either Bumpkin, Grape or Lovell Islands located within sight of Downtown Boston. Camping is available every day of the week from June 21st through September 1, 2008. Some typical camping restrictions such as no alcohol, pets, fireworks or amplified sound, apply. Reservations are required.
7. Jillian's Boston
Entertainment and dining go together here at Jillian's Boston, located at 145 Ipswich Street. This is a sports restaurant at night, but during the day families can enjoy the game room and eat a lunch of macaroni and cheese and buffalo chicken crisps. Your family can play darts and table tennis. Hours are Monday through Saturday, 11 a.m. - 2:00 p.m., and Sunday Noon- 2:00 p.m.
8. Boston Aquarium
Leafy Seadragons, African Penguin and Moon Jellies are just a few of the exotic aquatic life forms on display at the unique Boston Aquarium. The daily feeding shows entertain both children and adults. Plan your visit around a show so that you can see more of Boston. The Aquarium is conveniently located in Downtown Boston. Summer hours are from July 1st through Labor Day. Monday through Thursday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. and Friday and Saturday from 9 a.m. - 7 p.m. Labor Day Hours: from 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.
9. Whale Watching
The Boston Harbor Cruise is the best place to watch whales in their natural habitat. Located at One Long Wharf in the Downtown area, the yacht is very easy to find. Cruises are usually daily from either 10 a.m. or 10:30 a.m. Call ahead. Prices may change slightly and range from about $30 - $36 per person. The best price deal for a family of four is $100. Cruise times are 8:30 a.m. or 5:30 a.m.
10. Take a Boat instead of a Taxi
Here's an interesting way to get around Boston and the kids will enjoy the ride. Take an MBTA commuter to avoid the traffic on the land. These catamaran's get your family around from point A to point B in good time. One way fares range from $1.70 to $12.00. Purchase online or at one of their sales locations listed on their website.
11. The Mapparium
Located at 200 Massachusetts Avenue, The Mapparium houses a large stained glass globe-- a map of the entire world in early times. Visitors stroll through the middle of globe on a walkway. Pre-teens and teenagers will enjoy this the most. Exhibits are Tuesday through Sunday from 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. Admission: $6 and under per person.
12. Swan Boats
Taking a leisurely swan boat ride is an inexpensive way to see nature in about 15 minutes as well as to be able to say that you have "been on the water." Fees range from $1.50 to $2.75. Located in the Boston Public Garden, Swan rides take place 7 days a week in nice weather conditions. Hours of Operation: Spring through Labor Day, 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.
13. Franklin Park Zoo
The Franklin Park Zoo is located at One Franklin Park Road in Dorchester and is just a stone's throw from inner city Boston. The children will enjoy seeing the new Wattled Crane Exhibit. Summer hours are 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. weekdays, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. weekends and major holidays. General Admission is from $7.00 to $12.00 per person. View their website for special deals.
14. Stone Zoo
Stone Zoo at 149 Pond Street in Stoneham and is about 7 minutes away from the Franklin Park Zoo. The children will enjoy the Lord of the Wings: Birds of Prey show. General Admission is from Free for children under 2, others $6.00 - 9.00 per person. Summer hours are 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. weekdays, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. weekends and major holidays.
