Rowes Wharf on the Boston Waterfront
Boston Landmarks and Sites by Neighborhood
Learn about the best things to do in Boston and where to find fun for the whole family as you experience Boston with Boston CityWalks! Downtown Boston: On our historical guided walking tour from downtown Boston to the Back Bay, your tour guide will tell you all there is to know about Boston's historic landmarks. On this Boston walking tour, you will follow in Paul Revere's footsteps and travel the Freedom Trail, a historic tour route  that includes many Revolutionary War Era Sites and other Historic Locations . You'll see  Fanueil Hall, the Old State House, the Boston Massacre Site, Old South Meeting House, Old City Hall, King's Chapel, Old Granary Cemetery, Boston Common and the New State House. The architecture includes well-known sites from the 18th, 19th and 20th centuries.
Back Bay: On our narrated walking tours of Historic Boston, MA, we'll take you through Boston's Back Bay, home of some of the beautiful 19th century architecture New England is known for. We'll visit the Boston Public Garden and the Swan Boats, Copley Square, and the  bar used in the hit television series, Cheers.  Find all the best-kept secrets of Boston shopping and get tips on where to find the most delicious old-fashioned ice-cream on Newbury Street . On walking tours of Boston's Back Bay with Boston CityWalks you'll learn about the Prudential Center, Copley Place Mall, Trinity Church, the Boston Public Library, and the Boston Marathon Finish Line.
Historic Beacon Hill: View the quintessential architecture that has come to symbolize Boston, Massachusetts on a sightseeing tour through some of the city's most famous landmarks. Boston walking tours for history enthusiasts and anyone with an interest in Boston, our tours offer a great chance for picturesque photo opportunities of the area, as Boston by foot enables up close and personal views of historic sites and monuments from  Louisburg Square, Charles Street, cobblestoned Acorn Street and the  Robert Gould Shaw Memorial to gas lamps and the gold-domed Massachusetts State House.
Boston's North End: Tour Boston's Little Italy , which  boasts a great assortment of Italian Restaurants and that "aura" of Europe, offering some of the world's best cannoli and authentic Italian bakeries. Leave Quincy Market to find fun for the whole family in one of the most delicious neighborhoods of Boston. A Boston walking tour that crosses over the Big Dig and offers one-of-a-kind views of Paul Revere's House is not to be missed! Our guided tours will show you the Old North Church, the North End and Downtown Boston Waterfronts, Long Wharf, the Holocaust Memorial, and the Blackstone Block.
Harvard Square: Take a walking tour of Cambridge, MA, home to renowned Harvard University and Harvard Yard. With Boston CityWalks you'll start off in Boston Common before crossing the Charles River via the T (Boston Subway) over to Cambridge. Th e Boston CityWalks Evening Excursion is a Cambridge tour that  will take you to Radcliffe College and Radcliffe Yard, Christ's Church, the Olde Burial Place, Cambridge Common, the Longfellow House, The Coop, and so much more. T our Harvard Square with an experienced Boston tour guide, where you'll see street musicians and chess players as you learn about the neighborhood they call home.
copyright 2007, boston city walks, all rights reserved
For private tour information, call us at 866-WE-WALKS (866-939-2557)
