Sunset Cruise – Night Cruise
Description: After a busy day sightseeing or working, what could be nicer than relaxing onboard one of Boston's finest boats for a cruise on the harbor? Watch the sun setting below the horizon as you glide by the skyscrapers of the downtown. And you can't miss the booming cannons of the U.S.S. Constitution, America's oldest commissioned sailing ship!
Whale Watching Cruise – Wildlife
Description: Looking for a whale watch that requires less travel time, offers the most comfortable ride available and gives you more time viewing some of the world's most fascinating and magnificent creatures? Look no further! Book here for Boston's only 3-Hour Whale Watch Cruise.
Cambridge Lexington and Concord – Sightseeing
Description: Are you a history buff? Come and explore the Battle Trail. Visit Harvard Yard and stand on Lexington Green, where Captain Jonathan Parker and 77 Minutemen stood their ground against 700 of England's finest regulars. In Concord, discover the Old North Bridge where "...the embattled farmers stood and fired the shot heard 'round the world." A trip not to be missed!
The Total Experience – Day Tour
Description: The best of old and new Boston have been combined with a journey into the historic countryside towns of Cambridge, Lexington and Concord. Highlights include a visit to the famous Quincy Market, as well as exploring 371 years of history, tradition and Yankee ingenuity of the Beacon Hill townhouses.
Plimoth Plantation – Sightseeing
Description: Step back in time! Explore another world in another time by venturing south to historic Plimoth Plantation where you will become part of the Pilgrim's 17th century world. In this living museum, accompany Pilgrims as they go about their daily tasks. Find out what is was like to come to this foreign place and build their future. End your tour with a visit to Plymouth Rock, Mayflower II or climb Cole's Hill.
Salem The Witch City – Sightseeing
Description: Travel north from Boston to historic Marblehead, the birthplace of the American Navy. Visit Abbott Hall to see the original painting, "The Spirit of 76" then step back in time to 1692 to discover the Salem Witch Museum. End your day as you travel down Derby Street past Nathaniel Hawthorne's Custom House & the House of the Seven Gables.
Beacon Hill Masterpieces – Sightseeing
Description: Discover the grandeur of 'Old Boston' along Beacon Hill's picturesque streets on this wonderful tour. You can admire the historic architecture, the quaint, tree-lined streets and the village atmosphere in this elegant neighborhood. Book now to experience a step back in time you'll never forget!
Footsteps to Freedom – Sightseeing
Description: For a tour with a difference - look no further. Boston is a wonderful, picturesque city and what better way to retain those memories than with spectacular photographs? On this tour, you'll uncover the scenic treasures of the Freedom Trail, and also learn the secrets to taking great photos. See King's Chapel, Paul Revere house and may more sights on this historic and fascinating tour.
Ghosts and Gravestones Boston – Night Tour
Description: Who was the Boston Strangler? How much does a ghostly spirit weigh? And why did Edgar Allan Poe have such a dark side? You will find out on this "frightseeing" tour - a thrilling peek into Boston's hidden history. This trolley tour will make your spine tingle one minute and have you laughing out loud the next.
Lighthouse Cruise – Sightseeing Cruise
Description: Thoughts of the New England coastline conjure up visions of rocky outcrops, sandy beaches, and the classic lighthouses which once kept sailors from navigating too close to shore. These lighthouses have become a great part of New England's heritage, and now you can discover them on this historic cruise.
Cape Cod Fast Ferry – Ferry Service
Description: This summer, make the trip between Boston and Provincetown in speed and style. Forget about Cape Cod traffic and parking hassles. BHC, Boston's oldest and largest ferry operator, offers the only 90-minute luxury fast ferry from Beantown to Provincetown. So convenient - landing in the heart of Provincetown and downtown Boston, at the foot of Faneuil Hall.
Autumn on Old Cape Cod – Day Tour
Description: Autumn is a special time on old Cape Cod. Summer's warmth still lingers, yet the multicolored splendor of New England's foliage offers a superb accent to the already beautiful vistas of the magical land south of Boston. Come along and explore the Sandwich Glass Museum, Dexter Grist Mill and then take a sightseeing cruise before visiting a memorial to President John F. Kennedy in Hyannisport. So much to see in one day!
Fall Foliage Spectacular – Day Tour
Description: Experience the gently rolling New England countryside, awash with the colors of Indian Summer. Spend the morning traveling past quiet ponds and ancient farms, weathered roadside taverns and sturdy colonial churches. Build up an appetite for a hot Yankee style lunch before spending an afternoon admiring the foliage display. To top off the day, you will stop at a native orchard for delicious apples and cider on your way home.
Cape Cod Excursion – Day Tour
Description: Soak up the beauty of Cape Cod! In Hyannisport, visit a memorial to President John F. Kennedy, and join a lectured sightseeing harbor cruise which offers the best possible view of the Kennedy Compound. A trip to Cape Cod isn't complete without travelling through the areas quaint seaside villages for shopping and sightseeing. A day not to be missed!
New England Seacoast – Day Tour
Description: A trip to Boston isn't complete without discovering the North Shore of Boston. Explore Hampton Beach, New Hampshire before soaking up the beauty of the Maine coast. View former President Bush's summer home from Walker Point before returning to Kennebunkport for some shopping and lunch amongst the many quaint shops and eateries in the village.
Fabulous Newport – Day Tour
Description: The Gilded Age. Yachts. Mansions. Millionaires. Tour Mrs. Vanderbilt's 1892 summer home, built with 500,000 cubic feet of white marble! Captivate Newport's beautifully restored waterfront as you discover the glamorous private yachts and Newport's fishing fleet and ships from around the world. Enjoy ten-mile Ocean Drive with spectacular views of mansions and secluded coves before returning to Boston.
Sightseeing:
