submit
Boston Duck Tours Description
"Repeat after me, 'Quackibis, quackibis,'" says a guide who calls himself Dr. Quacker. "That's Latin for 'Quack, quack.'" So begins one of the most fun tours Boston has to offer—a ride around the historic sites and into the Charles River in a "duck," a WWI amphibious vehicle that can drive at highway speeds and also swim in the water. If you get a good guide, the tour's not only interesting, it's also very funny. You'll learn bogus history like that pews in churches got their name from the Puritan habit of eating baked beans and then being stuck in church for six hours of worship. Though it's a bit long for toddlers (who may fall asleep on your lap), the Duck Tour is so popular because it's enjoyable for the whole family.
Boat Tour
Kid Tips
Babies: They've been known to sleep on the Duck tours, but if your baby fusses, you're stuck for 80 minutes.
Toddlers & Pre-K: The driver will actually let your kids drive the boat once the duck is in the water. A highlight of any preschooler's young life.
School-Age Kids: School-aged kids will appreciate the history and humor on this narrated tour, especially if you get a lively guide.
Pre-Teens & Teens: A ride in a WWI amphibious vehicle that splashes into the Charles River is cool for every age.
Planning Notes
Start here. Pick up is at the Prudential Center (near Shaw's) and the Museum of Science.M
Arrive early. You need to get to your tour at least 20 minutes early so you can get a good seat on the duck and so your family can sit together.
Buy online. Chances are the tour you want will be sold out if you wait to get same-day tickets. Instead of facing those groans of disappointment, be smart and buy your tickets online: http://www.bostonducktours.com/tickets_purchase.html
Wear layers. Wear layers, bring a sunhat and a light jacket, and expect the weather to change without warning.
Just the Facts
Hours: Tours run from the spring to the fall, but not in winter (all DUCKS are heated, however). Tours depart rain or shine, 7 days a week, typically beginning at 9 a.m. and running until an hour before sunset. Tours leave every 30 or 60 minutes, depending upon the season. Check the website for full details.
Fees: $20-$30
