Back
Conditions:  The terms of the following discounts are effective     September 1, 2011, through August 31, 2012, unless otherwise noted.
These discounts DO NOT apply to groups. This directory was developed     for MTA members by MTAB for your personal use. The locations listed within     this directory are proud to participate and appreciate the opportunity     to make savings available to you. Member participation is voluntary.
Just show your 2011-12 MTA member card at time of the purchase to receive     the MTA member savings (unless otherwise noted). Discounts apply only     at the time of purchase and are not valid and cannot be combined with     any other offers, discounts or coupons. Discounts are per card unless     otherwise specified and cannot be redeemed for cash. Reserved seats by     mail and other mail orders require a photocopy or facsimile of your member     card. Discounts apply to website purchases where expressly stated. Members     must be current with their dues in order to receive these savings. For     questions regarding your membership status only, call the MTA Membership     Division at 617.878.8118. If you need a new member card, contact the MTA     Affiliate Service Division at 617.878.8000, ext. 8102.
For locations that include an adult family member discount, the adult     family member price is per person and applies to an immediate family member     when accompanied by a card-carrying MTA member at the time of purchase.     Children’s rates vary.
Discounts and partnerships are subject to change at any time. It     is recommended you call ahead for information regarding times, program     changes, hours of operation, conditions and restrictions. This information     is not always available from MTA or MTAB. When MTAB is advised of a change     it is published under “ Discount Directory Updates .”
Quotes from MTA members throughout this Directory reflect their individual     experiences with MTAB products and services. MTAB encourages all consumers     to judge for themselves the most appropriate product to suit their needs.
MTA and MTA Benefits, Inc. make no warranties, expressed or implied, including     the warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose,     regarding any products or services listed in this directory.
No member dues are ever used to market
or administer MTA Benefits' programs.
800.336.0990
