The current issue is also available in PDF.
Copyright © STC Boston 2002
It's a Car, It's a Boat, It's a Duck?
International STC Board of Directors Gathers in Boston
By Ilana Sztaimberg
On September 25, the International Board of Directors of the STC took a break from their meetings for a night out on the town. They gathered in Boston, the birthplace of freedom and a city of firsts (including the first STC chapter), for Fun, Facts, and Food hosted by the STC-Boston Council.
The STC Board, Boston Council, and guests began the evening with a Boston Duck Tour. Ducks are restored 2.5-ton, six-wheel amphibious trucks that were used during World War II to carry supplies from large boats to land. Like live ducks, they have the ability to move easily over both land and water. The name Duck comes from an acronym created by the code letters the military used for its vehicles: DUKW.
 
View of Boston from the Duck
 
Photo by Ilana Sztaimberg
 
Led by ConDUCKtors Major Groovy and The Great Garabaldi, the STC crew traveled through Boston's cobblestone streets and paved roads before splashing down into the Charles River. Major Groovy helped the STCers "feel the love." I think Jonathon Baker may have captured the true sprit of Groovy when he commented: "Captain Groovy was way cool." The Great Garabaldi quizzed the "wicked smart" STC passengers on Boston trivia. Garabaldi pointed out numerous facts about the cities of Boston, Cambridge, and Charlestown ranging from where the battle of Bunker Hill really took place (Breeds Hill), to where Matt Damon was filmed during Good Will Hunting (Bunker Hill Community College).
 
The prized "I drove a duck" sticker
 
Photo by Ilana Sztaimberg
The STCers got into the spirit of the Ducks by "quacking" at pedestrians. Some STC folks even had the opportunity to steer the Ducks through the Charles, earning an "I Drove a Duck" sticker. The Board enjoyed hearing about all of Boston's famous firsts and even the Bostonians learned something new. A native son of Massachusetts, Bill Stolgitis, Executive Director and Counsel of the STC said, "I was delighted to learn so much about Boston that I didn't know."
After filling their heads with 80 minutes worth of Boston facts and fun, the group was ready to fill up on food! So, they headed over to Legal Sea Foods in the Prudential Center. Some members of the board questioned the origins of the name Legal Sea Foods. "Legal's name comes from the original Legal Cash Market, so called because it distributed Legal trading stamps with grocery purchases." (Source: http://www.legalseafoods.com/what/fun.htm ). However, no one questioned the restaurant's slogan, which claims, "If it isn't fresh, it isn't Legal." The Council feasted on a variety of fresh fish including an old-fashioned New England Clambake.
 
Enjoying dinner at Legal Seafoods
 
Photo by Ilana Sztaimberg
 
The event was a success with both native Bostonians and out-of-town guests experiencing the best of Boston. The night gave the International Board a chance to learn a bit about Boston and gave the Council a chance to learn about who the Board is and what they do to help support the chapters. All agreed with Bill Stolgitis: "All in all, the board had a wonderful time, a great tour, fine food, and wonderful company."
