Post a comment
In Philadelphia, 'Ride The Ducks' duck boat tours are a fun way to soak up the sights and relax the day away. Today, however, a carefree ride on one of these duck boats may have cost two people their lives. A frightening collision with a barge being pulled by a tug boat sent the duck boat to the bottom of the Delaware River, and 37 people went into the water. Officials are still searching for two missing duck boat passengers Wednesday evening, after 35 of the 37 on board were recovered alive almost immediately. It has now been several hours since the missing passengers entered the water.
Two Missing in Philly 'Duck Boats' Accident
Just before 3 p.m. EST, an 800 foot barge that was in-tow on a tug boat struck the small 'Ride The Ducks' duck boat, which had 37 passengers and crew on board. The impact of the unmanned barge sunk the duck boat, sending all on board into the waters of the Delaware River. Up to nine people reportedly suffered minor injuries. A 16 year-old girl and a 20 year-old man are still reportedly unaccounted for at this time.
The duck boat was stalled in the water due to a small fire, and was waiting for help when it was struck by the city-owned, sludge-carrying barge being tugged by a K-Sea Transportation tug. K-Sea Transportation has pledged full cooperation in the ongoing investigation into this accident, according to the New York Times . The 'Ride The Ducks' duck boats tour company has posted a message on their web site announcing a temporary suspension of their duck boat tours in Philadelphia.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with our Philadelphia tour guests, crew members and their families," read the 'Ride The Ducks' statement . "We are attending to their needs first. In the interim, we have suspended our operation in Philadelphia."
Source:
Ride The Ducks duck tours web site
New York Times article "Barge Strikes Tourist Boat..." 7/7/2010
Published by Jennifer Waite
Jennifer Waite is a freelance writer and photo-journalist; she covers local news for Tucson, national news, celebrity and music news, and more.  Jennifer Waite is also the Tucson Rock Music Examiner on Exami...   View profile
