Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Wed, Jun 27, 2012, 12:59 PM EDT - U.S. Markets close in 3 hrs 1 mins
Experience the Best of Boston With Hotels Near Boston Duck Tours
Courtyard Boston Copley Square's "Boston by Land and Sea" Package Is Perfect for Your Summer Getaway
Press Release: Marriott International –  Wed, Jun 29, 2011 1:11 PM EDT
BOSTON, MA--(Marketwire - 06/29/11) - The Courtyard by Marriott in Boston's Copley Square, a popular choice for accommodations among the Back Bay Boston hotels , is offering travelers to Boston the perfect opportunity to experience the Boston Duck Tours. As an official hotel partner of the exciting, entertaining and educational Boston Duck Tours, guests who choose to stay at the hotel will be able to take advantage of the hotel's "Boston by Land and Sea" overnight getaway package.The "Boston by Land and Sea" package is one of this Boston hotel's specials , which is designed to put travelers just steps away from one of the best ways to experience Boston! Guests who book with this exciting package will enjoy a fun historic tour of Boston. The Boston Duck Tour Special will offer guests two tickets for Boston's duck tour where they will embark on a journey through the city in a renovated World War II amphibious landing vehicle. During this trip, the ConDUCKtor will narrate some fascinating stories about the city and history as the vehicle takes its passengers among Boston's most historic sites.From the Boston Common and Copley Square to the Big Dig and Newbury Street, the tour will highlight the best of America's Greatest City. But the tour won't just stop there as the vehicle will take a big splash and cruise in the "muddy water" of the Charles River, where all will have a view of the glorious skyline of Boston and Cambridge. In addition to this the package also offers guests overnight accommodations in one of the best hotels in Back Bay Boston , $79 over rack as well as a breakfast buffet for two. Be sure to use the promotional code ZZLO when booking on weekends and ZZLR during the weekdays.Offering impeccable service and stylish guest rooms, the Courtyard by Marriott in Boston's Copley Square is a premier hotel among the hotels near Boston Duck Tours . This elegant hotel boasts some great on-site hotel amenities, which include a fitness room and cafe. The Courtyard by Marriott in Boston's Copley Square will also put guests right in the heart of the city which will provide quick access to all of the city's top attractions. Staying at this hotel means that guests will be close to attractions such as the Museum of Fine Arts, Fenway Park, Copley Place Shops among other great attractions. There are also great activities near the hotel, including sailing and spa services for guests to enjoy.About the Courtyard Boston Copley Square
Set in a beautifully refurbished 1800s apartment building the Courtyard Boston Copley Square is a unique hotel among the Boston Duck Tours hotels . Offering spacious accommodations to all travelers, the sophisticated hotel's well-appointed guest rooms will provide travelers with the perfect place to stay on their trip to Boston. The Courtyard offers complimentary high-speed Internet to all guests and the 24-hour Market Café and the Courtyard Café offer guests' convenient on-site dining options to meet all needs.Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=1659734
Contact:
