Prudential Skywalk Observatory
Take a visual "tour" of Boston from the top of Prudential Tower, second highest building in the city where you'll find panoramic views.  Go up to the Skywalk Observatory . . . or take the elevator two stories higher and enjoy the same view for only the cost of a drink.  Included with the GoBoston and Boston CityPASS discount cards.
 
Boston Chocolate  Tours
Find all the best places to sample chocolate while walking around interesting city neighborhoods    with knowledgeable guides.  Tours offered for Beacon Hill, Back Bay, North End/Faneuil Marketplace, the South End, and Harvard Square, plus a special evening chocolate and wine tour.  Half-price tickets are sometimes available for these tours - be sure to check Goldstar Events for half-price tickets.
Find out about Dining in the Dark, created by the originator of Boston Chocolate Tours
Freedom Trail Tours
The most famous of all Boston tours is the Freedom Trail - a 2.5 mile walk through history.  Do a free self-guided walking tour along the red line marking its course, or join one of the many professionally-led tour, perhaps with a guide wearing Colonial attireas you visit sites central to American liberty while also seeing the best Boston attractions along the way.
More about Freedom Trail Tours
Fenway Park Tour
See the famous ball park up close.  Walk across the field, smell the grass, and enjoy behind-the-scenes views of the Green Monster, the Hall of Fame,  Pesky's pole, the press box - you'll be in the same spot where the Boston Red Sox make baseball history.  Included with the GoBoston discount card.
Of course, going to a game is even better - check the Boston Red Sox schedule.
More about Fenway Park Tours
Boston Bike Tours
Touring Boston by bike is one of the most popular ways to see the city.  Find out about guide-led Boston bike tours as well as on-your own routes, plus where to find bike rentals and bicycle maps showing local trails.  Get ready for sightseeing, fun, and exercise!
More about Boston Bike Tours
Garden Tours of Boston's Secret Gardens
Tall brick walls hide many of the city's most beautiful gardens, and others are tucked away in places you might never find on your own.  In these special once-a-year self-guided garden tours and open gardens in Beacon Hill, the Victory Gardens in Fenway, the South End, and Cambridge, you get to explore these private paradises in lovely historical neighborhoods.  Bring a camera!
More about Boston and Cambridge Garden Tours
Boston Historical Tours - See Where History was Made!
With so many historical sites throughout the city and nearby areas, these specialized Boston tours give you a fascinating glimpse into other times and lives.  And each spring, Patriots Day reenactments let you relive Paul Revere's ride and the opening shots of the American Revolution.  Check out the Patriots Day event schedule
Return to Top - Boston Tours
Boston Sightseeing Tours
What are the best Boston sightseeing tours?  Find recommendations for the best in every category, plus tips for best options if you have only 1 day in the city, 3 days, or a week.  Find out what other Boston visitors like best - and add your own recommendations!
Memorial Day Weekend Itinerary - Fenway Park, Garden of Flags, Waterfront
Boston Walking Tours
Although the Freedom Trail is the most famous, you'll find plenty of other walking tours focused on historical sites, fascinating city neighborhoods, and even specialty topics like food and photography.  Great to combine Boston sightseeing with exercise!
 
Black Heritage Trail
The self-guided 1.5 mile Black Heritage Trail passes by Beacon Hill sites that played important roles in the lives of free blacks during the 19th century. 
Visit Underground Railroad stations, homes of prominent citizens, and the first integrated public school in Boston.
