Home > Tours > Public Tours > Walk Into History Public Tours
Walk Into History Public Tours
Ticket Price: From $6.00 to $12.00
A Walk Into History public walking tour is a great way to experience the Freedom Trail. Led by an 18th Century Costumed Guide, the 90-minute tour mixes humor, history and fun. Be transported back in time to the days of the American Revolution and have a hands-on revolutionary experience.
Tours departing from the Boston Common Visitor Information Center end at Faneuil Hall. The tours departing from Faneuil Hall end at Boston Common. The North End tour from Faneuil Hall covers the Boston Harbor and the North End, including the Paul Revere House, Old North Church and Copps Hill Burying Ground, and end at Old North Church. Our new Pirates & Patriots begins at the Arts Boston booth at Faneuil Hall, and will proceed down Long Wharf and trace the expansion or “wharfing out” of Boston’s waterfront, visiting buildings from the 18th and 19th Centuries as the Freedom Trail Players recount great events that occurred on Boston’s shores.
Extend your stay on the Freedom Trail and visit the sites. Walk Into History tours do not include entrance to Freedom Trail sites which have admission fees (Old South Meeting House, Old State House and Paul Revere House, where you can buy tickets at the door).
Walk Into History tour tickets are valid for ANY Walk Into History, Reverse Walk Into History, North End, and Pirates & Patriots tours from Boston Common or Faneuil Hall, so there is no need to specify a date/time. With your ticket, you are guaranteed a spot on one of  Freedom Trail Foundation tours. If your desired date comes up as "SOLD OUT," simply select the next date. Your ticket will be accepted regardless.
Tour Times
Boston Common to Faneuil Hall
Departs: Visitor Information Center, Boston Common
11 A.M., 12 noon, 1 P.M.
2:00 P.M. begins April 1
3:00 P.M. and 4:00 P.M. begin May 1
Reverse Walk Into History Tour
Faneuil Hall to Boston Common
Departs, ArtsBoston/BosTix Booth, Faneuil Hall (South Side, between Faneuil Hall and Abercrombie & Fitch)
10:30 A.M. begins April 1
12:30 P.M. & 3:30 P.M. begin May 1
North End Tour
Faneuil Hall to North End/Waterfront
Departs, ArtsBoston/BosTix Booth, Faneuil Hall (South Side, between Faneuil Hall and Abercrombie & Fitch)
1:30 P.M. begins April 1.
2:30 P.M. begins May 1
Pirates & Patriots Tour
Faneuil Hall to Tea Party Museum
Departs, BosTix Booth, Faneuil Hall(South Side, between Faneuil Hall and Abercrombie & Fitch)
11:30 A.M. begins May 1
A portion of all ticket sales goes to the Freedom Trail Foundation Preservation fund for preservation of the Freedom Trail.
The Freedom Trail Foundation
