Boston's Best Value Just Got Better!
2-Day Trolley for The Price of 1 PLUS   a Super Duck Harbor Splash
AND   4 FREE Bonus Tours Your Choice — All for 1 Low Price!
None of our competitors are even close!
Get Tickets Now!>>
FREE SPLASH!!!
While other tours offer a harbor cruise, only we give you a FREE Super Duck Harbor Splash with all 2-day trolley tickets! PLUS get your choice of 4 FREE TOURS!
buy tickets
Upper Deck Trolley
Hop On Hop Off Over 2 Days For The Price of 1 PLUS Our Super Duck Harbor Splash AND 4 FREE Bonus Tours Your Choice! Ride our award-winning 2½ hour narrated tour of historic Boston and Cambridge in total comfort featuring 21 Boston sightseeing attractions. Our custom trolleys feature elevated seating so you can see over traffic — you won't miss a beat.
trolleys
Super Duck Tours
Super Duck Tours is the only amphibious tour of Boston to include a ride in Boston Harbor. Breathtaking views of the Boston skyline complement your guide's rich historical narrative. This is a unique experience that no other Duck tour company can offer — join us!
What people are saying about Boston Super Tours
“The tour was superb.
– Ralph M.
Upper Deck Trolley Tour with Cambridge Loop & Harbor Splash
Hop On Hop Off Over 2 Days for The Price of 1 PLUS Our Super Duck Harbor Splash AND 4 FREE Bonus Tours Your Choice!
See Boston and Cambridge in our heated high riding trolleys! Visit over 21 destinations and see 400 years of American history! Includes a one of a kind special visit to Cambridge & Harvard Square!
1 Day Upper Deck Trolley Tour
Only Have 1 Day in Boston? Take Our No Frills 1 Day Tour!
Get the 1 day version of our popular Boston tour with this no frills ticket. No time for a Super Duck Harbor Splash and other bonus tours? Ride our climate controlled high riding trolley and see Boston in style and comfort.
Get our 2-day tour if you want a second day and great FREE extras.
see all tours
Try Our Splash Adventure, Boston’s Newest Water Tour!
FREE with 2-day trolleys! Ride Boston's premiere trolley with the best views in town and transfer at our convenient Oasis for a 45 minute ride in Boston Harbor. We're the ONLY tour in Boston to offer a duck tour of the Harbor! Rejoin your trolley tour at your convenience and see Boston as only Super Tours can show it to you.
buy tickets!
Hop On Hop Off Boston's Most Comfortable Trolleys Over 2 Days for The Price of 1 PLUS Get a FREE Super Duck Harbor Splash AND 4 FREE Bonus Tours Your Choice!Boston's Newest Water Tour – Buy a Trolley Tour Add a Spectacular Harbor Duck Splash **Free!** Super Duck – Boston's Only Land and Sea Tour – Splash into Boston Harbor!4 Free Bonus Tours – Boston's Best ValueBoston's Most Comprehensive Tour Route – Includes Harvard SquareSit High Above Traffic on Boston's Premiere TrolleysNobody Gives You More Value than Super Tours!
Join Super Tours Online!
