Have experience with this business? Write a Review.
★★★★☆ Good hotel in town
Jamie O. 4 Boston Duck Tours
It is the good hotel in the town, here the rooms are so comfortable and the staff is polite and helpful.
November 30, 2010
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★☆ Great for locals with your out-of-towners
SouthEnder Z. |
Insider Expert | Rank: 4,462 4 Boston Duck Tours
To Boston residents the duck boats and their quack-quacking have become part of the backdrop of the city. And it's probably the rare Bostonian who takes the tour on her own. But a duck tour is the perfect thing to do when friends are coming in from out of town who have not been to Boston before.
The guides do a great job of sharing details on interesting facts about the city (the nation's first elevator, a molasses flood, the disappearance of the West End). And riding on the river is a great perspective of the city, especially on a hot summer's day.
February 06, 2008
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★★ Should try it!
Online R. |
Insider Expert | Rank: 3,607 5 Boston Duck Tours
If you guys have chance to visit boston, you should try this service. Very nice indeed. You will learn a lot of things about Boston and the history. The driver is also very nice and funny. The only thing that you have to keep in mind is that you have to make a reservation before you come.
September 06, 2005
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★☆ Boston Duck Tours
Deana C. |
Insider Guru | Rank: 2,118 4 Boston Duck Tours
We recently went on the tours with our friends and found it very interesting. We even learned more about the Historic Hotel we were staying at from the driver as we passed by on the tour. The Omni Parker House which is the home of the Boston Creme Pie and the longest operating hotel in the USA. Fun trip and recomend taking the time to learn more history on the tour.
July 29, 2005
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★★ They let you drive!
Tyler B. |
Insider | Rank: 16,623 5 Boston Duck Tours
If you come to Boston, move here or live here already and haven't taken a duck tour you really need to.  It's totally awesome and fun and very cheesey.  I took one on my birthday and greatly enjoyed it.  Plus, when you go out into the middle of the Charles they let anyone who wants to drive!  Awesome!
July 07, 2005
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★☆☆ There Are Other Ways to See the City
Lindsay J. |
Insider | Rank: 18,115 3 Boston Duck Tours
The Duck Tours, while they seem fun and interesting, are not worth the money unless walking around the city doesn't really work (handicapped, etc). If you are looking for historical information it can be a quick way to do it but actually walking around the city is so much more personal and exciting. I also think that there is more to Boston than the tours cover and a trip to the North End or the Commons might show you more about the culture of Boston. Ultimately, you won't regret the Duck Tours and it can be fun for kids but I think there are just even better ways to see the city.
June 02, 2005
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★☆ Fun and interesting tour
Carleen K. |
Insider Guru | Rank: 1,883 4 Boston Duck Tours
The tour was recommended to me by a friend and it was definitely worth the $25.  Make sure to reserve your ticket in advance because they sell out all the time.  The website only allows you to reserve a maximum of five days in advance.  You get to ride in a vehicle that turns into a boat, getting a tour of Boston as well as funny little facts.  Our tourguide was funny and energetic.  Recommended even for the natives.
June 01, 2005
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★☆ Worth the money
Kirsten J. |
Insider | Rank: 17,904 4 Boston Duck Tours
I decided that after 3 years of my being asked to go, that I'd get duck tour tickets for father's day. I figured I'd just fall asleep and let my dad have fun, but I genuinely enjoyed it! We had a great driver who kept us laughing the whole time.
May 25, 2005
Was this review helpful to you?
Latest reviews from Citysearch .
★★★★★ Quack Quack Great Time by All
by Kathy A at Citysearch 5 Boston Duck Tours
September 08, 2009
I would highly recommed these duck tours to locals and tourists alike.  Our tour guide was great.  Funny funny funny man.  Everyone was super relaxed and enjoyed themselves.  Great crowds and boy, was it crowded.  I bought a quacker and could not help myself.  I blew on that thing like the rest of our crowd the entire ride.  My cheecks hurt when we were done we had so much fun.
Pros: Fun
★★☆☆☆ Fun ride, but not a tour
by Frances821 at Citysearch 2 Boston Duck Tours
June 08, 2009
I was expecting a tour.  I got a ride.  Don't get me wrong, it was enjoyable, but if you are looking for the history and sights of Boston, this is not for you.  If you are looking for a ride around town and boat tour with a guy cracking jokes.   This is for you.
Pros: the river ride
Cons: It's not a tour
★★★★☆ Great land/water tour of Boston
by hardinghouseinncambrdge at Citysearch 4 Boston Duck Tours
January 21, 2009
If you can?t decide between a water or land tour of Beantown, Boston?s World Famous Duck Tour is for you. The unique tours are conducted in World War II amphibious landing vehicles called ?ducks.? They are like boats with wheels that have funny names like Back Bay Bertha, Fenway Fannie and Tub of the Hub. The tour narrators, called ConDUCKtors, are hilarious. Guide Major Tom Foolery wears Superman pajamas while he drives; Cmdr. James Bernard Swampscott sets the ground rules by stating ?no smoking and no ballroom dancing? on board; and all drivers encourage passengers to quack at pedestrians during the ride. But the guides are even more knowledgeable than they are funny, continually delivering interesting facts about Boston?s history. The 80-minute tour hits all of Boston?s hotspots: the golden-domed State House; Bunker Hill; Boston Common; Copley Square; the Big Dig; Government Center; trendy Newbury Street; Quincy Market; Prudential Tower and more. Then comes the highlight as the duck drives straight into the Charles River for beautiful seaside views of Cambridge and Boston. The ConDUCKtors even let passengers steer the boat while it?s in the water. For a site-seeing trip you?ll never forget that will make you laugh while teaching you about the city, the Duck tour does not disappoint.
★★★★★ Fantastic.
by wewillsee at Citysearch 5 Boston Duck Tours
August 06, 2008
This was a real highlight of the trip.  The best tour I've ever taken.  I know its kinda silly, but it was truly a lot of fun and getting to see the city from the water and from land really gives you a full picture.  They guides are fun and informative.  I knew this city had a lot of history, but I learned all kinds of new things and in an fun interesting way.
Quack!
★★★★★ Fun for natives and tourists alike
by jenheidir at Citysearch 5 Boston Duck Tours
July 03, 2008
For tourists, this voyage by land and sea in converted, multi-terrain WWI-era vehicles provides basic and also some quirky info about the city. For natives, it?s fun to go on this tour after having people quack at you day and day out. Spots visited include Back Bay, Government Center and the Charles River. The trip is definitely worth the price of admission.
★★★★★ Really fun
by tiglesia at Citysearch 5 Boston Duck Tours
October 29, 2006
I took this tour in June, so the weather was great, but it was enjoyable, perfect for all ages, and interactive! The locals "quack" at the boat as you pass, and the "captain" was funny, he asked for volunteers to steer, and the kids who volunteered got a surprise sticker set. (at the end of the tour the captain gave all kids whether they steered or didn't steer a set of stickers too)
Pros: Fun
Cons: A boat tour so inclement weather would be bad
★★★★☆ Not enough of the city on Tour
by psboston7 at Citysearch 4 Boston Duck Tours
July 26, 2005
Doesn't hit all the locations but not bad for the price. Fun for the kids and not to long of a tour. The guides are entertaining and had lots of "tidbits" information about the city kept you involved. I agree with someone who mentioned to purchase tickets early as they do tend to sell out. Also we did the later afternoon tour it was cooler and not so much traffic to sit in. I don't know if you get a choice as to where they take you like other tours but this one was sort of "superficial" to me.. but I'm a Bostonian by Birth.
They also seat first come first serve so be sure to get there early for best seats on vehicle. If you sit in the rear you may get wet, but you should expect this you are on a tour "boat" essentially lol.
Pros: affordable price, Fun tour guides
Cons: not much of the city, can get wet
★★★★★ Duck Tours are the best!
by Kathy02912 at Citysearch 5 Boston Duck Tours
January 15, 2003
My favorite thing about Boston!  I take all of my out-of-town guests!
★★★★★ Fun!!!!!!!!
by gibby44 at Citysearch 5 Boston Duck Tours
January 14, 2003
The Boston Duck Tours are fun and educational. Its alot of fun.
Pros: Fun, Educational
