Wellesley, MA
18/4/2012
Ooh, a duck tour is fun. Super super fun! It's really expensive, though, but you can often get a Groupon or a LivingSocial deal to cut back on the pain.
Every driver dresses up as a different character (there are a few new characters this season, including Sully, a roadie) and drives a uniquely-painted and uniquely-named vehicle. The duck tour is named after the type of amphibious vehicle in which you travel, namely a DUKW (check this bad boy out on Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/… ), a sweet-ass boat-truck hybrid. Yeah, seriously! There are five original 1940s-era ducks in their fleet, and the rest are circa 1990s. You start out at the Museum of Science in Cambridge, or at the Aquarium in Boston, on land, and your driver takes you around the city streets first, talking about historical things that even the most jaded local doesn't know. Yeah, everyone knows about the Molasses Flood of 1919...but why are/were there two Bunker Hills? Not so tough now, are ya, townie?
Seriously, though, it is very likely that on a Duck Tour, you will find out the answer to this and many other pieces of Boston's historical and cultural trivia that have been burning your soul to know, and it is 100% likely that this knowledge will be imparted to you by someone in a funny outfit.
Best of all is the moment when you drive down by the skate park build site and all of a sudden...you're driving into the water. It is mind-blowing and very smooth: one moment, you're a landlubber, and the next, you're looking for cormorants as they swoop and dive deep for their supper just yards away from where you're floating.
Got kids? Well, nobody's going to make them steer the duck while it's tooling down the Charles, but they will totally be invited to. I like it when there are lots of kids on the duck, because they all get a turn and it's really hilarious.
I personally prefer duck tours with drivers who are more mellow and don't make you quack at EVERYONE and EVERYTHING. But your mileage and preferences may vary, and you can certainly find a driver and tour length to meet your needs. I've been on the 1.5 and the 1 hour tours, and I have enjoyed both. What you probably don't want to do is to schedule your visit when it's a holiday or school vacation, because although your duck tour itself won't suck, getting TO and FROM your duck tour is going to be painful. Doesn't hurt to buy one of their Aquarium-Duck or Science-Museum-Duck packages, either.
Was this review …?
