7/13/2011
QUACCCCKKKKKKK!
I am not even slightly ashamed to admit my love for Duck Tours.  My current picture is on a Duck Tour with a quacker (yes, I own one).
For the locals - if you haven't been on one yet, just do it.  It's fun and totally worth it.  You can wait for the bookends of the Duck Tour season when they usually run specials or you can go tomorrow.  Either way I honestly recommend them.  I know so many little facts from my Duck Tours that I impress my visitors with.  Little do they know that I'm just mooching off the knowledge of the conDUCKtors(sorry guys).
For the visitors - I would put this on the "MUST DO" list.  There are always groups there of all ages.  My last Duck Tour had a group of children, myself with my friend (20-somethings), two foreign couples (one in their 30s and one in their 50s/60s) and a retired group from Florida.  Everyone had a great time!  I have gone with my little sister, my friends, older visitors, and our summer interns from work.  That's right people, I have been on at least five Duck Tours in the last eighteen months.  I'm not a big history person so this is the perfect dose of fun city factoids.  Each time you learn different things.  Our driver dressed like a magician (I looked on the website and I believe he was the Great Garabaldi) pointed out the purple glass on Beacon Hill while PJ (one of the few female drivers!) brought me to see the Constitution for the first time.  PJ also did a great job throwing in some adult humor that flew over the kids' heads but kept the adults entertained.  Compliments of PJ, I laugh every time I ride on the Green Line between Arlington and Park after learning that was the entire original stretch of the T.  
I plan on continuing to bring visitors and trying out the different routes (I've only ever left from the Prudential Center).  It's a great tour for beginners with juuuuuust enough information.
One piece of advice: try to go earlier.  I've had much better luck that way.  They're less packed and the drivers seem to be in a better mood.  I had one particularly cranky driver once when we went at the end of the day who almost turned me off completely from Duck Tours.  I know that might be hard to believe after this review, but if it wasn't for the free one from work I don't think I would have been converted back over for a WHILE.  You can thank Garabaldi and PJ for making me a diehard Duck fan again.  QUACK!!!!!
