Boston Duck Tours - Cheapest Way to Book - AOL Travel News
Boston Duck Tours - Cheapest Way to Book
by Annie Scott Subscribe to Annie Scott's posts Posted Jan 10th 2011 05:14 PM
TEXT SIZE:
Email This
Boston Duck Tours are the cream of the crop, both for Boston and for Duck Tours in general. There is so much to see in Boston, and seeing it partly by land, partly by water makes it so much more fun! Plus, the guides ("conDUCKtors") are encouraged to be wacky -- they're sure to make you and your family laugh.
BUT, they're expensive. Buying online from BostonDuckTours.com will run you $32 for adults (age 21 and older), $22 for children (age 3 to 11) and $10 for infants under 3. That adds up fast for any family. Want a group rate? You'll need 20 people age 3 or older. Good luck with that.
There are a ton of sites out there that offer tickets for more cash, which is crooked to say the least. So, first and foremost, be sure you're not paying more than what's listed above.
Next, on certain days, you can get a discounted 55 minute Duck Tour from the New England Aquarium at 3:00 PM (a normal tour is 80 minutes). Click here for that schedule.
Super Duck Tours is an alternative company and is the only Duck Tour which includes Boston Harbor. The Duck Tour alone will cost you more ($35 for adults and $23 for kids 3 to 11), but, you can add on their Boston Upper Deck Trolley Tour (valid for two whole days) and Cambridge Loop tour, and get a free Boston Harbor Cruise or Charles River Boat Cruise all for just $61 for adults and $31 for kids. Click here for more info on that Duck Tour deal.
Signing up for Groupon deals in Boston may get you a cheaper ticket.
Several Boston Hilton Hotels offer a discount on Boston Duck Tours, wrapping the cost into the cost of your hotel room. Click here for details.
A surefire way to save on Boston Duck Tours? Get a Go Boston Card . The card costs more, but it will get you into over 70 Boston museums and attractions for free, and it guarantees you a 50% discount on Boston Duck Tours. If you plan to do a lot of sightseeing, this will save you plenty of cash. Price varies by how long you want the card to last; click here for information.
