Super Duck Excursions gains in fight against Boston Duck Tours
Boston Business Journal                                                                        by Naomi R. Kooker, Boston Business Journal
Date: Wednesday, June 18, 2008, 6:10pm EDT - Last Modified: Wednesday, June 18, 2008, 6:10pm EDT
Related:
Legal Services
Super Duck Excursions can return to using "duck tours" in its marketing material and its logo of a cartoon duck, after a preliminary injunction was overturned Wednesday.
Boston Duck Tours, which has been operating since 1994, won a court skirmish last summer against Super Duck Excursions, which was formerly named Super Duck Tours. Super Duck was forced to change its name and logo -- a cartoon duck -- due to what the court determined was likely customer confusion.
Super Duck Excursions appealed the ruling, and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit declared Wednesday that no one is entitled to trademark protection of the phrase "duck tour" and that the cartoon logo, formerly used by Super Duck, was "substantially dissimilar" to the Boston Duck Tour logo.
"Today is a victory for free and fair competition," said Josh Dalton, partner with Bingham McCutchen, who argued the appeal on behalf of Super Duck Excursions.
"It is what it is," said Cindy Brown, managing partner of Boston Duck Tours     Boston Duck Tours Latest from The Business Journals Knocking their lights out: The transformer fire that blew out power in the Back Bay served as a hard object lesson in business continuance Tourism industry sees ray of hope after dismal ’09 Slack sales: In a tepid tourism season,  Tall Ships expected to add little bounce Follow this company . "Our main concern was guest confusion. We're working with Super Duck Excursions to make sure we can operate our business the way we want to."
Brown said the tourism market has been especially strong, allowing enough business for everyone.
She said Boston Duck Tour ridership was up 11 percent in April over last April, up 6 percent in May over May of last year, and this June is up over last June, so far. "Our businesses has never been better," she said.
The U.S. District Court case between the two entities is still pending.
See all your followed company news on your personalized dashboard .
To access the full benefits of bizWatch and receive a weekly email with aggregated news on all the companies you are following, please provide your email address below.
Sign Up Now
