Tours of the Boston Area
Duck tours offer a unique Boston experience. The tour combines travel on both land and water in an amphibious World War II-era vehicle. This allows tourists to view Boston close up around the downtown area and admire the skyline of Boston and Cambridge while cruising along the Charles River.
About the Tour
Tours depart year round from the Prudential tower, Boston’s second tallest building located in the Back Bay neighborhood and last about 80 minutes. An abbreviated 55 minute seasonal tour departs from Boston’s Museum of Science. The fleet of over 20 duck boats is each uniquely named after Boston landmarks. Names include “Back Bay Bertha," "Fenway Franny," "Frog Pond Lily" and "Symphony Hal." Though guests remain on board for the entire duration of the tour, the vehicles have open air seating that provides great opportunities for photographs. Children are often allowed to help steer the vehicle for a few moments while on the river. The duck boats have a seating capacity of 32 to 36 passengers depending on the vehicle.
Points of Interest
The tour passes Boston’s historical points of interest including the USS Constitution, Old North Church, Old South Church, the Old State House and the Granary Burying Grounds. The tour also includes cultural sites along the tour such as the bar that the popular television show "Cheers" was based on, the "Make Way for Ducklings" sculpture, the Holocaust Memorial, and Boston Common and Public Gardens. After circulating through the sites in around downtown Boston, the duck boat makes its signature "splashdown" into the Charles River. Along the river, many other sites are visible including the Charles River Esplanade and Hatch Shell, the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Boston State House and its famous gold foil roof.
Other Helpful Information
Discounts are available to students, senior citizens, military personnel and groups of 20 or more. Combination tickets incldue admission to Boston’s Museum of Science, the Prudential Skywalk Observatory and a separate city trolley tour. Groups can charter the duck boats for special events such as weddings and company outings.
References
