+ Subscribe
Duck Boats, photo: Boston Visitors & Convention Bureau 
Spring is finally here in Boston. It's time to get out and about. The world famous Boston Duck Boats are a good mode of transportation, especially if you want to see the Boston sights and have a laugh at the same time.
Boston Duck Boats: rolling on the river
Quack, quack! Pedestrians get out of the way when they see these odd looking vehicles rolling along Boston streets. 
Duckboat Tours transport passengers on strange looking vehicles called "DUCKS"--World War Two style amphibious landing vehicles. 
Wisecracking characters, called ConDUCKtors, share the inside scoop on the people and places that once made Boston the "hub" of the universe.
ConDUCKtors all have their own handles, which sets them apart from the pack. You may meet "Major Tom Foolery", "Commonwealth Cowgirl" or "Vincent Van Duck" on your tour. The rainbow hued Duck Boats also have unique personalities, with  names like "North End Norma",  "Back Bay Bertha" and "Penelope Pru."
Duck Boats tour Boston top sights
The golden-dome of the Massachusetts State House, the towering Bunker Hill monument, pastoral Boston Common, busy Copley Square, fashionable Newbury Street, historic Quincy Market, The "Cheers Bar" -- you'll see them all.
ConDUCKtors sprinkle in lots of tidbits and jokes, while children also take their turns at the wheel. "Splashdown" is the highlight, as the ConDUCKtor guides the boat right into Boston's muddy Charles River. What better way to see the Boston skyline? Just don't get out of the boat since the water is likely polluted.
Boston Duck Boat Tickets and Tours
Boston Duck Tours has 3 ticket booth locations. They are:  inside the Museum of Science after the gift shop, inside the Prudential Center across from Barnes and Noble and in the Rotunda at Faneuil Hall Marketplace.  
Tickets for Duck Boat Tours, sell out quickly, especially in spring and summer.
Tickets can be purchased in advance by phone for large groups of 20 or more and on the Internet, up to 30 days in advance . For more information visit the official Duck Boats website. 
Tours only depart from the Museum of Science and Prudential Center. Remember: Tickets can not be purchased outside at Duck Stops located at the Museum of Science and Prudential Center.
If you enjoyed this article, you can read more about springtime fun in Boston with Spring Break in Boston, for families.
