Faneuil  Hall Tours - "Getting There"
- Getting around Faneuil Hall and  Touring Boston -
 
The best advice is to never drive in Boston.
Pick up a one-day Link Pass for $9 for unlimited travel on the subway and buses.
 
At Logan International Airport , take a free shuttle bus to the  nearest subway station.
To Fenway Park:
Congrats CLAY!!! Click Here  for Red Sox Stats & Standings
 
From downtown, take the Green Line of the T to  Kenmore Station at Commonwealth Avenue. Take a left on Brookline  Avenue and it's a short walk to the ballpark.
To Sam Adams Brewery:
 
Take the Orange Line outbound to the Stony Brook  stop. Exit the station to the left on Boylston Street, then make  your first right onto Amory Street and the first left onto Porter  Street to the brewery gate.
Tours:
Tours of the Samuel Adams Brewery are Tuesday-Thursday, noon to 3  p.m.; Friday, noon to 5:30; Saturday, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., beginning  about every half hour. Admission is free; a $2 donation to charity  is encouraged.  Call 617-368-5080 or visit www.samueladams.com .
Fenway Park tours leave hourly from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., seven days a  week from the Souvenir Store across Yawkey Way.
On game days, the last tour departs 3 ½ hours  before game time. Admission is $12 for adults, $10 for children.  617-226-6666;
www.redsox .com (click on Fenway Park).
Tickets:
 
The Red Sox have  sold out every home game since May 2003, so tickets are hard to get.  For information, call 617-482-4769. The best bet may be to obtain  tickets through a reseller or by searching for Red Sox tickets on eBay.
Lodging:
Hotels in Boston tend to be expensive. The no-frills Shawmut, at 280  Friend St., is one block from North Station, which has access to the  Green and Orange lines of the T. The Shawmut is across from  Banknorth Garden where the Celtics and Bruins play and within easy  walking distance to Faneuil Hall . The complimentary breakfast was adequate
to get us started in the morning. Rate: $169 a night. 617-720-5544;  www.shawmutinn.com.
If luxury accommodations are a priority, try the award-winning  boutique Fifteen Beacon Hotel. Or the Four Seasons, the Ritz Carlton  Boston Common or the Charles Hotel in Harvard Square.
Eating:
For a genuine local pub experience following the brewery tour, take  the Orange Line to the Forest Hills station and hike a few blocks to Doyle's  Café at the corner of Washington and Williams streets. Touted as  the first pub to serve Samuel Adams beer, Doyle's dates to 1882 and  has been a focal point for politicians and movie scenes. There's an  18-foot mural on one wall containing the likenesses of seven Boston  mayors and numerous other politicians.
The Union Oyster House, 41 Union St., claims to be the oldest  restaurant in America, and it boasts a clientele that has included  Daniel Webster and John F. Kennedy. There's a plaque marking JFK's  favorite booth in the upstairs dining room.
It's hard to go wrong with any of the restaurants that line the  streets of North End, Boston's Little Italy . What lured us was the lobster  ravioli special on the board outside La Famiglia Spagnuolo at 242 Hanover St .
 
Boston North End Italian Restaurant Guide
 
The little mom-and-pop place was like a visit to  the old country, or a Sopranos episode (was that Uncle Junior dining  at the next table?).
The service was a bit brusque, but the price was  reasonable and the lobster ravioli didn't disappoint.
Other attractions:
Boston Duck Tours , aboard World War II amphibious craft, will  show you the sights around town and on the Charles River. There's  the Ghosts and Gravestones Tour, the Historic Pub Crawl and the  Unofficial Tour of
Harvard University conducted by wise-cracking Harvard students.
 
 
But my favorite is the Freedom Trail , the  2.5-mile hike from Boston Common to the Bunker Hill Monument, which  passes historical landmarks such as the Old North Church, Paul  Revere House and the USS Constitution. No need to pay $12 for a  guide.
 
Just follow the red line on the sidewalk.
Courtesy of: Craig Davis - www.Sun-Sentinel.com
 
