Read More
Hours
Museum of Science & Prudential Center: Mid-March–November 27: Daily, 9:00 am–5:30 pm, every half hour. New England Aquarium: April: Weekends starting at noon (daily during MA April School vacation) May, September & October: Friday and weekends starting at noon. June, July & August: Daily, starting at noon.
Closed
Thanksgiving day. all holiday hours are subject to change without notice.
Redemption Instructions
IMPORTANT! Your choice of one of the following is included with a 3, 5 or 7-day Go Boston Card: Boston Duck Tour, 1-hour Segway Adventure, North End Pizza Walking Tour or a choice of a Boston Harbor Luncheon or Brunch Cruise.
Reservation Instructions
There are two easy ways to book a tour:
1. By phone: up to 30 days in advance at (617) 450-0068 (subject to $3 booking fee per person).
2. In person: at the departure locations (same day bookings only).
If booking your tour in advance by phone, your credit card will be charged the full retail rate of the tour, plus a $3 booking fee per person. When you have presented your VALID Go Boston Card at the departure point, your credit card will be reimbursed in full, less the booking fee (you do not need to have your credit card with you). All bookings are non-refundable and nonexchangeable.
Note
Not valid for departures beyond 5:30 pm.
Tip: Tours sell out early during the summer season. We suggest that you arrive early in the day to make any same-day reservations.
Address
3 departure locations: New England Aquarium, Museum of Science (Science Park), OR Prudential Center (115 Huntington Avenue)
Boston, MA
Take the T: New England Aquarium: Blue Line  to Aquarium stop.
Museum of Science: Green Line “Lechmere” train to Science Park stop.
Note: Science Park is not wheelchair accessible. Call the MBTA at 617-222-5000 for assistance.
Shops at the Prudential Center: Green Line “E” train to Prudential stop.
Your tour will take you past the famous gold-domed State House, the trendy shopping district on Newbury Street, the politically-charged and geographically-challenged Beacon Hill neighborhood, and so much more! And right at the point when a more conventional and less animated tour would end, your driver will navigate your World War II-style landing craft right to the edge of the Charles River… and keep driving, turning your tour bus into a…well, a duck! Get ready to lose your inhibitions and quack your heart out at the other duck tour boats you pass--the ducks all seem to know each other!
Once in the water, you’ll have a duck’s-eye-view of Boston as well as neighboring Cambridge--home of MIT, Harvard, and loads of historic hotspots.  The two distinct towns are neatly divided by the Charles River, and on your Duck Tour, you’ll have the chance to see both. What other sights might you see, courtesy of your high-energy and uniquely clad “ConDUCKtor”? While each tour is different, here’s a preview of many of the sights:
Trinity Church
