Hotel pickup and drop off
Food and drinks
Confirmation will be received at time of booking
Wheelchair accessible
Cancellation Policy
If you cancel at least 7 day(s) in advance of the scheduled departure, there is no cancellation fee.
If you cancel between 6 and 3 day(s) in advance of the scheduled departure, there is a 50 percent cancellation fee.
If you cancel within 2 day(s) of the scheduled departure or fail to show up on the confirmed day of travel, there is a 100 percent cancellation fee.
Safety:100% safe. All transactions done securely.
Vouchers & Confirmation Immediately after submitting your reservation you will receive a receipt of booking by email. Within 48 hours (often on the very same day!) you will receive a voucher confirming all details.
Voucher Info: You must present a paper voucher for this tour. We will email a link to access and print your voucher at the Lead Travelers email address.
Starpoints:
Journey through Boston on an open-air DUCK, an authentic, renovated World War II amphibious landing vehicle.
Discover the history of these unusual vehicles!
Let the ConDUCKtor give you lots of little known facts and insights about this unique and wonderful city.
Admire the golden dome of Boston's State House.
Learn the history of Bunker Hill.
Cruise through Boston Common and Copley Square.
Check out the fashionable Newbury Street.
See the hustle and bustle of Quincy Market on your way to the Prudential Tower.
"Splashdown" as your ConDUCKtor drives right into the Charles River for a breathtaking view of Boston and Cambridge.
Bring your camera and capture the sights from your unique vantage point aboard this WWII amphibious vehicle.
Description
You've never toured Boston in anything that comes close to Boston Duck Tours. Your fun begins as soon as you board your DUCK, an authentic, renovated World War II amphibious landing vehicle.
Meet at your choice of departure location - the Museum of Science or the Prudential Center, where you'll be greeted by a legendary tour ConDUCKtors, who will narrate your tour. Then, you're off on your journey. 
Cruise by all the places that make Boston the birthplace of freedom, from the golden-domed State House to Bunker Hill and the Fleet Center, Boston Common and Copley Square to the Big Dig, Government Center to fashionable Newbury Street, Quincy Market to the Prudential Tower & more. 
History unfolds before your eyes as you explore Boston aboard the unique DUCKs. View diverse forms of architecture, examine local art and learn about Boston's lore and legend. 
The ConDUCKtors, in character and costume, bring the history of Boston to life. But, don't let their entertaining nature fool you - they take their knowledge so seriously that they'll gladly accept your History Challenge questions, if you dare!
Check availability
Upon booking this fun amphibious Duck tour, you will be sent a Voucher valid for the date you've selected. In order to confirm your tour departure time, you must follow the instructions below:
Confirm your tour departure time up to 30 days before your scheduled tour date by phone or at one of the ticket booths. The sooner you book, the more likely you are to get your favorite time! The ticket booths are located at the Prudential Center and the Museum of Science. We recommend checking in at the Museum of Science as the crowds are smaller than at the Prudential Center. Please remember that TICKETS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE AND NON-EXCHANGABLE once you book a specific tour time.
Advertisement
