Book Now
 Please describe your tour:
Since 2006 Trademark Tours has run the most popular walking tour of Harvard University.  The 70-minute tour of this historic Harvard Yard and the surrounding Harvard Square neighborhood is given by Harvard students and affiliates.  It is funny, entertaining and educational!  The “Hahvahd Tour” has received positive reviews from dozens of national and local media outlets.
 Where does the tour start?
Our tour of Harvard starts at 1376 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge MA 02138.  Look for us in front of the Cambridge Information Kiosk right outside of the Main Harvard Redline Subway Station.
 Where does the tour end?
The tour ends on Winthrop Street, right across from 52 JFK Street in Cambridge, MA .
 What are the tour themes?
Our tour covers four main themes:  Harvard & American History, Harvard Architecture, Harvard Culture and the Harvard-Cambridge Rivalry.
 Who are the guides?
Tours are led by Harvard students or other affiliates of the University.
 How are you affiliated with Harvard?
Our  company is a private organization that employs over 50 Harvard  students.  We are a respected community partner and use the Harvard  brand under license from the Harvard Trademark Program.  We are an official partner of Harvard Student Agencies.
 Are private tours available?
Yes!  We offer many private tour opportunities in multiple languages for groups of all sizes. Click here to learn more .
 How long is the tour?
The tour lasts about 70 minutes.
 How far will I walk?
The tour route is nearly 1 mile in total.
 Is the tour handicap accessible?
The terrain we walk is flat and the tour is nearly always wheelchair accessible.  Please contact us directly if you are interested in taking the tour and have disabilities.
 Are there places to sit on the tour?
In the middle of the tour, the entire group will have the opportunity to stop and sit down for a short period.
 How much does the tour cost?
We ask that guests pay $10 per person at the end of the tour.  There is no cost to join the tour – we don’t ask you to pay until you are fully satisfied!  Cash payments are requested.
 Is the tour family-friendly?
Absolutely!  The tour is scripted to entertain both adults and children.  Families love our friendly, dynamic guides.
 Is the tour good for prospective students?
National Public Radio calls us “the real deal”.  You can learn what Harvard is really like from students who go there.
 Does the tour go inside buildings?
If you are interested in going inside buildings make sure to check out our private tour offerings! Private tours offer more time and access to Harvard’s buildings.
 What is the difference between a private and public tour?
Public Tours are offered 7 days a week from March – December at specific times of the day.  They can be joined on-the-spot if there is room on the tour.  Private Tours are offered year-round at a time that is convenient for your group.  They have a dedicated guide, can be fully customized, are offered in many languages, and include discounted dining and entertainment options.
 Can I take the tour in a language other than English?
We offer multiple language options through our Private Tours.
 When do the tours run?
Public tours run 7 days a week from March – December.  Our schedule can be found in the booking section of the website.  Private Tours are offered year-round at a day and time convenient for the group and must be pre-booked.
 How do I get to the start of the tour?
The easiest way to get to us is by taking the Red Line Subway to the Harvard Station and using the large exit (by Dunkin Donuts).  If you are driving the street address closest to the start of the tour is 1376 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge MA.  If you do decide to drive, allow 20 minutes to find parking.
 Is there parking?
Street parking is extremely limited.  There are various parking garage options in Harvard Square.  The most affordable is University Place Garage.
 Do I have to make a reservation?
Reservations for our Public Tours are encouraged but not required.  You can book online at no cost.
 Do I need to buy a ticket?
You can book your reservation online at no cost.  We ask for $10 per person at the end of the tour.  Cash payments are requested!
 What happens if it rains?
Tours run rain or shine!  We are famous for running great tours in all kinds of weather!
 Have you been reviewed?
Our tours have received praise in numerous national media outlets including The New York Times, National Public Radio, Forbes.com, NBC Radio, and the Boston Globe.
