by Michelle Bermas | More from this Blogger
What is a Duck Tour?
Climb aboard a World War II amphibious landing vehicle and get ready to see historic and popular city sites such as:
The State House
Copley Square
The Big Dig Construction site
Quincy Market  (a fun place with quirky, usual shops and one eatery with tons of food)
Newberry Street (fancy shopping district)
Bank North Garden (the old Fleet Center, holds concerts and sporting events)
And more...
The Boston Duck Tours are well known all over the United States.  And for good reason.  It's a fun, memorable way to see a tour of Boston for all ages.
After literally quacking throughout Boston, my favorite part is when your vehicle rolls into the Charles River.  (Everyone on tour will gasp and kids are delighted.)
ConDUCKtors, your guides, are fun, lively characters who answer all questions and are generous with their information. Or you can just sit back; enjoy the beautiful views of the Boston and Cambridge skyline, whatever time of the day it is.
Have more questions about the tour?  If you go online, www.bostonducktours.com you can map out the route and highlights.  Want to know more about the vehicles?  Here's a partial answer to a very popular question, "Are these really boats that were in a war?"  Here's the answer from the duck tour webpage:
"The demands of war, along with technical know-how and old fashioned Yankee ingenuity combined to create the perfect solution: A vehicle that was half boat and half truck, that could run on land and water. Code-named DUKW (see where we get the name?), the first "DUCK" was actually a GMC truck enclosed in a water-tight shell."
"It wasn't long before DUKWs were playing a crucial role in the allied invasions in Sicily, the Pacific, and the biggest invasion of all, D-Day. In fact, more than 40% of all over-beach supplies in Normandy were transported by DUKWs during the first four months. So today, you're not only having the ride of your life, you're riding on a proud part of American history."  (Quote taken from the history page of www.bostonducktours.com)
The tours are most popular in the summer and sell out by noon.  So plan ahead.  You can purchase your tickets online at www.bostonducktours.com or call 617-267-DUCK.  Tickets are also on sale at the Prudential Center, the Museum of Science and Faneuil Hall.
Tours are 80 minutes long and the Ducks are heated.  They operate seven days a week, rain or shine.  Hours run from 9 a.m. to one hour before sunset.  They're open until November 26, 2006.
Tickets are $26 for adults, $23 for senior citizens, $17 for kids 3-11 years old and $5 for kids under 3.  Ticket holders receive a free choice of either a special sheet of discount coupons for the Museum of Science or the Prudential Center.  Also ask for a free city guidebook called, The Quack on Boston.
Happy Quacking.
