9:00 am to approximately one hour before sunset (ticket booth opens at 8:30 am)
(Time on Availability Calendar is for booking purposes only.)
-Tours leave every 30 or 60 minutes, depending on the season
-Late March through November
-PLEASE NOTE: Specific tour times are not guaranteed until you reconfirm your reservation as noted on your E-Ticket.
 
Summary:
NO HOTEL PICKUP. All children must be ticketed. PLEASE NOTE: Specific tour times are not guaranteed until you reconfirm your reservation as noted on your E-Ticket. WE STRONGLY SUGGEST A MINIMUM ADVANCE BOOKING OF 48 HOURS. Please reserve online, or call us toll-free at 888-736-5633. There is a $5.95 USD processing fee per order.  This is a flat fee regardless of the number of tickets or tours purchased on an order.
There is a service charge per ticket. This charge will be reflected on your summary before you checkout.  The total shown includes any and all taxes, fuel surcharges, and service fees.  There are no additional charges, unless otherwise specified.
Cancellation Policy: There are no refunds.  All sales are final.
Change Fee Policy: If changes are allowed on a tour or activity, a  $20.00 per reservation change fee will be applied for any change to a  reservation. Please note that some tours and activities do not allow any  changes. Date changes can be made only if we can confirm availability on  the new date. While we cannot guarantee any changes can be made, all change requests must be submitted a minimum of 24 hours prior to the tour departure and must be handled on an individual basis through our Reservations Center.
And just when you think you've seen it all, there's more. It's time for "Splashdown" as your ConDUCKtor splashes your DUCK right into the Charles River for a breathtaking view of the Boston and Cambridge skylines, the kind of view you just won't get anywhere else. So get ready for the ride of your life. Hop on a Boston Duck Tour.
History of the DUKW Amphibious Vehicle
During the early days of World War ll, the allies were faced with a tough tactical problem: how could they unload cargo and men from their ships in places where the dock facilities had been destroyed or simply did not exist? The answer was to unload cargo directly over the beach. But how?
The demands of war, along with technical know-how and old fashioned Yankee ingenuity combined to create the perfect solution: a vehicle that was half boat and half truck that could run on land and water. Code-named DUKW (see where we get the name?), the first "DUCK" was actually a GMC truck enclosed in a water-tight shell.
It wasn't long before DUKWs were playing a crucial role in the allied invasions in Sicily, the Pacific, and the biggest invasion of all, D-Day. In fact, more than 40% of all over-beach supplies in Normandy were transported by DUKWs during the first four months. So today, you're not only having the ride of your life, you're riding on a proud part of American history.
FAQ's
Is hotel pickup provided?
NO hotel pickup is provided for this tour. Although your hotel name & address is requested at the time of booking, this is only necessary in the event that you must be contacted prior to the tour and is not required. A cell phone or telephone number is also acceptable as a contact method.
How long does the tour last?
Approximately 80 minutes
Are the Ducks wheelchair accessible?
Absolutely! Each Duck in the fleet is equipped to have up to two wheelchairs strapped onto the back deck. Wheelchairs are boarded first along with one guest in your party. Other guests in your party will board in the order in which they arrived and where they are in the line. Guests also have the option of transferring into one of the seats. A Guest Service Representative will gladly set up the wheelchair lift to assist those guests who are not in a wheelchair, but are unable to climb stairs. If you or someone in your party requires assistance, there will be contact information on your E-ticket so you can make arrangements prior to your arrival.
Can you get on and off the Duck?
No. The tour is a full 80 minutes without stops along the route. Although there are no stops during the 80-minute tour, there are restrooms conveniently located inside the Prudential Center and the Museum of Science.
What is the refund policy?
There are no refunds unless Mother Nature makes it best not to offer the water portion of the tour. If that occurs, half the ticket price will be refunded upon request.
Is it appropriate to give ConDUCKtors a gratuity?
Gratuities are certainly appreciated for a job well done - at the discretion of the guest.
Do you get wet on the tour?
While The DUCKS do splash into the Charles River, you will not get wet. You may, however, get a light spray on the River depending upon the direction and strength of the wind. All DUCKS are heated and enclosed by a canopy and DUCKS run rain or shine.
How long are we on the water?
The water portion is approximately 20 minutes of the 80-minute tour.
Can we bring liquor on board?
No, insurance regulations do not allow alcohol on board the DUCK. Rights are reserved to refuse boarding of or terminate the tour for any guest who appears to be intoxicated.
How do you get the back outside seats?
Seating is first-come, first-served, so it is suggested that you show up at least 30 minutes prior to the tour to get your desired seats. Please keep in mind that 9 of the 24 vehicles do not have an outside seating section, so if you happen to get one of those DUCKS, everyone will be seated undercover.
Do we need a seat for my baby?
Yes, you are required to get a ticket for any child under 3.
Are pets allowed on the Duck?
Only service animals are permitted on the tour.
What should we wear? Are the Ducks heated?
Although the Ducks are heated and may be enclosed, you should dress appropriately for the weather on the day of the tour. It is often breezy on the Charles River.
Are guests allowed to drive on the Charles River?
It is up to the Boston DUCKS ConDUCKtor to determine if he/she will allow guests to steer the Duck on the Charles River.
Will there be a place to store my child's stroller?
Yes, a BOSTON DUCKS Guest Service Representative will take your stroller for you during the tour and return it once the tour has ended.
Does the tour go past certain sites?
Points of interest are determined; however, in the event of construction, traffic, parades or other events, the route may be altered.
Are there any Boston Duck Tour ticket holder benefits?
When you first arrive for your tour, be sure to request a tour brochure and a Museum of Science coupon sheet. Both offer valuable discounts for guests taking one of the Boston DUCK tours. You will also receive a complimentary city guide when you check in for your tour.
Boston Tours provides booking services for over 80 different tours and activities in the Boston area.  Boston Tours is an official agent for this tour.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All photo copyrights are the property of their respective owners.
Boston Tours is not connected with or sponsored by any of the venues, teams, performers, events, or organizations unless Alcatraz Media Inc. expressly indicates that Alcatraz Media Inc. is an official partner.
Images on Boston Tours' web site are for factual depiction only. Alcatraz Media Inc. may have no affiliation with persons or organizations where images appear.
NO HOTEL PICKUP. All children must be ticketed. PLEASE NOTE: Specific tour times are not guaranteed until you reconfirm your reservation as noted on your E-Ticket. Please reserve online, or call us toll-free at 888-736-5633.
