October 11, 2009 | Laura 2
Coffee, cards, beer, Betsy’s home cooking, and watching the kids destroy the house. 
Those were the only requests we had on a recent trip to visit some of our oldest and dearest friends and their two kids in Boston, MA. What more do old friends need? 
Being nature geeks, we had brief hopes for a whale-watching tour out of Rye, New Hampshire, but off-shore weather conditions put a dink in those plans. When asked what we’d like to do in lieu of ogling sleek marine mammals, we offered “Get to know the heart of Boston.”
When Dave nodded to Betsy, “A duck tour,” she nodded right back.
Huh, what? Were our well meaning hosts going to take us, the creepy bird lovers, to feed mallards at the Harbor? Oh, how nice. I thought. Not. 
But Dave didn’t mean watching “ducks,” he meant riding a “DUKW,” an amphibious WWII vehicle, an archaic piece of grinding machinery that carts tourist around the city and eventually plops them into the Charles River for a tour of the Boston and Cambridge skylines.
We chartered the "Tub of the Hub," captained by Mr. "Paul from Revere."
We embarked, my friends, on what is known as Boston’s famous “Duck Tour.”   Duck Tours are billed with no exaggeration as:  
You’ve never toured Boston in anything that comes close to Boston Duck Tours. The fun begins as soon as you board your “DUCK”, a W.W.II style amphibious landing vehicle. First, you’ll be greeted by one of our legendary tour ConDUCKtors, who’ll be narrating your tour. Then you’re off on a journey …You’ll cruise by all the places that make Boston the birthplace of freedom and a city of firsts, from the golden-domed State House to Bunker Hill and the TD Banknorth Garden, Boston Common and Copley Square to the Big Dig, Government Center to fashionable Newbury Street, Quincy Market to the Prudential Tower, and more. And, as the best of Boston unfolds before your eyes, your ConDUCKtor will be giving you lots of little known facts and interesting insights about our unique and wonderful city.
Our costumed captain cracked jokes at breakneck speed while he pointed out city buildings and historical landmarks.
I’m not one to park my arse on cheesy tourist rides, but this ride was a blast, and probably THE best way to get a windshield tour of Boston. It was chock full of early American history, architecture, culture, celebrity, and tons of relevant humor by our Captain, “Paul from Revere,” a native Bostonian who’s accent was as entertaining as his script.
We rumbled down the streets of downtown Boston, honking and waving at the other crowded DUKWs and the 50+ corner Dunkin' Donuts we passed along the way.
We passed narrow streets and relic buildings of days gone by...
The Massechusetts State House's gold-plated dome shone against the perfect blue sky. The State House was built in 1797 on Beacon Hill and overlooks the Boston Common. It was sited on a pasture owned by John Hancock, known as the first governor of MA, hearty financier of the American Revolution, and for his fancy-pantsed signature on the Declaration of Independence.
The beautiful Trinity Church as reflected in Hancock Tower, built by I.M. Pei.
Boston was settled by Puritans, whose bodies were laid to rest in tiny cemeteries in the middle of what's now the city.
Commonwealth Avenue, which forms the backbone of the elegant Back Bay neighborhood, is an important link in the city's emerald necklace of greenspace.
We passed Boston Commons, the oldest park in the country. Will you look at this couple in love? The body language, the smile, the admiration. I bet he's telling her a really good story, perhaps of how his life changed the day she walked into his flower shop.
Though I was spared Mallards on this trip, I was treated to a healthy dose of Rock Pigeon, House Sparrow and this European Starling dressed in fall colors. Handsome devil.
The amphibious boat wound through the streets of Boston before chugging into the Charles River for a skyline tour.
Splashdown! Rumble, rumble, rumble, wave, wave, wave.
View from the river.
The Community Boat House is a non profit committed to advancement of sailing for everyone regardless of economic or physical limitations. Kids can sail all summer for $1. That's ONE DOLLAR!
My son volunteered in a heartbeat when Captain "Paul from Revere" asked if any kids would like to steer the boat through the River. Pretty neat stuff for a 10 year old.
As the nucleus of America’s first foray into freedom from England, Boston is a historically rich, culturally vibrant town that begs for deeper examination. Though I’d been there a handful of times before, I had never explored its heart and the Duck Tour was just right for a sunny Sunday in October. Next time, I’ll be ready to investigate the city’s nooks and crannies.
Plus the kids LOVED it, as you can see in this expression:
It’s smiles like those that keep me traveling with the boys…so much bigger, broader, and deeper than comes from any Lego set they could pull off the shelf.
Thanks to Dave and Betsy for a wonderful weekend. For el cafe rico, la cerveza fria, and your fabulous Greek dinner, homemade waffles and egg & cheese casserole. As for destroying your house, that was payback for the pathetic beating I took at Hearts (my 110 points to your < 10!) . : )
______________________________
