Boston Duck Tour Discount Tickets
June 22nd, 2011
Admin
Duck tours are one of Boston’s most beloved ways to explore the city, providing tourists with an opportunity to see the sights from amphibious vehicles that travel on the roads and in the water. While a regular adult ticket costs $32, it is possible to get Boston duck tour discount tickets both through internet coupon sites and through the tour company’s own website.
Because Boston duck tours are aimed mostly at tourists, it can be difficult to find Boston duck tour discount tickets in the summer. In the off season however, the tour company may offer discounts in order to drum up business while the tourist industry is slow. While the tours shut down completely during the winter months of January and February, duck tours are open for business daily throughout the rest of the year, except for December, when they only operate on weekends. If you do go in the colder winter months, it is important to remember to dress for the weather. Although the vehicle itself is heated and can be covered if need be, the river is cold, and passengers often get a damp from the spray off the water.
If you will be in Boston during the summer tourist season, internet coupon codes may be your best bet for finding Boston duck tour discount tickets. These may be offered by a number of sites that provide coupon codes and they can be used when purchasing tickets online. While extreme deals are rare, it can be possible to find coupon codes that cover 50% or up to 80% of the cost of your tickets. In some cases, coupons can even provide free tickets. If you plan to use coupon codes, it is important to remember to book ahead. The codes can only be input when buying tickets online and some discounts have additional date or time restrictions that should be taken into consideration before planning your tour.
Aside from the duck tour in Boston tickets themselves, the duck tour website offers discounts to a number of other Boston attractions. By taking a duck tour, you automatically qualify for $5 off a ticket to the Museum of Science, $1 off any museum cafe purchase, $2.50 off an Omni theater film and 5% off any museum store purchase.
