Boston Group Tour - Freedom Trial, Duck Tour, Plimoth Plantation, Salem Witch Museum, 7 Gables
         DAY 1
         Early morning departure from your school. Meet your local tour guide upon arrival
         at Quincy Market. Lunch will be on your own at Quincy Market. Guided tour of
         the Freedom Trail. Your afternoon tour will include visits to the USS Constitution,          the Old North Church, Paul Revere House (outside view only), Old Granary          Burial Ground, the Boston Public Garden and Common, Beacon Hill, the Old          State House and site of the Boston Massacre...and more! Visit the Skywalk at
         the Prudential Center. Included dinner in Boston. Check into your North of Boston          Hotel. Private security on duty at the hotel from 11:00pm to 5:00am each evening.
        
         Breakfast is included at your hotel. Depart hotel for Lexington and Concord.
         Walk on the grounds of Lexington Green where the early Patriots took a brave
         stand for Freedom, then to the North Bridge where the "shot hear round the world"
         was fired. Concord is also known as the "home of the authors". It is here that          Hawthorne, Emerson, Thoreau and Alcott all lived. Depart for Salem, lunch stop in          route. Upon arrival in Salem, begin touring to include the Old Burying Point Cemetery,          the Witch Trials Memorial, Historic Chestnut Street, Salem Willows, and more. You
         will learn about the glorious days of Maritime Trade as you view the Friendship          docked at Central Wharf in Salem Harbor. This city is most famous for the Witchcraft          Hysteria of 1692, but discover what really makes this "a small city with a big history".          Admission included to the Salem Witch Museum . Here you will learn about the dark          days of the Salem Witch Trials and view the new exhibit, "Which Witch Is Which",          followed by admission to the House of Seven Gables. One of Salem's most famous          residents was Nathaniel Hawthorne who penned the novel The House of the Seven         Gables. Included dinner in Salem. After dinner, enjoy a evening Ghost Tour.
         DAY 3
         Breakfast is included at your hotel. Check out and depart for Plymouth. Upon          arrival, first stop will be Plymouth Rock, followed by admission to the Mayflower II
         on the waterfront for a tour, then general admission to Plimoth Plantation.
         A Thanksgiving lunch is included on the plantation. Afternoon departure home.
 
