Please enter your travel dates to see all date and pricing options.
Travel date range:
Find
Details: Boston Duck Tours
You'll be greeted by one of our legendary ConDUCKtors, who'll be narrating your tour. You'll cruise by all the places that make Boston the birthplace of freedom and a city of firsts, from the golden domed State House to the Boston Common, the historic North End to fashionable Newbury Street, Quincy Market to the Prudential Tower and more. Just when you think you've seen it all, it's time for a Big Splash as your ConDUCKtor drives the DUCK right into the Charles River for a breathtaking view of the Boston and Cambridge skylines.
Recommendations:
Vouchers must be brought to any of Boston Duck Tours ticket counters at the Prudential Center, the Museum of Science or Faneuil Hall up to 5 days in advance. Tours depart from the Museum of Science and the Prudential Center only. All weekends and the summer months will sell out early in the morning so it is highly suggested that you come in as early as possible to redeem your voucher. Tours run from 9am until an hour before sunset. Inclusions
• 
Includes Land and water tour on amphibious vehicles and complimentary city guide
Exclusions
Gratuity not included.
Redemption Instructions
Once you have completed your purchase, you'll get an e-mail linking to a voucher for each attraction and service. You must print the voucher and present it in order to gain admission or redeem services. You must book your desired tour time by calling 617-450-0068 or by visiting any of Boston Duck Tour's ticket booths 5 days prior to your tour. Please remember that TICKETS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE AND NON-EXCHANGABLE once you book a specific tour time. Please give vouchers to the guest service representative located at The Museum of Science or The Prudential Center in exchange for your Duck Tour tickets.
Terms and Conditions
Voucher may be redeemed for the Boston Duck Tours Voucher may only be redeemed once.
Cancellation Rules
Attractions and services are non-cancelable. A Voucher has no cash value and is non-transferable. No refunds, credits, exchanges, or cancellations of a Voucher will be granted once Voucher has been issued. Refunds will not be issued for unused or partially used attractions or services. Availability and pricing for an attraction or service are subject to change without notice.
 
