The New England Aquarium
Not your normal aquarium, The New England Aquarium is home to a 200,000 gallon tank with its own coral reef.  The reef accommodates not only sharks, sea turtles, barracuda and moray, but also hundreds of smaller exotic tropical fishes, and it is one of the most detailed and scientifically accurate recreations of its kind.  Not to be outdone by the Museum of Science, The New England Aquarium also has its own IMAX theater.
Hours: 9am - 5pm (M-F), 9am - 6pm (weekend)
Location: Central Wharf, Boston
Admission: Varies
Distance from Anime Boston: Short subway ride - Green line inbound to Government Center, Blue line to Aquarium.
The New England Acquarium's Whale Watch
Enjoy the view as this high-speed catamaran whisks you safely to the whale feeding grounds just 30 miles east of Boston, where you'll glimpse the largest animals to ever live on Earth. Our destination is Stellwagen Bank, a busy feeding area for whales, dolphins, sea birds and other marine life.  On this fun family voyage, whale sightings are guaranteed! In the rare event we do not see any whales, passengers will receive a complimentary New England Aquarium Whale Watch ticket. New England Aquarium is one of the leading marine conservation organizations in the world-let us show you what experience offers!
Hours: Departs at 10 am daily for a 3 to 4 hour tour
Location: Central Wharf, Boston (New England Aquarium dock)
Admission: Varies
Distance from Anime Boston: Short subway ride - Green line inbound to Government Center, Blue line to Aquarium.
Tourist Traps
Boston Duck Tours
You've never toured Boston in anything that comes close to Boston Duck Tours. The fun begins as soon as you board your "DUCK", an authentic, renovated World War II amphibious landing vehicle.  You'll be greeted by a tour ConDUCKtor, who'll be narrating your tour.  You'll cruise by all the places that make Boston the birthplace of freedom and a city of firsts, from the golden-domed State House to Bunker Hill and the Fleet Center, Boston Common, and Copley Square to the Big Dig, Government Center to fashionable Newbury Street, Quincy Market to the Prudential Tower, and more.  Just when you think you've seen it all, your ConDUCKtor splashes your DUCK right into the Charles River for a breathtaking view of the Boston and Cambridge skylines.
Hours: Tours depart rain or shine, 7 days a week, every half hour from 9am to approximately one hour before sunset.
Location: Departing from Prudential Center, Boylston Street, Boston
Admission: $32.99 Adult, $27 Student, $22 Child (3-11), $10 (Child Under 3)
Distance from Anime Boston: Purchase tickets at the Prudential Center, the boarding area is on Huntington Avenue in front of Shaw's Supermarket.
Old Town Trolley Tour
If the Boston Duck Tours are not your cup of tea, there is the Old Town Trolley Tour. Similar to that of the Duck tours there is a main difference, you can ride this trolley all day. Your ticket will let you on and off the trolley as much as you want for the duration of that day, if you decide to see all the sites at once, this tour will last approximately 2 hours. Sites include the Freedom Trail, USS Constitution, Faneuil Hall, New England Aquarium, Chinatown, Cambridge MIT, just to name a few.
Hours: Tours depart rain or shine, 7 days a week, approximately every half hour from 9am to 5pm from each of the trolley stops.
Location: Closest Trolley stop is across from the Sheraton Boston's entrance at the Hilton.
Admission: $42 Adult, $39 Students/Seniors, $16 Children 3-12
Distance from Anime Boston: Purchase tickets at the Sheraton Boston Concierge Desk, they accept cash only or room charges.
The Bull & Finch Pub ("Cheers' Bar," Hampshire House)
In 1982, Hollywood came to Boston and found the Bull & Finch Pub at the foot of Beacon Hill.  The small pub became the inspiration for the setting of the TV series Cheers.  The outside is what you saw in every episode...just don't expect the inside to look like it does on the TV show.
Hours: 11am - 2am
Location: 84 Beacon Street, Boston
Distance from Anime Boston: Short Subway ride - Green line inbound to Arlington Street.  Walk through the Public Garden to Beacon Street.
For the absolute baseball fan, especially Red Sox Fans. Come seem America's most beloved ballpark. These tours give you the inside look and the behind the scenes look of the ballpark.
Hours: Every hour 10am-2pm
Admission: $12 for Adults, $11 for Seniors, $10 for Children
Location: Yawkey Way, Souvenir Store
Distance from Anime Boston: Short Walk from hotel, maps are available from the concierge.
Faneuil Hall Marketplace
Once the final waterfront destination of local fisherman, Faneuil Hall (pronounced "fan-you'll", rhymes with "annual") and Quincy Market are now a couple blocks inland...but things haven't changed much.  The Faneuil Hall area is still a buzzing commerce center.  Any shopping trip in Boston isn't complete without a trip to the Faneuil Hall Marketplace.  If you're looking for designer shoes or some greasy fast food, you can find it all here.
Hours: 10am - 9pm (M-Sat), Noon - 6pm (Sun)
Admission: N/A
Location: Faneuil Hall, Boston
Distance from Anime Boston: Short subway ride - Green line to Government Center, walk past City Hall, go down all of the stairs and across the street.
Harvard Square
Pahk the cah and take the T in to the legendary Harvard Square. If you're shopping for clothing, books, music, comics, or even anime, Harvard Square should be your first stop. If comics are your thing, you can choose from Million Year Picnic (which carries a selection of English-language manga) and New England Comics . There are so many restaurants, bars, and pubs in the area that you'll have a hard time deciding which ones to visit.
Hours: Varies
Admission: N/A
Location: Harvard Square, Mass. Ave, Cambridge
Distance from Anime Boston: Subway ride - Green line inbound to Park Street, Red Line to Harvard.
On Location Tours
Lights, Camera, Boston! On Location Tours takes you on the ultimate tour of Beantown with the Boston TV & Movie Sites Bus Tour and the Boston Movie Mile Walking Tour. The tours take guests through the lens of their favorite TV shows and movies featured on the big and small screen, seen around the world. Visit various neighborhoods including the North and West End of Boston, Beacon Hill, Boston Common, Back Bay, South Boston and Charlestown. Each tour includes multiple recognizable sites from movies and TV shows such as The Town, Good Will Hunting, The Departed, Cheers, Boston Legal, Knight & Day, Mystic River and many more!
Hours: Boston TV & Movie Sites - Saturday & Sunday at 11am.  Boston Movie Mile - Saturday at 2:30pm.
Location: Tours depart in front of the Boston Common Vistiros Center.
Admission:Boston TV & Movie Sites - $38 + $2 ticket fee Adult, $22 + $2 ticket fee Child.  Boston Movie Mile - $22 + $2 ticket fee Adult.
Distance from Anime Boston: Less than 2 miles east. Short subway ride - Green line inbound to Boylston Station.
Contact: call 212-209-3370.
Urban AdvenTours
Urban AdvenTours
A unique, eco-friendly company in Boston that provides original bicycle tours, quality bike rentals, full service repairs and a versatile line of bicycles and commuter oriented accessories. Since 2004 we've been showing locals and visitors the best way to experience Boston - on two wheels!  We also want to share our love of Boston and all of it's neighborhoods with you. From our favorite bakeries in the South End, slices of pizza in the North End, or brew pubs in Back Bay to live music in Cambridge or galleries in Fourt Point - our team loves nothing more than to share our city's hidden gems with you. There's an awful lot to explore beyond the Freedom Trail, and we're happy to point you in there right direction. Think of us as your own "Bike Concierge," we want you to experience the best Boston has to offer.
Hours: 7 days a week 9:00 - 8:00 - bike tours depart at 10am, 2pm, and 6pm -
Location: Departing from 103 Atlantic Ave in the North End.  Bike delivery/pickup is also available with advanced notice.
Admission: 24 Hour Bike Rental: $35, 3 Hour Guided City Bike Tour $50.  Call us for other services.
Distance from Anime Boston: We can deliver our 24 hour rental bikes to your hotel or the convention center.  Our tours leave from the North End which is accessible from the T.
Contact: info@urbanadventours.com or 617.670.0637
