Email
(Photo Credit: reserve123.com)
Two thirds of those suffering from Multiple Sclerosis (MS) are women. Since this month is host to numerous National MS Society fundraising walks in and around the greater Boston area, I decided to highlight an activity that, in the case of my family, could be enjoyed by all members, including my mother who has MS. To find a chapter nearest to you,visit the National MS Society website today and get involved!
Tired of listening to my mother wistfully say, “remember when” and “I wonder what that looks like now,” I decided to find a way to once again share the delights of Boston with her. The task of finding an activity that is suitable for a woman of 57, now prevailing through Multiple Sclerosis, seemed to be nearly impossible…or so I thought!
Thankfully, she is still able to walk well enough without the use of any type of walking aid, though I venture to say that a loving husband and willing children could classify as such. Nonetheless,walking isn’t her strong suite or favorite test of endurance, so I looked into the various city tours and discovered that the famous Duck Tours required limited, if any, walking, and is wheelchair accessible…but it is best to call ahead to reserve a wheelchair spot. The first part of the tour is an open air trolley ride through the city which then transforms into a relaxing boat ride or “Duck Ride” through the Charles River. I suggest going on a cooler day when the hot and humid air is not a risk factor. Together, stress free, we enjoyed the beautiful and historically rich sights of Boston and the Back Bay.  As a side note to those with MS, out of habit, my mom chose to close her eyes a few times to prevent MS related dizziness. That being said, she had a blast and felt empowered by her willingness to try something new. Now we both enjoy saying “remember when” while my dad and brothers get to listen!
(Photo Credit: urbanamp.com)
the Boston Duck tours visit their website at http://www.bostonducktours.com/faqs_main.aspx
or Call at 617 450-0068
WHEN & WHERE: Tour Length depends on area of departure:
1. 80 minutes when leaving from the Prudential
Center or Museum of Science
2.  60 minutes when departing from the New
England Aquarium.
9:00am- last tour from The
Museum of Science and Prudential Center leave before sunset
Tours begin every 30 or 60 minutes.
 
