July 09, 2010
Sailors helped to rescue nine people from Wednesday's accident…
The tragic duck-boat accident near Penn's Landing should prompt officials to consider changes in the safety guidelines for these amphibious craft.
Two people are feared dead and 35 were rescued after one of the popular tour boats was struck by a barge and capsized Wednesday in the Delaware River. The duck boat had developed engine trouble and was floating without power when the collision occurred.
The owner of the tour boats, Ride the Ducks, on Thursday took the only sensible action by suspending operations in Philadelphia and at its five other locations nationwide. At the very least, the company must re-inspect all of its vehicles.
Story continues below.
The emergency personnel and civilians who quickly rescued 35 people in the Delaware deserve heartfelt accolades for preventing an even greater tragedy. Some of these heroes risked their own lives in the process.
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating. Among the questions that need to be answered is whether the crew of the disabled boat alerted nearby craft about its problem. Also, shouldn't the crew of the city-contracted tugboat be able to detect with radar, or an active watch, any disabled boat on the water, when their view from the tug could be blocked by a barge?
Duck boats, which can travel on land and in the water, are required to carry life vests. But not even children riding in these vehicles must wear the vests. A Pennsylvania rule that requires children 12 and under to wear life jackets applies only to recreational boats, not commercial ones. That rule needs to be revisited.
Although it apparently wasn't an issue in this accident, the design of duck boats with fixed canopies can be dangerous, too. A duck boat owned by a different operator sank in a lake in Arkansas in 1999, drowning 13 of its 20 passengers.
In that incident, the NTSB concluded that the overhead canopy prevented some of the victims from escaping, trapping them as the boat sank in a few minutes. Some safety experts have suggested building boats with canopies that can be retracted when entering the water.
It's also worth examining whether these small tour boats should operate at all on the Delaware, with freighters and other massive vessels nearby. A similar duck- boat franchise in Boston operates only on a section of the Charles River where large commercial ships don't travel.
Accidents on these tour boats are rare. Ride the Ducks had been operating in Philadelphia since 2003 without a serious accident. But the sinking on Wednesday compels local, state, and federal officials to review all aspects of this crash to make sure that such tragedies are prevented.
 
