Buy Tickets Now
Swim the Streets of Boston!
Breathtaking Harbor views and waterfront history await you on this land and sea tour aboard our one of a kind Super Duck boats. We offer 90 minute duck tours as well as a shorter Super Duck Harbor Splash – which is FREE with a 2-day Upper Deck Trolley ticket!
Super Duck is a unique tour of Boston’s waterfront and Harbor aboard a duck boat – an amphibious vehicle that can drive Boston’s historic streets and then plunge mightily into Boston Harbor for an exciting narrated look at the city.
Tour Options!
Enjoy our full 90 minute Super Duck tour of Boston’s historic waterfront and Harbor or choose a trolley tour and get 2 days of touring PLUS a 45 minute water-only Super Duck Harbor Splash AND 1 of 4 FREE BONUS TOURS for your best value while in Boston!
A FANTASTIC NEW VALUE!
FREE Super Duck Harbor Splash
Our Super Duck Harbor Splash is Boston’s newest sensation – a 45 minute water-only Harbor Splash and tour. This is the perfect complement to our trolley tours. For the price of a single trolley ticket you get 2 full days of Boston sightseeing AND a waterfront Duck Splash along with other FREE tours! Check ticket availability for more information.
FREE Convenience Shuttle Round Trip from Downtown to Super Duck!
Catch our shuttle from the corner of State Street and Atlantic Ave, near the New England Aquarium and Long Wharf, direct to our departure point at the Charlestown Navy Yard! Enjoy our unique Boston Harbor duck tour and then ride back downtown absolutely FREE.
Our convenience shuttles leave about half an hour prior to Super Duck tour times, so just check your ticket and hop aboard!
How is Super Duck Tours different from our competition,
Boston Duck Tours?
The true story of David & Goliath
Super Duck Tours is David to Boston Duck Tours’ Goliath.
We’re Boston’s other duck tour.
Super Duck Tours is unique and different. We offer an experience you will not get from any other company because we’re Boston’s only land and sea tour and we spend more time in the water than Boston Duck Tours does. On a Super Duck, you’ll be in the Harbor a full 45 minutes. On a Boston Duck, you’ll be in the Charles River for only 20 minutes. On a Super Duck you’ll also get real ambiance and rich historical narrative – plus views of Boston only to be had on our ducks.
Boston Duck Tours is a big company offering a tour of Boston and the Charles River’s lower basin, but your money just doesn’t go as far and you won’t get the feel and history of Boston’s waterfront and Boston Harbor.
Super Duck offers important differences that set us apart from Boston Duck Tours:
Super Duck Tours focuses on the history of Boston’s waterfront and splashes into Boston Harbor, not the Charles River. You’ll spend 45 minutes on land and 45 minutes at sea with spectacular views of the Old North Church, Bunker Hill Monument, USS Constitution and the Boston skyline.
We offer value that simply cannot be beat by anyone else in Boston. Compare our prices – and what you get for your money – to any of our competitors and you’ll come out way ahead with Super Tours.
Our vehicles are staffed by a captain and mate. Two guides means more information and attention.
Actually if a ride on the Charles River is what you want, you’ll see much more of it with our partner the Charles River Boat Company. With every 2-day ticket purchased for an Upper Deck Trolley you get a FREE 50-minute ride on the Charles.
Remember, the Charles River Boat Tour is included FREE with your 2-day Upper Deck Trolley ticket! For all of you water lovers, there’s no comparison between Boston Duck Tours’ 20 minutes on the Charles River and our 45 minutes on the Harbor plus 50 minutes on the Charles River!
Super Tours is the clear winner!
Buy Super Duck Tickets!
The ONLY Boston Harbor duck tour!!!
No other company offers duck tours of Boston Harbor! We’re the ONLY full-service land and sea tour in Boston – our Super Duck rides through Boston’s historic streets and plunges into Boston Harbor for the best views and photo opportunities in town!
While other Boston tour companies offer either trolley or duck tours, only Super Tours provides a full-service combination ticket that allows you to ride the streets of Boston to explore 400 years of American history and plunge into Boston Harbor for a duck tour of her waterfront!
Is it a bird? A plane? A bus? A boat? It’s Super Duck – rolling comfortably through Boston’s streets and then plunging like a great ship into Boston Harbor! Unsinkable and unshakable, Super Duck is like a bus and boat in one!
Super Duck Tours run from March to December, rain or shine! All vehicles have heaters and roll down windows for your comfort in cool weather.
Ducks depart all day from our ticket booth at the Charlestown Navy Yard, home of the USS Constitution. Catch our FREE CONVENIENCE SHUTTLE to and from the New England Aquarium area!
Hop On Hop Off Boston's Most Comfortable Trolleys Over 2 Days for The Price of 1 PLUS Get a FREE Super Duck Harbor Splash AND 4 FREE Bonus Tours Your Choice!Boston's Newest Water Tour – Buy a Trolley Tour Add a Spectacular Harbor Duck Splash **Free!** Super Duck – Boston's Only Land and Sea Tour – Splash into Boston Harbor!4 Free Bonus Tours – Boston's Best ValueBoston's Most Comprehensive Tour Route – Includes Harvard SquareSit High Above Traffic on Boston's Premiere TrolleysNobody Gives You More Value than Super Tours!
Join Super Tours Online!
