Have experience with this business? Write a Review.
★★★★☆ great for seeing the city
Jamie K. |
Insider Expert | Rank: 2,458 4 Old Town Trolley Tour-Boston
The Old Town Trolley has an advantage over the traditional duck tours in that you can get off and on.  The drivers are knowlegeable and friendly, and the tours are fun.
February 26, 2010
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★★ Old Town Trolley Tours of Boston
anna d. |
Insider Guru | Rank: 159 5 Old Town Trolley Tour-Boston
These Trolley tours are very popular. They are always crowded. Last month I went on one of their tours and the trolley was so packed you could not move. The seats are small and there is not much room on their trolleys. You could not enjoy the tour because there were to many people on the trolley
July 27, 2011
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★☆ Old Time Trolley
Nancy A. 4 Old Town Trolley Tour-Boston
This is an excellent way to get an overview of Boston.  I would recommend a two day pass, at least.  Several stops are near the subway, for further travel.  An example is a visit to Harvard.  Very easy to get around using the trolley and the subway.  Also, the drivers provide an interesting history monologue.  I would definitely recommend this over the other tours, as you can get on an off when you wish to further explore Boston.
May 22, 2008
Was this review helpful to you?
★★★★☆ Old Town Trolley
Jennifer S. |
Insider Guru | Rank: 978 4 Old Town Trolley Tour-Boston
This is a great way to become familar with Boston and the various sites and scenes of it. This trolley ride is open and has commentary about the things you are passing it also makes sixteen stops where you can get off and shop or eat if you see something you like and then has unlimited boarding so you can reboard at anytime which I think is very convienent they are great for if you are not from Boston to get to see some of the places and even if you are from Boston to take a break from the busy hectic days and just unwind. I would reccomend them.
May 27, 2005
Was this review helpful to you?
Latest reviews from Citysearch .
★★★★☆ Great, Informative Tour Worth the Money
by newbostonian2007 at Citysearch 4 Old Town Trolley Tour-Boston
September 17, 2007
I highly disagree with the last post. I took the tour yesterday as a new resident of Boston to help me get to know the city better. Our guide. Paul, was very personable and knowledgeable, definitely NOT monotone, and you could tell he was trying hard to relay as much info. as possible. There were a few stops where we did not have enough seats to take on any more passengers, but Paul apologized to those waiting, acknowledged their inconvenience, and let them know that another trolley would be along soon to get them. He would then radio back to dispatch that there were still people waiting at those stops, as it was getting late in the tour day, and the last boarding at any stop is 5 pm. Perhaps the drivers of the trolleys that were all too full to pick up this woman and her visitors were all great like Paul, (who did acknowledge everyone on board, children included), and those passengers just did not want to leave their tours! He had us cheering, singing and answering trivia questions througout the tour. Great value for the money and unique in that you can get on and off as much as you want. Tour the Old State House museum early on, though (it closes at 5 pm), since you can get on the trolley for the full 2-hour tour as late as 5 pm. The tour also offers a money-back guarantee, which I'm sure Old Town Trolley would grant the previous poster if she contacted them, as everyone I met yesterday seemed to want to make sure guests enjoyed the tour.
Pros: Convenience, fun, service
Cons: May have to wait longer than you want to reboard from a sightseeing stop
★★★☆☆ Never Again
by joanne101 at Citysearch 3 Old Town Trolley Tour-Boston
February 12, 2007
I took this trolley tour last September with some out of town guests. We had a really horrible time. The trolleys came around full all the time, at more that 4 of the stops we had to wait for another trolley as there was no room on board. We had 3 driver, all of whom gave the tour in a monotone voice, the whole tour was scripted each driver gave the exact same information. We could not understand the last driver, who seemed in his own world.I would never use the company again, we went with a shorter tour the year before and it was much more enjoyable. The drivers were informative, descriptive knowledgeable and very funny. Would not recommend this tour for children, none of the drivers even acknowledged our children.
Cons: Very Expensive,Not enough room on board, tour information not very entertaining
★★★★★ A Delightful Time
by w_sully at Citysearch 5 Old Town Trolley Tour-Boston
December 14, 2005
This tour highly exceeded my expectations. The staff was not only friendly and welcoming but highly knowledgable, witty and entertaining. The driver I had was all of these things and more. I learned more in under 2 hours than I could have from any guidebook. Seeing these historical sites up close from a warm and cozy trolley was priceless. I got the 2-day pass and I am so glad I did. If you think about it, it's cheaper than any taxis you'd take and you have on/off priviliges. Highly Recommended.
Pros: Staff, Educational, Locations
by miacomet at Citysearch 5 Old Town Trolley Tour-Boston
May 22, 2002
I recently took some friends from out of town on Old town's tour and we had a great time. Even I learned a lot about the city I never new.
