Tour Across America
It is often hard to choose where to spend your vacation, but when you think about all the things you can do in each state and in each city, you really can’t go wrong.  United States Tours offers things for you to do in every state in the country, including Washington D.C.  There’s no way that you can’t have a great vacation with the vast array of activities and attractions that are at your disposal.  United States Tours and its affiliates are the largest tour operators in the world so there is no doubt that this year’s trip will be the best yet. 
One of the most popular packages that United States Tour provides, out of the 5,000+, is the Alcatraz Tour & San Francisco City Tour .  You will get a comprehensive tour, including bus and ferry transportation, of the beautiful city of San Francisco .  This is an excellent tour as you see all the world renowned sites through San Francisco including Fisherman’s Wharf, Golden Gate Bridge, Chinatown and Union square as well as the notorious federal prison on Alcatraz Island.
Another wonderful option for a vacation activity that United States Tours offers is the New York Spirit Dinner Cruise .  This is a great way to spend an evening after a full day of sightseeing around New York.  You will eat a delicious dinner aboard a luxurious and chic ship.  Your night will be complete with the entertaining music and Broadway-quality performers.  For a break from the exciting festivities, you can stroll along the decks of the magnificent boat and view the best of New York drift by.
On the Nashville City Tour you will see all the major sights of Music City .  This fantastic tour is known for taking you to the best areas in the marvelous city.  You will ride by the historic downtown Nashville, Fort Nashboro, the Parthenon, Music Row, Studio B and beautiful Vanderbilt University.  The tour makes a stop at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum as well as the Ryman Auditorium – the Mother Church of Country Music.  This is a perfect tour for visitors to Nashville who want to see the greatest parts of the city.
An experience unlike any other is Boston Duck Tour and it all begins as you board your sightseeing vehicle, the “DUCK.”  The “DUCK” is an authentic WWII amphibious, meaning it can drive in land and water, vehicle that has been renovated for your comfort.  As Boston is the birthplace of freedom, it is only fitting that you see sights that reflect this while touring Boston.  The golden-domed State House, built on land owned by John Hancock, is highlighted during the tour.  Other locations that will be sighted are Bunker Hill, Boston Common – the oldest park in the country, and Copley Square.  Just when you think the tour has ended and you have seen all Boston has to offer, “SPLASHDOWN” hits.  The DUCK will splash right into the Charles River giving you the chance you receive an incredible view of Boston and Cambridge skylines. 
United States Tours has tours, activities and attraction tickets in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.  By using the services offered you will without a doubt have one of the best vacations of your life.  Reserve your tickets today at United States Tours website, www.unitedstatestours.us . 
 
Posted under California Tours , Massachusetts Tours , New York Tours
This post was written by jennys on November 20, 2008
Wisconsin Dells: Waterpark Capital of the World
Wisconsin Dells is known as the water park capital of the world making it such a fun location to spend your vacation.  Come here for a splash of a good time!
On the Boat Tour of Wisconsin River Upper Dells , you will see some of the area’s most striking sandstone cliffs and some of the tallest rock formations in the region.  During this ride, the boat will stop at Witches Gulch and Stand Rock, two extremely historic shorelandings.  Another similar tour takes you to the Lower Dells of the area where the impact of the glacial age is highlighted.
For a romantic evening under the sunset, try the Sunset Dinner Cruise .  Here you will slowly drift down the quiet Wisconsin River while enjoying a delicious meal with your loved one.  After you have finished your fine meal, take a stroll along the decks of the boat to watch t
he sun set.  The stunning view of the bright ball of fire slowly making its way past the darkened tree line, while creating remarkable reflections of the river water is truly a sight to be seen.
If you are looking for a bit more adventure while staying in the Dells, check out the DUCK Boat Tour .  This is an experience unlike any other and it all begins as you board your sightseeing vehicle, the “DUCK.”  The “DUCK” is an authentic WWII amphibious, meaning it can drive in land and water, vehicle that has been renovated for your comfort. 
Just when you think the tour has ended and you have seen all Wisconsin has to offer, “SPLASHDOWN” hits.  The ConDUCKtor splashes the DUCK right into the Lake Delton giving you the chance you receive even more incredible views.  This is a great experience to consider as there are even more surprises on board!
Wisconsin Dells is a fantastic place to spend some time relaxing away from home.  Make sure you have the perfect vacation by visiting Wisconsin Dells Tours’ website at www.wisconsindellstours.net .
p
Posted under Wisconsin Tours
This post was written by jennys on October 23, 2008
Endless Fun at Stone Mountain Park
Everyone who travels to the Atlanta area should visit Stone Mountain Park .  It is a great theme park with so many activities you could turn it into your whole vacation.  With all of the Park’s attractions, there is something perfect for all ages and all tastes.
On a hot summer day, the most wonderful feeling is dipping into a cool, refreshing pool or lake.  Stone Mountain has a full, manmade lake beach, complete with sand!  You can also ride the pedal boats around the smooth lake or take a splashy ride aboard one of the parks DUCKS.
For a bit more exercise, great during any time of the year, you can hike up the granite mountain, take part in the park’s new SkyHike where you can trek through the treetops, or play some mini-golf.  For a break, you can watch the park’s 4-D movie, take a ride on the riverboat, journey around the mountain by train, or get stunning aerial views from the mountain’s Skyride where you can see the Atlanta skyline and Appalachian Mountains. 
In the evening, dine at one of the many restaurants in the park, like Miss Katie’s, a homemade southern eatery, and then lay back in the lawn to watch the famous laser show.
Every September, the Yellow Daisy Festival is held inside the park grounds with vendors selling their homemade crafts.  Holiday season is a real treat at Stone Mountain; a giant tree of lights is placed on the very top of the mountain and a Christmas train ride will show you all the bright light displays around the mountain which ends with a steaming mug of hot chocolate!
The park has campgrounds and hotels if you decide you want to continue the fun into the next day.  Atlanta Tours offers you a full-day pass to partake in all of the above activities, plus more!  Visit www.atlantatours.us for more information and to book your ticket.
Posted under Georgia Tours
This post was written by jennys on September 9, 2008
