Suffolk University's 18th Annual Family Weekend
Friday, October 12 - Sunday, October 14, 2012
Please check back soon for details on this year's schedule of events.  Check out the sample events below for a taste of what to expect from Family Weekend!
Check-In at the HUB Information Center
Sagan Lobby, Donahue Building
41 Temple Street
Check-in is for all families attending Family Weekend. You will receive materials about the weekend’s events, pick-up all tickets and get information about happenings around town.
Fall Fest '12
Students, faculty and staff share the stage to celebrate Suffolk spirit in this exciting musical extravaganza and fun-filled variety show. Gala reception to follow (Friday night only). Please arrive promptly to secure your seats at this popular event. (Free tickets do not guarantee seating.)
Alternative Break Silent Auction
Support Suffolk's Alternative Break programs by bidding on incredible items donated by local restaurants and businesses.  This auction will help our students who travel throughout the country and around the world to build homes, mentor youths, protect natural resources and spaces, and promote equality and freedom for their fellow citizens.
Boston Duck Tours
Meet at the Gould Shaw Memorial, across from the State House on Beacon Street.
Take a famous Boston Duck Tour through the city on an authentic, renovated World War II amphibious landing vehicle. As the best of Boston unfolds before your eyes, one of the legendary ConDUCKtors will be giving you lots of little known facts and interesting insights about this unique and wonderful city. And just when you think you've seen it all, it’s time for "Splashdown" as your ConDUCKtor splashes your DUCK right into the Charles River for a breathtaking view of the Boston and Cambridge skylines, the kind of view you just won't get anywhere else. For more information about the Duck Tours, please visit http://www.bostonducktours.com/.
Boston Area Walking Tours
Join members of the Suffolk University History Department and the Suffolk University History Society as they lead you through historic Boston with its cobblestone streets and colonial-era neighborhoods. These tours are free with limited space. Please register early.
Study Abroad Information Session Free
Where in the world does your student want to go? Find out more about Suffolk's many foreign study opportunities. Meet alumni of our study-abroad programs and their parents, faculty members, and Office of Study Abroad Programs staff members.
Many more great events to be announced soon!
Hotels book quickly, so please reserve your room early. Please click here for links to information on local area hotels.
We look forward to seeing you in October!
Sponsored by the Office of Orientation and New Student Programs at Suffolk University For more information:
Please contact the Office of Orientation & New Student Programs at:
Tel: 617.573.8321
