 
Are the Boston Duck tours just for tourists?
Sure, the Boston Duck Tours are touristy - but you'll see as many Boston locals on the vehicles as Boston tourists.  Duck tours are a popular way to celebrate promotions, birthdays, graduations, or friendship while  enjoying a cruise through the city and down the river on a beautiful spring, summer, or autumn day. 
Although . . . you don't actually get to just sit back and go for a ride.  Some of the ConDUCTors strongly encourage you to "quack" at people on the street.  And sometimes, the people on the street "quack" back.  At the very least, they usually wave.  Of course, you don't have to do this.  But it's a lot of fun.  After all, how often, as an adult, do you get to quack at strangers?  And kids, of course, love this.
Boston Duck Tours are kind of pricey, but they offer great value.  (See my tips about how to get discounts. )  Not only are they fun, but they're so high off the ground that you have a great vantage spot for seeing the city while someone else drives. 
Insider tips
If you're an avid photographer, try to get onto one of the original 32-passenger Duck Boats and grab an outer end seat in one of the non-enclosed back rows.  These older vehicles are slowly being replaced by new fully-enclosed 36-seat models - comfy on rainy days, but slightly less convenient for photos.
Speaking of rain . . . Duck Tours operate rain or shine - so dress accordingly!  If you're sitting in a non-enclosed back row, you may get  light spray from the river.  Also, the river can be much breezier (and colder) than land. 
Tickets for Boston Duck Tours are non-refundable and non-exchangeable.  If weather conditions prevent the boats from going into the river, half your ticket price will be refunded.  If the whole tour has to be canceled (a severe thunderstorm sometimes causes cancellations), you'll get a full refund.
Should you buy your ticket in advance?  Well, there are trade-offs.  Pros: You avoid waiting in line to purchase a ticket, plus you can book your preferred time.  Cons: If the weather turns nasty or your schedule changes, you're still committed to the trip.
Tours last about 80 minutes, and don't make stops.  If you have children of the age where bathroom needs can be unpredictable (that period after they're out of diapers but before they've learned to anticipate, um, coming events) you may want to either pop a pull-up on them or wait until they're a bit older. 
Essentials:  Boston Duck Tours
Schedule:  Tours operate daily from late March through late November, and on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays in December. 
Departure points and closest T stations:  Museum of Science (Green Line/Lechmere), Prudential Center (Green Line/Prudential), New England Aquarium (Blue Line/Aquarium)
Where to buy tickets:  Prudential Center shopping arcade (you'll see signs), Back Bay; Museum of Science (near Gift Shop), West End; New England Aquarium (starting in late April, near Whale Watch booth), Downtown Waterfront; Bostix booth near Faneuil Hall, Downtown.
Cost:  Adults $33, Students/65+/Military $27, Children 3-11 $22, Children <3 $10. 
How to get a Boston  Duck Tour for free:   The GoBoston Discount Pass  lets you ride for free
Other Boston Duck Tour  discounts:  If you buy your ticket at Pru Center, you'll get coupons offering a couple of dollars off admission to the Museum of Science and the Aquarium.   If you buy them at the Museum of Science, you'll get a discount coupon  for Museum of Science admission.  Likewise, buy your ticket at the Aquarium and you'll get a discount coupon just for the Aquarium. 
For more information: 617-267-3825; website
Compare Duck Tour savings with Boston discount cards
Looking for more Boston tour and sightseeing ideas?  
For another wonderful boat ride up and down the Charles River, take a Charles River Cruise
