analysis
whether
competitor's mark containing the same component is likely to create confusion." Id. As noted above, a generic term is one whose
"primary significance . . . to the relevant public" is as an identifier of the nature of a good, rather than its source. Def., 486 F.3d at 705; see also 15 U.S.C. § 1064(3). Colt
A question of
fact, 2 McCarthy, supra, § 12:12, "the district court's finding
Although the concurrence suggests otherwise, our evaluation of whether the phrase "duck tours" is generic in the course of evaluating the strength of Boston Duck's composite mark does not contravene the well-established "anti-dissection rule." As McCarthy notes in the same section that the concurring opinion cites, "[I]t is not a violation of the anti-dissection rule to view the component parts of conflicting composite marks as a preliminary step on the way to an ultimate determination of probable customer reaction to the conflicting composites as a whole." 3 McCarthy, supra, § 23:41. Our ultimate comparison is between the parties' composite marks. -25-
20
[that the phrase is nongeneric] . . . [is] subject to review only for clear error," Boston Beer Co. v. Slesar Bros. Brewing Co., 9 F.3d 175, 180 (1st Cir. 1993). Recognizing the deference owed to the district court and the inherent time pressures a court faces when deciding complex matters at the preliminary injunction phase, we nevertheless
conclude that the court committed clear error by finding that the phrase "duck tours" is nongeneric. In undertaking its analysis,
the district court did not identify and apply the appropriate legal standard in this case. As a result, its factual conclusion on the
genericism question was erroneous. i. The Legal Standard In undertaking the genericism analysis, the court
overlooked relevant evidence in the record on the genericism question. Tasked with determining the "primary significance" of
the phrase at issue "to the relevant public," the law instructs courts to consider several factors when undertaking this analysis: (1) consumer surveys; (2) the use of the term in media
publications, (3) use of the term by competitors in the industry, (4) purchaser use testimony of the concerning term. Colt the term; 486 and F.3d (5) at the 705.
plaintiff's
Def.,
Nevertheless, as noted above, the court relied exclusively on one dictionary definition of "duck" to reach the conclusion that "duck tours" is nongeneric. Although the presence or absence of a word
-26-
in the dictionary, and its corresponding meaning(s), is evidence of how the public perceives a term, Surgicenters of Am., Inc. v. Med. Dental Surgeries, Co., 601 F.2d 1011, 1015 n.11 (9th Cir. 1979) ("While not determinative, dictionary definitions are relevant and often persuasive in determining how a term is understood by the consuming public, the ultimate test of whether a trademark is generic . . . ."), it is only one of many factors to consider. touchstone of the analysis remains the phrase's The
primary
significance to the relevant public. In addition, the district court focused on the separate terms "duck" and "tours," not the entire phrase. See Filipino
Yellow Pages, Inc. v. Asian Journal Publ'ns., Inc., 198 F.3d 1143, 1150 (9th Cir. 1999) (finding that the genericism analysis should be conducted by looking at an entire mark rather than dissecting it into its smaller parts). Rather than analyzing each word
separately, thereby altering the context of the inquiry, the court should have considered "duck tours" as a unified phrase. As courts have found in related contexts, a complete phrase may signify something different than the sum of its parts. See AmCan Enters.,
Inc. v. Renzi, 32 F.3d 233, 234 (7th Cir. 1994) ("yellow pages" generic for a business telephone directory); American Express Co. v. Mastercard Int'l. Inc., 685 F. Supp. 76, 78 (S.D.N.Y. 1988) ("gold card" generic for credit card services). The district
court's decision to focus exclusively on the individual elements of
-27-
the phrase, and each word's respective dictionary definition,21 removed the inquiry from its proper context and tainted the overall analysis. ii. Because the district Application court misapprehended the legal
framework governing the genericism inquiry, its ultimate factual conclusion that "duck tours" is nongeneric was necessarily
erroneous as well.
In reaching its conclusion, the district court
did not consider evidence in the record suggesting that the phrase "duck tour" is generic for the amphibious, sightseeing tours offered by both parties. Specifically, the court did not consider
three types of evidence typically considered integral to the genericism determination: uses (1) by the media and other third parties, (2) within the industry generally, and (3) by Boston Duck itself. With respect to the first type of relevant evidence, the district court overlooked articles in the media and other thirdparty sources that use the phrase "duck tours" generically to refer to amphibious, sightseeing tours. For example, a Boston Globe
article from 2002 notes that rather than walking around Portland,
We acknowledge that when assessing the dictionary definition of a phrase, it may be necessary to define the individual elements of the phrase and then combine those definitions to ascertain the meaning of the phrase as a whole. In these circumstances, however, the dictionary definition becomes less helpful for determining the public significance of the entire phrase. -28-
21
Maine on foot, a visitor may use "town trolleys, duck tours, and harbor cruises." Artists Craft Beth Greenberg, Tattoos and Views The Best-Known Their Designs in Some of the Region's Most
Interesting Cities, Boston Globe, Oct. 13, 2002, at M13. Another Boston Globe article published in 1997 used the phrase generically, but in a different context. In asserting that the Boston mayor
needed to manage traffic issues better in the city, the author wrote: "It is important that city government remembers that it owns the streets. Tour buses, ersatz trolleys, and amphibious duck
tours need to have their routes and parking carefully examined." Lawrence S. DiCara, Running Against Himself; Mayor Menino's Real Race will be to Forge a Legacy after Reelection Tuesday, Boston Globe, Nov. 2, 1997, at C1. These articles from Boston join many
others from around the country which use "duck tours" in a generic manner. See, e.g., Schwan's IP, LLC v. Kraft Pizza Co., 460 F.3d
971, 975 (8th Cir. 2006) (discussing the relevance of newspaper articles using the phrase "brick oven" to name a type of pizza rather than a specific brand). Second, the court overlooked the widespread generic use of "duck" and "duck tours" by other companies around the country that provide the same amphibious sight-seeing services. According
to the record, there are at least 36 companies in operation today that provide tour services in cities around the United States and the world. Of these 36 tours described in the record, 32 include
-29-
the term "duck" in their company or trade name, and more than 10 use both the terms "duck" and "tour(s)" in their trade name. Many
of these companies characterize their own services generically as "duck tours." Taken together, this evidence indicates that when
consumers hear the term "duck tours," they associate it primarily with a product rather than a source. See Colt Def., 486 F.3d at
706 ("This evidence is probative of generic use because '[t]he more members of the public see a term used by competitors in the field, the less likely they will be to identify the term with one particular producer.'" (quoting Classic Foods Int'l Corp. v. Kettle Foods, Inc., 468 F. Supp. 2d 1181, 1190 (C.D. Cal. 2007))
(alteration in original)); Schwan's IP, 460 F.3d at 975 (finding generic use of a term by a company's competitors is indicative of public perception). Finally, the district court did not consider Boston Duck's own generic use of the phrase "duck tour," which provides strong evidence against its claim that the term is primarily associated with its company rather than the services it provides. See Retail Servs., Inc. v. Freebies Publ'g, 364 F.3d 535, 545 (4th Cir. 2004) ("[E]vidence of the owner's generic use, in particular, 'is strong evidence of genericness.'" (quoting 2 McCarthy, supra, § 12:13)). On its website, the company notes that "[c]ontrary to
local belief, the unique idea of a [d]uck [t]our did not originate in Boston. Duck operations have been in existence in the Midwest
-30-
for decades, and in fact, continue to thrive.
What we did,
however, is take a unique product and improve and enhance it, while at the same time bringing it to a major metropolitan city." Boston Duck Tours, See
http://www.bostonducktours.com/ Although
company_history_main.html (last visited March 31, 2008).
Boston Duck is quick to point out the introductory clause to its website statement, which asserts that the local population believes Boston Duck is the only provider of "duck tours," this speculative statement about what the Boston population believes is largely irrelevant for purposes of our analysis. The two sentences, and
the website more generally, are published by Boston Duck to inform consumers in the Boston area and around the world about the company's history and services. Accordingly, the site instructs
these customers that the phrase "duck tours" is the common phrase used to describe amphibious sightseeing tours rather than Boston Duck's product alone. In addition, several articles submitted by Boston Duck to the district court to establish the company's fame and recognition provide evidence of the company's generic use of the phrase "duck tours" and an unwitting acknowledgment of the generic nature of the phrase. In a Business Week article from 1998, the author states
that "[a]t the time [when the founder of Boston Duck came up with the idea], there were only two other Duck tours in the country." Edith Hill Updike, A Nice Business Built on Being Nice, Business
-31-
Week, Sept. 14, 1998, at 10.
In a similar article describing the
history of Boston Duck in Boston Business Journal, the writer states that "[d]uck tours have been popular for decades in the Lake Country of Wisconsin and in southern resort towns." Lauren John,
Rough Road to Amphibious Landing on the Charles, Boston Business Journal, June 30, 1995. Indeed, all of this evidence, especially the widespread use of "duck" and "duck tours" by companies in the industry, indicates that no other the "commonly sightseeing used" and effective parties
"alternative[s]" offer. (3d
services
both
See A.J. Canfield Co. v. Honickman, 808 F.2d 291, 305-06 1986). Although alternatives do exist, such as
Cir.
"amphibious tours," none have been widely adopted in the industry. Unlike "duck tours," they fail to describe the services accurately and concisely. See Bayer Co. v. United Drug Co., 272 F. 505, 511
(S.D.N.Y. 1921) (finding "Aspirin" generic in part because the public did not accept the alternative names to describe the
product); Ty Inc. v. Softbelly's, Inc., 353 F.3d 528, 532 (7th Cir. 2003) ("[B]ecause 'beanies' is so much shorter and punchier than the alternatives that have emerged so far for designating the product, such as 'plush beanbag animals,' Ty may be fighting a losing war to keep its 'Beanies' trademark from becoming 'beanies' a generic term."). Because of the lack of adequate alternatives,
"duck tours" -- the most common and accepted term to describe the
-32-
services at issue -- may not be appropriated for one party's exclusive use. To grant Boston Duck exclusive rights to use the
phrase in the Boston area would be to erect a barrier of entry into the marketplace, thereby preventing other entities, such as Super Duck, from calling their product by its name. Super Duck, as well
as other potential competitors, would be placed at a significant market disadvantage. See Devan R. Desai & Sandra L. Rierson,
Confronting the Genericism Conundrum, 28 Cardozo L. Rev. 1789, 1851 (2007). iii. Boston Duck's Counter-Arguments Seeking to convince us that the district court's
nongenericism determination was not clearly erroneous, Boston Duck raises a raft of arguments in support of its position that "duck tours" is nongeneric. Boston Duck asserts that the significant
evidence of actual confusion by consumers in the marketplace between the marks BOSTON DUCK TOURS and SUPER DUCK TOURS indicates that the phrase "duck tour" possesses source-identifying
attributes. consumers
Confusion could not arise, Boston Duck argues, unless "duck tours" with Boston Duck's services
associate
specifically. Second, Boston Duck argues that the numerous records showing that the PTO has processed trademark applications for services similar to those provided by both parties without
requiring a disclaimer of the term "duck" or the phrase "duck tour" suggest that the terms are neither generic nor descriptive. Third,
-33-
Boston Duck claims that Super Duck should not be permitted to claim that "duck tours" is generic now given its previous stance before the PTO that neither the term "duck" nor the phrase "super duck tours" was generic or descriptive. Finally, Boston Duck argues
that the dictionary definitions indicate that "duck" is nongeneric. We address each argument in turn. (a) Consumer Confusion Although the documentation provided by Boston Duck
establishes numerous instances of consumer confusion between the services provided by the parties, the confusion alone suggests little about whether the term "duck tours" is generic. The
confusion that Boston Duck cites can easily be attributed to Boston Duck's status as the exclusive purveyor of amphibious tours in the Boston area for over a decade rather than the source-identifying attributes of the phrase "duck tours." designed to prevent consumer Although trademark law is between inherently
confusion
distinctive marks or descriptive marks that have acquired secondary meaning, it is not intended to prevent confusion between two similar, generic marks, see Blinded Veterans Ass'n v. Blinded Am. Veterans Found., 872 F.2d 1035, 1043-45 (D.C. Cir. 1989), or, relatedly, between marks when one mark has acquired a "de facto secondary meaning" through its exclusive use of a generic term that causes customers to associate the term with that specific source, see Am. Online, Inc. v. AT & T Corp., 243 F.3d 812, 822 (4th Cir.
-34-
2001) ("[T]he repeated use of ordinary words functioning within the heartland of their ordinary meaning, and not distinctively, cannot give AOL a proprietary right over those words, even if an
association develops between the words and AOL."); 1 McCarthy, supra, § 7:66. Boston Duck's evidence of actual confusion,
therefore, has little probative value on the question of whether the phrase "duck tours" is generic. (b) PTO Treatment Boston Duck overstates the weight a court must give to the decisions of the PTO regarding disclaimers. Although the PTO
Examining Attorney is obligated to consider whether a disclaimer is appropriate for each application reviewed, the decision remains a discretionary choice rather than a conclusive legal determination. See In re Creative Goldsmiths of Wash., Inc., 229 U.S.P.Q. 766, 768 (T.T.A.B. 1986) ("[W]e conclude that it is within the discretion of an Examining Attorney to require the disclaimer of an unregistrable component (such as a common descriptive, or generic, name) of a composite mark sought to be registered on the Principal Register under the provisions of Section 2(f)."); see also Trademark Manual of Examining Procedure, § 1213(a)-(c) (5th ed. 2007). Therefore,
a decision by the PTO to either require a disclaimer or not is merely a single piece of evidence in the court's overall genericism analysis. See In re Nat'l Data Corp., 753 F.2d 1056, 1059 (Fed.
Cir. 1985) ("The power of the PTO to accept or require disclaimers
-35-
is discretionary under the statute, and its practice over the years has been far from consistent. Thus, it is inappropriate to give the presence or absence of a disclaimer any legal significance."
(internal citation omitted)). Moreover, although Boston Duck invokes several relevant trademark applications where no disclaimer of "duck" or "duck tours" was required, other applications include such disclaimers. For
example, an entity named Liberty Duck Tours, LLC22 maintains several pending applications for the phrase LIBERTY DUCK TOURS that disclaim exclusive use of the phrase "duck tours."23 Further, because "[t]he
crucial date for the determination of genericness is the date on which the alleged infringer entered the market with the disputed mark or term," Yellow Cab Co. of Sacramento v. Yellow Cab of Elk Grove, Inc., 419 F.3d 925, 928 (9th Cir. 2005) -- here, late 2006 and early 2007 -- the evidence put forward by Boston Duck of the PTO's past treatment of applications has only limited relevance to the district court's inquiry. The PTO's most recent decision on
this issue is its treatment of the applications for LIBERTY DUCK Liberty Duck Tours, LLC has not yet commenced use of its mark in connection with duck tours or other products. The applications were filed on an intent-to-use basis without any first-use date provided. See 15 U.S.C. § 1051(b). Although Liberty Duck Tours decided to disclaim the phrase "duck tour" in each of its trademark applications for LIBERTY DUCK TOUR, the PTO informed the company that it need not maintain the disclaimer for its application in connection with clothing items. Nevertheless, the PTO did not give Liberty Duck Tour the same option to remove the disclaimer from its application for LIBERTY DUCK TOURS in connection with sightseeing tour services. -3623 22
TOURS, which were considered by the PTO only last year, and which, at least in connection with the sightseeing services at issue in this case, contain a disclaimer for the phrase "duck tours." (c) Estoppel Super Duck is not foreclosed from arguing now that the term "duck" or the phrase "duck tours" is generic because it argued to the contrary several years ago in front of the PTO. That
contrary argument is simply another factor in the evidentiary mix. See Keebler, 624 F.2d at 375 n.7 (allowing the defendant to argue in an infringement action that plaintiff's mark was generic despite a previous attempt to register the mark under the Puerto Rico trademark statute); Am. Rice, Inc. v. H.I.T. Corp., 231 U.S.P.Q. 793, 798 (T.T.A.B. 1986) ("It is clear that while these earlier positions [of the party] may be considered as evidence, no equitable estoppel may be derived from earlier inconsistent positions."
(internal citations omitted)). (d) Dictionary Definitions As already noted, the dictionary definitions in the record are not conclusive on the question of public perception. Duck offered the definitions of "duck" from several Boston common
dictionaries, none of which includes a reference to amphibious World War II vehicles. Conversely, Super Duck offered a single definition of "duck" from the Oxford English Reference Dictionary, which states that a duck is an "amphibious landing-craft." Because dictionary
-37-
