“Best Part of the Trip for the Whole Group”
Reviewed May 23, 2012
Friends and family from four different states, plus a few of us town folk who had never been on the duck tour, and after the weekend of fun events, it was unanimous that the duck tour was the best part of the weekend. Captain Guido was incredibly informative and tons of fun. I cannot recommend it enough for seeing and understanding Boston. Also, if you're lucky, you get to drive the boat.
Visited May 2012
Was this review helpful? Yes
Problem with this review?
This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
Kate Couillard, Guest Relations Manager at Boston Duck Tours, responded to this review
May 30, 2012
Thank you for taking the time to post your review. I will be sure to let "Guido" know how much you enjoyed the tour. We hope to see you again soon!
Report response as inappropriate
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
Leona S
Ogdensburg, New Jersey, United States
1 review
“Quacktastic time!”
Reviewed May 22, 2012
We have been to Boston many times in the last 4 years while our daughter has been attending college at BU and always said we wanted to do the tour. At last we took the time and did it! There were 5 of us and we followed the directions provided by the web sight and arrived at the Pru at the designated time and relaxed and enjoyed ourselves until it was time to leave. CPT Duck Tape was our driver/guide and he was not only knowledgable, but engaged everyone and made it a point to address different groups of people on our tour. When we got into the Charles he invited the kids to come up, one at a time, and let them wear his hat and glasses and sit in his chair, they were thrilled. Then, he invited the BU graduates on the tour to do the same thing and they had even more fun than the kids! What a kind and considerate thing for him to do!!
I would highly recommend this tour for everyone coming to Boston!!
Visited May 2012
Was this review helpful? Yes
Problem with this review?
This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
welshpembrokecorgi
