next
You've never toured Boston in anything that comes close to Boston Duck Tours. The fun begins as soon as you board your "DUCK", a W.W.II style amphibious landing vehicle. First, you'll be greeted by one of our legendary tour ConDUCKtors, who'll be narrating your tour. Then you're off on a journey like you've never had before. You'll cruise by all the places that make Boston the birthplace of freedom and a city of firsts, from the golden-domed State House to Bunker Hill and the TD Banknorth Garden, Boston Common and Copley Square to the Big Dig, Government Center to fashionable Newbury Street, Quincy Market to the Prudential Tower, and more. And, as the best of Boston unfolds before your eyes, your ConDUCKtor will be giving you lots of little known facts and interesting insights about our unique and wonderful city.
And just when you think you've seen it all, there's more. It's time for "Splashdown" as your ConDUCKtor splashes your DUCK right into the Charles River for a breathtaking view of the Boston and Cambridge skylines, the kind of view you just won't get anywhere else.
So take the ride of your life. Hop on a Boston Duck Tour!
Please note that our departure location for our 2012 season will be the Prudential Center and Museum of Science.
Groups refer to 20 or more, excluding children under three and infants from final count. So the departure date is subject to change.
Reservation for this tour is Non-Refundable and Non-Exchangeable.
 
Top
Vouchers may be redeemed at any ticket booth located at the Prudential Center(53 Huntington Ave., Boston, 02116), Museum of Science(Science Park, Boston, 02114) up to 30 days in advance of the tour date. Please be aware that we often sell out by 12:00 noon during  our peak season (June - August) and on weekends throughout  the year.
Please arrive 30 minutes prior to the tour.
Spring/Summer: wear lightweight clothing and comfortable shoes.
Fall/Winter: wear layered clothing in the winter to ensure comfort in the cold weather.
Reservation Process and E-Ticket
Top
1.Immediately after submitting your reservation you will receive a Receipt of Reservation via email.
2. Within one to two business days of submitting your reservation you will receive a confirmation email from us. If you need to book an airline ticket, we recommend that you do so after you receive a confirmation of your tour reservation from us.
3. An E-Ticket will be sent to you via email as soon as details of your reservation is confirmed or your supporting information is received by us. We will provide you with all detailed information about your tour on the E-Ticket. Contact information for local tour provider will be included on E-Ticket for your convenience or re-confirmation purpose if re-confirmation is required.
4. Simply print your E-Ticket and present it with your valid photo ID on the day of your activity to your tour guide. Please remember E-Ticket is your proof of purchase.
 
