Boston North End Little Italy Food Tour
Book your Boston food tour today through
Call (800)-979-3370
Tours often sell out quickly!
BOOK IN ADVANCE TO GUARANTEE YOUR SPOT!
Check availability & buy tickets:
Boston North End Little Italy Food Tour
Or call Zerve at: (800)-979-3370 or (212) 209-3370 (int'l)
Yummy Walks North End Little Italy Food Tour is a leisurely-paced walking tour that carves a path through the streets of the charming North End.
Boston North End Little Italy Food Tour
In the North End, the streets are narrow and compact, and there is history – Old North Church, Paul Revere's house, burial grounds – seemingly around every corner. The neighborhood is packed with restaurants, virtually all of them Italian, and the locals carefully maintain their deeply-rooted ties to Italian culture.
This is the oldest urban neighborhood in America.  The air is fragrant with the fresh ocean breeze and scents of coffee houses, bakeries, and restaurants, as we wind our way through the scenic narrow streets.
Our friendly and engaging guides will take you to several North End venues where you will have an opportunity to sample delectable foods and meet those who craft these culinary delights. Along the way, you will learn about the colorful history of the North End.
We visit food shops, restaurants and bakers.  Best of all you'll meet the people whose families have traded in the area for generations and still produce wonderful food. And we also meet those bringing new international tastes and food ideas to the table.
Our gentle stroll has lots of stops with frequent, generous tastings along the way. We point out good places for lunch or dinner, though after all the tastings it's very unlikely you'll need lunch.
Soak in the history and culture of the North End and enjoy delicious foods in this historic neighborhood while on our Food Tours in Boston!
Even if you think you know Boston, our Food Tours in Boston will show you food establishments you've never noticed before.
They say that one of the best ways to get to know a place is with your taste buds. Yummy Walks takes that sentiment seriously, so loosen that belt and don't spoil your appetite.
For more details about the eateries and shops you will experience on the North End Little Italy Food Tour click on the link.
Do you have additional questions about our tours? Find the answers to our guests most common questions on the Yummy Walks Food Tour FAQ .
Boston is known as "America's Walking City". We think walking is the best way to truly experience a neighborhood. Our tours highlight different neighborhoods that are filled with history, interesting architecture, and wonderful restaurants and markets.
Our food tours in Boston explore the Freedom Trail,  the North End,  and the Seaport District.
Connect with Us:
Food Tours
in Boston
