Collections • Boat
After Duck-boat tragedy, a river of questions awaits
July 09, 2010|This story was reported by staff writers Stephanie Farr, Josh Fernandez, Regina Medina, Christine Olley and Michelle Skowronek. It was written by Will Bunch
Image 1 of 4
View Gallery
An image captured from TV shows the moment when a barge dubbed "The Resource"…
AS THE Coast Guard called off its search for the two young Hungarians believed to be dead in Wednesday's Duck-boat incident, questions continued to swirl about why the boat stalled and why some passengers weren't wearing life vests.
Meanwhile, in Boston a company offering a comparable land-and-river junket called Boston Duck Tours was not only in the water yesterday, but saw no drop-off in its business.
"When everything comes through, it will be found it [the crash in Philadelphia] was a freak accident with just bad timing and bad placement," predicted Cindy Brown, general manager of the Boston company.
But here in Philadelphia, the investigation into how the 250-foot barge - which carries sludge to a city recycling center - plowed into the disabled Ride the Ducks boat with 37 people aboard Wednesday afternoon was just gaining steam.
Story continues below.
The Coast Guard suspended the search-and-rescue mission for the missing Hungarians at 6:55 p.m. yesterday, saying there was no chance the two could have survived.
Officials with the company that operates the amphibious watercraft provided insight into one aspect of the tragedy, regarding the engine problems that caused the Duck boat to shut down in the eventual path of the barge.
Chris Herschend, president of Atlanta-based Ride the Ducks, said there have been four other incidents of Duck-boat engines here overheating or having "symptoms" of overheating since May - although each occurred on land.
"I don't want to speculate, but the frequency, though, does not raise alarms in my mind as I look at it," Herschend insisted, noting the record temperatures on Wednesday afternoon. "It does appear to be an incident yesterday in particular with the extreme heat in Philadelphia with an overheating engine, which I think other motorists and mariners can share is not uncommon."
Herschend stressed that the vessel, Duck 34, had passed its inspections. "This boat has been inspected, frequently, twice daily, and we have no record of any problems with this boat prior," he said.
But Ride the Ducks has suspended operations nationwide until it learns more about the causes of the accident and takes any necessary corrective measures.
The Duck boat was about an hour into its journey when the engine malfunctioned. Passengers were waiting for help when the massive barge traveling north on the Delaware struck at 2:39 p.m.
There was ongoing confusion yesterday over whether the Duck-boat crew had sent a radio-distress signal.
