Cindy Brown, General Manager at Boston Duck Tours
Hi Cindy! What can you tell us about the history of Boston Duck Tours?
We’ve been around since 1994 when we started with 4 Ducks and 15 employees. Now we’ve grown to 28 Ducks and 125 employees.  When we started, the idea of a Duck Tour was a foreign concept. We had to beg tourists to give us a try… thankfully they all seemed to enjoy it. It took Founder Andy Wilson 2 years to get the company opened with over 30 required permits… now that’s determination.
Wow, 28 Ducks! Do they require a lot of maintenance?
Kenmore Karla splashing in the Charles River
Yes, the vehicles do require a lot of maintenance, and as a result, we’re in the process of replacing the originals with newer WWII style vehicles built from scratch. We have a massive garage facility in Dorchester with 18 full time mechanics and detailers. They service the vehicles at the end of the day to ensure that they’re ready to roll the following day. They do an amazing job under somewhat stressful conditions.
What do you like most about being the general manager of Boston Duck Tours?
I love the variety of duties that my job requires. Some days I’m traveling to sales conferences throughout the country, other times I’m spending time with local political figures, neighborhood and tourism associations. I also work to support our philanthropies – clean water and education. This involves trying to raise funds for our causes, cleaning the Charles River, and speaking to/mentoring students. Of course there are the day-to-day issues with guests, staff and operations.  Every day is different and that keeps me challenged year after year.
What did you do before you started working for Boston Duck Tours?
I worked at The Boston Company, an investment management firm, first in the limited partnership group, then in the mutual fund group. The head of our limited partnership group was Andy Wilson, the Founder of Boston Duck Tours. That’s where we met. When he started Boston Duck Tours, he called and offered me the job of Marketing Director.
Your drivers/guides are very entertaining. Where do you find them?
We find them all over the place. Each year we have an open call – similar to an audition. The applicants must have either a captain’s license or documented water time on a boat (and the ability to get a US Coast Guard captain’s license). Then we judge them on their ability to perform in front of a bunch of other applicants and current employees.  Once they have the water requirements, the next priority is personality and ability to entertain.  Finally, they must learn to drive the Duck and learn the extensive history of Boston.
Boston Duck Tours has provided the parade motorcade transportation for Boston’s championship sports teams (i.e., the Red Sox, Patriots and Celtics).  What’s that been like?
Red Sox World Series Championship Parade
It’s simply amazing! The most stressful and the most amazing days we’ve had at Boston Duck Tours. It’s such a huge honor to be trusted to carry the champions through the City and we take the responsibility very seriously.  It’s also a huge employee perk for our staff members who are driving and helping with the Rolling Rally.  The only team we haven’t had the pleasure of carrying yet is the Bruins – hopefully this year!
Can you tell us about some of the funny moments that have occurred with customers over the years?
We have so many funny and memorable moments. One ConDUCKtor met his wife on a tour and proposed on a Duck with a huge sign on the Museum of Science that they saw when cruising on the Charles River. One ConDUCKtor saved a man who tried to take his life by jumping from the Longfellow Bridge.  We’ve done some great promotions where we had a clown from the Big Apple Circus water skiing off a Duck and another when we had a “shark” chasing a Duck on the Charles for the New England Aquarium. We’ve done commercials for Jordan’s Furniture with a ConDUCKtor sleeping in the back of the Duck on a mattress. Finally we have many celebrities take the tour – a thrill for our staff. Jimmy Buffet took a Duck to his concert at Fenway Park and the film of them arriving was played on the jumbo-tron at the show.
What’s something interesting that most people don’t know about Boston Duck Tours?
People often ask about how the Ducks get their names. In the past we often had “Name the Duck” contests where local children sent in names for our new vehicles. It was always fun to read through the submissions and pick the winners. Kids and their families were invited in to christen the Duck (with Cold Duck) and take a tour with their family.
What’s the future hold for Boston Duck Tours?
We are trying hard to maintain and always improve the high level of quality we expect from our staff and that we provide for our guests. It takes a lot of work to operate this type of company and it requires everyone to do their best – the Sales Reps to sell tickets, the Guest Service Reps to board the Ducks, the Mechanics to service the Ducks and of course the ConDUCKtors to entertain the guests. We’re always trying to do all that we do better.
For more info about Boston Duck Tours, please visit…
