More from: wowzzers.com
This RC Duck Tour Boat is a replica of an amphibious Boston Duck Tour Boat. Here is a little history of the DUKW amphibious vehicle. During the early days of World War ll, the allies were faced with a tough tactical problem:... See more »
This RC Duck Tour Boat is a replica of an amphibious Boston Duck Tour Boat. Here is a little history of the DUKW amphibious vehicle. During the early days of World War ll, the allies were faced with a tough tactical problem: how could they unload cargo and men from their ships in places where the dock facilities had been destroyed or simply did not exist? The answer was to unload cargo directly over the beach. But how? The demands of war, along with technical know-how and old fashioned Yankee ingenuity combined to create the perfect solution: a vehicle that was half boat and half truck that could run on land and water. Code-named DUKW (see where we get the name?), the first "DUCK" was actually a GMC truck enclosed in a water-tight shell. It wasn't long before DUKWs were playing a crucial role in the allied invasions in Sicily, the Pacific, and the biggest invasion of all, D-Day. In fact, more than 40% of all over-beach supplies in Normandy were transported by DUKWs during the first four months. So today, you're not only having the ride of your life, you're riding on a proud part of American history. Boston Duck Tours operates a fleet of restored World War II era DUKWs. These amphibious vehicles played an important role in both the European and Pacific theaters of the war. Now, Boston Duck Tours and Boston's Museum of Science have teamed up to present the history of these remarkable vehicles. A special exhibit will include a history of the DUKW, photographs, posters, and vintage film. General Motors built 21,000 DUKWs during the war. The display will also include a fully restored Seep. It looks like a miniature DUKW but is actually one of 12,000 amphibious Jeeps built by the Ford Motor Company during World War II. This RC Duck Tour Boat does exactly what the real thing does. It goes on land and water! With full function RC feature, it is really fun to play with. It also makes a perfect collector's item. » Product Requires • Battery for Transmitter 1 x 9V battery (not included) • Battery for Vehicle 8 x 'AA' batteries (not included) • Dimension: 14.0 x 6.5 x 7.25 inches See less »
$54.99 available at wowzzers.com
