Day Tours in Boston, MA
Boston is one of America's most important historical cities and is, itself, a monument to this country's tender beginnings as a small cluster of colonies. As such, there's an awful lot to see and if you're not sure where to start, book yourself a tour and have someone show you what Boston has to offer.
Freedom Trail
Ask any native Bostonian about which tours to take and you almost always hear about the Freedom Trail. This historic walking path begins at the Boston Common Visitor Center and progresses to Faneuil Hall and up to the North End. There are paid guided tours offered throughout the year, nine a day from spring through the end of autumn. If you prefer to go it alone, drop by the Visitor Center for a free map and pamphlet.
Boston Duck Tours
Even if you're only in Boston for a couple of hours between spring and winter, you will see one of these ducks driving around or floating up and down the Charles River below the Longfellow Bridge. Boston Duck Tours owns a small fleet of amphibious vehicles that depart from the Prudential Center, Museum of Science or the Boston Aquarium and take guests throughout the city for an unforgettable tour. There are two different tours, one that lasts 55 minutes and another that lasts 80 minutes.
Beantown Trolley Tours
If you see a big red bus in the shape of an old train car in the streets of Boston, that's one of the Beantown Trolleys. These tours are as long or as short as you want them to be. You pay a one time fee for an all-day pass that allows you to get on or off any trolley at any of the 20 stops on the tour route. The tour is narrated and if you want to get a closer look at any of the attractions, you can hop off at the nearest stop and hop on the next trolley 20 minutes later. The trolleys run from morning until the late afternoon.
Boston Party Tours
Once the sun goes down and all the museums and historical attractions close for the day, why not take a tour of what Boston's nightlife scene has to offer on a party bus? Picture a small nightclub on wheels complete with sound system, lighting effects, refreshments and flat screen TVs. Boston Party Tours offers several different packages for bachelor or bachelorette parties, pub crawls or your own customized party tour for prom, sporting events or other special occasions.
References
