The One & Only Boston Chocolate Tour
 
 
What do Tollhouse cookies, hot fudge sundaes, and the first chocolate factory in the U.S. have in common? The answer: they all started out in or near Boston. Join Old Town Trolley Tours for a flavorful afternoon as you sample chocolate creations from some of the finest culinary landmarks in Boston. The fully-narrated, three-hour journey of decadent desserts and fun facts features tempting visits to Top of the Hub Restaurant, the historic Omni Parker House Hotel and The Langham, Boston. 
The One & Only Boston Chocolate Tour has been featured on  "Phantom Gourmet," "Chronicle" and "TV Diner." Each tour features a special "Character Chef" who theatrically imparts sweet wisdom while guiding guests on their flavor-filled journey.
Our first stop, Top of the Hub, sits 52 floors up in the Prudential Center in Back Bay. Here you’ll taste a “chocolate surprise” while you enjoy the captivating view of the city skyline. The featured dessert changes every week at this award-winning restaurant. Next up is the Omni Parker House Hotel, the oldest continually operated hotel in the U.S. Since the Boston Cream Pie was first
made at the Omni, there’s no better place to try a unique presentation! However, make sure you save room for the last stop on the tour, The Langham Hotel. This year's theme at The Langham is "Boston's famous Neighborhoods" including the North End, Fanueil Hall, Chinatown, Back Bay, Beacon Hill, the South End and Boston's Historic Ballpark.  Examples of just some of the desserts will be Bittersweet Chocolate Mousse, Italian cookies, Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding,  Chocolate Maple Pecan Tartlets, Dessert "Sushi", Five Spice Chocolate Soup, Mango and White Chocolate Pudding.
As the trolley travels between restaurant locations, Tour Conductors and the on-board Character Chefs will share mouth-watering chocolate-related trivia. The Chocolate Tour is great for visitors and residents alike, all you need is a sweet tooth!
Additional sweets and surprises provided by Taza Chocolates, Necco Candy Factory and Beacon Hill Chocolates.
 
A sweet choice for Christmas.
Holiday gift certificates available now!
 
