2008 Mahindra 5525, 1964 MF-135 diesel, 1951 Farmall Super A, 1951 Miinneapolis Moline BF
Re: Shed Foundation Advice Wanted
Originally Posted by connor77
Need to replace a 16 x 10 shed that I have with something more meaningful. More like 20 x 16 and with taller walls. I'm in the Northeast (MA) and the most intimidating decision I have right now is what to use for a foundation. I've done a little reading and research and had a quick discussion with the building inspector. If I were to use sonotubes I'd need 20 of them to adhere to code. That's a lot of digging even with a rental tool of some kind. A builder doing some work on a neighbor's house suggested a slab but I don't think that's legal based on needing to go below the frost line. I've seen lots of threads on pole barns but I don't think something like that would apply to me (no horses and don't need anything that big - just storing tractor, yard stuff, misc).
My shed is just a gable style with an adequate wall height so I can get by BX in it without my ROPS hitting something. I do want to use full dimension lumber because I like how it looks and it's obviously beefier. Will probably do joists on 12" center so that there's zero deflection.
Can anyone offer any advice on the best foundation given my location and the dimensions I'm considering (20' x 16' with 7/12 sloped roof).
For a slab, it's the bottom of the perimeter footing (usually 12" wide) that needs to be below the frost line, which in MA is probably pretty deep (36-48"). Here in the North Sacramento Valley, the requirement is 12" deep since the ground never freezes so there's no heaving problem.
So the perimeter for your 16x20 ft shed is 72 ft, which is a lot of digging if you want to use the traditional slab footing arrangement.
I know all about that since I've just finished hand digging two 12"W x 18"D x 36 ft long footings for a 20x36ft metal carport that I'm having installed.
I hand-dug those trenches because I didn't want that nice gravel driveway messed up by a backhoe or skid steer excavator. I'll install rebar tomorrow, call for an inspection (hopefully on Tues) and pour concrete Wed or Thurs weather permitting.
The sonotubes look attractive to me. I assume they're 12" dia. Your problem is drilling 3-4 ft deep holes. That can be challenging even with stout equipment if the ground is rocky (I mean large New England rocks, not just gravel). My neighbor hit hardpan about 30" down while trying to drill 12" dia x 42" deep holes for a cattle gate. He was using a Bobcat with a hydraulic PHD and struggled to get through that layer.
Another possible option is to design a portable shed, one that is supported on horizontal 6"x6" pressure treated beams. That way you only have to dig shallow trenches (maybe 6" deep) and fill them with gravel to provide some drainage under the PT beams. You need to check with your county building department to see if this type of construction is allowed.
02-21-2010, 10:34 AM #8
