By Chris Emard , Cornwall Standard Freeholder
Monday, April 30, 2012       8:14:26 EDT AM
Change text size for the story
Print
With the backhoe on site, we're ready to start digging the holes for our concrete piers.
First, have you contacted the gas, electric, and cable people?
Causing a community blackout, or being responsible for the neighbourhood going without heat or cooking fuel for a few days, well, that would be a little unsettling. But, tearing up a main cable line, even for a few hours, why they'd be rioting in the streets.
Next, we know that the piers need to be 48 inches deep, but at what diameter and width at the base?
Bigfoots and readibases are plastic, pyramid shaped hollow cones that attach to a sonotube, the cardboard cylinder that forms the pier. Note, sonotubes and bigfoots come in different sizes, depending on how heavy a structure they'll be expected to support.
Alternatively to the bigfoot or redibase is a product called footing tube. The footing tube is an all-in-one pier and base.
Advantage to the footing tube? It's all plastic, so if you're digging the holes this Saturday, but won't be pouring the concrete until the following weekend, rain or ground moisture won't effect the integrity of the tube.
On the other hand, a couple of days rain could cause the cardboard sonotube to collapse.
Footing tubes are also available in two sizes.
How large in diameter the pier or how large the base will be required?
The permit people or the engineer who designed your deck will be able to determine those specs. Important! Don't skimp on the piers. Going from smaller to large may cost you an extra $30-$40, overall, in material and concrete, but will go a long way in providing the necessary anti-sink support if your future plans involve a porch, or a three-season sunroom.
With your footing tube or Bigfoot/sonotube combination sitting level in the hole, carefully begin refilling the area around the tube. Carefully means no large stones. Having to dig these holes was strenuous enough, needing to dig out a collapsed sonotube will be heartbreaking.
Next, have the necessary amount of concrete pre-mix on hand come pour day.
Bigfoots and footing tubes can swallow anywhere from 10-15 bags of 30kg concrete mix, so, get yourself a good mixing wheelbarrow and spade shovel for the job.
And, if available, find yourself a good mixer, preferably male, 14-16 years old, weighing at least 120 lbs. Rate of pay? Food, water, maybe a pass to the moving picture show, but that's it.
This is a life lesson, a stay-in-school type of incentive to help the young lad realize the importance of an education.
The sonotube or footing tube should extend anywhere from 6 to 12 inches above grade, which should provide you with enough length to cut them off at level. The cardboard sonotubes can actually extend up to 3 feet above grade, but don't push the limit.
Having one of those tubes crack open like a Pillsbury dough mix would be demoralizing.
Finally, make sure to insert a 6x6 saddle, or anchor bolt, into the top of each pier (before the cement dries of course). Locking the 6x6 support post into the concrete pier will eliminate the chance of post heave, or side shift, enduring the main support beam stays firm and level.
Next week, posts and decking.
Featured Businesses
