Nope.
No wires crossed.
Simply because you hit 'bedrock' does not mean that your 'bedrock' is an acceptable rock upon which to build or pin a structure.
Each kind of rock or mineral has its own weight bearing characteristics, compressive strengths, shear and sliding characteristics and there is no one magic method for dealing with them all.
Couple that with the requirements of your seismic zone, and you are just playing a kind of novice builder's 'spin the tail on the donkey' where you get blindfolded, spun around, completely disoriented and hope to get the tail 'spot on'.
Technically, a 'bedrock' of gypsum will have the same criteria as having been there for millions of years as perhaps granite 'bedrock', but that does not mean that gypsum is an acceptable base upon which to build a home anymore than might be oil shale or slate or other types of 'bedrock'.
If you are REALLY interested in the vast variances in the geology of the even vaster region called the 'Canadian Shield' read on:
http://www.thecanadianencyclopedia.c...38906&mState=1
You may find given your soil and seismic conditions the only way to construct an approved structurally sound building is to set piles down several strata before hitting a layer of 'bedrock' that can bear the load of your house.
It is NEVER as simple as just pinning to the existing exposed rock, and it is apparant that you don't understand all the structural, seismic, load, soil and even rock bearing elements involved and I mean no offense by saying so.
Better to hire a professional because you are in over WAY your head at this point.
Last edited by homebild; 12-08-04 at 07:06 PM.
12-09-04, 04:48 AM #5
speaker Visiting Guest
No offence taken!
I appreciate your post, thank you. But up in these neck of the woods most of the cottages are just built on concrete blocks, right on top of the rock. (by the way, I am pretty sure the rock is granite). I just thought it would look more finished. Assuming that the rock is able to withstand bearing the load of a cottage, would you recommend just using blocks instead?
Thanks for your help!
