View Full Version : Shed anchoring?
canuck88
05-26-2010, 05:16 PM
So I applied for a building permit to put up a 10x16 shed here Kitchener-Waterloo... the foundation plan called for 12 4x8x16 solid blocks resting on 4" of gravel, with 16' long 2x8 mudsills and 2x6 floor joists.
The plans came back requiring me to anchor the shed to the ground using 36" long rebar pounded through the mudsills at a 45-50 degree angle.
I was a little surprised by this, given that this isn't new orleans and I doubt I would ever get enough wind to blow a 10x16 heavy shed filled with snowblowers and such.
But I guess the building code - or at least municipally - requires it.
Anyone have suggestions on how to anchor down without using rebar? I'm afraid that pounding rebar through the mudsills on an angle is going to knock me out of square. Maybe I should just do the 4 posts with sonotubes (and support the rest with the blocks)??
Any suggestions are much appreciated.
Lee Brubaker in Edmonton
05-26-2010, 06:09 PM
First of check what the Provincial Code requires because the Prov.Code is senior to a Municipal Code & if an argument arises the Prov.Code is the last word. Reminds me of a County Plumber that thought if a 4000 sq.ft. tile field for a 3 bedroom house was good....6000 ft. would be better & changed the county code. I checked with the Province & installed 4000 sq.ft. in compliance to the Prov.Code. Didn't have an argument but heard that winter of the 6000 sq.ft. tile fields freezing up....too large to generate enough heat to prevent it. Those folks now have to cover their fields with straw bales in the fall or
cap off 2000 ft. of tile. The County changed back to 4000 ft. in their code.
If the Provincial Code does not require rebar anchors....ignore the Municipality Code.
Lee
BearLeeAlive
05-26-2010, 06:45 PM
Although most building is done according to the provincial building code (I have a copy of the ABC right beside me), municipalities can invoke certain code changes due to conditions that may exist there. You can argue if you wish, but in most cases you would only be doing yourself harm. I deal with permits, development officers, and inspectors on a regular basis, and you really have to be careful on what things you push. They can cause all kinds of problems and delays.
canuck88, I have not heard of anchoring an outbuilding, but then most times we build that big we do use piles and it is real easy to set an anchor into the pile to attach the joists to, probably like you are thinking. Rebar is not intended to be used in contact with soil as will eventually rust away.
I am a bit confused by the reference 2x8 mudsill. It may be a regional thing, but a mudsill to me is a board that sits flat on a foundation wall and the floor deck built on top of. They are usually 2x4's and sometimes 2x6's, either treated wood, or a sill gasket is used between them and the concrete.
Egon
Drill holes in the concrete block at the right angle for the rebar?:D
Some folks might make a mistake in measuring the length!:frown:
Pour four sonotubes and tie them to the sill plate?:D
Donald
05-27-2010, 10:29 AM
Have you considered using the "anchors" designed for grain bins...etc.
They are a galvanized rod with a short length of spiral flighting on the lower end and a eye on the top end. Depending on soil conditions, can be a challenge to screw in....but should work.
Probably best to install before laying foundation and simply fasten to the sills when placed.
Cheers....DonJ
05-27-2010, 08:15 PM
Thanks for the replies...
Jim, see this article for the description of the floor construction (including what I mean by mudsills):
http://www.popularmechanics.com/home/improvement/1276231
I created my foundation plans using this article...
dave_k
05-27-2010, 08:36 PM
The reason for anchorage is because we are in a tornado region. Even though we haven't had many severe storms recently the building code is base on the 100 year extremes of weather. If tornados have been known to occur in the K/W area over the last hundred years we have to build as if one will occur tomorrow.
I would re-submit the plans using sonotube piers and some sort of simpson base plate.
Tee Jay
05-27-2010, 09:09 PM
What about these screws.  They look like they would have the holding power of at least the rebar at 45 degrees.  http://www.homedepot.ca/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/CatalogSearchResultView?D=978053&Ntt=978053&catalogId=10051&langId=-15&storeId=10051&Dx=mode+matchallpartial&Ntx=mode+matchall&recN=0&N=0&Ntk=P_PartNumber
T. J.
05-27-2010, 09:26 PM
Thanks for the replies...
Jim, see this article for the description of the floor construction (including what I mean by mudsills):
http://www.popularmechanics.com/home/improvement/1276231
I created my foundation plans using this article...
Thanks for that, now I understand. I had just assumed a mudsill would be continuous along a foundation wall like I am used to. They are doing the same thing, just in short chunks on top of piers.
I's much smarter now. :wink: :)
BearLeeAlive
05-27-2010, 09:29 PM
One thing(ok, another thing) that I wonder about, is frost heaving. Do you not get frost in your area, and could the shed piers not heave due to frost, causing strain on the anchors? If you used reinforced piles down 4', this would not be an issue then.
Keith in Brantford
05-27-2010, 09:38 PM
I also would use sonotubes instead of cement blocks. And do not forget about critters living under the shed. Bury heavy duty wire mesh at least 2 feet down and up to the mud sills all the way around the building. Our daughter lives in Kitchener and she had skunks get under her shed.
Keith
canuck88
05-27-2010, 09:54 PM
About the sonotubes - my plan calls for 12 blocks... if I was to replace the blocks with sonotube piers, would I need the same number? Seems like that would be a lot more expensive than my skid foundation.... I'm guessing each pier would cost me $50 to have someone auger the hole and fill the sonotubes.
dave_k
05-27-2010, 10:25 PM
About the sonotubes - my plan calls for 12 blocks... if I was to replace the blocks with sonotube piers, would I need the same number?You need to anchor the shed to the ground and provide the shed a foundation that will support the shed. The piers don't necessarily have to be sonotube to the U/s of your shed floor. What you have to do is satisfy the building department. I mentioned sonotubes because they are simple. You just need to dig 4 holes plonk them in and backfill. You can just dig a hole and pour concrete to grade then use concrete block, wood or any other material to the u/s of the shed floor. As long as it satisfies the K/W building at each connection between different structural elements.
Seems like that would be a lot more expensive than my skid foundation.... I'm guessing each pier would cost me $50 to have someone auger the hole and fill the sonotubes.For you it may be more expensive for me there's a labor component. The city has givin you a remedy that satisfies them but you don't like. You choices are to go with the approved plans as they sit or do something different. There are going to be tradeoffs no matter which you choose.
Greg in Caledon
05-27-2010, 10:45 PM
I had the same situation for my 8x16 shed. I thought it quite odd. I understand the tornado/storm risk thing but then I was told there was no such requirement if the shed was to be under 100 sq ft. I mean wouldn't the smaller shed be more apt to fly off in a tornado/storm?
It was suggested by the town to bury a 6x6 four feet down along the length of the shed and then use threaded rod to attach the buried 6x6 to the bottom plate of the shed.
In the end I was lucky as my shed was 16 feet long and I wanted it in the "middle" of my fence with a door opening on each side of the shed (one to the pool area and one to the yard). So in the end I took out two 8' sections of fence and just plopped it between the fence posts and attached to the fence posts which were cemented 4ft down; voila
The town never came to look for final inspection; just gave me the permit and instructions, so.....
RottenScoundrel
05-28-2010, 07:31 AM
First off, if you are hit by a tornado, I doubt that if the shed wants to fly, 36" rebar probably won't help much anyway, esp if in the ground rusting for a few years.  Nor will a snow blower keep it down.  All these below ground wood and metal anchors will eventually fail (rot/rust) as the structure could be there for a loooong time.  Sounds like a poured floor is the simple answer....$$$$ but solid.  But then, what are the odds of YOU being hit by a tornado?  If you are not concerned with that, then just drive the dam rebar to satisfy them and have it over with.  I would be concerned (and I don't know if this would be a valid concern - just guessing here) with the insurance company looking for an out if you don't meet minimum of all codes in the event of any 'episode'.  As BearLeeAlive indicated, it ain't worth fighting.
dave_k
05-28-2010, 08:02 AM
I would be concerned (and I don't know if this would be a valid concern - just guessing here) with the insurance company looking for an out if you don't meet minimum of all codes in the event of any 'episode'.  As BearLeeAlive indicated, it ain't worth fighting.The point of the city strictly applying and enforcing building code requirements isn't so much about public safety but about insurance coverage and money. Cities have been sued for making common sense judgement calls on building code application so the laws were rewritten in Ontario in 2006 in such a way that they passed all liability for design and application of building codes onto the end user. Makes for cheaper insurance for municipalities. The insurance load is now carried by the designers so we all pay for it anyway in increased design costs. From the consumers perspective they just shifted the costs from the tax burden to design and construction.
I have been required to supply a 20" steel beam with supporting columns to support a sliding grill door in a shopping mall that was replacing one that was held up by the buildings structure for 30 years. The new door is 1/2 the weight of the door it's replacing.
I was also required to secure the top track of said grill door with bolts through the steel beam whereas in the rest of the world these tracks are screwed into wood blocking. Apparently the city is afraid the wood could be completely consumed in a fire and the doors could fall on firefighters resulting in a law suit. No one considered that a fire hot enough to completely consume the wood structure would have left the steel structure bent like wet spagetti.
With this in mind be thankful that all the city is asking for are sheds to be anchored and not 36" belled cassions or H piles drivin to bedrock
darius
05-28-2010, 10:03 AM
I'm guessing each pier would cost me $50 to have someone auger the hole and fill the sonotubes.
If you hire someone to do it for you it may cost you just about that. Or you may do it yourself.
Being a little of an overkill kinda fella, I drilled 6 holes for sonotubes, 4 feet deep, 6 inch diamater.
I used a manual auger (similar to this one (http://www.canadiantire.ca/AST/browse/2/OutdoorLiving/GardeningTools/ForksPicks/PRD%7E0596850P/Pro-grade%252BAuger.jsp?locale=en) and borrowed from a friend) about 20 minutes per hole. Alternatively, you could rent a power auger from HD. I think they charge around $80 for a day, or so. My cost for the six piers was around $100 for the whole job, including concrete, tubes, steel anchors and lots of cold ice tea.
vBulletin® v4.0.8, Copyright ©2000-2012, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.
