Reply  
There's a couple brands, one is called "Bigfoot" footer forms, I don't recall the other one. They are sized for a range of sonotubes, you cut off the smaller size rings than you need and screw the sonotube to it with drywall screws. They work great. The ones for up to 12" tubes cost about $34 ea I think around my area. Not cheap, but they do save a lot of time and trouble, you can dig, set the footer and tube in place, backfill in one operation, pour, and the next day strip the cardboard above ground off and you're done. I bang on the sides of the tubes after pouring to get the air bubbles out and trowel them smooth on top. I usually drop a couple or more pieces of rebar in after pouring also (precut to a few inches less than the height of the tube/footer), and use steel strap for anchors, depending on what I'm doing. On larger ones (18"), I premade rebar cages with horizontal rings of rebar also.
While digging the holes, if you set one, carefully backfill a little with a shovel to keep it in place (I like to pretty much cover the footer, as we have a lOT of rocks here), then one person holds on to the tube and has a level as it's backfilled, and your excavator digs the next hole, backfilling the one you're in as he goes. Saves time as well, and you can deflect the rocks as they come in the hole so they don't beat up your form. You can tweek the tube a little as it gets backfilled by which side you put the dirt, and pulling on the tube some as it backfills.
I make them a little longer than I need, and before pouring, fine tune the height with a laser level or transit. To cut them square, I measure from the end, and mark them every few inches around until I have a ring of marks around the tube and cut them with a sawsall with a long blade. I don't let the tip of the blade go in the tube, I think they cut straighter that way. If you can keep them pretty square they are easier to work with.
Here's two diffent makes, the black one is a bigfoot, I don't recal the make of the other. Black is for up to 12" the orange one is for an 18" tube.
