Posts: 252
pcdreams,
Building on piers is quick and easy so I've done a lot of it.  The building code tells you everything you need to know, but I agree the code books can be difficult to interpret AND code requirements have become pretty over the top.
For non-inspected structures here is how I proceed.  Dig holes through the topsoil to undisturbed subsoil...whether this is 4 inches or 4 feet.  Then I like to use old discarded tires as forms because they are "ready made", they slow concrete drying, are free, and they are easy to use.  I've made up a metal form in the shape of a pier block and screw this down on the tire for a monolithic footing/pier.  Top with pressure treated 6" X 6" with nails through to hold it in place.  Spacing of piers at the ends is usually 1 foot overhang on girders with joints landing on a pier.  Girders are usually set in 1 to 2 feet from the edge of the building, but sometimes (code dependant) they must be at the building edges.
Spacing depends on the sizes of your girders/joists.  For example, a 4 X 6 girder can accommodate piers on 6 foot spacing.  A 4 X 8 requires 8 foot spacing.  I usually simply let the girders run wild on the ends and trim them later.  That way when you joist there is less hassle getting the frame exactly square.  Simply nail joists and rim joists, then square the diagonals, and THEN nail joists to girders.  Normally all this is done with a pneumatic nailer so it is quick and easy.
If you want to cantilever code specifies a maximum cantilever of 25% of the length of the joists, but I generally try to stay 2 feet or less.  Spacing between girders depends on dimensions of the joists.  2 X 6 joists require a maximum span of 9'6" on 16 inch centers.
If you raise posts above the piers, yes you will need sway bracing running from girder to pier maybe one or two or even three piers away depending on the sizes.  The sway bracing is required for stability.  Any joints in girders or joists require a scab to span the joint...usually I span 2 feet beyond the joint minimum.
All code remarks made here reflect specifics in the People's Republic of California so check your own location because every jurisdiction is different.  But there is also safe and then there is code.  My own choice is to build safe and screw the code since it is so strongly overkill.
bearkiller
