 
 
I am having trouble finding detailed instructions on ground mounts for solar thermal systems. Can anyone recommend a good book or article on the basics of placing Sonotubes, racking, and the like? I have contacted some rack manufacturers, but they mostly have roof-mount instructions for their respective systems. I’m getting ready to install a system, and could use the help.
Thomas LaPointe • via e-mail
I generally design ground mounts on site. I just have plenty of angle stock on the truck and my crew can change the design if we hit a snag. See the solar thermal installation article in HP94, which has a small section on ground mounts near the end. In addition, the Uniform Solar Energy Code requires that ground-mounted collectors be at least 6 inches above grade, but in snow country, I would put them a minimum of 18 inches (perhaps more to ensure accumulated snow doesn’t shade the collectors and allows them to shed snow). I have always used 6-inch-diameter tubes for a form and, as mentioned in the article, made sure the concrete sat below the frost line. A 6-inch-diameter works well because you can use a hand post-hole digger to dig the holes.
There is little difference in a flat-roof installation and a ground-mounted one after you have a substantial (2 x 2 x 1/4-inch) angle joining the piers. I rarely use the factory mounts for ground mounts, but if this is your first installation, they might work better for you. Since so much of the prep work on a ground mount is custom, I have always just built mounts out of aluminum or steel angle, like 1 1/4- or 1 1/2-inch stock depending on the collector size, orientation, and stock material.
Most systems that are ground-mounted are antifreeze-based. The piping doesn’t need to be buried, though most people do bury it a few inches. Buried or aboveground piping should be insulated with 3/4- or 1-inch closed-cell, high-temperature insulation (not home center hot water pipe insulation) and then encased in PVC or ABS pipe to keep it from being crushed.
Chuck Marken • Home Power solar thermal editor
 
