Building Homes or Extensions/sono-tube installation
Advertisement
Question
Hi Bruce,
I am planning on purchasing a shed and would like to install the footings for it myself.  I need to install 8 footings, 4 on each side of the 10x16 foot shed per the manufacturers' requirements.  To do this I am planning on renting a augar to dig the holes since our yard is very compact.  My question is how would you advise that I align the tubes so that thy are level and are in line with each other?  How best do I mark off the land so that I can dig the holes properly aligned.  Any advice you could give me would be most appreciated, thank you.
Dave Stura
Answer
Hi Stura, You need to determine what the outside dimensions of your foundation is going to be and set up string lines.  I usually do a batter board system. Which consists of a short 2x4 on edge and supported by stakes.  Go to this website for pictures of this:http://www.cedarshed.com/foundations.html..  You will need two of these setups at each corner approximately two feet further out than the actual building footprint.  The batter boards at each corner are at right angles to each other and face the opposite corners and are set up approximately to the height you want your sonotubes.  Then starting at your first batter board put a nail on top and leave it sticking up enough to attach a string to it.  Pull it down your wall line to the next batter board a put a nail and pull the string tight.  From this string line measure the width of your building over to opposing batter boards and put nails and pull a string.  Now you should have two string lines running parallel with each other at the width of your building.  Now do the same thing for the other two sides so that you now have a square made by four strings.  Once you have your batterboards up and string lines run measure and lay out your holes.  As far as sonotubes go, I usually build a simple 2x4 square collar that slips over the tube and then I tack the tube to the collar at the four points that it touches. One at the top one at the bottom.  Then I use the collar at the top to attach my bracing etc. to hold the sonotube in place.  I use the collar at the bottom and drive stakes around it to keep the bottom in place.  As far as level goes, you can level the strings on your batter boards with a string level that hangs on the string, no problem..I hope this information is helpful feel free to write again regarding this or other matters, sincerely bruce e johnson  
Questioner's Rating
