The Washington Metro’s home for Concrete, Brick and Block
Not just Lumber and Hardware, Galliher & Huguely carries all of Washington, D.C.’s Masonry products
Sand
Bagged or scooped, washed or concrete, Galliher & Huguely has the masonry sand that you need for your job. If you have a small masonry project or repair, G&H sells sand by the bag, about 80lbs. per bag. If, however, you have a big project and need sand by the scoop, we can accommodate you. Furthermore, we can deliver sand to your job in most cases, the next day. No sense driving out of your way for concrete or washed sand, let G&H drop it on your job’s doorstep. We also carry 50lb bags of play sand and 60lb. bags of all purpose sand.
Gravel
Galliher & Huguely carries two types of gravel, washed gravel and 57 Blue Stone gravel, . Similar to sand, we sell gravel by the bag or the scoop, and also just like our sand, we will deliver the gravel to you. We also carry 50lb bags of pea gravel.
Brick and Block
In need of bricks or cinder blocks? Galliher & Huguely stocks red common brick as well as commonly used cinder blocks. We also carry 4 inch expansion joints, truss type wall mesh, and steel lintels in 3 and 8 foot lengths. Stop in today and get what you need.
Concrete & Mortar
Galliher & Huguely has all of your bagged concrete and mortar products. For concrete we have in stock, concrete mix and fast setting concrete mix. G&H carries both Brickset Type S mortar and Type S mortar mix. Need bags of cement? We have Type I/II Grey Portland cement and White Portland cement in stock for pick up or delivery. G&H also carries 80lb bags of Quikrete Blacktop mix and 50lb bags of non-shrinking grout.
Remesh & Rebar
To anchor your masonry or concrete project, Galliher & Huguely carries both 6×6 10 gauge Remesh in 50 foot rolls and 1/2″ and 5/8″ rebar. In addition, to secure your jobsite, G&H also carries 100 foot rolls of orange safety fence.
Sonotubes
G&H has in stock 4 foot Sonotubes in 6″, 8″, 10″ and 12″ to help you anchor poles or posts. 
To contact Galliher & Huguely’s main location, please call 202-723-1000.
To apply for a Galliher & Huguely house account, please complete and return our Credit Application.
Testimonials
"Galliher and Huguely puts Home Depot to shame."
- Pete (Washington, DC)
They helped me update my condo when I first bought it, and really made it feel like my own! They were very easy to work with and provided high quality products at a reasonable price. Definitely will be purchasing from them in the future!!
- Kathleen
"This place will solve nearly any hardware, lumber, or electrical need."
- Andrew (Washington, DC)
We have worked with the company many times over the past 7 years, including remodeling of our kitchen and several baths. The sales people are incredibly knowledgeable and helped us make the right choices and stay within our budget. Deliveries were always as scheduled. An excellent company to do business with.
- Carolyn
