 
 
Abzac offers an extensive, reliable and multi-purpose range of cardboard tubes designed to meet the requirements the main end-users :
Paper mills : cardboard tubes and cores are essential winding components the technical performance of which, duly controlled by Abzac, is specially geared to this industry :
Crush resistance and dynamic load of the  cardboard core, namely the capacity of the cardboard  tube  to withstand the variations in speed and weight of the rolls during winding and unwinding operations.
The E-modulus, or the permanent value enabling the determination of the critical speed as from which the cardboard tube starts to suffer from vibration and resonance
The plastic film industry :
Cardboard tubes resistant to the constraints of radial compression or surface defects (waviness or roughness).
As a result of its R&D, Abzac has developed a range of cardboard tubes capable of meeting the specific constraints of plastic films.
Radial cardboard tubes (more information
) : Radial pressure is a specific problem in the winding of certain films. Abzac is capable of controlling this radial pressure, thus increasing the reliability of the tube and enabling further enhancement of the tube’s specifications.
Smooth cardboard tubes (more information
) :  Abzac offers a range of smooth information tubes with full control of the surface appearance to minimise the marking of the film by the  cardboard tube.
Cardboard tubes and cardboard rings for labels and adhesives
Thanks to specific tooling, the cardboard tubes and cardboard rings are cut to length with remarkable precision. Particular care is paid to their packaging.
The cardboard tubes can be marked or printed on the inside.
Cardboard tubes for textiles and non-woven fabrics
Thanks to a specific surfacing designed to facilitate the winding of the material, these cardboard tubes are ideally suited for on-line changes to avoid down-time.
Cardboard tubes for building, construction and form-work : concrete tubes
Thanks for over 50 years of experience in the production of cardboard tubes, Abzac offers a wide range of strong, practical, lightweight form-work tubes for concrete:
the «standard» concrete tube, the «regular» concrete tube providing a uniform, smooth finish, the «super» concrete tube for structural constructions and the «joint-free» concrete tubes for concrete pillars without any visible spiral joint.
Sealing cartridges
For the packaging of adhesives, silicones and mastics Abzac  produces sealant tubes in different sizes (300 ml, 500 ml), with an applicator tip. These caulking cartridges can be customised.
3 Moulin d’Abzac F33230 ABZAC - Tel. +33 (0) 5 57 49 39 00 - Fax +33 (0) 5 57 49 29 73 - E-mail : abzac@abzac.fr
2008 © Copyright Abzac // Design & Hosting WebFutur.com
Fibre drum - The Abzac Packaging fibre drums or Kraft drums provides industrial packaging for the preparation, transport and storage of dry, paste, semi-liquid and liquid products
Cardboard tubes - Abzac offers an extensive, reliable and multi-purpose   range of cardboard tubes designed to meet the requirements the main end-users
Cardboard corners - Angleboard - Edge protector - Cardboard corners are used for the protection and   reinforcement of all kinds of parcels, cartons, pallets, etc.
