Precast Concrete Deck Pier Advantages and Disadvantages
By Mark J. Donovan
One of the key ingredients to every successful deck construction project is  properly installed deck footings or deck piers. Concrete deck piers or footings  should be installed so that their bases are situated below the frost line of the  local area. The depth of a footing hole can vary anywhere from 12 to 60 inches  depending upon where you live. In northern climates, such as New Hampshire for  example, the frost line can run as deep as 36 to 48 inches.
Precast Concrete Deck Pier Advantages
Precast concrete deck piers are a great alternative to using sonotubes.
 
As their name implies, precast concrete deck piers are ready made combination  deck footings and deck pillars all in one. The ones I used on one of my deck  projects were 54 inches tall. They were placed 48 inches into the ground so that  they were below the frost line for my local area. This left 6 inches of the  concrete deck piers above the finished grade for mounting the deck posts.
 
One of the main advantages of using precast concrete deck footings is that  unlike sonotubes, precast concrete deck piers won’t degrade due to exposure to  inclement weather, which is a common concern with building materials on a job  site. If a sonotube gets wet, prior to setting it in place and pouring the  concrete, the sonotube can potentially fail when the concrete is poured into it.
In addition, precast concrete deck piers are fabricated with a very wide base  for providing increased weight bearing support. They also have a threaded insert  cast on their tops for easily connecting deck posts to them.
Precast Concrete Deck Pier Disadvantages
The one big disadvantages of using precast concrete deck pillars is that you  need an excavator to dig the hole for them, and to lift and set them in place.  Consequently they may not be a great alternative for a DIY deck installation  project on an existing home.
The only other slight disadvantage with them is in accurately placing them so  that they are plumb and level, and situated exactly under the locations for the  deck posts. Once they are put into place, backfilled, and the excavator has left  the site, it is extremely difficult and costly to move them. Consequently, it is  important to know in advance exactly where they need to be placed.
Where to Buy Precast Concrete Piers
Precast concrete deck piers can often be purchased from precast concrete  suppliers who make concrete septic tanks and drainage pipes.
Precast Concrete Deck Pier Blocks
Precast concrete deck pier blocks are another alternative to using sonotubes. A  precast concrete deck pier block is designed to be placed into the top of a  concrete footing while the concrete footing is still wet.
Photo by Mark Donovan
To install a precast concrete deck pier block, simply pour concrete into the  footing until the concrete is within a couple of inches from the top of the  finished grade and then place the deck pier block on top of the poured footing.  Push the concrete deck pier block several inches into the concrete footing and  use a torpedo level to make sure the deck pier block is plumb and level on top.  It is also critical that the deck pier block be properly aligned. Use a plumb  bob to help with the proper alignment of the deck pier block. Gently tap the  pier block to put it in proper alignment. Repeat this process on all the  required deck pier blocks for the deck project and then allow them to set up for  24 hours before continuing on with the deck construction project.
For help on building a new Deck, see HomeAdditionPlus.com's Deck Installation Bid Sheet . The Deck Installation Bid Sheet will teach your how to hire the right deck contractor, and help to  ensure that your deck project is completed on time and budget.
How to Finance your Deck Project - 
can help provide funds for your new home improvement project if          financing is required.
Additional Deck Information
