Joined: Dec 2002
Posts: 3,391
Yikes, I'm jumping in late here, but no matter since the discussion clearly is progressing well without me!
Most the important points have been covered:
1.Polys are great with spatial diffusion, or scattering, but poor for temporal.
2.QRDs are good at temporal, and fair at spatial, and more effective in certain frequency ranges according to design parameters.
3.Polys are worse for comb filtering than QRDs, though QRDs aren't completely immune.
4.Both have limitations on low frequency effectiveness based on size and/or depth.
5.Repeated sequences of either will degrade performance. Various pseudo-random patterns of QRDs have been studied by Trevor Cox and others to address this (he mentions MLS and prefers Barker code); and other multi-sized semi-cylinder arrays attempt, with varying results, to address the issue with polys.
What this boils down to in generalized practical terms is that polys are usually more appropriate in larger spaces, like recording rooms and performance spaces; and QRDs in smaller spaces, like control rooms and critical listening spaces (neither exclusively, of course). There are still distance limits for effective use of QRDs, so it can't be an excessively small room.
There are plenty of other variables concerning diffusion, including 2- and 3-band diffractals, 2D QRDs (incl. recessed or protruding, patterned or pseudo-random), bass absorption for each styles, overall reflection attenuation, and 1/4 wave well absorption in QRDs. There are also other diffusion methods, distinct from poly and QRD, like Binary Amplitude. I just mention these to remind DIYers that it's a complex subject and understanding all the ins and outs and having experience with application and result is what sets apart the work of an acoustician vs. doing it yourself. There's just no way to impart all information necessary in an internet thread. Still, you can obviously glean quite a bit.
The main practical thing I see missing from the thread is that not all polys are semi-cylindrical. There are complex poly shapes that can be used in random arrays that can be more effective in some ways, being easier to avoid pattern repetition, having less bass absorption (if this is desired), and perhaps a subjectively richer soundfield compared to semi-cyls. However, they still suffer from poor temporal diffusion characteristics which may limit their use in some applications.
By the way, I like the GIK alternative to a diffractal! I designed a custom one-off of exactly the same thing several years ago (OK, not exactly - I spec'd all curved, not some flat and some curved). I'm glad there will be an off-the-shelf version available now.
There are other QRD variations as well, with the well backs being angled left and right for instance, but I don't think that would be as good as the semi-cyl inside. You could
also do an up-down angle, but same limitation as the left-right, plus the problem of being impractical with tall units. You can also do other randomizing things (or not so random), like triangles, pyramids, sawtooth wedges, semi-sphericals, compound curvatures, bicubic etc. that would be essentially invisible to larger wavelengths, but affect higher frequencies.
One thing I'm curious about is how the interference will look with reflections from the semi-cyl hitting the well dividers. Having the semi-cyls recessed like that eliminates a large portion of the uniform scattering that is the most desirable characteristic of a semi-cyl. Only measurements will tell us how effective it will be and how it will compare to other variations. Still, a great idea, and I'm glad you'll be producing it.
__________________
