Originally Posted by Bob7145
1/2" thick clear acrylic sonotube with built in fog/smoke machine.
Just add light transmitting fiber fill and you have a salable product. Kind of reminds me of the old school light boxes. He he neato. I would really like to see someone build a clear sonotube. They would have to be a pro to get the acrylic right.(day dreams)
Quote:
Originally Posted by scientest
There's really two issues being discussed here: bracing and damping. A sono certainly won't need bracing across the cylindrical dimension since all forces are equally applied and there's effectively nothing to brace. And as others have pointed out, with reasonably strong end caps you really don't need a longitudinal brace either. However, you might want some damping; that's what the sono inside the sono with sand in between is providing. Making the thing more rigid (ie coating with fiberglass) may seem appealing but I'd guess you're just moving any resonances up in frequency and if you get high order harmonic resonances they may just end up being more audible.
So, yeah, you might want to consider two concentric tubes with sand in between or lining the thing with lead foil
or some other damping material but I'd agree with the others, build the thing first and see if if matters. If you're paranoid, build it so you can remove the end caps and line the interior or build it with an extra large end cap so you can add the second concentric cylinder if need be.
Where to start.
The 2 issues bracing and dampening, are both means to the same end.
A more braced therefore stiffer enclosure is harder to flex and therefore harder to impart energy(vibrations in this case). A heavier enclosure is just that-heavier and therefore it requires more energy(Vibration) to excite. Note worthy on the heavy side of enclosures is energy storage aka RINGING. This is the whole Baltic birch verse MDF argument rehashed. This brings us to what you have suggested is the second but is actually the third variable DAMPENING. I like to call it loss. By adding a sprung mass to a surface you can decrease the amount of time energy can be stored in that surface(think shock absorber).
SO strong, heavy, or well damped a sonotube is really none of these things.
AGAIN, As to the comments on the shape of a sonotube giving it super strength. Years ago most if not almost all speakers were cone shaped. As technology progressed many new driver cone cross sections were designed, "curvilinear" come to mind. All of these different cone shapes are basically variation on the dome. A dome being a naturally strong shape. Now there are many considerations I'm glossing over here. Even with all the advances in material sciences and computer aided design Break up modes still exist.
For the lay person(like me
.....Above a certain frequency a speaker cone stops moving all together (pistonicaly). Either the edge of the cone folds back or the dust cap inverts or one side of the speaker doesn't move in unison with the other side. Now when you look at a speaker you can't see it. But a little high speed footage of a certain fiberglass driver I had considered using in a project opened my eyes to the Phenomenon. Now the force is being applied evenly and perfectly balanced to the back of the speaker cone by the voice coil. And yet the cone moves in all kinds of unpredictable ways. So too will the sonotube, a round shape doesnt negate enclosure issues.
Quote:
Originally Posted by scientest
Making the thing more rigid (ie coating with fiberglass) may seem appealing but I'd guess you're just moving any resonances up in frequency and if you get high order harmonic resonances they may just end up being more audible.
This is interesting. In that stiffening an enclosure raises the resonance modes of that enclosure. If I increase the frequency dramatically say 2 or 3 octaves higher but the weight of the enclosure stays pretty much the same, masses law would dictate that the output(the leak) of the enclosure would be significantly lower at those higher frequencies. Now this assumes that the material doesn't store energy well at this new frequency. That goes back to dampening.
OH yeah .....Nascar sucks.
