Roger Zona
Expertise
I am experienced in all types of construction: residential, industrial and commercial; single family, multi-family, mid-rise and high rise buildings (16 story office building) as well as remodeling, additions and tenant improvements.  I can field most any question that relates to general construction.  I have consulted with infrastructure (utility) contractors also and have a good general knowledge of underground utility construction for subdivisions and commercial projects.
Experience
After college, I began my career in the construction industry.  I chose to become an apprentice Architect and 4 yrs later I opened my own architectural design firm.  Six years later I moved to Florida to buy & develop land and build.  I became a State of Florida Certified General Contractor and operated my business for 45 years.  I built all types of residential and commercial buildings including warehouses, shopping centers, high rise apartments and office buildings and developed sites for other contractors.  I retired and became a consultant to the construction industry.  I maintain my license and continuing education requirements, operate a small construction company and write a weekly newspaper column for the Palm Beach Post (a Cox publication) with the byline "Ask The Contractor".  I am the "technical editor" for a publisher of books that relate to home maintenance.
Organizations
Previously - NAHA Currently - FLCA (Florida Licensed Contractors Assoc.)
Publications
Palm Beach Post newspaper - weekly Q & A column Happy Herald monthly real estate publication - monthly column
Education/Credentials
Michigan State University University of Detroit BS in Engineering
Past/Present Clients
I built a home in Palm Beach for a member of the Pulitzer Family. I was responsible for the completion of a twin hi-rise condominium project for G.E. Credit. I was a partner in the successful development of a P.U.D. (Planned Urban Development) subdivision. I represented the largest home builder from France (Bati Service, S.A.) in the development of a subdivision and the design and construction of the homes.
