Quote:
Originally Posted by dbhansen
Thanks for the quick replies (and pictures). I like the idea of pouring the walls with the posts, Drake. What diameter sonotubes did you use? I can tell this is going top be a fun, long-lasting project!
I think foundations and footings should have it own sub section in the "Oven Design and Installation" section because this is a common one..
Coming from someone who has done numerous whole house foundations, and retaining walls out of block and forms I choose forms every time now. When we use forms we only use a new system out here from EZ-Ply Concrete Wall Form System (check it out its really cool) and it goes very, very fast. The last basement we did was close to 2000sq' and it took 3 guys about 8 hrs to set up plus another couple the next day to tweak, that is FAST. Then about half day to pour and another full day to strip, clean and stack the forms. So 3 days total...
One advantage of block is when you are done you are DONE and for a small structure like the oven base you can have the slab poured one day and have the blocks dry stacked and filled the next. Actually if you pour early, leave the forms on and watch the corners you can start stacking later the same day.
Some disadvantages of using forms on a small project are the rental fee, the pain of setup, tear-down, clean up, picking them up, returning them and the material cost difference of concrete vs block. Then there is the vertical and horizontal steel to tie and support (which is another time consumer)  and if your site is not accessible to the truck filling the wheel burro wheeling it to the forms, filling buckets and then filling the forms or shoveling right into the forms. In addition unless you are doing something else or your footing is large (as in your case)your gonna have a short load charge usually pretty close to the cost of an extra yard, which most of the time is money well spent. Mixing the equivalent amount of bagged concrete to redi-mix cost the same in materials and takes a lot more time and effort. In the case of a footing in frost zones redi mix is the without a doubt the way to go.
