 
3. Concrete Pile Foundation
Concrete piles offer durability and longevity for boardwalk applications over lakes or streams, through wetlands or floodplains with shifty soil conditions. Options include driven concrete piles or cast-in-place concrete caissons. Sonotubes can also act as a stay in place form for a reinforced concrete caisson. On any of these concrete foundation options our precast concrete cap attaches to the top of the pile, setting the template for the rest of the boardwalk structure.
1. The PermaTrak system is manufactured by local precasters throughout the country. We own and maintain these steel production forms to ensure consistent quality control.
2. The boardwalk's beginning and ending stations typically utilize our precast abutment piece, on a bed of granular stone or an unreinforced concrete "mud mat." Lift inserts allow for easy handling.
3. Sonotube casings can serve as temporary forms as cast-in-place reinforced concrete piers are constructed. Concrete piles may also be precast, shipped to the site, and driven into place. 
4. Reinforced concrete piers shown here are installed with Sonotubes for ease of alignment and to ensure correct elevation. "Cap" components are placed on top of concrete pier.
5. Caps are secured to concrete piers, setting the template for the rest of the boardwalk. The dimples on the top of the caps accept the spherical polyurethane pins.
6. Polyurethane "mushroom" pins connect the precast beams to the foundation elements. "Barrel" pins eliminate lateral movement while "H-Connectors" secure the boardwalk for floodplains/storm surge areas.
7. Precast concrete beams span from cap to cap. Spherical mushroom-shaped pins fit into formed slots in the bottom of the beams. A 1/8'' rubber bearing pad strip is laid on the beams to eliminate any uneven bearing.
8. Curved alignments are easily accomodated by adjusting the beam lengths of the inside and outside runs.
  
9. Precast treads are easily maneuvered into place with small construction equipment such as a Bobcat with slings.
 
10. Spud bars allow laborers to adjust the treads' final position on the precast beams.
11. Tread installation continues while consistent 1/8'' joint spacing and boardwalk alignment is periodically checked for accuracy. 
 
12. Curved alignments are formed by use of tapered tread pieces.  
 
 
13. Steel curbs are a nice option for a low-lying boardwalk. We are able to work with a variety of bolt patterns to provide a clean, finished look.
 
14. Concrete curbs are also popular choices as an add-on feature. Connecting hardware is hidden from view and curbs attach without any field drilling.
 
15. PermaTrak's steel brackets can be manufactured with a powder-coating, galvanized, or stainless steel finish. A 4'' x 4'' post upright fits into the bracket to allow for a variety of timber railing designs. Bolts are threaded through the boardwalk's tread gaps and connect to a bottom plate on the underside of the walking surface.
 
16. Railing options with the PermaTrak boardwalk system span a wide range. The least expensive material is typically a variation of timber: Cedar, Southern Yellow Pine, Redwood, etc.
 
17. Aluminum railings can also be supplied as part of a completely seamless, engineered and manufactured boardwalk system.
 
18. A custom, stainless steel railing is one of the more expensive options to complete a boardwalk project. Railing options are limited only by the creativity of the designer and end user. Although a one-sided railing may fall into the "overly-creative" category!
