FJ88 (Structural)
11 Sep 07 15:53
Does anyone have any experience with or knowledge regarding the durability and structural strength of Cedar vs. Pressure Treated wood posts?  I can not find useful information comparing the structural properties of both types of wood.  The typical application I am looking for would be wood posts for decks and small elevated backyard structures such as tree houses.
I know pressure treated wood is more durable but are there other factors to consider?  Which post can I enclosed in concrete?
civilperson (Structural)
11 Sep 07 16:37
Neither wood is good in concrete without a metal skin or covering.  The pressure treated wood has the same properties as the type of wood used.  Cedar is not very good timber, Douglas Fir is much preferred.
msquared48 (Structural)
11 Sep 07 16:53
Cedar is weak in bending in relation to either Dopuglas-Fir or Hem-Fir, and Douglas-Fir is hard to pressure treat.  Most pressure treated lumber where I practice is Hem-Fir and it takes the pressure treating well.
Mike McCann
prost (Structural)
11 Sep 07 17:58
A non structural consideration is environmental--the stuff in treated wood is poison. Depending on when, who, where it was treated, it may have arsenic in it, which will leach into the soil when the wood gets wet.
concretemasonry (Structural)
11 Sep 07 18:26
Build a properly designed deck with concrete fillrd Sonotubes to the desired depth, appropriate galvanized fasteners and then appropriate sized posts of your choice of wood.
The concrete will last, give greater lateral and vertical strength, so you can replace the temporary wood as necessary.
boffintech (Civil/Environmental)
11 Sep 07 18:34
The trouble with concrete footings for decks is that you have dig the hole, dispose of the spoils from the hole, buy the quikrete, haul the quikrete, mix and pour the quickrete, buy and place a post anchorage device, etc.
An alternative to concrete footings for decks in the Oz Post.
Check it out:
Compositepro (Chemical)
11 Sep 07 20:05
I live in rural Tennessee where Cedar logs are traditionally used for corner fence posts and pole barns. Its use is being replaced by pressure treated. Cedar is more rot resistant than almost any other untreated wood. The purple heart wood is far more rot resistant than the outer wood.  
11 Sep 07 21:02
boffintech -
Are you actually serious about using a real estate "for sale" sign base for vetical loads? You will probably need 1 for every two square foot of loaded area.
RARWOOD (Structural)
12 Sep 07 11:24
I would use CCA or ACQ pressure treated Southern Pine for any application where the wood is embeded in the ground or concrete, or exposed to the weather where long term durability ia desired.  
Only the heart wood of cedar is decay resistant.  Cedar posts embeded in the ground may show  serious signs of deterioration in as little as 8 years.  If the material is only exposed to the weather, and I didn't want to use pressure treated wood, I would use all heart wood Redwood.
boffintech (Civil/Environmental)
13 Sep 07 6:50
concretemasonry - good one... on the one for deck posts it appears that a base plate is added for additional stability and bearing.  For low, smaller decks it's probably a good product.
civilperson (Structural)
13 Sep 07 9:52
All heart redwood or cypress are both desirable for resistance to weather and moisture decay and unaccessible.  Thus the use of pressure treated wood.
