 
Sonotube
SONOTUBE formworks are rain resistant products and can be stored with a minimum of protection. SONOTUBEs are manufactured from paperboard and ALU+PE board and therefore susceptible to humidity and damp. Tube's inside and outside surface is manufactured from ALU+PE or PE paperboard, in order to provide protection from humidity, but as the body is manufactured from paperboard the tubes should be stored vertically ensuring that the base does not come into contact with the ground and covering the upper, open part of the tube with a waterproof material. Moreover they can be stored on pallets (for example) avoiding excessive weight. Horizontal storage is better to avoid.
Set-up
SONOTUBEs are easy to erect and can easily be moved around the construction site, due to the lightweight nature of the product. In the majority of cases, the forms can be erected by hand with no special machinery or equipment being required. Once in place, the SONOTUBE should be secures at its base and also towards the top of column with a wooden frame, with aligning supports, or scaffolding, attached for stability purposes. The distance between two aligning supports should not exceed 2.50m for formworks longer than 4.50m. For columns less than 4.5m you can also use “Rapidaplon”, especially designed for SONOTUBE products. During set-up, it is important not to damage the inner liner of the formwork. An unlimited number of formworks can be installed to fill at one single time.
Filling / Pouring
SONOTUBEs should be filled with concrete in one pouring session, providing the flow does not exceed 4,5 meters per hour. The concrete should be vibrated using a regular vibrating needle does not touch the inside of the SONOTUBE, as the product can easily be damaged if this happens, resulting in a poor quality column finish. Never vibrate the concrete in the SONOTUBE from the outside.
Removing the Sonotube casting
Removal is easy and quick and should be carried out one to five days after pouring to obtain the best results. However, the formwork can be left in place for a longer period of time. This should not be done if external conditions allow for quick hardening of the concrete.
SONOCO advises that the formwork is unzipped within 5 days to obtain a smooth surface and to avoid the inner layer of the tube becoming stuck to the concrete- unzipping and formwork removal could take longer. Unzipping is easy and can be carried out using a cutting tool or tearing off the cardboard manually. If tubes are buried there is no need to take off the cardboard.
