KEVINB
10-22-2005, 11:38 PM
Well I'm finalizing my plans for a wood shop. It will be approx 20'x24' with 2x10pt floor joists on sonotubes (the ground is wet and slopes). What type of insulation is suggested for these floor joists that will be about 8" off the ground? I am considering a spray in expanding foam type from an installer. Thanks for the replys.
Dancing Dan
10-23-2005, 08:18 AM
I'm just finishing a very funky set of additions with similar circumstances - we skinned the underside of the floor joists with rigid foam and then sprayed 3-4inches of polyurethane foam (a local Cor-Bond installer did the spray).  We're just finishing up, so haven't been thru a heating season yet, but I'm optimistic it'll be very tight.
The only problem we had was water getting into the bays during construction - there's nowhere for it to drain.  We ended up drilling a bunch of holes up into the bays to let things drain and dry out - we'll plug them with expanding foam at the end.  If we do it again, we might look into either spraying up from below at the end, or at least finding the low spot in the foam before we lay subfloor and drilling drain holes then.
bentnails
10-23-2005, 08:36 AM
I'm thinking of insulating my basement, unheated with concrete floor, so I have a few questions. What size rigid foam did you use? Why not just use just the spray foam? Did you have to cover the spray foam upon completion?
Andrew R.
10-23-2005, 11:06 AM
8" above grade and it's wet? That sounds like a recipe for disaster for any crawl space. I think I would either raise it to code or leave the foundation open underneath, forget the insulation and use pressure treated plywood floor. How would you access this if you had a problem? There isn't much payback in crawl insulation is there? here is a link to calculate your payback to crawl space, not sure if you can determine a shop since i assume you aren't conditioning it constantly but you can compre it to a conditioned area..http://www.ornl.gov/~roofs/Zip/ZipHome.html
James Eggert
10-23-2005, 11:21 AM
Kevin
You have a few issues to keep in mind. We currently use the IRC2003 code for structures here in CT and the 8" above the ground is covered by your use of pt joists, however you indicate wet conditions so you should review the other parts of the code.
If you cannot alleviate the wet conditions by installing footing drains then you need to decide how to control that moisture. Venting could be one way, 6 m vb would definately help, etc.
We have installed HardiPanels before under decks because it's pretty much impervious to water, and definately not liked by insects or critters. You could install this on the bottom of joists and then have the insulation sprayed and then sheath the deck, then keep it covered during construction with a couple tarps, and even if it did get wet, it will dry eventually. Adding a 2" eps perimeter foam will also help.
KEVINB
10-28-2005, 10:18 PM
James, it's pretty much a shed, on sonotubes, so the bottom of the floor framing will be about 8" off the ground at the upper end of the slope and about 18" off the ground at the other side of the building. The ground is constantly wet from a natural spring leaking out of the slope. I plan on using pressure treated plywood subflooring.  Does the use of a spray in foam comply with the building code or am I missing a better method of insulating the floor? thanks for all the replys.
Joe Carola
10-29-2005, 04:27 AM
James, it's pretty much a shed, on sonotubes, so the bottom of the floor framing will be about 8" off the ground at the upper end of the slope and about 18" off the ground at the other side of the building. The ground is constantly wet from a natural spring leaking out of the slope. I plan on using pressure treated plywood subflooring.  Does the use of a spray in foam comply with the building code or am I missing a better method of insulating the floor? thanks for all the replys.
Couple questions here about this shop.
It sounds like there will be no sheathing on the bottom of the joists. Is this correct?
Whether you run the 2x10 joists the 20' way or the 24' way you have to have a girder mid span with sonotubes breaking up the length of the girder. With only 8" to the bottom of the joist, this girder would have to be flush using joists hangers. Do you have a girder @ mid span?
With all the above aside, why not sheath the bottom of the joists before you install them because since you only have 8" to the grade sheathing later is impossible even though your using sonotubes without a foundation.
I've done it before. I took 4x8 sheats and nailed them to the bottom of the joists and lifted them in place like panels and nailed them up. You can do whatever insulating you want from the top before you deck it.
It's only a 20 x 24" room. It should be framed and water tight in one or two days.
Andrew R.
10-29-2005, 09:53 AM
James, it's pretty much a shed, on sonotubes, .......  Does the use of a spray in foam comply with the building code or am I missing a better method of insulating the floor? thanks for all the replys.
I don't think there is a building code for sheds that is relative to insulation, Once you decide to condition a space then applicable insulation codes come into effect. It sounds like you want to insulate the floor but you don't mention underpinning as Joe mentioned. This is the way we build beach house first floors. Sometimes we excavate the sand and put the plywood on laying on our backs and sometimes we put it on as panels. Is your question    What insulation can I use and leave it exposed to the wet conditions under the house? Frankly with the extreme costs of underpinning and insulating in a backwards way. ( By the way we use cedar plywood for that underpinning to slow down the rotting of the underpinning in a "dry environment" at 50.00 a sheet) I can't see where insulating a floor is even worth it for this application.
Joe Carola
10-30-2005, 06:59 PM
Andrew,
Even though he said it's a shed, he's still using it as a wood shop and I'm sure he has some heavy tools going in there. So 20' spans with 2x10's and no beam midspan wont work as you know. I hope he knows this.
Since he plans on insulating it, it doesn't make sense not to put the plywood on first and set the joists in like panels like I've done before, especially since he's 8" off the ground. It's very easy.
Well, we'll see what he has to say.
KEVINB
10-31-2005, 08:54 PM
I plan on running the 2x10x12' pt joists to a midspan support. Your right, the midspan support will sit lower, but will be pressure treated and with the sloping ground, it should still be off the ground. I talked with another builder in town and he said he used pt plywood on the under side of the joists and then used fiber glass in the bays with df 3/4 ply on top. I like that idea. I have gotten a number of addition on sonotube design requests that would be applicable to this similar situation.
Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.7 Copyright © 2012 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
