downhill from Twain\'s study outside Elmira, NY
Posts
5,084
Pole barn:concrete to perimeter details?
I've built a lot of buildings including pole barns, and poured a fair amount of concrete.  So it was a surprise to realize I've never spec'd or poured concrete in a pole building.
Our EAA chapter received approval to build an addition to our 8,000 sf heated hangar.  The purpose is to move the tools and machinery out of the original building into a ~2,000 ft addition (36 x 58) & fireproof it so we can also add welding & other "hazardous" activities on site.
The "old" hangar is a steel building with continuous massive footers and formed concrete piers with lots of engineered rebar.  The new building will be offset, freestanding, and we got approved for a wooden framed pole building.  There will be a short breezeway with firedoors & a firewall connecting them.
The question is, what's the best way to detail a free floating slab, to the poles and perimeter?  We will probably add a zone to the boiler, insulate with 2" of blueboard (as in the old hangar) and pour 6 - 8" of concrete with the tubes buried in the slab (radiant heat).
However, this is potentially liable to some frost movement since there is (not intended to be) any footers except the concrete that sets the poles.  We basically intend (have preliminary approval) to throw the building up over dirt, and then finish over time, including the floor pour.  My best idea (feel free to shoot it down) is to set 2 x 12 PT lumber on edge at what will be finish floor grade on top, and lap the steel siding to that.
First, I assume with modern corrosive PT there ought to be some sort of isolation of the lumber from the steel so the steel does not corrode at the bottom?
Second, does there have to be a "slippery" separation between the concrete and the lumber, including the poles, so that if the slab would heave, it can't lift the building out of the ground?
Any links to "ideal" construction of this type?
This is upstate NY.
Thanks for any thoughts or shared experience!
smt
