concretemasonry-
I wish I could control the weather for the contractor.
I've never used/spec'd the Type III cement so I am a little leary at this point because the contractor says that at least one of the holes is going to be very large in diameter by the time they get it cleaned up from the cave-in and estimates approximately 20+ yards of concrete.  How will the large mass behave with the high early strength concrete? Also can that be used in a tremie placement?  Thanks for the comments.
 
hokie66 (Structural)
28 May 08 19:53
Agree with concrete masonry.  Using high early cement is appropriate for this application, and won't cost much in the scheme of things.  The contractor should be able to do one early in the morning, then one late in the afternoon.
BigH (Geotechnical)
28 May 08 20:29
I've a question.  Who approved the work method of the contractor?  Who is going to pay for the significant oversize of the hole?  There are methods that could have been used to prevent the significant caving - might have required sacrificial casing (or sonotubes?).  If the contractor chose the work methods, I wouldn't be paying for anything more than the 4.5 yd3 or so of concrete needed to fill the design hole.
29 May 08 10:45
Cranes are expensive, concrete is cheap.
Tell them to use the high early strength concrete and then dont accept any claims for extras.
 
tebodm (Structural)
29 May 08 13:08
We weren't the design professional for the original project.  The architect's spec's left the foundation design up to the contractor and the pole manufacturer washed their hands of it by stating that if the holes and soil conditions differ from "ideal" than the foundation is by the contractor.  I don't see how people get away with this.  Since when does a contractor have initials after their name and can design stuff like this.  Not sure who will be paying for the extra work/concrete.
Thanks for everyone's input.  I'll go with the type III and hopefully the contractor can get two done a day.
csd72 (Structural)
29 May 08 21:20
There has to be a PE that signs off on these things. If it is no-one else then it sounds like it is you. make sure someone pays you for your time and then previde a spec. The concrete is not really working very hard it just needs to be in a reasonably solid state when the crane lets go.
The usual expectation in this situation is that the contractor will employ their own PE to design this.
oldrunner (Structural)
1 Jun 08 10:14
Before you go any further, you should require that a geotechnical engineer become involved in this project.   He should determine what kind of a foundation should really be installed for this pole.  He should be able to obtain the overturning forces from the Pole Manufacture, assuming that the local wind conditions are the same or less than what the pole has been designed for.  Either the geotech can provide the structural design or he can provide a structural engineer with the design data – i.e. allowable passive pressure (from saturated founding material!) as well as where the passive pressure starts (below the ground line) and the soil bearing data.
itdepends (Chemical)
5 Jun 08 0:39
Surely it'd be easier to use a casing to prevent the caving rather than using gobs of concrete? Maybe a concrete soakwell or similar would be suitable?
Reply To This Thread
Click Here to join Eng-Tips and talk with other members!
Back To Forum
