About Stargazer Steve's Telescopes
ARE THE SCOPES COMPLETE OR  DO I HAVE TO MAKE OTHER PURCHASES BEFORE USING IT?
Both scopes come complete. The mount and eyepiece and everything else  you need are included. The Sgr-3 is ready to use moments after you remove  it from the box.
The Kit, together with 4 tools and 7 lbs of balast material are all  you need to complete the telescope in a day. The tools needed are a hammer,  pliers, small utility knife, and a Phillips (+) screwdriver.
A child's small bucket of sand will allow balancing of the telescope,  providing a low centre of gravity and making possible the very stable low-profile  mount provided. Instead of sand toy marbles, small metal objects, shot,  scrap, or discarded wheel-balancing weights from a tire shop can also be  used.
DOES THE KIT REQUIRE OPTICAL  OR SHOP SKILLS?
NO...This kit is an ideal starting point  for a teenaged or adult beginner, or a parent and child team. At the end  of the day you will be able to see details on the Moon and planets etc  with a fine telescope you have built yourself, and you will know how it  works!
ARE THESE SCOPES GOOD FOR  LOOKING AT OBJECTS ON THE GROUND (OR BIRDS etc)?
Newtonian telescopes will focus on objects which are at least two blocks  away, and you can see a lot of detail. However, you will have to get used  to seeing things the way Astronomers and Astronauts do, not placing too  much importance on which way around they are! Astronomical telescopes provide  an INVERTED (upside down) view. Usually astronomers prefer NOT to use devices  with extra optical surfaces to put the image upright. The extra manipulation  of the light can reduce the brightness and sharpness of the image.
Besides, "image erecting" devices are not well suited to Newtonian Reflecting  telescopes. There is, however, one way we CAN recommend seeing "right-side-up"  with a reflector. Aim the scope, then stand just to the side of the front  of the tube with your back to the scene you are viewing. Bend forwards  at the waist to look into the eyepiece and the view will appear erect.
IS THE FINDER INCLUDED?
Most telescopes selling for under $1000.00 come with extremely cheap  inadequate finders whose small lenses yield a dim view of a "keyhole" patch  of sky which appears inverted or flipped left-to-right. It is difficult  to even know which star is being seen in such a finder, and their single-strut  brackets allow the finder to slip out of alignments easily. 
Stargazer Steve's telescopes come with "gunsite-type" finder sights  which show precisely where the main scope is pointed without interrupting  or confusing the link between your eye and the sky. The Sgr-3's finder  sights are located in a small tube beside the eyepiece and are permanently  aligned before the scope is shipped. The sights for the kit scopes are  aligned by the user as explained in the step-by-step assembly video.
WHAT IS THE TUBE MADE OF?
The tubes are made of a strong vibration-damping thermally insulating  material with a long, renowned history in telescope making: cardboard!  (heavy-duty mailing tube or Sonotube)
John Dobson goes as far as to say they work so well for telescopes that  he doesn't understand why anyone would pour concrete in them!
Metal tubes tend to vibrate and transmit image-spoiling heat flows unless  lined with cork, something few manufacturers of inexpensive scopes will  bother to do.
HOW ARE THE TUBES FINISHED?
The Sgr-3's tube is covered with a textured vinyl fabric which enhances  the weather resistance of the telescope, and its thermal properties, while  offering a surface which is very friendly to the touch. 
The tube of the 4 1/4-inch telescope is shipped with a weather-resistant  skin, and can be painted to suit the personal tastes of the user at any  time. We suggest enjoying a season of stargazing before personalizing the  finish of the tube, so that the stars don't have to wait for the paint  to dry!
Interior/exterior floor and deck enamel, applied after sanding the outside  of the tube with coarse sandpaper, does a nice job on the tube of the 4  1/4-inch Kit Scope. We recommend clear polyurethane varnish on the birch  plywood of the mount. The wood can be stained first to bring out the grain  of the wood.
 
