Reply  
With the limited info you've provided, I'd say you are in a borderline gray area about whether it will be successful.  If the water in the concrete freezes, it will prevent the concrete from hardening and crack the concrete.  I hope you get lucky and the concrete was able to complete it's chemical reactions before the freezing temps kicked in.  I'd say you have a 50/50 chance.  If I had to bet though, I'd bet you're going to have to redo the pour because the sonotubes are not that big around and the freezing temps probably got all the way into the middle of the tube.
You'll know if it failed because there will be cracks or chunks will fall off the pier once you remove the sonotube.
FYI, You're not supposed to pour when it's under 40F (unless you're going to constantly heat the area while the concrete is curing).  To do that, you would thaw out the ground before you pour, and then use blankets and tarps to insulate the concrete while it cures and maybe even use a propane heater under the blankets if it is really cold.  There are additives that help concrete cure in cold weather.  I don't remember what they are because I usually use a concrete truck and just tell them I'm pouring in cold weather and they change the mix.  I think they add more cement and air.  In any event, you have to insulate and/or heat the area for several days so the concrete will have it's critical chemical reaction, which won't occur in freezing temps.
One way to do sonotubes in cold weather is to dig the hole, put a 55 gal drum upside down over the hole with a propane heater inside for a few hours to thaw out the ground.  Set the sonotube and rebar, use hot water for the concrete mix and then pour the concrete mix into the sonotubes.  Put the inverted 55 gal drum back over the sonotube. Rig up a 100 watt light bulb and slip that under the 55 gal drum.  Cover the entire drum with a couple of blankets from the house and then cover all that with a tarp.  That will keep everything warm enough to cure the concrete.  This won't work in really cold weather - like below zero temps - but it will work if you are dropping into the 20's at night and it's getting up above freezing during the day.  Hope it helps....
