sample bid
 
Here is a sample landforms design and             construction bid. Notice the bid is a detailed sectional bid rather than             a summary bid.
Consultation and design fees:
Of course the initial consultation and bid are free and if the project is simple       and st
raightforward there is no design fee.       However, landscape designs and ideas take time and effort. Some clients       have established designs which a bid can be created from, other projects       require a design to create a bid. The design time needed is also influenced       by the size and scope of your project. Landforms charges for all time spent       (after the initial consultation) on design work.
Clearing and demo:
This work includes removal of all debris, old plant material, sod, existing       concrete, old fence, or wood deck from the project site. All material will       be hauled away and disposed of and whenever possible recycled.
Soil amendment:
Includes the delivery, import, spreading, and rototilling of a specific soil       amendment; for example adding nitrolized redwood compost into existing       soil. Landforms does not use weed pre-emergent, herbicides, roundup,       or any other weed control chemical on its projects. We will recommend other       natural alternatives to weed control.
Brick, concrete, or flagstone patio walkway:
Includes installation of approximately 400sq ft. of brick patio on 4” of   sand and 3” of compacted base rock. Brick, concrete color, and flagstone   to be determined by owner in design phase.
Small redwood deck:
Includes building selected heart redwood deck as shown on plans. Joists to       be pressure treated Douglas fir @ 24” on center. Posts to be 4”x       4” redwood set on concrete footings 8” diameter and 12” high       sonotubes with 12” x 12” base. All attachments will be with       galvanized nails, screws, and bolts.
Irrigation:
Includes layout and installation of a 6 station automatic irrigation system with backflow prevention device. Includes one valve for 4” Toro pop       up spray heads in lawn area, two valves for Toro spray heads on fixed nipples       in the groundcover area, and two drip valves for trees and vegetable beds.       One valve will be installed for extra future use. All valves will be wired       to an outdoor Hardie Rain Dial 6 station controller.
Landforms landscape construction and       design
office#(510)5250774
