THE FUNNEL CHUTE
THE HANDIEST GADGET FOR PLACING CONCRETE YOU'LL EVER SEE!
The Funnel Chute is a unique gadget that almost any concrete contractor can use to save time, money, and cleanup whenever concrete has to be placed into small openings such as walls, formed curbs, sonotubes, and small piers. It was invented by a concrete contractor and designed to endure the highly abrasive flow of concrete.
We've sold several thousand Funnel Chutes by direct mail to contractors and ready mix suppliers across the country during the past ten years.
The Funnel Chute will attach to ANY mixer chute (guaranteed) in seconds. The funnel is constructed of high-density, abrasion-resistant polyethylene. At the bottom of the funnel is a flexible Herculon boot that can be compressed a little to allow placement of concrete into a narrow opening or compressed completely to temporarily stop the flow of concrete while the chute is being repositioned.
READY MIX SUPPLIERS use the Funnel Chute to speed up jobs that are ordinarily slow, saving time for themselves and their customers.
MASONRY CONTRACTORS use the Funnel Chute to help fill blocks, saving time, labor and wasted concrete that would otherwise have spilled out of the trough.
CONCRETE CONTRACTORS use the Funnel Chute whenever they pour walls, formed curbs, sonotubes, and piers. When pouring walls, there is no need to have a man standing behind the wall with a splashboard. Simply fit the boot into the form and pour!
FOUNDATION CONTRACTORS use the Funnel Chute with a longer (optional) 4' boot to direct the flow of concrete into basement footings and prevent the normal slop-over and splatter of the concrete.
Price List (includes shipping to 48 contiguous states)
Funnel Chute with standard 8" boot $66.00
Funnel Chute with longer 4' boot 81.00
Replacement 8" boot 12.00
Checks or money orders should be mailed to:
Quality Products
Camden, AR 71711
Questions? e-mail us at: ax@cei.net
You may also place orders by e-mail when paying by credit card with PayPal. PayPal is a quick, easy, and completely free way to pay over the internet. Not a client of PayPal yet? Follow the link below for signing up quickly and easily:
