by rob » Mon Mar 17, 2008 11:42 am
Hi,
thanks for all the replies - I'm just trying to digest all the pros and cons.
I think I understand more about tubular enclosures thanks to Lois link - worth a read. I guess as a tube it holds its strength and tampering with that may prove fatal, which was what I was asking. Adding any sort of "corner" be it at right angles or otherwise could cause variations in pressure and affect its strength - may last a while but down the track I could imagine leaks etc. Larry's solution to insert a smaller tube in the front may reduce this problem if it can be attached properly and  also has the advantage of reducing reflections from the baffle which I am sure is an issue with these drivers having a wide radiation pattern. Current baffle is 26" wide. Slightly off topic - I have a pair of Beo Lab 6 tower speakers at the moment (selling for a friend) which are 4" dia tubes with two 3" mids and a 1" tweet plus some sort of 4th order (I guess) woofer (not sub). The sound from them is most unusual. You can move them 8ft apart or 1ft apart and the soundstage just gets squashed into that tiny space. Really weird but an artifact, I assume, of their tiny baffle width. The Tannoys are point source but suffer from their size (width) in the production of an holographic sound stage like the Beo- so the smaller tube may be worth a try just for that reason. (The B&O are toys BTW >90dB and the woofer just stops - they are active so I guess there's some govenor in there, but the weird part is that the rest keeps getting louder, yik!)
Cornner placement:  point taken, Lee, and some shuffling has occurred over the 3 or 4 years these boxes have "graced" the living room - on that point thanks for the photos of the subs, Ron, my wife didn't seem to mind yours, sorry they didn't work out for you but maybe you have answered question two. Regarding movement of the tube, the Tannoys have far less excursion than the units you were using but I wondered whether some ballast may be desirable.
Still waiting from a response from Boral re a retail supplier of the tubes. If I cold get all this in PVC It would glue together nicely and would be a goer for sure - even just for the experience.
Any further comment/advice is welcome.
Thanks again, will let you know how I go.
Rob
