1,214
Originally Posted by ehb
Assuming its a 40 inch frost line (I will check that- so far dont see anything published on it), then I assume that I just have to get below 40 inches (do you have to put the entire thickness of the footing or pad below frost line- does that matter?).
As to sonotube method, I assume this is correct and can be done in one pour if possible- gravel in hole, followed by rebar and 3 or 4 bags of Sakrete, then stick the sonotube into the wet concrete, plum and brace, cut tube to correct height above grade, put in rebar, and then fill up the tube? As to concrete strength, its twice as expensive but we are talking about 8 to 10 footings so is there anything wrong with using quickset?
If delivery of concrete block is not an issue- is there a frost issue on using them (blocks on top of footings) and are they commonly used?
I like the simplicity of a vertical piling foundation, creosote poles or ties stuck in a puddle of concrete and later cut at correct height with chainsaw once concrete is cured, but is that common as well? I assume that it would last a long time, but I like to overbuild and don't want a permanent cabin with a temporary foundation.
Finally, I can't quite understand what is meant by floating foundations. Have seen drawings of peices of creosote beams or ties stacked in large holes like cribbing, alternating with rocks at each layer, and which are stacked up to above grade then backfilled, with beam strapped to it above grade. I have also seen drawings of wooden pads just placed on grade. Are these "floating" foundations? These seem relatively easy- at least no mixing of concrete by the bag, etc, but are they really used unless you are trying to avoid permafrost issues, which I won't have?
Thanks for the help.
In anchorage we have to go 42" below the frost line by code, for foundations. For sonotubes we usually place 6-12" gravel then the tube, level it then pour concrete then place J bolts. Block is not a common footing material here, though it is used. If using crosties or power poles I have seen them used without the concrete, but you might get more movement with this system. Be sure that you use a frost break in the active frost layer, wrapping the pole with plastic from the ground line to the bottom of the frost line will keep the frost jacking to a minimum. Floating foundations are ones that allow the building to move with the seasons. If you don't mind an unlevel floor, or re-leveling 1-3 times a year tis works fine. Also no one mentioned Helical foundations. With a backhoe you could install them in no time. They cost 1-3 thousand a piece but you could install all 8-10 in a day or two. Below is a supplier in eagle river and their phone number. The web link is to the brand of helical foundations they carry.
ALASKA FOUNDATION TECHNOLOGY INC 907-694-3740
http://www.abchance.com/helical-anchors.asp
Also check out this old forum post http://forums.outdoorsdirectory.com/...dations&page=3
It ain't about the # of pounds of meat we bring back, nor about how much we spent to go do it. Its about seeing what no one else sees.
