Curved Alignments
foundations
Foundations for PermaTrak applications vary from shallow precast piers to driven piles. PermaTrak™ engineers stand ready to assist with your foundation design questions. We offer engineering and cad support details for your PermaTrak™ project.
Type 1: Precast Piers
Precast piers are advantageous to engineers and designers for many reasons. First, these relatively-light components are easily handled in the field by laborers or small lifting equipment such as a Bobcat®. Taller piers are achieved by adding risers to the precast pier. Typically 48 inches is a maximum height for a total precast pier. Second, precast piers allow for fewer disturbances to the sub grade and surrounding areas than driving deep foundations. Read about it here: Robertson Park and Kaiki Trail .
Type 2: Abutment
PermaTrak™ precast abutment is an “L-shaped” shallow foundation, much like a conventional bridge beam seat and typically used at the beginning or ending of the boardwalk run. Sections are poured in 3’-9” sections and butt-jointed together to form longer abutments. They are designed for lateral earth pressure against one side and for the load transferred from the beam and tread combination from the first span. This abutment will rest on a minimum 12”-thick layer of compacted stone so that load can be transferred uniformly to the insitu soil. These abutments contain a horizontal reveal positioned to receive the first groove on the adjacent tread. The beam seat of the abutment has a semi-circle shaped valley for proper seating of the precast beams.
Type 3: Sonotube with Precast Cap
Sonotubes are economical ways to construct shallow cast-in-place end bearing piers. The Sonotube acts as a stay in palce form for a reinforced concrete pier. The advantages associated with concrete piles (durability & longevity) are realized with this method. Once constructed, the precast caps are then attached to the top of the pier allowing proper alignement of the beams via the pin connectors.
Type 4: Piles
Common pile types for lightly loaded structures such as boardwalks are timber and concrete. However, other PermaTrak™ applications such as promenades, fishing piers or wharves may see larger loads and thus require steel piles. Typical capacities for timber, concrete, and steel piles are shown below.
Timber: 5 to 40 tons
Concrete: 60 to 120 tons
Steel: 60 to 150 tons
railings/curbs
The PermaTrak™ system allows for a variety of railing options. Railings range from the simplistic concrete curb or steel railing, utilitarian timber to ornamental aesthetic railings. Per the International Building Code, a railing measuring a minimum 42 inches from tread surface is required where the tread to grade elevation exceeds 30 inches. Code requirements for bicyclist applications require that the railing be a minimum of 54” tall. Otherwise, where the grade separation is less than 30 inches, concrete or steel curbs may be used, although not required. Typically, the railing and curbs are connected via a threaded bolted connection passing between the treads at the joint. Nut and plates are installed on the underside of the treads.
treads
Standard Widths = 3’-9”, 7’-6”, & 11’-3”
Thickness = 4” and 5 ½”
Standard Optional Colors : Natural Concrete, Phoenix  Tan, Smoke, Clay – Color Palette
Standard Textures: Form Finish, Broom Finish, 6” Cedar, Sandblast – Texture Palette
Engineered per code requirements with standard design loads up to H5 Live load (10,000 lb) vehicle. Heavier loads are possible but must be evaluated by PermaTrak™ engineering department. Contact our engineering support at 980-229-3036 or email Jason Philbin at jphilbin@permatrak.com .
Slip resistant
curved alignments
Curved alignments are accommodated by creating a series of wedge shaped treads. Although not always placed in pairs, it is the preferred choice to ensure a proper fit. Installation proceeds by setting a non-skewed face back to back with a non-skewed face. The degree of a turn is unlimited and simply depends on the quantity of wedge shaped treads. The minimum turning radius is a function of the selected tread length (10” or 24”) and tread width (3’-9”, 7’-6”, or 11’-3”). Minimum turning radii vary between 5’-4” and 28’-4” depending upon tread dimensions.
