Old Broad Street Galleries
What’s In The Railroad Museum?
The Lindsey Railroad Museum has photographic and art displays that cover     Texarkana’s 138-year history.  Texarkana was founded by the Texas & Pacific Railroad and the Cairo & Fulton Railroad in the winter of     1873-74.  In time, Texarkana became the regional hub of nine     railroad systems including the Texas & Pacific, Kansas City     Southern, and Missouri Pacific. 
The museum also includes     first-person stories about working for the railroads and memorabilia     such as uniforms, patches, badges and flags.  We have a theater in     which to watch films about railroads and a “hands-on” section for     children to ring the bells, toot the horns, and experience the     thrill of train travel.
Come and enjoy the glory days of     Texarkana’s railroads!
What’s In the Police & Fire Museum? 
Texarkana’s Police and Fire Museum is a unique     maze of photographs, art  and memorabilia that tell the story of     both Texarkana’s fire department and its police department.  Exhibits of photographs covering memorable fires in downtown     Texarkana tell the story of the end of timber construction in the     city after numerous expensive blazes.  Exhibits of police     photographs and equipment cover advances in police work over the     century.
This gallery also features a “Wall of Heroes”  honoring those policemen and firemen who lost their lives in service     to Texarkana.  Children will find the “hands-on” section lots of fun     as they set off the police cruiser lights and sirens and slide down     the fireman’s pole,
There is also a theater in which educational     films and Hollywood movies can be shown.
What’s In The Old Broad Street Gallery?
  Take a walk down Texarkana’s main business     street - Broad Street - in the 1890s.  Brick streets and gas lights     lead you along the ten storefronts that are replicas of actual early     stores in our downtown area.
Each store is filled with period goods and     commodities that early Texarkana residents would have purchased and     used.
Take a moment to reflect by the old town well     and then continue your stroll to the end of Broad Street.  When you     reach this point, you can look through the gallery’s front windows     onto Broad Street as it looks today.
You can arrange for your group to have a picnic     lunch in our welcome center overlooking old Broad Street, or, you     can book one of our specialty tours such as the Swampoodle     Entertainment District tour for adults only.
 
