Obama tours carnage of deadly US wildfire
Aljazeera - 23 hours ago
Hundreds of homes destroyed and tens of thousands evacuated as at least 40 wildfires continue to rage across western US. More »Obama tours carnage of deadly US wildfire
Hundreds of homes destroyed and tens of thousands evacuated as at least 40 wildfires continue to rage across western US.
Second death confirmed in Colorado Springs wildfire
Reuters - 19 hours ago
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - Authorities have found a second body in the debris of a burned-out home in Colorado Springs, marking the second fatality from a fierce … More »Second death confirmed in Colorado Springs wildfire
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - Authorities have found a second body in the debris of a burned-out home in Colorado Springs, marking the second fatality from a fierce wildfire that ranks as Colorado's most destructive on record after incinerating 347 homes, police said. Police Chief Peter Carey released no further details …
Hundreds evacuated as deadly storms flood Britain
AFP - Fri, Jun 29, 2012 4:10 AM EDT
Britain was bracing for more disruption on Friday after storms and flash floods in which one man died and hundreds of homes were evacuated. More »Hundreds evacuated as deadly storms flood Britain
Britain was bracing for more disruption on Friday after storms and flash floods in which one man died and hundreds of homes were evacuated.
New NASA Map Reveals US Wildfire Pollution
LiveScience.com - Fri, Jun 29, 2012 9:56 AM EDT
Besides torching forests and houses, wildfires throughout the United States are also releasing a lot of smoke and particulate matter into the air.   More »New NASA Map Reveals US Wildfire Pollution
Besides torching forests and houses, wildfires throughout the United States are also releasing a lot of smoke and particulate matter into the air.  
News Summary: Weather alerts coming to phones
AP - Thu, Jun 28, 2012 11:24 AM EDT
DIGITAL WARNINGS: Smartphone users will soon begin receiving text messages about approaching tornadoes, hurricanes, blizzards and other severe weather threats.HOW IT … More »News Summary: Weather alerts coming to phones
DIGITAL WARNINGS: Smartphone users will soon begin receiving text messages about approaching tornadoes, hurricanes, blizzards and other severe weather threats.HOW IT WORKS: When a warning is issued for ...
Colorado Springs fire ranks as state's most destructive on record
Reuters - Thu, Jun 28, 2012 7:12 PM EDT
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - A fierce Colorado wildfire that has forced the evacuation of some 35,000 people while raging for six days at the edge of the state's … More »Colorado Springs fire ranks as state's most destructive on record
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - A fierce Colorado wildfire that has forced the evacuation of some 35,000 people while raging for six days at the edge of the state's second-most populous city has destroyed 346 homes, Mayor Steve Bach said on Thursday, citing preliminary damage reports. If those figures hold up, the tally …
Europe's cities plan to combat mounting climate risk
Reuters - Thu, Jun 28, 2012 11:59 AM EDT
LONDON (Reuters) - European cities are planning to adapt to climate change as the risks become more severe, a report by UK-based emissions measurement organisation the … More »Europe's cities plan to combat mounting climate risk
LONDON (Reuters) - European cities are planning to adapt to climate change as the risks become more severe, a report by UK-based emissions measurement organisation the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) and consultancy Accenture showed on Thursday. Cities increasingly have to plan flood defences, ways to manage water in times …
Bad weather causes 90 percent Michigan apple loss
AP - Thu, Jun 28, 2012 11:31 AM EDT
Michigan's apple crop will be about 90 percent smaller than usual this year because of spring weather damage. More »Bad weather causes 90 percent Michigan apple loss
Michigan's apple crop will be about 90 percent smaller than usual this year because of spring weather damage.
Exxon's CEO: Climate, energy fears overblown
AP - Wed, Jun 27, 2012 4:10 PM EDT
ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson says fears about climate change, drilling, and energy dependence are overblown.In a speech Wednesday, Tillerson acknowledged that burning … More »Exxon's CEO: Climate, energy fears overblown
ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson says fears about climate change, drilling, and energy dependence are overblown.In a speech Wednesday, Tillerson acknowledged that burning of fossil fuels is warming the planet, ...
Wildfire victims crowd shelters as fight continues
AP - Thu, Jun 28, 2012 1:27 AM EDT
Fire crews fought to save the U.S. Air Force Academy and residents begged for information on the fate of their homes Wednesday after a night of terror sent thousands … More »Wildfire victims crowd shelters as fight continues
Fire crews fought to save the U.S. Air Force Academy and residents begged for information on the fate of their homes Wednesday after a night of terror sent thousands of people fleeing a raging Colorado Springs wildfire.
Colorado Springs mayor says hundreds of homes destroyed in raging Colorado wildfire
AP - Thu, Jun 28, 2012 10:05 AM EDT
Colorado Springs mayor says hundreds of homes destroyed in raging Colorado wildfire. More »Colorado Springs mayor says hundreds of homes destroyed in raging Colorado wildfire
Colorado Springs mayor says hundreds of homes destroyed in raging Colorado wildfire.
Former storm Debby churns away from sodden Florida
Reuters - Wed, Jun 27, 2012 5:04 PM EDT
TALLAHASSEE, Florida (Reuters) - The remnants of Tropical Storm Debby moved out into the open Atlantic on Wednesday and rains finally eased over Florida but the state … More »Former storm Debby churns away from sodden Florida
TALLAHASSEE, Florida (Reuters) - The remnants of Tropical Storm Debby moved out into the open Atlantic on Wednesday and rains finally eased over Florida but the state was struggling to clean up the soggy mess left behind. In Debby's wake were flooded homes and businesses, roads under water or cratered with sinkholes, and …
Hurricane Hunters Fly to Tropical Storm Debby's Heart
LiveScience.com - Wed, Jun 27, 2012 9:05 AM EDT
Tropical Storm Debby may be moving slowly, but the stubborn storm is keeping Air Force Reserve hurricane hunters busy. Crews have been flying into the storm since June … More »Hurricane Hunters Fly to Tropical Storm Debby's Heart
Tropical Storm Debby may be moving slowly, but the stubborn storm is keeping Air Force Reserve hurricane hunters busy. Crews have been flying into the storm since June 22 , when Debby was still an unnamed Gulf of Mexico squall.
More than 32,000 ordered to flee Colorado wildfire
AP - Wed, Jun 27, 2012 9:35 AM EDT
A stubborn and towering wildfire jumped firefighters' perimeter lines in the hills overlooking Colorado Springs, forcing frantic mandatory evacuation notices for more … More »More than 32,000 ordered to flee Colorado wildfire
A stubborn and towering wildfire jumped firefighters' perimeter lines in the hills overlooking Colorado Springs, forcing frantic mandatory evacuation notices for more than 32,000 residents, including the U.S. Air Force Academy, and destroying an unknown number of homes.
Tropical Storm Debby puts damper on Fla. vacations
AP - Tue, Jun 26, 2012 6:12 PM EDT
Debby, the guest that wouldn't leave, is ruining things for a lot of other visitors. More »Tropical Storm Debby puts damper on Fla. vacations
Debby, the guest that wouldn't leave, is ruining things for a lot of other visitors.
