No Comments »
Catching up here on some odds and ends, some this and that.
1) For any writer, a chance for word play and silly puns is welcome, and so on that note let’s talk about the PurpleHull Pea Festival coming up in Emerson, Ark., this weekend. Writing about this festival, which is so unique, is always fun, in part because the self-described “Pea-R” man for the festival is so enthusiastic about the job. The festival is also a real slice of life for Southwest Arkansas. The main festival day is this Saturday, and if you have a tiller you’re invited to bring it with for the Million Tiller Parade. As that “Pea-R” man himself, Bill Dailey, observed, they were even one million tillers short one year. Hopefully, tiller time will be living larger this year. There’s also a pea shelling competition (that wows in the spectators), a cornbread and peas cook-off (which is increasing in popularity), tractors and the actual rotary tiller race (kids division too). More info: PurpleHull.com .
2) We’ve written about composer and Texarkana native Clint Needham before, particularly the exciting composition he was commissioned to write for the Texarkana Symphony Orchestra. Needham was also commissioned to write a new piece for the 2011 Mizzzou New Music Summer Festival, specifically for the musicians in the ensemble Alarm Will Sound. The festival runs July 11 through July 16 in Columbia, Mo. Congrats to the busy and productive Needham!
3) Randy Sam’s Outreach Shelter will benefit from an acoustic guitar concert benefit show this Saturday, 6 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. at the Cabe Center of First United Methodist Church. It’s a $5 donation to see the show. Scheduled to perform are Mark Meadows, Paul Capps and other guests.
4) Tomorrow, Thursday, brings the annual TRAHC announcement of the upcoming Perot Theatre series season lineup. TRAHC will announce what shows are coming to the Perot during its membership party, starting at 6 p.m. in the Regional Arts Center. I’m looking forward to it.
- Aaron Brand
Youngsters compete in the kid's division of the World Cup PurpleHull Pea Shelling Competition in this photo courtesy of Bill Dailey.
Popularity: 1% [ ? ]
