May 25, 2010 by Mike Eisenberg  
Movie theater ticket prices may be on the rise , but Twilight fans will get the ultimate bang for their buck. AMC Theaters will present Twilight and The Twilight Saga: New Moon prior to the midnight showing of The Twilight Saga: Eclipse .
The move should keep so-called “Twi-hards” occupied instead of camping outside of movie theaters the entire day before. AMC must have been successful in their previous attempt when 150 theaters screened  Iron Man before the midnight Iron Man 2 showing.
Either way, this is a great move to bring people to the movie theaters (especially if you’re AMC). Not that Twilight fans would have been anywhere else – but theaters are fighting to maintain their legacy as prices rise.
Admission for all three films will cost $30 and includes a $10 AMC gift card applicable to anything the theaters have to offer. All things considered, that is an impressive deal. In addition to the movies, all attendees will receive a Twilight lanyard.
The AMC tickets may sell out faster than a Justin Bieber concert, but that doesn’t mean other theater chains won’t be getting in on the fun. Cinemark and Regal theaters are expected to promote similar showings. So, if you’re not planning a Twi-party, get some tickets and watch all three films the way they are meant to be seen.
I can say from personal experience that AMC does a fantastic job at these events. Only a few months ago, they held a 24-hour marathon of all ten 2010 Oscar-nominated films. I attended and proudly stayed awake through every movie. It was quite an experience, and AMC was especially fantastic in their operation.
Eclipse will bring back the cast of New Moon, but director David Slade takes the reigns of the third installment. In case you’ve been in a coffin for the last thousand years, Eclipse continues the adaptation of Stephanie Meyer’s novel series.
This particular installment explores an even darker take on the teenage love triangle :
“Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob — knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella has one more decision to make: life or death.”
The triple feature should be a great experience for the fans, but I worry about their ability to maintain an intense level of screaming for nearly ten hours straight. That’s a lot of strain on the vocal chords.
Think you’ll check out Twilight marathon at your local theater?
The Twilight Saga: Eclipse opens in theaters and IMAX on June 30th, 2010.
