The Texarkana Chamber would like thank the following sponsors:
Things to See and Do
Visit Texarkana and you’ll stay for the good life. With so many family-friendly  activities, lakes and woodlands, parks, sporting events, ballets, concerts,  gallery shows, antique shops, museums, historical sites, golf courses and rodeos  to choose from, you’ll see why – in Texarkana – life is so large it takes two  states!
This listing only includes a few of our fine attractions. To find more Texarkana  area attractions click here to search our Business  Directory.
STATE LINE POST OFFICE AND FEDERAL BUILDING
500 State Line Avenue, (903) 794-8561
One of the most unique features of Texarkana is the ONLY U.S. Post Office  sitting in two states. This Post Office straddles Texas and Arkansas and has  separate zip codes, 71854 for Texarkana, Arkansas and 75501 for Texarkana,  Texas. Built in 1932-33 the structure features a base of pink granite from Texas  and walls of limestone from Arkansas. Remarkably, Texarkana boasts this to be  the most photographed courthouse in the United States, second only to the  Supreme Court in Washington, D.C.
UNIQUE PHOTO OPPORTUNITY AT PHOTOGRAPHER'S ISLAND!
Experience a truly unique photo opportunity while straddling the Texas /  Arkansas State Line at Photographer's Island, located in front of the Post  Office. When you’re ready for a photo so large it takes two states, come strike  a pose on photographer’s island! 500 State Line Ave., Texarkana, USA.
SCOTT JOPLIN MURAL
311 Main Street
Check out the Scott Joplin Mural! This unique landmark is a colorful, outdoor  mural that depicts the life and accomplishments of the Pulitzer Prize-winning  composer and area native, Scott Joplin. The mural also features accurate musical  notes of the final measures of Joplin's famous song, The Entertainer. This  catchy tune stirred a revival of interest in ragtime music. The mural is located  on the south wall of the building at 311 Main St. near the Perot Theatre.
Historic  Perot Theatre 219 Main Street, (903) 792-4992
Marvel at the Perot Theatre located in downtown Texarkana. The theatre is a  jewel in the region, bringing the best of Broadway, classical music, ballet,  jazz, modern dance and more to Texarkana. First opened in 1924 as the Saenger  Theatre, Emil Weil’s Italian Renaissance design is an architectural marvel.  Through the generosity of native son H. Ross Perot, his sister Bette Perot, and  area residents, the beautiful old theatre was saved and restored into one of the  nation’s major performing arts centers. Throughout the year, the Perot Theatre  Series brings national and international productions to the region.
The photo of the Orchestra and Balcony Boxes shows the intricacy of the plaster  and design features that adorn this beautiful theatre. The theatre is on the  National Register of Historic Places.
To schedule a tour, call the Texarkana Regional Arts and Humanities Council  (TRAHC), (903) 792-8681.
REGIONAL ARTS CENTER
4th & Texas Boulevard, (903) 792-8681
The beautifully renovated Regional Arts Center originated in 1909 as a United  States District Courthouse. The old courtroom is now a grand hall with a  26-foot-high ceiling. National touring art exhibitions grace gallery walls  twelve months a year, and the halls ring out when the rolls are playing on the  unique reproducing player piano. The building is an example of Classical Revival  architecture featuring ornate plaster, a copper cage elevator, and a grand hall  with a 26 foot ceiling. Today the Center serves as the focal point for the  visual arts and houses the only art museum in the region featuring national  touring, juried and invitational exhibitions. The year-round programming also  includes classes, lectures, workshops, film series and tours. Also inside the  Center is the “For Arts Sake” Gift Shop filled with unique gifts. Not to be  missed! For further information, contact TRAHC, the Texarkana Regional Arts and  Humanities Council, Inc. P.O. Box 1171, Texarkana, TX 75504.
MUSEUMS:
ACE OF CLUBS HOUSE
420 Pine Street, (903) 793-4831
Don’t miss the Ace of Clubs House, uniquely designed and built in 1885. Legend  has it that entrepreneur James H. Draughon built the 22 sided house with the  winnings from a poker game and that the winning card was the Ace of Clubs. Each  room represents a specific period in the history of the house and reveals  interesting insights into the life-style of the families who lived there.
Open Tuesday - Saturday, 10 am to 4 pm. Admission: Adults-$5, Students-$3.50,  Senior Citizens-$4.50, children under 5 years-Free. Group tour rates and guided  tours are available.
MUSEUM OF REGIONAL HISTORY
219 State Line Avenue, (903) 793-4831
Located in the oldest brick building in Texarkana, the Historical Museum offers  a wide range of exhibits. Visitors will enjoy the Victorian Parlor, an  interactive musical exhibit dedicated to Scott Joplin, the “Father of Ragtime  Music”; and replicas of a Doctor's Office, an 1890's Farmstead model; and other  displays depicting the early history of Texarkana. There is also an exhibit that  focuses on the Caddo Indians that lived in the area and includes Caddo pottery,  tools, and other artifacts. The Museum is open Tuesday - Saturday, 10 am - 4 pm.  Admission: Adults-$2, Students-$1, Senior Citizens- $1.50, Children under 5  years-Free.
DISCOVERY PLACE MUSEUM
215 Pine Street, (903) 793-4831
The young and the young at heart will enjoy looking into the past and future  while visiting this unique museum. The Discovery Place Museum has a  one-of-a-kind 12 ft. sound wall, giant animal murals, and large scale hands-on  permanent exhibits focusing on science, history and human perception. A special  dress-up theatre and tot spot for younger visitors also create an atmosphere  where learning comes alive for the entire family. Open Tuesday - Saturday, 10 am  - 4 pm. Admission: $4 per person, children under five are FREE.
TEX-ARK ANTIQUE AUTO MUSEUM
217 LAUREL Street, (879) 772-2886
The auto museum is located between Third and Broad Streets in downtown  Texarkana, Arkansas. It is open from 9 am to 4 pm on Saturdays and from 1 pm to  4 pm on Sundays. Special tours are also offered through the week by appointment  only.
The Museum contains a rotating (every three months cars are changed out) display  of some 22 vehicles representing 4 to 5 decades of auto manufacturing along with varied automobile related items for your viewing pleasure. The Museum does not  charge admission, but it does accept donations. A library with automobile  related books, periodicals, and newsletters is also on the premises.
QUICKLINKS
