Kyl'Lee Colvin
_ The Miss Texarkana Organization is one of the oldest local pageants representing not just Texas, but also Arkansas. Twice as Nice is the City of Texarkana’s slogan. Something that we all can agree is a delight. The Battle for the crown in Texarkana Texas has had plenty of changes over the years. It was not to long ago, that a single girl would represent Texarkana Texas, while the following year representing Texarkana Arkansas. With the loving support of the Miss America foundation and Pageant system, Texarkana was able to compete two girls in the pageant. One girl goes to Texas the other goes to Arkansas. Texarkana is a unique town separated by a man made line, know as State Line Avenue. This avenue runs directly through the center of Texarkana and makes for great photos at the historic post office building. The south meet the west in geographical since. A town not always associated with its rich melting pot of cultures but as it’s the city of two cities. The one place you can be in the same town but in a different state. The Miss Texarkana Organization is proud once more to keep growing and evolving with the times. This year we welcome our new titles. Miss Twin River & Miss Twin Rivers Outstanding Teen, a wonderful addition to the already wonderful Texas and Arkansas state local, both Official Miss America beauty, scholarship pageants. Beauty inside and out is the goal of the Miss Texarkana Twin Rivers Organization. As one of the largest Scholarship Pageants in the United States, Miss America Organization not only helps save life’s it also helps create Style, Success, the importance of Service and promoting education through its many scholarships. To find out how you can enter please visit the reining title holders. To Enter The Miss Texarkana Texas Pageant you must be a resident of Bowie, Cass, Marion, Titus, Red River or Morris countiesTo Enter the Miss Texarkana Arkansas Pageant you must be a resident of: Columbia, Howard, Pike, Nevada, Sevier, Miller, Hempstead, Little River or Lafayette countiesTo Enter Miss Twin River Pageant you must be a resident of Texas and not live in the Counties specified for Miss Texarkana Texas. The Board of the Miss Texarkana Twin Rivers has over 100 years of experience together working in pageants across the country. With its rich diversity of new age and tradition, the team has successfully competed many girls to go on and win Miss Texas and Miss Arkansas while even bringing the Miss America title home. The Miss TTR Board of directors are always eager to work with new faces and bring the best out of everyone they have the honor of working with.
Support the Miss Texarkana Twin Rivers Organization
Miss Texarkana Twin Rivers Productions- Cody Buck
