Starpower is a highly respected regional chain with multiple locations in the Dallas, Texas area as well as an additional location in Scottsdale, Arizona. Starpower is very well suited for high end home automation, whole-home audio/video as well as your...
Home Theatre Gallery (Dallas - Fort Worth)
Serving the Dallas and Forth Worth areas since 2002, Home Theatre Gallery is a mid to high end home theater dealer with a strong installation department. They sell some top brands including Definitive Technology, JBL, JVC, Mitsubishi, Stewart Filmscreen, Planar,...... Read More
Dale Johnson Systems (Round Rock)
Dale Johnson is quietly a very high end yet small operation that installs very high quality home automation and home theater systems. Their go-to line is Crestron. Oddly, there is no portfolio page on their site although their projects have...... Read More
SoundQuest (El Paso)
El Paso-based SoundQuest is a mid-level home theater installation firm that also does mobile sound. They sell some very high end brands such as Classe, Epson and SIM2....... Read More
Audio Video (College Station)
Serving the needs of a Texas college town, Audio Video, could win a national award for the most bland company name. Their website is equally as bland - lacking any meaningful installation shots. The store has been around forever and...... Read More
Simplistic Audio-Video (Houston)
Simplistic Audio-Video in Houston is a solid custom home theater integrator. Simplistic goes beyond home theater to do whole-home audio and video distribution, lighting control, structured wiring, networks, phone systems and much more....... Read More
Sound World (Houston)
If you are looking for an audiophile fix in Houston - then look no farther than Sound World. They sell the good stuff from Krell, Audio Research, Balanced Audio Technology, Sonus faber, Bryston, Paradigm, REL, Rega, VPI and much more....... Read More
Sound Idea (Fort Worth)
Fort Worth, Texas's Sound Ideas has expanded past simple sound systems to whole-home integration that ranges from full media rooms to distributed audio to wine cellar systems and far beyond...... Read More
HomeTronics (Dallas)
HomeTronics is a top-level home integrator based in Dallas, Texas. They have won awards from the likes of Custom Retailer Magazine as well as Runco for being the top integrator in their area. HomeTronics' portfolio is very good and they...... Read More
Soundimage (Houston)
Soundimage is a Houston based design firm that specializes in high end digital home theater systems for high end homes. Sound Image sells Lexicon, SIM2, Control 4, AMX and Stewart Filmscreen....... Read More
Featured Audio-Video News
Bred in audiophilia and self-taught, Eric Alexander has achieved numerous successes.  None more important than Alexander's current company, Tekton Design's, whose success has been hard fought and earned.
Follow Home Theater Review
