TEXARKANA WALTZ  - Review - Theater - New York Times
November 29, 2002, Friday
THEATER REVIEW; Oklahoma Is the Place, But That's the Least of It
By BRUCE WEBER
You have to give credit where it's due, and ''Texarkana Waltz,'' a play at the Kirk Theater through tomorrow night, deserves a kind of admiration for its ardent pursuit of loopiness. It's a more or less impossible show to categorize, which seems to be one of the chief aims of the playwright, Louis Broome, who has melded genres like a mad crossbreeder and come up with a three-headed cow, or some such thing.
Written partly as a sendup of movie matinee westerns, partly as an Elizabethan verse drama and partly as a contemporary tale of family dysfunction, the show also includes country music and a vengeful ghost. That's quite a lot for one playwright to juggle -- too much, it turns out, for this playwright anyway. And though the script offers some entertaining inventions, by the end -- long before the end, actually -- you have to wonder about the point.
You have to give credit where it's due, and ''Texarkana Waltz,'' a play at the Kirk Theater through tomorrow night, deserves a kind of admiration for its ardent pursuit of loopiness. It's a more or less impossible show to categorize, which seems to be one of the chief aims of the playwright, Louis Broome, who has melded genres like a mad crossbreeder and come up with a three-headed cow, or some such thing.
Written partly as a sendup of movie matinee westerns, partly as an Elizabethan verse drama and partly as a contemporary tale of family dysfunction, the show also includes country music and a vengeful ghost. That's quite a lot for one playwright to juggle -- too much, it turns out, for this playwright anyway. And though the script offers some entertaining inventions, by the end -- long before the end, actually -- you have to wonder about the point.
To summarize the narrative is no mean feat, but here goes.
In a prelude, delivered by several characters directly to the audience with a Shakespearean attitude toward comic artifice (think of Puck at the end of ''A Midsummer Night's Dream'') but contemporary lingo (''What happened is this'' is the repeated refrain), we learn the background, which conjures up a tale of mythic proportions.
It all took place in Oklahoma. Eddie (Jesse Lenat), a bit of a hoodlum, fell in love with a girl named Emma (Tina Benko), married her and had two children by her, a boy, Houston (Adrian LaTourelle), and a girl, Dallas (Annie Parisse).
One day when the children were still young, in a fit of senseless pique, he killed his wife with a broken beer bottle. Houston, in turn, shot his father, wounding him.
The play then divides in three. One narrative branch depicts Eddie on Death Row (Mr. Lenat spends most of the play in an orange jumpsuit, strapped into an electric chair), receiving visitors on the last day of his life. A second, which takes place some years later, tells the story of Dallas and her lesbian partner, Morgan (Caroline Bootle), who live in Seattle and have to travel back to Oklahoma to retrieve Houston from a mental hospital, where he has been nearly catatonic since the killing. The third skein takes place in Houston's mind, which is filled with obsessive dreams about Cowboy Bob (Tom Wiggin), a hero from the children's book he was reading when the killing took place.
It's kind of a neat trick that Mr. Broome manages to close all the circuits of this plot. And the script is a wonder of ambition. A character is as likely to render a lofty thought in iambic pentameter as indulge in rollicking Western jargon. Sometimes a speech will do both at once:
''Been thinkin', Eddie cut my mother's throat,'' says Houston, who in his dreams seeks to avenge his mother's murder. ''World went about its business, paid no mind;/Killin' Eddie'll be more o' the same, I reckon./Nature won't move to mourn his petty death.''
Of course, without a consistently high level of invention, such ambitious flights of fancy grow tedious, and that is what happens in ''Texarkana Waltz.'' Moments of cleverness are linked by stretches of undistinguished exposition or sendups of clichés that fall comically flat. There are characters, notably an evangelist and a jailer, to whose stereotypes the playwright seems blind. And virtually every scene goes on longer than it should. Far too many speeches are repetitious and self-indulgent, and the director, Allison Narver, has been either neglectful of the show's pace, overindulgent of the playwright's somersaults or deaf to the play's rhythms. Maybe all three.
The performances are uneven, partly because every role seems drawn out. Mr. Lenat, a very good actor, is especially constricted and not just by the straps on his chair. He's given very little of interest to say, and what he says, he says over and over again, things like ''I ain't got no soul.''
The best of the performances are from actors in multiple roles, like Mr. Wiggin, who plays a compassionate hospital orderly and that unfortunate evangelist, as well as bringing a kind of dignity to the cartoon heroism of Cowboy Bob, who, among other things, passes along what seems to be sound advice on how to win a six-shooter duel. Chuck Montgomery, whose blustery Sheriff Truett is a font of Western metaphor, also plays Eddie's father, and in that role has the best moment in the show. The character has lost his larynx and speaks with a vibrator held to his throat; it's a very funny invention, especially when he suggests a singalong.
TEXARKANA WALTZ
By Louis Broome; directed by Allison Narver; sets and lighting by Michael Brown; costumes by Louisa Thompson; sound by David Arnold; original music by Mr. Broome, with additional music by Jesse Lenat; stage manager, Martha T. Buchta; assistant stage manager, Lars Prece; production manager, Joshua Helman. Presented by Basic Grammar, Mandy Greenfield, producer, in association with Rachel Neuburger. At the Kirk Theater, 410 West 42nd Street, Clinton.
WITH: Tina Benko (Emma), Caroline Bootle (Morgan), Doug Cote (Slim/Twitty), Adrian LaTourelle (Houston), Jesse Lenat (Eddie), Denise Lute (Mrs. Wicket/Patsy), Chuck Montgomery (Mr. Wicket/Sheriff Truett), Annie Parisse (Dallas) and Tom Wiggin (Nurse Bob/Cowboy Bob/Warden Bob/Father Bob).
