 
Change Ringing
First Presbyterian Church is blessed to have a "'ring of 8 bells"' in our church tower. These bells are rung in the centuries-old method of change ringing first brought to America by the British during the eighteenth century. The bells at First Presbyterian Church were among the first to be installed in a church west of the Mississippi River. The bells are rung regularly for practice, special worship services, weddings and funerals. Our tower hosts, on a rotating schedule, the Five Towers' Festival which is a weekend of change ringing sponsored by churches in Little Rock, Texarkana and Houston. It is not unusual for First Presbyterian Church to host as many as four bands of ringers from the United Kingdom that visit the tower throughout the year. Anyone age 12 and above is welcome to explore change ringing.  Our band of ringers practices on Monday evenings with Lessons for Beginners meeting in the tower bells from 6:30-7 p.m. and with tower bell practice from 7-8:30 p.m.  For further information, please contact the Tower Captain, Remica Gray (870-773-3741) or the church office.  For more information on the art of change ringing, visit the website of the North American Guild of Change Ringers .
Noon Advent Concert Series
First Presbyterian Church provides a time of meditation and reflection each Thursday during the season of Advent. These noontime music presentations are followed by a light lunch sponsored by the Presbyterian Women, the PW Zelle Moore Circle and the Chancel Choir. This series has become a tradition at First Presbyterian and is well attended by both the congregation and the community.  We draw upon a host of talented musicians from the Texarkana Women's Chorus, the Texarkana Symphony and the Texarkana community.
Special Music Productions
First Presbyterian Church often participates in and supports other musical events at the church. In the past the church has hosted the Lyon College Choir, guest organists and pianists, as well as the Texarkana Regional Chorale and the Texarkana Youth Symphony Orchestra. The Chancel Choir participates annually in a joint concert with the choirs of First United Methodist Church and St. James Episcopal Church here in Texarkana.
Handbell, Youth and Children's Choirs
These three choirs have been an integral part of First Presbyterian Church's music ministry. After an interim period when the search for a new music director is completed, these programs will again be offered.
Praise him with the sound of the trumpet; praise him with the psaltry and harp. Praise him with the timbrel and dance; praise him with stringed instruments and organs. Let everything that hath breath praise the Lord. 
Psalm 150: 3-4, 6
