Children
Kid-Friendly
Kids under 18 stay for free, if they share the same room with their parents or grandparents, and no additional bedding is required.
* Ages, discount and amenities may vary outside the United States of America.
Select Rate
Best Available Rate
This is the best available, non-qualified rate with no restrictions. Eligible for Choice Privileges® points or Airline Rewards at all brands in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Mexico, Australasia and the Caribbean.
Senior Rate
There must be an AARP member or guest age 60 or older in the room to receive this discount. Eligible for Choice Privileges® points or Airline Rewards at all brands in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Mexico, Australasia and the Caribbean. Ages, discount and amenities may vary outside of the United States of America. Rate is subject to availability.
AAA/CAA Program Rate*
AAA/CAA members save up to 10% at all Choice hotels in North America. This rate requires a valid AAA/CAA ID number to complete the reservation. Enter the 16-digit AAA membership number (without spaces) that is printed on your card.
Guest must show AAA/CAA card at check-in. Rate is subject to availability. This rate is eligible for Choice Privileges® points or Airline Rewards at all brands in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Mexico and the Caribbean.
Enter ID
This rate plan requires a valid AAA/CAA ID number to complete the reservation. If you do not have a valid AAA/CAA ID, please select another rate plan.
Select
Choice Privileges Reward Night
There are no blackout dates and U.S. and Canadian residents can reserve a room up to 30 days in advance in the U.S. or Canada or 60 days in advance at all other locations. European residents can reserve a room up to 30 days in advance in Europe or 60 days in advance at all other locations.
Government/Military Rate
Reserved for travel on official government business only for federal employees. Military personnel, their dependents and members of several government/military oriented associations are extended the rate for official and leisure travel. An eligible party must occupy the room to qualify for this rate. Rate is subject to availability.
Eligible for Choice Privileges® points or Airline Rewards at all brands in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Mexico, Australasia and the Caribbean.
State Government Rate
Local, county and state employees qualify for the State Government rate when traveling on official business. City, County or State Government ID required at check in.
Special Rate/Corp ID*
Available only to customers with a special rate ID. Eligible customer must be in the room in order to receive this rate. Eligible for Choice Privileges® points or Airline Rewards at all brands in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Mexico, Australasia and the Caribbean. Rate is subject to availability.
Enter ID
