Experience
VCC Project Experience
With over a quarter century in the construction industry and nearly twenty five decades of work experience combined, VCC has proven to be a leader. Our diverse experience and dedication to our clients sets us apart and enables us to provide excellence in construction. Due to our size and nationwide footprint, we have provided only a sampling of our marquee projects from each sector. For a complete list of our project experience, please Contact Us .
Entertainment & Theaters
Owner: Landmark Theaters
Architect: Plaskow & Real Corp.
Concurrent with it’s extensive renovation of the Westside Pavilion, VCC tackled the Westside Pavilion Too. The open air mall was totally renovated and enclosed, constructing the new 12-screen Landmark Theater. This very special project enclosed three stories of rather conventional tenant spaces, and in a unique design created a two-level theater, with auditoriums at virtually every angle. The Landmark’s auditoriums include a variety of stadium seating, extra legroom, leather seats and unique “Living Room Auditoriums.” The tight quarters and imaginative designs were a very “high-end” challenge for VCC, requiring special care in the pre-planning phase, and constant recognition of the exceptional standards and unexpected angles.
AMC - Burbank Entertainment Village
Owner: American Multi-Cinema Inc.
Architect: STK Architecture Inc.
This Entertainment Village project transformed a six-block area into an enormous entertainment and retail centerpiece for downtown Burbank. The hub of this project is the new pedestrian plaza created from the closure of a busy street, creating a sense of openness in an otherwise crowded space, using landscaping and kiosks. The new 16-screen, 4,200 seat state-of-the-art movie theatre with stadium seating, is surrounded by retail stores and restaurants, and two multilevel garages have been added with 885 new spaces for free parking.
Muvico
Owner: Muvico
Architect: Development Design Group Inc.
This construction of a 14-screen, 3,800-seat megaplex includes Muvico’s signature amenities such as a children’s playroom, video arcade, and the latest, a dine-in Premier Café. This Mediterranean Hacienda style megaplex includes a range of theater sizes and is considered the prototype for Muvico’s future construction. The highly detailed interiors include such features as imported tiles on walls and floor in yellow, blue, red and green hues with a handmade stone medallion floor inset.
United Artists
Owner: United Artists Theatre Circuit, Inc.
Architect: Stotser & Associates
This large theatre complex was creatively designed for both live stage productions and state of the art cinema. This expansion created a theatrical venue with 18 auditoriums, 90,000 square feet and approximately 3000 seats.
Rave - Northeast Mall
Owner: Rave Motion Pictures
Architect: Design International
The Rave at Northeast Mall is an 18-screen theater with an innovative digital sound system and multi-level design. Amenities include DLP and 3D Digital Projection, eighteen-inch stadium risers and true stadium seating in all auditoriums.
Regal Cinema
Owner: Regal Entertainment
Architect: TK Architect, Inc.
This 18-screen theatre was constructed in 2003 as part of the St Louis Mills Landmark center in Hazelwood, Missouri.
Cinemark
Owner: Merchants Holding Company L.L.C.
Architect: Wakefield Beasley & Associates
This 14-screen movie theater anchors Texarkana's newest retail box development Gander Mountain located in W Creek at 2301 University Avenue.
Century Theaters
Owner: General Growth Properties Inc.
Architect: E L S
This theater includes 20 screens, all are complete with stadium-style seating including love seats with rectractable cupholder armrests and reclining seats on alternating rows.
Experience
