How Much Does It Cost?
Tuition Cost
Tuition will be assessed for all ACP courses.  All are graduate level, with the exception of the Internship, ESL and Bilingual courses, which are offered at the undergraduate level.  Click here for current tuition fees. .  Please see Internship fee below for additional information. For a list of required coursework, please click here .
Book Cost
Book cost will vary  according to classes and course of study chosen by the A&M-Texarkana ACP  intern. 
Application  Fee
An Application fee of $50  must accompany your ACP Application.  Your check should be written payable to A&M-Texarkana ACP.
Certificate  Fees
Probationary:
A&M-Texarkana ACP interns  serve their Internship with a Probationary Certificate. There is a fee for the  Probationary Certificate paid directly to the State Board for Educator  Certification (SBEC).  The State Board  for Educator Certification (SBEC) requires all applicants for an initial  credential to be fingerprinted as part of a national criminal background  check.  A fingerprinting fee will be  charged.  See “I Have a Job…Now What?”
Standard:
After completion of the Alternative  Certification Program and all TExES requirements, interns are eligible for the  Standard Certificate. There is a fee for the Standard Certificate paid directly  to the State Board for Educator Certification (SBEC). Certificate fees are set  by the State Board for Educator Certification and are subject to change.
Internship  Fee
An Internship fee is  assessed to A&M-Texarkana ACP interns.  The fee for interns in the university-based program (traditional college course format at Texarkana campus) for interns and the online program (75% coursework taken online via computer/25% seminars at Mt. Pleasant campus) is $3000. The first payment is due October 1st.  In almost all instances, the district will make deductions from the salary of the intern and forward payments to the A&M-Texarkana ACP office. Districts will typically deduct 9 monthly installments from the intern's salary.  Please note:  The internship fee is in addition to tuition and is not applied until employment as teacher is secured.
To provide an operating budget for the A&M-Texarkana ACP
To provide a stipend for mentor teachers
To provide salary and travel for university liaisons
Practice  TExES Fee
The ACP Office offers  practice TExES tests that may be taken in the A&M-Texarkana Testing   Center.  The cost is $15 per content area testing.  Contact the ACP office to register for a  practice test.
TExES  Fee
The TExES Teacher Certification exam consists  of two tests.
Content  (Teaching Field/Specialization)
PPR  (Pedagogy and Professional Responsibility)
There is a fee for each exam.  Please see “ So I Have to Take a Test ” for additional information.             
               
THEA  Fee
The THEA (Texas Higher  Education Assessment) is available in A&M-Texarkana Testing   Center.  The THEA was formerly called the TASP. (Texas  Academic Skills Program)  The cost is  $29.  You may not need to take this test.  For additional information, please visit the THEA web site at http://www.thea.nesinc.com .
Scholarship
A&M-Texarkana       Financial Aid Office
The Financial Aid Office is located on the second floor of the Aikin Building in Room 221. Office hours       are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. All correspondence       should be directed to:
A&M-Texarkana Financial Aid Office:           (903) 223-3066
E-Mail Address:          fin.aid@tamut.edu
For additional information, please visit their web site at http://www.tamut.edu/finaid/index.php?pageid=7
Special Education Recruitment and Retention Grant provided by TEA for the universities in  the Texas A&M System
For additional information, please visit the “Be A Special Educator” web site   http://www.tamut.edu/beaspecialeducator and click on “Scholarship”.
Troops to Teachers Scholarship Information
Troops to Teachers (TTT) offers stipends of up to $5000 to military retirees,  and long term (10 or more year) reservists and Guard personnel currently in  drilling status to offset the costs of certification. The Program also offers  incentive bonuses of $10,000 to participants who teach in high needs schools.  If you are retired from military service or want to find out if you are  eligible for TTT, please call 1-800-810-5484 or visit web site at http://www.esc13.net/troops
 
