Union Station
 1 Review  Union Station is in the downtown area and sits diagonally across the Arkansas-Texas state line, with entrance and exit doors in either state. It was completed in 1929. The station served the two cities with their train service. The building has been restored and now has a restaurant. It still looks... 
Opulence and the Segregation
 1 Review  Around the private boxes and also the stage is $15,000 (1981 value) worth of 23K gold leaf giving a very opulent and grand look. The carpeting is the original design but has been reproduced by a British company and laid over hair padding. The rare wool comes from mountain sheep in the northern... 
Perot Theater
 1 Review  This wonderful old historic building used to be the Saenger Theatre which first opened in November 1924. The building took 17 months to construct and because its location to the busy railway station, it attracted such performers as Annie Oakley, Maurice Barrymore, Will Rogers and Douglas Fairbanks.... 
Box Office
 1 Review  The Box Office still displays the original black and white marble flooring although if you look closely to the areas just in front of the box office window you will see the indentations of many thousands of feet over many years. The old front doors originally had chicken wire in the glass since... 
Driving Tour - Historical
 dirigo Says:  Go to the downtown Post office to the Photo-op courthouse, where it stands in two states at the same time. There you can get information on a driving tour. Experience some of the history of the area from within your car! Seems like a great Idea, maybe that will catch on in... 
Garrison McLain House
 keeweechic Says:  This beautiful old home was built in 1895. It is a wonderful example of Victorian Queen Anne architecture and has been listed on National Register of Historic Places. Augustus M Garrison was a local prominent attorney. This area of town was known as "Quality Hill". The... 
Scott Joplin - King of Ragtime
 keeweechic Says:  Scott Joplin was a master composer of classic ragtime music and was influential in the formation of 20th century music. His birth date and place is uncertain but it is believed around July 1870 and mostly he either was born in Texarkana or came here at a very early age.... 
Museum of Regional History
 keeweechic Says:  The museum is located in the oldest brick building in Texarkana and features exhibits which inform of the regions history, its agriculture, early industry, civil rights and World War II. There is also an exhibit on Scott Joplin "Father of Ragtime Music", Huddie "Leadbelly"... 
