| Street View
This photo is a 1949-50 photo of the Century Theater in Texarkana, Arkansas. The location given for this theater was the “400 block of East Broad Street”. Click the link below for the photo. If you know anything about the Century Theater, please post it here.
Contributed by                 Lost Memory
Will Dunklin on July  9, 2006 at 10:20 am
Lost Memory: I drove through Texarkana only once (+/– 1989) and stopped to admire a VERY handsome downtown movie theatre – the Paramount. It had been tri-plexed and was showing current fare. It was too early in the day to be open and I could only peer in the front doors. The lobby had been meticulously restored and the exterior was sparkling clean. Wonder if that’s the same hall as this?
cubey on August  5, 2008 at 10:33 pm
You are thinking of the Perot Theater which was once owned by Paramount. The building of the Century theater still stands but is vacant. I will take a photo of it next time I go by there. If you look at the photo linked on “Related websites” above, the Hotel Victory no longer exists but the store next to it “Wellworths” is still in operation. With it’s old 5&10 display counters and all, but not much stock.
cubey on August  6, 2008 at  3:20 pm
I need to make a correction! It seems sometime in the 60s or 70s, the dividing west wall was torn out to expand Belk Jones and the front of the building was renovated to match. The old BJ building housed an antique mall for many years which I had been in. I had to think on it hard to remember that extra space on the east side of the store that was only 1 story high. That space is where the Century Theater was. So the building does more or less still exist but only 3 walls of it. Oddly enough, the antique mall closed and the entire building was converted into a night club. So now the old Century theater building is part of an entertainment venue once again after being retail for so long.
The Arkansas Historical Society magazine gives the address for the Century Theatre at 415 E. Broad St.
You must login before making a comment.
New Comment
Contribute something to the conversation
No personal attacks
