Perot Theatre Series lineup released | Arts & Culture
Title (Max 100 Charaters)
Perot Theatre Series lineup released
Submitted by
Monday, July 18th, 2011, 4:07pm
Topics:
Print E-mail
The Texarkana Regional Arts and Humanities Council released the lineup for the next years Perot Theatre Series.
Tuesday, October 11, at 7:30 p.m. Direct from Beijing: The National Acrobats of the People’s Republic of China.
Celebrating over 50 years of death-defying, high-flying, breathtaking acts, the National Acrobats will appear at the Perot Theatre on their first ever North American tour. With a troupe of 35 performers, you won’t want to miss this “acrobatic spectacular” that’s sure to thrill the whole family.
Friday, December 9, at 7:30 p.m. Miracle on 34th Street, a Broadway Musical
A Family Holiday Tradition! Based on the 1947 movie, this is the heartfelt story of a white-bearded gentleman claiming to be the real Santa Claus. Produced by Barter Theatre, the music and inspiration of this story reminds us that we don’t have to be young to believe in the spirit of Christmas.
Saturday, January 21 at 7:00 p.m. ELVIS LIVES!
ELVIS LIVES! is a live concert celebration including a multi-media presentation of photos, video and correspondence of the life and times of Elvis Presley. Three Elvis impersonators will take the stage Monday night along with a live band and an Ann-Margaret look-a-like tribute artist that will make you do a double take. Slip on your blue suede shoes and join us for the ultimate Elvis tribute concert – sanctioned by Elvis Presley Enterprises and the Presley family. Every ticket buyer will be entered to win a VIP trip for two to Graceland, valued at over $400. Someone in the audience is guaranteed to be a winner.
Monday, January 30 at 7:30 p.m. MOSCOW FESTIVAL BALLET CINDERELLA
A young girl’s tale of ‘rags to riches’ comes truewith the wave of a wand and a “Bippidi-Boppidi-Boo!” Direct from Moscow, Russia, this Columbia Artist Production is a beautiful combination of some of Russia’s greatest dancers and extravagant costuming. This is the first time since 2007 that the troupe has performed in Texarkana...follow Cinderella as she searches for her glass slipper in this beautifully choreographed production of "Cinderella."
Saturday, March 3 at 1:30 p.m. Clifford the Big Red Dog Family Musical
Travel alongside Clifford as he embarks on new adventures, but still teaches the essential values he always has: how to play together, respect one another, believe in yourself, how to work together and how to be a good friend. It’s sure to delight the kids and the kids at heart. This show is a TRAHC family special and not part of the Perot Theatre Series
Friday, March 9 at 7:30 p.m.YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN
A wickedly inspired re-imaging of the Frankenstein legend based on Mel Brooks’ classic comedy masterpiece, the story follows bright, young Dr. Frankenstein as he attempts to complete his grandfather's masterwork and bring a corpse to life. This show is gut-busting hilarious and one of the largest shows to come to the Perot Theatre.
Saturday, April 14 ~ 7:30p.m. Ed Asner as ‘FDR’
Rounding out the season is the one and only, Ed Asner! Explore the life and times of the famed and longest-term president Franklin D. Roosevelt in "Ed Asner as 'FDR' on Saturday, April 14 at 7:30pm. This new production has sold out in New York and Florida! For drama students, a special theatre workshop with Ed, himself, will be held the day of the performance. Be watching the website for more information.
Full Series go on sale to members July 25 and to the general public August 1. Patrons can join TRAHC as part of their ticket order and get additional savings.
Check the www.trahc.org or call 903-792-4992 for more information concerning dates, times and memberships. 
Mirroring other League of Historic Theatres around the country, TRAHC has instituted a Perot
Theatre Enhancement Fund with $2.00 of each ticket price going toward the specific goal of creating an even more enjoyable experience for our patrons.
A list of our goals will be posted in the lobby and mezzanine for patrons to track our progress and suggestions are always welcome!
Topics:
