HOME
AUDITION AT TEX*REP
Tex*Rep performs four plays per year. Two of the plays are produced in partnership with the Texarkana College Department of Drama. All of the plays are currently performed at the Stilwell Theatre on the Texarkana College Campus. Auditions for all of the plays are also held at the Stilwell Theatre.  All auditions for shows are "open," i.e., anyone who auditions will have an equal opportunity to compete for any role for which he/she could be qualified.
 
DATE: MONDAY, JULY 30TH AT 7:00 P.M.
LOCATION: Stilwell Humanities Bldg., Texarkana College Campus
ABOUT THE PLAY: This 2-time Tony and Drama Desk Award-winning treat is packed with nonstop laughs, over 150 zany characters (played by a ridiculously talented cast of 4), an on-stage plane crash, handcuffs, missing fingers  and some good old-fashioned romance!
What happens in an audition?
Simply put, you are given the opportunity to show the director what you can do.                You will come to the theater at the appointed time and fill out a form to turn in to the audition coordinator.  When your name is called, you will go into the theater. The director will be either be alone or, in the case of a musical, the musical director will be with him. He might ask you some questions to get to know more about you and to make you feel at ease. Then he will ask you to present what you have prepared. You will be given the opportunity to start over if you mess up (which we've all done many times!). Our goal is to make the conditions right so when you're finished, you feel that you really did show the director what you can do that might win you the part.
What should I prepare for an audition?
FOR MUSICALS: You should sing something that shows off your voice. Sing in whatever style fits you best.
FOR BOTH MUSICALS AND PLAYS: You will read a portion of a scene from the script with other people who are there to audition. Sometimes the director will ask you to read the part of a character you hadn't considered trying for. That's OK. He may see something in you that causes him to think you might be right for another role.
Here's a HINT: Most scripts for musicals and plays are available in a library or for purchase online. Those who become familiar with the script ALWAYS have a better audition. It also demonstrates to the director the attitude he's looking for, that you're a self-starter who would work hard to make the show a success.
What is the director looking for in an audition?
Besides the obvious - hearing you sing and speak, he is trained to look for potential that might not come through in an audition. He knows the process of bringing out the best in a performer, so he not only considers what you do in an audition, but also what he believes you could do with the self-confidence that comes from getting the part. He is also looking for people who want to be team players. Sometimes he has to go with hunches about whether the person auditioning would bring the right attitude to the project.
What are some tips for giving me an advantage in an audition?
Be prepared. Learn about the show you're auditioning for before coming. Know something about the role(s) you want. Know when the show is going to be performed.
Be energetic. Speak audibly and clearly. Listen to the director for instructions in the audition. Ask questions if you don't understand something.
Make an impression. Take some risks. Don't just play it safe. The director is not only looking for people who can sing, dance, and act. He's also looking for a certain kind of attitude. That attitude is revealed by your eagerness, openness to being directed, and the ability to overcome fear.
WEBSITE DESIGN AND MAINTENANCE DONTATED BY KIM LYLE, GRAPHIC ARTIST - krlcreative.com
