RV Parks in Texarkana, Arkansas
Dec  8, 2010 | By Robert Korpella
Texarkana is a city that spans both Texas and Arkansas. The metropolitan area had a 2000 Census population of about 35,000 people; although two separate municipalities, the two halves of Texarkana often work as one governmental body. Texarkana is home to at least half a dozen RV parks in and around the city.
Facts
Texarkana was named for the three states to which it is closest -- Texas, Arkansas and Louisiana. The State Line Post Office and Federal Building is the second most photographed courthouse in the United States because it sits squarely on the state line, half in Texas and half in Arkansas. It is also the only post office in the country located in two states. Both halves of Texarkana have their own mayors, city councils and city staffs.
RV Park Amenities
Most of the RV parks in and around Texarkana are full service with laundry rooms, restrooms, shower facilities and even small stores on the premises offering RV supplies, ice and sundry items. Swimming pools and playgrounds are common, and a few parks have hiking trails and fishing ponds. Several hundred sites are available in all, with many of them pull-throughs on level, graveled lots. Full hookups with electrical service up to 50 amps is very common. Wireless Internet and cable television are usually available, but not always free. One RV park, the Texarkana KOA, is the only RV park in the nation to host an RV art gallery on the premises.
Wright Patman Lake
Built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Wright Patman Lake is about nine miles southwest of Texarkana, Texas. The lake has 30,000 acres of water and 50,000 acres of land. Hiking trails, picnic areas and pavilions are scattered throughout the area. The lake offers boating, swimming and fishing, and it is a great place for viewing wildlife. Bald eagles winter here and the lake is home to pelicans and migratory ducks. A few RV parks are located around the lake, near the water.
Activities in Texarkana
Texarkana has several museums including the Museum of Regional History, Discovery Place Children's Museum and Draughon-Moore Ace of Clubs House. The latter is named because it is built in the shape of a club and is rumored to have been constructed with the funds won in a poker game. Texarkana also has a strong regional arts council that supports an art museum and the Perot Theater -- a Texarkana landmark since the 1920s. Perot is a beautifully restored old theater with private balconies and ornate interior architecture.
Nearby Attractions
Millwood Lake, a renowned bass fishing lake, is about 35 miles northwest of Texarkana. Like Wright Patman, it is also a great place for birdwatching and more than 300 species have been observed there. Packing a camera and binoculars along with fishing gear may be worthwhile for RV travelers who enjoy getting out in nature.
References
