Morriss Elementary school receives TISD dedication
Posted on: Friday September 14, 2007
By: Marie Martin - Texarkana Gazette - Published: 09/14/2007
All in one night, Texarkana Independent School District dedicated the Martha and Josh Morriss Mathematics & Engineering Elementary School, held a board meeting to name Texas High School’s performance center and theater and hosted a retirement reception honoring former superintendent Larry Sullivan with U.S. Rep. Ralph Hall, R-Texas, as guest speaker.
During the dedication, Superintendent James Henry Russell named the many people involved in bringing the newest elementary school to the district. Among those he thanked were Frank Coleman, president of Texarkana College; Dr. Stephen Hensley, president of Texas A&M University-Texarkana; Myron Stringer, construction manager; Rick Sandlin, project manager and principal at Morriss; David R. Lamb, architect; the engineering firm of Murray, Thomas and Griffin; the Morriss Family and Sullivan.
“The math and science school at Texas High was the first step in a three-step process,” said Russell. “Morriss was the second step and the Math and Science Building at Texas A&M-Texarkana’s Bringle campus is the third.”
The Morriss family donated the land for Morriss Elementary School.
“(Morriss) is a state-of-the-art elementary school with instruction opportunities specifically in the areas of math and engineering, but Mrs. Morriss wouldn’t let her name be on the school if it didn’t also have some incredible fine arts attached to it,” Russell said as he stood on the school’s stage shrouded in blue velvet curtains and advanced theater lighting. “It’s a lot more than just math and engineering. That’s a special part of it, but the fine arts are definitely important to this school, too.”
In honor of their contribution to public education and the children of the community, Josh and Martha Morriss were awarded the Crystal Tiger by the TISD Board of Trustees, students and staff.
“This award is only given to very, very special people related to the Texarkana Independent School District,” said Russell. Later, Hall also awarded them with a flag that has flown over the U.S. Capitol.
The board members called a two-minute meeting to approve the naming of the F. Larry Sullivan Performing Arts Center and John Thomas Theater to be built on the campus of Texas High School.
Russsell said Sullivan’s work with the community aided the passing of two successful bond issues to provide the funding for the performing arts center.
The center is estimated to cost $10 million. Groundbreaking is expected to occur in early 2008 and completion is set for fall of 2009.
A second motion was made by TISD Board Member Jo McMullen to name the 1,000-seat theater after Thomas, a retired THS drama teacher. He has been the house manager at the Perot Theatre for 27 years and recently retired, but continues to volunteer. He is a founding member of TexRep, a local theater company.
Hall said “the citizens of Texarkana have a vision for their future.”
“Morriss Elementary School will help a century of people who believe they can learn and achieve,” he said.
The reception for Sullivan immediately followed the dedication.
Copyright 2004 The City of Texarkana, Texas All rights reserved. Legal Statement
