http://www.embassytheatre.com
"The Embassy Restoration Project is more than just trying to recapture a memory, it is a commitment to our future and to our children." Isn't that what we all strive for in THSA?  Clean, easy to follow sites, both still under construction.
Lansdowne Theater (Lansdowne PA)
http://www.lansdownetheater.org/home.html
The Lansdowne Theatre is an ornate movie palace inspired by romantic Spain. The lobby and foyer are Spanish Mission in style. The auditorium is influenced by Spanish Baroque, and has painted ceilings. On April 17, 2010, the Lansdowne Theatre had a special movie screening to kick-off restoration efforts, with a plan to reopen as a performing arts theatre. A brief history page and a few photos tell the story.
Roxy Movie Theatre (Lock Haven PA)
http://www.roxymovies.com
A single screen Roxy Theatre was built in the early 1920s, competing with two theatres until 1970.  The Roxy remains the only theatre in Clinton County.  In December 1995, new owners completely restored the art deco building. Short history but no photos.
Media Theatre (Media PA)
Really short (one paragraph) history and one nice photo of the house.
Elks Theater (Middleton PA)
http://www.elkstheatremiddletown.com
THSA member Jonathan Crist also has a theater "just down the road a piece" from the Roxy. The site is still under development, but includes a detailed history page. Take a look and e-mail Jonathan with your suggestions for completing his emerging site.
West Shore Theatre (New Cumberland PA)
A wonderful 1940 art deco theater that still enjoys success today!  Great vintage photos and history.
Newtown Theatre (Newtown PA)
This is a great little theater, although the site isn't much and their history section is a little thin.
Roxy Theater (Northampton PA)
http://www.roxytheaternorthampton.com
My favorite theater mogul, Richard Wolfe, has finally put together a site celebrating the long, wonderful saga of his Roxy Theater. Lovely graphics and photos, with a page dedicated to the Roxy's charming theater organ. If you aren't lucky enough to be able to visit the Roxy in person, this site will make you feel as if you've been there.
Bushfire Theatre of Performing Arts (Philadelphia PA)
http://www.bushfiretheatre.org/
Opened in 1914 as the Locust Theatre with a seating capacity of 1,400. It was a vaudeville and motion picture house in West Philadelphia. By the 1930's The Locust Theatre was showing movies only. In 1977, the Bushfire Performing Arts Group acquired the Locust Theatre, and renamed it the Bushfire Theatre
Devon Theater for the Performing Arts (Philadelphia PA)
This nearly 800 seat movie house was designed in late Streamline Moderne style by the firm of Thalheimer & Weitz. It opened in 1946.
Sam Eric/Boyd Theatre (Philadelphia PA) http://www.SaveTheSameric.org
Read all about it!  The fight goes on, the stakes are high.  Help if you can! Anyone connected with the historic theater restoration scene has heard much about the Sam Eric/Boyd situation in Philadelphia.  THS member Howard Haas and company have waged a valiant fight to save a theater that had been called "Philadelphia's last movie palace".  The following link will bring you up to date on this important theater project. Be sure to visit the photo gallery, scroll down to the new photos marked Lobby Niche to Balcony Chair. The balcony chair is an original 1928 chair found upstairs.
Colonial Theater (Phoenixville PA)
http://www.thecolonialtheatre.com
The Colonial opened as a legitimate and vaudeville house in 1903. It was featured in the 1958 sci-fi low budget classic "The Blob." Since then, The Colonial Theatre has been restored and renovated. It now shows art house, independent, and classic films as well as hosting live entertainment and special events. The annual "Blobfest" festival honors the film that made the theatre famous. The installation of a Wurlitzer pipe organ was completed in 2010.
Benedum Center (Pittsburgh PA)
Built as the 2,885 seat Stanley in 1928. Unfortunately has only one photo and no history.
Heinz Hall/Loew's Penn (Pittsburgh PA)
Part of the general Pittsburgh Symphony site, this page links to a nice history section and one vintage photo.
Sovereign Performing Arts Center (Reading PA)
http://www.sovereigncenter.com/
Built in the 1870s as a market with a Masonic Temple on its upper floors, it became the Academy of Music in 1886. Purchased by the Rajah Shriners in 1917, it was home first to vaudeville, motion pictures, opera and ballet. In 2000, the Berks County Convention Center Authority purchased and renovated the Rajah and, following a seven million dollar facelift, established a permanent home for the performing arts in Reading and Berks County. At that time, the Sovereign Bank purchased "naming rights" and the Rajah's name was changed to the Sovereign Performing Arts Center.
Early Theater History (Scranton/Pocono region PA)
A site dedicated to theater history in the Scranton, Wilkes Barre region of PA.  A great narrative with good photos.  Also contains some interesting Houdini links, as there is a museum dedicated to the master magician in this area.
Columbia Theatre (Sharon PA)
A super history page detailing the great resiliency of the Columbia, with great photos.
Montgomery Theater (Souderton PA)
The structure that houses Montgomery Theater in Southeastern Pennsylvania was once the old Souderton firehouse. The main floor of the structure, the original engine room, was renovated into a new 122-seat theatre.
Struthers Library Theatre (Warren PA)
http://www.strutherslibrarytheatre.com/
“Built in 1883, the Struthers Library Theatre is the 18th oldest continuously operating legitimate theatre in the United States, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. One of the most stunning historic theatres in Northwest Pennsylvania, the Struthers Library Theatre graces the corner of Liberty Street and Third Avenue West in the heart of Warren’s Historic District.”
Watson Theatre (Watsontown PA)
A restored 1940 movie theater that is thriving.  Three cheers (and whistles) for the Whistler family, who own and operate it.  When you're in Watsontown, drop by for a visit.
Comerford Theatre [now F.M. Kirby Center] (Wilkes Barre PA)
Interesting history on the theatre which is now operating as the F.M. Kirby Center. Features photos and an article from a 1945 Showmen's Trade Review.
Strand-Capitol Theatres (York PA)
http://www.strandcapitol.org
Located on the corner of George and Philadelphia Streets in downtown York, the  Strand-Capitol Performing Arts Center serves as a leading arts presenter in  south central Pennsylvania. The complex includes two historic theatres -- the  Capitol Theatre built in 1906 and the Strand Theatre which opened in 1925  primarily for vaudeville and silent film. Includes a nice color photo gallery.
Strand Theater (Zelienople PA)
