Former storm Debby churns away from sodden Florida
Reuters - 7 hours ago
TALLAHASSEE, Florida (Reuters) - The remnants of Tropical Storm Debby moved out into the open Atlantic on Wednesday and rains finally eased over Florida but the state … More »Former storm Debby churns away from sodden Florida
TALLAHASSEE, Florida (Reuters) - The remnants of Tropical Storm Debby moved out into the open Atlantic on Wednesday and rains finally eased over Florida but the state was struggling to clean up the soggy mess left behind. In Debby's wake were flooded homes and businesses, roads under water or cratered with sinkholes, and …
Hurricane Hunters Fly to Tropical Storm Debby's Heart
LiveScience.com - 14 hours ago
Tropical Storm Debby may be moving slowly, but the stubborn storm is keeping Air Force Reserve hurricane hunters busy. Crews have been flying into the storm since June … More »Hurricane Hunters Fly to Tropical Storm Debby's Heart
Tropical Storm Debby may be moving slowly, but the stubborn storm is keeping Air Force Reserve hurricane hunters busy. Crews have been flying into the storm since June 22 , when Debby was still an unnamed Gulf of Mexico squall.
More than 32,000 ordered to flee Colorado wildfire
AP - 14 hours ago
A stubborn and towering wildfire jumped firefighters' perimeter lines in the hills overlooking Colorado Springs, forcing frantic mandatory evacuation notices for more … More »More than 32,000 ordered to flee Colorado wildfire
A stubborn and towering wildfire jumped firefighters' perimeter lines in the hills overlooking Colorado Springs, forcing frantic mandatory evacuation notices for more than 32,000 residents, including the U.S. Air Force Academy, and destroying an unknown number of homes.
Tropical Storm Debby puts damper on Fla. vacations
AP - Tue, Jun 26, 2012 6:12 PM EDT
Debby, the guest that wouldn't leave, is ruining things for a lot of other visitors. More »Tropical Storm Debby puts damper on Fla. vacations
Debby, the guest that wouldn't leave, is ruining things for a lot of other visitors.
Hot weather sets records in the Dakotas
AP - 13 hours ago
Hot weather that blanketed North Dakota and South Dakota led to some weather records. More »Hot weather sets records in the Dakotas
Hot weather that blanketed North Dakota and South Dakota led to some weather records.
US wildfire bursts into Colorado residential area
AFP - 5 hours ago
A massive wildfire swept through a residential area of Colorado's second most populous city on Wednesday, forcing more than 32,000 people to flee and prompting President … More »US wildfire bursts into Colorado residential area
A massive wildfire swept through a residential area of Colorado's second most populous city on Wednesday, forcing more than 32,000 people to flee and prompting President Barack Obama to plan a trip to the western US state.
Floods cut part of I-10 as Debby storms over Fla.
AP - Tue, Jun 26, 2012 11:39 AM EDT
Debby flooded homes, an animal shelter and closed parts of the main interstate highway across northern Florida on as the storm hung stubbornly offshore over the Gulf … More »Floods cut part of I-10 as Debby storms over Fla.
Debby flooded homes, an animal shelter and closed parts of the main interstate highway across northern Florida on as the storm hung stubbornly offshore over the Gulf of Mexico, threatening up to two feet of rain in places.
Firefighters battle to save homes from huge Colorado wildfire
Reuters - Tue, Jun 26, 2012 4:39 PM EDT
COLORADO SPRINGS (Reuters) - A wildfire roaring virtually unchecked near some of Colorado's most visited tourist sites kept some 5,000 people displaced on Tuesday as … More »Firefighters battle to save homes from huge Colorado wildfire
COLORADO SPRINGS (Reuters) - A wildfire roaring virtually unchecked near some of Colorado's most visited tourist sites kept some 5,000 people displaced on Tuesday as firefighters tried to hold the flames back from hundreds of homes on the outskirts of the state's second-most populous city, authorities said. The so-called …
Tropical Storm Debby Breaks Record with Early Debut
LiveScience.com - Mon, Jun 25, 2012 3:17 PM EDT
An unusually early spate of tropical storms has been keeping forecasters busy this year, and now Tropical Storm Debby, the fourth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane … More »Tropical Storm Debby Breaks Record with Early Debut
An unusually early spate of tropical storms has been keeping forecasters busy this year, and now Tropical Storm Debby, the fourth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, has set a record — this season marks the first time in more than 150 years that so many storms have showed up so early.
Tornadoes from Tropical Storm Debby hit Florida, one dead
Reuters - Sun, Jun 24, 2012 8:26 PM EDT
MIAMI (Reuters) - Two tornadoes spawned by Tropical Storm Debby, the first named storm of 2012 to enter the Gulf of Mexico, hit Florida on Sunday, killing a woman, injuring … More »Tornadoes from Tropical Storm Debby hit Florida, one dead
MIAMI (Reuters) - Two tornadoes spawned by Tropical Storm Debby, the first named storm of 2012 to enter the Gulf of Mexico, hit Florida on Sunday, killing a woman, injuring a child and wrecking homes in the central portion of the state, an official said. The twisters hit the southern end of rural Highlands County and wrecked …
Climate activists scale gates of Buckingham Palace
AP - Sat, Jun 23, 2012 2:48 PM EDT
Four climate change activists scaled gates at Queen Elizabeth II's Buckingham Palace home on Saturday and locked themselves to railings in a protest demanding more urgent … More »Climate activists scale gates of Buckingham Palace
Four climate change activists scaled gates at Queen Elizabeth II's Buckingham Palace home on Saturday and locked themselves to railings in a protest demanding more urgent action to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
Utah wildfire keeps 2,300 people out of homes
AP - Sat, Jun 23, 2012 5:57 PM EDT
Unpredictable winds and high temperatures were challenging crews in their battle Saturday against a Utah wildfire that forced more than 2,300 people to flee their ho … More »Utah wildfire keeps 2,300 people out of homes
Unpredictable winds and high temperatures were challenging crews in their battle Saturday against a Utah wildfire that forced more than 2,300 people to flee their homes.
Thousands evacuated as wildfire nears Colo. towns
AP - Sun, Jun 24, 2012 2:33 PM EDT
A wildfire near Colorado Springs erupted and grew out of control to more than 3 square miles over the weekend, prompting the evacuation of a popular vacation town and … More »Thousands evacuated as wildfire nears Colo. towns
A wildfire near Colorado Springs erupted and grew out of control to more than 3 square miles over the weekend, prompting the evacuation of a popular vacation town and the closure of nearby highways Sunday.
Hurricane Season Sets Record for Early Formations
Yahoo! Contributor Network - Sun, Jun 24, 2012 6:01 PM EDT
The Atlantic hurricane season has set a record. The Associated Press reports Tropical Storm Debby, churning in the Gulf of Mexico, is the fourth named storm to form before … More »Hurricane Season Sets Record for Early Formations
The Atlantic hurricane season has set a record. The Associated Press reports Tropical Storm Debby, churning in the Gulf of Mexico, is the fourth named storm to form before July 1. That's the most tropical systems to form that early in one year since record keeping began in 1851. Other years have had three tropical storms …
Toll from Colorado wildfire raised to 248 homes
AP - Mon, Jun 25, 2012 12:25 AM EDT
The total number of homes destroyed by a two-week old wildfire in northern Colorado was raised to 248 on Sunday as residents of a subdivision near Fort Collins learned … More »Toll from Colorado wildfire raised to 248 homes
The total number of homes destroyed by a two-week old wildfire in northern Colorado was raised to 248 on Sunday as residents of a subdivision near Fort Collins learned that 57 more homes in their neighborhood had been lost, authorities said.
