U.S. Route 82
The Loop (consisting of US 59, as well as Texas State Highway Loop 151 and Arkansas Highway 245)
As of October 2010, multiple highway projects are in progress to expand area highways and relieve strain on the Richmond Rd. and Summerhill Rd. exits. Continuous access roads, expanded bridges, and a new I-30/US 59 interchange are under construction. I-49 is being extended from Shreveport, with a future extension planned to Kansas City in the US 71 corridor.
[ edit ] Culture and education
Museum of Regional History in downtown Texarkana
Notable historical buildings in Texarkana include the post office and federal building that straddle the state line, the Ace of Clubs House, The Perot (Theater), and the Regional Museum . The Aces of Clubs House is shaped like a club on a playing card and supposedly inspired by a winning poker hand.
The Texarkana Symphony Orchestra was established in 2005, providing the community with several professional concerts of classical music every year. In 2007, the Texarkana Youth Symphony Orchestra was established, presenting spring and winter concerts.
Texarkana College , a community college whose origins date to 1927, enrolls more than four thousand annually. Texarkana College provides associate degrees in with Art, Behavioral Science, Business Administration, Criminal Justice, Drama, Foreign Language, Government, History, Journalism, Music, Nursing, Social Science, Biology, Chemistry, Engineering, Math and Physics. Also, Certificate programs in workforce training are offered in HVAC, Auto Body Repair, Auto Technology, Computer Technology, Construction Technology, Cosmetology, Culinary Arts, Diesel Technology, Drug and Alcohol Abuse Counseling, Electricity, EMT, Management, Marketing, Office Careers, Small Engine Repair, Vocational Nursing and Welding. Texarkana College has two student resident halls for full-time students. Students and community members alike can enjoy a full service recreation facility complete with the area's only Olympic-sized heated indoor swimming pool. The Continuing Education Department offers non-credit enrichment classes for the community, local businesses wishing to provide targeted skills training to their workforce and also children in the area. More information can be found on their website at www.texarkanacollege.edu.
In 1971, East Texas State University began offering classes at the campus, an institution that later became Texas A&M University–Texarkana . Texas A&M University-Texarkana has constructed a large campus at Bringle Lake. Historically an upperclassmen and graduate institution, in 2010, TAMU-T began accepting freshmen and sophomores. In 2011 the first dormitory opened at Bringle lake campus.
A branch from The University of Arkansas Community College at Hope (UACCH) recently opened in Texarkana.
[ edit ] Local lore
Owing perhaps to its nature as a divided city and its remoteness from large urban areas, Texarkana has long been known as a hotbed for ghost stories , mysteries , and other colorful local lore . However, most of them are untrue.
[ edit ] The Phantom Killer
Main article: The Phantom Killer
In 1946, Texarkana was the site of one of America's first widely-publicized serial murders , in which five people were killed and several others injured by an unknown assailant. Dubbed the " Texarkana Moonlight Murders " by news media, the violence focused on couples occupying popular "make-out" spots in and around the town, such as back roads and "lovers' lanes". The only description of the killer was that he carried a handgun and wore a mask. The case was never solved and the spree ended with no suspects arrested.
Youell Lee Swinney , who was 29 at the time, was arrested but released. He was later released from prison in 1974 after serving 28 years for the theft of a car and other crimes, but he was never convicted of any murders. He had been implicated by his wife who claimed she was present when he had committed the murders, yet her accounts of the incidents varied over several tellings. Swinney himself denied having any involvement—a denial he maintained until his death in 1993 at age 76 in a prison hospital (where he had been held for counterfeiting and other crimes). Many believe nevertheless that he was the murderer, including several of his prison inmates who claimed Swinney had confessed to them[ citation needed ]. His sister, Mildred Swinney-Sones , also believed he had committed the murders.[ citation needed ].
These events inspired the film The Town That Dreaded Sundown , released in 1977, written and directed by Charles B. Pierce , and starring Ben Johnson , Dawn Wells , and Pierce himself. Some of the facts of the original case were fictionalized or altered for the film, including victims' names.
In recent years, most area police and sheriffs' records of the case were discovered by investigative journalists to be mysteriously missing. No active files of the cases are currently being maintained by area law-enforcement agencies. Some locals believe that the Phantom Killer died long ago; some claim that he was a member of the local upper class aristocracy, which collaborated to keep his identity quiet to avoid scandal. Local lore maintains that he was more a supernatural force than a human being, and that he will return one day to resume his bloody deeds[ citation needed ]. Technically the case is still open, though as of 2006 [update] it is considered cold. If the killer is still alive, considering when the crimes took place, he would likely have been born circa 1928 at the latest, which means he would be in his eighties today [update] .
[ edit ] Fouke Monster
The swampy terrain of Boggy Creek , near Fouke, Arkansas , a small Miller County town southeast of Texarkana, is the reputed home of an anthropoid cryptid similar in appearance and behavior to the Pacific Northwest 's Bigfoot and Sasquatch , and to the Skunk Ape of Florida legend. A film dramatizing these stories, entitled The Legend of Boggy Creek , was released in 1972. Two sequels, Return to Boggy Creek (1977) and The Barbaric Beast of Boggy Creek, Part II (1985) (AKA Boggy Creek II: And the Legend Continues; the "official" sequel made by the original film's director, Charles B. Pierce) followed with very little commercial success (although The Barbaric Beast of Boggy Creek, Part II was featured in the tenth season of Mystery Science Theater 3000 ). Locals commonly refer to this creature as the "Fouke Monster" and a number of persons have reported seeing the creature in various locations in and around Fouke. Most of the reported sightings have occurred during the hours of darkness, which has contributed to the lack of adequate descriptions of the creature itself.
[ edit ] Notable people from Texarkana
