Post a comment
Some towns are located on county lines and that line divides them. Texarkana is a town that is located in two distinct and different states. The Arkansas-Texas state line runs through the center of the dual cities, with a population of about 61,000. The state line actually runs through the middle of the Texarkana post office and courthouse, which is said to be the only federal building in the United States that is situated in two states. According to the Arkansas Handbook, written by Diann Sutherlin, it is recorded that the official name of this area was credited to Colonel Gus Knobel, a surveyor for the railroad, came to the state line, and marked the name TEX-ARK-ANA on a board and nailed it to the tree with the request that the name of the town built here should be Texarkana. This name is derived from the names of the three states, TEXas, ARKansas, LouisiANA.
The Louisiana border is only 25 miles from Texarkana, so that is the reason for using the state name in the city's name.
It is difficult for the states and city governments to keep a viable mix of laws and regulations for the municipality.
The main street, State Line Avenue, is a picturesque one. It is clearly marked at the state line, so a tourist can visit both states by a mere jaunt down this street.
In the town, there is a n Ace of Clubs House, which is a 22 sided house, which was said to have been built from card winnings of its owner, James H. Draughon. It is an architecture wonder, especially the central octagonal stair hall, which gives it the shape of the playing card. There are tours available.
There is a Bi-State Justice Center located on N. State Line. Inside this building, since it is located in two state, special legislation are applicable only inside the building.
The Discovery Place Children's Museum is an educational and hands off entertainment plaza for both children and adults. This is a science lab, theater, and a sound wall sculpture which add to the learning environment.
The Museum of Regional History is a treasure trove for historians who want to see the history of the area through exhibits. This history goes back to the founding Indians, the Caddo tribe.
The Perot Theatre is an historic theater first opened in 1924. It has been restored and is home to many Broadway shows throughout the year.
The Scott Joplin Mural is located in town, and is a colorful tribute to the Pulitzer prize winning composer and ragtime pianist who lived in Texarkana.
The Millwood Reservoir is located 27 mile north on U.S. 71. It is known for its bass fishing and red ear bream. Fishing, camping, and boating are available there.
The town has many motels and eateries. The food menu runs from steak to fast food restaurants. There is something for everyone's budge.
The area has ample shopping opportunities from souvenir shops to unique specialty shops. The shopping enthusiast will not be disappointed in this venue.
For more information about this unique town, you can contact the Texarkana Chamber of Commerce at 819 State Street, Texarkana, TX 75501, or 877-275-5289. A visit to the multi-state town will prove to be enjoyable. It is located off Interstate 30.
Published by Kathie Trower
I have been a freelance writer for 18 years. I have more than 550 articles published to date on various subjects in periodicals throughout the United States. I taught Weight Watchers for 13 years .   View profile
