Credit Card Policies
Avis accepts most major credit cards as credit identification at the time of rental.
Accepted credit card list: Avis Charge Card, American Express, AT&T Capital, Diner's Club Int'l, Discover, GE Capital, JCB, MasterCard, PHH, Sears and Visa.
Some locations may not accept each of the referenced cards.
Top
Debit Card Policies
This location does accept bank debit cards with the MasterCard or Visa logo at the time of rental if you are at least 25 years of age. You will be subject to a credit check to determine and ensure credit worthiness before releasing the car to you.
At the time of pickup, a debit card cannot be used for the required hold if renting from the cool car selections.
Avis reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to seek a Debit Card authorization hold in excess of the estimated rental charges. We will place a hold on your account of $200 plus the estimated rental charges. THESE FUNDS WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR YOUR USE. When the rental is over we will process the reversal but the bank may take time to post it back to the account.
If you fail to return the vehicle as agreed, Avis will obtain additional authorizations from your account to cover the rental charges.
Avis is not responsible for any returned checks or over-drafts based on this policy.
Positive identification in addition to your driver's license may be required.
In the United States, Debit, Cash or Check cards can be used at the end for payment of rental charges. For acceptable credit identification and payment methods in countries outside of the United States, please consult the Renter's Guide and search for the specific location.
Note: Prepaid Debit/Gift cards are not acceptable methods of credit identification to pick up a car at any location. One of the above mentioned cards must be presented. Prepaid Debit/Gift cards are accepted at time of return only.
Top
Driver's License Requirements
At time of pick up, driver must present a valid, U.S.-issued driver's license and credit card (or debit card at participating locations) in the driver's name. If the driver's license is not U.S.-issued you must present your drivers license and either a passport or a Canadian enhanced license in the driver's name.
Top
Additional Fees
Optional services, special equipment and one way fees are subject to tax in certain locations. This tax is not reflected in the Estimated Total.
 Frequent Flyer surcharges may be applied at time of rental.
Extensions or late returns result in additional charges.
Top
Age Requirements
Rather than requiring customers to be 25 to rent, Avis at this location now rents to customers between the ages of 21-24 with a valid credit card and driver's license. At time of rental, we will automatically apply an additional $27-per-day underage surcharge for these drivers.
Additionally, the following restrictions also will apply for renters between the ages of 21-24: Renters of luxury cars, mini-vans, 12-passenger vans, specialty cars, full-size SUVs and premium SUVs will not be permitted.
Government Minimum Age Policy - Military (FEMA, US Postal Dept., Navy and Army) and Civilian Personnel
Minimum age - 18 years (no underage surcharge will apply) with government travel or purchase order
Minimum age - 21 years (no underage surcharge will apply) with no government travel or purchase order
Top
DMV Checks
At the time of rental, the renter or authorized driver may be subject to an electronic DMV check from the issuing state of the driver's license, or may be asked to sign a declaration attesting to specific criteria:
The renter/authorized driver has a valid license that is not currently suspended, expired, revoked, canceled or surrendered.
The renter/authorized driver has not, within the last 36 months had 1 or more convictions for reckless driving.
The renter/authorized driver has not, within the last 36 months had 1 or more convictions for driving under the influence (DUI), driving while intoxicated (DWI), or driving while alcohol impaired (DWAI).
The renter/authorized driver has not, within the last 36 months failed to report or leave the scene of an accident.
The renter/authorized driver has never been in possession of a stolen vehicle or used a vehicle in a crime.
The renter/authorized driver has not, within the last 24 months had 3 or more convictions for moving violations (including seat belt violations).
The renter/authorized driver has not, within the last 36 months had 3 or more accidents
Top
Rate Requirements
Renters who have indicated a country of residence outside of the US will be required to present a non US issued drivers license and a non US issued passport OR an international airline ticket at the time of rental to qualify for the rate.
Top
Rental Options
If you have added any of the following rental options to your reservations, terms and conditions may apply.
Where2 GPS Navigation:
Taxes not included.
Available at participating locations.
Minimum age is 25 but may vary by locations, underage surcharges may apply at certain locations.
Reliability of directions subject to timing of software implementation as well as that of which has been provided by the maker of the installed maps.
I (renter) acknowledge that the rental vehicle may be equipped with Where2 which utilizes global positioning system. I acknowledge that Where2 may be limited by atmospheric or topographical conditions. I further acknowledge that Where2 may be rentered inoperative if Where2 is tampered with or destroyed and or damaged in an accident or if the satellite systems are obstructed and inoperative.
Customer is responsible for all costs in the event of lost, stolen or damaged Where2 unit and all of its components.
Renter agrees to release and hold Avis harmless for any Where2 failures.
Gas Service Option
Fees for the Gas Service Option are not included in the Estimated Total.
Fees are assessed and applied at the time of rental.
Fees vary by location and are determined by current market valueof gasoline in surrounding area of rental location and the fuel tank size of rental vehicle.
Customer will receive no credit or refund for unused fuel left in tank at time of return.
Roadside Safety Net
Taxes not included in the Estimated Total and will be applied at the time of rental.
Roadside SafetyNet (RSN) service is available at all participating locations in the U.S., Canada, Puerto Rico, & U.S. Virgin Islands and New Zealand.
RSN covers the cost for assistance with key replacement, lockouts, tire change service fee, jump starts and emergency fuel delivery (up to 3 gallons).
Prohibited use of the vehicle will void this option.
Avis Blast Portable XM Radio
Taxes not included in the Estimated Total and will be applied at the time of rental.
Available at participating U.S. locations
Customer is responsible for all costs in the event of lost, stolen or damaged Avis Blast Unit and all of its components.
Other Options
Rental options no selected/offered on the avis.com website can not be modified online but have been calculated in the Estimated Total.
Taxes not included in the Estimated Total and will be applied at the time of rental.
Modifications to these rental options must be made by contacting customer service or can be made at the rental counter.
Top
