Daily Horoscope for June 28
Aries
You need some light relief and it's about to arrive in the shape of some unexpected incidents. Don't panic however, because these are unlikely to make you want to tear your hair out with frustration. Instead, you'll enjoy being carried along by the swift pace of the events that are unfolding around you, and you'll learn some interesting facts about yourself in the process.
Taurus
Maybe it's a reaction to the gloom of the past couple of days, but you're feeling restless and easily bored. Ideally, you should abandon at least part of your usual routine and do something radically different instead. Not only will this make you feel more lively, it will also bring you into contact with fresh ideas and new developments which you might otherwise have missed.
Gemini
You're longing to show a new side to your character today, so what do you have in mind? If you're usually worried about playing a part, living up to your reputation or setting a good example, you'll want to put all that to one side for the time being and just do what comes naturally. The more straitlaced you usually are, the more liberating this will feel. Maybe you should do it more often...
Cancer
Make the most of today's broad-minded attitude and sample a slice of life that you might not try at other times. For instance, you talk to someone whose appearance or attitude would normally make you want to avoid them like the plague, and discover that there's much more to them than meets the eye. You could also be tempted to plan an exciting journey of the mind or body.
Leo
Prepare yourself for some unexpected events today, particularly where close relationships are concerned. Someone might show a different side to their personality or make a declaration that catches you off-guard. If an intimate partnership has been getting stale, start discussing how you can both liven things up a little.
Virgo
You've have the chance to make a new friend today, who might even turn out to be a partner in the long run if that's what you want. You're very attractive right now and it hasn't escaped certain people's notice. As a result you could be in great demand, and you might meet someone who brings out a particularly charismatic aspect of your personality. They'll make you shine!
Libra
This is a terrific day for embarking on a new routine or for altering your work schedule because the changes will inspire and excite you. If you're beginning a new job today, it's likely to bring you a few surprises along the way but it will also encourage you to think for yourself and to have the courage of your own convictions.
Scorpio
The more open minded you are, the easier it will be to spot good ideas when they come along now. Some of these brainwaves could be quite revolutionary or futuristic, which is why you need to clear your mind of preconceived ideas. You might also become very engrossed in a humanitarian or environmental project that's intended to make the world a better place.
Sagittarius
There are some interesting developments on the home front today as a loved one is likely to make a surprise announcement. An unexpected visitor is also in the Stars. If you're currently moving house, you should suddenly discover a place that's perfect for you. The more open-minded you are now, the better your experiences will be.
Capricorn
Life is full of pleasant surprises today. You could bump into the very person you were hoping to see, or hear from an old friend out of the blue. This is a super day for introducing some changes, such as altering part of your daily routine. You might also get the urge to do something unusual or unconventional.
Aquarius
Turn your attention to your daily routine. Is it stimulating, exciting and satisfying? Or is it boring, stultifying and frustrating? If you're fed up with it, this is a marvellous day for introducing some constructive changes. You might even be inspired to do something radical, such as completely revise the structure of each day or decide to look for another job. Anything goes now.
Pisces
You're at your most dazzling and engaging right now, and your sparkling personality will attract plenty of admirers. You have a strong need to express yourself and prove that you're an individual in your own right. You don't want to be neatly filed away in a pigeonhole, and instead you want people to recognize that you're a unique human being. Be ready for love.
