President at Arroyo Consulting Services
Demographic info
Greater Denver Area | Financial Services
Current:
President at Arroyo Consulting Services
Past:
CFO, Tempo Finacial Holdings Corporation/ i-transfer at Arsenal Capital Partners, CFO, Global Vendor Finance at CIT Group, Inc., CFO, North America Financial Services at Volvo, North America, CFO and Controller at GE Commercial Services, CFO at GE Capital de Mexico, Finance Manager, PR Region at GE Capital, Commercial Equipment Finance, Tax and Treasury Manager at Caribe GE Products, Tax Manager at Arthur Andersen & Co
Education:
Universidad de Puerto Rico
Summary:
Please contact me at: joe.a.arroyo@gmail.com All Invitations To Connect Welcome, No IDK LION - LinkedIn Open Networker Several strategic US and international CFO roles have helped me develop a keen ability to successfully lead finance teams to drive sustainable shareholder value in fast paced environments. Skilled in the art of providing solutions to CEO's and President's that balance risk, liquidity and profitability. I engage operations and other functional areas to resolve business issues at their source and actively listen to optimize results. As the internal business, accounting and finance expert, I hold myself and other team members accountable for results while meeting the highest standards of integrity. I lead by example and pride myself in working well under pressure and across organizational lines as was demonstrated by supporting a global division in and out of bankruptcy and effectively dealing with consultants and investment bankers. I am a CPA and have held CFO or Controller roles for the last 15 years. Skilled in change management, M&A integration, and adept at building and mentoring teams. My experience partnering with the CEO or President includes working with joint ventures and wholly owned companies as well as supporting, start-ups, acquisitions and divestitures. My international experience includes living abroad for 5 years and I am fluent in Spanish. If you need a proven CFO/Controller please call me at: 919-360-8553.
