Joe Arroyo, Colombian Salsa Legend, 1955 to 2011
Written by Steve
Álvaro José Arroyo González (also known as Joe Arroyo or El Joe; 1 November 1955 – 26 July 2011)
Joe Arroyo (full name Alvaro José Arroyo Gonzalez), son of Guillermo Arroyo and Angela González, was born on 1st November 1955 in Cartagena, a city of about 1 million inhabitants on the northern Colombian coast. Arroyo grew up in a poor family with no less than 39 siblings and half-siblings.
Cartagena has a long history of being one of the most important ports when the spaniards conquered this part of South America in the 16th century and is known for it´s beautiful arquitecture and scenic landscape right on the Caribbean coastline. Joe grew up here surrounded by all the Latin and Colombian music styles such as Cumbia, Son, Tambores etc, which all were to become part of his own musical repertoire later on. He also listened to, and was inspired by salsa stars from outside of Colombia and artists from the New York salsa scene.... artists like Richie Ray and Celia Cruz who were a couple of his greatest idols.
The reputation always has it that his own musical career started at the age of eight when he started singing in local strip clubs in Cartagena, but he was also part of the choir in the cathedral of Cartagena at the age of 12. A local piano teacher and leader of a group who played at a hotel called "El hotel Americano" regonized his talent and beautiful, unique voice and singing style, and brought him in to play with them and he ended up singing with the group for four years.
This was until 1971, when he was picked as a singer for a group which later went on to become the most famous salsa group of Colombia - "Fruko y sus tesos", lead by salsa-magician Julio Ernesto Estrada Rincon (nicknamed Fruko) and thus also became part of the most famous record company in Colombia, Discos Fuentes, which later also were to release a vast number of his solo records.
With Fruko he recorded some of the most famous Colombian salsa songs in history (although he does not sing "El Preso", a common misconception. Fruko has had a number of vocalists and "El Preso" is sung by another famous colombian singer, Wilson "Saoko" Manyoma.)
The songs sung by Arroyo with Fruko are:
"El negro chombo", "Manyoma", "Los Patulekos", "Nadando", "El cocinero mayor", "Lloviendo", "El arbol", "Catalina del mar", "Confundido", "Quiero de nuevo empezar", "Flores Silvestres", "Yo soy el punto cubano", "El Ausente", "Tania", "La vi partir", "La cara del payaso", "El Caminante", "Bamboleo en el mar", "El amor", "Alma Navideña".
Other songs are sung by other Fruko singers such as Wilson "Saoko" Manyoma, Piper "Pimienta" Diaz etc.
In 1981, after having been one of the singers in another famous colombian salsa group for a period, "The Latin Brothers", Arroyo decided to fulfill his dream of having a group of his own and named it Joe Arroyo y La verdad (The truth). Although it took some time to get the project started (before it got started his friends used to say it should be called "La Mentira" (The lie) since it never materialized), once formed this was where Joe Arroyo´s full talent was finally to be seen. "La Verdad" allowed him to explore all the different latin music styles and his genius as a musician was on full display.
In his teenage years he had left Cartagena for another city a bit further up the coast, Barranquilla. A music metropolis in Colombia that ever since became the city of his heart and that he was going to dedicate many songs to. Barranquilla is known for being the home of many great musicans and a meeting point for up and coming musicians.
Barranquilla is also known for its carnaval which many argue is the most dinamic and beautiful after the carnaval in Rio, which is not bad for a city with only a fractions of the number of inhabitants. During carnaval (carnaval is just four days but festivities starts in January and go on through out February ending on Ash Wednesday) a contest is held where orquestras and groupations get to show off their talent and compete for the prestigous "Conga de Oro" award (The golden conga). Joe Arroyo and his band won this prize 8 times. Infact it was decided in 1990 that he was going to receive a special "Super Conga de Oro" to give other bands a chance of winning it.
During the 80`s a lot of Arroyos most beautiful songs were made that brought him recognition. Songs like "Mary" [ LISTEN ], "Echao Pa'lante" (echado para adelente, meaning `ready´ or `fit for fight´), [ LISTEN ] "En Barranquilla me quedo" (In Barranquilla I´m staying), "Por Ti No Morirè", "Son Apretao" [ LISTEN ], "La Noche" a long with many, many others. And not least the immortal song "Rebelión-(No le pegue a la negra)" [ LISTEN ] which is the reason many people first discover the bonanza of songs of Joe Arroyo.
Not everything was easy street for Joe before he reached fame with his band. During the early years of the eightees Arroyo suffered from severe health problems due to stress and a lot of partying and drug use. The doctors saw his chances of recovering as small and one time, 7th September of 1983 when he weighed only 42kg and was confined to his bed, they were sure he was going to die. However miraculusly he managed to fully recover and 23rd October, a month and a half later (although he had problems paying the bill) he was allowed to leave the hospital ready to start a new creative life.
Many of Arroyo´s songs and lyrics can be seen in the light of that incident and credited a lot to "the higher force" and for example wrote the song "A mi Dios todo le debo" (To my God I owe everything). After leaving the hospital he said: "No soy fanático pero por toda ésta experiencia me di cuenta de que existe un ser supremo. Seguro que sí; por eso digo que 'a mi Dios todo le debo" ("I´m not a fanatic but this whole experience made me realize a supreme being exists. For sure; therefore I say 'to my god I owe everything')
In 1989 he did his first european tour after releasing the record "La guerra de los callados", although he had previously performed in Great Britain, Miami and New York. Joe Arroyo has released a large amount of records, exploring all kinds of styles within the latin genre. He has even come up with a music style of his own drawing from different latin rhytms, and named it "joesón".
Arroyo regulary returned to doing a lot of songs within the traditional Colombian music styles, "Para que no me olviden" (so you won´t forget me!) like he says himself.
Arroyos style on stage was always very modest. He didn´t move very far from the microphone, although the energy of the music was released through his always stepping feet. His presence and the intensity of his performances were amazing. Every song sung with that special spontaneous, natural ease yet with preciseness. He always had a special expression on his face on stage, full of joy but modest, almost insecure.
 
