Get info on my upcoming gigs and booking.
2012 is the 100th birthday of Woody Guthrie and the 11th year of my Tribute To Woody Guthrie. I will probably mostly be doing the Woody tribute all year long. It also will be the year of the release of the DVD of the show.  We filmed  it on September 17 at Berkeley's Freight & Salvage, with Greg Dewey on washboard and drums, Suzy Thompson on fiddle and Cajun accordion, and Blake Richardson on washtub and upright bass. Pete Slauson shot it with 5 hi-def cameras and 24-track digital audio.
Music from the forthcoming DVD of my Tribute To Woody Guthrie is now available for download here.
Watch me and a cast of thousands singing "This Land Is Your Land" in front of San Francisco City Hall on Earth Day.
I have been working on a new album to be titled Time Flies By. Co-produced by Tim Eschliman and myself, it will have 25 songs from solo to full band covering a time period of 30 years of song writing. It will be released soon and available here at my Country Store and as a download and some other places. Preview the songs and musicians.
Richard Epstein's Critical Thinking (3rd ed., published by Wadsworth Cengage) is a  pretty widely assigned textbook.  And it uses as an example my statement, "blaming soldiers for war is like blaming firefighters for fire." Read the section.
The incredible Bear Family Records box set Next Stop Is Vietnam: The War on Record, 1961-2008, consisting of 13 CDs and a 300+ page book, is out. I consulted on and contributed to this massive project. You can buy it at the Country Store. Check out a review at Allmusic, another at Military.Com, another from New Zealand, and another from NPR. The set was named number 9 on The Nation's Progressive Honor Roll 2010. (People interested in this topic might like to know that La Salle University's Vietnam discography is now available online. )
Lincoln Cushing's exhibit of political posters, "All Of Us Or None: Social Justice Posters of the San Francisco Bay Area," runs at the Oakland Museum of California through August 19.
Bill Mankin has written a thoughtful history of rock festivals.
My son Devin has bought Berkeley's beloved Mr. Mopps' toy store. See pictures of the official grand opening. You can visit Mr. Mopps' on the web and on Facebook.
Mark Kapner, keyboardist with Country Joe and the Fish at Woodstock, hosts Swing Out New Hampshire, a Lindy Hop dance camp annually in September.
The Hugh Thompson Foundation has been formed in honor of the hero of My Lai. It will devote itself to issues of veterans' welfare and military ethics.
The City of Berkeley is continuing to work on the bronze plaque commemorating Berkeley's casualties in World War II. There is a now revised list of names. If you know of someone from Berkeley who died in that war, please check the list to make certain that person's name is on it. ethics.
Fan Jake Brutman has started an on-line petition calling for the induction of Country Joe and the Fish and Canned Heat into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. You can sign it here.
Bobby Roth's film Berkeley, featuring 10 Country Joe and the Fish songs, is available on DVD from Amazon.
More Wuzzup...
I have put together a fifty-minute "Tribute To Florence Nightingale And Nursing" using spoken word and song. I have tried to tell the story of the Lady With The Lamp and my interest in her life in an entertaining and educational way. The listener will gain much new information about the founder of modern nursing from her own words and the words of experts on her life and my songs about her and nursing and my own words. If you are interested in having me come and perform this tribute please e-mail me. Read a story about the show from NurseWeek, and another about my performance at Samuel Merritt University.
 
