New Year’s Special: Salsa Rhythm & Timing Video »
La Rebelion by Joe Arroyo, a new Salsa Rhythm & Timing video
Following a request by a user, we have created a new Salsa Rhythm & Timing video for the song “La Rebelion” by “Joe Arroyo y La Verdad”. This song is commonly known as “No le pegue a la negra”, which means “Don’t beat the black woman”. The song is about the slavery in America, in the 16th century, telling the personal story of a black slave whose wife was beaten. Finally, the slave could no longer stand this treatment, and rebelled, protesting about beating his wife.  The story happens in Cartagena, Colombia, the place where  Joe Arroyo, the singer, comes from.
From a dancer point of view, this song poses several challenges that can be easily spotted when watching the video:
The speed (tempo) of the song changes constantly throughout the song. We have included a speedometer in the video so you can visually see the speed changes. As you can see, the speed varies by more than 15% across the song!
There are two short phrases that occur in the song. A phrase is usually 8-beat long, and fits with a single forward-and-backward footstep cycle.  A short phrase, consisting only of 4 beats instead of the usual eight, challenges the dancers and requires them to break or use some other trick in order to accommodate to the sudden change of the “1″ beat.
The Clave pattern breaks twice, using a technique called “3:3 Clave License”. The Clave is the fundamental pattern that holds together the rhythmical structure of the Salsa music. A “Clave License” happens when the arranger of the song decides to break the Clave pattern in order to match changes in the phrasing. This phenomenon is common in Cuban music, yet unusual in music from New York. We will publish a detailed post about the Clave, its role in the music and Clave changes, so keep an eye open.
For your convenience, here are the lyrics for the song. If you feel like translating them into English, please leave a comment with the translation below:
Quiero contarle mi hermano
un pedacito de la historia negra,
de la historia nuestra, caballero
Y dice así:
