Joe Arroyo, Salsa Icon, Has Died At 55
Joe Arroyo at the Latin Grammys in 2008.
The President of Colombia mourned his death, calling it "a great  loss for music and for Colombia." by Jasmine Garsd
The world of Latin music has lost one of its greats: At  age 55, Colombian salsa singer Joe Arroyo died Tuesday morning at a hospital in  Barranquilla,  Colombia. On the day of his  death, it was announced that he was to be among the recipients of the Latin Recording Academy's Lifetime Achievement  Award.
Colombian President  Juan Manuel Santos mourned Arroyo's death, calling it on his Twitter account "a great  loss for music and for Colombia."
"El Joe" as he was known, was born in 1955 in the  Caribbean city of Cartagena. He fell in love with salsa at the  young age of 15 and signed on to legendary record label Discos Fuentes in 1971.  He played with celebrated bands like The Latin Brothers and Fruko Y Sus Tesos.
His brilliant music combined the styles of his native Cartagena (calypso,  merengue, salsa, soca) and showcased the incredible variety of African styles  that exist in Colombian music, such as champeta and porro.
Two other things come to  mind when remembering Joe Arroyo. His love for the city of Barranquilla, for which he wrote an ode in his  famous " En Barranquilla Me Quedo " (In Barranquilla I'll  Stay).
He was also beloved for his dedication to telling the  stories of Afro-Latinos, famously in the song "Rebeli?n," in which he tells the  story of an African couple brought by Spanish slave traders to Latin America:
"Un matrimonio africano
El les daba muy mal trato,
Y a  su negra le peg? y fue alli
Se rebel? el negro guapo
Tom? venganza por su  amor
Y a?n se escucha en la verja:
'?No le pegue a mi negra!'
(An African couple
He treated  them very badly,
And hit his Black woman
It was then, that the heroic black man rebelled
He avenged his love
And you can still hear him yelling at the gates:
'Don't hit my black woman!')
He died in Barranquilla of multiple organ failure.
Copyright 2011 National Public Radio. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/ .
© Copyright 2011, NPR
