Tuesday 2 August 2011 19.15 BST
Joe Arroyo was signed up by Island Records. Photograph: Henry Romero/Reuters
Joe Arroyo, the Colombian salsa singer, who has died of multiple organ failure aged 55, used to tell the story of how he was discovered singing in a brothel at the age of eight by the local bishop and persuaded to join the church choir instead. Arroyo never said what the bishop had been doing in the brothels of Colombia 's northern Caribbean coast, but he himself never looked back. By 12 he was singing with a band in a hotel, and in 1971 made his debut with what for many years was Colombia's leading salsa group, Fruko y Sus Tesos (Fruko and His Hardmen).
"El Joe", as he became known, was born in the Nariño district of the port of Cartagena, where many descendants of black slaves lived. This was where Joe learned Palenque, the African argot derived from Bantu that became one of the trademarks of his lyrics. He was said to be one of a clan of 39 children, all of them more or less related, and had to earn his keep from a very early age.
In his teens, he moved to the vibrant port city of Barranquilla, where he soon became the star of the exuberant local carnival celebrations. A few years later, he joined the Latin Brothers, then in the early 1980s set up his own group La Verdad (The Truth).
The 1980s was the moment when salsa music was taking off not only in Colombia, but also in the rest of Latin America, and among Colombian communities in the US and Europe. Arroyo formed a big band with a tight brass section, driving congas and drums, plus piano and guitars. He fronted them with his energetic, gruff voice, mixing the rhythms and traditions of his own country and the Caribbean. His new music was so unusual that it became known simply as the "Joesón".
He is credited with having written more than 100 songs, perhaps the most influential of which was La Rebelión (The Rebellion). This describes the revolt of black slaves in Colombia, and became as important throughout Latin America as Bob Marley's Redemption Song did in the English-speaking world.
For a decade from 1985, Arroyo was one of the biggest international figures in the renewal of salsa music, playing all over Latin America, the US and Europe, including in Britain, where he was signed up by Island Records. But he received little money from his records, and relied on a punishing schedule of live concerts, sometimes performing more than 200 gigs a year.
Arroyo was well known for his hard living. By the mid-1980s this was having a serious effect on his health. In 1983 he was in a coma for several weeks, and radio stations in Barranquilla announced that he had died. When he finally recovered, he wrote another of his most famous songs, A Mi Dios Todo Le Debo (I Owe Everything to God). By the late 1990s, these health problems made his appearances more erratic.
His influence in renewing Latin dance music was recognised by a new generation of salsa performers including Shakira and Juanes. In Colombia, there has been an upsurge of interest in Arroyo thanks to a TV soap opera, El Joe: La Leyenda (Joe: The Legend), based on his life.
Arroyo is survived by his wife Jacqueline and eight children.
• Alvaro José Arroyo Gonzalez, singer, born 1 November 1955; died 26 July 2011
