sipmacrants!: Richie Ray and Bobby Cruz - Tribute to Joe Arroyo: A Labor of Love
*** a magical- comical - musical blog *** su blog mágico - cómico - musical ***
Dr. sipmac welcomes you
There was an old tv show which called itself "magical-comical-musical". In other words, a variety show. Eclectic. Miscellaneous. So is life, dear reader. Dr. sipmac rants about (almost) everything under (and above) the sun. First thing needed is to draw an opinion. So, your comments are welcome, too. Enjoy your visit.
Saturday, July 30, 2011
Richie Ray and Bobby Cruz - Tribute to Joe Arroyo: A Labor of Love
“They’ve gotten me into this mess/of interpreting Joe Arroyo ’s salsa ” says jokingly Bobby Cruz in the middle of “Pa’l Bailador”. It’s easy to understand then the feelings of the Dynamic Duo of Salsa when they make a tribute album about Joe Arroyo and his music, both from his Fruko y sus Tesos era and his solo career: It’s like stepping inside a house that is not theirs. But surprisingly Joe’s house resembles the one that belongs to them.
I defy any DJ to mix “Cabo E” (although disowned by Richie and Bobby because of their Christian faith , it is still a huge hit) and “Rebelión”, especially when you discover that “Cabo E” piano solo fits perfectly into “Rebelión” piano spot. “Tania”, with its jazzy piano arrangement it’s a no-brainer for Mr. Cold Fingers . Rhythm patterns of the Fruko songs resemble particularly those of the “Agúzate”, “Reconstrucción” and “Viven” albums, as I said before.
Bobby Cruz doesn’t sing but smoothly croons his way along the eleven themes preceded by an electrifying introduction theme sang by none other than Joe Arroyo himself, in maybe the last complete performance recorded ever before his untimely death. Joe appears in “Rebelión” and “La Noche”, too, but Bobby takes his task with impeccable profesionalism. It’s particularly hard for any singer, any accomplished singer, to perform properly “A Mi Dios Todo Le Debo”; however, el Durísimo achieves his soulful tribute to the Creator in a cumbia style, too.
Ricardo has a lot of respect for the original arrangements, so that they stay virtually the same, but somehow they get the Piano Ambassador’s distinctively treatment. For instance, the simple piano tune at the end of “Nadando” becomes a touching small solo and “La Noche” middle eight has a bluesy piano break. The lyrics are slightly changed when they feel it’s necessary (for example, in “Por Tí No Moriré”, “mi amor” becomes a more direct “Leonor”). And Bobby inspires his soneos, most impressively in the rap—reggaeton freestyle finale of “Yamulemau”, whose lyrics were drastically changed for a more direct homage to Joe.
It is necessary to congratulate that Colombian crew of musicians that took part in this project, originally conceived by Ley Martin, who finally overcame his regrettable shortcomings and came back to make salsa history again, as he did producing the original Colombia All Stars , Los Titanes and Raíces, not to mention those salsa festivals he organized.
In another world, the homage should have been made by Joe to Ricardo's and Bobby’s immortal salsa. Even this tribute was made when Joe was still alive. But if you really want to know; Joe and Fruko paid a lot of respects to them along their careers: in the huge Joe—Fruko discography you can find covers of “Ahora Vengo Yo”, “The Falling Rain”, and “Bomba en Navidad”, between others. But as I said before , Richie and Bobby’s influence permeates Joe and Fruko’s oeuvre. There is a decidedly obscure never-officially released Fruko y sus Tesos song called “Caifás”. If you hear it, it’s not difficult to imagine a young Joe listening to an already consecrated Bobby, teaching him how to reach those characteristically high notes of the Puerto Rican sonero.
I highly recommend this album; there will be other Joe Arroyo tributes without a doubt, but first, this was made while the Joe was still alive, and second, it will be difficult to find another more soulful and poignant like this. Go and get it!
Related articles
