Joe Arroyo - La Rebelion
4:45  / 910098 view
Salsa legend Joe Arroyo's famous hit - La Rebellion tells the story of an enslaved African couple that rebels against its Spanish owner.
Joe Arroyo - En Barranquilla me Quedo
5:10  / 1764566 view
Rueda de Casino lessons in west London - Chiswick w6 - Rueda de Casino @ ARCH197 Prebend Gardens w6 - salsa lessons every week
Joe Arroyo - Pal Bailador (Official Music Video)
4:33  / 280962 view
Joe Arroyo is one of the greatest Salsa stars of his generation. He lead the salsa explosion of the 1970s, bringing out hits such as 'Te Quiero Mas' and 'La Noche'. Arroyo, real name Alvaro Jose Arroyo is one of the groundbreaking forces in Columbian Salsa.
Joe Arroyo - Ban Ban
4:42  / 76251 view
Joe Arroyo is one of the greatest Salsa stars of his generation. He lead the salsa explosion of the 1970s, bringing out hits such as 'Te Quiero Mas' and 'La Noche'. Arroyo, real name Alvaro Jose Arroyo is one of the groundbreaking forces in Columbian Salsa.
Joe Arroyo - Mi Mary
5:17  / 1168713 view
JOE ARROYO and his orchestra sing his famous hit A MI DIOS TODO LE DEBO. Joe Arroyo was born in Cartagena, Colombia. Ernesto Estrada the famous director of FRUKO Y SUS TESOS discovered him. His initial career with FRUKO was very fruitful. He became known all over Colombia. In 1981 he began his solo career leading his own band. He became known as EL SONERO DE LA SALSA. His big hit was NO LE PEGUE A LA NEGRA (LA REBELION). This put his imprint in the whole Caribbean area. His afro roots help him put his seal of appeal. His trouble with drugs dragged him down, but, later on he recovered. We bring him via this wonderful medium to honor his contribution to the SALSA development in his native Colombia.
JOE ARROYO a mi dios todo le debo
4:15  / 17780 view
Joe Arroyo is one of the greatest Salsa stars of his generation. He lead the salsa explosion of the 1970s, bringing out hits such as 'Te Quiero Mas' and 'La Noche'. Arroyo, real name Alvaro Jose Arroyo is one of the groundbreaking forces in Columbian Salsa.
Joe Arroyo - Yamulemau
4:13  / 77567 view
Joe Arroyo is one of the greatest Salsa stars of his generation. He lead the salsa explosion of the 1970s, bringing out hits such as 'Te Quiero Mas' and 'La Noche'. Arroyo, real name Alvaro Jose Arroyo is one of the groundbreaking forces in Columbian Salsa.
Joe Arroyo - Rebelion (Audio)
6:19  / 87183 view
JOE ARROYO and his orchestra sing his famous hit EN BARRANQUILLA ME QUEDO Joe Arroyo was born in Cartagena, Colombia. Ernesto Estrada the famous director of FRUKO Y SUS TESOS discovered him. His initial career with FRUKO was very fruitful. He became known all over Colombia. In 1981 he began his solo career leading his own band. He became known as EL SONERO DE LA SALSA. His big hit was NO LE PEGUE A LA NEGRA. This put his imprint in the whole Caribbean area. His afro roots help him put his seal of appeal. His trouble with drugs dragged him down, but, later on he recovered. We bring him via this wonderful medium to honor his contribution to the SALSA development in his native Colombia.
JOE ARROYO en barranquilla me quedo
5:9  / 11947 view
Discos Fuentes / Miami Records is the oldest and largest record label in South America. Started in Medellin, Colombia in 1934 Discos Fuentes has become synonymous with Latin Music. Boasting a catalogue encompassing over 20000 music titles of diverse genres including Salsa, Cumbia, Tropical, Bachata, Vallenato, Merengue, Tango, Bolero, Son Cubano, Mariachi, Hip Hop, Rock En Espanol and Reggaeton. We represent both the recordings and publishing of the entire Discos Fuentes catalog making an easy one-stop licensing destination for Latin music.Discos Fuentes is the oldest and largest record label in South America. Started in Medellin, Colombia in 1934, Discos Fuentes has become synonymous with Latin Music. Boasting a catalogue encompassing over 25000 music titles of diverse genres including Salsa, Cumbia, Tropical, Bachata, Hip Hop, Rock En Espanol and Reggaeton. Legendary artists include Joe Arroyo, Fruko y sus Tesos, Sonora Dinamita and many more. www.sunflower-ent.com
Salsa Allstars - Joe Arroyo - Pa'l Bailador
4:33  / 1639 view
All music or related performances remain the sole property of their respective copyright holders. No video clips are for sale, nor do they imply challenge to ownerships. They are intended strictly for entertainment and educational only
Echao pa' lante - Joe Arroyo
4:8  / 67551 view
Joe Arroyo is one of the greatest Salsa stars of his generation. He lead the salsa explosion of the 1970s, bringing out hits such as 'Te Quiero Mas' and 'La Noche'. Arroyo, real name Alvaro Jose Arroyo is one of the groundbreaking forces in Columbian Salsa.
