Out Of The Circle
I am a mother.  I own a blog.  I write about adoption.
But according to the powers that be over at  Circle Of Moms  , I am not qualified to be a part of their contest for the  Top 25 Adoption Blogs by Moms  .  The picture is a screen shot of the email I received from them yesterday right before my blog disappeared from the number two position on their list . . .
--“Dear Cassi,
I’m writing to let you know that we have unfortunately had to remove your blog from the Top 25 Adoption Blogs by Moms competition.  As described on the contest page, the Top 25 Adoption Blogs by Moms contest is open to “mom bloggers who write about adoption or foster parenting in a supportive, positive way”.
Best,
The Circle of Moms team” - -
I tried to write about this last night, after I had received the email, but I quickly learned I needed to step back first and let the emotions work their way through before trying to make any sense out of what I wanted to say.
And when I did that, when I worked through my first reaction, took some deep breaths and stepped away from the anger and hurt that first came at me, I remembered that my latest experience was just one in so many for those who dare to stand up and speak out about the harder truth of adoption.  It wasn’t just my voice they were silencing.  It was the voices of everyone who doesn’t fit the accepted view of what is positive and supportive in the world of adoption.
First Moms, Adoptees and even Adoptive Parents know the reality of being “removed” from society’s view of adoption.  From the expectation of what we are supposed to feel, allowed to talk about.  Every day, in so many different areas, it happens to one of us.  Yesterday just happened to be my day.
See, even though adoption involves loss, the separation of a mother and child.  Even though it removes an adoptees original identity, strips them of their equal rights, the accepted discussions about adoption must hide those facts and only serve to make people feel good, to give them that warm, fuzzy feeling inside.  Anything else is seen as straying from being “positive and supportive.”
Anything else makes you the enemy who dares to say anything unacceptable, to challenge how people want to feel about adoption.  And very quickly, you are let known that you are “less than.”  Just a mere disobedient child, unworthy of being heard.  Protective walls go up to avoid listening to anything being said and the weapons come out to attack the one who dared to try and take away that warm, fuzzy feeling inside.
I can never know for sure what led up to my blog being removed but I can look back and wonder about the many hits I was getting from the site.  About the latest post that was there,  Coercion Not Choice  , and see how it must have been a huge threat to those who wanted only to feel good about adoption.   A shock that someone who would dare to write such things would even be allowed inside their “circle.”
Whatever the reasons why, it doesn’t matter.   Their attempt to silence me, to place me “outside” of those allowed to talk about adoption, only gave me even more purpose, more determination, to keep going.  To speak out.  To fight for what I believe in and stand shoulder to shoulder with all the other wonderful voices out there that face the same threats of being “removed” for what they have to stay but still continue to go on, day after day, because they believe in what they are fighting for and refuse to give up when others try to silence them as well.
And you know, what I learned more than anything through this was that my life is full of the “positive and supportive.”  I am blessed with something many of them will never know, will never have a chance to experience in their lifetime . . .
The amazing friendships and love that I have found in the years since I began my fight for Adoption Reform and Adoptee Rights.
Last night was a flurry of activity after I shared the email I received.  And though I was angry and hurting and crying and unable to respond to everything coming through, I watched and I listened and I cried even more.   Because I was reminded all over again about the amazing people that are a part of MY CIRCLE.
My circle that is First Parents, Adoptees, Adoptive Parents.  That is full of those who came roaring in last night to fight for me and comfort me, to just be there holding me up through their words and actions when I wanted to fall apart. 
They were there because when you silence one of us, you silence all of us.
My circle is not limited to those who expect others to make them feel good.  It is not based on living the superficial existence society requires of us where it becomes so hard to form true and real friendships when everybody is so concerned about being and doing what is expected from them.
My circle is full of amazing, wonderful women  . . . and men . . . who, by the very act of daring to speak out about the darker side of adoption, had to break free from such restraints.  Who have to be real, with themselves, and others, in order to continue clashing against societies expectations of what adoption should be.
Some of the best friends and people I have in my life have come to me through this circle of those brave enough and real enough to stand up for change, no matter how many kicks and hits they are going to take along the way.
I have in my life what is true and what is real when it comes to the many friends and relationships I have formed since I first started to use my voice in an attempt to make change.  Unlike those who must live by societies standards, who are threatened by and feel they have a right to silence those who don’t fit into the mold of what they want to be and expect others to be, I have everything positive and supportive I could ever ask for in the very people they want only to silence.
I can take the hits, I can fight when another takes the same, because at the end of the day, I know what I have, what is best in my life, many of them will never know, will never experience, because they are still caught up in their “need” to feel good while those in my circle know it is impossible to expect others to make you feel good, or guarantee you will always feel good.  But they also know, when you don’t feel good, they will be there to hold you, to help you, to get you through.
And they won’t do it through lies.  They won’t follow the superficial expectations that dictate how it should be done.  They will do it from their heart, from who they really are.  How they really feel.
They will do it because . . . that’s just who they really are . . . imperfections and all.
P.S.  Please continue to  vote   over at the contest.  I would love to see all of these blogs make the Top 25 . . .
The Declassified Adoptee
