My position
My position in summary is:
I agree that learning styles can be measured reliably and that people differ on this. (Although it is not a very good sign that there are so many different ways of defining and measuring them.)
I also agree that we see a) different learners benefitting differently from the same material;  b) the same learners doing better with some material than with others.  However the reverse inference, that therefore there must be learning styles and that teachers should create different kinds of teaching material for them, does not necessarily hold. Furthermore it seems equally "logical" to conclude from the fact that learners differ from each other, that they should be tested by different exams: otherwise we will simply be re-measuring the different inherent properties or "styles" of the learners. Certainly from these premises we should draw either both or neither conclusion.
To show it ever makes a difference, you have to run an experiment: dividing the participants into those with style A and those with style B; create learning materials types 1 and 2; and show that people with style A do better on materials T1 than T2, while style B do better on T2 than T1. This has almost never been shown.
Even if and when you have shown this, you still have absolutely no evidence for the assumption that we should create differing materials accordingly.  Why shouldn't there exist a type 3 material that is good for both learning styles? (There are certainly "type 0" materials that are bad for everyone.) Showing some learning material fails for some people is no evidence that all materials must fail.
What continually astonishes me is that everyone assumes we should create multiple versions of materials for teaching, but assumes exactly the opposite when we are writing: there we assume we should edit our writing as far as possible so that everyone can understand it.
Similarly, no-one who believes this could ever give a talk about it without being a blatant hypocrite: surely you believe that the audience will contain people with different learning styles, and that your talk would only be good for some and disadvantage the rest of us?  In reality of course such talks are fine: because there is no reason to assume that a competent speaker can only adapt their talk for half the audience.  But this is contrary to the assumption.
Even if it was shown that you cannot usually create a single kind of learning material for all learning styles , I would still regard it as immoral to accept that we should just create multiple types of material.  That might be appropriate for short term training.  But in education, part of learning a subject is learning how to interpret the standard materials in that subject whether you like them or not.  If you don't do that, you will never be able to do life-long learning, never use the professional literature in that area. The approach everyone assumes is in fact patronising: that learners cannot change and don't deserve to be asked to.  It is possible of course that I'm hopelessly optimistic in this, because in higher education, and often long before, learners self-select the subjects they "like".  But I've never heard the claim that learning styles correlate closely with subject matter, so that all mathematicians have one learning style, all chemists another.  Personally I bitterly resent the direct implication of the position that I am too stupid and my mind is too limited to learn from many of the materials others learn from.  But perhaps you are more humble than I am about your learning ability.
"If you travel with us you will have to learn things you do not want to learn in ways you do not want to learn".
[Doris Lessing;  Nobel Laureate for literature; from a letter replying to a reader.  Quoted in Alan Yentob's "Imagine" programme on Doris Lessing, broadcast Tues 27 May 2008, 10:35pm on BBC1 ]
Stronger scepticism
Daniel Willingham argues that what is true is that people differ in how good their memory for visual or auditory or kinesthetic information is. So on a test requiring learning of that kind of modality-specific information, they will differ. But this is of little relevance to most education: because most of that is about learning meanings, not sensory information. Someone whose style is visual is not helped by getting a visual representation of different tones of voice, or different birdsongs; And if fact they are not helped by getting visual representations of meanings.
Another view
A hint of a slightly different view comes from the two short chapters by Sternberg in Perspectives on thinking, learning, and cognitive styles R.J.Sternberg & Li-fang Zhang (eds.) (2001) (London : Erlbaum Associates).   There's a spectrum of possibilities of what styles (if they exist) might be:
Trait or style; a learner has only one, and no conscious choice is made. Style is a function of the learner alone.
Conscious choice, so a learner must have more than one.  But perhaps like active vs. passive vocabulary, there may be a strong tendency to use only a small subset of one's repertoire.
A selected strategy or approach.  This is the angle adopted from the start by Marton and others working on deep and shallow learning "approaches". Style = approach, and is not a property of the learner, but a relationship between learner and context.
The shift from neither having nor conceiving of a choice of learning method, to having and making such a choice must be a profound developmental shift, though perhaps different in different subject areas. In fact the stuck-ness observed in some learners may be of this kind. Certainly the realisation in problem-solving that not all problems can best be solved by top down approaches alone (or conversely by bottom up approaches alone) is a major milestone. To the extent that problem-solving and learning are similar, this implies that there can be no more deeply educational goal than to free learners from a single "style".
Kinds of "style"
There are different kinds of thing, any of which might conceivably be called "style", but all of which we should consider as they are all learner properties that differentially affect their achievements.  Here is a list, probably not complete, defining terms in a way that may well differ from that used in some or all of the literature.  The distinctions however are important, even if the terminology is disputable.
"Learning styles": strategies, or regular mental behaviours, habitually applied by an individual to learning, particularly deliberate educational learning, and built on her/his underlying potentials. E.g. holist/serialist (Pask)
"Cognitive styles": strategies, or regular mental behaviours, habitually applied by an individual to problem solving, and built on her/his underlying potentials. (N.B. Cognitive styles may well affect learning too, and particularly how well an individual does on various kinds of test or exam question; but are logically different from how an individual tries or prefers to learn a topic.) E.g. divergent/convergent thinking.
"Traits" are persistent potential abilities, varying from individual to individual.  E.g. IQ, Field in/dependence, working memory size.
Prior vocabulary (lack of common understanding of key words has been shown to be an important barrier to learning).
Prior knowledge (prerequisite concepts).
Despite this, note that Cronbach & Snow (ch.11 p.375ff.) say that cognitive styles cannot logically (or do they mean methodologically?) be distinguished from traits or abilities. (All you can do is to measure how well people do on various specific tasks;  and then see to what extent scores on one test/task go with (predict, correlate with) scores on another.)
General learning ability
Of course different learners benefit differently from the same material: firstly because some may already know more, secondly because some want to learn more, and so try harder, than others; but thirdly and above all because people vary considerably in their general ability and quickness at learning.  IQ is one measure of this.  Good learners will learn more than bad learners for almost all materials.
Learners also differ from each other in more subject-specific aptitudes for learning e.g. some being better at verbal than numerical things, others vice versa.  Subscales of IQ tests and other tests can show this.  These differences between learners are not learning styles, and don't imply differences in how to create material, but that a given learner is often quicker at learning some kind of topic than others.
Variable quality learning materials
Of course a learner will do better with some materials than with others: some material is just worse than others, and even though clever students may still learn quite a lot from poor material, they will learn as much or more (and more quickly) from better material.
"Aptitude-treatment interactions"
To show you have an effect that isn't just differences in general learning ability or general quality differences in the materials, you need an experiment that shows a crossover: where type A learners do well on material X but poorly on material Y, while at the same time type B learners do poorly with material X but well with material Y. On a graph, lines will cross.  It is a sign of conditional (not universal) causality in operation (e.g. "if learning style A and teaching style Y, then low performance; ...").
These graphs show two equivalent views of the same imaginary 4 data points, representing the mean learning scores for 4 groups.
This central point and others are elaborated carefully in: Cronbach,L.J. & Snow,R.E.  (1977) Aptitudes and instructional methods: A handbook for research on interactions (New York: Irvington Publishers Inc).
Informally, we could think of this as studying the interaction (or interference, good and bad) of alternative learning styles with alternative teaching styles. They call this "aptitude-treatment interactions", which is careful, technical, and general terminology.  "Interaction" is a statistical term meaning that there is some crossover effect besides the "main effects" of differences in general learning ability in learners, and differences in teaching quality in different teaching materials. "Aptitude" refers to any kind of special learning ability that varies between individuals.  "Treatment" refers to any teaching intervention in a study: whether different material, different tutor actions, etc.
People get the impression from that book that no such effects have been found. However Gordon Pask did demonstrate such an effect.  E.g. Pask, G.  (1976) "Styles and strategies of learning" British Journal of Educational Psychology vol.46 pp.128-148.  (A much longer list of publications by Pask is given in a later section.) A more recent study with clear crossovers is that by Shute (1993).  She makes the point that the failure in many early studies to get a crossover was because they did classroom studies that didn't (couldn't) control other variables; but that if you use computer instruction for single learners (as Pask did and she did) then you can.  This point cuts both ways: if you want to study such effects and the underlying causal factors, then that is the way to do the research;  but on the other hand it equally implies that the effects are not big enough to have much effect in classroom education (though computer based learning and/or distance learning could be different in this respect).
If you do such an experiment and get not a crossover, but two lines of very different slope, then statistically this is still an interaction (a conditional outcome that depend on both the learning and the teaching style).  However it would no longer be of the same practical interest: e.g. suppose in the left graph, line A was horizontal i.e. point 3 was near point 2.  That would mean that although teaching material B was only good for one kind of learner, material A was good for both, and it would no longer be sensible to have different materials for different learners: you would only want to use material A.
( Val Shute told me that "ordinal interaction" is the proper term for this latter effect where the lines don't cross (one always better than the other); while what I called here a "crossover effect" is technically a "disordinal interaction". Details on this here (use your browser's Find command for "disordinal").)
What should (learning) designers do?
How should we respond, if/when it is demonstrated that a) learners do have different learning styles, and b) there are some learning materials that benefit different styles differently?
Many people without thought assume we should produce different sets of learning materials, each optimised for each different learning style. This does not follow.
In a book on HCI (Human Computer Interaction), Landauer refers to the literature on learning styles, and produces an argument about HCI that is of interest here.
Landauer,T.K.  (1995) The trouble with computers:  Usefulness, usability, and productivity (MIT press; Cambridge, MA)
In this book (in ch.12 and around p.292), Landauer argues that in many current user interfaces there is a big variation in user performance because it depends on certain mental skills.  He says that many designers conclude that they should provide different designs for different users.  He argues however that that is quite wrong.  It is the case that many designers have unusual mental skills and have produced interfaces that require these skills, but that it is quite possible to produce designs that are good for everyone, not just a mental elite, and on which everyone performs as well as the best do on current interfaces.
The analogous argument for education is, again, that we should produce materials that are optimal for everyone.  An experiment that shows a crossover effect may establish that learning styles exist with an effect on performance for those materials.  But this can not show that the effect will exist for all possible materials:  instead, perhaps teachers (like user interface designers) should try to develop materials that are equally successful for all styles of learning.
Egan
Egan (1985, 1988) argues that our preferred response should be to seek to develop "robust designs" that, unlike the ones giving a crossover effect, are "robust" with respect to the individual difference measured i.e. are good for all learning styles.  He is able to describe a number of successful cases of this in the field of human computer interaction design.
In this context, he lists as approaches:
Robust designs: find a design good for all.
User prototypes: classify all users into a few contrasting groups; and treat them differently.  E.g provide a Spanish language version for Spanish speakers.  This is the design approach pre-supposed without thought by many in this area. But usually, Egan observes, it is hard to discover how to tailor designs to the measured differences.
Adaptive trainer systems. If the materials are digital, at least, then learner performance (e.g. on tests) can be used in theory to identify common types of error and trigger special remediation for that type of error.  So there will be a single "resource" for all learners, but it will behave differently, and in a way to reduce differential learning: Automatic recognition of common errors, which then get remedial action by the software. The text version of this is textbooks with self-assessment questions, with optional extra sections for those having trouble with each question.
Automated "mastery learning" [Bloom's term]. Instruction, test, targeted remediation, iterate.
Learning methods: learning to learn
Another issue to consider is that learners learn methods for learning, and that these make an important difference.  If so, then even if you found a crossover effect, perhaps your response should not be to create several kinds of material to suit different learners, but to train learners on better methods of learning.
It is almost certainly true that learning to learn makes a considerable difference to every learner: most can get better at learning, not by magically growing their IQ, but by improving their skills at learning.  Furthermore it is likely that a given method of learning may allow a learner to do well at only certain kinds of material, while another learning method would be better for other types of material.  It follows that you may well find a crossover effect because in your participants some had one learning method, others another, and your materials gave different advantages depending on the learning method applied. However if you retrained your participants so that they could all use either learning method and were able to select and apply the best one for a given material, then the crossover effect would vanish. Even if you find (crossover) evidence that learners currently have different learning methods/styles, this does not show that these couldn't be changed — perhaps quite easily.
I believe that Pask thinks this is the case (but you should check this out).
If true, this means that it does NOT follow from establishing a crossover effect that teachers should produce alternative versions of material.  Instead, they should train learners to have more than one learning method, so that all can benefit from the same material, and indeed so that all can benefit from a range of styles of material.
Cognitive style and exams
There are some cognitive styles, such as field dependence/independence and the size of working memory, that have been shown (e.g. in work at CSE ) to have large effects on the scores of students on test or exam questions. Unless the examiners actually intend to test for the size of working memory, rather than ability at the subject (e.g. chemistry), then this work can be interpreted as showing that many exam questions or school tests are in fact badly designed and invalid i.e. test something different from what they are meant to.  It does mean educators should take cognitive styles seriously in this sense of trying to design tests that are independent of such styles; it does not mean they should design different tests for learners with different styles.
Personalisation
One way of looking at this is that it is part of personalising learning materials for each learner.  Perhaps part of the appeal for teachers is that this gives importance to their professional role, and seems the obvious response of a caring person.  Against this might be argued:
Finding a way to produce materials good for all would still be better: providing a range of different types of bad teaching is not as good as finding teaching that is good for everyone.
Identifying a measure (a particular dimension of learning style) that reliably differentiates learners does not automatically or even usually tell you how to modify the teaching materials to suit each.
It will tend to increase the learner's dependence on having special materials produced for them, rather than fostering the skills desirable for life-long learning: being able to learn from materials that exist, and may not have been produced for learners at all.
If personal teachers add value then it is indeed probably by responding differently to each learner, adapting on the spot to their perceived needs and misunderstandings.  This however is a dynamic, face to face role, rather than one of producing different materials for different groups.  Furthermore, by responding to actual needs on the spot, it does not depend on theories of learning style, and does not classify learners into types: instead it deals with issues flexibly and personally.
Summary
To show you have learning styles at all, you have to have an experiment with a crossover effect (as sketched above).  Otherwise you only have variations in different learners' ability to learn, and in the quality of different materials for enabling learning. But it still does not follow that we should produce different materials for different people.
Crossover is (also) found where the difference is one of learnable methods of learning: we should try to equip learners with a range of these.
If we still find a crossover effect after training learners on a range of learning methods, we would still have to show that there is no possible material that can be optimal for each learner. Just because two particular pieces of material produce a crossover does not show that we couldn't write material with the virtues of both. To put it more aggressively: learners differ in their tolerance and coping strategies for bad teaching.  It does not follow from this that we should provide a range of different types of bad teaching instead of seeking teaching that is good for everyone.
It seems more likely that we should:
Train all learners in how to learn, and in more than one approach to learning which they can select depending on the material.
Improve our material and teaching style so that it doesn't just suit a few unusual people (like so many current user-computer interfaces), but suits everyone together.
Similarly test our exam questions to ensure they are measuring the knowledge they claim to be testing, and not just a cognitive style (e.g. favour field-independent individuals), or the size of the student's working memory.
Thus it is my provisional opinion that the topic of "learning styles" is based entirely on a recurrent mistake that concludes from the fact that there are important and relevant differences between individual learners that educators should design different materials for different types of learner. My opinion is not based on a thorough reading of the recent literature.  To form your own judgement, you should do that: starting points are provided below in the links to web sites.
A more moderate view is that of Pask, who says in the conclusion of a review paper (Pask 1988) "It seems evident that distinctive learning strategies exist. ... There are also certain distinct styles, or dispositions to adopt classes of strategy. ... However I am still perplexed by the extent to which some individuals persist in using the same strategy across contexts.  ... Also, some persons seem more flexible, versatile, and context-sensitive than do other persons."
The core issue for teaching methods and materials is going to be how easy or hard it is to change:
these individual differences in learners, compared say to the effort they are making to learn the subject matter.  Research which has not looked at such changes in learning style, or even tried to measure them, has assumed a conclusion it hasn't even tried to test.
teaching materials and styles, so that we produce some that are good for all types (styles) of learner.  Research that simply establishes a difference for some particular materials has done nothing to explore the possibilities for material that is better overall. It has assumed without evidence that because the experimenters didn't produce material good for all learner groups then no-one could.
But in addition, we cannot neglect (as I used to think we could) the whole issue of learning and cognitive styles and traits, because it has now been shown that many of the tests and exam questions we produce in fact perform differently for different learning styles, thus measuring something different from what they are meant to.
Finally learning styles are just one part of a more fundamental issue. Should teachers adapt to learners, or learners to teachers?  The answer is "both";  and the concept to think of is that of learning communities.  All (institutional) learning can be thought of from a wholly social perspective, as one of the learner joining a community, and becoming enculturated.  From that point of view, the learner needs to do the adapting, and the more they do so, the more they gain access to that subculture and its knowledge.
The complementary viewpoint is that teachers should adapt, not so much to individuals, as to the broadest audience possible;  to make their material accessible to the most people.  The best writers can do this — indeed, learning to write is largely the process of overcoming "egocentricity", and learning how to make your private thoughts comprehensible to others with different experience.  That is part of a teacher's job too.
