Mastiff
Interested in the history of the Newfoundland dog breed?
As her name suggests, the Newfoundland was developed on the coast of Newfoundland. Here the agreement about her origin ceases. Although she ultimately traces back to the Tibetan mastiff, no actual record exists of Tibetan mastiffs being brought to Newfoundland. Some authorities believe that she descends from the Tibetan mastiff by way of the Great Pyrenees. In 1662, the first permanent colony at Roougnoust was settled, complete with Great Pyrenees dogs. These dogs were crossed with black English retrievers belonging to English settlers. Some Husky blood may also have been introduced. Whatever the ingredients, the result was a massive water-loving, cold-resistant dog found in either a solid black or black and white coloration. The latter "Landseer" Newfoundland was only identified in 1779. The Newfoundland name predates her only by a few years, named after an individual dog called Newfoundland. The Newfoundland distinguished herself as an all-purpose water dog, hauling heavy fishing nets through the cold water and saving many people from watery graves. Her work didn't stop on dry land; here she served as a draft dog and pack animal. European visitors were so impressed that they returned to Europe with many specimens, and it is here that the breed first entered the show ring. The export of dogs from Newfoundland, along with laws forbidding ownership of more than one dog, drove the breed's numbers down in her place of origin. The breed's stronghold switched to England, and American fanciers resorted to replenishing their stock with English dogs. After World War II, the tables turned, and American Newfoundlands were responsible for reviving the decimated English stock. Recovery in both countries is now complete, and the Newfoundland is one of the more popular of the giant breeds of dogs. Although the solid black color is most identified with the breed, the black and white Newfoundlands (dubbed Landseers after the well-known artist who first portrayed them) are also popular.
Copyright © 1998, 2005 by Barron's Educational Series, Inc. based on
ENCYCLOPEDIA OF DOG BREEDS by D. Caroline Coile, Ph.D.
Shelters with Newfoundland Dogs
