Spain (1999) Banco de Espana
Notable EU Exceptions
Several European nations do not use the Euro as their currency, despite membership in the EU .  Notable examples include:
The United Kingdom, which uses the Pound Sterling (£) .
Denmark, which uses a national version of the Krone .
Sweden, which uses the Swedish Krona (SEK) .
Norway is not a member of the EU and uses a national version of the Krone .
Switzerland is not a member of the EU and uses the Swiss Franc (CHF) .
Factors affecting the Value of the Euro
Eurozone balance of trade [2]
Inflation in Europe. [3]
The Euro is a floating currency, which means that the value of the euro is not "pegged" to any other currency. Therefore, the value of the Euro is determined by the demand and supply of the currency.
Central Bank Policy and Interest rates
The supply of Euro is regulated by the European Central Bank (ECB) . The ECB is responsible for managing the monetary policy of the Eurozone. The ECB has the exclusive right to set interest rates for the Eurozone. The primary objective of the ECB is "to maintain price stability" within the Eurozone -- in other words, to keep inflation low. The present inflation target is at or around 2%. [4]
The ECB does not directly manage exchange rates of the Euro. However, interest rates affect the demand for a currency. At high interest rates, the currency becomes more valuable as it offers a return on investment for investors. Therefore, demand for the Euro, in part, is determined by the relative interest rates in Europe compared to other parts of the developed world.  The fact that the Euro is the currency of 15 different nations means that the national governments cannot manipulate the currency to suit its needs. Unlike Japan, European governments can not devalue the currency to help the export sector.
Balance of Trade
The current account is a function of trade balance (exports minus imports), income from abroad (such as dividends, income by foreign subsidiaries etc.) and other transfers (such as foreign aid and grants).  In the earliest years of the Eurozone, it consistently ran trade surpluses; however, both 2006 and 2008 have been more volatile with a greater trend towards negative trade balances.
Inflation
Inflation is the result of rising prices in an economy over time. In other words, when inflation rate is positive a currency buys less goods than it did in the past. The sole mandate of the ECB is to maintain inflation near 2%.
Status as Reserve Currency
The dollar has been the primary reserve currency of the world since World War II; however, this trend is changing.  As of 2006, roughly 65% of reserves held by foreign banks were in dollars and 25% were in Euros. [5]
Investing in the Euro
An investor can invest in the euro by buying and holding it. Currencies, as an asset class, do not produce any returns by themselves. The currency is only useful if it is invested in another asset (such as equities or bond).  Investors can buy and sell euro futures traded at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Futures are better instruments for speculation since they are leveraged and hence are more sensitive to currency movements.  A US investor can buy an European stock ETF -- such as the Vanguard European ETF (VGK) . The CurrencyShares Euro Trust (FXE) offers return on euro plus accrued interest. ETF's have the benefit of offering the return on the underlying asset class in addition to currency appreciation.
Finally, a stronger euro helps european imports by making them relatively cheaper and hurts exports by making them more expensive for foreign buyers. An investor could bet on the euro by taking positions in European exporters and in companies that trade heavily with an euro member.
Companies that benefit from a stronger euro
Companies that manufacture abroad or purchase raw materials abroad, and then sell in Europe benefit from a strong Euro. [6]
