Loading Docks
Trucks With Uncovered Backs
The story of litter is the same worldwide. The EPA of Australia found the following information:
Five types of people with respect to litter:
Non-litterers - environmentally conscious, don't litter and usually pick up litter of others
Inconvenients - too hard, too much trouble, someone else's problem
Ignorants - these people are simply unaware of a link between the environment and their litter behavior
Willful Arrogants - usually litter in a context, i.e. "It's okay to litter in urban areas but not in the country"
Anti-establishments - make a statement with purposeful littering
Caring enough to not litter seems to be driven by:
Knowledge and awareness
How much they care about the environment
Positive self-image
Attitudes to life (i.e. happy and content)
Sense of community and an empathy with the needs of others
Ease of disposal
Context they are in (16-24 year olds tend to litter more while in groups, but those older litter less in groups and more when alone)
Type of litter
If they can get away with it (either in terms of being observed or fined)
Urban Littering
Source: Urban Litter Partnership, 1998 (American Plastic Council program with KAB and U.S. Conference of Mayors)
Owners of premises not visible from the street report problems of illegal dumping of main household appliances after-hours
Businesses with drive-through windows report that the presence of this window generates additional litter, which requires additional expense for cleanup
Owners of businesses near interstates say that transients and travelers who use their parking lots as a rest area generate a lot of litter
Most businesses acknowledge litter is a problem and spend money on clean up
Convenience stores attract more litter than other businesses
Interesting to note that when asked about their perceptions of how their municipality responds to citizen reports of littering or illegal dumping, the majority of respondents said if they reported a case of illegal dumping or littering, there would be no specific action taken. The majority of respondents also said that existing anti-littering laws were of little or no use due to lack of enforcement.
(That was based on Partnership survey of cities.)
Conclusions
People who feel the highest personal obligation to not litter are also people who feel a strong sense of identity with their communities, frequent recreational areas, have self-esteem and place special value on a sense of accomplishment, warm relationships, and a sense of belonging.
People who don't litter are not necessarily going to pick up other people's litter. While a good education seems to have a positive effect on individual littering and recycling habits, those with the highest levels of education are not as likely to pick up other people's litter.
Younger people litter more, particularly when in groups.
Littering tends to be less in areas where community recycling is available. The correlation between littering and recycling may be attributed to public education associated with recycling which in turn has increased awareness of litter and a need to properly dispose of it.
The presence or absence of trash receptacles is not a major factor in littering.
Education is seen as an essential component of any litter prevention partnership. Education is needed to motivate the participants, including people in the judicial system, law enforcement, county and municipal departments, private industry and the public.
Other State Campaigns
Florida:
Florida Litter study 1993-97 included a review of other state efforts: "During the past 10 years, several states have conducted successful litter reduction campaigns. Programs in Texas, Oklahoma and Pennsylvania, for example, have provided evidence that grassroots participation combined with a statewide media campaign can be effective reducing litter."
Texas:
Texas - "Don't Mess with Texas" - began in 1986, initially spent $2 million/year. Texas had the first Adopt-a-Highway program. A new campaign began in '98 and had these groups sign on: HEB grocery (printed slogan on one billion plastic shopping bags), Coca Cola bottling (tagging radio ads), Dairy Queen (printing the logo on its bags) and McCoy Building Supplies (putting bumper stickers on its fleet and the logo on its bags).
Pennsylvania:
Pennsylvania - Litterbug is a registered trademark of the Pennsylvania Resources Council. It first let the National Council of State Garden Clubs use it in the mid '50s for "Don't be a Litterbug" campaign. Then the PRC let Keep America Beautiful use if for more than 10 years. A newer litterbug for the PRC was created in '97. Pennsylvania Dept. of Environmental Protection launched a new litterbug campaign in response to concerns about litter impacts on tourism, real estate values, economic development and health and safety. Farmers reporting losses of millions of dollars due to glass also heightened concerns about roadside littering and metal litter that damaged equipment and injured animals.
Oklahoma
Oklahoma - Initiated a 2-pronged litter reduction campaign in '87. Adopt-a-Highway Program was begun to get citizens involved in cleanups and at same time a media campaign began. Result was litter down 23% from '88-'89.
