Paternity leave - when you can claim tax credits
You count as being in work for your two weeks of ordinary paternity leave.
Additional paternity leave
You might take additional paternity leave if your partner chooses to go back to work. You count as being in work during your additional    paternity leave - but only for the additional leave you take in the period that:
starts from the 20th week after your child was born or placed for adoption
ends when your partner's 39 weeks of maternity or adoption leave would have ended - if they had chosen to take the full 39 weeks
If you're already getting Working Tax Credit
As long as you count as being in work, you can carry on getting Working Tax Credit when your leave starts. You count as being in work    if you were working the minimum hours for your circumstances immediately beforehand. For example, normally 30 hours or more a week if you've    no children already, and your baby's not been born or placed with you yet.
If this doesn't apply to you, you may still be able to carry on getting Working Tax Credit if both of the following apply:
you have a partner
your partner is working the minimum number of hours for your circumstances
Follow the link below to find out the minimum hours you need to work for Working Tax Credit.
What counts as work for Working Tax Credit?
Claiming Working Tax Credit for the first time
You might claim Working Tax Credit for the first time while you're on leave. To qualify, you need to count as being in work. So you'll need to have been working the minimum hours for your circumstances, immediately before going on leave. For example, if your baby's been born    or placed with you, or you've already got children, you'll normally need to have been working:
at least 16 hours a week - if you're a single parent
at least 24 hours a week between you - if you're in a couple (with one of you working at least 16 hours a week)
If this doesn't apply to you, you may still be able to claim Working Tax Credit if both of the following apply:
you have a partner
your partner is working the minimum number of hours for your circumstances
Follow the link below to find out the minimum hours you need to work for Working Tax Credit.
What counts as work for Working Tax Credit?
Keeping the Tax Credit Office up to date
Let the Tax Credit Office know if you don't go back to work immediately after your ordinary paternity leave. Also let them know if you    take any additional paternity leave outside of the period shown under 'Additional paternity leave' above. You can do this by calling the    Tax Credit Helpline. Get in touch within one month. If you don't, you may be paid too much money which you'll have to pay back, and you may    be charged a penalty.
