AdoptHelp : Baby Adoption in California | Pregnant Adoption California Help | Birthmothers and Adoptive Parents
Toll Free and Confidential 24 Hour Hotline (800) 637-7999
Welcome to AdoptHelp
AdoptHelp is a full service domestic adoption center specializing in both independent and collaborative adoptions.
Whether you are a birth mother searching for the perfect adoptive parents or adoptive parents searching to adopt a newborn baby , our adoption's team of innovative adoption professionalsin california is here to help you create a personalized adoption plan that is right for you.
Our adoption team is here to help you with your adoption concerns, 24 hours a day,and seven days a week. Call us anytime at 1-800-637-7999.
Testimonials
'My AdoptHelp case worker became my best friend and my rock. I could call her if I needed anything. She was always there for me.'
- Birth Mother
'AdoptHelp works as a team and always made time for us, and never did we feel like just another number in a bureaucratic mess.'
- Adoptive Parents
'You never made me feel uneasy or 'judged' and I can't tell you how much I appreciate this.'
- Birth Mother
'They were always available for consultation and, when problems arose, they helped guide us through them. They proved well-informed, pro-active, and knowledgeable in all aspects of adoption law and worked in a professional and compassionate manner'
- Adoptive Parents
Our Domestic Infant Adoption Program
Life is not  predictable. For many birth mothers, an unplanned pregnancy can turn life  upside down. For many couples and individuals, infertility can turn life upside  down.
There is a  maze of choices available, and AdoptHelp is ready to assist with the  professionalism, compassion and experience that each participant in the  adoption process deserves. We provide domestic infant adoption services, including full  services to the birth mothers. During the process, we help birth mothers  develop a custom adoption plan that they can feel great about and then handle  all of the details so that birth parents don’t have to.
We are  happy to present reliable information  on adoption 24/7 for birth parents and those who wish to adopt. For  birth mothers, our adoption  help includes immediate answers by our caring and professional staff. In  most cases we are able to assist with housing, living expenses, counseling costs,  and medical expenses.
If you are pregnant, need help , and  are considering placing your baby for adoption , we represent wonderful families  who would be honored to be considered by you to adopt your baby. You will make  all of the decisions and we will do everything possible to help your chosen  path be as smooth and rewarding as possible.
For couples and singles who would  love to adopt, AdoptHelp is a place where families are made and our goal is to  treat each as though they are our only client.
Our  dedicated team of adoption professionals in California will guide you through every step of the  adoption process. We have a wonderful combination of high success rates and low  average match times. Together, we will create a personalized adoption plan that  is right for you and then professionally manage every aspect of that plan.
