May 22, 2011 at 3:45 pm | Permalink | Reply
Now you know why Mr Giggs has been playing so well
Liz
May 22, 2011 at 3:48 pm | Permalink | Reply
Same old, same old. Famous married man, girl after some fame and money who thinks he will leave his wife. In all of this remember the wife and kids who have trusted him and been let down big time. The marriage may go on but the hurt will never go away completely. They have my best wishes, but Imogen and her ‘lover’ – you reap what you sow and as they say ‘what goes around come around’, one is as bad as the other.
MICK
May 22, 2011 at 3:48 pm | Permalink | Reply
At his age ,Let him enjoy it while he can, fool fo wasting his money on her .
Daiks
May 22, 2011 at 3:49 pm | Permalink | Reply
Ive heard she is a singer now but only doing giggs in Manchester Id like a ticket.
Keith
May 22, 2011 at 3:55 pm | Permalink | Reply
Ryan Giggs officially became a huge douche.
REDARMYVETERAN
May 22, 2011 at 4:25 pm | Permalink | Reply
Jealous by any chance…..oooooooh isn’t he awful
Keith
May 23, 2011 at 10:13 am | Permalink | Reply
Do you think Ashley Cole is a douche? Why should Giggs not get the same treatment. Yes, if I was a football player I would have more fun but I wouldn’t get married if I wasn’t done playing the field.
He is a douche. Not just for cheating on his wife but his kids too. And then he goes and files the super injunction. Pretty low.
Shocka144
May 22, 2011 at 3:58 pm | Permalink | Reply
I’VE JUST LOOKED AT
Billy Jones
@InjunctionSuper
SHOWS EVEN MORE PEOPLE ARE AT IT! I WAS TOTALLY UNAWARE THIS WAS GOING ON LEGALLY!
P.S. Well done
Lyle
May 22, 2011 at 3:58 pm | Permalink | Reply
Woo… thought it was going to be John Terry again. This guy hit on Barry Glenndenning’s girlfriend through the player’s agent/friend at a bar once… according to Football Weekly podcast superstar.
Pitiful. Leash your Johnson son.
Keith
May 22, 2011 at 4:02 pm | Permalink | Reply
The Terry bashing needs to stop. Both sides deny anything happened and the newspaper ended paying out a libel lawsuit.
mark
May 22, 2011 at 8:50 pm | Permalink | Reply
Riiiiiight…. so Wayne Bridge TWICE refused to shake his hand.
I guess he doesnt know the two deniers are well as you seem to,..
The last time was WestHam-Chelsea in the last week of april 2011.
Seems like he isnt STILL buying the denial of a guy who wants this story behind him and of an ex who doenst want to be labelled a whore.
Keith
May 23, 2011 at 10:10 am | Permalink | Reply
Yeah as a Chelsea fan I saw that last month. Look if I was Bridge I wouldn’t shake his hand either. Bridge has the right to be pissed but it doesn’t mean anything happened though.
kevin lee
May 22, 2011 at 3:59 pm | Permalink | Reply
he just brought more attention on himself with all this.i’m so glad its him i am a welshman and it couldn’t have worked out any better.he was a part time international player.well done for exposing him.
Keith
May 22, 2011 at 4:03 pm | Permalink | Reply
Glad this doesn’t exist in the US. Freedom of the press in the US clearly has a lot more meaning than in the UK.
demo
May 22, 2011 at 4:07 pm | Permalink | Reply
who are they
May 22, 2011 at 4:09 pm | Permalink | Reply
dont worrie giggsy you’ll get through it i did ……. keep your head up
peter croach
May 22, 2011 at 5:36 pm | Permalink | Reply
so di i Giggsy please try and stay cool, collective, and the storm plus the greedy bi..h will go away. ps Hold the faith
The electorates opinion
May 22, 2011 at 4:11 pm | Permalink | Reply
I’m glad he’s named here. It’s a shame if he’s wrecked his marriage but he obviously didn’t really value it. It’s a shame for the loved ones who are hurt – but he obviously didn’t really care enough.
Wealthy people having super injunctions to protect them can only encourage adulterous behaviour without reprisal – bad idea. Adultery is something that should be exposed if we believe in marriage. Did these people marry and make vows in a church? Did a judge then make everyone keep their dirty secret in the name of the queen, head of that church?
Stop them now.
May 22, 2011 at 4:12 pm | Permalink | Reply
giggs should shag an old granny like rooney
Common Sense
May 22, 2011 at 4:13 pm | Permalink | Reply
Typical of all you to believe the truth of a story that you haven’t even heard yet……. The judge who granted the injunction stated that he did so because he believed that the player was being blackmailed by Thomas to the tune of £100,000 and that any ‘evidence’ of an affair was actually set up beforehand by her and the NOTW. I won’t won’t be making any judgments on anyones character until i’ve at least heard his side of the story. As far as these ‘super-injunctions’                               are concerned though, I believe that they wouldn’t be necessary if only the media and especially the tabloids were made more accountable for printing hearsay and slander.
Lyndon
May 23, 2011 at 6:18 am | Permalink | Reply
First sensible comment I’ve read on here. The rest of you are too quick to jump on the nearest passing tabloid branded bandwagon.
Sooz
May 23, 2011 at 7:54 am | Permalink | Reply
blackmail or not he still had sex with this thing. If you don’t want to get blackmailed do’nt give anyone the ammo to do it
Anthony James
May 22, 2011 at 4:13 pm | Permalink | Reply
I thought PRIVETE LIFE meant just that, the right to keep your private life, private. Yet i see people on here cheering from the roof tops that they get to find out who it is. Who cares, only sad people with no lives would care about this story and who it is or was. Private life means private, you have no rights to know any of his life just as i don’t have and rights to know what you do in yours. Don’t give me this but he a public figure crap because that makes no                               difference, private is private no matter who you are, famous or not. If Ryan Giggs looses the right to keep his life PRIVATE then you loose your right to keep yours private also. So stop cheering the lose of your right to Privicy because it will be a different story when you want to keep your life private, who will be crying then?????. By the way the right to privicy is not the same as the right to free speech. The only reasons papers wanted to name him was to MAKE                               MONEY, nothing to do with freedom of speech. Infact the only people who wanted to name him where the people who looked to gain money from it. Think about that when you are cheering (WELL DONE) well done for what????? paving the way for the slapper and the newspapers to make money out of somones PRIVATE LIFE. What did you get out of it, NOTHING!.
kris burns
May 22, 2011 at 4:27 pm | Permalink | Reply
Well said Anthony James!!!
At last someone who can stand back and look outside the box at the real issue here!!!
BRIAN KENNEDY
May 22, 2011 at 5:43 pm | Permalink | Reply
Anthony James’s comments are bang on hit it on the head,who really gives aFrench Connection U.K,Imogen Thomas real gold digger,and as for the tabloids it only adds to their sales,so who’s the mugs giggs or us,it’ll be some other rich tube next week,rich twonks and gold diggers are a tabloid’s ‘NIRVANA ‘ B.F.K ,AYRSHIRE
Kosa
May 23, 2011 at 3:41 am | Permalink | Reply
Well I just need more details about the mazey dribble that left three guys confused in his wake before he let go with some shot that nearly broke the ol’ onion bag.
Sarah
May 23, 2011 at 7:55 am | Permalink | Reply
Y is she a slapper??? Coz she fell inlove with a married man who supposedly ‘loves’ his wife and children??? if he loves them so much y did he cheat with another woman??? Sorry but it’s not only Imogen’s fault it takes 2 to tango and he is the self professed ‘family man’!! There is no evidence to say that she was makin money out of it either???
Nobby
May 22, 2011 at 4:21 pm | Permalink | Reply
Imogen Thomas has launched a singing career to play dow speculationof having an affair with a premiership footballer … She is currently doing giggs in Manchester
mad jock
May 22, 2011 at 5:25 pm | Permalink | Reply
brilliant ,nobby !! O K if I use this one to my mates.?
john
May 22, 2011 at 4:21 pm | Permalink | Reply
cor what a prick you are.he also new that he was married so if he had any morales he would.nt have strayed in the 1st place. he tried to hide behind his money but it was all to come out in the end.i feel sorry for his wife she should just divorce him and good luck to her in the future
Special
May 22, 2011 at 4:24 pm | Permalink | Reply
Pity Giggs could not gag all the publications in the uk! Whilst he was wrong to have an affair with the “poor” big brother woman, we have to respect that he certainly does not need to have his laundrette aired in public! What did Imogen the “poor” girl expect? Did she expect him to leave his wife and kids? Did she REALLY expect him to pay her £50k (which went up to £100k the next day) for no apparent reason? She was the one that went to the newspaper to sell her                               story and then to plead how hurt she feels for being left to herself to deal with the media??? Come on give me a break! She is merely a gold digger and would not surprise me in the least if she made a beeline for him and coaxed him into an affair to make money!
DAVE BROWN
May 22, 2011 at 4:44 pm | Permalink | Reply
Hang on a minute get ur facts right the NOTW went to Imogen with the story for a comment before they went to print …..so she cant have asked them for money as they already had something on the story……correct me if wrong but did RG get his wife pregnant out of wedlock and it took a while for them to get married ….so who else might also be a gold digger he knew what could happen hes just like all of us chancers
borderer
May 22, 2011 at 4:29 pm | Permalink | Reply
What a pity some of your correspondents did not apply themselves to studying English grammar at school.
Margaret
May 22, 2011 at 4:32 pm | Permalink | Reply
WELL DONE! Sunday Herald. Glad you have published the cheating snake he should be ashamed of himself. He should have thought about his wife kid’s before he dipped his wick!..
Angie
May 22, 2011 at 4:37 pm | Permalink | Reply
Well I am very dissapointed thought Ryan Giggs was one of the good ones, just goes to show, you can’t have faith in anyone these days
carrsider
May 22, 2011 at 4:42 pm | Permalink | Reply
If I’m going to pay £45 to wear a football shirt I don’t want it to have the name of a man who betrayed his wife and children on it. So we do have a right to know if it’s really the name of a scumbag.
Magic Snodgrass
May 22, 2011 at 4:55 pm | Permalink | Reply
It annoys me when people put make comments and can’t be bothered to even understand the whole story.
To all the deluded posters lauding that junk Scottish paper and pouring vitriol on Ryan Giggs – you’ve missed the point – that isn’t what this story is about.
Read Judge Eady’s report on why he upheld the super-injunction. It was granted because SHE had:
- demanded £100,000 from him
- setup a deal with a newspaper to take photos of them together at a hotel
- got newspaper support for a story that she could make money from
SHE had planned this all along – she wasn’t really interested in the money. The judge claimed that he felt it was Blackmail. That is what the story is about.
That newspaper is on thin ice. Affairs, cheating happen all the time – everyday, everywhere. It’s not in the public interest to disclose info on people who cheat. If they want to be fair, they should report on every single affair rather than solely concentrate on one involving a footballer. It’s about selling papers and making money.
Imogen Thomas is a 100% nasty piece of work and an example of everything that’s wrong with the current British media and love affair with just ‘being famous.’
Common Sense
May 22, 2011 at 5:02 pm | Permalink | Reply
Bang on Snodgrass…….. 100% correctamundo
Magic Snodgrass
May 22, 2011 at 5:10 pm | Permalink | Reply
I made a bit of a typo – i meant:
SHE had planned this all along – she wasn’t really interested IN THE RELATIONSHIP, SHE WAS INTERESTED in the money. The judge claimed that he felt it was Blackmail. That is what the story is about
Sarah
May 23, 2011 at 8:56 am | Permalink | Reply
Where was the hard evidence that all these demands were made?
At the end of the day whether she did make the demands or not he still shouldn’t have cheated on his wife that’s the bottom line… He and Imogen are both as guilty as each other but at the end of the day he was the 1 that took marriage vows not her!!
carrsider
May 22, 2011 at 5:23 pm | Permalink | Reply
She may also be a “100% nasty piece of work” but he didn’t have to succumb to her. His money got him in to it now he wants his money to get him out of it.
carole
May 22, 2011 at 8:44 pm | Permalink | Reply
MR.MANURE SNODGRASS your points are all supposing the weasel was telling the truth.What a cowardly gutless person he is.AND he has the nerve to want to use his money to silence others.
Sooz
May 23, 2011 at 8:01 am | Permalink | Reply
Even if that trollop did plan this, HE still had sex with her and they both knew he was married. What does it take for people to realise marriage, children and family means NO SCREWING AROUND
Cherry choochoo
May 23, 2011 at 9:05 am | Permalink | Reply
I agree she was only doing it for the money and probably more so, the power (no not phil taylor he wouldn’t touch it with giggs’) but it is very hard to believe that she thought he was going to propose and genuinely ‘loved’ her, she started saying those things to cover up the fact she had demanded money from him. They are as bad as eachother although it’s pathetic she is called things like ‘sexy’ and a ‘babe’. Its no wonder men end up cheating because it sounds                                   appealing to them, so I think it was good of the judge to grant the injunction against the media being allowed to disclose the affair because they are not willing to take it seriously. Stupid women like Imogen should be taken or what they are not made to look glamourous or attractive. Its not fair. The people that call her the sort of things a man should call his wife or girlfriend are no better than Imogen and that footballer too.
Reesy
May 22, 2011 at 5:02 pm | Permalink | Reply
well done this is not a communist country
Magic Snodgrass
May 22, 2011 at 5:18 pm | Permalink | Reply
No, it’s a country that invades your right to privacy.
Tinman
May 23, 2011 at 5:49 am | Permalink | Reply
There is a lot of people supporting rights to privacy, then you must also support what he has done behind his wifes’ back? If it not in the publics interest why has everybody been speculating, talking and commenting on the whole affair for weeks. I would bet a weeks wage that she has not asked him for money for silence, he just using it to have the injunction granted to hide it from his wife and family.
Alex Welsh Wizard
May 22, 2011 at 5:03 pm | Permalink | Reply
i love you giggs what a legend!!
shelly8
May 22, 2011 at 5:07 pm | Permalink | Reply
In reply to Anthony James comment about people being entitled to a private life, these overpaid footballers live their lives in a public arena, and are where they are because of the public attending their football games. They work hard (well, in some cases) and play harder. It doesn’t entitle them to behave in the manner that so many of them adopt when they reach ‘stardom’, by splashing the cash, trying to impress infatuated and impressionable young girls and                               generally behaving as if they are ‘God’s Gift’ to the world. Get real guys, you get paid far too much to do a job, so just get on and do it, keep it in your pants and at the end of your ‘working’ day, go home to your wives and children who are waiting for you. You will earn your private life by avoiding the public eye and behaving like grown, responsible family men.
Magic Snodgrass
May 22, 2011 at 5:42 pm | Permalink | Reply
shelly8 – I’m pretty sure you wouldn’t berate a cheating Policeman who stopped someone from mugging you in the street, or berate a cheating Firefighter who pulled you out of a burning building?
But then you wouldn’t know that they had cheated would you? Because it hasn’t been splashed in the papers. And rightly so, because it’s got nothing to do with you.
He’s a footballer. He plays football. Judge him on his antics on the football field. His antics in the bedroom are not of any importance to you. You don’t judge a Policeman or Fireman on his private life, so why is it acceptable to judge a footballer any differently?
Anthony James
May 22, 2011 at 7:02 pm | Permalink | Reply
Yep spot on with the reply.
You have to understand, privicy is privcy no matter who you are. Just because there job is so called in the public eye it does’nt matter. The papers want it both ways, MAKING MONEY ON THE BACK PAGES out of his job role as a footballer AND THE FRONT out of his private life, the second is not fair and has nothing to do with them. If this was a Football matter and somthing to do with on the Football pitch then Fine, thats his job but its not. Once he steps off                                       that pitch its his own private life, just like its yours when you leave work and go home.
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE IT IF THEY BROUGHT IT INTO LAW THAT YOUR EMPLOYER HAD RIGHTS TO KNOW WHAT YOU DID AT HOME IN YOUR PRIVATE LIFE. DON’T THINK YOU WOULD THINK THAT WAS FAIR AND YOU WOULD BE RIGHT. ONCE YOU STEP OUT OF THAT DOOR OF YOUR WORKPLACE YOU ARE FREE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE, NO MATTER WHO YOU WORK FOR OR HOW MUCH MONEY YOU EARN, SIMPLE.
kyla
May 22, 2011 at 5:07 pm | Permalink | Reply
at the end of the day he was the one who was married not imogen from bb he was the one who saught to get the super injunction not imogen and he should be named this way bet he regrets all that money he spent now on them fancy lawers its his poor wife stacey i feel for and there children.
giggity
May 22, 2011 at 5:30 pm | Permalink | Reply
what is all the fuss about, I couldn’t give a stuff who is banging who – makes no difference to me!! The papers are scum for reporting this stuff – it has no public interest at all. I hate Man Utd but if I were a fan I wouldn’t care who any of the players were banging – just care about how they play. There’s plenty of more worthwhile stories to report – like stopping the rape at the petrol pumps by greedy government and petrol companies!!!!
Anthony James
May 22, 2011 at 7:09 pm | Permalink | Reply
Yep, but the papers like to keep us informed with this crap that nobody with a life cares about.
wheres the papers storys on £1.49 a litre petrol. Perhaps if we cared more about this than some stupid gold digger and a footballer then it wouldnt be so high and we wonder why we are being conned all the time.
Care about things that matter and affect you, not about things that don’t affect you and don’t matter.
If we did, trust me this life would be a whole lot easier…..
chaddo
May 23, 2011 at 3:55 am | Permalink | Reply
So nobody with a life cares about this. Rather a condescending comment. Well, Mr Anthony James – you seem to have posted a lot of comments regarding this topic. Does your interest in this mean that you do not have a life. Give us a break – this is an interesting story – we British love to see our “heroes” brought down a peg or two once in a while.
Alec McInnes
May 23, 2011 at 8:03 am | Permalink | Reply
How about the large amount of the judiciary who are hiding in the closet?
But go to any ends to keep it quiet and they support issues on other peoples lives,WHAT HYPOCRITES
Kevin
May 22, 2011 at 5:11 pm | Permalink | Reply
wHO IS IT I have no idea
up the villa
May 22, 2011 at 5:17 pm | Permalink | Reply
There both as bad as each other. You cant blame one of them as it takes two to tango.
I feel sorry for his wife.
Hes a dirty dog and shes imigen is just as bad.
carl
May 22, 2011 at 5:26 pm | Permalink | Reply
hooray ! am I the only working class ordinary person who loves his football but hates todays mamby pamby “touch me and I’ll throw myself down as if you’ve pole axed me with a baseball bat” footballers who think there so far up on a pedestal that the mere mention of man u or premier league 170k a week merchant will strike fear in any mere mortals heart…….. welcome to the real world… what a shame it wasnt the granny prostitute lover this time or his sad sad sad                               humiliated wife who must be the talk of the town behind her back from all her so called friends and colleagues that this was the storyline about.
sonny
May 22, 2011 at 5:27 pm | Permalink | Reply
As we all know footballers were never the sharpest tools in the box. All that money, and they still cant read or write. Have you ever heard of a player with a degree let alone GCSEs.
Dear Giggs be a man … you screwed up and was caught with your pants down. Your wife does not want to leave you as you are her atm, and imogen I believe was very affectionate towards you thinking she had a future. Womanisers always bulls**t stating their marriage is on the rocks.
Bad for you … but step up to the mark and deal with this otherwise your career/sponsorship will be over.. shame !
carole
May 22, 2011 at 8:58 pm | Permalink | Reply
SONNY – Steve Heighway of Liverpool FC had a degree.Otherwise I agree 100% with what you say.He is a gutless turd.
Big Brother
May 22, 2011 at 5:30 pm | Permalink | Reply
I am watching you !
Ian mc
May 22, 2011 at 5:32 pm | Permalink | Reply
Well that’s one way of boosting the sales after you revealed a huge drop in numbers last week. But hey great.
Giggs should simply have fessed up, held up his hands and moved on. Instead he drew this out and now his self preservation leads to humiliation on a number of levels.
I’m glad because you have promoted the fact that English high courts DO NOT have juristiction in Scotland where Scots law has primacy. The arrogance of the English judiciary has been burst.
Ryan Giggs, you are a sleeze.
Aumontzey
May 22, 2011 at 5:32 pm | Permalink | Reply
Loser!
Janet O'Brien
May 22, 2011 at 5:33 pm | Permalink | Reply
Why has it taken so long for him to be named, when the superinjunctions are not enforceable in Scotland, due to our separate legal system?
Come on, Herald, name all the others granted these ridiculous injunctions.
What?
May 22, 2011 at 5:33 pm | Permalink | Reply
Hang on – why is everyone instantly assuming any guilt on Giggsy’s part? The injunction is to stop people talking about an ALLEGATION – not a conviction. If you were in his position and some slag started spouting cr@p about you all over the press you’d want it stopped too. Whether he did it or not is now irrelevant – it seems people have already made up their minds that he did it. If it now comes out that Imogen Thomas made it all up, it’s too late. Giggsy’s                               reputation has been unfairly sullied.
shona
May 22, 2011 at 5:33 pm | Permalink | Reply
A newspaper with guts! Cant help but respect you. Who cares who is sleeping with whom, but at the end of the day its double standards for the courts to allow him to hide behind an injunction whilst outing her and also accusing her of blackmail and she isn’t allowed to breathe his name. A disgraceful thing to do both by the court and by Giggs himself. If she blackmailed him he should sue. If she hasnt, he should have faced the music like a man. He has lost all                               credibility now. What a wimp!
manure utd
May 22, 2011 at 5:34 pm | Permalink | Reply
Evidently his wife came out and asked him outright if it was him after reading his name on twitter etc,he fessed up..thats why he wasnt in the team a few weeks back or even on the bench…he was doing the grovelling act,if she gives him the boot she will be taking him biiiiig time to the cleaners and will make Ray Parlours payout seem like peanuts,,,,,,good the welsh gyppo
Nicholas
May 22, 2011 at 5:36 pm | Permalink | Reply
Shame on giggsy, not for having the affair but for trying to hide the fact. Whats the point of being a premiership legend, being gifted circa £100k weekly and being admired as a role model and not being able to boast about his conquests….omg what kind of country is this?
May 22, 2011 at 5:37 pm | Permalink | Reply
bang goes the knighthood gigsy,haha
Sofar
May 22, 2011 at 5:39 pm | Permalink | Reply
If she wasn’t so damn hot this wouldn’t have happened.
best
May 22, 2011 at 5:40 pm | Permalink | Reply
People should try to give respect to marriages more than anything else,yes he did it and its his own mistake and business,why do people make fun in destroying marriages,”SHAME ON YOU ALL WRECKERS”
alec varcoe
May 22, 2011 at 5:43 pm | Permalink | Reply
they should be named and shamed
stephen powell
May 22, 2011 at 5:43 pm | Permalink | Reply
should of took it on the chin,like a man.well and truly shown your true colours gigs.
Bob Wilson
May 22, 2011 at 5:52 pm | Permalink | Reply
Well done on putting Giggs in the public domain. Now how about the rest of thes cretins who are hiding behind the injunctions.
christine
May 22, 2011 at 5:52 pm | Permalink | Reply
he is just a rat like all the other footballers, she will stay with him so would i and take him for what he is worth, in money that is, and im skint tapping my mum but me my man and daughter are sooooooooo happeeeeeeeeee get a grip of yourself man, strengh to you the other half take him for the lot
chris
May 22, 2011 at 5:52 pm | Permalink | Reply
Ryan Giggs is a Legend …., having a remarkable season. A GOD OF WORLD FOOTBALL …., this brain-dead Bimbo doesn’t deserve to breathe the same air as the great man …, let alone criticise him ….,
Time the Media stopped destroying people’s lifes …, WE NEED PRIVACY LAWS NOW FOR EVERYBODY’S PERSONAL LIFE !!! ….,
will
May 22, 2011 at 6:19 pm | Permalink | Reply
this brain-dead Bimbo doesn’t deserve to breathe the same air as the great man ..
did u ever hear the saying..it takes one to know one..in your case replace bimbo with nob… Ryan Giggs is a Legend.. so being a legend means you can do what you like..A GOD OF WORLD FOOTBALL …a there you go hes a god now so he definitely can do anything..it must be great to live in your world ..not….Time the Media stopped destroying people’s lifes…so you don’t think giggs was doing a very good job of it all by himself eh..
what a plonker you sound.
D,M,C
May 23, 2011 at 8:45 am | Permalink | Reply
The people who think that this man do what ever he wants when he wants. Would ye please get a life. I feel very sorry for the wife and kids, They are the ones who are hurting. Footballers are over paid fools who do they think they are.
helen barton
May 22, 2011 at 5:52 pm | Permalink | Reply
He shouldn’t have broken his marriage vows, she shouldn’t (allegedly) have tried to take him for money, but the only ones happy about this are the lawyers. I would guess that his legal fees by the end are going to be well over £100,000.00, she has got a shed load of publicity and (unfortunately) probably offers from tv / newspapers. He should have emulated Lord Wellington and told her to “publish and be damned” and taken his punishment like a man! As said earlier                               it all would have blown over by now, for goodness sake where is the news in “millionaire footballer screws someone not his wife”!
Marty
May 22, 2011 at 5:53 pm | Permalink | Reply
TBH I wouldn’t have known who he is by the photo (I am not ‘into’ football). Now, I know – I say “who cares”, other than his missus (if he is married), or her husband if she is married.
mack sacunt
May 22, 2011 at 5:54 pm | Permalink | Reply
Well done more overpaid numb skull scum unmasked,
David
May 22, 2011 at 5:55 pm | Permalink | Reply
The laws an ass…and so is giggs.
Do you think anyone would of given a monkeys about this story without the cover up.
Well done Herald
Megan
May 22, 2011 at 5:58 pm | Permalink | Reply
you know what, although there has been a lot of speculation around this person, rumours are rumours and to be honest it wouldn’t spurise me if it turned out not to be him. hes a good man, husband and father, (anyone that can say how would i know, well i DO) and from the fact his wife is still firmly standing next to him (prime example would be today, and at the player of the year awards!) says it all really. imogen thomas is an attention seeker and done this                               nothing more than for publicity, its all “poor her” but she knew what she was getting herself into and should face the consequences, even if it is being branded a home wrecker, which she is. she knew he was married and had kids and could have just said no, but never. its pathetic really, and he shouldn’t get to hide behind an injunction, cowardly.
Sally
May 22, 2011 at 10:03 pm | Permalink | Reply
If it wasn’t imogen thomas he had of slept with, it would have been some other girl. He was married, he should not have had other desires for other woman, how many other woman has he slept with, I am pretty sure Imogen is not the first, and last of all, he should have kept it in his pants!
welshy
May 22, 2011 at 6:00 pm | Permalink | Reply
As far as I’m concerned super injunctions shouldn’t exist. The Footballer decided to cheat on his wife when he knew it was wrong so what right has he got to use money to cover is indiscretion. Imogen was also in the wrong but if he as able to cover his name it would only be fair that her name is protected so that she wasn’t thrown in to the lions den due to not having a spare £50000 to spend. If the first place he had thought of his wife and family then none of                               this would have happen.
Bill Connor
May 22, 2011 at 6:02 pm | Permalink | Reply
Glad at last that a Scottish newspaper has published the name but why hasnt all the scots newspapers broke the conspiracy of silence…The story above refers to a high court in the Uk when it should read a high court in England Scots law has always been seperate. Does no celebrity know that they should ask for an interdict in Scotland their memory must be short don’t they remember Thatcher getting an injunction against the spycatcher book only for it to be published                               in Scotland.
Janet
May 22, 2011 at 6:06 pm | Permalink | Reply
This overpaid philanderer thinks that he can use can use his money to manipulate freedom of expression.On this issue the law has become an ass.Keep publishing and tweeting until parliament discusses these injunctions and arrogant judges are forced to reconsider.
AGriffiths
May 22, 2011 at 6:13 pm | Permalink | Reply
What a plonker! We couldn’t care less about football and have hardly ever heard of him. But all the publicity made us curious. I feel sorry for the girl who has been dragged into the mud over this. If he didn’t want it to get out, he should have stayed loyal to his wife. A and D
saf
May 22, 2011 at 6:15 pm | Permalink | Reply
What a dumb footballer, Lawyers tells him to take twitter and to court and he goes for it, Lawyer makes loads of money, Imogen gets more fame than she could have ever hoped for, and he has become the most famous footballer on earth…..Great move matey
jtm371
May 22, 2011 at 6:20 pm | Permalink | Reply
i thought i heard she was given a jersey.would she get in trouble with the UK legal system if she wore it? next seasons away matches could be ugly.when you lie with dogs you might get fleas.
Bill
May 22, 2011 at 6:23 pm | Permalink | Reply
The UK does not have a high court. The court in question is the The Supreme Court of England & Wales. Scotland has a seperate legal system, which is why the Scottish newspaper has more cover when publishing.
hurny
May 22, 2011 at 6:36 pm | Permalink | Reply
well done
someone needs to stand up against this daft law.
Easy solution for the players to stop these stories KEEP YOUR PANTS ON!
Glenn
May 22, 2011 at 7:12 pm | Permalink | Reply
You’ve all condemned him without knowing what’s going on. And,frankly it’s because of society’s insatiable appetite for all thing celebrity that enables a women this like this to do the things she has. She is a blackmailer. Why did she want £100,000 if it was just a fling? She has planned a campaign to get some fame and some cash. Who says they had sex? Who says the marriage is over? Who says any of this is true? It is all coming from one side and the other does                               not want to get involved and is trying every means possible to avoid embarrassment for his family.
Sally
May 22, 2011 at 10:07 pm | Permalink | Reply
If one is not guilt, then why apply for a gagging order?
Mikey
May 22, 2011 at 7:13 pm | Permalink | Reply
we love you giggsy and we always will! you are the undisputed number one player of my generation. you are now and forever will be a true red legend. you’ve never once made a mistake in twenty years of football and hopefully the missus gives you another chance.
Anthony James
May 22, 2011 at 7:15 pm | Permalink | Reply
You have to understand, privicy is privcy no matter who you are. Just because there job is so called in the public eye it does’nt matter. The papers want it both ways, MAKING MONEY ON THE BACK PAGES out of his job role as a footballer AND THE FRONT out of his private life, the second is not fair and has nothing to do with them. If this was a Football matter and somthing to do with on the Football pitch then Fine, thats his job but its not. Once he steps off that                               pitch its his own private life, just like its yours when you leave work and go home.
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE IT IF THEY BROUGHT IT INTO LAW THAT YOUR EMPLOYER HAD RIGHTS TO KNOW WHAT YOU DID AT HOME IN YOUR PRIVATE LIFE. DON’T THINK YOU WOULD THINK THAT WAS FAIR AND YOU WOULD BE RIGHT. ONCE YOU STEP OUT OF THAT DOOR OF YOUR WORKPLACE YOU ARE FREE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE, NO MATTER WHO YOU WORK FOR OR HOW MUCH MONEY YOU EARN, SIMPLE.
Anthony James
May 22, 2011 at 7:17 pm | Permalink | Reply
All i can see on here from everyone who agrees with the paper revieling the so called name is bitter comments about footballers or people with money. It seems to me this is more about those issues that really getting to know who it was.
You have to understand, privicy is privcy no matter who you are. Just because there job is so called in the public eye it does’nt matter. The papers want it both ways, MAKING MONEY ON THE BACK PAGES out of his job role as a footballer AND THE FRONT out of his private life, the second is not fair and has nothing to do with them. If this was a Football matter and somthing to do with on the Football pitch then Fine, thats his job but its not. Once he steps off that                               pitch its his own private life, just like its yours when you leave work and go home.
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE IT IF THEY BROUGHT IT INTO LAW THAT YOUR EMPLOYER HAD RIGHTS TO KNOW WHAT YOU DID AT HOME IN YOUR PRIVATE LIFE. DON’T THINK YOU WOULD THINK THAT WAS FAIR AND YOU WOULD BE RIGHT. ONCE YOU STEP OUT OF THAT DOOR OF YOUR WORKPLACE YOU ARE FREE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE, NO MATTER WHO YOU WORK FOR OR HOW MUCH MONEY YOU EARN, SIMPLE.
tonyspeed
May 22, 2011 at 7:21 pm | Permalink | Reply
Half of the people commenting on how ryan giggs is sleaze are probably sleaze in their lives as well. This world breeds hypocrites like them. They just like to hold others to an artificially high standard.
Louise
May 22, 2011 at 7:23 pm | Permalink | Reply
Fair play to her … Ryan Giggs?? I definitely WOULD too! He is LUSH!
mattydalegend09
May 22, 2011 at 7:56 pm | Permalink | Reply
he shouldnt of done what he has if it is him, but its been made a massive issue all bcoz i think she wants his money and wants to boost her profile again, n doesnt even care about his wife n kids!!!!!! no wounder hes been playing so well 4 united lately lol after playing away twice in the same day haha !!! NO MATTER WHAT GIGGSY IS A LEGEND ,AND WE SHOULD REMEMBER HIM 4 THAT NOT BCOZ OF THIS ????? F.A.C.T
val
May 22, 2011 at 8:08 pm | Permalink | Reply
ego, selfishness, arrogance, and the pain he has caused to his wife, another day in the life of a footballer in the 21st century, these players come nowhere near the dignity of players in the past who loved their sport.
peter250
May 22, 2011 at 8:24 pm | Permalink | Reply
There both adults, and are both responsible for their own actions. He should of stood up and been a man though instead of trying to hide the affair from his wife, it’s the least he could do. His wife didn’t deserve to be treated like that. He was in the wrong and tried everything possible to keep his sleazy affair a secret. That’s terrible.
Steven
May 22, 2011 at 8:35 pm | Permalink | Reply
Thank god this full disclosure happened a week before the CL final. It gives Fergie time to convince his team that if they too want to play as well as Giggsy then they will have to sacrfice their marriages for the benefit of the team and have an affair before the final. It’s the only way Manure are going to beat Barcelona
.
May 22, 2011 at 8:42 pm | Permalink | Reply
Have they not heard of the Streisand Effect in England?
First thing I thought when I heard Giggs name was Eugene Robinson, the free safety who was arrested the night before hte SuperBowl for asking an undercover cop for sex RIGHT AFTER receiving an award for his moral character.
No one cares that Rooney, Cole, Crouch cheat…. they are who they are.
But Giggs like Robinson has a whole image about his character, morals and decision making that have also affected how people perceive him on the pitch. His beyond idiotic award last year as player of year was largely influenced by his reputation and image.
Which is what makes this both funny and much more interesting.
Does anyone care if Dennis Rodman or Ron Artest cheat on their wives? No. But if its some guy whose image is based on his character does it, then it becomes interesting.
Had he banged this bimbo one night you could always blame it on a momentary loss of reason… im so embarassed, this is not me… I feel like I betrayed myself and my family and so on… you can do damage control for a one night fling and most men would say but for the grace of god and money, there go I. Blame it on booze if you want.
But carrying on a 7 month affair is a different thing. Its calculating, deceitful, planned. Youd figure after baning her a couple of dozen times the first week, something would have clicked in his moral fibre and upstanding character.
It didnt.
And a reality TV star? Really? Pay a high class hooker that deals with politicians and you can expect some kind of ethics (in that sphere, you pay for the girl as much as for the silence). Bang a reality TV star and expect to get burned eventually.
Another sign of bad decision making.
Lot of you are missing the point, its not about privacy, its about image manipulation and creation.
If Joe Blow decides to cheat on his wife, no one cares.
But Giggs whole image is a sham that was dismantled by this affair.
That image could have gotten him the barftastic Sir title. The reason why a Rooney will never get mentioned for one and Giggs was is the image. The image of a morally strong man, one whose characters is unimpeacheable.
An image that could be used to get some of those Dad-husband of the year awards and kudos from all over.
That image could be used to to market Giggs and sell his image as a role model.
That image is a lie.
THAT is the question, not whether he banged some bimbo.
Most football and non-football descriptions of Giggs are based on this image,, the character, the ethics, the morals….
We should laud him for what he has achieved and done on the field
but we have a right to know if that image he has peddled is true or not.
Whether a politician is gay or not should not matter but when a politician makes his career on anti-gay positions and then turns out to be gay, then it is. Same thing happened a while back with Henry Hyde I think. The fact that he cheated on his wife shouldnt have mattered except that he was very virulent against other politicians who had.
The bimbo’s role in this is unimportant.
Whether she planned this or not is totally irrelevant.
Sally
May 22, 2011 at 10:25 pm | Permalink | Reply
Well said.
PatTheChat
May 23, 2011 at 3:27 am | Permalink | Reply
Interesting points. But when did Giggs ‘create’ an image of respectability for himself? He didn’t… the very same papers who are trying to reveal him created it. He just didn’t get himself in the papers for falling out of nightclubs all the time. He focussed on his football (clearly he did or he would not still be playing at his age at the club he plays for), he has the longevity factor and he is good at what he does. He happens to be married with children. The                                   papers put that lot together and start banging on about giving him a knighthood when he packs it in. So, through no contrived plan on his part he becomes a perceived ‘saint’. In the world of selling news, live a fairly normal life outside your professional life and get hyped for it or lead the life of a roue and get blasted for it. All of his sub-consciously portray ourselves in the best possible light and try to hide our flaws. But we all have them. The                                   footballer involved has made the mistake of blowing this all out of proportion, that is his other ‘crime.’ It would have been far better to say ‘Yeah, I did it. I got it wrong. Sell your paper and then build a bridge and get over it.’
Dave
May 22, 2011 at 8:45 pm | Permalink | Reply
It will be in other newspaper in Scotland next because this super-injunction ony covered England
Micky England
May 22, 2011 at 9:08 pm | Permalink | Reply
My monies on his missus standing by him. She knows where her bread is buttered.!!!
John
May 22, 2011 at 9:04 pm | Permalink | Reply
reed, you nailed it on the head with your post. I agree it’s all about the image. I wonder what effect this will have on Giggs playing in the CL final on Saturday. Gaffer, have the Welsh papers said anything or does the injunction cover Wales too?
Ian Macintosh
May 22, 2011 at 9:18 pm | Permalink | Reply
Self righteous hypocrites all of you. Posters and newspaper. You are voyeurs, judge and jury, and carrion. Congratulations.
Sally
May 22, 2011 at 10:19 pm | Permalink | Reply
Mr Macintosh, I quite like how you have described yourself there, in the above comment. For you to to call us Posters & Newpapers hypocrites, voyeurs, judge and jury and carrion, is calling the kettle back, no? You to have just read most of these comments and participated, and you too has just made judgement on others. I refer to the old saying.. “the pot calling the kettle black”.
tonyspeed
May 23, 2011 at 10:37 am | Permalink | Reply
Bravo. Well said Ian. Vultures the lot of em.
Robin Gitte
May 22, 2011 at 9:21 pm | Permalink | Reply
Brilliant. Well done.
JW
May 22, 2011 at 9:57 pm | Permalink | Reply
I only looked at the newspaper website to see who it was. Some of the comments that you guys left were very funny indeed. It is a shame though, that the newspapers cant campaign etc on things that affect our lives more like the price of petrol and the shortage of adequate quality housing for families in need. Sadly these reports/outings try to divert our attention from the real issues affecting us on a daily basis.
If Ryan Giggs did betray his wife and have an affair with this girl then shame on them. Th upshot of this for both is that their reputations have been tarnished and may never recover.
There should be no such thing as super injunctions. If Ryan really wanted to put his money to good use then he should have donated it to a worthwhile charity and faced up to the fact that he had made an real error of judgement. If it is that Imogen did set this up then she needs to put to better use the brain power she used by getting herself a proper job.
In the first place there should have been a clean admission of what had gone on as by now it would have blown over and we could get on with reading about something really interesting. The two of them have only themselves to blame, anyone in the public eye has a responsibility to behave in a way that does not bring them to the publics notice for anything they would no doubt be very ashamed of, so therefore they should keep it intheir pants and be more aware of                               approaches from women or men out to make a name for themselves on the back of someone elses fame or fortune.
Ryan if it is you, then no more throwing money away with these injunctions and any other court action your solicitor might ill advise you of, come clean sort yourself out, the longer it goes on the more embarrasing it becomes for your wife and children.
Imogen, in my culture girl, we would advise you to find something to do, being famous for big brother (wow) and being the leg over for a married footballer is not a good career.
Stephen Mulhern
May 22, 2011 at 11:32 pm | Permalink | Reply
About time someone pointed out the madness and injustice of such injunctions they should not be used to pamper to the rich and famous needs well done!!
brn442
May 22, 2011 at 11:42 pm | Permalink | Reply
Ryan Giggs won The league: 12x, FA Cup: 4x, League Cup: 4x, Community Shield: 8x, Champions League: 2x, Super Cup: 1, Intercontinental Cup: 1, Club World Cup: 1
And I should care about who he dances with????
Nick
May 23, 2011 at 12:08 am | Permalink | Reply
Till I see a reputable source reporting this it’s all just rumors and hearsay to me, publicity for publicity’s sake.
But hey, if it gets the EPLTalk readers, I guess the editors don’t care.
mcmagic
May 23, 2011 at 2:14 am | Permalink | Reply
Mystery Footballer takes out injunction. Twitter user names RG. Mystery Footballer goes back to the High Court to sue Twitter. What can you be unsure about ??? Serves him right too; How can anybody even try to defend this married millionaire who CHOSE to have WR’s sloppy seconds with a blabber-mouth Reality-TV ‘star’? Get real.
Matty
May 23, 2011 at 12:19 am | Permalink | Reply
Thre are 145 reasons above why his name should not have been revealed. Just because a story is printed in the paper 99% of the population believe it to be absolute fact.
What if he has not had an affair?
What if he and his family are the subject of a malicious gold digger trying to make money at someone else’s expense with a story which is hard to prove either way?
Maybe he did do it. If so is it your or my business? He’s a profesional footballer not a marriage guidance counsellor.
The posts above show why it is so dangerous to allow someone to say whatever the want in newspapers because once the genie is out of the bottle you can never get it back in. You the people who have posted above without any referance to fact have decided that it is all true.
THAT IS WHY PEOPLE TAKE OUT THESE INJUNCTIONS.
They know that the gullable public will believe anything they read in the papers. And before you all jump up in arms yes I know that the majority of those taking them out have something dirty to hide but they all have one thing in common, which is to protects a reputation which whether or not the allegations are proved true or false months down the line, the damage is done.
This footballer has probably done exactly what he is accused of but who knows for sure? What happens when a persons career or marriage are ruined by a mistake in the newspapers, what then? Compensate them?
What price do you put on a ruined marriage / life?
Dal7glish
May 23, 2011 at 12:42 am | Permalink | Reply
It’s sad so many people are taking joy out of this, don’t have much sympathy for the offending parties… but I feel for the kids.
thestick
May 23, 2011 at 2:24 am | Permalink | Reply
Matty,
There are already laws to prevent newspapers printing lies – it called libel.
If she was threatening to blackmail him, then this is a criminal matter.
There is no need for superinjuctions to protect criminal businessmen and hypocrites.
Now if any of the directors of the companies that sponser him are adulterers, then they should not be alowed to withdraw sponsership claiming a moral point that they do not follow themselves.
Tony James
May 23, 2011 at 2:53 am | Permalink | Reply
Christ, reading all these comments makes me realise that the worlds gone nuts.
He hasnt killed, raped or robbed an old lady of her life savings.
Yes hes done wrong, but for godsake ppl, get a grip, this kind of thing is going on much more than you realise, and to be honest, its nothing to do with you or i…
Im not interested in what these ppl do in the PRIVATE life, get it, “PRIVATE LIFE”….its what they do in their professional life that counts.
If it is definately 100% RG, hes still a legend and on the field of play, has been a model pro.
bernadette burgan
May 23, 2011 at 3:06 am | Permalink | Reply
Well who would have thought it Ryan Giggs Mr squeaky clean and all the time he is cheating on his family, wife and kids he deserves everything he gets and so does she, he knew what he was doing was wrong and she did too so they both deserve what is coming to them, and if giggs wife takes him back after humiliating her like that in the press she is an idiot too and when it all comes to a head its all about money so how selfish are they all in this matter i feel                               sorry for the kids.
JayJay
May 23, 2011 at 3:09 am | Permalink | Reply
Why did he apply for an injunction? If he had not done this, his story would now have been old news.
Addtionally if you commit adultery,why should you be protected? A poor man would not have had this priviliege of hiding dirty little secrets, so why should it be different for because you havemoney and power.
Gary Tracy
May 23, 2011 at 3:15 am | Permalink | Reply
Who the Hell cares? I don’t like footbal anyway. It’s an overpaid childish game played by immature kids.
Bill Keeling
May 23, 2011 at 3:15 am | Permalink | Reply
Who gives a toss. It’s between his wife and himself to sort out. It’s no one else’s business. I blame the PR Guru’s who are just out to make a fast buck by selling stories to gutter press
mrpinkeye
May 23, 2011 at 3:28 am | Permalink | Reply
you lot have way too much time on your hands. go and do something productive and stop getting worked up over something that doesnt concern you!
May 23, 2011 at 3:41 am | Permalink | Reply
just a man with money good lad keep it up
Lark
May 23, 2011 at 3:56 am | Permalink | Reply
I am not in the least interested in football, but because of all the speculation, I decided to have a look and it took all of a few clicks.
Ulimately, there are victims in this debacle, they are called wife and kids. The culprits, R & I, both made a decision, neither was forced, and whatever their respective motives were, they should both be thoroughly ashamed.
I sincerely hope his wife kicks him well and truly into the touch line and not prove to be another walk over like Rooney’s Mrs who has now let him away with it twice, and she will no doubt do so again the next time.
Girls, grow a set, your respective husbands obviously have none..!!
Mike Taylor
May 23, 2011 at 3:58 am | Permalink | Reply
Giggsy,
You should have taken a leaf out of your mate Rooney’s book. Saved most of your money, spent 200 quid on a packet of fags and let it all come out. I t would have been dead and buried in 2 days. Now look what you have done.
Ron
May 23, 2011 at 4:10 am | Permalink | Reply
Giggsy, you deserve all the humiliation you get. Trying to use absurd court rulings to try and hide your scummy behaviour has only made your humiliation (and your wife and kids) orders of magnitude worse. Apologize to your family, the women and the public and forgive you and remember you for the great footballer you once were.
gaggs
May 23, 2011 at 4:20 am | Permalink | Reply
??????????? once were……that should read still are ….goon
finaltoke
May 23, 2011 at 4:10 am | Permalink | Reply
He’s not the messiah…he’s a very naughty boy!
getingiggs
May 23, 2011 at 4:18 am | Permalink | Reply
she was not a virgin before this you know….she is an old slapper who loves it…if she f**ked my window cleaner there would be no fuss…get off his back….19
Nikolas Haros
May 23, 2011 at 4:56 am | Permalink | Reply
Hopefully now the judges will scrap super injunctions and all the snakes can be named.
Rossie
May 23, 2011 at 5:33 am | Permalink | Reply
It is so comforting to know that there are so many angels in this world. I wonder how many of you would be so critical if Giggs played for any other team but Man United.
Get over yourselves.
Joseph
May 23, 2011 at 5:35 am | Permalink | Reply
Why is it so much an issue when one cheats? Why is it so news worthy for newspapers to hound people about their infidelity. Mistakes do happen and the need of attention by both parties in a marriage leads people to find it elsewhere. Its no ones business if I cheat as its been here for time immemorial. The genes are in use and we cannot genetically modify it. Its sometimes good to climb down from our moral high horses.
Tommy P
May 23, 2011 at 5:44 am | Permalink | Reply
It is known that Giggsy has been a cheat for years and has had so many injunctions out on women to gag them from selling their story of the affairs with him.
Amberella
May 23, 2011 at 6:00 am | Permalink | Reply
Ho actually cares – how the hell does this affect my life. So Ryan Giggs had an affair so what, it does pay my mortgage or put food on my table. Why should I care, this is between him, his wife and family and the person he slept with. Just the same as it would be for the rest of us.
Charles obanor
May 23, 2011 at 6:25 am | Permalink | Reply
it is very appalling how sexual scandal is destroying the western world,how i wish the men should be careful and learn their lesson.
TA
May 23, 2011 at 6:27 am | Permalink | Reply
Why are they all calling him English he chose to play for Wales and is Welsh.
The Law is an Ass.
Jack Morton
May 23, 2011 at 6:37 am | Permalink | Reply
What some lowlife he is.
Bill Wardley-Smith
May 23, 2011 at 6:53 am | Permalink | Reply
This is so stunningly inane I feel like puking. Who gives a S**t, he is a total tosser who gets all he deserves. She was a one night TV stand who carried this forward into her private life, (if having a private life is possible when you want to be a celebrity known for being on TV). There should not be super injunctions as we do not need to know every little sad and depressing detail of these so called uber-stars.
Long live freedom of the press.
ACE
May 23, 2011 at 6:59 am | Permalink | Reply
yes giggsy has done wrong and he should suffer the consequences…but imogen has planned this whole affair out to raise her profile…she knew what she was doing, shes money hungry and wants to stay in the public eye…whys she gonna go and run off to tell the media what shes done! im pretty sure she knew he was married and had kids aswell…!
mike
May 23, 2011 at 7:06 am | Permalink | Reply
The best way to stop blackmail is to tell the truth quite openly. That way you completely defuse the situation and nobody has anything to blackmail you with. And you don’t have to pay hundreds of thousands of pounds to those highly paid denizens of the British legal system who make their pampered living out of these archaic and unworkable laws.
gaz123456@yahoo.co.uk
May 23, 2011 at 7:07 am | Permalink | Reply
the trouble a good set of jugs can cause
S
May 23, 2011 at 7:13 am | Permalink | Reply
Any talking about marriage vows, see the end of the ceremony –
“Those whom God has joined together, let no man separate.”
therefore, they are both technically breaking the marriage vows and as guilty as each other if you are going to follow that vein of logic for the blame-game.
bob
May 23, 2011 at 7:21 am | Permalink | Reply
its made round to go round let him with no sin shot the first stone if you had enough cash or in the right place right time you would have to be god not to go for it we are just all human and she wanted it he give it then the cash comes into it she want’s it hes not giving it so he wasted it on the law let em get on with it who cares the f–k the papers have made enough now its boring now haha
joe69
May 23, 2011 at 7:38 am | Permalink | Reply
jesus people how the hell can u say no to a piece of that ass. id take my time to kick her out of my bed. good luck to him
GOD
May 23, 2011 at 7:41 am | Permalink | Reply
Imogen Thomas is a whore. Period. I mean no man would resist a woman with open legs even a married one… and only a slut will go that far to destroy a family… What a waste of human you are Imogen Thomas. As for Giggs not a good deed by you lad, I don’t support you in what you did and do blame you… Its two sided thing, you should have known better what you should have done when a slut calls you onto her bed. You should have paid that slut off with money if that’s                               what she was asking for to keep her hole closed and you should have been true to your wife so she wouldn’t be as humiliated as she is now. Well I hope you get out of this one somehow and keep it true with your family from now on. Bros before hoes mate
P.S You so have to go for a STD checkup mate… you never know what you must have gotten from “Imogen Thomas” =x I bet she has slept with more men than a porn star could in her entire career =|
Condolences to Mrs Giggs and family. Be strong that’s what you need to get over this one.
May 23, 2011 at 7:42 am | Permalink | Reply
well done gigsy hope you banged her senceless. i
Sigmar
May 23, 2011 at 7:47 am | Permalink | Reply
I don’t think it’s anyone’s business really and I think the reason that the media have all rallied against super-injunctions is because they cannot print their sensationalized stories alleging things that may or may not be true. It’s more to do with money for the papers than freedom of speech.
People’s privacy is protected by European Human Rights law and we all have the same rights. It is the cost of upholding those rights (in money terms) that’s the real issue, not the law itself.
That’s my understanding of it although I’m certainly no expert.
Dave Tweety
May 23, 2011 at 7:55 am | Permalink | Reply
twitter users can’t be sued btw, as it isn’t an official media. A newspaper, website of a newspaper (not an individual account of any journalist), TV, radio… them are the ‘superinjustice’ bans for, in England only. So, Twitter, Facebook and other social network sites, are not a legally press centre so bye bye giggsy!
Timboy
May 23, 2011 at 7:56 am | Permalink | Reply
Whats all the fuss about Giggs. I would think most footballers are at it. Life has changed dramatically over the years. I would imagine most ordinary people are at it. It seems to be a way of life now, I actually thought it was Rooney. Great for the Herald to name Giggs, why shouldnt they.
Raypist
May 23, 2011 at 7:56 am | Permalink | Reply
Get in Giggsy. Shag ‘em all son!!
bholesurfer
May 23, 2011 at 8:00 am | Permalink | Reply
All of these football players are no more than scum! All that money and so little self control. How long til we discover the next one snorting cocaine or whatever off a prostitutes arse? Oh dear! I just smashed me ferrari into a lamp post! Time to buy a new one with this weeks wages. These guys could make a real difference if they weren’t so selfish. How about donating some of that dosh to charity you over paid cretins. Football players? SCUM OF THE EARTH!
Tom
May 23, 2011 at 8:03 am | Permalink | Reply
Sure, he was wrong, immoral, and should know better, but why do we need to know what he has done? What relevance does it have to our lives? It may be juicy gossip, but that is no reason to publish it. Perhaps your life should be put in the newspapers, like “masturbates to countdown” or “has a fetish for strap-ons” or whatever embarrassing deeds exist in your head. When enough people know who you are, you better get ready for that. Either keep a low profile or your                               skeletons lose their closet!
The-almighty
May 23, 2011 at 8:11 am | Permalink | Reply
He’s a leg-end and should be able 2 do what he wants and she needs shootin 4 tryin 2 split up a mans marriage
khansta
May 23, 2011 at 8:13 am | Permalink | Reply
giggs u dirty boy.. if u wanted a prostitute u shudv just went to amsterdam bro.. neways we still love u..
WTF
May 23, 2011 at 8:14 am | Permalink | Reply
I don’t get you people. What happens off the pitch is none of our business. If he cheated on the pitch, let him have it. How does it matter what he did off? Seriously? Are we this starved of entertainment? If your dad cheated on your mom, would you like the whole world to know?
And honestly, the media is such shit! That affairs make it to front page. Do your job honestly for a change and report matters that need reporting. How embarrassing it is to have a domestic issue on your front page? It’s degrading for top rate newspaper to carry this.
After skimming through all these lovely comments you people have posted, it’s sad to know there is no hope for humanity.
JB
May 23, 2011 at 8:14 am | Permalink | Reply
The most ridiculous thing is that everyon is on his back about the cheating and not the injuction. He may not have actually done anything (as per above statement by the Herald) Getting the injunction makes it look far more suspicious but isn’t proof. All you arguing about whose fault is the affair (if any), have missed the point completely, that these injunctions are crazy
wendy
May 23, 2011 at 8:17 am | Permalink | Reply
i think they both should be ashamed of themselfs, both of them are in the public eye they should be setting examples to the younger people. i dont think they should try and and make money out of this name and shame is what i say.
eck
May 23, 2011 at 8:31 am | Permalink | Reply
giggs is no better than a lot of man u so called super stars. everyone thought he was the perfect pro. his brain is in his shorts like a lot of them in the premiership. note majority of them are british…..and as for man u supporters trying to defend him…..! get a life and get real, the guys a scumbag.
isispaul
May 23, 2011 at 8:39 am | Permalink | Reply
I wonder what he promised her if she had an affair with him, that he would ‘leave his wife and children for her’, I think not. Yes she was a fool but money talks. He wouldn’t leave ‘cos it would cost him a fortune and he knows it. Bigger fool.
Andy Luxton
May 23, 2011 at 8:40 am | Permalink | Reply
I don’t believe its Giggs at all and even if it is Giggs “public interest” its the mans life! His kids will see this, is that fair? I’m not saying what he may or may not have done is right but come on who hasn’t cheated? None of you know what its like to have that much money, women doing anything to get you and sell it too the papers! Leave the legend alone! If we were in their shoes we’d do the same.
eck
May 23, 2011 at 8:48 am | Permalink | Reply
just like i said in my comment no 216 you must be a man u supporter talking utter rubbish.guys a waste of time. put him the gutter with rest of cheaters.
JP
May 23, 2011 at 8:46 am | Permalink | Reply
He is a footballer and she is a so called ‘star’ of reality hell! Who’s surprised? Not his wife anyway!
Luke
May 23, 2011 at 8:50 am | Permalink | Reply
There are two different issues at play here. The image of the player and the law.
What someone does or does not do in private should not be anyone’s business except that in this case it is a footballer who is in the public eye, makes his living off the public watching him on the field and his many endoresements. That makes him a public figure who doesn’t have the same protections as an ordinary citizen. That’s the law. In Britain a news outlet can be subject to libel if they report something that is inaccurate. Many people at Man U have spoken                               of Giggs as a role model, including Bobby Charlton who said of Giggs recently ” Ryan is a gentleman both on and off the field and that’s why he represents what Manchester United is all about”.
As far as the injunction is concerned, the law applies only to British companies and Twitter is a US company and therefore is not liable to hand over any names requested by Giggs. However, twitter is in the process of having or may already have a London office and that complicates matters. How Twitter responds in this case is being followed by lots of other internet companies and this case has more far-reaching consequences than just the Ryan Giggs affair.
Tracey
May 23, 2011 at 8:50 am | Permalink | Reply
So glad that the coward Giggs is being named and shamed on the internet.
What a wally. I’ve lost all respect for him. Not for the affair – but for him desperately trying to cover it up with this injunction.
Did you see the photos of his wife Stacey laughing all over the press yesterday? Silly fool. She must know all about the affair by now – after all WE do – and is putting on a show for the cameras.
Either way she’s a winner – with 2 kids by him she’s set for life financially regardless of what happens to her marriage. No sympathy for her. Her cash will keep her warm at night even if Ryan doesn’t any more…
Just me ....
May 23, 2011 at 8:54 am | Permalink | Reply
Have an affair with me Giggsy, i won’t blackmail you or sell my story to the media … i’d just be GRATEFUL!! lol. You are f*king one HOT man. Who wouldn’t given the chance???
Paulo
May 23, 2011 at 4:15 pm | Permalink | Reply
Just me….specsavers, or are you another dazzled by pound signs?
Guy
May 23, 2011 at 9:04 am | Permalink | Reply
Hey, Gaffer, are you about to set a record for comments?…..and the story is not even about football. Amazing…..or not.
My 2p……super injunctions are nuts.
clive
May 23, 2011 at 9:12 am | Permalink | Reply
its like wayne rooney too much money its ruining football and innocent lives ive been married 50 years and still going strong i havent much money but im happy with my lot. too much money thet dont know what to spend it on. they are both in the wrong but its the money thats the problem
Cherry choochoo
May 23, 2011 at 9:28 am | Permalink | Reply
How could he go home and touch his children with the hands he had all over Imogen? It makes me feel sick. Some people can’t even have children, he doesn’t even deserve them. How could you sacrifice the respect of your own children for having sex with Imogen Thomas? Its a shame people out there are congratulating him for it because how would you feel if that was your Dad? Would you say well done for having sex with someone else behind your Mothers back? Or do you                               get off on imagining your girlfriends/wife with other men, because it certainly would seem that way.
Scarlett
May 23, 2011 at 9:51 am | Permalink | Reply
At the end of the day, he is purely to blame. He is the one who walked down the aisle and made those promises to his wife, not Imogen.
He only had to say No! I have no time for weak men blaming others for their own wrong doing. Imogen had no loyalty to his wife or his children, only Giggs had that.
Logic
May 23, 2011 at 10:00 am | Permalink | Reply
this got nothing to do with privacy laws or free speech. If you decide to play with fire(privately or in public), you think i wont find it funny when i find out you BURNT yourself. Understand, i have no care for either celeb or common folk but this is real life dominoes falling.no better reality show. And all this wife is distraught talk…Listen, any footballer wife who tells me ” i was shocked to find out my rich, athletic, pinup semi model, fast life living                               husband was a cheat” is playing the ‘naive card’ willingly or ignorantly.
jack
May 23, 2011 at 10:08 am | Permalink | Reply
Giggsy, Giggsy, Giggsy, you’re supposed to screw your teammates girlfriend as that is the only way you’re going to be forgiven. Take a lesson from the English. You Welsh have a lot to learn.
Lofty Me.
May 23, 2011 at 10:11 am | Permalink | Reply
Ok, lets put this into the right perspective,
So, one (maybe 10K more) well known footballer has had an affair outside his marriage, so all I can say is what made him?????.
And hands up all of the thousands of men and women who condem him for it, when they themselves have had an affair.
Ryan, your a P**t for blowing this all out of proportion by the gagging order.
Janet
May 23, 2011 at 10:12 am | Permalink | Reply
He is not the first to cheat and he won’t be the last
Danny
May 23, 2011 at 10:18 am | Permalink | Reply
Shye knew what she was doing and its time for her to collect her paycheck for her time, just like a prossie! Giggs has disappointed his fans but proves guys who kick footballs for a living are not really lifestyle models! anyone who thinks shes a victim, find out how much this has made for her!
Keefy Gee
May 23, 2011 at 11:42 am | Permalink | Reply
I doubt Imogen went into the affair thinking “how much will I get out of this”. She was probably flattered that a star like Giggs paid her attention. It was when he fobbed her off after a few months with a signed football shirt, that she ( like any woman ) was angry and feeling used. She has said that she did NOT threaten to expose him. He then gets an injunction to keep his sordid little secret away from the public, just in case the press got hold of the                                   affair.
ken jones
May 23, 2011 at 10:23 am | Permalink | Reply
ryan giggs you silly bugger if you will play with fire you will get your fingers burned
SO
May 23, 2011 at 10:44 am | Permalink | Reply
Fair play to the Sunday Tribune!!
Overpaid egotistic creep who thought he could get away with it
Footballers United
May 23, 2011 at 10:55 am | Permalink | Reply
Some very interesting threads. Take it from me, professional footballers make fame and fortune from being public personalities. The higher up the professional ladder you get, the more fame and fortune you have. Ex Big Brother contestants I am sure follow the same path.
If a rich and famous public personality has an affair it goes with the territory that it will generate great public interest when it all comes out. Being rich and famous is no reason to use the law’s of this country to hide what you have done.
There are plenty of honest and descent rich and famous public personalities that don’t expect any grace and favour for their actions. Indeed most uphold a higher moral code because of their public prominence.
These two deserve everything they get, so the sooner its all out in the open the sooner we can forget it and move onto tomorrows unfortunate headline maker.
Keefy Gee
May 23, 2011 at 11:31 am | Permalink | Reply
I wish my ex-wife would have been happy with a signed football shirt and £50,000. Joking aside please show some compassion for Mrs Giggs and the kids, they will feel humiliated by all the intrusion which her husband has forced upon the family. Will these rich idiots ever be happy with their wives and children, Imogen is a victim in this too, Giggs tried to fob her off and gag her ( wonders whether he also used handcuffs…. ) with the court order, cowardice. Karma is                               a wonderful thing.
John
May 23, 2011 at 11:34 am | Permalink | Reply
I am as interested in Giggsy private life as he is in mine, but at £50 a ticket, how many Manchester United fans (chuckle chuckle) would it take to pay for a Super Injunction?
Edser
May 23, 2011 at 11:36 am | Permalink | Reply
The Peoples Republic of England (oopps I mean China). How long before the censorship becomes a capital crime, and the death squads roam the streets oppressing the previously “free” population? No wait, isn’t that already happening?
mark
May 23, 2011 at 11:41 am | Permalink | Reply
nothing to do with anybody except him and his wife. If she wants to leave him fair enough if she wants to stay fair enough. You dont stop truly loving somebody just because they cheated. Most footballers wives are a different breed anyway, i’m sure she’ll be fine in her range rover driving back to her mansion. As for the bit on the side if he was a married 37 year old playin for some sunday pub team, would she have gone there! no paper publicity for mr nobodies…he                               messed up hes got a lot of making up to do and only they know if they’ll get through it.
humans have sex! oh big shock horror!!!
Shashlik
May 23, 2011 at 11:57 am | Permalink | Reply
Who gives a Sh*t anyway?
Druidor
May 23, 2011 at 11:58 am | Permalink | Reply
He accused her of trying to blackmail him then used a super injunction which then prevents her from suing him for slander as it would breach the super injunction on naming him.
Giggs is a serial philanderer and no amount of court orders is going to suppress the truth
mark
May 23, 2011 at 12:03 pm | Permalink | Reply
do what? he’s going to lose everything in the end? what a laugh mate.
him and his wife will move on and be holidaying with their millions on their private beach in the summer reading in the paper how this bird has slept with another ‘married footballer’ i think he was her third? he’ll be gutted as he sips his champagne and thinks of folk like u salivating over the news of the world reading that men like women and women like men and sometimes sex happens. And as for the fool who thinks he portrays a family man image and should lose                               his sponsors, he’s promoting football not chess club. bet all those supporters are burning their number 11 shirts!….NOT! by the way you can watch MAN U v Barcelona on sat and flick daisy chains at the screen i’m sure he’ll be gutted he’s lost your support lol
Graham
May 23, 2011 at 12:46 pm | Permalink | Reply
If I had nailed Imogen I’d want the world to know….
Anom
May 23, 2011 at 1:04 pm | Permalink | Reply
I wouldn’t normally post on something like this but reading some of these comments makes me mad. The reason he more than likely took out an injunction was to protect his family and children from the harassment of the UK press, who never think twice to persist with a story, destroy a family, camp outside houses, and put his poor kids through hell. Nobody is thinking about them, maybe he can see their already hurting and doesn’t want to put them through anymore. What                               does it matter if he had an affair, 2/3 of the population have more than likely had an affair or would under the right circumstances. The only person he should be held accountable to is his wife who he has already told. It to protect his young innocent children from a public family break up, which is bad at the best of times.. But we Joe public like a watch and read about such things, then finish it off with a public hanging to make us all feel better about our sad                               lives. I keep reading people moaning about he has money, why should he be able to do this. You would never need a super injunction because you’re not famous or rich and nobody would ever sell or buy a story about your lives, so you don’t need any protection. Have you ever been harassed by the press? The man in question has throughout his career at the top of the game, he has kept himself and his family out of the public eye (unlike many others) so why is this story                               in the public interest?? She set a honey trap and he fell for it, more fool him, why else would she want to sell the story, because she loved him – HAHAHA don’t make me laugh, 6 months and I bet she hardly ever seen him.. Gold digging, family wrecker, no other word for it. And yes it’s his fault as well. Can’t you all see this is just to sell papers and you all buy into it? What about the wars, genocide, poverty, and everything else that is destroying our planet.                               If everyone kicked off like this about the important things in the world we might actually do some good in this world….Rant over.
Rob Left Foot
May 23, 2011 at 1:55 pm | Permalink | Reply
He can cheat all he wants if he keeps the form of his life going. guy is an absolute legend no matter what! won more titles than any footballer in history, arise Sir Ryan!
Connor
May 23, 2011 at 1:59 pm | Permalink | Reply
It makes me sad that we think we have the right to know this just because he gets paid a load of money… Human nature makes us want to know this kind of thing… I went to alot of effort to look it up but I believe that injunctions are important as they protect lives from being ruined in the name of gossip… Public interest my arse!!
Garth
May 23, 2011 at 9:28 pm | Permalink | Reply
So much about injunctions. A British MP (member of parliament) outed Ryan Giggs. I wonder if he broke any laws?
It looks like Ms Thomas is a former girlfriend of Jermaine Defoe. Maybe Giggs was just trying to show her who the real scorer is
.
magic quill
May 31, 2011 at 8:49 am | Permalink | Reply
It’s the world we live in as much as anything. Morality has gone to pot. and I include myself in that statement. Are Giggs and Imogen any different from the 1,000 of other people doing it. there are adultery websites for goodnessake. the courts protect affairs and yet you can divorced for adultery?! it’s all hypocracy.
Kelly
June 5, 2011 at 5:42 pm | Permalink | Reply
This is all a bit pathetic….Firstly what the hell is the Herald doing putting this story on the front page?? Low on real news were they….bad week?? Secondly, this injuction nonsense makes me laugh!! It’s just another money making scam to rip-off wealthy liars who are cowards…..the fact Imogen couldn’t afford one is a total slap back to reality for her! Giggs thought he could hide..bet he was full of it! Shame no one told him the truth will always out…oops looks                               like Imogen’s having the last laugh after all. Thirdly, his poor poor kids…don’t feel that sorry for the wife….did no one tell her that most footballers are all overpaid, cheating liars??? Moral of the story is…play with fire and get burned.
Leave a Reply
