the impact of joining on different economic sectors
The impact on our financial services industry;
including:
why financial services companies are located in cities like London and Edinburgh
Whether it is good for employment;
including:
the euro's impact on external trade
lessons from American monetary union
the stability and growth pact
price differentials in the euro zone
The Treasury and the Bank of England had about 30 officials undertaking an assessment of the five tests. They published their conclusions in June 2003. On 9th June 2003, the Chancellor announced that only one of the five tests (no 4) had been met, and that there would be no early entry into the EMU. He said that the situation would be reviewed in the following year's Budget. Even this is probably well before any potential problems due to the single currency could surface. A really adequate assessment would need to cover the working of the euro over the whole economic cycle, and consider the effect on the system of other new members joining it.
2.4 . Is it just a matter of synchronising our economic cycle with that of the euro zone?
No.  The UK's relative prosperity, with higher growth and lower unemployment, has been the result of government policies, including interest rates and taxation regimes, and not just an accident of the economic cycle. Ken Clarke, Gordon Brown, and Eddie George can reasonably claim some of the credit for this. Also, the willingness of New labour to continue in much the same direction as the previous Conservative government gave an important element of stability.
2.5 . Will the UK need to devalue in order to join the euro?
Very probably. Indeed, although sterling's level is not one of the five tests as such, it seems that the level will have to play an important part in the decision. There are suggestions that there would need to be a fall of about 30% against the euro. Though there would also be a fall against the dollar (in which most commodities are priced). There would then be a risk of inflation, and we would not be able to use interest rates as a corrective, unless by chance the EU bank thought that what was necessary to correct our particular situation was also suitable for the rest of the euro zone. The best situation would be for the euro to strengthen while the pound retains its value against foreign currencies. If the fall in sterling took place prior to joining, the necessary measures to deal with the resulting inflation would move Britain further away from the euro zone average.
2.6 . Will the UK lose its ability to set its own taxes?
Good economic management requires coordination between monetary and fiscal management.  There is currently no common fiscal management across the euro countries.  It seems very likely, if not inevitable, therefore that pressure will arise for a common tax system, and some european politicians have already called for this. Wim Duisenberg, ECB, says he believes it will happen. Under such an arrangement, it is likely that national governments would retain some limited powers on taxes, as do states in the US, but for a common tax system to be effective the main taxation powers would have to be exercised centrally.  Even before there is a common system in place, the German Finance Minister has made it clear that the UK would have to agree to coordinate its tax policies with its EU partners, and that there would be (unspecified) adverse effects if it did not (Daily Telegraph interview, 17-1-2002). Britain would have a veto over tax harmonisation, but once inside the euro zone it is not clear why a British government would exercise such a veto - given the need for monetary and fiscal co-ordination.
In Sept 2004, EU finance ministers agreed to examine ways of harmonising the method for working out company taxes.
2.7 . When will a UK referendum on the euro be held?
Speculations vary a great deal, especially in the light of Sweden's 'No' vote in the Sept 2003 referendum. It is suggested that the earliest date would be 2006. This date, if there is a successful outcome, would imply a UK entry of 2009. The decision of 9th June 2003 that the tests for entry had not been met also makes a referendum before the next General Election unlikely.  A draft referendum Bill is, however, being prepared. There has been speculation that the government might try to obscure the issues by holding the referendum on the same day as a general election. In Sept '02, 37 Labour MPs and 62 local councillors wrote to The Times arguing that the euro should not be a priority in the current Parliament.
2.8 . Will the referendum question be worded fairly?
This remains to be seen.  However, the Electoral Commission has said that it will make an independent assessment of the referendum question when it is published, and will speak out if it judges the wording to be unacceptable.
2.9 . Will the result of the referendum be definitive?
That depends on what "definitive" means here.  It is unlikely that an overall "NO" result in the referendum would give rise to an early entry.  However, nothing is for ever in politics, and it is likely that the pro-euro lobby would push for a further referendum after a period (perhaps in the subsequent parliament). It is also possible that, after losing a referendum very narrowly, and after arguing that circumstances had changed, the government might later seek entry without a further referendum, especially if it had fought and won a general election.  Much depends on the political situation at the time, and the perceived success of the euro zone. It is not yet clear whether the government will allow any referendum figures to be broken down by country: there is, of course, the possibility that in the context of an overall "NO", Wales and Scotland might vote "YES", a result that could create a somewhat difficult political situation.
2.10 . What is the current split in public opinion for and against joining the euro?
Since the euro is not currently a central issue in British politics, the above graph is not currently being updated (14-10-04).
In an ITV poll (10-3-02) nearly 60% of MPs supported the euro in principle, but only 46% would have voted for it in a vote taken at the time.
2.11 . What are the policies of the political parties towards the euro?
