 
The European Union
Why do some people believe countries benefit from being a member of the European Union (EU)?
A single market - this means no quotas or tariffs
a quota is a limit on the number of goods that are imported into a country
a tarriff is an extra tax put on imports that makes goods from other countries more expensive
Harmonisation of laws e.g. safety labelling
Freedom of movement within the EU - citizens are free to travel between EU countries
Freedom of employment - citizens are entitled to work in any other EU country
The EU is a powerful economic alliance and has a greater global influence than countries than countries acting independently
The Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) looks after farmers by, for example, giving them guaranteed prices for their produce. It has also helped EU consumers by ensuring a good supply of food at a reasonable price.
A single currency - most EU countries (not the UK) have joined up to a single currency (the Euro - € ) which makes trading between countries easier
The EU provides aid to poorer areas with higher unemployment. These areas get help with their environment, employment and infrastructure
Why do some people believe the EU brings disadvantages to its member's countries?
Loss of autonomy - countries no longer have total control over their laws and economic policy
The CAP is expensive and only benefits countries with a lot of people in farming. The CAP has also meant large food surpluses that has to be stored or given away
Inefficiency and corruption. There have been examples of money being wasted in the complicated beaurocracy that makes up the EU
How does the EU meet the economic needs of Scotland?
Regional aid e.g. the Highlands and Islands of Scotland have benefited from EU money a lot in recent years. Areas with above average unemployment also receive aid e.g. former coal mining areas
Employment opportunities. Scottish people can work in any EU country
Education opportunities. Scottish people can to be educated in any EU country
How does aid to the regions affect the countries of the EU?
Areas in the Eu with lower than average income are eligable for EU aid, which is known as "Structural Funds"
Along with local and regional governments, the EU co-funds development projects, such as community learning centres
Regional aid aims to increase employment and raise the standard of living
How does the Euro affect the European Union?
As of 1st january, 2008 the following countries use the Euro - that is they are in the "Eurozone"
Finland
