Chair, ERA Task Force
National Council of Women's Organizations
The proposed Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) to the United States  Constitution is a political and cultural inkblot, onto which many people project  their greatest hopes or deepest fears about the changing status of women.
Since it was first introduced in Congress in 1923, the ERA has been the  object of both enthusiastic support and fervid opposition. Interpretations of  its intent and potential impact have been varied and sometimes contradictory.
The following answers to frequently asked questions about the ERA are  provided to encourage evaluation of the amendment on the basis of facts rather  than misrepresentations. ( printer-friendly  version )
What is the complete text of the Equal Rights Amendment?
Section 1. Equality of rights           under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or           by any state on account of sex.
Section 2. The Congress shall           have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions           of this article.
Section 3. This amendment shall           take effect two years after the date of ratification.
Why is an Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S. Constitution necessary?
The Equal Rights Amendment would provide a fundamental legal remedy   against sex discrimination for both women and men. It would guarantee that   the rights affirmed by the U.S. Constitution are held equally by all   citizens without regard to sex.
The ERA would clarify the legal status of sex discrimination for the   courts, where decisions still deal inconsistently with such claims. For the   first time, sex would be considered a suspect classification, as race   currently is. Governmental actions that treat males or females differently   as a class would be subject to strict judicial scrutiny and would have to   meet the highest level of justification – a necessary relation to a   compelling state interest – in order to be upheld as constitutional.
To actual or potential offenders who would try to write, enforce, or   adjudicate laws inequitably, the ERA would send a strong preemptive message   – the Constitution has zero tolerance for sex discrimination under the law.
Why has the ERA recently been referred to as the Women’s Equality   Amendment?
The ERA is sometimes called the Women’s Equality Amendment to emphasize   that women have historically been guaranteed fewer rights than men, and that   equality can be achieved by raising women’s legal rights to the same level   of constitutional protection as men’s.
As its sex-neutral language makes clear, however, the ERA’s guarantee of   equal rights would protect both women as a class and men as a class against   sex discrimination under the law.
What is the political history of the ERA?
The Equal Rights Amendment was written in 1923 by Alice Paul, a leader of   the woman suffrage movement and a lawyer. It was introduced in Congress in   the same year and subsequently reintroduced in every Congressional session   for half a century.
On March 22, 1972, the ERA finally passed the Senate and the House of   Representatives by the required two-thirds majority and was sent to the   states for ratification. An original seven-year deadline was later extended   by Congress to June 30, 1982. When this deadline expired, only 35 of the   necessary 38 states (the constitutionally required three-fourths) had   ratified the ERA. It is therefore not yet included in the U.S. Constitution.
The Equal Rights Amendment has been reintroduced in every session of   Congress since 1982. In the 112th Congress (2011-2012), ERA ratification   bills were introduced as S.J.Res. 21 (lead sponsor, Senator Robert   Menendez, D-NJ) and H.J.Res. 69 (lead sponsors, Representative   Carolyn Maloney, D-NY, and Representative Judy Biggert, R-IL).
In March 2011, Representative Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) introduced H.J.Res.   47, which would remove the ERA’s ratification deadline and make it part   of the Constitution when three more states ratify.
Which 15 states have not ratified the ERA?
The 15 states whose legislatures have not ratified the Equal Rights   Amendment are Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illinois,   Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South   Carolina, Utah, and Virginia.
Why are these 15 states still being asked to ratify the ERA under a   “three-state strategy,” even though the 1982 deadline has passed?
Since 1995, ERA supporters have advocated for passage of ERA ratification   bills in a number of the “unratified” states. Such bills have been   introduced in one or more legislative sessions in eight of these states   (Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Oklahoma, and   Virginia).
While no state has passed an ERA bill in both houses of its legislature,   ERA bills have advanced legislatively in some of those states. The Illinois   House (but not the Senate) passed an ERA ratification bill in 2003. In   February 2011, the Virginia Senate passed a resolution ratifying the Equal   Rights Amendment, but the House of Delegates twice tabled its companion bill   in committee.
The three-state strategy was developed following ratification of the   Constitution’s 27th Amendment in 1992, more than 203 years after its passage   by Congress in 1789. Acceptance of that ratification period as sufficiently   contemporaneous has led some ERA supporters to argue that Congress has the   power to maintain the legal viability of the ERA’s existing 35 state   ratifications. The time limit on ERA ratification is open to change, as   Congress demonstrated in extending the original deadline, and precedent with   the 14th and 15th Amendments shows that rescissions (legislative votes   retracting ratifications) are not valid. Therefore, Congress may be able to   accept state ratifications that occur after 1982 and keep the existing 35   ratifications alive.
The legal analysis for this strategy is explained in “ The   Equal Rights Amendment: Why the ERA Remains Legally Viable and Properly   Before the States ” by Allison Held et al. in William & Mary   Journal of Women and the Law, Spring 1997. The Library of Congress’s   Congressional Research Service analyzed this article and concluded that   acceptance of the Madison Amendment does have implications for the   three-state strategy, and that the issue is more of a political question   than a constitutional one.
From 1994 to 2008, Representative Robert Andrews (NJ) was the lead   sponsor of a resolution stating that when an additional three states ratify   the ERA, the House of Representatives shall take any necessary action to   verify that ratification has been achieved. In 2011, he joined lead sponsor   Representative Tammy Baldwin (WI) in support of H.J.Res. 47, which   would specifically remove the ERA’s ratification deadline and make it part   of the Constitution when three more states ratify.
In general, ERA supporters believe that both strategies should be pursued   in the effort to put the ERA into the Constitution.
Do some states have state ERAs or other guarantees of equal rights on   the basis of sex?
Only a federal Equal Rights Amendment can provide U.S. citizens with the   highest and broadest level of legal protection against sex discrimination.   However, 22 states – Alaska, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida,   Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Montana, New   Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Texas, Utah,   Virginia, Washington, and Wyoming – provide in their constitutions either   inclusive or partial guarantees of equal rights on the basis of sex.
(As a point of historical comparison: by the time the 19th Amendment   guaranteeing women’s right to vote was added to the Constitution in 1920,   one-quarter of the states had enacted state-level guarantees of that right.)
States guarantee equal rights on the basis of sex in various ways. Some   (e.g., Utah, Wyoming) entered the Union in the 1890s with constitutions that   affirm equal rights for male and female citizens. Some (e.g., Colorado,   Hawaii) amended their constitutions in the 1970s with language virtually   identical to the federal ERA. Some (e.g., New Jersey, Florida) have language   in their state constitutions that implicitly or explicitly includes both   males and females in their affirmation of rights. Some states place certain   restrictions on their equal rights guarantees: e.g., California specifies   equal employment and education rights, Louisiana prohibits “arbitrary and   unreasonable” sex discrimination, and Rhode Island excludes application to   abortion rights.
Ironically, five states with equal rights amendments or guarantees (Florida,   Illinois, Louisiana, Utah, and Virginia) have not ratified the federal ERA.
State-level equal rights jurisprudence over many decades has produced a   solid body of evidence about the prospective impact of a federal ERA and has   refuted many of the extreme claims of ERA opponents. Further information on   state ERAs is available in “ State Equal Rights Amendments Revisited:   Evaluating Their Effectiveness in Advancing Protection Against Sex   Discrimination ” by Linda J. Wharton, Esq., in Rutgers Law Journal (Volume 36, Issue 4, 2006).
Since the 14th Amendment guarantees all citizens equal protection of   the laws, why do we still need the ERA?
The 14th Amendment was ratified in 1868, after the Civil War, to deal   with race discrimination. In referring to the electorate, it added the word "male" to the Constitution for the first time. Even with the 14th Amendment   in the Constitution, women had to fight a long and hard political battle to   have their right to vote guaranteed through the 19th Amendment in 1920.
It was not until 1971, in Reed v. Reed, that the Supreme   Court applied the 14th Amendment for the first time to prohibit sex   discrimination, in that case because the circumstances did not meet a   rational-basis test. However, in that and subsequent decisions (Craig v. Boren, 1976; United States v. Commonwealth of Virginia,   1996), the Court declined to elevate sex discrimination claims to the strict   scrutiny standard of review that the 14th Amendment requires for certain   suspect classifications, such as race, religion, and national origin.
The Court now applies heightened (so-called “skeptical”) scrutiny in   cases of sex discrimination and requires extremely persuasive evidence to   uphold a government action that differentiates on the basis of sex. However,   such claims can still be evaluated under an intermediate standard of review,   which requires only that such classifications must substantially advance an   important governmental objective (rather than bear a necessary relation to a   compelling state interest, as strict scrutiny requires).
The ERA would require courts to go beyond the current application of the   14th Amendment by adding sex to the list of suspect classifications   protected by the highest level of strict judicial review.
In September 2010, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia stated his belief   that the Constitution does not protect against sex discrimination. This   remark has provoked widespread public reaction, citing his position as clear   evidence of the need for an Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution.
Aren’t there adequate legal protections against sex discrimination in   the Equal Pay Act, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, Titles VII and IX of   the 1964 Civil Rights Act, court decisions based on the 14th Amendment, and   more?
Without the ERA in the Constitution, the statutes and case law that have   produced major advances in women’s rights since the middle of the last   century are vulnerable to being ignored, weakened, or reversed. By a simple   majority, Congress can amend or repeal anti-discrimination laws, the   Administration can negligently enforce such laws, and the Supreme Court can   use the intermediate standard of review to permit certain regressive forms   of sex discrimination.
Ratification of the ERA would also improve the United States’ global   credibility in the area of sex discrimination. Many other countries have in   their governing documents, however imperfectly implemented, an affirmation   of legal equality of the sexes. Ironically, some of those constitutions – in   Japan and Afghanistan, for example – were written under the direction of the   United States government.
The ERA is necessary to make our own Constitution conform with the   promise engraved over the entrance of the Supreme Court: “Equal Justice   Under Law.”
How has the ERA been related to reproductive rights?
The repeated claim of opponents that the ERA would require government to   allow “abortion on demand” is a clear misrepresentation of existing laws and   court decisions at both federal and state levels.
In federal courts, including the Supreme Court, a number of restrictive   laws dealing with contraception and abortion have been invalidated since the   mid–20th century based on application of the constitutional principles of   the right of privacy and the due process clause of the 14th Amendment. The   principles of equal protection or equal rights have so far not been applied   to such cases at the federal level.
The presence or absence of a state ERA or equal protection guarantee does   not necessarily correlate with a state’s legal climate for reproductive   rights. For example, despite Pennsylvania’s state ERA, the state Supreme   Court decided that restrictions on Medicaid funding of abortions were   constitutional. The U.S. Supreme Court in separate litigation (Planned   Parenthood v. Casey, 1992) upheld Pennsylvania’s restrictions on   the abortion procedure under the federal due process clause. Missouri   enforces significant restrictions on abortion despite its state   constitution’s equal protection clause.
State equal rights amendments have been cited in a few state court   decisions (e.g., in Connecticut and New Mexico) regarding a very specific   issue – whether a state that provides funding to low-income   Medicaid-eligible women for childbirth expenses should also be required to   fund medically necessary abortions for women in that government program.   Those courts ruled that the state must fund both pregnancy-related   procedures if it funds either, in order to prevent the government from using   fiscal pressure to exert a chilling influence on a woman’s exercise of her   constitutional right to make medical decisions about her pregnancy. The New   Jersey Supreme Court issued a similar decision based on the right of privacy   and equal protection, with no reference to its state constitution’s equal   rights guarantee.
State court decisions on reproductive rights are not conclusive evidence   of how federal courts would decide such cases. For example, while some state   courts have required Medicaid funding of medically necessary abortions, the   U.S. Supreme Court has upheld the constitutionality of the federal “Hyde   Amendment,” which has for decades prohibited the federal government from   funding most or all Medicaid abortions, even many that are medically   necessary.
 
How has the ERA been related to discrimination based on sexual   orientation and the issue of same-sex marriage?
Opponents claim that the ERA would require government to permit same-sex   marriage, but the U.S. Supreme Court has never defined discrimination on the   basis of sexual orientation as a form of sex-based discrimination. The   Defense of Marriage Act currently prohibits the federal government from   recognizing same-sex marriages and denies federal benefits to spouses in   such marriages. Even without an ERA, a lawsuit was filed in March 2009 to   have that law overturned on equal protection grounds.
At the state level, where most laws dealing with marriage are passed and   adjudicated, the legal status of same-sex marriage is not correlated with   whether or not a state has an equal rights amendment. Recent developments   indicate that state laws and court decisions are evolving toward acceptance   of the principle of equal marriage rights without regard to sexual   orientation.
Some states with ERAs have maintained the legal definition of marriage as   a union between a man and a woman. In 2006, the Washington Supreme Court   ruled that a state law limiting marriage to one man and one woman does not   violate the state constitution. Alaska and Hawaii amended their   constitutions to declare marriage a contract between a man and a woman. A   Maryland statute stating that "[o]nly a marriage between a man and a woman   is valid" has survived a legal challenge. Florida voters in 2008 amended the   state constitution to ban same-sex marriage. The Supreme Court of California   legalized same-sex marriage in 2008 under the principles of privacy, due   process, and equal protection, but then upheld a voter-passed Proposition 8   to ban same-sex marriage, saying that the vote amended rather than revised   the state constitution (a technical point at issue) and that same-sex   couples through civil unions had all the same civil benefits as heterosexual   partners except the designation of “marriage.”
Other states with ERAs have legalized same-sex civil unions or marriages.   The Supreme Court of New Jersey ruled under state equal protection   guarantees that same-sex couples must be afforded the same access to the   benefits of marriage as opposite-sex couples, and the Legislature responded   by legalizing civil unions. The Supreme Court of Massachusetts held that   limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples violated the individual liberty   and equality guarantees of the state constitution. Connecticut in 2005 was   the first state to legalize civil unions without a prior court decision, and   in 2008 the state Supreme Court ruled that same-sex couples have the right   to marry. In 2009, New Hampshire passed a same-sex marriage bill, and,   pursuant to a state Supreme Court decision, Iowa became the first state   outside of New England to legalize same-sex marriage.
Vermont is a state without an ERA but with legal same-sex marriage.   Ironically, a 1986 vote to add an ERA to the state constitution failed in   large part because of opponents’ claims that it would legitimize same-sex   unions. Nevertheless, in 1999 the Vermont Supreme Court decided under the   common benefits clause of the state constitution that same-sex couples must   be provided the benefits and protections of marriage in the form of civil   unions, and the Legislature responded by passing a civil union statute in   2000. In 2009, the Legislature passed a same-sex marriage bill over the   governor’s veto.
How has the ERA been related to single-sex institutions?
Even without an ERA in the Constitution, Supreme Court decisions in   recent decades have increasingly limited the constitutionality of public   single-sex institutions.
In 1972, the Court found in Mississippi University for Women v. Hogan that Mississippi’s policy of refusing to admit males to its   all-female School of Nursing was unconstitutional. Justice Sandra Day   O’Connor wrote in the majority decision that a gender-based classification   may be justified as compensatory only if members of the benefited sex have   actually suffered a disadvantage related to it.
In the Court’s 1996 United States v. Commonwealth of Virginia decision, which prohibited the use of public funds for then all-male   Virginia Military Institute unless it admitted women, the majority opinion   written by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg stated that sex-based classifications   may be used to compensate the disadvantaged class “for particular economic   disabilities [they have] suffered,” to promote equal employment opportunity,   and to advance full development of the talent and capacities of all   citizens. Such classifications may not be used, however, to create or   perpetuate the legal, social, and economic inferiority of the traditionally   disadvantaged class, in this case women.
Thus, single-sex institutions whose aim is to perpetuate the historic   dominance of one sex over the other are already unconstitutional, while   single-sex institutions that work to overcome past discrimination are   constitutional now and, if the courts choose, could remain so under an ERA.
 
How has the ERA been related to women in the military?
Women have participated in every war our country has ever fought, and   they now hold top-level positions in all branches of the military, as well   as in government defense and national security institutions. They are   fighting and dying in combat, and the armed services could not operate   effectively without their participation. However, without an ERA, their   equal access to military career ladders and their protection against sex   discrimination are not guaranteed.
The issue of the draft is often raised as an argument against the ERA. In   fact, the lack of an ERA in the Constitution does not protect women against   involuntary military service. Congress already has the power to draft women   as well as men, and the Senate debated the possibility of drafting nurses in   preparation for a possible invasion of Japan in World War II.
Traditionally, and currently, only males are required to register for the   draft. After removing its troops from Vietnam in 1973, the United States   shifted to an all-volunteer military and has not since that time conscripted   registered men into service. In 1981, in Rostker v. Goldberg,   the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of a male-only draft   registration.
In recent years, however, Department of Defense planning memos and   Congressional bills dealing with the draft or national service have included   both men and women in the system. With or without an ERA in the   Constitution, it is virtually certain that a reactivated male-only draft   would be legally challenged as a form of sex discrimination, and would   likely be found unconstitutional.
Congress could respond by developing a system of national service that   would balance equality on the basis of sex with the functional status of   individuals. The system could include both military and civilian placements,   and exemptions could be granted as always to those unqualified to serve for   reasons of physical inability, parental status, or other relevant   characteristics.
Since there is presently no imminent prospect of reinstituting the draft   and no way to know what its requirements would be if it were reactivated, a   discussion about the ERA’s relation to it is primarily theoretical. However,   the immediate practical value of putting the ERA into the Constitution would   be to guarantee equal treatment for the women who voluntarily serve in the   military and to provide them with the “equal justice under law” that they   are risking and sometimes sacrificing their lives to defend.
Would the ERA adversely affect existing benefits and protections that   women now receive (e.g., alimony, child custody, Social Security payments,   etc.)?
Most family law is written, administered, and adjudicated at the state   level, and court decisions in states with ERAs show that the benefits   opponents claim women would lose are not in fact unconstitutional if they   are provided in a sex-neutral manner based on function rather than on   stereotyped sex roles. That same principle would apply to laws and benefits   (e.g., Social Security) at the federal level.
Legislators would have two years after the federal ERA is ratified to amend sex-based classifications in any laws that might be vulnerable to   challenge as unconstitutional. Those laws can be brought into conformity   with the ERA by substituting sex-neutral categories (e.g., "primary   caregiver" instead of "mother") to achieve their objectives.
Courts have for many years been moving in the direction of sex-neutral   standards in family court decisions, and legislatures have been writing laws   with more attention to sex-neutral language and intent. It is unlikely that   the ERA would cause a noticeable acceleration of those trends.
Does the ERA shift power from the states to the federal government?
Opponents have called Section 2 of the ERA ("The Congress shall have the   power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this   article") a "federal power grab." In fact, that clause, with some variation   in wording, appears in eight other amendments, beginning with the 13th   Amendment in 1865.
The ERA would not transfer jurisdiction of any laws from the states to   the federal government. It would simply be one more legal principle among   many others in the U.S. Constitution by which the courts evaluate the   constitutionality of governmental actions.
What level of public support exists for a constitutional guarantee of   equal rights for women and men?
An Opinion Research Corporation poll commissioned in 2001 by the ERA   Campaign Network of Princeton, NJ shows that nearly all U.S. adults – 96% –   believe that male and female citizens should have equal rights. The vast   majority – 88% – also believe that the U.S. Constitution should make it   clear that these rights are supposed to be equal. However, nearly   three-quarters of the respondents – 72% – mistakenly assume that the   Constitution already includes such a guarantee.
By presenting these three questions without specifically mentioning the   Equal Rights Amendment, the survey filtered out the negative effect of   misrepresentations of the ERA by its opponents.
It is clear that the citizens of the United States overwhelmingly support   a constitutional guarantee of equal rights on the basis of sex, and   ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment will achieve that goal.
