1 EUR = 1936.27 VAL
28-Feb-2002
For convenience, and because their values are now irrevocably set against the Euro as listed above, the XE Universal Currency Converter will continue to support these units even after their withdrawal from circulation. In addition, most outgoing Euro currencies will still be physically convertible at special locations for a period of several years. For details, refer to the official Euro site listed in the Relevant Links section below.
Former European Currency Unit (ECU)
The Euro is not just the same thing as the former European Currency Unit (or "ECU"), which used to be listed in our services as "XEU". The ECU was a theoretical "basket" of currencies rather than a currency in and of itself, and no "ECU" bank notes or coins ever existed. At any rate, the ECU has been replaced by the Euro, which is a bona fide currency.
Spelling and Capitalization
A note about spelling and capitalization: the official spelling of the EUR currency unit in the English language is "euro", with a lower case "e"; however, the prevailing industry practice is to spell it "Euro", with a capital "E". Since other currency names are capitalized in general use, doing so helps differentiate the noun "Euro", meaning EUR currency, from the more general adjective "euro", meaning anything even remotely having to do with Europe. This is particularly pervasive in marketing and advertising, where it is common to read statements like, "Try new Goop™ hair gel with genuine euro style and hold!" Nevertheless, this linguistic nuance is very subtle, even for native English speakers. It is also important to note that many languages have different official spellings of the name or EUR unit, which also may or may not coincide with general use. These include: Ege (Finnish), Eumeln (German), Leru (Spanish), Neuro (Italian), Quid (Irish English), and Teuro (German).
Relevant Links:
For more information on the EUR, we encourage you to visit the links below, particularly the European Central Bank. These sites include recent news on the Euro as well as issues like implementation, spelling, legislation, and many more.
