...........................................................................................................................................................
The EM calls for a Roadmap to Fiscal and Political Union - 28/06/2012
As EU leaders arrive for the 28-29 June EU Summit the European Movement calls for clear signs that the EU is putting in place the constitutional, institutional, economic and fiscal foundations for a long term plan that will strengthen the eurozone.
A clear statement of intent, which does not need to be detailed, will provide investors, global partners and EU citizens with the certainty needed to regain confidence in the single currency. It will also confirm that EU leaders are indeed committed to ensuring the long term success of the euro project, which has been so beneficial for Europe’s economy and the EU’s status in the world.
For the full press release please  click here .
EM-Nationwide Event - "A New Model for European Bank Recovery and Resolution Plans?" - 12/07/2012
The European Movement and Nationwide are holding an event on 12 July 2012 on the long awaited proposals for EU-wide plans designed to avert bank failure and economic disruption. This timely discussion will bring together the European Commission, MPs and Peers, MEPs and industry representatives. 
For full details and registration please  click here .
EM-KAS EU Summit Briefing - 25/06/2012
The European Movement and the Konrad Adenauer Stiftung are holding the next EU Summit Briefing on 25th June 2012.
The Briefing will be held just days before the very important 28-29 June EU Summit, that aims to discuss, among other things, the future of the eurozone and a blueprint for closer integration between its members. Economic and financial experts and commentators will discuss with guests from Westminster, the City, academia and the media about the current sovereign debt crisis and policy initiatives to resolve it.
For more information on the event and how to register please  click here .
Chatham House event on "Kick-starting the European economy - can Europe regain its competitive edge?" - 25 and 26/06/2012
Standard registration fee for this event is £250 + VAT but EM members can register at only £195 + VAT. Please email zberry(at)chathamhouse.org  for a registration form or call 0207 957 5756.
Click on the banner below to access the Chatham House website:
        
EM Oxford: "Britain's ambitions in Europe" - 22/06/12
The Minister for Europe, David Lidington MP, will be speaking at a European Movement event in Oxford on Friday 22 June 2012 from 7 to 7.30 pm (Maison Francaise). The Minister will talk about Britain's ambitions in Europe.  Click here for full information
The EU Summit Briefing by the European Movement and the Konrad Adenauer Stiftung - 16/05/2012
The EM-KAS briefing aims to inform members of the financial services industry, policy experts, EU public affairs practitioners and journalists about the current sovereign debt crisis and policy initiatives to return the EU on a path towards growth. Click here for full information on the event.   
Europe's Lost Generation - Young European Movement event - 26/04/2012, UCL, London
The Young European Movement, European Alternatives and UCL European Society are organising an event to explore the causes of the crisis, its social and economic implications, and possible solutions. It will form part of a wider programme of citizens' consultations taking place across Europe (People, Power, and Participation). Together, they will inform policy recommendations that will be made to the European Union.
For more information please click here .
 
European Movement event: Is the EU still credible? 03/05/2012
The European Movement is holding an event on Thursday 3 May 2012 from 7.30 pm at Churchtown Farm, Sydenham. Dorothy Kirk will introduce and chair the event.
Click here for Tamar branch full programme April - Aug 2012
European Movement event on "Europe and the Middle East" - 03/05/2012
The European Movement will be holding a conference on Europe and the Middle East on Thursday 3 May 2012 at Coaver Club, County Hall, Exeter. Leslie McLoughlin, former Director of Studies at the Middle East Centre for Arab Studies (MECAS) in Shemlan (Lebanon), will give the keynote speech.  Click here for full information of the event
European Movement event with the Turkish Ambassador in the UK - 30/03/2012
The European Movement is holding an event with Únal Çeviköz, Turkish Ambassador in the UK, at the Maison Fancaise, Oxford on Friday 30 March 2012 . He will talk about Turkish prospects of joining the European Union, and also about his country's view of the recent developments in the EU and in the Middle East. Click here for more information
The European Movement supports the European Arrest Warrant and calls for measures to improve its operation - 20/03/2012
“The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has secured the extradition of about 12.000 drug smugglers, sex offenders and murderers across the EU, dozens of whom were brought back to the UK to face justice for crimes committed here, like Hussain Osman, one of the 2005 London would-be bombers” says Petros Fassoulas, Chairman of the European Movement. Click here for full Press Release .
 
