From Ireland, joined Aug 2004, 5002 posts, RR: 39
Reply 24, posted
Quoting Davehammer ( Reply 22 ):
British people don't like being 'told' from abroad and rightly or wrongly that's how it comes across to a fair few people.
I don't think anyone likes being told what to do by anyone, but that, unfortuntely is probably the biggest misconception about the EU. Every member state is involved in drawing-up legislation, involving painful and time consuming negotiation. Britain is in there, with every other country, looking after its own best interests.
25 Davehammer :  Very true. Some better reporting in this country would help with matters related to the EU as at the moment all it reports is stuff like the CAP is g
26 KiwiRob :  You really think that the referendum will succeed and Scotland will gain independance? I think it's a daft idea myself.
27 OhTheDrama747 :  I'm Scottish myself and I think it's a ludicrous idea. I really don't see the point. We are one island, what the hell is the point? If we do become i
28 Nighthawk :  well thats your oppinion, which you are entitled to. I believe that everyone in Scotland has the right to at least register their oppinion in a vote,
29 Doona :  I wasn't asking about the exchange rate. It's just that I've never heard of the Euro Dollar. I've heard of the Euro, and a number of different types
30 Cumulus : In short, won't happen. The Brits don't want the Euro, nor do the Tories who will win the next election as Labour has made such a monumental screw up
31
Keesje : I think during the last 8 yrs the dollar has been devaluated as a result of spending, producing money and a governemnt allowing this to improve the co
32
Klaus :  I'm not sure they're even halfway through the list yet...! Not really. Following a secession from the UK, an independent Scotland would have a very h
33 Cumulus :  Before, yes!! Not now!
34
N801NW :  It's an offshore US dollar denominated futures contract. Here is a definition from Wikipedia.
35 Nighthawk :  I meant the discussion on whether Scotland should be independent is an entirely different discussion best reserved for a seperate thread. I have alre
36 VC10 : Being of rather advanced years I was taught in school in a completely non metric system and can remember when the money was still pound shillings and
37 BCAL :  They also said the Titanic was unsinkable. The current Labour Government does not care if the Brits do not want the Euro. If it suits Brown's Police
38 Baroque :  The trouble was, VC10, that they stopped teaching weights in scruples and with that seemed to go the other kinds of scruples. Glad you raised the spe
39 IH8BY :  Well, at banks, anyway. You still seem to meet with something of a confused reception when you try and spend them in shops down south (some shops are
40 DXing :  Actually I made a little bit as the exchange rate was better when I got back than when I left so I actually got more dollars back than I spent exchan
41 Bongodog1964 : KC135TopBoom The article you quote appears to be the height of optimism on the part of the EU president. Each and every EU president always sets out w
42 ME AVN FAN :  - In fact, the Euro was dangerously OVERvalued, and so threatened the export industry which is vital to most European countries. That the US-Dollar h
43 LTU932 : As far as the Euro becoming THE currency in the UK, I still think it will happen. If not by 2010, then it will take a few more years in the midterm fo
44 ME AVN FAN :  - amazing is that England only has one banknotes-issuing bank, the Bank of England, while in Scotland, three banks, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the B
45 Oa260 :  And in Northern Ireland it is Ulster Bank , First Trust, Bank of Ireland and Northern Bank . Its actually a pain and quite confusing.
46 Dougloid :  Verdammt Englander! Wir fahren gegen Engelland, y'all.
47 LTU932 :  And once again my question why are ID cards so bad for you? It's worked for those of us who come from Continental Europe, and it also serves as a tra
48 Davehammer :  Because we don't want to and it's not anyone elses business to tell us what we should and shouldn't do? Plus as a country we seem to operate fairly w
49 MadameConcorde :  I agree. There is no guarantee that the Euro will always stay a strong currency as it is now.
50 VC10 : I wish people would stop trying to brainwash others into believing the only future for the UK is if we fully intergrate into the EU. Now this might be
51
Oa260 :  The Irish are flocking over the border to shop and thats even changing the Euro into a stronger currency and its still cheaper !! http://www.independ
52 ME AVN FAN :  - well, the decline in the British industrial base can hardly be blamed to the E.U.. It started years before the U.K. got into the E.U. . - While not
53 Davehammer :  True, though the French unions love to inconvenience anyone and everyone. A saturated market to be honest. Dover-Calais/Dunkerque has four operators
54 ME AVN FAN :  - Just to give you an idea about Schengen in practice. In the decisive federal popular vote, the Schengen entry just got some 51,5% of the votes, as
55
Braybuddy :  This has been a regular occurrence ever since we separated from sterling in 1979. Sometimes it works to our advantage, sometimes not. The recession a
56 Dougloid :  We see it a little differently. It may be a convenience, but we don't see that as a reason for a state mandate. It's a recurring theme, I fear. I'm r
57 Klaus :  I reiterate yet again: Do you recognize the difference between an occupation and a voluntary partnership of equals? We've already had plenty of dying
58 BCAL :  Speaking for myself and presumably many fellow countrymen, I am not against ID cards in principle but I am worried that The National Data Register wi
59 LTU932 :  Well, never say never. Nobody would have even thought that the French and the British would finally settle everything in a peaceful way and become cl
60
Dougloid :  I detect a note of testiness there Klaus. Please tell me I am wrong. did I push the wrong button? I think it's quite clear from the commentary here t
61 WunalaYann :  And so far a very successful attempt. That's the thing, see, there is no reason the EU should "market" itself in the UK. There is more than enough in
62 Klaus :  Equating the European Union with Hitler's occupation plans is not just completely wrong on any possible factual basis, it is also deeply offensive to
63 RussianJet :  No, you mean it also serves as a travel document when travelling within the EU/EEA and Switzerland. Schengen has nothing to do with it (and. by the b
64
WunalaYann :  And just like in the case of Sweden, their entry into the Eurogroup is conditional to meeting Maastricht criteria. Poland will not get the Euro until
65 MillwallSean :  Actually Malta and Cyprus adopted the Euro in 2008. Small countries but important due to the level of visitors. In 2009 we will see Slovakia adopting
66 WunalaYann :  I stand absolutely corrected. *makes note to update Eurogroup map in folder* My apologies. My point remains that while entering the Eurogroup is an o
67 RussianJet :  The UK could survive perfectly well being a member of the EEA only rather than a member of the EU. Trade would not be severely affected. Strange, I'v
68 Babybus : I travel so much in Europe that I pray the UK will change to the Euro. It seems daft having one currency here and another in the rest of Europe. Like
69 Baroque :  Nice point. It does appear that the subtleties of this difference are not as widely known as some of us had supposed. Well yes, but as more or less a
70 RussianJet :  So, would that be a national of Indonesia or Tajikistan then? Asia is a continent, it does not have 'nationals'. Not being in Schengen may be a pain
71 Baroque :  Take your pick - shorthand for a national of an Asian country and as you point out, a few to pick from. I got the impression that the actual vetting
72 RussianJet :  It's not just a question of how visas are issued, it's about anyone crossing from Schengen to the UK who does not have the right to do do - such as i
73 WunalaYann :  Decisively poor immigration-control policies have been the trademark of French governments since the late 1960s and I most certainly cannot blame any
74 RussianJet :  How do you mean? The Schengen area is only the sum of its parts, and only ever as strong as the weakest link. The integrity of its borders are subjec
75 NAV20 :  If I'm allowed a joke, I still remember going to the woodyard ('woodmetre'?) to buy some battens for a cupboard I was building, the very week Austral
76 WunalaYann :  I agree with you that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link, but the idea of free, unimpeded circulation of people within a given geographic
77 OA260 :  I am thankful that Rep of Ireland is bordered by the UK and feel sorry for people in Cork and Kerry who are so far south they cant benefit from the 4
78
NAV20 :  Sorry, don't follow, WunalaYann? Five years ago the Airbus Division was the 'profit centre' - now it is making a substantial loss, and it is the mili
79 RussianJet :  In which case, you do not understand the Schengen system at all. Example: Immigration officer in France erroneously admits someone to France on a for
80 WunalaYann :  I understand that 100%. It has to do with France fucking up and admitting someone in who should not be allowed in. From then on, said person who was
81 DocLightning :  Don't even get me started on this. The fact that the U.S. stubbornly sticks to the IMPERIAL system made by the British that we somehow rebelled again
82 RussianJet :  Sorry, wasn't meaning to be sarcastic at all, but the point I responded to was this: How can you possibly say that free movement inside the zone has
83 KiwiRob :  Or drivers license, if you do it like Norway your personal ID number is also on your ATM card or visa/mastercard This annoys the crap out of me, Norw
84 Dougloid :  What you're referring to is an economically driven in-migration. If there are jobs, people will come, and all the law in the world cannot change that
85 Nighthawk :  by that logic there are no democratic countries - even New Zealand doesnt allow under 18s to vote.
86 KiwiRob :  Ok then first country to allow all those of voting age regardless of sex or skin colour to vote, so we are still the first and therefore oldest.
87 ME AVN FAN :  - while in reality the "mental images" I have in mind in regard to the E.U. are Messrs Konrad Adenauer and Charles deGaulle, and in regard to the Eur
88 Baroque :  Indeed. No fuss here about having to produce a driving license if driving a car or motor byke, but hells own screams about an ID card. I just do not
89 Nighthawk :  While i cant speak for everyone, but for me its not so much the concept of an ID card that I object to, but rather the cost of it. The scheme is esti
90 Baroque :  Now there I sympathise. The costs rolled out for these items seem to be totally off the planet. As you say, just extend the drivers license system an
91 ME AVN FAN :  - Your costs calculation are based on the idea that it had to be done at once in a centralized program. Which is not correct. In Switzerland, you can
92 Dougloid :  The point I was trying to make before it was removed was twofold. First of all, there seems to be an undercurrent of "my way or the highway" to these
93 VC10 :  I very much agree with you on this, as I think between 1815 and 1870 there were no wars in Europe and no EU, so to credit the peace [of 63 years] we
94 Klaus :  Wrong. There is a very understandable notion that in a community of equals where everybody has a valid vote you cannot constantly complain that you w
95 Skidmarks :  Fascinating discussion, with facts and figures abounding for "for" and "against". But, I think VC10 hit the nail on the head when he says that UK cit
96 RussianJet :  Indeed we don't, so please don't try and make out we're all anti!
97 Skidmarks :  Not my intention at all, just trying to explain the reluctance of SOME people to simply go along with it. There are many in the UK who think that joi
98 Dougloid :  You may not like what I've got to say but please do not make the mistake of treating me like a child because I choose to not agree with your world vi
99 Braybuddy :  But look what happened in reality: after the eastern bloc countries joined the EU several years ago there was a huge influx of Polish, Latvian and Li
100 Skidmarks :  I wish the ones living next door to me would do that!! All 12 of them!! Andy
101
WunalaYann :  Some very true words again. Although Giscard indulged in some highly questionable conduct during his time on office, on the private front, but indeed
102 TristarAtLCA : I have been reading this thread with a mixture of bemusement and amusement and I would just like to add my two cents worth (or two pence, if you prefe
103 Dougloid :  Fine fellows all.
104 WunalaYann :  It seems like David Cameron is quite keen on finally giving you a say in the matter. 38 years later. I hope for your sake, and that of the rest of Eu
105 RussianJet :  That's a fair point, but then it basically comes down to whether or not one would want to join the theoretical Schengen which on paper works nicely,
106 TristarAtLCA :  Cameron might, but this current mob won't!!
107 Baroque :  Now that has me really Over 50 years of constructive developments arising first out of the Coal and Steel organization and moving on through more and
108 RussianJet :  What do you mean? Sea, Air, Train, whatever - at the moment all pax arriving in the UK are seen by an immigration officer. If we joined Schengen, onl
109 Signol :  Not quite - we have an open border with the Republic of Ireland. The question of Schengen comes down to, do we trust the border controls of other cou
110 RussianJet :  Well yes, ok - with the exception of the CTA arrangements (which will most likely end in the next few years anyway) and other limited exceptions. It'
111 Dougloid :  Yep. Here's the perspective. Check your PM.
112 GDB :  Only 'Police State' has nothing to do with it. (And if you want to see a real police state, start at North Korea, I'm sure that those who have experi
113 RussianJet :  We certainly should. Red or Blue once every five years is about as democratic as my hairy backside.
114 BA :  Which has absolutely nothing to do with the Euro.
115 Braybuddy : Whether the UK joins the single currency or not is entirely a matter for the citizens or parliament of that country, and I'm curious to know why an Am
116 WunalaYann :  And I agree 100% with you. The blame should be laid on member states. And I have no shortage of blame to lay on France regarding its repeated, catast
117 Dougloid :  Kind of a two way street, isn't it? I have yet to meet a European who could consistently resist sticking their oar into US waters. Nosy is as nosy do
118 WunalaYann :  Your post is very good but I have to take exception to this one. Considering the UK's attitude towards EU integration (and I certainly do NOT questio
119 VC10 :  Yes I do remember the sterling crisis , but did not France devalue the Franc value against the Pound 3 times in the in the late 1950s and in the 1960
120 RussianJet :  Not my intention Sir, and I apologise if it came off that way. Thank you. As a keen linguist, always happy to learn.
121 Braybuddy :  The difference probably being that when the US sneezes, the rest of the world catches a cold. I doubt if whatever currency the Brits use makes an iot
122 Braybuddy :  Just look at how a tiny percentage of the EU's elctorate, in one of its smallest countries which joined in the second wave in 1973, shamelessly manag
123 Klaus :  There is ordinary trolling which you seem to enjoy so much, and then there are attacks which cross the line, such as insinuating people working for t
124 Dougloid :  I insinuated nothing of the sort, sir. Klaus, I'm going to assume that you overlooked my post wherein I said the following: The fact is, you are the
125 Klaus :  You have inserted the exact same crass and tasteless insinuation regularly into previous discussions of european matters. As I said, there is a lot o
126 Baroque :  My money is on fists at 25 paces. Even that could be a damaging encounter - we certainly cannot agree to modems at 100 paces. I still find it a tad o
127 NAV20 :  Klaus, trying to get things back on a friendlier basis, I think (as an 'ex-European') that, in terms of public perceptions of the EU, the greatest di
128 Dougloid :  First of all, let's get the ground rules straight. I am not at your beck and call to offer explanation like an errant schoolboy. I'm not going to let
129 Klaus :  When you are lightheartedly introducing highly charged topics into a discussion, there do come responsibilities with that. You cannot just kick over
130 Klaus :  I have no problem with you or with anyone else personally. I just find it important to take responsibility for one's statements, one way or another.
131 WunalaYann :  A very fair point indeed. You did not. But references to previous attempts at unifying Europe in a non-consensual fashion, punctuated by the drop of
132 Baroque :  But you miss - hardly surprising in the midst of the negatives flying around - stressing what a humungously large positive the EU represents. Also ig
133 WunalaYann :  ERASMUS is actually a very good example of the type of integrated activities you mention. While not restricted to the EU per se, it is still very muc
134 Baroque :  Had sort of forgotten about that. But nice that realise that Fosters get some benefits from an EU program bearing in mind their foolish purchase this
135 ME AVN FAN :  - If you, coming from the Schengen-Zone, arrive in the U.K. by ferry-boat, you are controlled by customs-control. When the UK will join Schengen, you
136 BlackProjects : The English are dead set against the EURO and those in Power know it. Gordo Brown knows that if he was Foolish enough to give us a vote on the Euro an
137 GDB :  Yes it is, in OUR system. In most general elections of recent years, the main parties have had very significant differences on issues about Europe. A
138 RussianJet :  Why shouldn't it be though? Also, infrequent is one thing, but never having referenda is another thing entirely. That's basically where we're at now.
139 GDB :  Or how it should be. You have political parties, they have a manifesto, the winner, if as is usual an outright one, takes over the government the nex
140 WunalaYann :  Absolutely. And that speaks of a high level of mutual respect and appreciation - why would you go to so much hassle for someone you do not respect an
141 MillwallSean : De Gaulle was right, letting the British into EU has just caused problems. Better to kick Briatin out and if they come begging for it give them a free
142 RussianJet :  Sure, but one vote every five years should not grant carte blanche to a government with a large majority to do whatever they want without ever consul
143 GLAGAZ :  You'd think that...But try using a Scottish £10 note in England. The staff always have to go ask their supervisors if they can accept it as currency
144 WILCO737 :  During my stay in Nottingham I was at a subways and had a 10 pound note from Scotland. They REFUSED to accept it.... He couldn't explain to me why, h
145 Braybuddy :  There was a referendum in 1975 on whether the UK should stay in the EEC. The result: In favour: 17,300,000, against: 8,400,000.
146 Baroque :  That has a long history. Back in the late forties, I had a fearsome Aunt who lived in Edinburgh and used to give me a Scottish pound note every chris
147 Braybuddy :  Extraordinary! Up to 1979 anyone taking an Irish £1 note into their local bank would be given the equivalent with a picture of Her Maj if they reque
148 Baroque :  Well luckily the visit from the fearsome Aunt was worse than the treck to the bank and getting short-changed! When she and the other fearsome Aunt I
149 TristarAtLCA :  Of course Britain contributes, both legislatively and financially. Do you honestly believe that we implement all these new EU wide directives without
150 RussianJet :  Yes, which is my point entirely. One referendum every 33 years eh? Very democratic.
151
Klaus :  Then why do even the utterly and verifiably false ideas these rags use to peddle turn up in EU discussions with such intensity and regularity? The pr
152 David L :  Correct. Let's stop this nonsense about the UK "not contributing". We're one of the few countries that's a net contributor (and always has been, as f
153 TristarAtLCA :  Because these people believe whatever they read. Surely you have heard the phrase 'the more you repeat a lie, the more people believe it'. And if the
154
Klaus :  Unfortunately...! Not that we didn't have an utterly despicable rag over here in Germany as well ("Bild"), it just doesn't have much actual influence
155 TristarAtLCA :  Oh I agree, and the current government does themselves no favours. They are in the main Pro-Europe, campaigned with a pledge to vote on Lisbon, then
156 Klaus :  That was particularly bizarre... there may always be formally sound reasons for things like that (and we've discussed those back then), but making a
157 NAV20 :  Must admit, so do I occasionally. Please bear in mind, Klaus, that Britain has been at risk of 'occupation and subjugation' by European powers for mo
158 MD11Engineer :  Same as the French Berlin brigade headquarters was in the "Quartier Napoleon" barracks. For me, Napoleon Bonaparte was the first modern dictator, wit
159 Klaus :  Britain itself has a rather aggressive history (and even present) as well, just mainly outside of the european mainland. It's not exactly a shrinking
160 Baroque :  Indeed in those historical terms, Britain has finally got the strong and stable non-hostile alliance it always wanted on the continent. One can only
161 GDB :  AAARRGGH! Again, WHY was it held? Repeat - to get the then PM out of trouble in his parties internal disagreements about Europe! We don't have refere
162
Klaus :  Yeah, but neither can anybody else. It always takes negotiations, convincing of the other partners and (hopefully constructive) compromises. This is
163 ME AVN FAN :  - A) That it is so is obvious. Reasons ? B) Do you think that this rejection is to last endlessly ? C) Don't UK-tourists when travelling in Europe, t
164 Klaus :  A lack of oversight and proper regulations during the privatization has almost destroyed much of the british infrastructure. I think it would be a bi
165 TristarAtLCA :  Although the Prime Minister is the most visible member of the UK government, in reality he is just the head of Her Majestys government. A mere politi
166 David L :  Why not? Having spent more years in Glasgow than anywhere else, I'd have to say Edinburgh does appear to be full of "foreigners" to me, i.e. English
167
Klaus :  How so? All major continental powers were party to the treaty and participated in the negotiations (the Vatican ultimately wasn't happy that a peace
168 ME AVN FAN :  - and that leads to the non-theoretic but practical question whether a British Prime Minister really regards that "assent" as a "permission" or rathe
169 David L :  Yeah, where they did negotiate. That's my point. You'll need to be more specific. Again, you'll need to be more specific. You've lost me. Context?
170 TristarAtLCA :  It's absolutely a formality, but thats the process, which I assume BlackProjects was referring to.
171 MD11Engineer :  Thames Water for example (now owned by the German energy monopolist RWE) or the various railway companies. Fast, short term profits to raise the shar
172 WunalaYann :  While I do not necessarily agree with the entirety of your post, I must underline that you raise a very good point here. And let us lift the veil on
173 MD11Engineer :  Schroeder as well. As soon as he signed up with Gazprom, he committed political suicide. Jan
174
NAV20 :  Not at all 'theoretical,' ME AVN FAN, the Queen's power to deny consent is very real (though seldom exercised). Her role is to ensure that the 'Const
175 WunalaYann :  As a convinced royalist, I can only subscribe wholeheartedly to your exposé. Now try to find another Frenchman who wants to be a faithful subject of
176 KC135TopBoom :  From my side of the pond, it looks like that to me. The reason I think it will be France, as opposed to Germany, or any of the other countries, is be
177 ME AVN FAN :  - So that, in case that the fairly pro-European princes Charles, William, Harry, Andrew and Edward for whatever reasons would "fade away" and Princes
178
Klaus :  Agreed! Our president has a very similar role; Refusal to sign a particular law is rare, but it happens. Which is one of the strengths and safeguards
179 Baroque :  Nice numbers and it appears that those who wish to believe will do so, but the really interesting thing is to contemplate what sort of a bomb it will
180
NAV20 :  Tend - 'somewhat'   - to disagree, Klaus...... There are some marvellous stories about the House of Commons. My personal favourites are:- 1. John Mo
181
Klaus :  I doubt that, actually...! I still believe that the USA will bounce back, if not without difficulty. Indeed quite amusing. But humorous quips and ret
182 AircraftGeek :  And there goes your credibility, KC135TopBoom
183 Baroque :  Although I cannot resist adding the one from the Aus parliament where a member stated that another member: "Had the brains of an ass" Directed by the
184 ME AVN FAN : Churchill, in his days, saw the Continental Europe of the early 50ies. But the Churchill of today would advise his country to jump aboard fully ! I am
185 GDB : Quite frankly KC135,I see a great deal more strife within the US, the very sharply divided politics, those absurd 'culture wars', how different is New
186 MD11Engineer :  Remember Herbert Wehner of the SPD, chancellor Brandt's and Helmut Schmidt's notorious whip? He was extremely tough and entertaining in debating. Jan
187 GDB : There have been many debates in commons, that were compelling in tackling serious issues. Despite being nostalgic of Empire, a 'Little Englander' and
188 WunalaYann :  Nothing new here. Loss of influence is mechanical as soon as you grow from six to twenty-seven members, with amazingly varying economic, cultural and
189 Braybuddy :  You're probably right. When he wrote alarm bells should have rung very loudly.
190
Klaus :  Cute again! Although the first remark would most likely have led to harsh sanctioning by the session president in the Bundestag already. And I must s
191 WunalaYann :  Well, we are evil, but not in every single aspect of life... Let us just say that we like to give our devilish side free rein whenever and wherever i
192 Klaus :  Maybe that's been the plan all along, while we germans played harmless and naive and surreptitiously laboured our asses off to make things work after
193 Baroque :  The thought occurs to me that the emphasis on Islamists and Wars of Terror have been a major influence over a distortion of continuing education - so
194 Klaus : Thanks! Not surprisingly, I would say. They had just liberated the continent, so psychologically they had no reason to abandon their own apparently s
195 NAV20 :  Trouble was, Baroque, like 'financiers' everywhere, they weren't using their own money. They were using the pension funds of ordinary guys like us. A
196 ME AVN FAN :  - a truly unique personality, unforgettable in his ways. I never forget the "Geistige Terroristen" (terrorists in spirit) outburst ! - unnecessary ma
197 GDB : Klaus, I know you seem to think that the UK is largely made up of obsessive Anti EU types who are as uninterested as they are ignorant of the Continen
198 ME AVN FAN :  - I would not generalize, but in view of developments between 1970 and now, I might say that the U.K. might better have stayed in EFTA and done the E
199 WunalaYann :  I am sad to see that you swallow what is purely misleading and ego-flattering domestic political rubbish and make it a European policy. No French sta
200 SKAirbus : The problem i have with the EU is that France, Germany and Spain for example have an inability to think for themselves.. especially Germany... accordi
201 Klaus :  In 1989 the wall fell and we have had to basically rebuild the former GDR primarily out of our own pockets. Even considering several stupid decisions
202 ME AVN FAN :  - Germany in that time had to integrate the GDR, and so in a way no longer was "Western Europe". No other West-European country had to integrate an E
203 Baroque :  It certainly was if your task was to lift a chair with Kohl sitting in it. My best memory of him was during some floods in the E, of his standing on
204
Klaus :  Actually, it was even harder to lift him from his chair... It took all of 16 years to get him out of office again...!    He grabbed the opportunity
205 SKAirbus : It would be interesting to point out that Denmark doesn't have a right wing government and until 2001 had a socialist government.. The problem with th
206 ME AVN FAN :  - again, Schengen does NOT mean "no controls", but better and less stupid controls. And Schengen/Dublin means an improved police-cooperation. The cri
207 Klaus :  Rasmussen represents a conservative coalition with further parliamentary support by a xenophobic populist party. That qualifies quite easily. They ha
208 RJ111 : Economics aside it would be a bit of a cop out to go to Canada and see the Queen on the money, then go to Australia and see the Queen on the money, an
209 Klaus :  We've already got the reigning monarchs of the Eurozone on our money. Lizzie would be just as welcome!
210 SKAirbus :  The Queen will remain on the British Euro coins....
211 WAC : Well considering the Europhobes (anti-EU) said the Euro would collapse affter a couple years are now proven wrong. The Euro is now one the most respec
212
ME AVN FAN :  - I checked up in regard to the share of foreigners in percent of West European countries, and found, that, according to www.crp-infotec.de/01deu/aus
213 SKAirbus :  Well Switzerland and Luxembourg have a number of financial immigrants from other western countries which shouldn't really count... I mean i have no p
214 Klaus :  Digging a moat around your country wouldn't do much good for integration either, now would it?
215 SKAirbus :  Well no but there needs to be done more to integrate people into society.. In Copenhagen there is a lot of segregation where people that have lived i
216 Baroque :  Have you ckecked on the F1 generation? That seems to be the critical one. Most are excellent citizens, but a proportion may not be. How to avoid the
217 Klaus :  Sure. But ramping up the hostility by electing xenophobic populists and trying to barricade the borders will only deepen the resentment on both sides
218 Nighthawk :  That already happens - the UK consists of more than just england and wales remember. Scottish notes do not feature the Queen, and I dont think N.Iris
219 JJJ :  I guess someone has seen a bit too much TV on the immigrant boat drama. It may comfort you that those boats account for an almost negligible % of ill
220 ME AVN FAN :  - I cannot say about Luxembourg, but in Switzerland the "financial immigrants" numberwise do NOT count at all. Look at the nationalities I mentioned.
