EUROPA > The EU at a glance > Eurojargon
People within the EU institutions and in the media dealing with EU affairs often use 'Eurojargon' words and expressions that they alone understand. Eurojargon can be very confusing to the general public, which is why we have written this “plain language guide” to help you.
Please note: this guide does not include purely technical or legal terms, or jargon used in only one language. For explanations of technical and legal terms, please go to ' glossary ', which is a separate and more technical site.
Should you have any comments regarding the usefulness of this guide, or if you think certain Eurojargon terms should be included in it, let us know by filling out one of our forms .
Absorption (absorptive) capacity:
This usually means the ability of a country or organisation to receive aid and use it effectively. Developing countries often lack this capacity. For example, a country may receive enough money to enable all its children to attend primary school – but owing to a lack of teachers, lack of schools or a poor administrative system, it is impossible to spend this money in the short term. Work must first be done to train teachers, build schools and improve the efficiency of the system –  thus raising the country's 'absorption capacity'.
Acquis communautaire :
This is a French term meaning, essentially, 'the EU as it is' – in other words, the rights and obligations that EU countries share. The 'acquis' includes all the EU's treaties and laws, declarations and resolutions, international agreements on EU affairs and the judgments given by the Court of Justice. It also includes action that EU governments take together in the area of 'justice and home affairs' and on the Common Foreign and Security Policy. 'Accepting the acquis' therefore means taking the EU as you find it. Candidate countries have to accept the 'acquis' before they can join the EU, and make EU law part of their own national legislation. For a fuller explanation, see ' Community acquis ' in the glossary.
Agenda:
This term literally means 'things to be done'. It normally refers to the list of items for discussion at a meeting, but politicians also use it as a jargon term meaning 'things we want to achieve'. For example, the EU’s 'Social Agenda' sets out what the Union wants to achieve, over the next few years, in terms of employment and social policies. It forms part of the 'Lisbon Strategy' ( see below ).
Anti-trust:
The EU aims to guarantee fair and free competition in the single market, and to ensure that companies compete rather than collude. So EU rules prohibit agreements that restrict competition (e.g. secret agreements between companies to charge artificially high prices) and abuses by firms who hold a dominant position on the market. Rules of this kind are known as 'anti-trust' legislation. The Commission has considerable powers to prohibit anti-competitive activities, and to impose fines on firms found guilty of anti-competitive conduct.
Applicant country:
This means a country that has applied to join the European Union. Once its application has been officially accepted, it becomes a candidate country ( see below ).
Benchmarking:
This means measuring how well one country, business, industry, etc. is performing compared to other countries, businesses, industries, and so on. The 'benchmark' is the standard by which performance will be judged.
Best practice:
One way of improving policies in the EU is for governments to look at what is going on in other EU countries and to see what works best. They can then adopt this 'best practice', adapting it to their own national and local circumstances.
"Brussels has decided…":
The term “Brussels” is often used in the media to refer to the EU institutions, most of which are located in the city of Brussels. EU laws are proposed by the European Commission but it is the Council of the European Union (ministers from the national governments) and the European Parliament (elected by the European citizens) that debate, amend and ultimately decide whether to pass these proposed laws.
Budget deficit :
A technical term meaning the gap between a government's revenue and its expenditure.
Candidate country:
This means a country that has applied to join the European Union and that has officially been accepted as a candidate for accession to the European Union. At present there are five candidate countries: Croatia, former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Iceland, Montenegro and Turkey. Before a candidate country can join the EU it must meet the 'Copenhagen criteria' ( see below ).
CAP:
The Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) was first introduced in 1960, to ensure that Europe had secure food supplies at affordable prices. Farming remains one of the biggest areas with which the EU deals.
Civil dialogue:
This means consulting civil society ( see below ) when the European Commission is drawing up its policies and proposals for legislation. It is a broader concept than 'social dialogue' ( see below ).
Civil society:
This is the collective name for all kinds of organisations and associations that are not part of government but that represent professions, interest groups or sections of society. It includes (for example) trade unions, employers' associations, environmental lobbies and groups representing women, farmers, people with disabilities and so on. Since these organisations have a lot of expertise in particular areas and are involved in implementing and monitoring European Union policies, the EU regularly consults civil society and wants it to become more involved in European policymaking.
Citizens' initiative:
This is a way for ordinary people to participate in decision-making at European level. It refers to a particular procedure whereby 1 million citizens from at least seven EU countries sign a proposal for a new EU law. When this happens, the EU institutions are obliged to debate and take a decision on the proposal. More information .
Cohesion:
This means (literally) 'sticking together'. The jargon term 'promoting social cohesion' means the EU tries to make sure that everyone has a place in society – for example by tackling poverty, unemployment and discrimination. The EU budget includes money known as the 'Cohesion Fund' which is used to finance projects that help the EU 'stick together'. For example, it finances new road and rail links that help disadvantaged regions take a full part in the EU economy.
Comitology:
This is more correctly known as 'committee procedure'. It describes a process in which the Commission, when implementing EU law, has to consult special advisory committees made up of experts from the EU countries. For a fuller explanation, go to ' glossary '.
Common market:
When the EEC ( see below ) was founded in 1957, it was based on a 'common market'. In other words, people, goods and services should be able to move around freely between the member states as if they were all one country, with no checks carried out at the borders and no customs duties paid. However, this took a while to achieve: customs duties between the EEC countries were not completely abolished until 1 July 1968. Other barriers to trade also took a long while to remove, and it was not until the end of 1992 that the 'Single Market' (as it became known) was in place.
Community/communities:
In the 1950s, six European countries decided to pool their economic resources and set up a system of joint decision-making on economic issues. To do so, they formed three organisations:
the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC),
the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom),
the European Economic Community (EEC).
These three communities – collectively known as the 'European Communities' – formed the basis of what is today the European Union. The EEC soon became by far the most important of the three and was eventually renamed simply 'the European Community' (EC). With the Lisbon treaty in 2009 the word 'community' disappeared and became fully replaced by 'European Union'. There are however still many texts where the word 'community' is used and means more or less the same as 'EU'.
Community method:
This is the EU's usual method of decision-making, in which the Commission makes a proposal to the Council and Parliament who then debate it, propose amendments and eventually adopt it as EU law. In the process, they will often consult other bodies such as the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions. This is in contrast to intergovernmental cooperation (see below)
Competencies:
This is Eurojargon for 'powers and responsibilities'. It is often used in political discussions about what powers and responsibilities should be given to EU institutions and what should be left to national, regional and local authorities.
Competent authority:
This usually means the government department or other body responsible for dealing with a particular issue. It is 'competent' in the sense of having the legal power and responsibility.
Convention:
This term has various meanings, including (in the EU context) a group of people representing the EU institutions, the national governments and parliaments, who come together to draw up an important document. Conventions of this sort have met to draw up the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union or new EU treaties.
Copenhagen criteria:
In June 1993, EU leaders meeting in Copenhagen set three criteria that any candidate country ( see above ) must meet before it can join the European Union. Firstly, it must have stable institutions guaranteeing democracy, the rule of law, human rights and respect for minorities. Secondly, it must have a functioning market economy. Thirdly, it must take on board all the acquis ( see above ) and support the various aims of the European Union. In addition, it must have a public administration capable of applying and managing EU laws in practice. The EU reserves the right to decide when a candidate country has met these criteria and when the EU is ready to accept the new member.
Council:
There are three different European bodies with the word 'council' in their names:
The European Council
This is the meeting of Heads of State and Government (i.e. presidents and/or prime ministers) of all the EU countries, plus the President of the European Commission. The European Council meets, in principle, four times a year to agree overall EU policy and to review progress. It is the highest-level policy-making body in the European Union, which is why its meetings are often called 'summits'.
The Council of the European Union
Formerly known as the Council of Ministers, this institution consists of government ministers from all the EU countries. The Council meets regularly to take detailed decisions and to pass EU laws.
The Council of Europe
This is not an EU institution. It is an intergovernmental organisation based in Strasbourg, which aims (amongst other things) to protect human rights, to promote Europe's cultural diversity and to combat social problems such as xenophobia and intolerance. The Council of Europe was set up in 1949 and one of its early achievements was to draw up the European Convention on Human Rights. To enable citizens to exercise their rights under that Convention it set up the European Court of Human Rights.
Cultural capitals:
Every year one or more European cities are designated as the 'European capital of culture'. The aim is to publicise and celebrate the cultural achievements and charms of these cities and so make European citizens more aware of the rich heritage they share. List of cultural capitals.
Democratic deficit:
It is often said that the EU's decision-making system is too remote from ordinary people, who cannot understand its complexities and its difficult legal texts. The EU is trying to overcome this “democratic deficit” through simpler legislation and better public information, and by giving civil society ( see above ) a greater say in European policymaking. Citizens are already represented in EU decision-making via the European Parliament.
For further details go to ' glossary '.
DG:
The staff of the main EU institutions (Commission, Council and Parliament) are organised into a number of distinct departments, known as 'Directorates-General' (DGs), each of which is responsible for specific tasks or policy areas. The administrative head of a DG is known as the 'Director-General' (a term sometimes also abbreviated to 'DG').
EEA:
This abbreviation refers to the European Economic Area – which consists of the European Union and all the EFTA countries ( see below ) except Switzerland. The EEA Agreement, which entered into force on 1 January 1994, enables Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway to enjoy the benefits of the EU's single market without the full privileges and responsibilities of EU membership.
EFTA:
This is the abbreviation for the European Free Trade Association – an organisation founded in 1960 to promote free trade in goods amongst its member states. There were originally seven EFTA countries: Austria, Denmark, Norway, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom (UK). Finland joined in 1961, Iceland in 1970, and Liechtenstein in 1991.   In 1973, Denmark and the UK left EFTA and joined the EEC ( see above ). They were followed by Portugal in 1986, and by Austria, Finland and Sweden in 1995. Today the EFTA members are Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland.
Enhanced co-operation:
This is an arrangement whereby a group of EU countries can work together in a particular field even if the other EU countries are unable or unwilling to join in at this stage. The outsiders must, however, be free to join in later if they wish.
Enlargement:
In the 1950s, the EU began with just six member states. It now has 27. Growth in EU membership is known as 'enlargement', and it has happened several times:
1950           Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands
1973           Denmark, Ireland, United Kingdom
1981           Greece
