Birth certificate is very
Submitted by AllenY on Tue, 04/13/2010 - 05:13.
Birth certificate is very important for identification.It is a person's live birth document that serves a valid citizenship and all the necessary information about the person.Justice Stevens of the Supreme Court had solved many cases including cases for birth certificate.Sad to say that he will retire from his profession effective this 2010.By this point, why shouldn't John Paul Stevens retire? He's the fourth longest serving Justice on the Supreme CourtM. The large stink is over whether Obama appoints a "liberal" to the court, which doubtless the conservatives are going to be screaming about, and going to their supporters for a few payday advances worth more into campaign coffers - heaven help us if anybody should ever differ with the government, or actually defend freedom for once. Stevens wrote a stinging dissent in Bush v. Gore and is often identified as a "liberal" justice, no matter what that is designed to mean.
Adoption at age 8..."but didn't want to be"
Submitted by Susan Sledge on Wed, 04/07/2010 - 18:25.
I feel for any child that doesn't want to be adopted..in 1957 the judge too one look at me and my biological sister and said "no, she's too little to take the stand-put her sister on". I was led back to the seat and remember them asking my sister 2 years older than I if she wanted to be adopted and she said "yes". I was devastated. The next thing I knew I was sitting at my adopted parents table clothed table drinking OVALTINE from a cup on a saucer. I spilt the hot chocolate and started to cry..."Don't cry the lady said...it's alright"  Nothing was ALRIGHT after that. I LEFT home when I turned 19 on my birthday-never to return until 7 years later after I had my only son and make sure my husband was with me...(I would never even think about adopting!). We never went back, but they did come down for a few days visit the next four years. Then they stopped...no big disappointment as they never had changed.
I have about 4 memories of my life when I was with my biological family.  It seems silly that I can't remember more-or even the people in my mind.  I found my biological dad-"who said he didn't owe me a thing" and I missed my biological mom just 3 months before she died (according to her birth certificate). A real nice lady doing volunter pictures for findagrave.com who lived in Grand Island, Hall County, Nebraska went and took a picture of her gavestone and put it on the above site.  I now have her gravestone as my desktop on my computer to look at daily. Both biological parents are dead.
My sister and I are very close and My brother did come to see me with a girlfriend and another guy.  For two days they slopped around and didn't tell me much of anything...so I kicked them out and they went to my sisters and she kicked them out after a month!!!
I am still doing searches on the family have found so many of the aunt and uncles and even have pictures of my Biological mom and dad, and brother and his wife with new baby...
As to my adoptive parents who are now both dead it was just dead feelings from the start---but my sister retains that the adoptive parents were her parents----AND best of all we worked TOGETHER at finding our biological ones!
It is alway easier to destroy than create
Submitted by John on Tue, 04/13/2010 - 14:24.
You went into the adoption determined to prevent it from working, not surprising, it didn't work.  Adoption is a two way relationship, your parents adopt you as their child, BUT it only works if you adopt them as your parents.  Never happened with you, so you simply lived with people you kept as strangers.  That was your decision, my condolences to your adopted parents, they didn't deserve that outcome.
Not uncommon for older kids to start the relationship that way, usually the child does try trusting and they become a family.  Eight is a tough age, lots of magical thinking, "I won't love these people and my real mom and dad will come get me."  The vast majority of kids figure out that isn't going to happen, there are a few though that force a failure even into adulthood.  Do you think your biological parents would have wanted you to not try?
Complainers Extrodinare
Submitted by John on Wed, 06/17/2009 - 18:00.
Wow ladies, there really isn't anything you seem to like about adoption, being adopted, or adoptive parents!  I am impressed,  that is consistency, unforunately, consistency is not always good for you.
Reunion is not a terrible happening.  Two of mine sought and had a reunion.  One was contacted by his birthmother while he was still a minor.  In each case, the sun rose in the East the next day.  Yes, it was important to the ones that wanted contact, fortunately, it wasn't the end of the world if it couldn't happen, but working together it was possible to track down the birth parents.  As the boys all came from foster care, obviously their birth parents were aware that they would be placed for adoption, no secrets.   Reunion where the Mother did not wish contact and felt there was confidentiality is a very different matter.
So, you have all bought into the idea that you were horribly wronged by being adopted.  What would have happened to you if your parents, the real ones that adopted you, had not chosen you?  That is a biggie, that most complaining adoptees dismiss very quickly, it absolutley doesn't fit with adoption is bad and terribly wrong.  Why would foster care have been such a good deal ladies?  All five of mine come from foster care, it gets you to 18 and that is about all.  What grand things is knowlege about your birth family providing you with?  How did your life change from unacceptable to good when you finally got the information that you are so obsessed with?  Could you ever allow your life to change from unacceptable to good?  Isn't it time to get on with your lives and stop trying to change the past?
Submitted by half-orphan on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 17:21.
 
These are the documents I have. My father gave my documents to my pre-adoptive parents when he placed me in their arms.
Hospital Birth Certificate. Signed by Doctor and  Hospital Administrator
Birth Registration under name at birth. Short Form,  names my parents by birth.
Certificate of Birth. Long Form, names my parents by  birth.
Gives medical information at birth: How many weeks gestation? How many other children of mother now living? Was this birth Single or Twin or Triplet?Details of mother's condition at birth.Date and Time of Birth. Hospital of Birth. Residence of parents. Race of parents. Occupation of parents.
Signature of Attendant Physician. Date signed. This statement: "I hereby certify that I attended the birth of this child who was born alive on the date stated above at ____ AM or PM"
Signature of Registrar.
Also includes this notation:
"Form VS No.30b-Buffalo. 3M Books. 9-1-55 (5C-185) Margin Reserved for Binding. This Certificate must be filed with the local Registrar within 5 days after birth. Typewrite, hand-print, or write legibly in permanent black or blue-black ink. Signatures should be legible. This is a permanent record. Physician: Please see reverse for important additional questions."
This is to Certify. Short form birth certificate in my  adoptive name, no parents named.
Certificate of Birth. Long Form, in my adoptive  name.
Left out: How many weeks gestation? How many other children of mother now living?                    Medical condition of mother at birth.
Left in: Date and time of birth. Hospital of Birth. Was this birth Single, or Twin, or Triplet? Race of parents. Residence of parents. Occupation of parents.
Also includes this notation: "This certificate is filed pursuant to Sec. 4138 Sub1. Par (C) of the Public Health Law."
And this notation: "Form VS No 30b-Buffalo 3M Books 9-1-55 (5C-185) This certificate must be filed with the local Registrar within 5 days after birth. Typewrite, hand-print, or write legibly in permanent black or blue-black ink. Signatures should be legible. This is a permanent record."
At first glance, both the Original Birth Certificate (OBC Long Form) and Amended Birth Certificate (ABC Long Form) look the same. But in closer observation, one can see how the forms used to create these birth certificates were different. Placement of boxes were filled in with more white space to make up for the missing boxes specific to the actual birth.
6. Certificate of Birth and Baptism. From the Catholic Parish in which my family belonged. My name at birth and baptism, date of baptism, name of priest who performed baptism, issue date of certificate (1956), signature of priest who testified information as true. Parents' names, sponsors (god-parents). Indication of Book Number and Page Number where this record is kept by the church.
7. Certificate of Birth and Baptism. From the Catholic Church in which I was actually baptized. My name at adoption, my date of birth, date of baptism, name of priest who performed baptism, signature of priest who testified information as true, issue date of certificate (1959), names of sponsors (god-parents) [they were actually my aunt and uncle from my deceased mother's family]. Indication of Book Number and Page Number where this record is kept by the church. [Church closed decades ago. Do not know where these books are now].
 
sorry I left out info to previous post
Submitted by half-orphan on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 17:35.
On my ABC, my parents' name are there, along with a mix of birth facts and adoption facts. They are my parents by adoption, not birth, yet this Certificate of Birth indicates they are parents by birth. Especially read "Is this birth Single, Twin, Triplet". "Date and time and hosptial of Birth" That information is not adoption-specific information. To be an accurate and truthful document, this should actually be a Certifcate of Adoption. Date and time and place of adoption should be clearly indicated in  place of birth information. Also, my name was legally changed on the date of the finalization of my adoption, which happened one year and one month after my birth. It makes no logical sense to play around with facts, especially since playing around with other facts on other givernment documents is considered to be fraud.
Submitted by half-orphan on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 15:46.
John,
What would have happened to me had I not been adopted by my adoptive parents? Again, you are focussed on foster care. Start exploring how other adoptions take place and you will learn much.
 
I was never in foster care. Niether were my siblings, they were older and were taken care of by our father and grandparents while our mother lay dying in the hosptial. I lived in the hospital for the first two months of my life. Then, I lived with my god-parents. Then, my father took me from there and placed me with the people who would become my adoptive parents. No foster care. My god-parents wanted to adopt me. So did other relatives. After weighing all the information he had, my father made the choice he made. He was grieving, and was vulnerable. He did not want to give me up, he told me so decades later. But there was no social nor religious network to help him keep his family together.
 
No, I am grateful I was adopted. That is the fantasy of many adoptive parents. I lost my entire family. I am not grateful for that.
 
However, during my childhood, I was loved and loved back. I had close relationships with some cousins and aunts and uncles. I actually thought I was close to all of my adoptive family, but when I had been found by my sisters, I quickly found out who in my extended family actually hated me and my father.
 
Complaining? No. Pointing out the flaws in the system? Yes. Pointing out that a child does not benefit from being taken away from her family and placed into a new one? Yes.
 
hyperbole, foster care, true birth certificates
Submitted by AngelaW on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 17:52.
I hoping you are just using hyperbole with this statement..."I am a social worker who will do everything in my power to make sure no adoptive parents lie to their adoptees again."
(saying this very kindly....) This is too much pressure for any person to handle. You have zero control and/or ability to change other people's behavior. (i.e. you can lead a horse to water, but you cannot force it to drink). I have seen people crash and burn under too much pressure/expections. To invest "everything in your power" sometimes leaves a life not worth living. Maybe you didn't mean it, the way that I took it.
I think the reason foster care keeps coming up is because "generic" statements about adoption reform don't fit into that scenario. For example you said "Pointing out that a child does not benefit from being taken away from her family and placed into a new one? Yes."
But earlier in your comment, you pointed out that an abused child does benefit from being removed from her family.
I think that John, Scraps and other foster/adoption parents are looking for acknowledgement that foster adoption has a different set of problems.
As your life experience has informed you. Their life experiences with parenting a hurt child has greatly informed them.
Changing the subject to your recent blog about "True Birth Certificates for Adoptees". http://forbiddenfamilyfoundadoptee.blogspot.com/
You talk about "true birth certificates for donor-conceived" children. I hadn't thought about this subject. But this triggered a thought in me. When you say "true birth certificates", you are really talking about a genetic record of parentage. Right?
Then the problem space around "true birth certificates" is larger then just adoption/donor-conceived children. There are been many different studies over the years (google for "cheating spouse" or "Infidelity Statistics DNA child") that show 10% of men listed as father on a OBC aren't the genetic father.
This is a very interesting page; http://www.canadiancrc.com/Infidelity.aspx . 1970s British school children who were given a blood typing experiment. 30% of the kiddos discovered their father... wasn't their genetic father. That must have been an horrible experience for the children/family.
I don't think any state government in the United States is willing to deal with the issues that would come with issuing "genetic documentation". The current birth certificate system is based on finding out who is legally responsible for children... rather then genetically related.
Hmmm.... I need to think about this.
 
AngelaW
The ones that you love the most are usually the ones that hurt you the most. - Unknown
 
I am not obsessed
Submitted by half-orphan on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 15:33.
John, i am not obsessed. Are you obsessed because you write in here all the time? No. You are involved in a topic that involves you and your family. That is not being obsessed.
I am involved in adoption reform because of how my adoption and reunion was mishandled. If there was openness and honesty from the very beginning, there would be still be the issue of sealed and falsified birth records, but at least there would be a more honest and equitable basis for family relationships.
However, if there would have been help for my father to keep his family together after the death of his wife (my mother) there would have been no adoption. That would have been the preferrable solution. My family would still be a family: can't undo the death of our mother and Dad's wife, but keeping the sibling group together with their remaining parent would have been the ethical action to take.
But in 1956, the height of the baby-taking-for-adoption-plan-of-action, no baby was considered safe to be with only one parent. Provide two parents: two are better than one. As a result, I was separated needlessly from my older siblings and our father. If this situation appears today, no adoption agency would purposefully separate an existing sibling group. Why? Because adoption agencies learned from many adults who were separated as children from their siblings. You hear of siblings who were separated during WWII and reunited decades later. Oh, but that type of reunion is much more accepted than adoption-separated siblings.
The standard rehetoric that "we must protect birthmother's confidentiality" has no bearing upon my adoption: my "birth" mother gave birth to me while she was dying from cancer. She did not ever give her permission for me to be relinquished to adoption. There was no illegitmascy, no drug abuse, no prostitution, no sin to be hidden. Mom died 3 months after my birth. And yes, she is my Mom. She is not my birthmother, she is my Mom. Got that?! I hope so.
To relegate any pregnant female at any age --- even age 12 --- to that despicable term of "birthmother" is to completely disrespect the symbiotic relationship of a pregnant mother with her unborn baby. The two grow as one together. That is the way this planet and all its lifeforms have been reproducing and loving for millions of years. If you doubt the feelings between mother and baby, and father and baby, go watch the movie, The March of the Penguins. Look at the love, the natural instinct, both the father and mother penguins have for the unborn inside the egg they pass between them. Look at the love they have for each other, and the newly-hatched baby. This is not "any dog can give birth" as is so callously called out by many people to negate the relationship between mother and infant.
Reunion was mishandled by many people in my reunion. I'm not going into details here. What needs to be stated here is that respect was not given, and I, being the adoptee, suffered the most because I got the brunt of everyone else's hurt feelings. Never mind that I was a high school senior who had three more months of school before final exams and state exams to pass for college entrance. I was a fucking basket case and flunked the majoirty of my exams. Then, I got yelled at for doing so poorly. What part of psychological shock do people not understand? My fucking adoptive parents LIED to me and then YELLED at me because I got a phone call from a sister I did not know existed! My fucking adoptive parents DID NOT EVER WANT ME TO KNOW MY OWN SIBLINGS! That is not love, that is possession! Yelling and screaming continued day after day, week after week. Blame the child-victum of deceipt? Because THEY were found out, THEIR lie was thrown wide open? Might as well say that it is okay for married people to have affairs because no one will find out --- keep the secret and it is okay.
If this scenario happened today, and I had taken this to a school teacher or a guidance counselor, I would be ripped out of my abusive adoptive family home and put in a safe residence. But I was 18, not 17, so I would still suffer. No, today the legal age is 21, so at age 18, under the shock and mental abuse going down in my adoptive home, I would still be protected  by the law. My adoptive parents would be up on substantial abuse charges, and perhaps forced into mandatory counseling themselves.
What happened to me at age 18 should never have happened. What happened in the ensuing weeks, months and years, was certainly abuse, too. I was the target of hate crimes. Why? Because "my father gave me away" that's why! I was being punished because "even your own father can't stand the sight of you"  ---- this was the content of hate mail and hate phone calls and rumors said about me all of my life.
 
And then you, John, claim that I am obsessed? Quite the contrary. I am a social worker who will do everything in my power to make sure no adoptive parents lie to their adoptees again.
 
Uh, you see this happening in other areas of life. Missionaries do their thing in Africa. Mother Theresa did her thing to help the poor. Doctors from America volunteer their time and knowledge to help the sick in poor countries. Doctors get paid over here, but they also devote much of their time to their area of expertise.
Adoption and adoption reform are my area of expertise. 
challenging statements
Submitted by AngelaW on Wed, 06/17/2009 - 19:21.
Short little story on why "all" is a trigger word for me. I am not trying to pick on anyone.
Because of my daughter's ADHD and general anxiety disorder (borderline compulsive), I always challenge Natasha on certain ideas. For example...
From 6 years of age to 11 years of age, Natasha was very afraid that she would get an "F" grade in 7th grade. So any time that she talked about struggling or failing in school, I would challenge her statements. She has FINALLY (doing the happy dance) let this obsessive thought go. It took mucho work for me and Natasha.
Because of Natasha's mental health issues (and she is a teenager), I always challenge her on the use of "all". For example, "Mom all my friends are into Goth. I need new black clothing."
AngelaW
The ones that you love the most are usually the ones that hurt you the most. - Unknown
Stand Corrected
Submitted by John on Wed, 06/17/2009 - 20:30.
Angela, replace 'all' with 'almost all'. 'Always' is almost never true.  Nit pikin point, your statement 'I always challange Natasha...'.  Do you really mean 'I almost always challange ...'?
Roger the 'All my friends are..., so I need...'.  Part of a teenager's way of manipulating the world.
Submitted by AngelaW on Wed, 06/17/2009 - 21:16.
Thanks for the nit picking correction John (snicker).
I should have just settled for... " Try to challenge Natasha". I am trying to drop "any", "most", "all" from my vocabulary as an example... hope that Natasha will stop too. I know it isn't likely, but I am giving it a shot. And I am hearing the phrase "many of friends" now.
When I asked Natasha how many, she defended it by saying that "many" means more then two. She had actually discussed this with her English teacher the prior day.
 
AngelaW
The ones that you love the most are usually the ones that hurt you the most. - Unknown
Thank goodness you misstated something
Submitted by pennagal on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 00:09.
"Wow ladies, there really isn't anything you seem to like about adoption, being adopted, or adoptive parents!  I am impressed,  that is consistency, unforunately, consistency is not always good for you."   John, I posit that it is you who is consistent. You have made up your mind and would rather not be confused by the facts. All this because we won't swallow outrageous statements that have no basis in fact .   Nowhere did I say that I was wronged by adoption. Despite the fact that I (an adoptee) have consistently portrayed my adoption as a positive experience, and Angela W is an adoptive Mom who is clearly happy to be so, John has lumped us together as having nothing good to say about adoption.   He puts words in our mouths or tries to twist our words around. When all else failed, he challenges Angela on saying that she "always" does something in a way that we do when we speak casually. Although he can't possibly know if she is as consistent as he just accused us all of being he jumped on that to divert attention from the weakness of his arguments.   Adopt Author and Michigan Mom are both clearly women who were coerced to surrender a child to adoption; do you really expect them to be cheerleaders for it? They explained that they were not promised confidentiality. I explained the extra-legality of such a promise. We have yet to hear from anyone who says they were promised their child would never know their identity! There's a reason for that. A law professor who I met through my adoption reform work has been collecting surrender documents as part of a research project and so far not a single one indicates any kind of secrecy guarantee for mothers.   Half-Orphan had a difficult relationship with her adoptive mother yet she is caring for her during her final illness. I did the same thing for my adoptive mother. And I can tell you that no one gives up her own life to care for someone 24/7 unless they love her dearly. Yet, John, you have the audacity to hint that we are ungrateful adoptees.  Clearly John wants a fight because many adoptees would respond to that charge with ire.   I caution anyone who gives birth to or who adopts a child expecting gratitude because you stand a good chance of being disappointed. Familiar relationships are not based on gratitude. To expect or demand it is more likely to engender resentment than anything else. I was grateful for my parents and, this may really surprise you, but they were grateful for me.   This discussion began because a simple question about the differences between an OBC and an ABC prompted him to make an unsubstantiated statement about the minority of adoptees who care about this at all. Every child deserves to know the truth of his origins.   If you didn't know before, then you know now, why adoption law in this country is so screwed up. The people who could change it are more affected by bombast than they are by the facts. After 30 years of activism, the irrelevant and extraneous, the tactics designed to make adoptees lose their cool don't work as reliably as they used to. I've heard it all before from people who are desperate to preserve the status quo because they fear the consequences of openness for one reason or another.   It is uncomfortable for adoptive parents to contemplate that their happiness rests on the misfortune of another family, or at least another mother. But it's a fact. And it is gradually coming to light that in John's case, he's seen for himself that some "birth" mothers will go to great lengths to find their children, only those children are now his children. He says the reunions did not go well and we will left to wonder why.      
No, actually not
Submitted by John on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 02:45.
Pen, I did not say the reunions did not go well.  Don't know where you got that.  In each case there was disappointment that Mom still dealt with the same issues (addiction, abusive boy friends) and their lives were not greatly different than when my sons had lived with them.  They were releived that Mom was alive and at least no less functional than before.  The reunions were intitated by my sons, not the birthmom.  The exception was the contact initiated by one of my son's birth sibs, not the Mom.  During a call to the adult sib, she simply handed the phone to Mom with no warning to my son, he had a hard time with that. My son had been removed from that home due to incest.
Pen, if you feel you have consistently portrayed yourself as having a positive adoption experience, covering something that you do not like would surely be impressive to read.
Success
Submitted by AdoptAuthor on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 13:06.
Over the course of 30+ years, i have walked through reunion with a MULTITUDE (read: THOUSANDS - how's that for many?) of adopttes and their original families. Contact was initiated by one or the other - almost equally.
When I am involved pre-reunion - i always tell people two things in preperation:
1. You are doing this in your time frame because you are ready to know. The other, the one being found, contacted, may or may not be ready. It may be a terrible time for them.  They also may have been told many negetaive things about you - true or untrue - and likely have formed some preconcieved noton that has little do with you and who really are. Try not to take rejection personally, and try to be patient for a change of mind after they have had time to digest it all.
2. Set you goal of SUCCESS on finding the truth and you will not be diappointed!
Shame your son did not have similar preprartion or expecations - in particualr #2.  You can still help him to reach this conclusion. The truth may not always be pretty, it seldom is, but it is our truth. Very very few of us - adopted or not - have "ideal" parents or sibs.  I know of no one, actually who does!  They all have their faults, some bigger than others.  But for better or worse, that is the tree we came from and we don;t have to like it, but it's good to KNOW - even to know the WORST! 
And this, John - is te RIGHT of every human being and shoudl not be denied to people who are adopted!!
In England and countries where adoptees have equall acces snot a huge percent attemt contact.  But it is THEIR CHOICE a sit shoudl be!  As for mothers, they too have a choce to say yah or nay if there is a knock on their door.  Adoption spearated do nto nee dspecial laws that apply only to them and keep them s second calss citizens - a suspect class. there are sufficient laws to protect people from harrassment.  And there are no other laws anywhere that protect anyone from LIES and SECRETS. if there were, politicians wouldn't fall from grace so often. BTW - it is politiicians who fear that knock at the door of one of their possible stray bastards that keep records selaed -- not mothers!  Politiitcans and the religions right.
No, I am not saying ALL mothers want opennnss. But 90% have wlecomed their kids back with open arms. Inststaes that offer vetos and such less than 10% have taken advantage of them.  And laws are made to protect the will of the MAJORITY!!
Adoptees are human beings and desrve to be treated equal to all other citizens in this country. Adoptive parents who applaud scerecy should not have adopted and need to get some therapy to deal with their own fears and insecuirites and allow their child to be who he is! He is a child with TWO families! That is his realtiy. If that is hard for either set of his prents to accept that is an added burden for the adoptee, and keeps hm dissociated instead of a fully integrated human being....  Just as for a child in a protracted angry divorce where parents make their child take sides and chose loyalty. Very very unhealthy and very frowned upon by all couts and family therapists. The same is true for kid of adoption. There shoudl be no jealosies or judgments of any of your child's family. That is very unhealthy for him.
 
Yes, actually
Submitted by pennagal on Thu, 06/18/2009 - 12:10.
In my lexicon, disappointment does not equal success. Pardon me for inferring that a disappointing reunion was not successful.
 
My personal experience of adoption was positive. I had great parents and as I have explained, my entire extended adotpive family embraced me and surrounded me with the same sort of love given to my non-adopted cousins. Perhaps I should mention that my mother (my father had passed away by then) embraced my blood relatives when I found them. In fact, it was she who kept me searching when I was ready to give up. She said she wanted to be there for me if we found something upsetting. The only thing that ever upset me was the refusal of state agencies to just give me the factual information I sought.
 
I also had other adopted friends growing up who had good experiences, and one whose experience was so bad that the state eventually removed her from her adoptive parents and put her in foster care to protect her from abuse.
 
But adoption, which is supposed to be about finding a home for a child that needs one, has long since morphed into a profitable industry that procures children for childess couples. The shift in emphasis is profound and the institution of adoption, although well intentioned, is flawed and needs serious reform. Since I became active in trying to bring about that reform, I have learned of many adoption situations that were not positive and I alluded to some of these to support my points. I believe a lack of openness contributed to that.
 
Regardless of how positive a placement might be, creating a family through adoption requires destroying one created by birth. You just can't get around that. This is especially so with infant adoption where babies are removed from their mother within hours or days of the birth. In foster care situations, the family or origin is also destroyed but the motivation, we hope, is to remove children from situations that could damage them emotionally or physically or both. No one can be faulted for rescuing a child from a dangerous situation, even if that danger is presented by his blood relatives.
 
However, not all infants need to be rescued from their birth mothers. One would have to be a very uncaring person not to appreciate how it feels to have a child taken from you. So while I grew up in a happy loving home, my full sibling did not. I don't doubt for a minute that I got the better deal but her situation would have been improved if we had known each other growing up because my parents would have loved her, too. It's so easy to forget that removing a child from their family of origin can and does sever sibling bonds as well.
 
Clearly some people don't think there's anything wrong with ripping a person's history away from them and putting it under lock and key. That part of adoption practice is wrong. Any negative experience I had with adoption came from the state's taking of my rights, not my placement with my adoptive family.
 
Adoption as a phenomenon is not positive or negative although there are certainly elements of both in its practice and application. Everyone has a slightly different experience of adoption, some better than others. To the end that we can make that experience fair for everyone it touches, I continue to advocate for reform. 
 
