Greece: 22.14%
Source: Bloomberg. Data as of 11 October 2011
To set a good example, Germany has even donned the hairshirt itself, promising to eliminate its own modest deficit by 2013.
But here's the problem: Austerity is killing growth throughout Europe.
And with less profits to tax and more dole cheques to write, weak growth makes it even harder for governments to cut their borrowing and repay their debts.
In order to turn the slowing eurozone economy around, the ECB now looks set to slash interest rates from their current 1.5%.
The central bank considered buying up more Italian and Spanish debt, pumping cash into the financial system and easing the pressure on those countries to slash their borrowing.
But this move has always been strongly opposed by German members of the ECB.
Another option to stimulate growth is for the few other countries that markets are still willing to lend to to borrow and spend more, offsetting spending cuts in southern Europe.
Yet for Germany, who can currently borrow at unprecedentedly cheap interest rates, borrowing is anathema.
Discipline vs Solidarity
Germany's view on the eurozone crisis is simple. Southern European governments borrowed recklessly at the cheap interest rates available inside the euro. Now they are being punished by markets, and must learn discipline.
Germany wants other governments to incorporate strict budget rules into their constitutions to stop such recklessness in future.
A 20% unemployment rate helped spark Egyptian-style mass protests in Spain
But rules, with penalties attached, may not be credible. Imposing a fine on an over-indebted government is rather like kicking someone when they are down.
Indeed, just such a "stability pact" of budget rules, insisted on by Germany at the euro's creation, was quickly broken with impunity by Germany itself.
Moreover, the focus on discipline misses a bigger point.
While Germany's view may be apt for Greece - whose government cheated on its borrowing statistics to qualify for the euro in the first place - it is grossly unfair for Spain.
Before the financial crisis, Spain's government had lower debt levels than Germany's, and (unlike Germany) actually spent less than it earned in taxes.
But the country experienced a property bubble that then burst spectacularly, leaving its economy high and dry.
Wages, inflated during the good years, are now uncompetitive, and unemployment has shot up to 20%.
Detroit, in Michigan, has suffered an economic disaster, mitigated by US government money
Yet, inside the euro, Spain cannot devalue to regain a price advantage. Nor can it necessarily expect the ECB to cut interest rates or buy up its debts.
Being put a fiscal straitjacket as well just makes things worse.
Compare this with the US state of Michigan, where the collapse of the US car industry has spelled disaster.
Unlike in Europe, the US has a federal government that can tax other states in order to help out Michigan, by paying for unemployment benefits and rehabilitating the big car companies.
If the euro is to function in the future, economists warn, then a similar system of centralised fiscal transfers will be needed there too.
And in the current crisis, again it is Germany that would foot much of the bill.
Europe vs the Nations
On the face of it, the big political standoff in Europe is one of paymaster Germany versus bankrupt southern Europe.
For German voters, their country's post-War economic miracle was built on a hard currency, prudent finances, and strong exports.
It is hard for German voters to fathom that these very virtues are at the heart of the current crisis.
But Germany has everything to lose if it does not help the south out, and the eurozone unravels.
If the Greeks, Italians and others default on their debts, German and French lenders would be the biggest losers.
As Greece's economy shrinks and shrinks, its people cry out. But can German voters hear them?
If they also leave the euro, it would be a legal and financial disaster for all concerned.
Moreover, German export success for the past decade has been built on the weaker, more competitive exchange rate that came with sharing a currency with southern Europe.
Without the euro, safe haven Germany could expect its currency to shoot up, with devastating consequences for the country's export-driven industry.
Southern Europeans meanwhile would see their currencies plummet outside the euro, leading to rises in inflation and their cost of living as painful as the austerity they are protesting against.
Yet these stark realities are not widely appreciated in Germany or its neighbours.
Because the real problem is that there is nobody who can credibly speak for the common interest of Europe.
Since its inception in the 1950s, the European project has been run and controlled by a club of national governments.
The political process has been one of haggling behind closed doors, with issues presented to electorates as a matter of competing national interests.
But such haggling is dangerous in a financial crisis.
Any solution must be agreed by 17 governments, and ratified by 17 parliaments, an impossibly slow process.
And the longer it takes, the more bitter each dispute risks becoming, and the greater the market's loss of confidence in the euro becomes, undermining Europe's fragile economy.
The European Commission president, Jose Manuel Barroso, has tried to speak for the common interest, pleading for the Commission to take the lead in solving Europe's problems.
But he is a political appointee, and as such, he is easily ignored by national leaders and scarcely noticed by the wider public.
Perhaps, if Mr Barroso were an elected leader, he could guide European public opinion towards a comprehensive solution to the crisis that balanced the interests of the different nations.
But as it is, the European public is very far from understanding the issues, or agreeing to the greater economic and political integration that may be needed to save the euro.
Sadly, this political dilemma is one that may not have a workable solution.
Europe: the plates are shifting – and David Cameron risks being stranded
As Europe is reshaped, both party and country are urging the Prime Minister to seize Britain’s moment.
By Fraser Nelson, Telegraph, 27 Oct 2011
It was not so much the scale of Monday evening’s rebellion that shocked Downing Street, as the composition of the rebels. No 10 had believed it was fighting a battle against the Conservative Party’s old guard, and was preparing to crush them. But of the 81 MPs who defied the whips over an EU referendum, 49 were from the new intake.
There has been so much obsessing about the ethnicity and gender balance of the new Tories that little attention has been paid to their political orientation. They seem rather passionate about politics, and not so worried about their careers. More importantly, their idea of political balance is to have a picture of Thatcher on the wall and Jacques Delors on the dartboard. They are deadly serious about Europe – and all of them can see that the nature of the EU is changing radically.
The deal agreed yesterday, while David Cameron was en route to Australia, fundamentally alters the balance of power. It massively increases the remit of Brussels, enabling it to interfere with nation states’ budgets. The idea of cross-border subsidy, previously verboten, will become a permanent fixture. And since the trillion-euro bail-out fund will probably require Chinese money, it will also require various concessions to Beijing.
The decision to bind the eurozone closer together will not, of course, lead to stability; merely a far greater, more spectacular implosion in coming months. Britain’s chance to renegotiate its EU membership – or withdraw – may come at any point, and David Cameron’s party will want him to be ready.
With each failed bail-out, the stakes grow higher. Angela Merkel is right to warn that peace in Europe cannot be taken for granted – but it is the single currency that is stoking the very tensions it was set up to dispel. Germans dislike seeing their savings used to bail out idle southerners, whose barbers retire at 50 on a full pension. Greeks dislike being ordered around by foreigners. Nazi jokes are making a comeback: Horst Reichenbach, the official in charge of the EU’s “technical assistance” task force, arrived in Athens to find himself dubbed “Third Reichenbach” by the media.
In the good old days, Greece would simply default on its debt: the drachma would hit the floor, and everyone would go there for a cheap holiday – helping export its way to recovery. That’s how economies are supposed to work. But now, Greece is trapped within the eurozone, and being treated with German fiscal medicine. To rub salt in the wound, the bail-out has little to do with saving Greece, and far more with saving the foreign banks that foolishly loaned its government 130 billion euros.
This has, entirely understandably, reawakened old concerns about German strength. In 1997, Martin Feldstein, a Harvard academic, predicted precisely this: that the contradictions within the euro would not just lead to its collapse, but to the return of nationalism. His analysis, dismissed as fantasy at the time, looks dangerously plausible now.
More than ever, the euro is a project beloved of the political classes but resented by the masses. Nowhere is the gap bigger than in Britain. All the main parties say that we benefit from EU membership – but the EU’s own polling suggests that this view is shared by just one in three voters. “That is the difference now,” one Cabinet member tells me. “The centre of gravity in the party is not between status quo and renegotiation. It’s between renegotiation and leaving the EU completely – and the same is true for the public.”
Across the Tory benches, the view is the same: that they are the mainstream, and the Government is on the fringe. On Monday, Cameron saw the extent to which his party is willing to confront him, even over something as trivial as a non-binding motion. As he will know, if he asks his party to approve any deal that does not include the return of substantial powers, he can expect Cabinet resignations.
The centre of gravity among his advisers, too, is shifting. Steve Hilton, his chief strategist, has discovered that a third of the Government’s workload comes from implementing various Brussels initiatives – some of which contradict Whitehall policy. He now believes in either radical renegotiation to a trade-only relationship, or complete withdrawal. Oliver Letwin has reached much the same conclusion, during his now famous strolls in St James’s Park. Both argue that Cameron should at the very least take a Chirac-style approach to the EU, and refuse to implement its more burdensome directives.
That, of course, is anathema to Sir Jeremy Heywood, the permanent secretary at No 10 and soon-to-be-head of the Civil Service. Ever since Cameron began discussions with Whitehall, a year before the election, he has been told that any confrontation with Europe would absorb his first term. He has other advisers, veterans from the Major years, who believe that they have unfinished business with the Eurosceptics. They were the ones who advised him to pick a fight in Parliament last Monday, unaware of just how far the party – and the country – had changed.
One especially significant change is that principle has returned to the Commons. Adam Holloway, who gave up his Government job to vote with the rebels, spoke for many when he talked of “a duty not to rebel against my constituents”. MPs say this sort of thing all the time, but No 10 is starting to realise – with some alarm – that its new crop might actually mean it. “David and George don’t understand how people can sacrifice their career for principle,” says one minister. “For them, their career has been their principle.”
The crunch will likely come sooner than anyone expects. If the eurozone starts to merge tax and spending plans, a two-speed Europe becomes an inevitability. Members with their own currencies will have to decide what relationship they want, and this will require a new treaty. This time last week, Cameron might have believed he could get away with pushing a deal through, and calling it a “tidying-up exercise”. As of Monday night, he knows that will no longer work.
The Prime Minister is discovering – and not before time – that keeping the Coalition together means more than keeping the Lib Dems on side. Indeed, the euro crisis is so deep-rooted that even they have to acknowledge the need for change. Cameron has built his career on being a “moderniser” – but the modernising position, backed up by a sizeable chunk of public opinion, is to change the rules for the better. Indeed, it is hard to talk about tweaking existing treaties when Merkel is telling the German parliament about a “now or never” opportunity to fix the flaws in the eurozone’s architecture.
If Cameron’s choice is between a renegotiated membership, or leaving the EU entirely, he should be able to make common cause with Nick Clegg. No friend of Europe can deny the need for radical reform. Der Spiegel recently put the problem succinctly. The single currency, the magazine said, has not just pitted north against south, but political elites against the people they purport to represent. Last week, Tory MPs made clear where their loyalties lie. Cameron must now either defend the old order, or negotiate a settlement that the British public will accept. The Prime Minister may not want this battle, but it is one he has no choice but to fight.
Fraser Nelson is Editor of 'The Spectator’
 
How Britain's Economy can Grow Apart from Europe and Prosper
Senior Conservative backbencher Bernard Jenkin sets out why the Government must take back power from Brussels
By Bernard Jenkin, Telegraph, 23 Oct 2011
Behind the current furore over Britain's relationship with Europe lies the most vexed question facing the Government: how can we promote economic growth?
Without it, the Chancellor's deficit reduction strategy, the very raison d'être of the Coalition, will fail.There is no scope for substantial tax cuts or yet more borrowing. "Quantitative easing" – printing money – is not only not working, but will stoke inflation.
The only option is supply-side reform to boost competitiveness: and deregulation is free, since cutting back laws and bureaucracy actually saves taxpayers money. Yet the British economy is increasingly hobbled by a massive burden of regulation, most of which originates in the European Union.
The British Chambers of Commerce calculate that the cost of additional EU regulation introduced between 1998 and 2010 is a staggering £60.75 billion. The working time directive alone costs £1.8 billion per year.
This falls not just on business, but public services: that single measure costs the NHS £300 million per year. And the burden is growing.
The new Agency Workers Directive, opposed by the Coalition, will cost another £1.8 billion a year, jeopardising 28,000 temporary employment contracts for those aged between 16 and 24.
These regulations are one of the main reasons that the UK has fallen from 7th to 12th in the World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Report.
They are why a majority of chief executives now think that the costs of EU regulation outweigh the benefits of the single market.
And that's before considering the direct costs: the UK's net contribution to the EU has risen from £3 billion in 2008/9 to £9.2 billion in 2010/11. This that means our subsidy to our wealthy partners far exceeds the aid budget. It is also more than a quarter of the defence budget and 40 times that of the BBC World Service.
Now, the regulators are moving into new areas crucial to the UK economy.
The EU is the worst possible body to regulate the City of London, driven as its officials are by an antipathy to "Anglo-Saxon capitalism" and a misplaced desire to promote Paris, Bonn and Frankfurt at the expense of London.
This is also a major motive behind the proposed tax on financial transactions. The EU is even moving in on the UK's highly successful defence industries, with a Defence and Security Procurement Directive aiming to establish "a truly European defence market".
To use a familiar phrase, "we cannot go on like this". Disillusionment with the EU is growing apace. The polls consistently show that few want European government.
That's why we are having a backbench debate tomorrow, on a motion that asks the Government to offer the British people not just an in-or-out referendum, but a chance to express their desire for significant powers to be repatriated.
As the eurozone crisis gathers pace, and the EU lunges toward some ill-defined fiscal union to try to stem it, even John Major is now arguing that the UK should use this opportunity to take powers back from the EU.
Fiscal union among the 17 euro members, without recourse to the usual process of EU treaty amendment, will change the political and constitutional character of the EU beyond recognition – the dynamic of decision-making will be transformed, with any vestige or memory of "the veto" evaporating.
If we miss this chance to retrieve control over our own laws, in order to start to restore our growth and competitiveness, we may never have such a chance again.
What powers should we take back, and how? It is all very well to point to specific areas that could be improved – but successive attempts to promote deregulation and competitiveness within the EU have always failed.
Youth unemployment across the EU stands at 20.5 per cent – and the UK is now above the average. David Cameron could object to the Control of Substances Hazardous to Work Regulations, which lead to safety warnings on school highlighter pens – but even if they are repealed, the creeping march of EU regulation will continue on a hundred other fronts.
What Britain needs is not to present a laundry list of demands, but to seek a fundamental change in our relationship with our EU partners, based on the basic democratic principle that those passing laws should be accountable to those affected by them.
At this week's EU summit, the British Government should be tabling the outline of this new settlement: one in which Parliament, and not the institutions of the EU, determines the nature and extent of the UK's legal and political integration into the EU. And as good Europeans, we should insist that this template be made available to any member state. This would be leading in Europe, instead of slavishly following.
Of course, other EU governments will be hostile. They are still in denial about how wrong they are about the euro and over-regulation.
The core states may refuse to negotiate. But the UK should make it clear that Parliament remains sovereign, and Parliament is free to amend the 1972 Act that gives legal effect to the terms of our EU membership. When they accuse us of threatening to breach our EU obligations, we should point to those who breached the Maastricht limits on annual deficits. The whole of the EU is now breaching of the infamous "no bail-out" provision – the first rescue fund is even based on a treaty article concerning natural disasters.
Switzerland, Norway, Turkey, Iceland have each set different and useful precedents for a new kind of relationship with the EU, one that need not adversely affect our trading position within it. Such a transformation of our position is in the national interest – and no true European should insist that shackling the UK to un-competitiveness is in the European interest.
A new deal with the EU, backed by a referendum, could be the foundation of a new, positive relationship with our EU partners. And David Cameron should point out that this would be in the interests of our Coalition partners too. Do the Lib Dems want to go down in history as the euro-Luddites, so dogmatically wedded to integration that they bring down the Government? That would be party dogma over national interest. At such a moment, the Prime Minister has to insist that the national interest – and the health of our economy – comes first.
Bernard Jenkin is Conservative MP for Harwich and North Essex and chairman of the Public Administration Select Committee
 
Budget Scandal the European Parliament tried to keep Secret
The European Parliament’s £1.5 billion budget is beset by the abuse of staff perks and expenses, nepotism and the wasting of taxpayers’ money, according to secret internal audits obtained by The Daily Telegraph.
By Bruno Waterfield, Brussels; Telegraph 20 Oct 2011
A series of reports by the parliament’s internal auditor found that significant breaches of the rules were common among the 7,000 unelected officials who work for the EU’s assembly.
Staff are allowed to authorise their own expenses and pay allowances to family members, despite the auditor warning of the risk of “conflicts of interest”.
The reports, covering three years, identify instances of officials being given double payments or allowances to which they are not entitled.
Officials are failing to secure the best value for money for taxpayers when awarding contracts, while extensive funds are being given to the assembly’s political parties without any proper audit of how it is being spent, according to the reports.
Despite these findings, the audits have been kept secret from most MEPs, allowing the abuses to continue unchecked.
Only 14 senior MEPs, who make a committee known as the “bureau”, which administers the assembly, have seen the reports. They have been required to sign a confidentiality clause barring them from disclosing the problems.
The three most recent completed reports, covering 2007, 2008 and 2009, have now been released to this newspaper following the threat of legal action and the intervention of senior MEPs who believed they should be made public.
Klaus Welle, the parliament’s secretary-general, tried to block the release by arguing that public exposure of the audits would “disrupt decision-making”.
But Diana Wallis, a Liberal Democrat member of the bureau, said openness would help MEPs to improve the working of the parliament.
“We had had plenty of time to look at the internal audit report and implement recommendations, and therefore I believe that we had to ensure that these documents were released,” she said.
According to senior officials, the auditor, a British accountant named Robert Galvin, has repeatedly written to Mr Welle and the bureau expressing his concerns. His reports disclose that “critical actions” needed to fix the problems have either been ignored or implemented too slowly.
Mr Galvin found persistent problems with how “personal entitlements” and perks, which were worth £81 million in 2006, were paid to civil servants. In 2008 the auditor identified “several areas of considerable risk”.
According to the auditor, administrative staff have been paying expenses to themselves or relations with other officials getting double payment or getting allowances they were not entitled to.
“Personnel [need to] raise awareness of its file managers of the risks of conflicts of interest and to instruct them never to handle their own or their relative’s personal file,” he warned.
The reports found “critical” irregularities and conflicts of interest concerning procurement contracts worth more than £600 million a year.
Even in the department of the parliament’s president, the auditor found “significant” and “materialised” problems with procurement and contracts.
There have been persistent rumours of nepotism in the department, which is run by Francesca Ratti, the parliament’s deputy secretary-general. The auditor noted that officials must in future “avoid inappropriate treatment of selection and exclusion criteria”.
In the parliament’s finance department, which has a budget of £298 million, the auditor found a “lack of assurance that the best value for money is obtained” and “ineffective” controls over contracts. The latest audit, from July this year, noted that the department had not replied to the auditor’s concerns.
“Systemic” problems were identified in the information and logistics department, which has a budget of £158 million.
Audits also found that political parties were given funds even though they had refused to abide by the rules.
The cash is paid without proof of “eligibility of costs” or any proper audit checks that the money is spent properly. In 2006, three EU political parties, which can receive subsidies of more than £5 million a year, refused to “disclose fully their sources of funding” in breach of the rules.
Martin Callanan, the leader of the Tories in the parliament, said: “It is appalling that these activities were kept secret for so long. Instead of addressing the problem, the authorities tried to stifle publication. The Telegraph is to be congratulated for its persistence in bringing this information to light,” he said.
Marta Andreasen, the former whistle-blowing chief accountant at the European Commission and a member of the parliament’s budgetary control committee, said: “The parliament’s bureaucracy operates with a total lack of transparency, which is how it gets away with these irregularities.”
David Lidington, the minister for Europe said: “Clearly, reports such as these are worrying and further emphasise the need for increased transparency across all EU institutional budgets.”
A European Parliament spokesman said: “The very aim of these reports is to improve the parliament’s management by identifying risks and weaknesses. The auditor makes recommendations to the management, which are then carried out and followed up again by the auditor, as the internal auditor points out himself.”
European Parliament's budget by numbers
By Bruno Waterfield, Telegraph, Brussels, 20 Oct 2011
£5.7 billion: This is the amount that the European Parliament will demand next week in extra spending for next year's EU budget, an increase of 5.23 per cent and an extra bill for British taxpayers of £834 million.
5,000: This is the number of European Parliament officials who are given an "unfair financial advantage" over other EU officials with a promotion perk worth up £17,000 each a year despite a Brussels watchdog ruling that the payments are "serious instance of maladministration".
£67 million: The amount that the European Parliament's 736 MEPs can collectively claim this year in "daily subsistence" and "general expenditure" expenses without having to provide any receipts or proof of expenditure.
£150 million: The annual cost of moving the entire EU parliament hundreds of miles from Brussels to Strasbourg for a plenary sitting once a month as a symbol of Franco-German reconciliation, at a cost to the British taxpayer of £22 million.
£26 million: The cost of giving bigger offices to MEPs that will only be used an average of one day a week in the EU assembly's Strasbourg seat.
£90 million: The European House of History, to be built by 2014 by MEPs, despite a continuing argument over fundamental historical events, such as what happened during the Second World War. DG INLO, the department in charge of the project has "critical" problems according to the parliament's auditor.
£15.5 million: The cost of a "parlamentarium" visitors' centre with a 360 degree projection of the EU assembly's debating chamber, including a 2.5 hour role-play game for secondary school pupils, using the latest computer technology and contributions from over 400 actors to create a virtual world experience of life as an MEP.
£8 million: The annual cost of EuroparlTV, a television channel, which highlights the work of MEPs, and has only 830 daily viewers, less than 10 per cent of the 9,000 people working in the parliament every day.
UK economy brought to grinding halt by euro crisis
British taxpayers may be dragged into a rescue package for the eurozone after a leading forecaster warned that the crisis has brought this country’s economy “grinding to a halt”.
By Robert Winnett, Deputy Political Editor, Telegraph, 17 Oct 2011
The Ernst & Young ITEM Club, which uses the Treasury’s forecasting models, warns today that the economic situation is “worse than we thought”.
It concludes that the “bright spots” in Britain’s economic recovery have “dimmed to a flicker” because of the ongoing crisis in the single currency.
George Osborne, the Chancellor, and Tim Geithner, the US Treasury Secretary, are becoming increasingly exasperated at the lacklustre response of European leaders to the ongoing single currency crisis.
Europe is expected to finalise plans for a two-trillion euro bailout for the single currency area over the next week. However, there are growing fears that the package will fall short. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is expected to be asked to help shore up Italy and Spain, if this becomes necessary – a move which could lead to British taxpayers facing a multi-billion pound bill.
The euro turmoil has led to the respected Ernst & Young ITEM Club cutting by almost fifty percent its prediction for British economic growth in 2011 since the summer. It is now expecting the economy will grow by just 0.9 percent this year, signalling almost zero growth before the end of the year.
The forecaster also warned that the recent announcement from the Bank of England that it as adding another £75 billion of quantitative easing was unlikely to help restore Britain’s recovery. It recommends that the Bank should consider cutting interest rates from 0.5 percent to 0.25 percent.
Last night, Peter Spencer, the chief economic advisor to the Ernst & Young ITEM Club, said: “It’s worse than we thought. The bright spots in our forecast three months ago - business investment and exports - have dimmed to a flicker as uncertainty around Greece and the stability of the Eurozone increases.
“With the UK recovery grinding to a halt, new measures are now needed to help stimulate growth. We think there is scope for targeted tax relief and spending measures to help put us back on track.”
The ITEM Club also forecasts that the UK’s unemployment rate will increase to 2.7 million people by the spring of 2013.
Mr Spencer said: “With the public sector cuts starting to feed through in the UK, it’s vital that the private sector labour market continues to stay afloat.”
He added: “The housing market is an important driver of the construction industry and consumer spending. Cutting stamp duty, particularly for first time buyers would, in our view, be money well spent.”
Finance ministers from across the G20 spent the weekend in Paris discussing the eurozone crisis. European leaders will meet on Sunday for a summit which is expected to agree a continent-wide rescue package worth up to two trillion euros.
The scheme is expected to unveil new help for Greece, which may be allowed to technically go bankrupt and default on some of its debts. Many European banks will also be offered state money to shore up their balance sheets.
However, there are concerns that the scheme will not go far enough and that the European Central Bank will not pay a central role.
Mr Geithner, the US Treasury Secretary, said: “They clearly have more work to do. It’s all in the details.
“In financial crises, it is more risky to act gradually and incrementally than to act with bold force.”
However, he added that he thought that European leaders had now recognised it was in their interests to resolve the crisis.
“Even though the world has a big stake in Europe doing this effectively, Europe itself has the strongest interest,” he said.
“I think they’ve come to recognise that, if you underdo it, it’s going to be more expensive.”
However, European leaders are poised to ask the International Monetary Fund to offer temporary loans to countries such as Italy and Spain to bypass the financial markets.
Until now, the IMF has funded about a third of the bailouts of Greece, Ireland and Portugal. But, helping single currency countries to stop the contagion spreading, may require a broader use of resources that would go far beyond the IMF’s traditional role of providing rescue loans to cash-strapped governments.
“What has been asked of us is instruments that are more flexible, more short term, that allow countries in good economic health but in difficulty to [borrow],” Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the IMF, said.
She said that world leaders would consider the new scheme at a summit in Cannes, France, early next month. The new borrowing scheme may also be useful to developing world countries concerned that the impact of the eurozone crisis may spread globally as banks are more wary about lending to governments.
Mr Osborne has said that he is opposed to the use of IMF funds specifically to bailout the eurozone. Britain will not be involved in the EU bailout for the single currency.
However, he has indicated that Britain may be prepared to help underwrite an IMF scheme available to all countries.
Mrs Lagarde has previously said that the IMF’s financing may have to double to almost eight hundred billion dollars – a move which would increase Britain’s liability by about £20 billion.
The Chancellor said: “We are supporters of the IMF; we’re members of the IMF. And there’s a debate about whether it needs more resources, but that is separate from the Eurozone having to stump up money for its own bailout funds.
“And we’ve been very clear here, as have other countries round the world, that building up the IMF resources should be for the whole of the world not just for the Eurozone, and so they are distinct issues. And certainly we would not support IMF resources that were only targeted at one continent or one group of countries, like the Eurozone.”
MPs could vote on EU referendum within weeks
A vote by MPs on whether the UK should pull out of the EU could be held within weeks piling huge pressure on David Cameron, it emerged yesterday.
By Tom Whitehead, Home Affairs Editor, Telegraph, 17 Oct 2011
A powerful parliamentary committee is expected to confirm plans for a Commons debate on an EU referendum when it meets tomorrow and could set a date for it within the next three weeks.
The historic move would be the first time MPs have debated the issue for a generation and many Tories on the right of the party want to break ties with Brussels.
A vote in favour of holding a referendum would not be binding on the Prime Minister but he would be under intense pressure not to ignore the will of parliament.
William Hague, the Foreign Secretary, is said to have told a meeting of influential Tory backbenchers last week that the public mood on Europe is at its most “hostile” ever.
Yesterday he added that people were "very disillusioned" over Europe, a feeling compounded by "excessive regulation" and "unnecessary interference into daily life".
It came as a think tank report today warned membership of the EU is “damaging Britain’s economic recovery and sapping job growth”.
Mr Cameron is keen to claw some powers back from Europe but does not want a referendum, which would also put huge tension on the Coalition with Liberal Democrats mainly in favour of EU membership.
The Commons Backbench Business Committee, which can schedule at least 27 debates in the Commons in any parliamentary session, meets tomorrow and is expected to demand a debate on the EU.
One committee source said: “It is almost certain that there will be a debate on this issue and it will be a case of which date is available.”
It could force Mr Cameron to order MPs to vote against any call for a referendum.
One party source yesterday said: “Cameron will move heaven and earth to stop this.
“The last thing he wants is a Commons vote demanding a referendum.
“He can ignore Tory Euro-sceptics banging on about this but ignoring a Commons vote is another matter.”
At a private meeting of the Tories’ 1922 backbench committee last week, Mr Hague is understood to have told MPs the mood of the nation was more hostile to Europe than at any other points since 1973.
Yesterday Mr Hague Mr Hague told BBC Radio 4's The World This Weekend people were "very disillusioned" over Europe, saying: "The eurozone crisis has added to that."
He said "excessive regulation" and "unnecessary interference into daily life" from Brussels' institutions compounded the feeling.
But he also warned there was no "immediate prospect" of repatriating powers from the EU.
The Government's priority had to be ensuring the eurozone was stabilised without damaging Britain's interests, he said.
A report for the think tank Civitas today calls on Britain to plan an “exit strategy from a failing EU”.
The study, Time to Say No, said it is possible to break with the EU without breaking with Europe itself.
It concluded that the EU is in “ long-term structural demographic and economic decline” and that it is “damaging Britain's economic recovery and sapping job growth”.
The report sets out a timetable for an orderly withdrawal from the EU including holding a referendum in 2014.
After receiving the mandate to return to full sovereignty, it says, the British Government would gradually reduce its contributions to the EU budget over a 24-month period.
Eurozone teeters on the verge of a 'euroquake' if Greek default is bungled
More than one in three international investors expect a global economic meltdown within the next 12 months, according to a new Bloomberg poll. Far more - almost 70pc - say the world economy is deteriorating, up from just 18pc four months ago.
By Liam Halligan, Sunday Telegraph, 1 Oct 2011
At the heart of the gloom, of course, is the eurozone, with 90pc of those surveyed judging that the economy of the single currency area is getting worse. One wonders what planet the other 10pc are on.
The eurozone is clearly sliding. The European Commission's economic sentiment indicator fell to 95 in September, from 98.4 the month before, plunging at a rate not seen since the Lehman Brothers collapse. German retail sales dropped faster in August than at any time since May 2007.
This grim prognosis, though, is set against a more hideous backdrop – the danger of a "euro-quake". Greece will default. The only question is how the default is managed – indeed, if it is managed at all.
A bungled Greek payment failure will spark "contagion", as spooked creditors pull the plug on some big eurozone government, leading to non-payment of wages and benefits, serious social unrest, and a single currency break-up.
We face the very real prospect of a major economic shock, the negative impact of which will be felt around the world.
"The operational viability of the single currency won't be known until the system is tested by a serious downturn and that moment may come soon," this column warned in December 2007, as the credit crunch began to loom. "The ultimate victim of this sub-prime crisis could be nothing less than the single currency's existence."
When these words were written, many in Europe were feeling quite pleased with themselves. "Sub-prime" was America's problem, caused by American excess. The eurozone would majestically sail on.
So as the 2008 meltdown came into view, those of us who observed that "every currency union in the history of man has broken up, unless, like the US and UK, it has been preceded by generations of political union, and held together with a federal tax system" continued to be dismissed as "mad", "xenophonic" and "anti-European".
I recall these writings not to be smug. I recall them because those who've ignored all previous warnings, waving them away by attacking the character of those making them, remain in charge of rescuing Europe from this mess. And they still don't get it.
Far from feeling humbled, or contrite that their incoherent currency union is on the verge of disaster - a disaster which could trigger another global slump when we've yet to recover from the last one - the eurozone's architects remain in denial, continuing to question the integrity of those who advocate straight-forward common sense.
Common sense now tells us that any "short-term fix" for the eurozone will do nothing to address the basic incompatibilities which have been there since monetary union began. Yet all the current proposals are just that, "extend and pretend" efforts to buy time in the hope that the single currency's inherent contradictions will disappear given the requisite "political will".
Many investors, too, have convinced themselves a quick and easy solution can be found, if only Europe "shows leadership" and governments "act decisively". Equities rallied last Tuesday on leaked reports that a new, more powerful bail-out was near. That rally fizzled out Wednesday, when doubts emerged over the terms of the money Greece would receive.
Then, on Thursday, another rally, after the German Parliament approved Europe's latest rescue package, a €450bn fund designed to keep the crisis from spreading beyond Greece and Portugal to "core" eurozone countries.
Such euphoria was based on nothing more than blind hope and desperation, namely the impending end of the third quarter, with traders determined to make their accounts look good, or less bad, in a bid to secure pre-Christmas bonuses.
Already, reality is once-again breaking through. For Thursday's vote was on a package put together back in July, empowering the European Financial Stability Fund to buy bonds pre-emptively and recapitalise banks, but up to a limit that now looks paltry.
In the intervening months, the global downturn has sent debt and interest-payment trajectories rocketing. Spanish and Italian 10-year yields have been pushed above 6pc.
The EFSF that Germany just approved was inadequate in July and, in financial terms, now looks irrelevant. So, Germany goes through a massive political palpitation, agreeing to "this far and no further" measures after months of heated deliberation, resignations and constitutional court cases and all the package delivers is a mediocre half-day rally in a market desperate to hear good news.
To have any hope of covering the financing needs of Spain and Italy, the EFSF would need to be at least five times bigger than that just approved by Germany. This is basic arithmetic – and assumes, heroically in a rapidly escalating crisis, that sovereign yields stay where they are.
Anyone who thinks a pooled tax facility of that size is possible not only doesn't understand the first thing about German politics, but doesn't understand politics at all.
Europe's policy-making "elite" wants a fully-blown fiscal union and sees this crisis as a way to get there. It is simply not going to happen, because almost no-one outside of the Brussels salons, or the broader EU establishment, wants it. That is the fundamental truth that must be spoken, repeatedly, to power – whatever offence is now caused. Because this currency union experiment, essentially an exercise in bureaucratic megalomania and hubristic nation-building, is about to do serious damage that extends way beyond Europe.
A smaller, stronger eurozone might work. For a while. If everyone sticks to the rules. Not that they will in the long-term, of course, because local electorates always take precedence. That's how democracy works. But if the weaker, peripheral nations are now stripped-out, as their electorates want, the euro being reduced to a Franco-German rump, that would provide Europe with a 3-5 year pause for breath, allowing the global economy to recover, before the single currency is consigned, finally and irrevocably, to the dustbin of history.
The EFSF was, anyway, never the "final solution". Proposals are now on the table for the European Central Bank to "lever up its assets to buy up troubled government debt from the financial system". This is a euphemism for "quantitative easing", with mainland Europe following the US and UK down the road of massive virtual money-printing.
So the ECB will bail-out bankrupt governments which, in turn, have bailed-out bankrupt banks. Writing-down debts? Too difficult. Restructuring banks? Er, no. The outcome, of course, will be inflation - fine for some savvy investors, but ghastly for ordinary people who have worked hard, saved, and tried to provide a dignified life for their families.
Those who deny that QE is inflationary tend to be those who said the eurozone could never break-up. Do these people ever read history? Inflation was how the Western world addressed its massive sovereign debts when they were last at today's grotesque levels, after both the First and Second World Wars, albeit those debts were incurred for a rather more honorable purpose.
Inflation will be our response to today's debts too – the debts of pure indulgence. It just goes to show, for all the technological advances of the last century, how little true progress we've made.
Liam Halligan is chief economist at Prosperity Capital Management .
The Great Euro Swindle
Very rarely in political history has any faction or movement enjoyed such a complete and crushing victory as the Conservative Eurosceptics.
By Peter Oborne and Frances Weaver, Telegraph, 22 Sep 2011
The field is theirs. They were not merely right about the single currency, the greatest economic issue of our age – they were right for the right reasons. They foresaw with lucid, prophetic accuracy exactly how and why the euro would bring with it financial devastation and social collapse
Meanwhile, the pro-Europeans find themselves in the same situation as appeasers in 1940, or communists after the fall of the Berlin Wall. They are utterly busted. Let's examine the case of the Financial Times, which claims to be Britain's premier economic publication. About 25 years ago something went wrong with the FT. It ceased to be the dry, rigorous journal of economic record so respected under its great postwar editor Sir Gordon Newton.
Turning its back on its readers, it was captured by a clique of left-wing journalists. An early sign that something was going wrong came when the FT came out against the Falklands invasion. Naturally it supported Britain's entry to the Exchange Rate Mechanism in 1990. In 1992, it endorsed Neil Kinnock as prime minister. It has been wrong on every single major economic judgment over the past quarter century.
The central historical error of the modern Financial Times concerns the euro. The FT flung itself headlong into the pro-euro camp, embracing the cause with an almost religious passion. Doubts were dismissed. Here is the paper's Lex column on January 8, 2001, on the subject of Greek entry to the eurozone: "With Greece now trading in euros," reflected Lex, "few will mourn the death of the drachma. Membership of the eurozone offers the prospect of long-term economic stability." The FT offered a similarly warm welcome to Ireland.
The paper waged a vendetta against those who warned that the euro would not work. Its chief political columnist, Philip Stephens, consistently mocked the Eurosceptics. "Immaturity is the kind explanation," sneered Stephens as Tory leader William Hague came out against the single currency.
Even as late as May 2008, when the fatal booms in Ireland and elsewhere were very obviously beginning to falter, the paper retained its faith: "European monetary union is a bumble bee that has taken flight," asserted the newspaper's leader column. "However improbable the celestial design, it has succeeded in real life." For a paper with pretensions to authority in financial matters, its coverage of the single currency can be regarded as nothing short of a disaster.
Just as bad was the CBI, whose claims to represent British industry have always been dubious at best. By the mid-1990s a small clique of large corporations were firmly in control, and they had the director general they wanted in Adair (now Lord) Turner, later to become chairman of the disastrous Financial Services Authority. Few pieces of conventional wisdom are ever too conventional for Lord Turner. His corporate bosses (Niall FitzGerald of Unilever, David Simon of BP, British Airways' Colin Marshall) claimed an overwhelming majority of British businessmen backed the single currency – a vital propaganda tool for pro-euro campaigners. The figures used to support these claims were, however, very flimsy: they could only be sustained by ignoring the views of small businessmen. In due course they were exposed.
Now let's turn to the BBC. In our Centre for Policy Studies pamphlet, Guilty Men, we expose in detail how the BBC betrayed its charter commitment and became a partisan player in a great national debate – all the more insidious because of its pretence at neutrality.
For example, in the nine weeks leading to July 21, 2000, when the argument over the euro was at its height, the Today programme featured 121 speakers on the topic. Some 87 were pro-euro compared with 34 who were anti. BBC broadcasters tended to present the pro-euro position itself as centre ground, thus defining even moderately Eurosceptic voices as extreme.
But this was not the worst of the unfairness. The Eurosceptics were too rarely given time to state their reasons for favouring sterling. Their position was too often covered through a paradigm of deep, "explosive" splits within the Conservative Party rather than the merits of the policy argument. Again and again the BBC led its news coverage on scare stories that failure to join the euro would lead to economic or industrial disaster. When those reports turned out to be false, it failed to correct them. In fact Britain was enjoying record levels of foreign investment: but when Office for National Statistics figures showed this, the BBC made very little of it.
As Rod Liddle, then editor of the Radio 4's Today programme, said: "The whole ethos of the BBC and all the staff was that Eurosceptics were xenophobes." He recalls one meeting with a senior BBC figure over Eurosceptic complaints of bias. "Rod, the thing you have to understand is these people are mad. They are mad."
In truth the Eurosceptics were only too sane. Margaret Thatcher, John Redwood, David Owen, William Hague and Bill Cash were mocked. But they grasped the problems the euro would bring. Speaking in the House of Commons in 1936, Winston Churchill said: "The use of recriminating about the past is to enforce effective action at the present." So what should we learn from the argument over the euro?
First, we should cherish that British trait, eccentricity. Study of the public discourse at the height of the euro debate shows how often pro-euro propagandists isolated their critics by labelling them cranks. Take Observer columnist Andrew Rawnsley's column on January 31, 1999: "On the pro-euro side, a grand coalition of business, the unions and the substantial, sane, front rank political figures. On the other side, a menagerie of has-beens, never-have-beens and loony tunes."
Most of Rawnsley's "sane" political figures came together 12 years ago at the launch of the Britain in Europe campaign to take us into the euro – Tony Blair, Peter Mandelson, Michael Heseltine, Ken Clarke, Charles Kennedy, Danny Alexander. So here's another lesson: be wary of cross-party alliances. Again and again, it is the lonely, cussed figures who stand outside the establishment orthodoxy who are vindicated over time.
One urgent lesson concerns the BBC. The corporation's twisted coverage of the EU is a serious problem, because the economic collapse of the eurozone means a new treaty may be needed very soon.
The problem is that the BBC cannot be trusted not to become part of a partisan propaganda operation: just look at the membership of the BBC Trust. Both its chairman, Lord Patten, and the vice-chairman, Diane Coyle, took a heavily partisan position in the euro debate.
The facts concerning Lord Patten are well known, but we have unearthed very troubling evidence of bias concerning Ms Coyle as economics writer for the Independent 10 years ago. Take this: "The defenders of sterling are, in the main, a group of elderly men with more stake in their past than in our future. They clothe their gut anti-Europeanism and Little Englandism in the language of rational economic argument."
Of course Ms Coyle is welcome to voice whatever insulting assumptions she wants about the motivations of Eurosceptics – but they call into question her membership of the BBC Trust. Finally, it remains essential for our democracy that the pro-euro point of view should be heard. But first of all the euro supporters need to tell us why they tried to put Britain on the calamitous path of joining the single currency. Let's consider the remark made by Danny Alexander, Chief Secretary to the Treasury, that those he labelled as anti-European isolationists or nationalists were "enemies of growth".
For five years Mr Alexander ran the pro-euro campaign, and had he had his way would have steered Britain directly to economic catastrophe. How dare he denounce Eurosceptics in this way? It's way past time for the pro-euro supporters to be called to account.
Guilty Men by Peter Oborne and Frances Weaver will soon be published by the Centre for Policy Studies with a foreword by Peter Jay. Frances Weaver is a freelance writer and researcher.
The edited article is taken from the latest edition of The Spectator, published on 22 September
LABOUR REBELS UNITE WITH TORIES TO FORCE VOTE ON QUITTING EU
Support was mounting for Britain to leave the EU last night
By Martyn Brown, Daily Express, September 19,2011
SUPPORT was mounting yesterday for Britain to leave the EU as Labour backbenchers joined forces with Tory MPs to urge the Government to pull back from "occupying" Europe.
A powerful cross-party anti-Brussels coalition of MPs plans to put unprecedented pressure on David Cameron as the eurozone crisis deepens.
Around 50 Labour MPs are set to side with a new group of 120 Conservative eurosceptics who met last week to push the Prime Minister to leave the European Union altogether.
The group, spearheaded by Tory MP George Eustice, wants Mr Cameron to set out a "clear plan" for pulling back from Europe. "This issue is now far too important to sweep under the carpet," he said. "The crisis in the eurozone requires all three parties to work together to negotiate a new relationship between Britain and the EU."
Conservative backbencher Mark Pritchard, secretary of the Tory 1922 Committee, accused Mr Cameron of failing to honour his promise for a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty. The senior Tory called for a vote on whether Britain should have a "trade only" relationship rather than political union with Europe.
He said: "Conservative MPs will not continue to write blank cheques for workers in Lisbon while people in London and Leicester are joining the dole queue.
The EU has already become a kind of occupying force, setting unfamiliar rules, demanding levies, curbing freedoms, subverting our culture, and imposing alien taxes."
Labour MP John Cryer said: "There are a lot of Labour MPs who didn't want to join the single currency who feel the same way about the EU as a whole."
Labour's eurosceptic ranks include former Ministers such as Frank Field, Kate Hoey and Gisela Stuart, as well as prominent backbenchers Ronnie Campbell, Graham Stringer and Austin Mitchell. The hopes of anti-EU MPs have been boosted by a 100,000-name petition calling for a vote on EU membership which was delivered to Downing Street this month.
The Daily Express's petition, demanding a referendum on the UK's membership of the EU, has already crashed through the 30,000 mark.
To sign up to our petition calling for a referendum on EU membership go to express.co.uk/referendum and you will be taken to the Government e-petition site.
Tory MPs demand referendum on Europe
David Cameron must call a referendum on Europe or face a rebellion from his own party and a backlash from voters, a leading back-bench Tory warns today.
By Andrew Porter, Political Editor, Telegraph, 18 Sep 2011
Mark Pritchard, the secretary of the 1922 committee of Conservative MPs, is the most senior Tory yet to demand a vote on Britain’s membership of the European Union following the eurozone crisis.
Writing in The Daily Telegraph, Mr Pritchard says that the EU has become an “occupying force” which is eroding British sovereignty and that the “unquestioning support” of backbenchers is no longer guaranteed.
He says the Government should hold a referendum next year on whether Britain should have a “trade only” relationship with the EU, rather than the political union which has evolved “by stealth”.
He warns that the Conservatives will see constituents “kick back” if taxpayers are forced to foot the bill for the failure of “unreformed and lazy” eurozone countries to introduce fully-fledged austerity measures.
Mr Pritchard is a leading figure in a group of 120 Conservative MPs who are pushing the Prime Minister to set out a “clear plan” for pulling back from Europe.
George Eustice, a backbench MP and former close aide to Mr Cameron, is also demanding a “new relationship” with the EU.
William Hague, the Foreign Secretary, recently threw his weight behind the Eurosceptics by saying that Britain might prosper by loosening its ties with Europe.
Mr Pritchard’s intervention will further increase tensions within the Coalition.
In a clear warning to Mr Cameron, Mr Pritchard says Tory MPs have become tired of tolerating the “Europhile views” of Liberal Democrat ministers.
He writes: “Conservative backbenches can no longer be taken for granted.
''Conservative MPs will not continue to write blank cheques for workers in Lisbon while people in London and Leicester are joining the dole queue.
“For many Britons, the EU has already become a kind of occupying force, setting unfamiliar rules, demanding levies, curbing freedoms, subverting our culture, and imposing alien taxes.
''In less than four decades, and without a single shot being fired, Britain has become enslaved to Europe — servitude that intrudes and impinges on millions of British lives every day.
“Brussels has become a burdensome yoke, disfiguring Britain’s independence and diluting her sovereignty.”
Mr Pritchard accuses Mr Cameron of failing to honour a “guarantee” to hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty.
He says: “The Coalition should agree to a referendum on Europe asking whether Britain should be part of a political union or of the trade-only relationship we thought we had signed up to.
“This is a moderate proposition that would attract voters from across the political spectrum, unite many on the Left and Right within Parliament and galvanise the support of most in the media.” Mr Cameron recently ruled out a referendum on the EU asking whether Britain should opt in or out. Mr Pritchard believes his “stepping stone” approach will provide a compromise.
He says that if Britain votes for a trade-only relationship with the EU, there should then be a referendum about membership on the date of the next general election.
Mr Pritchard writes: “The British have grown weary of Europe. The Coalition government should end decades of political appeasement by successive governments and champion freedom and democracy for Britain – and agree a referendum.”
Mr Cameron and George Osborne, the Chancellor, know that the unfolding crisis in the eurozone will give the Conservative party’s Eurosceptic MPs a chance to argue more powerfully for a realignment of Britain’s position in the EU.
The 2010 intake of new Tory MPs is regarded as the most Eurosceptic in a generation and large numbers of government ministers remain privately anti-Brussels.
Some hope that Mr Osborne, the Conservative election strategist, will advance a series of policies that can address the concerns of his party before the next election and in the process tap into the worries of voters.
But Mr Osborne’s Liberal Democrat deputy at the Treasury, Mr Alexander, yesterday criticised those who want to take Britain away from the EU.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury, told Liberal Democrat activists: “Sadly, Eurosceptics on left and right fail to understand Winston Churchill’s central insight that sharing sovereignty strengthens influence and isolation weakens us. (The DM says: Churchill wanted Europe to unite, but Britain to stay outside)
“Scottish Nationalists make the same mistake. We will never let the anti-Europeans or nationalists frustrate our national interest. They are enemies of growth.”
Backbencher Mr Eustice is spearheading the challenge to the Prime Minister over the EU.
Eurosceptic Tory backbenchers want the party leadership to act more decisively on Europe and return some powers to Westminster.
CRUSADE TO ESCAPE THE EU MARCHES ON NO 10
Daily Express, September 9,2011
By Macer Hall, Political Editor
A Petition with 100,000 names demanding a referendum over the UK’s EU membership was delivered to 10 Downing Street yesterday.
A cross-party group of MPs and Euro-MPs marched on the Prime Minister’s office to hand over the call for the first official national poll on Britain’s ties with Brussels since 1975.
And the move comes as tensions have been rising within the Coalition over Britain’s relations with the EU.
Independent Euro-MP Nikki Sinclaire, who organised the petition, said: “This is giving voice to more than 100,000 people who want a referendum on membership of the EU.
“This is an argument that has been going on far too long. We must have a referendum, and the Government must abide by the result.”
Labour MP Kate Hoey said: “It’s inevitable now Britain will have a referendum on our EU membership. It’s just a question of when.”
Kelvin Hopkins, also a Labour MP, said: “The vast majority of the British population wants a referendum on the country’s EU membership and I think they should have it.
“Europe is in an economic crisis and the EU is doing no good for the eurozone or for us.”
Nigel Dodds, Democratic Unionist Party MP for North Belfast, said: “This is the latest message in the growing demand from people across the UK for a referendum. People have had enough of the EU and they want Britain to get out.”
Ukip Euro-MPs Mike Nattras and Trevor Colman also joined the protest. “We need to end Brussels regulation,” said Mr Nattras.
A growing number of Tory MPs are calling for a major overhaul of relations with the EU, and around 80 are to hold a meeting on Monday in a defiant challenge to the Prime Minister.
Tory backbencher George Eustice, one of the Tory backbench group’s conveners, said that the Prime Minister had “two or three years” to restructure Britain’s links with Brussels. But Lib Dem Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander enraged Conservatives by saying that the economic crisis in the eurozone should mean that Britain worked harder at being a “leading member” of the EU.
Meanwhile, fresh moves for an EU-wide tax on trading in shares and bonds were threatened by the European Commission last night. Brussels officials vowed to press ahead with the 0.1percent financial transaction tax despite opposition from the British Government.
Earlier this year, 373,000 Daily Express readers backed a separate petition calling for the UK to quit the EU.
And nearly 26,000 people have backed a new petition started by the Daily Express on the Government’s official e-petition website also calling for British withdrawal.
You can join our petition for a referendum on leaving the EU at www.express.co.uk/referendum
German Court Rejects Challenges to Euro Bailouts
Der Speigel, 7 September 2011
Germany's highest court has ruled that relief for Greece and the euro bailout program is constitutional. As expected, the judges are demanding a greater say for parliament in future decisions on providing aid to beleaguered euro-zone member states.
In a tensely anticipated judgement, the German Federal Constitutional Court moved on Wednesday morning to reject several legal complaints that had been filed against Germany's participation in massive efforts to prop up the European common currency.
The court said that the billions in aid provided by Germany in capital and guarantees to highly indebted partner countries in the European Union to shore up the euro had been constitutional. At the same time, the court stipulated that the German federal parliament, the Bundestag, needs to be given a greater say in future bailout measures.
Presiding Judge Andreas Vosskuhle said the verdict "should not be misinterpreted as a constitutional blank check for further rescue packages."
The judges ruled that aid package resolutions cannot be automatic and may not infringe on the decision-making rights of parliament. Aid packages have to be clearly defined, and members of parliament must be given the opportunity to review the aid and also stop it if needed, the ruling said. "The government is obligated in the cases of large expenditures to get the approval of the parliamentary budget committee," Vosskuhle said. The court said that check and balance was needed to ensure parliament retained its sovereignty over the budget, which it described as a "fundamental element" of democratic self-determination.
Preserving Sovereignty
In May 2010, the Bundestag voted to provide financial aid to Greece to prevent it from insolvency and to approve the €440 billion ($620 billion) European Financial Stability Facility, with €147 billion in loan guarantees. Germany's highest court ruled that the parliamentary criteria had been adhered to when the government agreed to those bailout measures. The court said the Bundestag had not ceded any of its authority in budget decision-making with its approval of the legislation. Plaintiffs in the anti-bailout lawsuits had argued that the bailout packages, each measuring tens of billions of euros in size, placed extreme pressure on the Bundestag's budget planning and its ability to determine government spending.
But the legislation, the German Financial Stability Law, the justices said, clearly determined the scope and purpose of the aid and also a foreseeable period of time in which that help would be provided. A further condition placed by the court is that the aid be mutually agreed by the European Union member states -- a provision that would ensure the German government preserves its sovereign power in decision-making.
The court also rejected the argument by the plaintiffs that the bailout packages, because of their sheer size, threatened to inhibit the state's capacity to act. The amount of debt Germany is capable of carrying, the court stated, is a decision to be made by legislators, "and the Federal Constitutional Court must respect that." The court cannot "place its own professional competence in the place of that of the lawmakers," the ruling stated.
In their ruling, the judges responded to three suits which had been filed in the past year against the bailout measures for Greece, which many Germans oppose. The plaintiffs are well-known euroskeptics including constitutional law professor Karl Albrecht Schachtsschneider and Peter Gauweiler, a member of parliament for the conservative Christian Social Union, the sister party to Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union. The critics had argued that the bailouts violated parliament's right to control the spending of taxpayer money.
Markets reacted positively to the ruling, with Germany's DAX index of blue-chip companies temporarily rising by as much as 3 percent.
The DM says: The Court has legalised the bailouts to date, but set strong limits on future bailouts - which will be needed to save the Euro
Herman van Rompuy wants second term as strengthened EU president
Herman van Rompuy is ready to run for a second term as EU president, at the head of a “United States of Europe”
His comments came as Germany further strengthened demands for a new treaty giving the president extra powers.
Mr Van Rompuy has announced he is willing to take on the “unfinished” euro zone debt crisis with new powers setting an “economic government” in Brussels.
“Because the work is not finished, I do not rule out a second mandate,” he yesterday. “I would not do it for personal glory.”
The former Belgian prime minister took up his post as president of the European Council, the regular summits of EU leaders, on a two and a half year term that expires in May 2012.
He is jockeying to have a second go at the job, with an annual salary of £120,000 more than the British prime minister, at the moment when calls for a new European treaty giving the EU president new powers are growing.
Many EU officials and diplomats regard Mr Van Rompuy’s announcement as a bid to put himself at the front of the new campaign for a federal “United States of Europe” with himself as president.
“It is no coincidence that he steps forward at the very moment that federalism is on the agenda again,” said an EU official.
Under German proposals, Mr Van Rompuy, an economist, would become eurozone as well as EU president in control of a powerful secretariat for economic and financial affairs.
Germany is pushing for a plan to create a euro zone economic government, measures that would almost certainly require a new EU treaty, despite the risk of a backlash from European voters angry at euro bailouts and Brussels austerity programmes.
Gerhard Schroeder, the former German Chancellor, told Der Spiegel magazine that the changes would “translate into a United States of Europe”.
He insisted, echoing comments made by Wolfgang Schaueble, the German finance minister last week, that a new EU constitutional treaty to replace Lisbon must be pushed through despite British opposition and the risk of repeat French, Dutch and Irish No votes.
“Lisbon was a compromise. Our original goal was to create a political union with the European constitution, which was defeated in the referendums,” he said.
“Great Britain is causing the biggest problem. Great Britain is not part of the euro, and yet the British always want to have their say in the design of an economic zone. This is inconsistent.”
Mario Draghi, the Italian due to take up the job of president of the European Central Bank in December, yesterday said that the EU’s Lisbon Treaty needed to be changed in the wake of the euro debt crisis.
“Let’s not forget that this crisis started from the incomplete European construction,” he said.
“To cope with this, we must have a treaty change. The aim of this effort should be a quantum leap up in European economic and political integration.”
Within David Cameron’s Conservatives calls are growing for the Prime Minister to demand more national sovereignty in return for allowing a two-speed EU built around a federalist euro zone.
Martin Callanan, the head of the European Tories, said: “It may well be the right thing for the Eurozone countries to pursue fiscal union – and if they wanted to fly a federal banner over that it would be their choice. But the UK should quite rightly reserve the right to renegotiate repatriation of key powers in any such fundamental change to our existing treaties.”
Mats Persson, the director of the Open Europe pressure group, warned that the coalition government risked falling out of step with both European developments and public opinion.
“Cameron needs to develop a positive blueprint for a revised EU-UK relationship Â and be prepared to put that to a referendum. Unfortunately, there seems to be no such sense of urgency from no 10 at the moment,” he said.
The eurozone’s crisis is Britain’s opportunity
There is a unique opportunity to create the kind of EU most people in this country want.
By Telegraph View, 5 Sep 2011
Tomorrow’s ruling by Germany’s constitutional court on the legality of last year’s bailouts of Greece, Ireland and Portugal could prove a pivotal moment in the slow-motion collapse of the single currency. It is hard to see how monetary union could survive a ruling from the eurozone’s paymaster that the bailouts are unlawful – which is why most observers expect the court to rule them legitimate. However, there is also a strong expectation that the judges will demand a greater role for the German parliament in any further rescues. That would amount to a long overdue admission that the single currency project has been compromised from the start by an absence of any real democratic legitimacy.
The Germans themselves have been the biggest culprits. As Wolfgang Nowak argues on the opposite page, the Maastricht Treaty promised a culture of “fiscal rectitude”, upheld with the sternest sanctions for member states that broke the rules. Countries great and small then proceeded to treat those rules with contempt. It was Germany’s reckless decision to allow Greece to join the euro on the basis of fiddled budget figures that sowed the seeds of the current debacle.
If the court recognises that the running of the eurozone should be taken out of the hands of the EU’s power elite, it will be doing a service. It probably comes too late, however. Lord Lawson stated yesterday that the single currency is “among the most irresponsible political initiatives of the postwar world”. The former Conservative chancellor joins a growing band of Tories who see this existential crisis for the euro as a chance to change the terms of trade in the EU. He suggests calling a halt to the long march to “ever closer union” – of which the euro was an absolutely fundamental part – and putting in its place a legally binding declaration of the sovereignty of individual member states.
A looser-knit EU that is not driven by out-of-date, anti-democratic dreams of federalism would, we suspect, find wide acceptance among the voters of Europe, who have hitherto had little say in the process. There are reports that British ministers are looking at ways of diluting job-destroying measures from Brussels, such as the Agency Workers’ Directive, and that would be a step in the right direction. But Conservatives in the Government need to be far more assertive about the kind of EU they want to see emerge and give their Eurosceptic instincts freer rein – regardless of the squeamishness of their junior Coalition partners. The eurozone crisis offers a unique opportunity to create the kind of EU most people in this country want. It should not be wasted.
The DM says: The kind of EU most people want is one without the UK in it.
Germans don’t want a Europe of broken promises and big bail-outs
The eurozone demands so much money from its economy, yet offers little in return.
By Wolfgang Nowak,telegraph,5 Sep 2011
In the run-up to the launch of the single currency, there was a joke doing the rounds in Paris: “When the euro is introduced, all the poor Frenchmen will become rich Germans – and all the rich Germans will become poor Frenchmen.” It wasn’t particularly funny at the time, and it certainly isn’t now.
Today, the rest of Europe is looking to Germany to save the European project. The country’s constitutional court will tomorrow rule on the legality of last year’s bail-out for Greece, Ireland and Portugal. Later in the month, the German parliament will vote on whether to accept the rescue facility agreed by Europe’s leaders. If either body votes the wrong way, we Germans are sternly warned, it will plunge the Continent into chaos.
Frankly, however, an increasing number of my countrymen are finding it hard to see why they should come to the rescue of a currency that demands so much, and seems to offer so little. For them, the “Europe of the euro” has become a Europe of broken promises. We were told that Maastricht would produce a culture of fiscal rectitude, with sanctions for nations that broke the rules. Instead, its criteria were disregarded by all, including the German government. We were told by Gerhard Schröder that he would make an “honest” currency out of the euro. But his first official act was to admit Greece, a country that had been blatantly falsifying budget figures. We were told that the European Central Bank would be as independent and responsible as our beloved Bundesbank. It is now buying hundreds of billions of euros of low-quality government bonds. We were promised that the introduction of the euro would not lead to a fiscal transfer union in Europe. Instead, we are being asked to participate in one euro rescue fund after another, and the extent of the debt that potentially faces our country exceeds the imagination.
In short, we Germans are becoming increasingly aware that we are in a European Union that keeps piling up new debt to fight old debt. The golden thread holding it all together is Germany’s solvency – but the fact that the EU can rely on our contributions means that France, Italy and others can ignore the reforms that their economies desperately need. And when the Germans start asking for guarantees in exchange, they are accused of trying to create a “Fourth Reich”. German money is fine, but not German reforms.
Now, we are faced with the ultimate expression of this trend. In unison, speculators such as George Soros and politicians such as Luxembourg’s Jean-Claude Juncker – and, more covertly, nearly every southern European country – are calling for the introduction of “eurobonds”. These, they say, would stave off the debt crisis, by making government borrowing cheaper and less risky for investors. Yet it would also place the burden of liability on Germany. Eurobonds are being hailed as the remedy to cure the Continent’s ills – yet as we all know, nothing can keep countries like Italy, France or Greece from breaking any new promises they make. Germany would not just become liable for other countries’ failings. It would be paying for the election promises of other governments that have neglected their own structural reforms.
Of course, Germans are aware that fiscal transfers can work: we became a successful nation after the Second World War because such transfers took place, and are still taking place, between the wealthy and poor states of our own country. What Germans would like to refuse Greece and others, they are happy to tolerate in their own country. The debt levels incurred by Berlin, Bremen and North-Rhine Westphalia are scandalous, and nothing is being done about them.
Yet it is expecting too much of Germany – and other wealthy nations, such as Finland and the Netherlands – to transfer this concept to Europe as a whole. The European Union, and the eurozone, have become too big. The only way the euro can become “honest” now is if its members launch the necessary reforms, streamline their bureaucracies and stop borrowing beyond their means.
A Europe supported by eurobonds would certainly make everything a lot easier – and everyone much more reckless. But in Germany, their introduction would lead to a large majority of the population rejecting such a Europe entirely. At the moment, Angela Merkel still faces a pro-European opposition. Yet public opinion is wavering, as indicated by opinion polls and the poor performance of Merkel’s party in elections at the weekend. Were a transfer union to become a reality, public enthusiasm for the European project would plummet with every fresh payment made to compensate for the failings of other countries. The strength of sentiment would be such that no government in Berlin could ignore it.
We need a Europe that invests in new technologies instead of interest payments, one that devotes itself to improving education instead of organising new borrowing at favourable terms using German money. Only an economically strong Continent can play the role in global politics that everyone expects. So far, we Germans still want to be good Europeans. However, a Europe that is held together only by German money is bound to fail – because it is not one that the Germans will accept.
Wolfgang Nowak was a senior adviser to Gerhard Schröder, and is the managing director of the Alfred Herrhausen Society, the international forum of Deutsche Bank
Britain can only grow if we ignore the EU
The agency workers directive from Brussels will load costs on to hard-pressed employers.
Telegraph leader, 1 Sep 2011
Yesterday’s poor manufacturing figures provided further evidence that the recovery is faltering. Factory activity fell to a 26-month low, with output, orders and employment all down. Despite the weak pound, the rapid growth in export demand – which hit record levels during the winter – appears to have come to an abrupt halt, and the sector that was supposed to power the economy back into the black has stalled. It was no surprise, therefore, that the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) chose yesterday to downgrade their growth forecast once again. At the start of the year, they predicted that the economy would grow by 1.9 per cent. In April, they cut that to 1.3 per cent, and yesterday to 1.1 per cent. The one shred of consolation is that at least they envisage the economy expanding, albeit feebly.
The BCC renewed its call for measures to stimulate growth, making a particular point of urging ministers to lift the burden of regulation. They could also have asked the Coalition to halt the imposition of new regulatory burdens. The agency workers directive, a meddlesome new law from Brussels, comes into force a month from now. When it does, those employers who are not conversant with its contents – especially small businesses – are in for a nasty shock. From October 1, temporary agency employees will be granted the same employment rights as permanent staff, after just 12 weeks in a job. One of the key strengths of the British economy, the flexibility of its labour markets, will be undermined at a stroke. The CBI has estimated that the directive could cost as many as 250,000 jobs, snuffing out what little growth we are seeing.
This measure is not only a classic example of unwanted and costly new regulations being foisted on this country by the European Union, at the behest of trade unions. It also exposes the frailty of the Coalition’s growth package. Most companies are in surprisingly robust financial health, but are holding back from investing because of uncertainty over the Government’s intentions, and the wider economic picture. Having made the right call on deficit reduction, the Coalition has made no call on growth. This has been a serious failure of leadership. True, George Osborne unveiled a raft of micro-measures in his spring Budget, all of which helped a little. But none was a game-changer – and any good they did is likely to be swept away by this new directive. As our eurosceptic Chancellor finalises the details of another new growth package, we suggest that he defies the EU, and insists that the directive’s implementation be delayed or abandoned, for the sake of British jobs and businesses. In such dangerous times, extreme measures are sometimes called for.
EU demands that Britain admit immigrants intending to go straight on to benefits
By Daniel Hannan, Politics blog. August 2nd, 2011
The European Commission may finally have hit on an issue that jerks Britain from its euro-torpor – an issue that simultaneously presses the buttons of border control, welfare abuse and Brussels intrusiveness. Whether from hubris, power-hunger or from sheer stupidity, Eurocrats are demanding that Britain stop asking immigrants to show that they won’t immediately start accesing the social security system.
As the law stands, people wishing to settle in Britain must demonstrate that they have the means to support themselves, either through work or through an alternative source of income such as a pension. The European Commission claims that this amounts to discrimination against EU citizens, who are supposed to enjoy the same rights as British nationals.
In fact, as so often happens, Eurocrats are disregarding the plain text of their own rules. Article 7(1) of the Free Movement Directive gives EU citizens the right to reside in another member state only if they have “sufficient resources for themselves and their family members not to become a burden on the social assistance system of the host Member State”.
In order to get around this clause, the European Commission is deploying a piece of sheer sophistry. It argues that, if immigrants were able to top up their income with British benefits, they would have “sufficient resources”.
In May, the Supreme Court ruled on the claim of a Latvian pensioner, who had just moved to Britain and had demanded Pension Credit on grounds that her Latvian pension was too small. Although our courts like to rule in favour of immigrants, the law here was so clear-cut that, by 4-1, judges turned her down. If the European Commission were to get its way, she would not only be able to claim Pension Credit, but also council tax and housing subsidies – despite not having paid a penny into the system.
This blog has droned on and on about the way in which the EU is preventing the Coalition from fulfilling its manifesto promises. This ruling – if upheld by the European Court of Justice – would strike down Iain Duncan Smith’s pension reforms. His scheme, which has been warmly applauded across the political spectrum, aims to replace the current complicated system of state pensions with a flat entitlement, available to all pensioners regardless of assets, employment history or past contributions. Such a scheme, however, depends on a minimum residency requirement. (New Zealand, which operates a system very like the one IDS is proposing, makes payments only to those who have spent at least ten years in the country.) If every EU resident over the age of 66 whose income came to less than £140 a week were able to draw a British pension, the system would be bankrupted. Are we past caring?
Majority of Dutch want Greece out of euro zone - poll
By Gilbert Kreijger, (Reuters) AMSTERDAM, Aug 14, 2011
A majority of Dutch voters, or 54 percent, want Greece and other peripheral countries thrown out of the euro rather than rescued, according to a poll taken ahead of parliamentary debates on euro zone bailout measures.
Recent opinion polls have shown that Dutch taxpayers are increasingly disenchanted with the enormous financial cost of rescuing euro zone members, views which could well influence parliamentary debates this week and affect parliament's support for such bailouts at a key vote due in October at the earliest.
The poll followed another week of financial market turmoil, in which France's triple-A credit rating came under scrutiny and the European Central Bank had to step in to buy Italian and Spanish sovereign bonds in a bid to restore stability.
A Maurice De Hond poll published on Sunday showed that 60 percent of those surveyed wanted the Netherlands to stop lending money to other euro zone countries. A week ago, 55 percent said support should not be extended to Spain and Italy if they needed it.
Just under half, or 48 percent, said the euro's negatives outweighed its benefits.
A separate poll, commissioned by Dutch newspaper AD and published on Saturday, found that 48 percent of those questioned wanted out of the euro and a return to using the Dutch guilder.
The fiscally conservative Netherlands has been among the more demanding euro zone countries in the bailout debate, insisting on private sector and IMF involvement, aware of the risk that Dutch public support is fading.
The Liberal-Christian Democrat coalition relies on the support of its main ally, Geert Wilders' Freedom Party, to pass legislation, but Wilders is strongly opposed to euro zone bailouts and has said his party will vote against such rescues.
That means the government will need the support of opposition parties when official voting on some of the rescue measures which have not yet been approved takes place, in October at the earliest.
Opposition parties Labour and Democrats 66 have so far supported all the bailouts and on Saturday again reiterated their support on Dutch public radio, despite public discontent, because the single currency brings trade benefits.
On Tuesday, Prime Minister Mark Rutte and Finance Minister Jan Kees de Jager will appear before parliament's finance committee to discuss the Greek bailout and additional rescue measures agreed last month by European leaders.
A follow-up debate is tentatively scheduled in parliament the next day, when voting on motions filed by members of parliament could also take place, indicating the degree of parliamentary support.
Rutte told reporters on Friday the Netherlands had benefited from membership of the euro because it was an export-oriented economy that sold most of its goods to other euro zone members.
The prime minister apologised for creating confusion over private sector involvement in the Greek bailout after he and the finance minister announced different figures for the overall size.
Labour, the biggest opposition party which is important for reaching majority support, and Democrats 66, said they still wanted more details from Rutte about the cost of bailouts.
(Editing by Sara Webb and Mike Nesbit
70 Tory MPs set to join new group to fight EU integration
Up to 70 Conservative MPs are to join a new group dedicated to "reversing the process" of closer European Union integration in a move likely to place fresh strain on the coalition.
By Patrick Hennessy, Political Editor, Sunday Telegraph, 20 Aug 2011
Dozens will attend a Commons meeting next month to discuss the formation of the Eurosceptic group which aims to provide "helpful advice" to the government.
The move carries echoes of the formation – more than 20 years ago – of the Bruges Group, which took its name from one of Margaret Thatcher's speeches in which she attacked the formation of a European superstate and which became a focus for Eurosceptic Tories in the 1990s.
The new grouping is being put together by three MPs who were all elected for the first time in last year's general election: 3, who was David Cameron's former media chief, Chris Heaton-Harris and Andrea Leadsom.
The trio wrote to fellow Tory MPs last month to invite them to a meeting in the Thatcher Room at the Commons on 12 September. Mr Eustice last night said the letter had so far attracted 71 positive replies – around a quarter of the party's MPs.
The letter states: "It has ... become clear that events in the European Union are going to dominate British politics in the coming years across a wide range of policies.
"We think it might be helpful if we set up an informal group of like-minded MPs who could come together to talk, receive regular quality topical briefings, exchange ideas and, indeed, provide support and helpful advice to the government.
"The political objective of the group would be to reverse the process of ever-closer union."
The move risks incurring the wrath, however, of the Tories' Liberal Democrat coalition partners, whose party continues to maintain broad support for Brussels.
Mr Eustice said: "There is a lot of interest in such a group. It aims to be constructive and the ensure that we make the most of the opportunity presented by a Eurosceptic PM and a changing context in Europe."
The new breed of younger Eurosceptic MPs takes a much more pragmatic view of the EU than the veterans of the old ideological battles over the Maastricht treaty that hamstrung John Major's government in the 1990s, some of whom, such as Bill Cash, are still in parliament.
Nevertheless it is estimated that up to half of the 148 Conservatives elected for the first time in 2010 think Britain should quit the EU altogether, with scores more believing the UK's relationship with the EU is ripe for a fundamental overhaul.
As well as the financial crisis gripping the eurozone and the lead-up to the future funding of the EU from 2014, several flashpoints are mentioned by MPs, including moves due to take effect in 2014 that would see the Luxembourg-based European Court of Justice have greater say over policing policy in the UK.
"As the fundamental nature of our relationship with the EU changes over the next couple of years, there will be greater pressure for referendums on key issues," one Tory MP predicted.
Plans to do away with all or part of the Human Rights Act will also carry on being a major issue. "David [Cameron] promised a British Bill of Rights before the election," a Tory MP said. "But he can't deliver it – the Lib Dems won't let him. In extremis that could be a coalition breaker and the PM won't risk it."
Away from Europe, taxation is a thorny issue. Many of the new intake support moves to scrap the 50p top rate of tax on incomes above £150,000 in a bid to boost business – as Eric Pickles, the Communities Secretary, advocated this weekend.
Like Mr Pickles, and unlike among Lib Dems, there is little or no appetite for replacing it with another form of imposition on the wealthiest.
"I don't want to scrap the 50p tax band and bring in a mansion tax," one Conservative elected last year said. "In any case our main efforts should be focused on helping business and promoting growth."
Even moves to repeal the ban on hunting with dogs, brought in under Labour, and a touchstone for many rural Tory supporters, is likely to be a big problem for Mr Cameron.
Some new Tory MPs, many of them women with urban or suburban seats, favour keeping the ban in place – as do the overwhelming majority of Lib Dem and Labour MPs.
One backbencher confidently predicts there is no way the ban will overturned. "The numbers don't exist. The PM should just get on with it – lose the vote and move on."
An indication of the strength of feeling about the direction of travel the party should take can be seen from the fact that no fewer than three books are scheduled for publication around the time of the forthcoming party conference season in which Conservative MPs will attempt to seize the agenda.
One of them, provisionally entitled After the Coalition, features contributions from Kwasi Kwarteng, Dominic Raab, Elizabeth Truss, Priti Patel and Chris Skidmore, all members of the 2010 intake.
David Davis, Mr Cameron's main opponent in 2005 for the party's leadership and the former shadow home secretary, is also overseeing a book with contributions from mainly right-leaning MPs – including new members Steve Baker, Therese Coffey and Richard Drax.
A third tome, snappily-titled Masters of Nothing: The Crash and How It Will Happen Again Unless We Understand Human Nature, is being written by another pair of up-and-coming MPs, Matthew Hancock and Nadhim Zahawi.
Younger MPs are careful to couch their desire for change in terms of support for Mr Cameron and the coalition.
Mr Raab, a former business lawyer who is MP for Esher and Walton, said: "The mood is positive because the coalition is delivering – whether its deficit reduction, welfare reform or raising teaching standards.
"The challenge for us comes from the unforeseen and the unpredictable. The riots inevitably feel like a vindication of David Cameron's diagnosis of the broken society and the importance of family, while the Eurozone crisis has created a crossroads for the EU as a whole."
Tracey Crouch, a former head of public affairs for the insurance company Aviva who is now MP for Chatham and Aylesford, said: "Constituents understand that we've had to prioritise reducing the deficit in our first year of Government, but now they want to see us deliver on the key manifesto promises that they voted me and others into parliament on the back of.
"Every time there is a story in the paper about some ridiculous human rights claim, or outrageous EU spending commitment, I get reminded by constituents of not only what was on my leaflets but what was in the coalition agreement too."
David Cameron can't reshape the EU – but the prime minister can reduce Britain's exposure
Dan Hannan, Telegraph 8 July 2011
As Brussels seeks even greater economic integration, it's time for Britain to strike a new and better deal
I attracted unusually dirty looks as I entered the European Parliament last week. Not that I'm a stranger to dirty looks – you don't expect to be popular in an institution you want to close down – but the murderous intensity of the stares was unwonted. Suddenly, I realised what it was. I had been for a gentle run – more of a ruminative lope, really – around Leopold Park, and I was still wearing my "Keep the Pound" T-shirt, dating from the 2001 general election.
If there is one thing that a Eurocrat dislikes more than a stand-offish Brit, it's a stand-offish Brit who has been vindicated. Our refusal to join the euro was always an affront to the Brussels establishment. But where we used to be pitied and patronised, now we are envied and resented.
Which is why it is silly to talk, as some hopeful Conservative MPs do, of "seizing the agenda" or "shaping a post-crisis Europe". The fact that we got it right on the euro doesn't add to our moral authority; it makes us less popular than ever. No one likes a smart alec.
In the current issue of The Spectator, David Cameron talks – for the first time, as far as I can see – of wanting to renegotiate Britain's relationship with the EU: "There will be opportunities for Britain to maximise what we want in terms of our engagement with Europe."
It is important to be clear about what he is saying. He is not fantasising about a general overhaul of the EU. He knows perfectly well that the other member states are bent on establishing what Herman Van Rompuy calls "European economic government".
Where you or I might conclude that the euro crisis was a consequence of jamming widely divergent economies into one currency, Eurocrats have concluded the precise opposite. What the system needs, they insist, is more integration. They want a permanent wealth-transfer mechanism. They want an independent EU revenue stream, so that Brussels doesn't depend on contributions from its member states. They want common European taxes on air travel, on carbon trading schemes, on emails and phone calls, on businesses and, above all, on financial transactions.
Of course, most of the EU's financial transactions take place in City of London. Thus does Britain risk being dragged into the crisis, despite having declined to join the euro. Indeed, we have already been dragged in. Our total liability in the Greek, Irish and Portuguese bailouts is £12.5 billion – more than twice as much as the Government saved in its first 12 months from all its domestic expenditure cuts put together. This exposure comes on top of an almost unbelievable 74 per cent increase in our net contribution to the EU budget in 2010, and a doubling of our IMF subscription.
Eurocrats are keen to make Britain stump up. It's not just that they are taking umbrage at our imagined smugness. Many of them have actually convinced themselves that the euro is in trouble, not because it was a bad idea to begin with, but because it is under a co-ordinated attack from Anglo-Saxon speculators.
I had an extraordinary conversation last week with an Italian MEP who kept ranting about some article in The Economist which had predicted a Greek default. I suggested to him that a) saying that something is likely to happen isn't the same as wanting it to happen; b) The Economist is a Europhile paper which supported the euro from its inception; and c) the British Government doesn't control British newspapers. He was having none of it.
Nor was he exceptional. In a truly bizarre press conference on Tuesday, the President of the European Commission, José Manuel Barroso, blamed Portugal's financial crisis on Moody's, the US credit rating agency, whose analysis he called "biased" and "speculative". He seriously suggested that, in order to break the dominance of the big three American agencies – Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch – Brussels might have to develop a rival agency of its own (as if anyone would believe a word it wrote).
When the leaders of the EU start blaming their travails on speculators, when they demand that some tame EU agency come up with a rosier set of statistics, when they jam their fingers in their ears and hum Beethoven's Ninth, you wonder whether they are losing their grip.
No one in Britain should take pleasure in the turbulence on our doorstep. It's not just that the countries using the euro are our friends and allies, nor that they account for 40 per cent of our trade. It's that a union in crisis makes an unstable neighbour. To borrow a metaphor from Lenin, the eurozone is exporting its internal contradictions.
If he can't reshape the EU, what can the Prime Minister do? He can reduce Britain's exposure. As things stand, we are like a man huddling at a bus-stop in a severe storm. The bus shelter is a better place to be than the middle of the street, but we are still getting wet. How much more satisfying to be indoors, listening to the rattle of the windowpane.
If Britain were to extricate itself from its current EU obligations, it would become a sanctuary for every investor fleeing from the chaos of the eurozone. Get this right, and we could become as Hong Kong to the EU's China: a low-tax, deregulated, off-shore haven.
What would this mean in practical terms? The repatriation of a series of powers. Britain should aim to resume control over those areas of policy which do not impact directly on other EU states: taxation, immigration, employment law, social policy, agriculture and fisheries, foreign affairs and defence, the interpretation of human rights.
This would, of course, revolutionise the nature of our relationship with the EU. Instead of being full members, we would have an amplified trading relationship, along the lines of that enjoyed by Switzerland. Two questions arise. Would the EU ever grant us such a deal? And, even if it did, would the Coalition be prepared to ask?
On the first question, the short answer is that the other members are more concerned about getting through the euro crisis than they are about British opt-outs. In order to establish what Mr Barroso calls "fiscal federalism", even among the euro states alone, they need our permission. We should give it warmly, in return for permission to withdraw from those policies which are of no immediate concern to anyone else.
Would the British Government make such a demand? It seems unlikely. While ministers are reportedly frustrated about their inability to pursue domestic reforms because of EU rules, they have so far shown no interest in taking powers back.
None the less, no one can have missed the suddenness with which the argument is lurching. Virtually every day, some long-standing British Europhile turns his coat and pretends to have had his doubts all along. When 60 per cent of the electorate want to leave the EU, but only 3 per cent of MPs admit to sharing their view, something has to give.
Sooner or later, one of the parties will grasp that there is an electoral premium in letting the country as a whole settle the issue of EU membership through a referendum. Perhaps our politicians will feel the heat; or perhaps they will see the light.
Daniel Hannan is a Conservative MEP for South East England
Why half of all Tory MPs want to pull out of the EU
By Iain Martin, Mail Online, 5th July 2011
When William Hague, then Conservative leader, likened membership of the Euro to being ‘stuck in a burning building without exits’, he was condemned by bien pensant opinion as a ‘little Englander’ and crazed extremist.
But with Athens ablaze this week and protesters fighting baton-wielding police outside the Greek parliament, it is Hague who has been vindicated and his critics who are on the back-foot.
Of course, those who insisted a decade ago that Britain must join the single currency experiment and axe the pound (Mandelson, Heseltine, Clegg et al) are all silent on the subject today. Only a deluded Tony Blair still thinks Britain should go in.
As Greece’s government is forced to accept spending cuts in return for more bail-out billions designed to keep their bankrupt country afloat, the EU’s leaders are terrified of what will happen next.
With some justice, they still fear the Greek government will be unable to enforce the necessary cuts and pay back its debts, with a petrifying consequent impact on their own countries’ banks.
The bitter irony — and it’s one that is not lost on Greek demonstrators — is that the solution to their country’s indebtedness is to force a further increase in its borrowings which it will inevitably be unable to repay.
This should be a moment for EU leaders to stop and reflect with humility on the folly of their Euro experiment and on the perils of trying to squeeze disparate economies into a one-size-fits-all currency zone.
And how silly of me to think that in the wake of the Greek crisis, there might have been such a pause in the relentless drive to build a continent-wide superstate, crushing the freedom of sovereign democracies. But, of course, that is not how the federalist zealots in charge of the EU empire think.
It was business as usual in Brussels this week as bureaucrats audaciously demanded a rise in their budget.
If agreed, Britain will have to cough up another £1.4 billion each year, taking our annual contribution to £13 billion as the EU’s spending soars by £100 billion — all this at a time of dire austerity and severe fiscal restraint throughout much of the Eurozone.
There was worse to come. The EU wants to introduce a continent-wide sales tax (which would cost British consumers up to £5 billion a year) and a financial transactions tax which would hit the City of London, Europe’s leading financial centre, particularly hard.
Such developments horrify David Cameron. Europe is the issue which the Prime Minister has always been keenest to avoid, fearing, quite rightly, that it riles the Tory right. Indeed, as leader of the opposition he used to say in private how relieved he was that the party wasn’t ‘having a row about Europe’.
And, of course, in government, his Europhile Lib-Dem Coalition partners make sensible discussion about the EU even more awkward.
And yet the truth is that Britain’s relationship with Europe is increasingly central to this country’s problems.
For example, it becomes daily more obvious that EU laws and rules prevent Britain from governing itself effectively and controlling our own borders.
In particular, the plethora of employment laws that emanate from Brussels (and the resulting explosion in the number of industrial tribunal cases) make it harder for small and medium-sized businesses to operate properly.
The situation is bound to get worse later this year when a new EU directive will give all temporary and agency workers the same holiday, sick pay and maternity rights as full-time employees. This will pile further costs on business owners as they try to pull Britain out of a slump.
Then there is the wretched European-inspired Human Rights Act, made law by the Labour government.
This week judges in Strasbourg blocked the extradition from Britain of 200 Somalis who came here illegally, including serial burglars and drug-dealers.
So why won’t Cameron and George Osborne honour their promises to reform the Human Rights Act?
The answer is that Europe has never been a great issue of principle for either man. A colleague explains: ‘David and George are pragmatic politicians. They like power and the fact is that they enjoy being members of the club of European leaders.’
Although it has been said that both the Prime Minister and his Chancellor are Eurosceptics, the proof of this has always been hard to find.
Indeed, their actions have been the very opposite of Eurosceptic: they let
Britain’s involvement in the bail-out of Portugal stand (a decision taken in the dying days of the Labour government, but which they could have blocked), they approved the extension of the controversial European Arrest Warrant (which can lead to injustice for Britons wanted on spurious charges in countries with less sophisticated justice systems) and they have handed much regulation of the City of London to the EU.
Hague (who mislaid his Eurosceptic beliefs somewhere along the way) even assented to the creation of a European External Action Service run from Brussels. This corps of EU diplomats has unsurprisingly started trying to usurp the role of Britain’s diplomatic service.
As Prime Minister, Mr Cameron has fallen for the argument made by successive British ministers and officials that if they go along with such developments, they will gain ‘influence’ at Europe’s top table.
But this is sheer self-delusion. History shows that if you give the EU an inch, it will proceed to take a kilometre.
Against this backdrop, the Tory Party is unsurprisingly increasingly restless.
As I reported some weeks ago, Mr Cameron’s close adviser Steve Hilton now wants Britain to withdraw from the EU. His views are supported by Oliver Letwin, minister of state at the Cabinet Office, and a mood of Euroscepticism is spreading to fellow ministers who are becoming increasingly frustrated by the power of the EU to thwart the policies they believe are necessary to restore Britain’s fortunes.
Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith, Liam Fox (Defence) and Philip Hammond (Transport) are among those who are losing patience with the EU.
Meanwhile, several backbench Tories are busy setting up various Eurosceptic groups and it is estimated that as many as half of all Conservative MPs now want Britain to pull out of the EU.
One group of this year’s intake of MPs, though, are looking at a less drastic approach and advocate ‘one last push’ to try to reform the EU so that it interferes less in the affairs of individual nation states.
Their chances of success, it must be said, are not high. Perhaps (if we had a PM bold enough to demand it) there could be a renegotiation of the terms of membership of the EU membership for Britain and those other countries who want to remain outside the single currency, but who still want a European trading partnership.
However, the superstate federalists of Brussels would never allow such flexibility.
From the original laudable aim of getting the countries of this war-scarred continent to co-operate peacefully and trade together, we now have a dangerous, meddling monster. Somehow, Britain must be freed from its grip.
Of course, full divorce would be a huge step. But it is becoming increasingly difficult to see what other options Britain has unless the EU changes course.
David Cameron and his party are on a collision course over Europe
By Benedict Brogan, Telegraph, June 28th, 2011
Does crisis bring opportunity? This is the question that is dividing the Conservative Party on Europe. On one side, there are those who see the slow implosion of Greece and the turmoil across the Channel as a heaven-sent chance to achieve a grand renegotiation of Britain’s membership. On the other, are those for whom the crisis is, above all, a threat to our economy that needs to be managed. For them, the idea that in any circumstance – let alone the present mess – the EU would contemplate indulging British fantasies of partial withdrawal is laughable.
The debate is potentially explosive, as it pits David Cameron against a new breed of hard-headed Tory MP, most of whom are members of the vast new intake that poured into Parliament last year. Yet few will have noticed that this discussion is under way, so desperate is the party to avoid being discovered having an argument over Europe. Indeed, one of the features of the Tories in coalition has been their silence on a matter that once defined them. A brave few, veterans of past battles, carry the standard of defiance against the relentless advance of European rule, but they are marginalised, derided by the leadership as barmy and shunned by their newer colleagues who want nothing to do with the toxic arguments of previous generations of parliamentarians.
On the face of it, the case for a grand reorganisation of the EU has never been clearer. Every day, Athens produces more evidence of the unsustainability of the euro. When its public sector metro drivers offer to keep working in order to help strikers get to the Greek parliament and barricade its MPs, the farce only gets darker. The ambitions of the euro’s founders are being rapidly eroded by the facts. The German taxpayer has realised that monetary union has turned into a perpetual transfer of resources from those members who have, to those who have not. This week, it took the visit of Wen Jiabao, the Chinese premier, to underscore the mess Europe has got itself into. He offered Europe his trust and his cash, to help first Hungary and then Greece with their debts. Like addicts pleading with their dealer, they submitted. Not content with buying up companies and resources, the man with the £2 trillion surplus sounded like he was ready to move on and start buying whole countries. How pathetic those boasts that Europe could be a bloc to rival China seem now.
There are plenty of Tory MPs who hope David Cameron is among those who have spotted the opportunity. In the past week they have surfaced in a concerted attempt to prod him in the right direction. Their campaign opened with a letter in the Financial Times from 14 members of the 2010 intake, organised by Chris Heaton-Harris, a former MEP and a leading light among pragmatic Eurosceptics. It argued that a policy vacuum exists in Europe, and that Britain has an opportunity to get it on the right track towards a leaner, cheaper and less intrusive free trade area. Like-minded MPs have also come together to form a group that will devote itself to what they describe as nothing less than a European takeover. With the Left in retreat across the EU, and the integrationists routed by the euro crisis, they believe that the current turmoil is full of possibilities.
By their calculation, were Greece to seek an exit from the single currency, the resulting renegotiation would provide the opening Britain needs to secure a review of its terms of membership.
This new group – so new it hasn’t got round to giving itself a name – is being put together by George Eustice, the member for Camborne and Redruth, who previously worked for David Cameron and was a key organiser of the No to the Euro campaign. He insists its purpose is not to be divisive: the 2010 intake is both robustly Eurosceptic and acutely aware of the electoral damage the feuds over Maastricht did to the party. To its members, power matters just as much as principle. Mr Eustice is also clear that the group will not be a front for a secret withdrawal movement, even if plenty of MPs would now – privately at least – be happy to see Britain pull out. Instead, he says fear of withdrawal and its imagined consequences should no longer be an excuse for ducking reasoned debate about the ways the terms of our membership of the EU could be altered.
So the no-name group will draft a plan setting out the areas where the Coalition’s work is being thwarted by the suffocating grip of EU regulation. First on the list is social regulation – what used to be known as the social chapter. Europe, they believe, should no longer interest itself in social policy. Burdensome employment laws and union powers need to be cut back to allow Britain and the rest of the EU a chance of returning to significant growth.
In this, they are being encouraged by the noises from Downing Street and elsewhere in Whitehall, as ministers discover the web of restrictions limiting their room for manoeuvre. The cries of frustrated rage from among Mr Cameron’s allies grow by the day. Whether it’s the ever-present fear of European judicial review, or the stifling nature of EU-enforced workplace and equality regulations, there is a growing frustration within government with Europe and its ways.
So by that token, this new group and its ambitions might ostensibly be welcome. After all, leaders like having outriders who can say what they can’t. Cameron, fresh from what he described as a success on the future EU budget at last weekend’s summit, might be glad of a Eurosceptic chorus to urge him on.
Except all the evidence is that he will not let himself be driven in that direction. No 10 denies the central thrust of the 2010 intake’s argument, that there is a political vacuum in Europe. They point to the work of successive summits to mandate the European Commission to speed up work on a deregulation agenda, helped along by the fact that the political landscape has changed, with the Left pushed into a powerless rump in many of the 27 member countries. Talk of opportunities after the crisis is beside the point, they say, as we are still in the middle of it. Greece’s implosion should be seen as an economic disaster for the City, not as a political gift for the Tory party. “They are getting ahead of themselves. There is simply no appetite in the EU for this kind of conversation,” is how one minister puts it. If the new group has any usefulness in the eyes of No 10, it is not what they imagined: “Anything that fragments the Eurosceptic Right weakens it. And that’s not unhelpful,” one insider told me.
Conservative MPs rejoice in a leadership team of Mr Cameron, George Osborne and William Hague that is unequivocally sceptical about the EU. But they are unlikely to be satisfied with hard-won but modest successes that over time tilt the EU towards being more competitive, less costly, and less ambitious. At some point they might realise that the Prime Minister has no appetite for attempting the renegotiation he promised, and which the Coalition usefully prevents him from considering. Beset by debt, distracted by foreign adventures, confronted by the shocking sapping of our military might, it may be that Cameron has discovered a profound appreciation of Britain’s weakness. Seen from No 10, the deepening euro crisis offers too much trouble ahead to dare contemplate a favourable outcome.
Time for Plan B - How the Euro Became Europe's Greatest Threat
Der Spiegel June 2011
The euro is becoming an ever greater threat to Europe's common future. The currency union chains together economies that are simply incompatible. Politicians approve one bailout package after the other and, in doing so, have set down a dangerous path that could burden Europeans for generations to come and set the EU back by decades.
In the past 14 months, politicians in the euro-zone nations have adopted one bailout package after the next, convening for hectic summit meetings, wrangling over lazy compromises and building up risks of gigantic dimensions.
For just as long, they have been avoiding an important conclusion, namely that things cannot continue this way. The old euro no longer exists in its intended form, and the European Monetary Union isn't working. We need a Plan B.
Instead, those in responsible positions are getting bogged down in crisis management, as they seek to placate the public and sugarcoat the problems. They say that there is only a government debt crisis in a few euro countries but no euro crisis, citing as evidence the fact that the value of the European common currency has remained relatively stable against other currencies like the dollar.
But if it wasn't for the euro, Greece's debt crisis would be an isolated problem -- one that was tough for the country, but easy for Europe to bear. It is only because Greece is part of the euro zone that Athens' debts are a problem for all of its partners -- and pose a threat to the common currency.
If the rest of Europe abandons Greece, the crisis could spin out of control, spreading from one weak euro-zone country to the next. Investors would have no guarantees that Europe would not withdraw its support from Portugal or Ireland, if push came to shove, and they would sell their government bonds. The prices of these bonds would fall and risk premiums would go up. Then these countries would only be able to drum up fresh capital by paying high interest rates, which would only augment their existing budget problems. It's possible that they would no longer be able to raise any money at all, in which case they would become insolvent.
But if the current situation continues, the monetary union will invariably turn into a transfer union, a path the inventors of the euro were determined to prevent.
Democratic Deficiencies
The euro's founding fathers did not anticipate such a crisis, and thus did not include any provisions for it in the European Monetary Union's set of regulations. The euro welds together strong and weak countries, for better or for worse. There is no emergency exit, and there are no rules to follow in an emergency -- only the hope that everything will turn out well in the end. This is why the crises of a few euro countries are a crisis for the euro, as well as a crisis for the European Union, its governments and its institutions. And this is why the euro crisis has suddenly and expectedly mushroomed into a crisis for the political Project Europe, its future and its cohesion.
The fact that the countries funding the bailouts are lacking democratic legitimization is now becoming the greatest impediment to joint crisis management. Gone are the days of subtle debate over whether the European Parliament involves citizens in a just and proportional way in the decisions reached by the European Council, the body headed by the leaders of the European Union member states, and European Commission, the EU's executive. When things get serious, as they are now, decisions will no longer be made in the somewhat democratically legitimized EU bodies, but at the more or less secret meetings of a handful of leaders.
During the German chancellor's and the French president's quiet walks together, and at the behind-the-scenes meetings of discrete central banks, policies are being made that are then handed to the parliaments to rubber-stamp, even though hardly any of their members understand them.
The costly decisions that are ultimately reached by the luminaries of European solidarity don't just affect the citizens of the ailing member states in an existential way; they must also fear for their social security, their jobs and their assets.
The decisions of European politicians are just as troubling for citizens who live, like the Germans, on the sunny side of the union, and are worried that their country is running up debt that could remain on the books into a remotely distant future.
One of the reasons that Europeans are so incensed at their respective governments is that they are not involved in the decision-making process. Another is that they inevitably perceive their political leaders as being motivated by alleged factual constraints and the requirements of the financial markets, without having any plan of their own.
The euro debt crisis has already swept aside two governments, in Ireland and Portugal, and the Spanish and Greek governments could soon follow. Things are also getting precarious for the government in Berlin, where Chancellor Angela Merkel could lose her parliamentary majority in upcoming votes on bailout measures.
Resistance to Austerity Measures
A crack now bisects the continent, running between those countries that need more and more money and those that are expected to pay. With the Greeks frustrated over the Germans and the Germans over the Greeks, the Portuguese, the Spaniards and the Italians, the political peace project of European unity threatens to end in a great economic dispute among the nations.
In the debtor countries, there is growing resistance against the constant barrage of new austerity programs, while the people of the creditor countries are increasingly incensed over the billions in new aid. The "Outraged Citizens" are taking to the streets in Madrid and Athens while the " True Finns" gain strength in the parliament in Helsinki. Some 60 percent of Germans are opposed to a new aid package for Greece, and there is at least as much resistance among the opposition and trade unions in Athens to the government's efforts to rein in spending -- a precondition for additional loans.
Last Wednesday, thousands of Greeks staged a general strike intended to block access to the parliament building, where the new austerity program was being debated. Prime Minister Georgios Papandreou's limousine was showered with oranges, while rocks were thrown elsewhere. The police used tear gas to protect the elected representatives from the people they represent.
To secure payment of the next loan tranche under the European aid package, Papandreou intends to put together another austerity package worth more than €6.5 billion ($9.3 billion) by the end of the month. The protesters outside the parliament building, unwilling to accept the prime minister's course of action, shouted: "Thieves, traitors. What happened to our money?"
How long will citizens in the weak euro countries -- Greece, Portugal, Ireland and Spain -- continue to accept the harsh reforms? And how long will voters in the creditor countries tolerate their own governments taking ever-higher risks to rescue the euro?
Euro Has Become Greatest Threat to Continent's Future
Finland is a country that is often held up as a successful model for other European countries, but the success of the right-wing populist "True Finns," who captured 20 percent of the vote in April's parliamentary elections, came as a wakeup call to the political establishment in Brussels. As the skeptics gain ground throughout the EU, anti-European sentiments are growing in even the core countries of the union, like France and Germany.
The euro, created with the aim of permanently uniting Europe, has become the greatest threat to the continent's future. A collapse of the monetary union would set Europe back by decades, dealing it a blow from which it might never recover, especially with Europe's position already threatened by the fast-growing Asian economies. How is a fragmented Europe to prevail against this new competition?
This is why Europe's politicians want to defend the euro at all costs, and why they are approving one bailout package after the next. They are playing for time, hoping that the markets will settle down and the reforms will take hold.
The business community is supporting their efforts, too. In a major advertising campaign scheduled to run in leading publications this week, top German business executives, including ThyssenKrupp Chairman Gerhard Cromme, Siemens CEO Peter Löscher and Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche, promote the monetary union and insist: "The euro is necessary." They argue that ailing member states must be assisted financially, and that the common currency is "absolutely worth this commitment."
How the Euro Became Europe's Greatest Threat
APPart 2: The Euro Is a Fair-Weather Construct
But the causes of the euro crisis are more deep-seated than that. The monetary union is a fair-weather construct, as a number of economists said from the beginning. American economist Milton Friedman, for example, predicted that the euro would not survive its first major crisis, and later, in 2002, he added: "Euroland will collapse in five to 15 years."
For these reasons, the euro crisis, as suddenly as it occurred, was expected. However, the warnings had been ignored and treated as a minor nuisance. More than anything, the euro was a political project. Its advocates, most notably then German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and then French President François Mitterrand, wanted to permanently unite the continent's core countries and embed Germany, which many neighboring countries perceived as a threat following reunification, in the European community.
Politicians hoped that as a result of the common currency, the underlying problem of the euro's design would resolve itself, namely that the member states would almost automatically settle in at the same pace of economic development.
It was a deceptive hope. In fact, it was only interest rates that converged, now that the European Central Bank (ECB) was setting uniform rates for strong and weak members alike throughout the entire economic zone. As a result, a great deal of capital flowed to Spain and Ireland, where a real estate bubble developed, while the Greeks and the Portuguese were able to live shamelessly beyond their means. They imported more than they exported and took on more new debt to pay for their consumption.
This behavior continued unabated until the financial crisis put an end to it. Suddenly money was scarce. The bubbles in Ireland and Spain burst, the economy in the euro zone collapsed, and the Greeks were forced to admit that their debts were much higher than they had ever disclosed before -- and that they had falsified their numbers from the beginning and should, in fact, never have been allowed to join the monetary union in the first place.
Has the Euro Pushed Europe Apart?
Since then, the monetary union has been on the brink of collapse. Far from growing together economically, Europe has in fact grown even further apart. As a result, the chances that the euro will survive in its current form are slimmer than ever. Politicians who ignore the laws of economics cannot go unpunished in the long run.
If national currencies still existed, countries like Greece and Portugal could resort to a proven means of reducing their lack of competitiveness. They would simply have to devalue their drachma or their escudo, and then the laws of supply and demand would see to it that the flow of commodities was diverted.
The prices of Greek and Portuguese products would go down to make them more marketable abroad. At the same time, money would be worth less in Athens or Lisbon, so that residents of those countries could afford to buy fewer imported goods. This would be beneficial for the trade balance. Exports would rise and so would the foreign currency revenues, allowing the countries to service their debts more effectively. Not the government but the markets would reduce economic imbalances.
But in a monetary union, the exchange rate is no longer available as an adjustment valve. Instead, the member countries must regain their competitiveness in different ways, namely by imposing tough austerity measures and reducing wages and prices. In a monetary union, it is up to the governments to enforce what the exchange rate would do in a system of competing currencies.
Muddling Through
If this fails, the mountain of debt will continue to grow. In the end, a country with a large deficit has three options. First, it can declare itself insolvent and, after restructuring its debt, attempt to rebuild its economy. Second, it can also withdraw from the monetary union and reintroduce its national currency. Third, it can convince the creditor countries to keep issuing new loans, thereby providing it with permanent financing.
For more than a year now, European governments have been trying out a fourth option: muddling through.
And for just as long, politicians have been assuring the people that this approach is the alternative, and that it will end up costing taxpayers nothing at all, because the ailing countries will repay the debt, with interest and compound interest, once they've been bailed out. In fact, they argue, the whole thing is even a good business arrangement for the rescuers.
The truth is that governments and monetary watchdogs, despite all protestations to the contrary, have continually expanded their bailout programs, have built up massive risks that could significantly burden future generations and have violated both the European treaties and the iron-clad principles of the ECB.
To date, the history of the euro rescue program has not been a successful one. In fact, it is more of a history of mistakes and broken promises.
'There Will be No Budgetary Funds for Greece '
On March 1, 2010, Chancellor Merkel's spokeswoman said: "A clear no. There will be no budgetary funds for Greece." At that point, Athens was on the verge of bankruptcy, and politicians with Germany's center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and pro-business Free Democratic Party (FDP) were suggesting that the country sell off a few islands.
On May 2, the euro countries and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) approved a €110 billion bailout package for the beleaguered country. Although the German portion of the loans was coming from the government-owned development bank KfW and not the budget, the federal government still served as guarantor. Every euro the Greeks do not repay will constitute a burden on the German taxpayer.
It was the first lapse, the first violation of the European treaties, which categorically rule out aid payments to needy euro countries. This so-called no-bailout clause was intended to guarantee that the monetary union didn't become a transfer union, and that the strong wouldn't have to pay for the weak. It was crucial to the acceptance of the treaty by the national parliaments; without it the German parliament, the Bundestag, would not have agreed to the monetary union.
The second lapse occurred soon afterwards. On May 9, 2010, the first euro bailout fund was launched. Although the volume of €440 billion alone made it clear that the opposite was the case, Merkel and Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble tried to downplay the importance of the European Financial Stability Fund (EFSF). They insisted that the fund was purely a precaution, would not be used and, most of all, was temporary.
"An extension of the current bailout funds will not happen on Germany's watch," Merkel said in Brussels on Sept. 16, 2010. This promise, too, lasted only a few months. On March 25, 2011, the leaders of the euro zone approved a new, constant crisis mechanism. Although it has a different name, the European Stability Mechanism (ESM), it will function on the basis of the same principle as its predecessor fund, the EFSF, beginning in mid-2013. The euro countries want to pry loose €700 billion for the fund, which will include a cash contribution for the first time. The Germans will be asked to pay at least €22 billion. To do so, Germany would have to take on additional debt.
'Outcome Is Very Close to a Transfer Union '
As if this weren't enough, in March the euro-zone member states also agreed that both the current bailout fund, the EFSF, and its successor, the ESM, would be authorized to buy government bonds from bankruptcy candidates with low credit ratings in the future. As a result, countries living beyond their means will no longer be punished with high interest rates, and market mechanisms will be eroded. Even the CDU's Michael Meister, one of the financial policy experts loyal to Merkel, says: "The outcome comes very close to a transfer union, which we reject."
All assurances aside, performance in return for Germany's willingness to play along would be absent again and again. Representatives of Merkel's government coalition government in Berlin have outdone each other in calling for strict penalties for countries that violate the euro-zone's deficit rules. There was talk of eliminating voting rights, of freezing EU subsidies like the bloated agriculture fund and, as a last-ditch solution, even of exclusion from the monetary union.
Most of all, however, the penalties were to be imposed automatically in the future when a country's budget deficit exceeded three percent of its gross domestic product. "We support the greatest amount of automatism possible," Merkel said in September 2010.
After taking a walk with French President Nicolas Sarkozy in the French seaside resort of Deauville, the chancellor abandoned the position that the deficit process was to be triggered automatically. Instead, the finance ministers in the euro zone must set it in motion first, meaning that any decision would be subject to the usual horsetrading in Brussels.
Part 3: A Clear Market Reaction
The reaction by the markets to what is the biggest failure to date in the efforts to rescue the euro has been very clear. The yields for Greek and Irish government bonds rose, and Ireland sought protection from the bailout fund in November 2010, followed by Portugal in April 2011.
In recent months, the governments of the euro-zone countries have gradually expanded their bailout programs, and the risks for the German people and taxpayers have grown with each step.
There are already estimates of how much the Greek crisis will truly end up costing German taxpayers if the crisis drags on for years or a debt haircut becomes necessary. Economists Ansgar Belke of the University of Duisburg-Essen and Christian Dreger of Viadrina University in Frankfurt an der Oder estimate the cost at about €40 billion.
The Cologne Institute for Economic Research (IW) estimates the cost to German taxpayers at €65 billion if Portugal, Ireland and Spain also become insolvent. In the event of a complete collapse of the euro zone, Germany would be liable for all the guarantees and bailout aid it has provided.
And the potential costs for German taxpayers wouldn't stop there because they are also indirectly affected by the risks lurking in the accounts of the ECB and the state-controlled banks. Since May 2010, the ECB has spent €75 billion purchasing government bonds from ailing euro countries. Its goal was to bring calm to the markets and prevent the risk premiums for the bonds from skyrocketing. But many used the opportunity to unload the risky securities on the central bank.
The ECB is believed to have spent €40-50 billion to date on Greek government bonds. In addition, as of the end of April it had refinanced Greek banks to the tune of €90 billion.
Hardly anyone knows how high the risks are for the ECB. It has also accepted €480 billion in structured securities from the banks as collateral. The euro crisis has already turned into a threat to the ECB. German taxpayers bear 27 percent of the risk, which corresponds to the German Bundesbank's share of ECB capital.
Back at the Brink
Despite all of these bailout measures, and despite the risks that their rescuers have assumed, the weak euro countries are back where they were a little over a year ago, namely on the brink. The risk premiums on their government bonds have climbed to new record highs. The Greeks need fresh cash to avert bankruptcy, and the risk of the crisis spreading to other euro countries is far from averted.
The aid that euro countries and the IMF have provided to Greece so far is not enough. They had naïvely assumed that the crisis would end quickly. And they had seriously anticipated that the Greeks would return to the capital markets within the next two years, in order to raise about €60 billion on their own.
The money is missing because the Greek government, despite all of its reform efforts, is still not seen as creditworthy. This is why the funding gap needs to be closed, including with fresh money from the Europeans.
In return, the Greeks must fulfill even more stringent requirements. Given the Greek government crisis, achieving this seems more uncertain than ever. When the first bailout package of €110 billion was approved, Athens reacted with tough measures. Pensions were slashed, tobacco, petroleum and value-added taxes were drastically increased, and it was made easier for companies to lay workers off.
Nevertheless, Prime Minister Papandreou failed to meet the targets set by the so-called troika, consisting of the IMF, the ECB and the European Commission, the EU's executive arm. A maximum budget deficit of 8.1 percent of GDP had been stipulated for 2010, but in the end the deficit was 10.5 percent. After a "strong start" in the summer of 2010, the implementation of reforms has come to a "standstill in recent quarters," the troika concludes in its latest report. It also states that the gap between the planned and the actual deficit has once again "grown significantly" in recent months.
"There are many holy cows that were not slaughtered," explains Jens Bastian, an economist living in Athens. While more than 200,000 jobs were cut nationwide, many state-owned companies in particular are still seen as goldmines when it comes to sinecures.
In contrast to those privileged Greeks working in state-owned companies and government agencies, more and more people are now forced to live on small pensions or minimum-wage earnings of €750 to €800 a month, plus bonuses. Such incomes were hardly enough to live on in the past, and now they are to be reduced across the board or offset by drastic increases in the rate of tax on consumer goods.
Suffering and Sacrifices in Greece
"People don't know why they are suffering and making these sacrifices," says Athens political science professor Seraphim Seferiades. "The privilege of being in the euro zone is losing more and more of its value for people, because they benefit less and less from it." Almost 30 percent of Greeks would prefer to return to the drachma sooner rather than later.
Now the government will have to approve additional austerity measures if it is to obtain fresh cash from the EU and the IMF, in the form of a second aid package worth between €90 billion and €120 billion for the period until 2014. Greece will have to pay off old debts and make new ones. The government debt is currently about 150 percent of GDP and will likely rise to 160 percent soon.
How can such a weak country ever pay off such a huge debt? For once, almost all economists agree: It will be impossible without a debt restructuring involving creditors writing off large parts of their debts.
But a so-called haircut on Greek debt is not politically feasible at the moment. The financial markets are still too fragile, opponents argue, warning that it could trigger a new financial crisis like the one that followed the collapse of the US investment bank Lehman Brothers.
Germany Demands Private Investor Participation
But the Germans have been insisting that private sector creditors must also make a contribution to overcoming the crisis. Members of parliament with the governing parties -- the CDU, its Bavarian sister party the CSU, and the FDP -- recently made it clear to the government that they will reject another aid package in parliament if that doesn't happen. The chief budget expert with the CDU/CSU's parliamentary group, Norbert Barthle, urged his fellow members of parliament to act quickly. "If we wait much longer," he says, "there will hardly be any bonds left in the hands of private investors. Then taxpayers will end up shouldering the Greek bailout by themselves."
CSU Chairman Horst Seehofer agrees wholeheartedly. He is all too familiar with the constraints imposed by the general public in Germany, the majority of whom oppose a second bailout for Greece. "Experts have been telling me for a year that a restructuring of Greek debt is necessary," he says. "The time has come to start involving private lenders."
The German government recently came up with a proposal that would involve lenders in a relatively painless fashion: They would exchange their bonds for new securities with longer maturities. The contribution by the euro-zone countries would be reduced accordingly.
But with this demand, the Germans found themselves largely isolated. They were already viewed as troublemakers during the first Greek bailout, when they reluctantly yielded to the will of the majority and pressure from the ECB. Now, once again, they have been pressured from all sides to go along with the majority view.
That point was reached last Friday, when Merkel and Sarkozy agreed to a toothless compromise in Berlin. They agreed that private lenders should be involved in the new bailout package for Greece, but only on a voluntary basis -- a largely ineffective provision.
This solution is much too feeble for many German parliamentarians. "This is not the lender involvement that the Bundestag had demanded," says Frank Schäffler, a financial policy expert with the FDP. His CDU counterpart, Manfred Kolbe, even characterizes it as "fraudulent labeling," saying: "We need a debt haircut, and it won't happen voluntarily." CSU European expert Thomas Silberhorn calls for "binding regulations with the mandatory participation of private investors."
But from Sarkozy's standpoint, a tougher solution could jeopardize French banks. They are heavily exposed to Greek debt and could face serious difficulties.
Part 4: German Banks, Insurers Unload Greek Bonds
German banks and insurance companies have systematically reduced their holdings of Greek government bonds. Since the beginning of 2010, they have reduced their total exposure from €34.8 billion to €17.3 billion, not including debt held by the state-owned development bank KfW. Insurance companies have reduced their investment in Greek bonds from €5.8 billion to only €2.8 billion in the last year.
In Germany, it is state-owned banks who have the greatest exposure to Greek debt. Commerzbank, a quarter of which is owned by the federal government, holds €2.9 billion in Greek bonds. The state-owned regional banks known as Landesbanken and their so-called bad banks hold additional risks of more than €4 billion.
The biggest dangers by far lurk on the books of FMS Wertmanagement, the bad bank for the nationalized mortgage lender Hypo Real Estate. It holds Greek government bonds and loans that constitute an economic risk of €10.8 billion. In the event of a debt restructuring, taxpayers would be hit hardest in Germany. A haircut would mean that FMS alone would need several billion in fresh equity capital.
ECB Considers Debt Crisis Greatest Risk To Banks
Now that the Germans and the French seem to be largely in agreement, they merely have to convince the ECB, the most determined opponent to date of the German proposal to require private sector involvement. The Frankfurt-based central bankers fear that this would trigger massive turmoil on the international money markets. In its new financial market stability report, the ECB categorizes the euro-zone sovereign debt crisis as the greatest risk to banks.
Most of all, the ECB doesn't want investors to be forced to write off part of their debt. The monetary watchdogs warn that the consequences would incalculable.
They argue that as soon as the powerful rating agencies gain the impression that the Greek government is not fulfilling its obligations without the complete consent of its creditors, they will have to downgrade its credit rating to D, the lowest level. The letter stands for "default." Even if the maturities of Greek bonds were extended with the consent of the lenders, they would have to be downgraded to a rating of SD, or "selective default."
Either way, under its statutes the ECB would no longer be allowed to accept such securities as collateral in returning for providing liquidity to banks. The consequences would be catastrophic. Greek banks would be largely cut off from the European money cycle and would thus run the risk of becoming illiquid. The Greek banking system would find itself on the brink of collapse.
Paving the Path to Euro Bonds
This is precisely where a compromise proposal that Finance Minister Schäuble plans to present to the ECB and to his counterparts from the euro-zone countries comes in. Under the proposal, if Greek bonds are no longer accepted as collateral following the participation of private lenders, the ECB will simply have to be offered bonds that satisfy its requirements.
A 10-member "Greece Task Force" at the German Finance Ministry has worked out how this could function. The experts propose that the Greek government, in addition to the €90 billion-€120 billion in fresh cash it may receive from the euro-zone countries and the IMF as part of a second bailout, also be given access to bonds issued by the EFSF, the euro rescue fund. It could pass on these securities, which have the rating agencies' highest rating of AAA, to Greek banks, which in turn could use them as collateral to obtain liquidity from the ECB.
The problem is that this measure would make the new bailout package significantly more expensive. To ensure that the EFSF had sufficient funds for the operation, its financial scope would have to be increased so that it could really make €440 billion available, as it was originally intended to do. To achieve this, the member states would have to double the scope of their respective guarantees. Germany, for example, would be liable for €246 billion in the future, instead of the current €123 billion.
The would-be euro rescuers are also considering accessing the so-called Hellenic Financial Stability Fund. This fund, set up as part of the first Greek bailout package in May 2010, contains €10 billion, which could be used to boost the capital of Greek banks in an emergency. The fund hasn't been touched yet.
Part 5: Berlin Expecting the Worst
The details of the new bailout plan are to be worked out by July. This is absolutely necessary, because if the next tranche of aid is not paid by mid-July, Greece will be bankrupt.
Despite all of these hiccups, the money will flow to the Greeks. But no one, including the German government, believes that this will solve the problems in the euro zone. After more than a year of uninterrupted attempts at fighting the crisis, officials in Berlin are expecting the worst and intend to be ready just in case.
For this reason, Schäuble's crisis team has been instructed to review all possible scenarios. For example, what happens if a country can no longer meet its payment obligations or if a member leaves the monetary union? And how can imbalances in a common currency zone be averted?
There are essentially two alternatives. The first is a radical one, in which the governments pull the plug and leave the beleaguered countries to fend for themselves. The second, more pragmatic solution is to continue muddling along, though somewhat more efficiently, and to hope that things improve. Neither option will be cheap.
The radical cure works like this: Disappointed by the lack of progress and prospects for improvement, the euro-zone countries leave Greece to fend for itself. They refuse to throw even more money at Athens after all the money they have already spent.
The country would quickly become insolvent, because it would no longer be able to borrow any money on the markets. Because Greek lenders still shoulder a substantial portion of the government debt, the country's banking sector could see a number of bankruptcies.
This approach also carries with it the threat of contagion. If Greece slides into uncontrolled bankruptcy, investors might refuse to invest their money in other ailing euro-zone members. Even more banks could collapse in the ensuing chain reaction.
The Nuclear Option
In light of these incalculable developments, many are now considering the nuclear option as a real alternative: Greece withdraws from the monetary union and reintroduces the drachma. The government in Athens was already toying with the idea weeks ago, and now even internationally respected economists are recommending it. "A withdrawal from the euro would be the lesser of two evils," says Hans-Werner Sinn, head of the respected Munich-based Ifo Institute for Economic Research.
Nouriel Roubini, an economist at New York University, also supports the idea. The renowned professor argues Greece's only chance is to devalue its own currency and thus improve its competitiveness. Roubini was one of the few to predict the financial crisis three years ago.
In every financial crisis to date, it has taken a devaluation of the currency to reinvigorate the economy of a crisis-stricken country, Roubini argues. But historic examples can only be applied to the conditions in a monetary union to a limited extent.
The crisis would not end after Greece's withdrawal. In fact, it could even get worse. The country's debts would still be denominated in euros, which would turn them into foreign-currency debts overnight. Their value in the new national currency would rise rapidly, because the drachma would be devalued. Greek borrowers would be all but unable to meet their obligations.
Banks, in turn, would come under pressure, both in Greece and in the rest of the euro zone. And costly bailout measures for the banking industry would be needed once again.
At the end of such a development, the monetary union could disintegrate into a hard-currency bloc and a group with its own, weaker currencies. Critics of the common currency, like former Bundesbank board member Wilhelm Nölling, favor such a solution. Nölling and a group of like-minded people once filed and lost a suit against the introduction of the euro before Germany's Federal Constitutional Court, and now he is suing the government once against over the euro bailout fund. The court's decision is still pending.
The alternative to the breakup of the monetary union is hardly any less threatening, leading as it does directly to a transfer union. After a year of Greek bailouts, the beginning is already underway, and starting in 2013 the planned permanent bailout fund, the ESM, (which EU finance ministers approved on Monday) will be yet another step on this dangerous path.
Echoes of Italy's Mezzogiorno and Belgium's Wallonia
The end result could look something like this: The deficit countries would require permanent financing from the more stable north. What was treated as a loan in the past would be transformed into a subsidy, and thus requiring neither interest nor repayment. The monetary union would become a financial union and the debtor countries the permanent recipients of subsidies, dependent on contributions from their economically more powerful neighbors -- much like the Mezzogiorno in Italy or Belgium's Wallonia region.
To prevent this from happening, many politicians specializing in financial and economic affairs recommend bringing about the political union of Europe as quickly as possible, a union with a strong central government. They argue that if the nations in the euro zone formed a closer union, they could coordinate their financial systems more effectively, thus providing the common currency with a political foundation.
This would make it easier to implement reforms in the recipient countries and improve their competitiveness. Just recently, ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet proposed installing a European finance ministry equipped with the right to intervene in the individual member states.
A Cautionary Tale in German Reunification
But it isn't quite that easy. More integration doesn't necessarily mean that economic imbalances would disappear as a result. No one understands this better than the Germans, who had similar experiences with the monetary union between the two Germanys about 20 years ago. Effective July 1, 1990, the deutschmark became the official currency of East Germany. It was largely exchanged for the former East German mark at a ratio of one-to-one. The East German states joined the Federal Republic of Germany only three months later. It was the model case of a monetary union that was accompanied by a political union.
But anyone who believed that rapid unification would lessen the economic shock of the monetary union between the two Germanys was soon disappointed. In fact, the economic imbalances in reunified Germany became entrenched after that. Thousands of companies in the former East Germany went out of business, because they were unable to bring productivity up to Western standards.
The unemployment figures exploded, and financial transfers between the two parts of the country soon exceeded the trillion mark. To this day, the former East German states still lag behind the former West German states in terms of economic strength, productivity and income.
German reunification did nothing to change this. It merely helped to financially cushion the negative consequences of the monetary union. The states of the former East Germany were incorporated into the West German inter-state fiscal adjustment system (under which money is transferred from richer to poorer states) under favorable terms, and the former East Germans were suddenly given access to the blessings of the generous West German social system.
The lesson is clear: German unification is not a valid role model for European politicians, but rather a cautionary tale. It shows how quickly a poorly designed monetary union can lead to a permanent transfer union.
Such a model would in any case be incompatible with the European treaties. New agreements would have to be negotiated and ratified by all national parliaments, and perhaps even approved in referendums.
But perhaps the people of Europe and their representatives will decide the fate of the monetary union first. It could happen in Athens or in Lisbon, if the necessary reforms fail as a result of popular protests. Or in Berlin -- should the billions in loan guarantees actually come due.
REPORTED BY THOMAS DARNSTÄDT, ARMIN MAHLER, PETER MÜLLER, CHRISTOPH PAULY, CHRISTIAN REIERMANN, MICHAEL SAUGA AND ANNE SEITH
Translated from the German by Christopher Sultan
 
