Buh-SEN-jee
Description
Basenji are smooth, muscular, athletic dogs on the small side. The head is wrinkled around the forehead and the muzzle is shorter than the skull. The skull is flat. The small, almond-shaped eyes are dark hazel to dark brown. The ears are straight, small, erect and  open     in the front. The dog's back is level and the legs are straight. The tail is set high and curled over to either side. The coat is short, shiny and fine and comes in pure black, copper, red, chestnut red, or tricolor in combinations of black, tan and white, or black, brindle and white. The AKC standard calls for the dog to have white on the feet, chest and tip of the tail. White legs, blaze and collar are optional. The Basenji does not bark, but rather makes a yodel noise. They also howl, growl and crow, depending on the dog's mood.
Temperament
The Basenji is alert, affectionate, energetic and curious. It loves to play and makes a good pet, as long as it is   handled regularly from an early age. It is very intelligent, responds well to   training with a strong desire to please. They can be reserved with strangers, socialize well .   The Basenji is somewhat reserved, but can still form strong bonds with humans. It   should not be trusted with non-canine pets . They do   best with children who understand how to display leadership towards the dog. The Basenji dislike wet weather. They like     to chew , so giving them lots of toys of their own would be a good idea. The     breed likes to climb and can easily get over chain wire fences.      It has the unique properties of not barking (it makes a low, liquid ululation     instead) and of cleaning itself like a cat . It can be described as speedy,     frisky, tireless at play. Most Basenji problems usually     involve a mismatch between owner and pet. The owners mistake the adjective "quiet' to mean inactive instead of noiseless; thus, they become harassed     by an active, though relatively silent , dog. They need daily exercise to release mental and physical energy . Basenji are very     clever at getting their own way, they succeed less by obstinacy than by charm, and therefore need an owner who displays natural authority . One who makes rules and sticks to them. Calm, but firm, confident and consistent Basenji who have meek or passive owners, or owners who are not consistent with the rules will become demanding. The dog will assume the role of pack leader and behavior problems will arise, especially when left alone . WIth an owner who understands canine behaviors and treats the dog accordingly, will find them to be wonderful pets.
Height, Weight
Height: Dogs 16-17 inches (41-43 cm.) Bitches 15-16 inches (38-41 cm.)
Weight: Dogs 22-26 pounds (10-12 kg.) Bitches 20-25 pounds (9-11 kg.)
Health Problems
This breed is prone to Fanconi's syndrome (kidney problems), which must be treated the moment the symptoms are noticed. Also, they are susceptible to progressive retinal atrophy, intestinal, and eye problems.
Living Conditions
The Basenji will do okay in an apartment if it gets enough exercise. It is very active indoors and a small yard will do. The Basenji is happiest when it is kept with two or three other Basenji; they will not fight among themselves.
Exercise
The Basenji need vigorous daily exercise. They have a tendency to become fat and lazy unless the owner is consistent about it.  This breed needs a long daily walk .
Life Expectancy
About 10-12 years
Litter Size
4 - 6 puppies. Female Basenji come into     heat  once a year, where as most other breeds are twice a year.
Grooming
The Basenji washes itself like a cat and has no doggie smell, so very little grooming is needed. This is a good dog for people with allergies. This breed sheds little to no hair.
Origin
The first traces of a dog similar to the Basenji   are found in Egyptian tombs and wall drawings of five thousand years ago. Also   called the Congo Dog, it was first introduced to England in 1937.  English breeders refined   it and exported it all over the world. In Africa the dog was used by the natives as a guide in the forest, to warn against the approach of dangerous animals, for pointing and retrieving of small game and driving game into nets. The first litter of Basenji puppies born and raised to maturity in the USA was in 1941 and the breed was first recognized by the AKC in 1944.
Group
