New president for WWF-UK
Our former President was HRH Princess Alexandra, The Hon Lady Ogilvy KG, GCVO
Our Vice President, until his death in September 2009, was Lord Aubrey Leland Oakes Buxton of Also, KCVO MC DL .
Does WWF work with Fellowship Ethical and The Phoenix Tree Project?
It's been brought to our attention that our name (WWF-UK) and Panda logo are being used by a company called Fellowship Ethical to promote an investment opportunity called "The Phoenix Tree Project". At no time has WWF-UK authorised the use of our name and logo by Fellowship Ethical and we have no connections at all with this company or this project.  We have alerted the appropriate authorities and meanwhile we'd urge all our supporters and anyone who's reading this message to exercise extreme caution in becoming involved with Fellowship Ethical.
How is my adoption money spent?
Adopting a species is one of the most popular ways in which people choose to support our work.  Many people have a favourite species they choose to adopt, and this can mean that some areas of our work might attract more funding than others.
To give us the flexibility to manage our funds in the most effective way, we currently allocate your adoption money to our work to conserve your adopted species and as more flexible funding for other vital conservation work around the world.
We have found that supporters understand this need to be able to spend our adoption funds in areas where there is also vital need alongside our key species conservation projects.
What do you do with the money that I give to WWF?
*  71% is used directly for conservation programmes and field projects, campaigns, education and raising awareness of environmental threats.
*  28% is used to support our fundraising efforts - including advertising to recruit new supporters and communicating with existing members and supporters. This is an essential and efficient investment, because for every pound we devote to fundraising, we generate more than £3 as a result. Our income grew by over 20% in 2010 as a result of the investment we have made in fundraising in this and previous years.
* the other 1% is spent on 'governance and monitoring systems' - basically the kind of legal and accounting costs all large companies and charities have to allow for.
You can be sure we're always looking at ways of cutting our administrative costs and overheads wherever possible, especially in tight financial times.
You'll find more details of specific WWF projects and activities in our most recent  Annual Review
How is adoption money allocated between conservation work with the specific species and WWF's wider work?
Tiger
Adoption funds are split between tiger conservation and WWF's wider work.
Amur Leopard
Adoption funds are split between amur leopard conservation and WWF's wider work.
Orangutan
Adoption funds are split between orangutan conservation and WWF's wider work.
Panda
Adoption funds are split between panda conservation and WWF's wider work.
Dolphin
Adoption funds are split between dolphin conservation and WWF's wider work.
Elephant
Adoption funds are split between elephant conservation and WWF's wider work.
Rhino
Adoption funds are split between rhino conservation and WWF's wider work.
Penguin
Adoption funds are split between penguin conservation, climate change work and WWF's wider work.
Polar Bear
Adoption funds are split between polar bear conservation, climate change work and WWF's wider work.
Turtles
Adoption funds are split between turtle conservation, climate change work and and WWF's wider work..
Jaguar
Funds are allocated to the Acre rainforest conservation project which benefits jaguars and other species  who live in the forest
Sponsor an Acre
Funds are allocated to the Acre rainforest conservation project
I need to cancel my Direct Debit as my circumstances have changed.  How do I do this?
A. You can cancel your Direct Debit at any time by contacting your bank.  Some banks may request this in writing.  Please also advise us of your cancellation by downloading a form , completing and returning it to us.
I need to cancel my Gift Aid Declaration as I am no longer a UK taxpayer.  How do I do this?
A. You can cancel your Gift Aid Declaration at anytime by calling Supporter Care on 01483 426 333.  All we need is the date that you ceased paying Income Tax.
Download a form
I want to change the amount of my Direct Debit payments, how do I do this?
A. You can change your Direct Debit payment amount at any time by simply calling Supporter Care on 01483 426 333.  Alternatively, you can download a form , complete and return direct to us.  Upon receipt of the completed from, we will make the changes to your Direct Debit.   If you pay for an adoption or membership the minimum that you can pay is £3.00 per month or £36.00 per annum.  Should you wish to pay less than this, your adoption or membership will be cancelled and your payment will be used as a regular donation.
Can I support you from overseas by Direct Debit?
A. Yes it is possible to support us by Direct Debit if you are overseas BUT only if you have a UK bank or building society account that accepts Direct Debits.
If you do not have a UK bank or building society that accepts Direct Debit, you can still support us by paying annually by credit card or bank transfer.  With bank transfer, please ensure that you quote your supporter number and state what the payment is for.
Please note that there is an additional charge to cover the cost of postage overseas - Europe £4.00, Rest of the World £9.00.
I pay by Direct Debit and my bank account has changed.  How do I update my account details with you?
A. Usually, if you change your bank account details, your bank will provide a service where they notify all of your Direct Debit Service Users of your new account details so you don't have to do anything.  However, if you have chosen to advise all Service Users of your new details yourself, you can download a printable form .
I currently pay monthly by Direct Debit but I want to pay on a date of my choice.  How can I do this?
A. We do appreciate that not everyone likes to pay by Direct Debit.  However, this is a safe method of payment and reduces our administration fees considerably.  You are also protected by the Direct Debit Guarantee.  This means that if a payment is taken from your account that you have not agreed to, you are entitled to an immediate refund from your bank or building society.  When you set up a Direct Debit, we will write and advise you at least 10 working days before any money is taken from you account.  If the dates or amounts change, again we will write to you at least 10 working days before any money is taken from your account.
If you would still prefer to pay by an alternative method, we would recommend a Standing Order.  This is an instruction between yourself and your bank to make payments to WWF on a date of your choice and this instruction cannot be changed in any way by WWF.
Download a printable form
I don't like Direct Debit. Can I pay by Standing Order instead?
A. We do appreciate that not everyone likes to pay by Direct Debit.  However, this is a safe method of payment and reduces our administration fees considerably.  You are also protected by the Direct Debit Guarantee.  This means that if a payment is taken from your account that you have not agreed to, you are entitled to an immediate refund from your bank or building society.  When you set up a Direct Debit, we will write and advise you at least 10 working days before any money is taken from you account.  If the dates or amounts change, again we will write to you at least 10 working days before any  money is taken from your account.
If you still prefer to pay by Standing Order, you can download a printable form .
I would like to change my Direct Debit to be taken from my account on a date of my choice. How do I do this?
A. It is currently not possible to specify a payment date of your choice  when paying by Direct Debit as we only have one claim per month, which  takes place anywhere between the 23rd and the last day of each month.
If our choice of claim date is not convenient for you, we would recommend that you pay by Standing Order instead.  This is an instruction between yourself and your bank to make payments to WWF on a date of your choice and this instruction cannot be changed in any way by WWF.
Download a printable form
How will my choice of wood products in the UK have an impact on illegal logging?
At WWF-UK our campaigns are mainly about reaching people in the UK, as that is where we can have the most influence.  But we also work with other WWF offices in Europe who are reaching people in their countries with these same messages.
In the UK and other developed countries we consume a proportionately larger share of the world's timber products (according to latest available Forestry Commission statistics, the UK imported 5.8 million m3 of sawnwood and nearly 9 million tonnes of pulp and paper from around the world in 2008 alone). We also tend to have more opportunities to make choices about which products we choose than people in poorer countries who may not have as much choice.  Therefore we have the opportunity to have a significant influence on the timber industry through the products we choose.
It can sometimes seem difficult to see how we in the UK can make a difference when we are a small proportion of the world's population.  But everyone can make a difference.  We all have a part to play, and supporting a responsible timber trade is a great way to make a positive difference to people and wildlife.
How does WWF work on dolphin conservation?
While WWF is not working on dolphin hunts in Japan, we have a long and active history in whale, dolphin and porpoise conservation. WWF is the only NGO working to conserve all river dolphin species, and has many active programmes to conserve coastal and marine whales, dolphins and porpoises.
Some prominent examples include WWF-New Zealand’s efforts to conserve the critically endangered Maui’s dolphins, resulting in a major announcement by the New Zealand Government of fishing bans to protect the dolphins from bycatch. WWF-Mexico has worked for many years to reduce bycatch of the critically endangered vaquita, by working closely with the government to introduce safe alternative fishing methods, help fishers transition to sustainable alternative livelihoods, and establish the monitoring and enforcement measures necessary to prevent the extinction of the species.
In fact, WWF works on all eight species of small cetacean which are listed as threatened (critically endangered, endangered or vulnerable) by IUCN.
WWF also works to highlight the plight of dolphins and porpoises internationally, and increase international protection and conservation efforts. At the 61st International Whaling Commission (IWC) meeting in 2009, WWF issued a very well received report highlighting the plight of small cetaceans , and urging governments and inter-governmental fora to prioritise protection and conservation efforts for these species. In particular, the report criticised the IWC for only managing hunts of large whales, and urged the IWC and all its contracting governments to also include small cetaceans in its remit, and ensure no unsustainable small cetacean hunts are allowed to continue.
What is WWF’s position on dolphin hunts?
There are some cetacean hunts which WWF does not oppose, such as those in the Arctic, which are undertaken by indigenous peoples, and are necessary for subsistence purposes and are an important part of the traditions and cultures of the indigenous people involved. For example, “aboriginal subsistence whaling” is approved by the IWC in order to meet the subsistence food needs of indigenous communities (e.g. Russia, Alaska and Greenland). The "drive-hunt" hunt in Japan cannot be justified on either of those grounds.
“Drive hunting” dolphins in Japan was once widespread, but in recent times was limited mainly to two villages – Futo in Shizuoka Prefecture, and Taiji in Wakayama Prefecture. Footage of the Futo hunt taken in 1999 raised an international outcry. The Futo hunt was apparently suspended in 2000, although a small drive hunt in 2004 resulted in five dolphins killed, and 14 sent to aquariums. It appears that the drive hunt no longer continues in Futo – Futo village have established a whale and dolphin watching enterprise instead, which it's expected will be a more financially profitable enterprise than hunting. The only place drive hunting for dolphins continues on a large scale in Japan is Taiji, where the footage for ‘The Cove’ was shot.
WWF believes that, as the hunt is not necessary for subsistence or cultural reasons, and as management of the hunt has not been transparent – at present we do not have evidence that the hunt is part of a wildlife management scheme, including population assessment and management, quota designation based on science, and adaptive management – it would seem that a switch in Taiji from dolphin hunting to dolphin and whale watching would be a positive move. If members of the public would like to find out more, we suggest visiting the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society website, as the organisation is actively campaigning on this issue and on the site .
Find out more about WWF's work on dolphin conservation .
How many employees can receive Business Club newsletters directly?
You can provide us with a list of up to five employees to receive our Business Club e-communications. We’d encourage you to circulate these to all your employees or put the content on your staff intranet to help engage the whole company in your Business Club membership.
How many Business Club e-communications will I receive per year?
You will receive a minimum of three Business Club e-communications per year.
Our e-newsletters will cover business sustainability issues and will contain articles on areas of our work that are particularly relevant for companies - such as resource management and climate change - and will provide updates on our conservation programmes and key campaigns.
Can I use the Business Club stamp on my products?
No. Our Business Club stamp can not be used to drive sales of products or services, as this would become ‘Cause Related Marketing’ and would need to be explored as part of a corporate partnership.
Thus the Business Club stamp can not be positioned next to products or services on your website, or printed on products or packaging.
If you are interested in exploring a corporate partnership with us please contact a member of the Corporate Partnerships team .
Where can I use the Business Club stamp?
You can use our Business Club stamp (in accordance with our guidelines) on your website to communicate your membership to customers and suppliers.
What will my Business Club membership fee be used for?
Your membership fee will provide vital funds for the charity. We encourage you to read our annual report and financial statement if you would like further information.
Why do you employ a marketing agency to produce your donor appeals?
A. We believe the work we do is important so we need to ensure that we can communicate this clearly and effectively to people to get support and raise awareness. We therefore feel it is important to invest in these communications so that we have the best chance of attracting a response.
One way of doing this without having the costs of a permanent marketing function covering all professional specialisms is to buy in expertise as and when needed. This expertise will be experienced in delivering communications enabling the charity to benefit from best practice to ensure its communications are effective and provide as good value for money as is possible.
Marketing and donor campaigns are set specific financial and public awareness targets by which their effectiveness can be measured to ensure that money isn't wasted.
Why does WWF use blanket fundraising methods like ringing people at home, stopping people in the street and knocking on their doors?
We do try to target communications to reach those people most likely to be interested in our work, but this is not an exact science. Experience has shown us that if charities don't ask people for support using different methods, it is much less likely that we will be able to raise the funds necessary to undertake our work.
In this “multi-channel” world, where people get their information in all sorts of ways, we can't afford to miss out. In addition, different people get their information from different places; not everyone can be reached using the press for example, so without these methods we would risk not communicating with potential supporters.
WWF has found that meeting people in the street or at home helps to raise awareness as well as gaining new and long term support. We ask people to help us by signing a petition, texting a donation or by committing to a regular Direct Debit donation. We do not take cash donations this way. We use the phone to call our existing donors or to contact those that have already expressed an interest in WWF.
We have found all of these fundraising methods to be a cost effective way of reaching new audiences which is vital if we are to maintain and grow our conservation programmes. However we are always monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of these campaigns and if they are no longer proving cost effective we will either adapt or drop the activity.
 
All WWF fundraisers will have an ID Badge and will be wearing clothing or a tabard with our logo on it. They will also be very knowledgeable about the charity.
If you are unsure whether they are genuine or wish to provide any feedback please call our Supporter Care team on 01483 426333 - we are available to answer your calls 9am-5pm Monday to Friday.
Alternatively email us at supportercare@wwf.org.uk ,
or write to us at:
Supporter Care Team
