1 2 3 ... 11 Next »
1. May 11, 2009 2:16 am Link
We have adopted internationally three times.  Each time there was extensive documentation to prove, with a multi-layer paper trail, that our children were orphans and did not have known living relatives.  There were police reports and newspaper notices stating time and place when the child was found asking for information about the family.
I believe that our children were available for adoption because of economic and cultural reasons.  Both countries of origin have traditions of adoption and children are adopted domestically.  However, there are more children needing families than there are families for children.
The idea that people should not be adopting, but sending the money they would be spending on adoption, to the counties to be used to keep families together is noble and worthy.  I know that Holt, the agency we used all three times, does have such programs.  However, our main reasons for adopting were not to “save children and give them the material advantages of the rich world”.  We wanted to expand our family.  The conventional ways don’t work so well for us; and we also believe that overpopulation is a serious problem.
People who want to help needy children  in poor countries should send money.  I don’t think that “helping children” and adoption should be linked.  You adopt because you want children.
I believe in strong measures to protect against abuses in countries where rule of law is weak.  I want to see  international laws and agressive oversight to prevent adoption abuses.  However, when there are children without families, and families who want children,  nationality shouldn’t be an obstacle.  Children need to be part of a family.
— Sharon Reagan
2. May 11, 2009 2:36 am Link
The first child that Madonna adopted from Malawi has a natural Father there, so was not an orphan in real terms. It would have been far better for such a person as Madonna with all her wealth to have improved the conditions of the child’s family home so that the natural Father could himself raise his own child. The same story applies with the second child that Madonna would like to adopt as this child has family too, so in reality is not an orphan. For both children it would be far better for them to be raised within their own Country with support to allow the family to do this where they will retain their identity, culture and native language.
Also when speaking of the Hauge convention one must appreciate that this convention has for many years not served the best interests of the child and the adoptions in the 1990s from Romania for example were proof of this as agencies looked to making large profits from Inter Country adoptions first rather than serving the child’s best interest, which in most cases was not to be adopted abroad.
In many Countries where there is hard poverty a Mother puts her child into care so that she can gain time to improve the family situation and then returns for her child, but in many cases the child has been without her knowledge whipped away for inter country adoption. Poverty is not a crime and is no reason to take any child from its family, but it is a reason for local authorites to rally round and improve the situation in the child’s best interest so that the said child can grow up within its family and own Country.
— Brian Douglas
3. May 11, 2009 3:17 am Link
“would be better off in their home countries”
Never understood why. Who cares if a kid will grow up in England or Brazil or whatever if he is eating, studying, etc? If his chances are outside his country, good for him. I’m sure lots of kids were left behind so the culture won’t disappear anyway, so why one would care I have no idea.
The writer should go see how many families in Somalia, for example, have the possibilities to adopt orphans. It’s always easy to write pretty theories like that with your belly full. My country isn’t that poor and even we have many kids waiting for a family, you have no idea. Most of them will NEVER find one and I’m sure every one of them would rather forget about their language (sorry, but let’s get real, it’s just a language) if it means they have something to eat everyday. But I guess the writer thinks the world should come together to help all these families (I wonder if he helps poor families outside his country?) and the kids should wait for all this to work. Sure.
— Lu D
4. May 11, 2009 3:25 am Link
E.J. Graff and David Smolin sound like beaurocrats one encounters in government offices, devoid of sensitivity, empathy, compassion and human emotions. I agree totally with what Jane Aronson, Diane B. Kunz, Marguerite Wright, and Elizabeth Bartholet have written. An orphan must be placed in a loving home, with a woman capable of giving love. That any one would say that it’s better to bring up a child in poverty and destitution in the child’s home land than bring it up with proper education and loving care,  and in healthful environment baffles me. David Banda is very fortunate indeed that he has been adopted by Madonna. It’s his good karma, I think, that has enabled him to be adopted by someone like Madonna.
— Yesh Prabhu
5. May 11, 2009 3:39 am Link
I forgot to add:
“It amazes me that someone would argue that heritage and cultural identity is what matters most in a child’s life.”
uh, no. Food, clean water, healthy system and school are.
“In both cases, the child’s removal from Malawi would mean the loss of the child’s original language”
In Malawi English is the official language. See, school is way more important than pretty theories.
— Lu D
6. May 11, 2009 5:13 am Link
I’ve had several friends in my lifetime who were adopted in most of the basic ways of being adopted- domestic by the child’s own family, domestic by another family, and international. All have been happy and successful in their situations, and a large reason for that is the stability that their (new) family gave.
Adoption is inherently a sticky situation because you find an exception to almost everything. If parents want to be able to raise their kids, they should be able to over their children getting adopted away… except in the cases where the parents profess a desire to raise kids, but repeatedly show gross negligence. An international adoption from a poor country is great because the child will lead a life in a wealthier country and will have more opportunities… except when the kids are kidnapped from loving parents, who would have otherwise taken good care of the child.
Overall though, I find it interesting that the people who support Madonna either entirely or almost entirely blow off the criticisms of the problems with the system, that Madonna’s adopted (and would-be-adopted) children have families that did not want to see those children taken, and that the most truly needy are the children that are older children. Instead they focus on the benefits to the individual and the fact that they’re giving press to international adoption.
While I am not saying that international adoption is a bad thing, I think that truly the goal should be to help improve conditions in poor countries so less children are institutionalized, to improve the adoption system itself so that children who are in institutions and have no hope of a normal life within their country are adopted while those who are simply there because their family  is going through a rough patch are not stolen away, and there needs to be a look into the remaining family of the children to make sure that they would be good surrogate parents.
The fact that Madonna wants to adopt a child that already has a family (that does not want to see the child spirited away… this is of course also assuming that the family would be a good environment for the child if they had some financial support) should be criticized. While it is easy to say that Mercy would be better off with a wealthy and famous mother, so would any child from a poor family. Wouldn’t any poor child from a bad part of any US city be “better off” if a rich and famous person adopted them? Would we think it was alright for, let’s say… Jackie Chan to go to the worst projects of inner city Detroit and adopt a child against the wishes of the child’s remaining family (again, assuming that they’re proven to be able to take care of them)?
— Shanghai Expat
7. May 11, 2009 6:03 am Link
Why not adopt a child from the United States?
What Oprah said may be true, but her African effort has had its problems.
— annbier
8. May 11, 2009 8:52 am Link
The journalist and the law professor from Samford Unviersity seem to think that having an extended family means children are not orphans. Really? If no one vists them and they live there for 15 years does it matter that an uncle or aunt exist?  They also seem to think that children are owned by a state and a culture. They seem to position them as the property of their birthland. I find this bizarre.
All of the people above who actually work with children and orphans around the world look at it from the POV of the child — not the property rights of the state or their culture.  I’m going with the experts — not the journalists or a alw professor who was burned by his own international adoption experience.
— Suzanne
9. May 11, 2009 9:17 am Link
Don’t look for a pro or con opinion here. I just don’t feel qualified to judge. I’m impressed by the issues raised by the experts who have contributed to this topic.  What I can say is that I have no doubts whatsoever about the good intentions of Madonna and Angelina to provide the best possible lives for their adopted children.
One thing that disturbs me greatly is the case of the child whose own father wants him/her. We don’t know enough about this situation—whether, for example, that father has in mind the idea of gaining a financial “reward” for keeping the child in his care. If this is the case, then it’s no better than extortion. I am assuming that both Madonna and Angelina are making generous contributions to child welfare agencies in the countries involved, in which case their contributions are not controversial.
If I were they (Angelina, Madonna, et al) I would avoid entirely those situations where such difficulties exist. Surely there are hundreds of thousands of truly orphaned children who need rescuing. They can’t expect that they can fall in love with a particular child and thus immediately adopt.
So, here I am, sympathetic and empathetic, but not knowing what the right thing to do is.  And, by the way, I’m 75, living very modestly and in no spot to put my money where my mouth is.
— diane moran
10. May 11, 2009 9:50 am Link
Save the Children should save their advice! How many of them have been orphaned?
I am not a Modonna-music fan per say but I do believe she is a humanitarian, a good mother and cares for the welfare of children. If we are suppose to be citizens of the world and part of a global community  then why shouldn’t Modonna be able to adopt any child who is an orphan?
Being cared for by someone who can give a child a wonderful loving life as well as giving them a first rate education should trump any  reason for being left in a poor country, growing up in an orphanage and not being able to get an education. Who would wish that on any child?
She can give those children educations that their own countries cannot. To leave them in orphanages is insane even if they have extended families. It is well documented that orphanages are not the same as caring parents–biological or adopted.
Africa is a complicated country and they do not always put children first there. Ask any orphan who has become an adult and now has no education or job to support themselves IF they would have preferred being adopted by Modonna when they were a child? I doubt many of them would say “no”.
— Kate
11. May 11, 2009 10:11 am Link
I find E.J. Graff completely unprofessional.
A key underpinning of her thesis – that Western people who adopt internationally are driven by selfishness (see also ‘The Lie We Love’) – is an emotionally-based argument that clearly gives her the opposing view, thereby giving her more ‘airtime’ than she deserves.
I challenge her to think about her own selfish motivation in trying to become a famous expert on this issue by distorting the facts to substantiate her position.
— SCP
12. May 11, 2009 10:49 am Link
What never ceases to amaze me is something which I don’t think I have seen commented upon by any of the authors, and that is the sheer speed at which these celebrities can complete their adoptions!  Why is it that they appear to be able to adopt (or at least gain interim custody of) a child in a matter of weeks or, at most, months?
I know of couples who have been in the adoption process for some 6 years – and are still waiting matching/referral!   Their papertrail is correct, and yet they wait and wait.
I find it very disheartening that it seems to be one rule for those that can afford to throw money at “the problem” and another rule for the “normal” people.
And yes, I do put my money where my mouth is – mother of 5 daughters, 3 of whom are adopted (one domestically and two internationally), and sponsoring another 3 out of institutions and into foster care and education programmes.
— HK
13. May 11, 2009 11:23 am Link
In the real world celebrities are marketing instruments.
T-Mobile sells cell phones through Catherine Zeta Jones’ endorsement.
Chanel No. 5 seems to smell better because Nicole Kidman allegedly wears it.
Pepsi sells due to the promotion made by Britney Spears, Cuba Gooding Jr., Faith Hill, Shaquille O’Neil… and … Madonna.
In that light celebrity adoption should be looked upon as a marketing mechanism, we live in a material world after all.
Despite the plight for orphans, inter-country adoption is first an foremost a business activity.
Of course the agencies will all claim they are not for profit organizations, but given compensations above $150,000, not all that uncommon for executive directors, it remains to be seen if the people working for agencies are really working not for profit.
Celebrity adoption, no matter what the underlying intentions are, in effect works as a marketing effort. There will be people who want a child from Malawi, because Madonna has one. There will be people who think adoption from Vietnam is cool because Angelina adopted from that country.
For celebrities themselves adoption works well as a means to make publicity too. There is at least an article a week in the tabloids about some celebrity wanting to adopt, or considering to adopt. In a world where fame usually lasts no longer than 15 minutes, it’s important for celebrities to dominate the news cycle and adoption is guaranteed publicity.
The panel of experts mainly looks at this issue from a children’s rights perspective, but tends to overlook the business aspect of inter-country adoption. When the discussion remains to be focused on children’s rights nothing will change. Both pro- and anti-ICA arguments can be made on grounds of children’s rights.
Treating ICA as the business it is, does shed a different light upon the situation and leaves room for the special position celebrity adoption takes in the scheme of things.
— Niels Hoogeveen
14. May 11, 2009 11:32 am Link
Not one of these colunists has mentioned that too many of these children are being sold. Only did Slate.com get at this issue examining the power of the US dollar and Euro in paying for facilitors at these orphanages. How can anyone from a Western country make an international adoption with a clean conscience? How can we be sure that the birth family did not indeed want to raise this child?
— Guatemala Mom
15. May 11, 2009 11:58 am Link
I am an adoptee that was adopted without my mother’s consent at six from India to America and then 25 years later reunited with my family.
Who is to say if my life is better without my mother but people who can say this obviously don’t understand the pain that adoptees and bio families deal with when one of their family members are “shipped” to other countries
From my experience, I am personally sick of these people doing this.  They have no clue how the child is being affected by what is happening to them.
There is so much arrogance when people think that they know what is best for a child based on superficial reasons.  Money, things and education are not always what make a good life if you don’t have your family and culture.
My mother and I have endured everlasting pain and have every obstacle in our way to now have a life together…oceans, cultures, cultures and language separate us still.
Read more of my story at http://pushpaduncklee.wordpress.com
Thank you!
— pushpa
16. May 11, 2009 12:04 pm Link
There are simply not enough healthy, adoptable infants to meet Western demand — and there’s too much Western money being spent in search of those healthy babies. — EJ Graff
—————————————–
The “baby” that Madonna is trying to adopt is three years old. I am willing to bet that there are many three-year-olds of color in this country’s foster care system, waiting to be adopted. Many of them have emotional or physical problems that require different kinds of care. It is easy to go trolling in other countries to find children to “rescue” in order to obscure the fact that celebrities such as Madonna, as well as Oprah  Winfrey and her “African Schools” for whatever reason will not look in their own backyards to create a solution for America’s needy children. Neither of them has to travel all the way to Africa to find a black child, or any child for that matter, in need.
— S. Michele Jones
17. May 11, 2009 1:00 pm Link
When that fees paid to transact a single foreign adoption equate to a comfortable living for many years in the country of birth, there is something seriously wrong.  It’s not hard to see how children in such circumstances fall victum to almost a form of child theft.  Poverty is what most often puts these children in “orphanages” yet the money involved is used to claim a child as one’s own rather than the truly humanitairain jesture of securing that child’s life in a way that also secures that of his parents – preserving a family rather than creating a new one from the desperation of the first.  Certainly not all foreign adoptions follow this pattern, there are some in my family, but I can only hope those adopting first consider what they would want to happen to them if they were, by mere accident of birth, the parents of a child in a poor country for whom they could no longer care – that a person of wealth come and take the clild away as their own?  Probably not.  I can say without a doubt that if Madona was born in Malawi and found herselef so desperatily poor that she had to leave her child in an institution,she would rather that an affluent westerner find the compassion to donate generously to a reunification than to feel entitled to rewarding herself with possession of the child for the same expense.
— Bob
18. May 11, 2009 1:06 pm Link
Well, this is a mother’s day kick in the head for thousands of people who had to meticulously prove that they were well off enough financially, emotionally and physically to raise a child that looks nothing like them.
One of the kids I adopted had been living in an orphanage for a year, the other for 2-1/2 years.
One had open sores from diapers that weren’t changed often enough. The other was low in iron and had six kinds of parasites — that I can think of offhand.
What in the name of God is the harm of taking those kids out of those situations?
— Shaking head
19. May 11, 2009 1:18 pm Link
Guatemala Mom is right.  Too often “orphans” in poor countries have been purchased to be sold to westerners or they are not orphans as we would define them in the United States. That’s the story the Times should be investigating.
I also think it’s sad that the United States takes in so few of the world’s refugees (something like .005% I believe), but one half of international adoptions involve exporting children to the United States.  Why is the US so open to infant immigrants but downright stingy when it comes to helping adults?  Rather than adopting babies, maybe Angelina Jolie and Madonna should lend their celebrity to making US immigration law more just.
— Karen
20. May 11, 2009 1:20 pm Link
If its done from real concern, its good. But more often than not, these are used to perpetuate intellectual colonialism.
Whenever Africa is shown in (western) media, more often than not, it shows slums, poverty. Its true in case of India, partly with China, Asian countries as well.
Don’t we have slums in the West? Or highrise, developed areas in the Africa, Asia?
End of the day- like in Slumdog millionaire- it ends up creating stereotypes.
MK Gandhi once stated (on “Mother India” by Mayo)- It created an impression – SLUMS ARE INDIA !
— Dipak Ghosh
21. May 11, 2009 1:23 pm Link
I adopted my daughter from Peru in 1990. Was she an orphan? Her birth mother signed her papers relinquishing her rights and the father did not even wish to acknowledge the child was his. Extended family? Maybe, but none who could afford to take in another child. Why did I adopt from Peru? Because I wanted to have a child of my own and could not give birth. My daughter is my child and I love her with all my heart and soul. She plans on doing a year of international study in Peru as she wishes to be a Spanish teacher. What chance would she, the birth child of a Quechua farm worker, have had to graduate from grade school let alone go to college? The fact is I am not rich nor famous but I did adopt a child who needed me just as I needed her.  I have no guilty conscious about my adoption and feel that it is too easy for those who read comments such as Slate or Save the Children to have an idealized idea of what the families of these children are like. They are as poor as the birth parent placing the child in an orphanage and while they might wish they could do something they can’t. Should my daughter have grown up in Peru, an Indian child facing the prejudices of that country just because she was born there and therefore “belongs to those people” or should she have been given the chance to be everything she has become because of her adoption? I guess it depends a lot on how you view family.
— Kelly
22. May 11, 2009 1:24 pm Link
None of these distinguished contributors, according to their brief background statements, is either adopted nor the parent of an adopted child. Why was this critical perspective disavowed by the Times? Moreover, do any of these contributors have a strong and life long cultural connection to Viet Nam, Guatemala, Korea, China, Malawi, etc as do the vast majority of international adoptive families who have made foreign cultures a permanent part of their family tree forever?
This is the third negative piece about adoption I can recall from the Times, there may be more. The first was in November 2006 when Marc Lacey wrote an article that laughingly claimed that “the required paperwork [to adopt a child from Guatemala] can be handled in one visit.” His statistics were ridiculous, as was his description of Americans who adopt from Guatemala as baby robbers. The second piece was a recent article by  Randy Cohen, the Times’ ethicist, who painted parents who have adopted internationally with the same brush he used to tar Madonna’s attempt to use her fame to adopt a second child from Africa. While I agree on the ugliness of Madonna using her fame to secure a fast, and in her case questionable, adoption there is no excuse for Mr. Cohen’s falsely painting a picture of adoptive American families as modern day slavers “grabbing a child, as if the country [Malawi] were a plantation.”
- Craig Douglas
— Craig Douglas
23. May 11, 2009 1:27 pm Link
I find it interesting that none of these celebrities seem to have any of the difficulties inherent in the adoption of childern. All adopted children are special needs children and I just wonder if any of these children have RAD, PTSD learning delays or other problems that are not being addressed.
— janet
24. May 11, 2009 1:30 pm Link
I’ve adopted internationally twice.
Would my daughter’s birth mother had placed her for adoption if she was in a stable relationship with the birth father, if she was older, more economically well off, and married in a country that stigmatizes single parents? Well, maybe not.
Would my son’s birth mother have placed him for adoption if she wasn’t 22 with three children in a country that discourages birth control and family planning, not in a stable relationship, where people are devastatingly poor, where even children with extended families grow up homeless, where people go hungry, which has been racked by conflict?  Perhaps not.
But that’s not the world in which we live.  Yes, we can all try to make that reality less evident.  Duh, in a perfect world, people would have the psychological, family, and economic resources to raise children when they want to.
But at the same time, the idea that somehow my children should have grown up in conditions that very few people writing in the New York Times would find acceptable–that this would have been okay for my children, but not for children that were just lucky enough to be born elsewhere–is pretty offensive.
And it’s not that much different for domestic adoptions.
It makes me wonder to hear people encourage young women in the U.S. to consider placing their children for adoption–and at the same time, imagine that women in developing nations somehow have more resources to raise children.
Guess what–if young women weren’t young, with few resources, unstable relationships, and disapproving families, they wouldn’t place children up for adoption.  And unavoidably–it is a decision that some people come to regret.  But not everyone.  Because unfortunately, children are not always born to people who want or can care for them.
Domestically or internationally, biology is not parenthood, and it sure as heck isn’t family.  The offense that I take from reading some of these anti-adoption claims is one of a mother.
It may be a sign of western privilege that we internationally adopt.  But it’s even more a sign of western privilege that we talk loftily of pretending that there aren’t children who need to be placed in families that didn’t give birth to them, but love them with all their hearts.
— adoptive mom
25. May 11, 2009 1:31 pm Link
I am a social worker who has been working in the field of child welfare for 7 years.  I can tell you that in New York State alone, there are hundreds of children in need of a loving home.  If we are ready to talk so extensively about international adoption because of Madonna, why haven’t we chosen a celebrity who has chosen to adopt domestically and highlight him or her.  There are so many children in this country who are abused, neglected or orphaned that need a stable home where they can heal from the chaios that has dominated their lives.  We have champions for children oversees, where are the champions for all the adoptable children right in our back yard?
— Julie
