Trade Forex like a pro on the largest investment network | eToro | eToro
You need Flash player 8+ and JavaScript enabled to view this video.
Come trade currencies, commodities and indices on the world’s largest Social Trading Network. Join the pros and get started, the better you
perform the higher you’ll rank. Open your FREE account today!
Get started now and enjoy these benefits:
Advanced Forex and commodities trading tools
Build your own people-based portfolio to trade for you
Personal Account Management with Exclusive benefits
No dealing desk
Tight spreads
eToro Support by phone or Live Chat
Discover the easiest way to trade you’ve ever imagined! CopyTrader from eToro frees you from the complicated fuss to put YOU in charge. With CopyTrader you choose which top traders to copy, then sit back and let the magic happen. Every trade they open is automatically copied in your account letting you benefit from the best traders abilities without you even breaking a sweat.
Ride the success of top traders and together you could see the kind of results you’ve only dreamt of. Whether you’re new to trading or you’ve tried it before, you’ll love the profit potential CopyTrader provides. Simply choose which traders to copy and assign a % of your funds to following their trades. Copy up to 10 traders at any time and start harnessing the power of the markets as never before.
Top
Follow & Copy Experts
Find the best traders in the world’s largest investment network then copy everything they do. Make their success your own.
Responsible Trading
Too often new traders start trading without understanding the risks involved. That’s why we provide pre-set leverage settings and the Guardian Angel software to help everyone trade responsibly.
Responsible Trading
Too often new traders start trading without understanding the risks involved. That’s why we provide pre-set leverage settings and the Guardian Angel software to help everyone trade responsibly.
Social Trading
Benefit from the collective wisdom of more than 1.5 Million users through the world’s largest investment network. See, follow or copy other traders and find experts to learn from.
A Competitive Offering
Up to $10,000 on your first deposit; no fees, dealing desk or commissions; low & fixed spreads; fast withdrawals; 1:400 leverage and Islamic accounts: only at eToro
Personal Service
Benefit from personal service. Our dedicated account teams are here to serve you. Get up to the minute financial news and reports from our own analysis team.
Guru Trading Program
Become a Guru trader and be recognized as an expert trader. Share your expertise with thousands of users and build a large followership. Sign up for the program and you could earn additional income from your expertise.
FREE News, Tools and More
eToro offers you a wealth of FREE information to keep you up to date on current market conditions. Sign up for our daily and weekly market reviews with valuable insights and great articles on macro and micro economic influences or visit our blog for even more news topics designed to help you with your trading and investment decisions.
MoneyAM Online Finance Awards 2010
Best Active Trading Platform
“In its first win with MoneyAM, eToro fought off competition by some of the biggest names in online financial trading to emerge as winner in the “Best Active Trading Platform” category”.
Best of Show
