This is utterly disgusting.
http://france.worldcupblog.org/ OffsideSarah
Well, Im not biased (not English nor an England fan)- and I agree with you.  I am anxious to hear how FIFA and the Russian Federation respond to this matter.
iizmu
Wow…
LaFuriaCeca
I am complete agreement with the fact that this banner is absolutely disgraceful but racism exists all throughout Europe. The fact that this banner, and your english allegiance, are the sole reasons why Russia should not win the 2018 world show how biased you truly are. What supporting evidence, other than this banner, show why England should win over Russia? How about starting with the economic benefits of having the world cup at either country. I could argue that racism exists in england, and it does, and therefore the world cup should 100% not be held there either. Look at Italy. Im a Juventus fan, and believe me I've experienced some horrific displays of racism by both Juventus fans and by other teams. The chants against Balotelli and Muntari still haunt me. But this should not be a determining factor for why a country should not hold a world cup tourney. My 2 cents.
Jason Davis
Thanks for posting this, Daryl. Felt the need to add my two cents, and needless to say I'm with you completely.
http://france.worldcupblog.org/ Jean-François Racinet
This is truly disgusting and makes me very sad. This is also very much against Fifa's mission to stop racism.
However I do not believe that this situation should be a factor in whether or not a whole nation can host the world cup. Maybe the Russian Federation's reaction (or lack of) to this incident can be factored though. Only time will tell.
Based on what I've seen, I think that England and Russia both have the capacity to host the cup. Also, one can almost guarantee that a European nation will host 2018 because it ALWAYS reverts back to Europe. The joint bids of Spain/Portugal and Holland/Belgium are also interesting candidates.
agiamba
Racism isn't any small thing in Russia, that's why it would happen. Remember Zenit St Petersburg, and their “no black players” informal policy? Not good.
Racism exists in other countries, but Russia, as it is with many things (women's rights, see any Arshavin interview) is about 100 years behind other countries. It's socially acceptable there.
http://www.worldcupblog.org Daryl
LaFuriaCeca,
I made my biases clear because I wanted to be 100% honest. So I'm not sure that writing a comment accusing me of being biased is particularly helpful.
I'd agree that racism exists in England, just as it does in every country. But there's no way a banner like the one above would make it into a Premier League football ground. That's not to say that English people or fans are “better” than Russian fans, just that the authorities are better prepared to deal with/prevent racist incidents.
Also, I'd concede that this one incident doesn't mean Russia should 100% no longer be considered as hosts for the World Cup. But I think it's definitely a factor that should be considered. I'd also agree with Jean-François below, that how the Russian Federation reacts to this is very important.
http://france.worldcupblog.org/ Jean-François Racinet
Yes Daryl, My only thinking is, what exactly can the Russian Federation do about this? I guess they could not allow these banners anymore. Maybe they could fine the club. I don't think they could punish a particular person in any way.
Ian
They absolutely can punish individuals, by banning them from football grounds.  But you had the first step right – the fact that they let the banner into the stadium in the first place is pretty disgraceful.  It's easily preventable and they either didn't bother to look at it, or (more troublingly) kind of nodded and smiled when they did.  All of the punishments you mentioned, plus individual bans, would have been enforced in England.
http://www.worldcupblog.org Daryl
Yeah, it's a tough one. Fining the club might look good at this point, but it's too little too late. I'd like to see the Federation do something like draw a line in the sand and say “from this point forwards, no racism in stadiums” or else it's a massive fine/points deduction/games behind closed doors etcetera.
http://www.worldcupblog.org Daryl
Or maybe they could introduce “the Odemwingie law”, whereby anytime fans are blantantly racist, the club has to give their best player to West Bromwich Albion?
http://france.worldcupblog.org/ Jean-François Racinet
I just wonder if they can even find/remember who is responsible. If the fans are going to get banned than I would say the stadium officials are equally at fault and should be punished as well. Unless, of course they didn't understand the meaning of the banner, because it is in English and they aren't. But I think a fine for the club would be a the best place to start.
LaFuriaCeca
They should start by holding games behind closed doors as a first step. Fining the club as a second offense and following up with point deductions. lol at the odemwingie law!
fcbayernfan
Oh wait, there's no racism in the US? Please man, I live in the US and I know that in places like Russia or some European countries, there are racist people, but its just stupidity, nothing more.
Here in the US its hardcore racism.
I support England to have the World Cup in 2018 but that means there is no racism in England? There is racism everywhere, but I agree it's a bad image, but shouldn't affect in the whole nation's bid.
strikerga
Oh God, when was the last time you saw a racially offensive sign or chant at a football, basketball, hockey or soccer game in the states?  ..and it's not like the media would be shy about reporting that kind of thing.
fcbayernfan
First of all, the United States should never get the World Cup, because out of 500 people, one knows a thing about football (soccer as you call it).
Second of all, let's talk about American Football, if you go to a game in the Middle America, you'll see all kinds of signs, KKK or w.e, remember that in England there is no “Nazis” but in America there is millions of Neo-Nazis, and they are protected by the law.
So if someone dressed all in white (KKK) makes anti-black signs, outside of a football stadium (soccer stadium as you call it) would get in trouble? Hell no, because of the freedom of speech.
strikerga
You're an idiot who probably hasn't even been to a game of any kind in middle America.  Not saying that in a country of 300 million people there aren't racists, but if you can show a picture of a racist sign or whatever from a sporting event then show it.  If somebody did display that inside or outside the stadium of any size the participants wouldn't tolerate it.
Bense235
The racism problem exists anywhere, just more blatantly open in Eastern Europe. It even exists in Spain and Italy for some good part. Just because the problem isn't that clearly visible anymore in Germany, England or the U.S. doesn't mean it ain't there anymore.
England already had the WC once and hosted the Euro in '96, so I'd say let's try something new. It's sport, not politics. I would be totally fine with England hosting it, too.
satans_chef
you are an idiot you do realize the fans were thanking West Brom for buying him not because he is BLACK but because he was rubbish this season!!!!
Another Anti-Russian propaganda brain washed idiot. If Russia was so racist why does the top scorer in the Russian league who is black want to represent the national team once he receives citizenship??
Then you people wonder why Russians dislike westerners and appear anti american. We are not anti american or anything you are anti Russian. Now run along with your stupid brainwashed blogs.
I will also add the Odemwingie is born to a Russian Mother.
http://japan.worldcupblog.org/ Aidan
So why the banana then if it's not racist?
1_Luka
and having a banana on the banner was…?  Explain the banana to me Chef, please!  Explain…the…banana man!
I await in earnest.
1_Luka
Your attempted argument also uses the same logic of someone saying “I have several [insert particular race here] friends so therefore I can't be racist against said race/nationality/whatever.  Superfluous.
satans_chef
the dude fucken used to always slip(no lies hahahaha ALWAYS wait for it in the EPL) look i know we have racism in my country won't deny it but there is a fuck load in the U.S and U.K even today those massive anti muslim protests. To simply have double standards and criticize when you can't get your on shit together is a joke. Sort of like allowing Kosovo independence but being against stuff like Ossetia.
1_Luka
Chef, if you want to write a blog about racism in the US and UK then do it.  This article is about a specific racist incident in Russia football (allegedly…given the visual evidence suggesting such).  When there is such a vivid example of racism in UK and/or US football, then you can sure as hell expect Daryl and other writers here on The Offside (and other footy blogs most likely) to address it and apply their own condemnations.  Fair?
http://spikedeinstein.wordpress.com/ spikedeinstein
Maybe the banana is meant to be a compliment. Apart from what they resemble physically, bananas are also relatively cheap, good for building stamina and very nutritious. :-)
Chris (was) in Belfast
So Millwall fans have ceased to exist? When Chelsea fans mimic the sound of poison gas while playing Spurs, that's not racist?
This is for sure bad, and it is a black eye for Russia; but don't act like England is perfect.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_LS2R5Y57FV5XFHRXGQOT7ZKV6U Sebastian Cano
Russians hate foreigners. I can't understand how they even want to host the world cup. They have political parties that encourage hatred/vioelence/and xenophobia. Foreigners are mudered every year for just being a different skin color or ethnicity.
Go on youtube and watch : From Russia with Hate
http://www.worldcupblog.org Daryl
I think you need to look a little closer at what's on the banner satans_chef.
LaFuriaCeca
You could very well argue the same for both South Africa and Brazil 2014. The fact of the matter is that no matter where you host the World Cup, there will always be those who practice “hatred/violence/and xenophobia.” Personally, I would be more “afraid” to visit South Africa/Brazil during the World Cup than Russia. Russia is becoming more and more westernized and economically sound. In terms of infrastructure/safety/transportation etc., I would be willing to bet that Russia would host a better tournament than that of SA 2010 and Brazil 2014. I have done extensive research in terms of the economic and socio-economic effects/benefits of the World Cup on host nations. So this is not just a generalized statement/opinion.
Unlike: “Russian's hate foreigners.” classic.
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=13955253 Jeff Weideman
Did the writer not hear about the Arsenal fans throwing banana peels onto the field during Adebayor's first match against them … ?
Garret_fromRussia
All this articles are for stupid people.
The Sun and other magazines and newspapers..Who in England even Trust them?=) reading them just for fun and joke=)
i AM From Russia, and am proud about this.
Ye, we hate some people but not “afroamericans” we hate monkeys from Caucasis!
And about hospitality, people which Were in our country Know that we love guests.
And, i thing, this it is crazy idea that English don't have rasism on their stadiums.
If we will have this World Cup – this will give a lot for Russian football!
Excuse me for my bad English – didn't have real practice=((
Kobe23
I fail to see how that banner is racist.  I think people are too fast to scream “racist” these days.  It's like when people apply for jobs, get rejected, then proceed to call the recruitment officer racist when the truth is they weren't qualified or had enough experience for the job.
BrunoVV
If racism in a country is a reason for denying said country the opportunity to host a World Cup, then no country in the world should be able to host one. Not even England, as commendable as the effort of the FA to stamp out racism may be. Anglo people are sometimes too eager to see the twig in other people's eyes.
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1407684042 Dodge Dhanda
Well in England the the stadia are already there and built to speck , and the training facilities are there too , and traveling to the games may need to be worked on , so England dont need to build stadiums and all have health and safety and fire certificates too , but as for the banner they didnt have to have a banana on the banner , it shows their ignorance in thinking the rest of the world know what it means , in the seventies in england bananas were thrown at black players , recently england players have had monkey noises aimed at them ….WHY , can someone explain that ppl
http://twitter.com/tolduu tolduu
