..........."Looking Out for Older Dogs" ...........
"Blessed is the person who has earned the love of an old dog."
- Sydney Jeanne Seward
Questions about Adopting an "Older" Dog.....
What exactly is a "senior" dog?
......Answer: Veterinarians say that dogs start to fall into the category of "senior" around the age of 7. However, it depends on size. The smaller the dog, the later in life the dog becomes a senior. Nonetheless, a dog in a shelter can be as young as 5 and still have trouble finding a new home. That's why we have ads on the srdogs site for dogs of 5 years and up. Technically speaking, many of these dogs aren't "seniors" in the veterinary sense of the term, but to many prospective adopters they are already "over the hill." Of course, that isn't true. Dogs, when well cared for and given appropriate exercise, remain happy, active, playful and puppy-like well into their senior years.
Won't I be adopting someone else's problems? If the dog were so wonderful, why wouldn't they have kept him?
......Answer: Older dogs lose their homes for many different reasons....most of them having nothing to do with problems the dog has, but rather with those of the person or family surrendering the dog. Many folks think dogs who end up at shelters or in rescue are all genetically and behaviorally inferior. But, it is not uncommon for very expensive, well-bred, well-trained dogs to outlive their usefulness or novelty with folks who bought them on impulse and no longer want to take responsibility for them.
Other reasons older dogs become homeless: death of a guardian....not enough time for the dog...... change in work schedule..... new baby.....need to move to a place where dogs are not allowed.... kids going off to college.... allergies.... change in "lifestyle".... prospective spouse doesn't like dogs. (All these reasons are taken from real case histories.)
Ty, a stray, about 8 years old; and Jazzie, an owner-surrender, 9 years old --adopted in San Francisco through Norcal Golden Retriever Rescue (Photo by Charlene Campbell)
What advantages do older dogs have over puppies or young dogs?
......Answer: Older dogs who are offered for adoption by shelters or rescue agencies generally have had some training, both in obedience and house manners. (Some dogs, due to the confusion and upset of being uprooted and finding themselves in a chaotic shelter environment, may temporarily forget their housetraining. Inevitably, once established in their new home, they remember.)
Older dogs have learned what "no" means and how to leave the furniture, carpets, shoes, and other "chewables" alone. (If they hadn't learned that, they wouldn't have gotten to be "older" dogs.)
They have been "socialized" and learned what it takes to be part of a "pack" and to get along with humans and, in most cases, other dogs, and in some other cases, cats, as well.
Older dogs, especially those who have once known it, appreciate love and attention and quickly learn what's expected of them to gain and keep that love and attention.
Older dogs know how to let you finish the newspaper, sitting calmly next to you, while your workday stress flows away and your blood pressure lowers. They are also instant companions, ready for hiking, riding in the car, walking on leash, fetching, etc.
Finally, older dogs are a "known commodity." They are easy to assess for behavior and temperament, and you also don't have to guess how big they'll grow.
Aside from any advantages an older dog has, is there any good reason to adopt an older dog instead of a puppy, who has his whole life ahead of him?
......Answer: Just about everyone who enters a shelter is looking for a puppy or a young dog (three years or under). There are also many people who go to breeders to buy puppies. By adopting an older dog, we can make a statement about compassion and the value of all life at all ages, as well as register a protest against the indiscriminate and inhumane breeding of dogs, whether it is for profit or to "teach the children about birth." And, of course, just as a puppy has his whole life ahead of him, so does an older dog have the rest of his life in front of him. You can give that older dog the best years of his life while at the same time bringing a wonderful addition into your family. Another consideration is the larger goal of making the U.S. a "no-kill" nation. By setting the example of adopting a dog who would be otherwise euthanized just because of his age, you can help create the climate that will enable the U.S. to attain that goal.
Don't older dogs cost more in vet bills?
...... Answer: Veterinary attention and medication are needed at all ages and may or may not be more costly for an older dog. Before you adopt a senior, be sure you get a health report from a veterinarian. That way, if you discover that the dog has a health problem, you can decide if you are able to make the needed financial commitment before making an emotional commitment.
Do older dogs have any "special needs"?
...... Answer: With a health assessment of the dog, you will know whether any age-related conditions are present and you can take appropriate measures to address them. Otherwise, older dogs need all the things younger dogs do -- good nutrition, exercise (although less intensive, usually, than for a younger dog), and regular visits to the vet. The "Care" pages on srdogs provide further insight into maintaining an older dog's health.
Isn't it true that you can't train an older dog the way you can train a puppy?
......Answer: Dogs can be trained at any age. The old adage, "You can't teach an old dog new tricks," just isn't true. Read the case study of " Autumn ," who was called "Stupid" by her family for the first ten years of her life. She was adopted at the age of 10 by a caring person and at age 14 was winning awards for being first in her obedience class. Also see the notes on "Training" below.
How long will it take for an older dog to settle into a routine with me?
......Answer: Each dog is an individual and comes with a unique set of experiences and from varying circumstances, so it is hard to predict how long a specific dog will require to make an adjustment. If a dog has been in a shelter or kennel, the stresses of such an experience may cause him to be confused and disoriented for quite some time. Some dogs forget or are confused about their housetraining. With care, patience, and a kind, understanding, loving attitude, just about any dog will come around after a while. It may be a few days, a few weeks, or a few months. For a case in point, please read the history of " Blackberry ." In our own experience, we've had dogs who are right "at home" as soon as they walk in the door and others who have needed a couple of weeks to make a basic adjustment, and then became more and more "at home" over the course of several months.
Is there anything special I will need to do during the dog's "adjustment" period?
......Answer: Again, this will depend on the individual dog. In general, with a dog of any age, it is a good idea to set aside a period of several weeks during which you can spend more time than usual in reassuring the dog, establishing good communcation with the dog, and creating the special bond that will ensure a good future together.
What kind of help and support can I expect from the agency through which I adopt a senior dog?......
Answer: Agencies vary in the resources they have available. Some will guide you carefully through any adjustment period that may be needed; others just don't have the staff or resources. A number offer to cover the costs of veterinary care for a period of time. If you feel you need assistance of any kind, check with the agency to see if it is provided.
I just lost my old dog. What if I lose another soon after I adopt him?
.... Answer: Grief is a very personal matter. Some people feel that giving a home to an older dog in need is a tribute to their former dog and actually eases their pain. Also, knowing that adoption has saved a dog from euthanasia and will allow her quality time for whatever period she has left, often enables people to focus on the positives and to deal better with loss.
Consider also that there are never any guarantees about length of life with any dog. Quality of time together can matter a great deal more than quantity.
Testimonials from people who have adopted senior dogs....
"Adopting a senior dog has been one of the best things I have ever done. I've enjoyed so many of the advantages of an older dog -- such as his being more settled and already housetrained. In no time at all, Petey and I had our routines established. I love coming home from a day at the office to see his little tail wiggling and a smile on his face because he's so glad to see me. And, oh, he gives the BEST kisses." -- Lori Eaton, Marin City, CA
"I never thought twice about adopting Mandi, even when I knew she was ten years old. I believe that older dogs deserve happiness and love and a good home as much as younger dogs. Love knows no age." -- Nadine Killion, Taunton, MA
"The needy dogs and cats I've fostered and adopted do a lot more for me than I do for them. I love seniors in particular because they are calm and slow moving, like myself. We can go for walks without my feeling like a kite at the end of the leash." -- Sharon Burnett, Redding, CA
"Many people criticized me for adopting such an old dog. I just told them. 'Well, she doesn't mind how old I am, so I don't mind how old she is.' I wouldn't trade my time with Bearsie for the equivalent of our combined weight in perfect diamonds!" -- Jenny Evans, Atlanta, GA
What does it cost to care for a dog?
From Dr. Jon's column,  www. petplace.com
Puppies - The First Year
(What you save when you adopt an older dog!)
Veterinary Care/Laboratory Tests - $100 to $200
Immunizations - $50 to $100
Internal/External Parasite Treatment and Control - $100 to $150
Spay/Neuter - $40 to $200. The cost often depends on the dog's size and age.
Food - $150 to $250
Miscellaneous (collars, leads, obedience training) - $200 to $225
Total: $640 to $1,125
