Robert Colvile is a Telegraph columnist and leader writer, who tweets as @rcolvile . His Notebooks and other writing can be found here .
Why Britain should join the euro…
Comment on this Comment on this article
It's one of the great stock lines in Hollywood: "That plan's so crazy, it might just work!" And now David Weigel of Slate has identified the journalistic equivalent – an article that advances a ludicrously counterintuitive argument and makes it sound entirely reasonable.
His Exhibit A is "the worst column of the year", a Washington Post piece arguing that Barack Obama would be better served by stepping down in 2012 – in effect, that he can rescue his legacy by cutting himself off at the knees. (A more interesting thesis comes from our own Toby Harnden, who has argued that Obama might not want to serve another term.)
The bit I liked most, though, was when Weigel came up with other possible examples of deliberately controversial (or downright lunatic) columns. The temptation to play a British version of the game is almost irresistible – so expect to see a few of these over the coming years…
Argument: By signing up to the Euro now, Britain would not only bolster the single currency, but could name its price in terms of reforming Brussels's corrupt institutions.
Intro: "The euro is collapsing. Tensions between its members are greater than ever. The burden of debt has led to near-permanent panic in the stock markets. Which is why there's never been a better time for Britain to join."
Argument: If the referendum on AV is lost, and Lib Dem disquiet over the Coalition's policies mounts, David Cameron will need a grand gesture to save the alliance.
Intro: "Last week, David Cameron's Conservatives had a resounding success at the ballot box, retaining most of their gains in local government and seeing off the proposed change to the voting system. The Lib Dems, by contrast, suffered their worst result in decades. In the halls of Downing Street, there are whispers of an astonishing response: for Mr Cameron to stand down in favour of Nick Clegg."
Argument: With the Tories slumping in the polls, as Britain totters towards a double-dip recession and Cameron loses popularity, there is only one answer – for the party to send for a charismatic outsider.
Intro: "The Conservatives have the policies to win the next election, but they do not have the leader. With David Cameron's personal ratings plummeting, senior Tories are determined to replace him with a more charismatic figure. 'We're not going to make the same mistake Labour did with Gordon Brown,' says one senior source.
"But who to go for? Someone who is untainted by the sorry goings-on at Westminster. Someone with impeccable Tory credentials, but a close connection to the great British public. Someone, moreover, with a thumping personal mandate. Boris Johnson? No. It is time for Ann Widdecombe, the Queen of Strictly, to sweep the nation off its feet again."
Argument: The Defence Review has left Britain's military posture fundamentally misaligned for the modern age. The only solution? Scrap the military.
Intro: Sorry – Simon Jenkins has already won the prize for this one. Although alarmingly, I think he might actually be serious…
