John Stepek, columnist, MSN Money,
29/11/2010 18:16
Does the euro have a future?
It's not just scaremongering: the euro is in real danger of failing or being broken up into separate currencies.
Petros Karadjias
Two down, 14 to go. Ireland and Greece have been bailed out by European taxpayers - and Portugal looks like it could be the next of the 16 eurozone members to topple.
And while Portugal is a casualty the rest of Europe can afford, the next in line - Spain - is too big to bail out (it's bigger than the first three combined). Beyond that, pundits are already talking of Belgium, Italy and even France running into trouble.
No doubt about it, the euro is at some sort of turning point. If the single currency is to survive, it'll have to be under a very different set of rules. And if it can't survive, what might replace it? Here are four different scenarios and what each could mean for the euro.
How the pound's fared against the euro
The United States of Europe is born
The basic problem with the euro is this: it's pretty much impossible to have lasting currency union without political union.
So if the euro is to succeed in its current 16-nation incarnation, Europe as a region has to move far closer to being a United States of Europe than it is now. German taxpayers will have to accept that sometimes they just have to subsidise their frailer counterparts, which is the price they pay for having the biggest, most powerful state in the European project and therefore having monetary policy set to suit them, rather than Ireland, for example.
For some, the end goal of the euro was always this idea of a European 'super-state'. But I don't see it happening. We'll see a lot more supervisory boards set up, and a lot more threats about what will happen to countries that can't keep their finances in order. But the level of integration you need for a lasting currency union is unlikely to be acceptable to most European voters.
NEW: trade 160 currency crosses with MSN Trader
Patience running thin
German voters are already annoyed at chancellor Angela Merkel for saving the Greeks. The whole idea of the European bail-out fund (not to mention all the backdoor help the European Central Bank (ECB) has been giving various troubled banking systems) is being challenged in the courts.
That's despite the country being one of the most rapidly recovering developed economies of all - ironically, partly as a result of the weak euro.
Maintaining the status quo would also depend on a lasting solution being found to Ireland and Greece's current problems, not to mention the ones threatening to erupt in Iberia.
Short of the ECB printing money to pay off the deficits of various troubled countries - which again, German taxpayers would not be happy about - the chances are some of these countries will have to restructure their debt (in other words, their creditors won't get their money back as quickly as they'd hoped, and probably not intact either).
In short, as far as I can see, it's only a matter of time before one or more countries have to exit the euro, or the euro has to change. I'd like to point out here that I have no strong objection to the euro per se. If the 16 member countries are happy to tie their political and taxation systems together more closely in the name of making it work, that's their business. It just seems highly unlikely.
Abandon the stragglers
So what options are there? How about the likes of Greece and Ireland just leave and return to their old currencies? Let's say Ireland brings back the punt. The value of the punt collapses against the euro, the dollar, the pound, etc. Ireland quickly looks a lot more competitive (because wages and asset prices have tanked), foreign investors pile in, and exports flood out. Problem solved.
Great idea, but it's not that easy. First things first, let's say you're an Irish citizen and you have all your euros stashed in your bank account. Your government tells you that your euros are going to be turned back into punts in a month's time.
You're sharp enough to know that the punt will collapse against the euro when the change comes. What do you do? You shift your money into pounds or dollars or any other currency you can before the change happens. Money floods out of the country ('capital flight') and the banking system collapses.
The second problem is this: Ireland's debt (or Greece's, or whoever else decided to go it alone) would still be denominated in euros. So suddenly, this euro-denominated debt would become almost impossible to pay back, because the punt would have collapsed against it. In other words, any country that is forced out of the euro or quits, is looking at a collapse in its banking system and a probable shunning by the government bond markets for a good few years.
Now, odd as it may seem, this may not be the worst thing that can happen to a country - it's effectively what happened to Iceland, and while it might have been unpleasant, the world hasn't ended. However, it's not a fate that many countries will choose to embrace except as a last resort.
More to the point, European banking systems are so intertwined that if one collapses, the rest will be in big trouble. So there's every incentive for the rest of Europe's leaders to try to avoid this outcome.
Germany goes it alone
There is one country that could leave the eurozone without inspiring rampant capital flight: Germany. Indeed, a resurrected deutschemark would probably be stronger than the euro it left behind.
And even although this wouldn't be brilliant news for German exporters, the German people - with the history of hyperinflation behind them - are very attached to a strong currency, and would be unlikely to object.
There are lots of advantages to this idea. The rest of the eurozone would get the weak currency it needs. German consumers would suddenly be among Europe's wealthiest, which might encourage them to spend a bit more, and shift the focus of their economy a little further away from manufacturing (which would have a knock-on benefit to the rest of Europe).
However, if Germany did this, it would be signing the euro's death warrant. It's one thing if an ailing member is kicked out. But if one of the founding members, and the top dog in the gang, decides it's had enough, what does that say about the rest of the eurozone? Who's going to want to join that club, or stay in it?
National pride as much as anything else would no doubt drive the other stronger economies to decide that they too, could 'go it alone'. Eventually the euro would be an embarrassment, worn down to a nub of 'developing European economies', as they'd no doubt be dubbed.
So ditching the euro is a big step to take politically. It seems unlikely that Germany would initiate this unless there was a serious change in the political atmosphere.
NEW: trade 160 currency crosses with MSN Trader
Split the euro into two tribes
One option is to split Europe into two halves - the more competitive, stronger economies (often dubbed the 'North'), and the less competitive, 'Southern', states. They each get their own version of the euro. Some have jokily dubbed these the 'neuro' and the 'psuedo', but the underlying idea is deadly serious.
The neuro would be the strong 'hard' currency. It would be used by Germany and similar low-inflation nations, such as Austria. The pseudo, the 'softer' currency, would be the money of Greece, Ireland and other less competitive countries. Again, the basic idea is that the pseudo would weaken, rendering these countries more competitive without the pain caused by austerity measures.
Essentially, this plan acknowledges that the eurozone as it stands is not an 'optimal currency zone'. In other words, it doesn't make much sense to have all these countries using one currency. By splitting it into two, you get two currency zones that are perhaps more suited to one another.
The trouble is, while this might make sense in the longer run, it doesn't seem too practical just now. Effectively, all you're doing is having a batch of countries leave the 'main' eurozone all at once. The troubled countries will still be troubled, and without the stronger 'neuro' countries standing behind them, the likelihood of a market panic becomes all the greater.
Is there any easy answer?
None of these options are particularly palatable. Germany leaving the eurozone is probably the least damaging, but it's highly unlikely politically. As with most difficult situations, Europe will probably end up being forced by circumstance rather than choice into taking a specific route.
And with Europe's banking systems being so interdependent, the danger is that, when a large enough domino topples, it'll bring down the whole lot. Perhaps what Europe's leaders really need to be focusing on is a solution that involves taking an honest look at the eurozone-wide banking system and working out how to patch it up to the point where investors are no longer afraid of 'contagion'.
The last round of stress tests was a joke - the Irish banks passed. A new round, with realistic results, might be the best bet to save the eurozone.
Not only would this focus minds on the real problem - the danger of the European financial sector collapsing if even one small thread unravels - it would also make European taxpayers more amenable to helping their troubled neighbours out if they felt that they weren't the only ones shouldering the burden.
