by Mike on Jun.19, 2012, under Euro Strength , The Week Ahead
Following the news that the New Democracy party have won the Greek election ahead of the Syriza party many would have expected to see the Euro strengthen, indeed the initial reaction was for a move back towards the 1.23 area for GBP/EUR and 1.25 for EUR/USD, however throughout the course of yesterday the Euro tailed off and we finished at 1.2450 (GBP/EUR) and 1.26 (USD/EUR). Reasons for this appear to be partly blamed on the fact that no party gained an outright majority and until the coalition government is formed and an agreement made, I personally think the Euro will continue to struggle. The single currencies recent failings were also compounded as Spanish bonds broke tthrough the dangerous 7% territory yesterday, again something keeping pressure on the Euro and I personally feel there could be a number of good buy opportunities in the coming days. Should you have an upcoming currency requirement and you would like to run though the various contract types we can offer then please email Mike at mgv@currencies.co.uk
Data to watch out for this week
As mentioned above the market is still eagerly awaiting the formation of the coalition government in Greece and the impact this will have on the markets…..it is a case of watch this space here, as with any news from the ongoing G20 summit in Mexico.
This morning we have UK CPI (Consumer Price Index) data for May at 09:30 BST – expectations for a small rise, could lead to small sterling gains.
Tomorrow we have the Bank of England minutes released at 09:30 BST. This should be keenly viewed as just last week at his annual Mansion House speech, Mervyn King hinted that more stimulus to the tune of £100 billion is on the horizon. Should the minutes hint at this and confirm more stimulus is being seriously considered then this may put a short term dampener on the pound and we could see some losses for Sterling following this. However I think the losses will be short term as the market may already have priced in expectations for this. Also watch out for the UK unemployment rate released at 09:30 (expected to stay on hold at 8.2%).
Also tomorrow we have the US Federal Reserve releasing its latest interest rate decision at 17:30 BST – not expected to move on interest rates but there could well be an announcement with regards further stimulus that could hinder the dollar.
Finally on Thursday we have Spanish banking audits, not likley to be particularly positive for the Euro (although news this morning has confirmed these audits have now been delayed until September).
As you can see there is plenty on this week and potential for some big market movers. My personal feelings are that in the long run the Euro is still going to remain under pressure and I believe GBP/EUR will remain range bound between 1.24/1.25 (I believe resistance will be met a the 1.25 mark and it may struggle to break through in the short run). I also feel the Euro will dominate the EUR/USD pairing, although any announcements from the FED about stimulus could create some fantastic dollar buying opportunities for anyone in a position to take advantage.
To discuss my views and any currency exchange you may have then please email Mike at mgv@currencies.co.uk or call 01494 787478
« Older Entries
Euro Rate Forecast
Exchange rate forecast and news for the Euro against a variety of major currencies inclusive of the following: USD - U.S Dollar GBP - Pound Sterling AUD - Australian Dollar NZD - New Zealand Dollar ZAR - South African Rand CAD - Canadian Dollar CHF - Swiss Franc SEK - Swedish Krona PLN - Polish Zloty THB - Thai Baht and Many more currencies covered, if ever you want any further information or have a bank to bank transfer you need to make and want to achieve fantastic rates of exchange fill in the contact form and a currency specialist will call you back to discuss your options.
CONTACT US DIRECTLY
Would you like to save money over your bank or current broker?  Call one of the experts from this site today for a free no obligation chat on how we can save you money.  01494 787 478 (08:30am - 18:00pm U.K time)  Please mention Euro Rate Forecast when calling
Do you want weekly currency updates in your inbox from our experts? Sign up for free here – Don’t worry we never pass your email on to anyone else so you won’t get bombarded with rubbish!
Share This Site With Your Friends!
Make An Enquiry here now
Economic Calender
Live Economic Calendar Powered by Forexpros - The Leading Financial Portal
Follow Daniel Wright – Owner and Author of this site on Twitter
