American Adoptions -- America's Adoption Agency
1.800.ADOPTION
My Account Contact Us
Domestic vs. International Adoption
When a couple begins to explore the idea of adopting a child, it is easy to quickly become overwhelmed with information, questions and decisions - who knew there was so much to consider when adopting a child?
One of the first dilemmas couples face is whether to adopt a child from the U.S., or from abroad. International adoption has been in the media's spotlight in recent months as notable Hollywood stars, such as Angelia Jolie and Madonna, choose to adopt children internationally. However, this does not mean that domestic adoption has gone to the wayside; in fact domestic adoption continues to grow each year as more couples decide to adopt a child in the U.S., rather than venturing overseas.
When it comes to choosing between domestic or international adoption, there are many factors a couple must consider. cost , wait time , children available , medical and social history and legal concerns .
Comparing Domestic and International Adoption
Cost
Many couples are often overwhelmed by the cost when they begin looking into adoption. There are many factors that contribute to the fees of an adoption, including the cost of the necessary legal work, advertising fees, travel expenses, etc.
One very common misconception is the cost difference between international and domestic adoption. It is commonly believed that international adoption costs far less than domestic adoption, however this is not true. The truth is that, while each adoption has its own set of special circumstances which can influence the cost, domestic and international adoption costs are very similar.
Both domestic and international adoption have their own unique costs. For example, couples adopting domestically will not have to worry about the cost of a visa, which couples adopting internationally must budget for. Likewise, couples adopting domestically may be asked to provide some living expenses for the expectant mother, such as help with rent or utility payments, an expense that is not typically seen in international adoptions.
Couples adopting internationally should also be prepared to travel to the country they are adopting from for a period that could range from a few days to several weeks. Multiple visits may also be necessary. Couples contemplating international adoption should carefully research the travel requirements for the countries they are considering adopting from. If adopting domestically, couples should be prepared to travel for the birth of the baby and stay until the baby is released from the hospital. If the birth state is different than the state the adoptive family resides in, the family must stay until ICPC approval has been granted, which may take up to two weeks.
Waiting Time
The time a couple waits to receive the placement of a child also depends on many factors. While it is difficult to assess the wait time at other adoption agencies, approximately 75 percent of the families working with American Adoptions adopt within our estimated wait times. Many factors contribute to this wait, including the adoptive family's specified parameters for issues such as budget, race of the child and birth parent medical/social histories. The more restrictive a family is in their parameters (such as only being open to one race), the longer the family may wait. However, the more open a family is to certain situations, the less time they typically wait.
The wait times for international adoptions also vary, also depending on the parameters for the adoption established by the family, as well as country-specific issues.
Children Available
While domestic and international adoption can be very similar in cost and wait time, the children typically available for adoption can vary greatly.
As of the 2000 Census, there were 1.5 million children under the age of 18 (2 percent of all children in the U.S.) who joined their family through adoption. Each day, American Adoptions is contacted by women considering adoption for their child. Last year, our agency was involved in the adoption of over 300 healthy newborns.
The number of children adopted internationally is very similar to those adopted domestically. The U.S. Department of State reported 9,319 immigrant visas issued to orphans entering the U.S. in 2011.
Just as there are children of all ages available for adoption in the U.S., the typical age of child adopted internationally also varies, depending greatly on the country of origin and its adoption policies. While some countries do place infants with American families, other countries have strict adoption mandates that only makes the adoption of an older child available to foreign families.
Medical and Social History
One very great difference between domestic and international adoption is the availability of the medical and social history of the child and their birth parents.
The medical history of children adopted internationally is often very sparse, if available at all. It is common for couples to adopt a child internationally without any knowledge of the child's medical history. Information regarding the social history of the child's birth parents - such as family medical history or any possible exposure to drugs or alcohol while the child was in the womb - is also often not available and the effects of such exposure are often not recognized until after the child is placed with a family.
However, the medical and social history of children adopted domestically is typically available. Couples adopting domestically are provided the medical records of the child, and are apprised of any social history of the birth parents pertaining to the child. Some agencies, such as American Adoptions, make this information available to families prior to entering into an adoption agreement, giving them the choice of accepting the match based on those factors or not. At American Adoptions, couples are free to choose which circumstances they are comfortable accepting. For example, if a couple is not comfortable adopting a child whose birth parents have a history of depression, or who may have been exposed to alcohol in the womb, then they will not be considered for those situations.
Couples adopting an older child should also be prepared for attachment disorders. Soon after birth, newborns begin the process of identifying with a caregiver. If a child is not provided consistent care by a familiar person, such as the case of children in orphanages, then the child is not able form an attachment. Couples adopting older children - even if the child is a few months old at the time of placement - can have difficulty in forming this parent/child bond. Attachment disorder can be severe and can impact the family dynamic. Couples adopting a child other than a newborn are encouraged to research attachment disorders prior to adopting an older child.
Legal Concerns
Domestic and international adoption also have their own unique legal concerns.
Couples adopting internationally should fully research the adoption process required by each country. Each country has its own set of legal mandates governing adoption that must be met before the adoption is finalized.
One very large legal concern in domestic adoption is the myth that the child's biological parents may come back years later and take the child back. This is also a common argument against open and semi-open adoptions, as many people are lead to believe that contact with the birth parents will lead to the birth parents' desire to revoke their consent, even after the adoption is finalized. For this reason, many couples believe that international adoptions are "safer," due to the fact that there is routinely no contact with the birth parents in international adoptions prior to and after the completion of the adoption.
The fact is that once an adoption is finalized by the U.S. courts, the adoptive family is recognized as the child's family by law. Although adoption laws vary state to state, the laws remain very clear. Despite sensationalized media stories in a few high-profile cases, post-adoption revocations are extremely rare and are usually a result of illegal or unsound legal practices.
Weighing the Options
When it comes to choosing between international and domestic adoption, there are many factors to consider. Couples should do their best to fully research each of these adoption avenues and then weigh their options. While domestic adoption may be a better fit for couples seeking a newborn, other couples may prefer to adopt a child from another country to add cultural diversity to their family. Whether it is domestic or international, couples should choose an adoption plan that not only meets their adoption desires, but is also one that they are fully comfortable with.
