Comments (…)
For more than six years, Britain's membership of the single currency has been a dead issue. When the Treasury decided in the summer of 2003 that its five tests for entry into the euro had not been met, the subject was kicked deep into the political long grass and has remained there ever since.
That may change. The fact that Britain proceeded to grow faster and had lower unemployment than the big economies of euroland meant those who supported UK membership of the euro – including Tony Blair , now  one of those tipped to be the European Union's first president – remained silent.
But with Germany and France poised to record strong growth in the third quarter and Italy looking well placed to return to growth, the question of whether Britain should join is being raised once again.
The argument in favour is that Britain has paid a high price for staying out. Initially, the pound was too strong, making British exports dearer and adding to the imbalances in the economy between an over-mighty City and a struggling manufacturing sector.
Now sterling is weak against the euro amid concerns about the vulnerability of British banks and the size of the black hole in the government's finances.
Inside the eurozone, there is collective security against a systemic crisis in the banking system; outside the eurozone Britain is simply a middle-ranking economic power with a bloated financial sector and a huge debt.
The argument against is that joining the eurozone shortly after the 2003 tests were conducted would have done little to spare Britain from recession, and may indeed have made the boom-bust cycle worse.
Spain and Ireland, both members of the euro, saw their house prices soar during the boom when the interest rates set by the European central bank were too low for their economies, and have suffered painful busts now that the cycle has turned. Ireland, once the Celtic tiger, will be the worst performing western European economy this year.
Could Britain have prevented this happening? Yes, but only if the government had been prepared to raise taxes and cut spending to compensate for interest rates that would have been far too low for comfort.
