Unaffiliated – 16 %
etc, etc.
Did you get your figures from the same source that holds the the United States were formed as a "Christian Nation"? Major Fail!
August 14, 2011 at 10:54 pm |
K_ANG023
SORRY,.BUDDY,.WE,.AMERICAN,.REALLY ,.REALLY NEED SOME GOOD F*U*C*K*I*N*GS ,.SO WE WILL WAKE UP & KICK ALL THOSE CROOKED POLITICIANS OUT FOR GOOD!
August 16, 2011 at 12:14 am | Reply
t. thompson
Fareed, you are one of the more intelligent voices in the media but I have to say you miss the point about why so many Dems are upset with Obama.....it's not that he compromises, it's that he compromises when the other side won't, then thinks he's making progress.  Yes, he needs to engage the public and to educate them on the GOP agenda, bring it home...the absence of any mention by the media is proof positive "liberal media" is a myth......one of your guests just barely got out how the Bush tax cuts were a major part of the problem before you cut him off.....so tell me Fareed, do you have an overlord, as well?  The Truth will save America, not party politics;
August 14, 2011 at 3:58 pm | Reply
Netr0
CNN is a double agent for the GOP
August 14, 2011 at 4:10 pm | Reply
DerpRepellent
Rofl. Cnn leans left, unless you're looking at it from a marxist perspective.
August 14, 2011 at 4:18 pm |
AGuest9
I agree.  What is this "hands-off" policy wth the Bush administration?  The same people who are ready to "impeach" Obama sat through eight years of what brought us to this point!  Where was the outrage then?  Everybody was too busy waving flags and saying "Go get 'um, Georgie!" So, bin Laden was captured under Obama's watch.  Still, the rednecks and the aristocrats aren't happy.  The money is gone.  It's spent.  We now have a larger deficit than before.  Amazing how it's the sick and the elderly's fault!
How many hundreds of fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters and sons and daughters did we bury?  How many families have a void that will NEVER be filled?  How many children will never know their mothers and fathers?  A Chinook carrying the brave men that captured and killed bin Laden was knocked out of the sky.  More dead.  For what, now?  We keep sending lives and dollars into that pit called The Middle East because George said so?  I'm not buying it – but the Chinese are certainly paying for it!
August 14, 2011 at 4:19 pm | Reply
joe
Uh, George has been out of office 3 years.  Mr. Obama has had 3 years to get our troops out of Afghanistan, and instead he greatly increased troop strength, yet the insurgency and taliban are as strong as ever.  Don't blame George, he is gone. The Obamonator is (supposed to be) in charge.
August 14, 2011 at 4:29 pm |
Seth
The "Truth" will save America?  Please.
August 14, 2011 at 4:44 pm | Reply
xchaos
"We're probably doing them a favor."...good one. Let's keep repeating this line and all our problem will disappear.
August 14, 2011 at 3:58 pm | Reply
Jason
So what it all boils down to is that we don't really have anything that they can use over there other than these magical green pieces of paper that can convince them to give us what we want. That does not sound like it would require very much of a work around compared to having to suddenly support your own population with 0 manufacturing facilities.
August 14, 2011 at 4:13 pm | Reply
AGuest9
Back in the 80s we were told how the economy was changing.  We weren't going to have to work in mines and factories like our parents did (we were told that was a -bad thing-).  This is the new SERVICE ECONOMY!
Want fries with that?
August 14, 2011 at 4:24 pm | Reply
Kermit Roosevelt
One would think that all this was manufactured by astoundingly smart people in untouchably high places to permanently keep the Chinese dependent on the survival of the US.
August 14, 2011 at 4:20 pm | Reply
Ken Lawson
I think North America should avoid doing business with China Chinese all together, accept the fact they are not our friends to many fraudlent chinese companies. Do not invest or you lose!
August 14, 2011 at 4:21 pm | Reply
AGuest9
Ken, good luck with that.  I went to the store to buy gauze the other day – guess where it's made?  (Hint: not here.)
August 14, 2011 at 4:27 pm | Reply
Ken Lawson
How long did it last for, if you need some more come to a Vancouver BC Night Market (Chinese) you can get all crap, knock offs and pirated goods you want direct from China!
August 14, 2011 at 11:32 pm |
Pumbaa
Why trade with a country that is against religious freedom, uses slave labor, and has a one party Communist government?  Are Americans that addicted to $10 bread toasters and cheap hammers?  Every DVD player I looked at yesterday was made in China. I couldn't even find one made in Korea and certainly not the good old US of A.
August 14, 2011 at 6:14 pm | Reply
Joe Somebody
Common sense: Because it's cheaper.  That's why.  Business couldn't give any less of a s**t about how the country they deal with handles their people, they want the best deal possible.
August 14, 2011 at 6:47 pm |
Sitty
Fareed, resident expert on all matters foreign and domestic, is at it again! CNN, please do us all a favor and find a new "expert." At least give us a few more to choose from ... Fareed has been your anti-American, golden, go-to boy long enough! And he's proved himself wrong more than right! I don't trust anything he writes because he's wrong sooooo often. I just don't understand why CNN editors can't see this???
August 14, 2011 at 4:25 pm | Reply
ZakSuckACreek
totally agree. he is over again, again and again. this guy called Zak or w/e should be fired.
August 14, 2011 at 4:30 pm | Reply
CommonSense
Exactly what's anti-American in the article above, Sitty?
August 14, 2011 at 4:41 pm | Reply
eric
August 14, 2011 at 6:08 pm | Reply
Dan
I agree, Zakaria is nothing more than a very good talker.  I'm from Canada and from an objective point of view, he merely makes arguments to stoke anti-Chinese fearmongering, like most of the media.  I saw him in a Monk debate in Toronto and it's obvious he is supports creating a new "cold war" between the US and China, like most of the media, because there they need to blame someone.
The fact is that China is an emerging super power.  That does not mean it is game over for the US.  It means we, in North America, need to change our education system, create a more skilled labour force and yes, increase the production of goods and serviecs that the world buys.  No, it does not mean we need to put more tariffs on products created in Asia or call out the Chinese as the next boogey man.  That isn't going to help us in the long term.
Idiots like Zakaria are just pandering to popular media ideals of creating tension between two of the world's most important countries, who are probably going to just end up being two of the world's largest trading partners and live a peaceful co-existence as these two governments try to do the best for their respective citizens.
Creating an "us versus them" mentality isn't going to change one thing.  Zakaria is only good at painting the Chinese as the enemy, which is funny since he's representing himself as a "true American" when he is from India.  The two economies of China and US have had a very successful and beneficial relationship for a long time now, while India has lagged because there are too many Indian companies that are fraudulent, undependable, or untrustworthy.
Zakaria doesn't propose any practical solutions.  It's time to stop complaining about China (because it's obvious, that isn't helping) and start figuring out how to compete with China (on an educational, economic and fiscal restraint perspective).  Yes, there is painful medicine in store for us to rectify the debt situation, but we have overspent, plain and simple, based on military, social and govermnent infrastructure).  It's like a household that is $500K in debt, of course you are going to have to give up some items you are used to spending on every month.  The US needs to raise some revenues and also cut spending.  Polls have shown that most Americans already know and support that we need to increase some taxes for the rich, and cut government spending so that this out of control spending situation is rectified.
August 14, 2011 at 6:41 pm | Reply
Amol
Though I agree with your other points, this has got nothing to do with Zakaria belonging to India. India's problems are different which dont make the trade grow as much as China's. Too many fraudlent companies? Please do me a favor and post the entire list here.
August 14, 2011 at 7:11 pm |
ss
Dan, do you really invest or Have you married a chinese? China is full of fraudulent companies. Most companies report different numbers to their govt and SEC. Do some research please. India has a much more open society (largest democracy) than China. India's problem is population density, infrastructure and corruption across a wide spectrum of the populace.
August 15, 2011 at 12:36 am |
Jason
Being smart is "anti American?"
News to me.
August 14, 2011 at 10:04 pm | Reply
Zayrina
Can we somehow recoup all the aid we gave China up until just a few years ago, back when they were starving?
August 14, 2011 at 4:25 pm | Reply
rpfp2012
You must of missed this:
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2011/08/09/critics-question-us-aid-to-china-amid-debt-woes/.
August 14, 2011 at 10:39 pm | Reply
Elysee
If, as you say, America's debts seem to be overwhelmingly owned by Americans in Social Security trusts, etc, would it not be biting the hand that lends you money if you curtail Social Security? Or am I looking at a different animal? Perhaps someone can explain.
August 14, 2011 at 4:27 pm | Reply
HeIsGod
August 14, 2011 at 4:30 pm | Reply
Leo
"We're probably doing them a favor." LMAO ..................
August 14, 2011 at 4:30 pm | Reply
josh
Are we doing china a favor?
August 14, 2011 at 4:31 pm | Reply
HeIsGod
RETURN TO YOUR FIRST TRUE LOVE, GOD ALMIGHTY, YOUR STRONG HOLD, YOUR DELIVERER, YOUR PROVIDER, YOUR HEALING, YOUR RESTORER, AND REDEEMER, AMERICA!!!!
REPENT!!
August 14, 2011 at 4:31 pm | Reply
ThinkAgain
God gave us all brains and expects us to use them. Simply throwing our hands up in the air and asking God to help us won't do the trick.
August 14, 2011 at 4:38 pm | Reply
Ryan
god wants us to pray. go conservatism prayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
August 14, 2011 at 5:42 pm |
Spud
Ah, so god hates the Chinese?
August 14, 2011 at 5:54 pm | Reply
Johnny
Great article but you are missing one huge component.  Today, every dollar invested china creates one in GDP growth.  In the US, that number is 7-9$ invested per $1.00 of GDP Growth.  China can start to focus on investment partnerships within its boarders and boast local demand.  It can ultimately replace US demand (nation of 1.2 Billion vs nation of 300M).  In addition there are consumers in Russia (although slowing), Brazil, and India.   The reality is our debt and currency is losing huge value.  Forget the soaring debt load 14Trillion growing to 25 or 26 Trillion.  even with the additional super committee we are only talking about a tiny slice in deficit and debt reduction.   What is really bad is 60 Trillion-112 Trillion (depending on estimates) of unfunded liabilities.  That is an IMPOSSIBLE hole.  There is nothing we can do to repay that as a nation.  The only solution is to destroy our currency which is what is happening.
August 14, 2011 at 4:31 pm | Reply
ThinkAgain
The only solution is to raise the top tax rate from 36% to 39%, ending unneeded oil industry subsidies, closing tax loopholes that encourage corporations to ship American jobs overseas and offshore their profits, raise the FICA income limit from the current $106,000 to $250,000 (or even $500,000) and end our military involvements in Iraq and Afghanistan (also eliminate no-bid military contracts).
This would go a long way to fixing our current fiscal crisis.
It's called SHARED sacrifice and those who don't want to do it, can jolly well leave.
August 14, 2011 at 4:41 pm | Reply
Bob in Pa
36% to 39%, are you that ignorant ? How much money do you thing that will raise ?
There are a little over 13480 Families or Individuals that make over 10 million dollars a year.
Lets just make it 100% tax this year, they should have enough saved that they won't feel a pinch. Problem solved right?
Oops, whats thats only 134,800,000,000 and it's not even enough to cover 1/100 the debt. Get the picture yet. There is only one solution, stop spending and pay it off.
August 14, 2011 at 4:56 pm |
jheron
Actually Bob, if you close the loopholes and also add on a tariff on Chinese goods until they allow their currency to float, we are talking well over 10 trillion in 10 years.
August 14, 2011 at 5:17 pm |
jheron
Oops, that's in conjunction with everything else.
August 14, 2011 at 5:53 pm |
posey
I'd give up my SS benefits if ANYONE could guarantee my grandchildren would benefit... I thought not.
August 14, 2011 at 6:30 pm |
Jenette
Lets just say "F" it on the debt. Wipe that slate clean. Other countrys have done it. Short term, it would hut. Long term, it would let the U.S. start over again, without all the old mistakes getting in the way. Go BANKRUPT.
August 14, 2011 at 4:33 pm | Reply
Keegan
I dont think China would be to happy with that decision lol.
August 14, 2011 at 5:28 pm | Reply
Jason
What China thinks is of little concern compared to those who own the other 92% of our debt (mostly Americans).
August 14, 2011 at 10:08 pm |
Tony L
Your knowledge of world finance  is very  limited.  US is not a third world  country that can just go bankrupt and start all over.
August 15, 2011 at 1:47 am | Reply
TrueBlueandTrusted
It was "The Donald" who was raising the red flag about China over the past two years, and now it seems everyone is paying more attention.  Recently, warnings have been aired about the dual threats of cyber-war and economic war between the US and China... all very true... but we cannot be lulled into forgetting the growing power of China's more traditional warfare threats.
August 14, 2011 at 4:36 pm | Reply
Jason
If "The Donald" suddenly started saying that the sky was blue, I'd begin to doubt it.
August 14, 2011 at 10:09 pm | Reply
Ras Gregory
The US would be doing good if it had bought alot of silver when the price was $7/per oz
oh well
August 14, 2011 at 4:36 pm | Reply
lamborghini-Dallas
I did but it was $3.49 an ounce and now $39 an ounce today. while the old greenback has gone down the tube. China is buying gold, silver and rhodium  as we speak and they will start around 4pm eastern time today. i am still buying gold and silver, and fixing to vacation in st thomas aboard my yacht. will have a drink to the dollar while i work on my tan. Gold luck to our president, just hope he doesnt blame anyone else while i am gone as last week he blamed his dog for eating his homework.........
August 14, 2011 at 5:12 pm | Reply
Gloria
August 14, 2011 at 4:36 pm | Reply
ThinkAgain
Thank you, Mr. Zakaria for explaining this. Please come up with a simple analogy so that it is easier for American voters to understand. How about:
China's economy depends on cheap exports. The US is its biggest customer. We go under; they go under. They won't call in our debt.
August 14, 2011 at 4:36 pm | Reply
Indians
Oh please.
Fareed Zakaria, you should know this better than anyone else.
if the Indians can run their economy based on domestic consumption and still achieve stellar growth numbers of 8-9% per annum, the Chinese will eventually cut the Americans off once gradual Yuan appreciation gives the middle class of China the spending power to consume China's crap that she exports to US.
August 14, 2011 at 4:51 pm | Reply
Bob in Pa
EVer seen the actual poverty in india ?
Not a pretty site. The privledged live large while the rest suffer in silence. Thats the Obama / Zakaria plan.
August 14, 2011 at 4:59 pm |
isolate
The European Union, not the US, is China's biggest export market, and China is making serious inroads into the emerging economies that will dominate the global marketplace in a decade or so.. If the EU can pull itself out of its current financial mess, that market, too, will continue to grow. Barring unforeseen changes, China will be the world's biggest economy sometime after 2016, with an internal consumer base that will dwarf its American and EU export bases.
August 14, 2011 at 4:54 pm | Reply
Manny
Fareed Zakaria will say anything to advane himself, I would not pay too much attention to what he has to say.
August 14, 2011 at 4:37 pm | Reply
freedom
l agree with AGuest9 comments, war is not cheap and we all gave the GOP a blank check to free.
"
I agree. What is this "hands-off" policy wth the Bush administration? The same people who are ready to "impeach" Obama sat through eight years of what brought us to this point! Where was the outrage then? Everybody was too busy waving flags and saying "Go get 'um, Georgie!" So, bin Laden was captured under Obama's watch. Still, the rednecks and the aristocrats aren't happy. The money is gone. It's spent. We now have a larger deficit than before. Amazing how it's the sick and the elderly's fault!
How many hundreds of fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters and sons and daughters did we bury? How many families have a void that will NEVER be filled? How many children will never know their mothers and fathers? A Chinook carrying the brave men that captured and killed bin Laden was knocked out of the sky. More dead. For what, now? We keep sending lives and dollars into that pit called The Middle East because George said so? I'm not buying it – but the Chinese are certainly paying for it!
"
August 14, 2011 at 4:37 pm | Reply
todj
Zak, is a Globalist, member of the CFR and is pushing an agenda for the power elite.  It's pretty easy to see he's again, trying to push the "All is well" button as well.  The overall agenda of the World Banking Elite is to bring about a One World Currency, controlled by the BIS.  Having the BRIC nations screaming for a new reserve currency, is playing into the IMF/BIS' hands.  And good ole' Zak is there to push that agenda hard.  But I don't know why I'm sitting here trying to educate the sheep.  Really need to wake up people....see the forest through the trees...ugh
August 14, 2011 at 4:37 pm | Reply
KungPao Chicken
Why does Fareed Zakaria keep being defensive about America's debt? Having lots of debt just can't be good. The American system is just broken and maybe outdated. Maybe we should try to learn from the Chinese. Even S&P has thrown out the big stick. What the Chinese press are saying is irrelevant. We need to swallow that bitter pill now – higher taxes, cuts in government spending – or Fareed may soon find himself working for the Chinese press.
August 14, 2011 at 4:39 pm | Reply
gtbdave
As China builds consumers, and republicans destroy out consumers, there will come a time when China does not need our consumers, they will have consumers of their own.  They are a billion, we are only 300 million, not all consumers, and a shrinking consumer base.  They wouldn't all have to be $50K a year consumers, just middle class consumers on their scale.  China is still predicted to be the #1 economy, with authoritarian capitalism, while our democratic capitalism is not doing too well.  We have no growth, most predict no growth, while China gets double, or near double digit growth.  The tea party tried a bit of authoritarian capitalism, my way of the highway, or more like, we will ruing the economy if you don't, it didn't go that well, lost trillions in just a few days, much more than the tax breaks to the rich themselves.  Authoritarian capitalism might work well, if the top dog knows what he is doing, you can't just put anyone in charge of that, certainly not the tea party.  As China becomes the top economy, we will dance more to their tune, we will just be a non-player on the economic front, military, diplomatic, we won't count, and our economy will get down to next to nothing.  Sure they don't matter much now, but slowly and surely, they rope it all in, catching a few off guard and complacent, saying we got China just where we want them.  Stil they don't say that China will not be the #1 economy, and all the trappings with that.  With no US gdp growth, it's likely to be sooner than later, all the economist are now re-doing all their projections, it might be by the end of next week that we fall down below another superpower, an also ran, down in the pack, maybe 3rd, maybe lower, but all along, we will have China just where we want them, got them on a string.  Just fell into our cleverly designed trap, we don't grow, and they grow like hell, they fell for it hook, line, sinker.  We are so clever, we're # 2, we're #2, rah, rah,............we're #4, but in our hearts, still #1, nobody else sees that though.
August 14, 2011 at 4:43 pm | Reply
ladybear
China is an ancient country, with a large working bureaucracy, and long term planning and goal setting, long before the US was ever populated by Europeans. As a result, while we think in terms of what will happen next week, next month, or next year, they look down the road several generations. They are planning for 2020 and beyond, for the country and power their children's children's children will have. One step at a time. China has absorbed massive invasions, revolutions, and natural disasters, and keeps moving on, rather like the lava from a volcano, it moves, so slowly, absorbs or envelopes all in its path, until it reaches the sea, where it becomes new land. China is growing, and spreading, slowly, quietly, inexorably, and will eventually take over the world, one store at a time. The American consumer is just speeding up the process by 'saving money' today, and helping pave the way for a future where North America is dominated by, and perhaps ruled from, China. And we won't even know it has happened until it is way too late.
August 14, 2011 at 5:12 pm | Reply
isolate
To put things in their proper perspective, imagine if, during the Cold War, the USSR had amassed over a trillion dollars of American debt. They would have had tremendous leverage over us, better than any ICBM. China is not a declared enemy, as much as the Republicans try to make them into one. If they succeed, and China decides to pull the rug out from under us for political, not monetary, principles, we are properly doomed. China is the world's biggest creditor nation, with plenty of reserves to cushion the blow to its people; America is the world's biggest debtor nation, and would be ruined, our global credit score probably dropping by too much for us to compensate for, given the Tea Party-style obstructionism in Congress today.
August 14, 2011 at 4:44 pm | Reply
Bob in Pa
Mr. Zakaria still doesn't understand the world at large. I suggest he stop writing and take an extended vacation spending a year in every country he can possibly visit.   Maybe he will finnallly understand government propaganda and how it can be used effectivly in deceiving the masses. In China, he will find that the government wants the people to think that America and capitalism is bad and has failed. Strange that he doesn't get this, he has been practicing it here in bulk lately.
August 14, 2011 at 4:44 pm | Reply
vijay
August 14, 2011 at 5:33 pm | Reply
Paul
He's not talking about what China says... he is talking about the operational realities behind what China can do. And he is dead on. China needs us just as much as we need them if not more.
August 15, 2011 at 4:56 am | Reply
Annexian
The difference is that they are still a Communist country with an authoritarian government and in case of an emergency can and will take any and all means to control things.  It's more than Tienamen, they can tell their business elite, "We do thing this way now..." with no question to obedience.  By contrast if the USA does free-fall into a true depression, our "Rich Elite" will fight like a stray animal captured by an "Exceptional" person facing it's 20th daily "Temperature reading" on any and all socially progressive measures, by knee-jerk, even if it benefits them in the long run and costs little or nothing in the short-term.
Frankly, China's doing everything it should.  The outsourcing that cheats the American his wages?  All that technology, from the computers to manufacturing is then copied, worked on, re-used.
Marx should have been a Chinaman ala non-pc "Yellow Peril" stereotypes
"Flom each akkolding tu he abirity, tu each akkording tu he need!"
"Da last kapitarist sharr sherr us da lope with which we sharr hang him!"
August 14, 2011 at 4:45 pm | Reply
HIH
A evil marriage what fun..
August 14, 2011 at 4:51 pm | Reply
Michael
The Chinese citizens could always buy their own goods which they produce instead of exporting it to America.  Seeing as there are over a billion of them.  As the Yuan appreciates in value when  the Chinese stop subsidising the US government, the Chinese will be able to enjoy the fruits of their labour even more so since they Yuan would be able to buy more goods for less Yuan.
August 14, 2011 at 4:54 pm | Reply
Jim
American companies, with their greed filled obsession for cheap, exploitable labor along with America's unwillingness to pay for what they buy, ex. (too much unsecured consumer type credit for individuals and taxes too low that they don't pay for the country's needs) has give China all the tools necessary to dominate the United States and relegate it to being a second rate country full of violence and poverty.  They can do this without firing a shot.
August 14, 2011 at 4:54 pm | Reply
Polymath
It is going to happen anyway – the economy in China is faltering just like it is everywhere else. When they can no longer support the drag of the US, they will cut us loose – they will have to or their economy will crash and burn just like ours. They are just playing a game of "chicken" with the other debt holders and I'll bet they win by divesting first. In the end, there is too much debt to crawl out from under and everyone involved will eventually lose – the US taxpaying citizen most of all.
August 14, 2011 at 4:54 pm | Reply
AndrewCarlton
Why is this clown (Zakaria) harping on China AGAIN? He must be Indian I guess. WOW, look at that! I guessed correctly. Pretty sad that CNN allows an Indian-American to report on China their Arch Nemesis.
August 14, 2011 at 4:55 pm | Reply
Justice
You can thank Mr. Rothschild and the family for getting us in this bloody mess. 150 Years later, justice still hasn't been served.
August 14, 2011 at 4:57 pm | Reply
G. R.R.
Which is all the more reason why America needs to stop borrowing. If we did, we would get back much of our manufacturing. This is a lethal combination for America.
August 14, 2011 at 4:57 pm | Reply
Paul
Do you ever think rationally? This is the chicken and the egg argument. How does China get $1 trillion to lend to us?
And why does a country that has it's own currency need to borrow it's own currency? Maybe, "borrowing" is not really what it seems.
August 15, 2011 at 4:58 am | Reply
william
Have you EVER posted a pro USA article?  Where did you grow up?  What qualifes you to post these opinions of the USA?  Iam not being sarcastic, but where did you come from and what are you qualifications?  You phote appears that you are at most 35.  This give you the judgement and wisdom to comment on such heavy subject and be believable?
August 14, 2011 at 4:58 pm | Reply
Polymath
I have been complaining to CNN for months to no avail ... he must have some dirt on CNN or his dad owns the network ... obviously something like that as he is not the sharpest tool in the shed.
August 14, 2011 at 5:03 pm | Reply
hmbsandman
Did you just see his face and read his name and automatically figure he was anti-US?
Or did you read the article? Can you even read? Which portion of it was anti-US?
August 14, 2011 at 7:50 pm | Reply
Ell
Unfortunately you are about a year late in reporting on this story.  Glenn Beck has warned about the economic crisis here, an in Europe.  He also explained about our global economic Assured Mutual Destruction, even though you only focused on China.  Either you ripped off the story or you are way behind on the issues.   My thought is it is the latter.  Way to go, ....
August 14, 2011 at 4:59 pm | Reply
Brandon L
Zak, & other commentators here are placing to much faith that a rising yuan would weaken China. The Chinese will change the Global Monetary System as we know either through SDR, Bancor, or simply Gold & Silver metals.
In fact the faster the yuan increases great. China will undergo a period of economic growth with Chinese citezens purchasing Chinese goods & services that are not going to be exported with a rapidly rising Yuan but consumed domesticly by savings that appreciate. Americans after WW2 had the highest wages, strong domestic consumption, strong exports, a currency that was strong secondly it was redeemable in gold & silver to other central banks; which are net buyers of monetary metals today.
The US dollar falling gradually or by way of free fall is a positive for the Chinese citezens, et government. Not a negative, there would be no massive increase in unemployment. Exporters would shift to selling consumer goods to the richest middle class due to a rising yuan this world has ever seen.
August 14, 2011 at 5:00 pm | Reply
Keegan
"The billions of dollars China has invested in the flagging American economy will become worthless. They will have to negotiate the exchange rate to the new amero. This will then force the creation of the North American Union."
http://www.bigzinky.com/verity-obscura/the-amero-myth/
August 14, 2011 at 5:12 pm | Reply
A
Well, actually the  European Union is now China's largest trading partner... not the US.
China could keep growing quickly even without the United States since it has much more important trade agreements with Russia and almost every growing country in South-East Asia
August 14, 2011 at 5:17 pm | Reply
DJ
Who is this Fareed Zakaria guy and why does CNN give him so much status? I never heard of him before, but every Sunday he's there to "comment" or more like criticize America.
August 14, 2011 at 5:17 pm | Reply
Ryan
crumbling empires give anchors lots to talk about.
August 14, 2011 at 5:37 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
Is he an anchor or a buoy?
August 14, 2011 at 6:22 pm |
Mike
If anyone would listen to Glenn Beck he explained this in much more detail years ago. Oh right Beck is crazy but Fareed Zakaria is sooooo smart...lol... next Zakaria will be telling you to buy physical gold and silver like he just figured out that the dollar is getting inflated to trash.
August 14, 2011 at 5:18 pm | Reply
Ryan
glen beck is an actor and or crazy.
August 14, 2011 at 5:36 pm | Reply
Mike
Right...so Glenn Beck is an actor, but when the great Fareed Zakaria says the same thing, dumbed down, 18 months late he's brilliant... do you not see how biased you are?
August 14, 2011 at 6:11 pm |
J3sus Sandals
August 14, 2011 at 6:23 pm |
michiganmoon
The sad fact is that everyone is living in a fantasy land about the problem.  In example, the surplus in the 1990s was imaginary – we added to the national debt every single year since 1957.  The "surplus" came from borrowing $ from about a dozen different government funds including social security.
We borrow around 46 cents out of dollar that the federal government spends and the recent debt deal will still allow the national debt to nearly double in 10 years.
August 14, 2011 at 5:21 pm | Reply
vortex100
If you owe the bank $10,000, the bank owns you.  If you owe the bank $1,000,000, you own the bank.  It is all a matter of scale.  Zakaria is absolutely right.  China not only needs us, their entire financial survival now depends on us.
August 14, 2011 at 5:22 pm | Reply
unowhoitsme
China need US?  China OWNS  the US!
August 14, 2011 at 5:23 pm | Reply
USD
The only reason hold so much USD is it needs it for foreign reserve. China has to pay imports for oil,food, copper or imports from other countries including US and ***pays USD to US companies***.  Whereas americans pay China imports with USD.  No need for US to hold yuan as currency reserve.
August 14, 2011 at 5:27 pm | Reply
freedom
We cant just buy everything we use with money we don't have. We need to bring back the manufacturing and show the world why we are called Americans. Zakaria alone can't come up with the solution for the the mess we are all in. Lets not forget we help created it too.
August 14, 2011 at 5:28 pm | Reply
Ryan
you are called Americans because you cant be called united statesins
August 14, 2011 at 5:31 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
"We cant just buy everything we use with money we don't have."
Yeah we can...and we will...continue to do so.
August 14, 2011 at 6:26 pm | Reply
Ryan
china already won. they are the new king,
August 14, 2011 at 5:28 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
All hail General Tso! Yeah, that's right, they've given us heart disease in the process too – bad, cheap, American-ized  Chinese food subsidized with MSG.
August 14, 2011 at 6:29 pm | Reply
USD
China has to pay oil and food imports in USD
August 14, 2011 at 5:29 pm | Reply
Tom
China owns only $1 trillion out of $14 trillion of US debts. The US government owns most of the rest.
August 14, 2011 at 5:29 pm | Reply
Ryan
when did you fall on your head?
August 14, 2011 at 5:33 pm | Reply
ObamaBush
It's sad but true that the U.S. government is too clever while its citizens are clueless.  Its nice to know that someone intelligent in the media finally reiterated what I've always known but wasn't the most fashionable way of thinking considering China's is the current fad.
August 14, 2011 at 5:29 pm | Reply
Terry
Zakaria may be correct in the short term, but his analysis is exactly that – short.  The rest of the world will be more than capable of taking over for the American consumer.  China does not need to worry about who is going to buy all their goods long term.  Chinese themselves, emerging markets will more than compensate.
USA is in a horrendous situation.  China and the rest of the world are desperate to get out of the dollar.  Things are happening now which are laying the framework for the end of the USD reserve status.  Countries are trading in their own currencies, IMF has been quite open about ideas for replacement of the USD, even China is taking steps right now to make the Yuan a global player – you can open a Yuan-denominated bank account in NY and LA now.  You have to start somewhere, here it is.  USD reign will not last.
August 14, 2011 at 5:31 pm | Reply
Ryan
August 14, 2011 at 5:32 pm | Reply
ObamaBush
@A,
Europe is 1/3, US is 1/3rd.  Take away 1/3 of your income and see how things go.
August 14, 2011 at 5:31 pm | Reply
vijay
peoples, who has a house made of the glass, do not throw stone to others house !
please tell the leaders and media to go collage to learn about world economics please
August 14, 2011 at 5:32 pm | Reply
:Time:
they couldn't infiltrate like they did Us, they were to smart. They now have a Big army and a Master plan. the Give us hints, only the Ones that know what to look for can see Them and They're everywhere. be Prepared and keep Secret but Spread the Truth, their EyeS see everything.       LWO
August 14, 2011 at 5:33 pm | Reply
Lost Generation
What happens if China shut down GDP export and import in America?
America will declare greater depression. It's hard to get material and goods from china. America have lack of natural resource in order to stabilized the economy. School, post office, business, other small businesses will not stay open.
August 14, 2011 at 5:35 pm | Reply
ObamaBush
@Terry,
Where does China's citizens get all of their purchasing power from?  Jobs dependent on lazy American buying cheap garbage.
Do you really think the BRICs will keep China's economy afloat?  they all follow the same "export cheap" road to prosperity.  Africa perhaps?  Dream on.  The Chinese century has turned out to be the Chinese decade, they should get used to doing what Washington tells them.  War is also the quickets way if China's gov't decides to commit suicide.
August 14, 2011 at 5:36 pm | Reply
Roland
What I wonder about is who Americans will blame if suddenly all there wealth is wiped out due to hyperinflation.Already there is a huge underclass of angry,disenfranchised, unemployed people.There is little if any confidence in the political system.Already you see politicians emerging that blame everything and anyone. I'm poor because of liberals because of gays or because of foreigners, I'm a good Christian did everything right in my life but now I'm eating dog food.History teaches us that nothing good comes from being in such a position.It can have absolutely disastrous consequences.Weimar Germany is probably the closest comparison and we all know what happened with them.What the world needs is for America to get it's act together and start working again.China should help the US instead of encouraging the self destructive behavior.
August 14, 2011 at 5:36 pm | Reply
USA
"China should help the US instead of encouraging the self destructive behavior."
How I wish we have "Chinese leaders" who have the market wisdom and continue buying the T bills disregard public disproval.
August 14, 2011 at 6:23 pm | Reply
usasucks
"Why China can't stop lending $$ to America"???  Why can't America stop borrowing from China? America's greed and financial mismanagement is not China's responsibility..
August 14, 2011 at 5:37 pm | Reply
Christopher
America's greed? Excuse me, but who are letting their workers be paid slave wages? Who give their workers no benefits?
Newsflash: It's not the United States.
You are also forgetting that China has been widely rapped in the news and elsewhere for undervaluing their labor, keeping their currency value artificially low, etc.
August 14, 2011 at 6:01 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
It's called strategy...have you not read the Art of War?
August 14, 2011 at 6:33 pm |
isolate
You're still thinking of China as it was 30 years ago. Read a book about modern china and those stereotypes will vanish. China will pass America in 2016 to become the world's largest economy. You don't accomplish that with slave labor. China is moving into the middle class with a vengeance, and in a few years its citizens will be buying more consumer goods than the US and the EU combined.
Did you honestly think America was going to stay in first place forever? If so, here's something to meditate on: one hundred years ago Great Britain was the world's greatest power, the richest country, the pound sterling was the global reserve currency, and Britain had an empire upon which the sun never set. Now look at Great Britain today. That's America's fate unless we accept that we've had our time in the sun and treat China the way GB accepted America's domination after WW I.
August 14, 2011 at 10:51 pm |
TC
Zakaria has a very compelling argument, but one scenario he did not consider is one in which China weens themselves off of their dependence on exports. China has a huge population– one which can vastly overshadow US demand for Chinese products. If consumer culture in China were to develop to the same degree as in the US, exports would become only a small portion of Chinese GDP. GDP would be driven by internal demand. At that point, China could allow their currency to float and it would appreciate astronomically. Inflation would occur in the US as products become more expensive and the US would become relatively poor in comparison. For companies manufacturing in China, they may begin to consider manufacturing elsewhere as costs rise. However, this would not necessarily hurt the Chinese economy at this point since much of their demand is now supplied internally.
August 14, 2011 at 5:44 pm | Reply
hmbsandman
China is already working on developing their consumer market. BTW if you've been to Beijing or Shanghai recently you'll see more Bentleys on the road than anywhere else on the planet. If you've checked the stats GM sells more cars in China now than in US.
This is not necessarily a bad thing. Its isn't just US corporations, but individual Americans can prosper as well.
The key is to get rid of our debt overhang and get back on track, and do it quickly. Everyone likes to criticize our banks (and rightly so, 2008 was the result of almost unimaginable greed and stupidity) but China does not have a very good banking system. They don't have a good research system either: no country on the planet has a network of Universities that do basic research like US does.
August 14, 2011 at 8:11 pm | Reply
Remford
August 14, 2011 at 5:45 pm | Reply
freedom
Good point "USD", US can leverage on the security of the US dollars which is widely accepted as the secured currency in the world including the Emerging markets are all hungry for us products. US need to get involved more in Emerging market.
August 14, 2011 at 5:48 pm | Reply
Christopher
Ah, but the Catch-22 there is that we are not able to do that because American items are more expensive than Chinese/Indian/etc. made stuff while NOT being of much higher quality. I'm not kidding with that either... I compared two items made of the same stuff, made using the same processes, etc.: one made in the United States, one made in China.
BOTH were of equal quality or so close that I couldn't tell the difference.
August 14, 2011 at 6:08 pm | Reply
sigh
China charges 25% import tariffs on American goods while the US tariffs on China are scant.  They buy our treasuries to make sure that their currency stays low – treasuries that increase in value for them, at least considering how relatively flat they keep the yuan, as the US dollar inflates (like it has been doing to an insane degree for 3 years now).   Trust me, China is not as worried as you might think about our economic troubles.  The Chinese gov't has not stopped and will not stop buying treasuries unless we show signs of actually defaulting – it's just too profitable for them.
An aside – now is definitely not the time to buy gold.  Its value has almost gone up 10x since the beginning of the 2000s and even if it does go up a bit for a few years I can guarantee that it will never go up that degree again.  There is no such thing as an infinitely rising commodity – remember the housing bubble?  If anything I would be selling if you've had it for more than 5 years and stick it in a savings account.  Why do people constantly think that it's a good idea to buy high and sell low?   Most people should be able to realize that the common opinion makes no logical sense, at least if you're in the business of making money.
August 14, 2011 at 5:57 pm | Reply
USA
When comparing the youths from the 2 nations, I doubt that we will end up the winner.
August 14, 2011 at 5:57 pm | Reply
David Prosser
Dear Mr. Zakaria,
You say “The economic situation between China and the U.S. is the financial version of mutually assured destruction – that cold war doctrine of nuclear deterrence. If you destroy me, I will destroy you.”
You also claim, near the end of your article, “So ignore all those theories about China doing America a huge favor. The reality is, they have nowhere else to go. We're probably doing them a favor.”  But doesn’t your statement tie back into the pettiness of: “If you destroy me, I will destroy you.”
I understand your frustration, and I as an American am prone to this frustration as well, but today the world is locked into an integral system through globalization.  So the idea that “We’re probably doing them a favor” seems to me to be shortsighted.  After all, we our responsible for buying, by far, the most Chinese goods but doesn’t this then mean that we are both doing each other a favor?
More importantly the U.S. and China are just players in one big system, for them to put all the blame on each other for economic woes is akin to a person stating that inner city schools, in the U.S. for instance, are chiefly responsible for low test scores throughout the country.  In both instances a vast amount of information is left on the shelf in order to simplify the problem.  But how can the problem be understood, and solved, if a large portion of data is not accounted for?
Martin Wolf, chief economics commentator at the Financial Times, says “Consider then a world in which the US was not one of the world’s countries, but a global federation with equal voting rights for all. Far greater resources would then flow to the poorer regions of this imaginary “world-country,” to finance infrastructure, education, health and the machinery of law and order. …While everybody should be better off if countries combined to provide global public goods, it is normally in the interests of individual countries to let others bear the cost.”
Mr. Wolf seems to be saying what many economists around the world are coming to, that business as usual will not alleviate the economic crises of today.  The world is too interconnected for the U.S. or China to calculate just how they will alleviate their own problems.  If they do, the system becomes more imbalanced by their failure or unwillingness to consider how their actions will affect the global economic system.
August 14, 2011 at 5:59 pm | Reply
Vijay
What if China buys assets elsewhere instead of treasury bonds of some country. They are already buiying oil companies, Oil fields in Africa, and ports in Europe and Asia. They can intensify buying strategic assets with their trade surplus dollars, and reduce on T-bonds. The reasoning that China has nowhere else to go than T-Bonds may probably be a myth believed by too many powerful people.
August 14, 2011 at 6:01 pm | Reply
vjpgh
I would rather pay more for an item, keep it longer and have it made in the U.S.  We are missing a huge section of middle class income by not making more items that we use every day.  Those manufacturing jobs enabled many people to learn a skill, better themselves and move up in income...not to mention all of the industries that support the manufacturers with raw materials / office supplies, etc etc.   I resent the fact that most of the items that we use every day were manufactured in China – and shipped here burning oil on a huge polluting tanker.  Seems that we gave away our middle class to help make the Chinese move into middle class.   I realize that the trade issue is not simple, but we need to take care of our country first.
August 14, 2011 at 6:08 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
If you "keep it longer," you're not much of a market are you?
August 14, 2011 at 6:34 pm | Reply
freedom
Good point "Ben" The question now is, how can we balance the budget ? Zakaria said put everything on the table and l agreed with him.
Lets not get emotional about the budget cut. everything to the table.
"
Zakaria is correct that China is really backed into a corner by running consistent trade surpluses. That surplus causes their currency to appreciate, and the Chinese have to flood the market with Yuan (i.e. trade them for other currencies) to counteract this force. Unfortunately, no market other than US debt is deep enough for the volume of purchasing China must conduct. We really do have them in a tight spot, and it would be even tighter if we could resolve our budgetary issues and stop lending to them. What would they do then?
"
August 14, 2011 at 6:08 pm | Reply
George Karpouzis
Mr. Zakaria I would like to point out several inaccurate statements in your article.
First, the EU is the biggest Chinese export market, not the US.
Secondly, China has shifted its focus from export driven to domestic consumption and investment. Although they are big exporters the Chinese are using their foreign reserves to build cities, trains, airports and a military.
Lastly, you mention all these fiat currencies as alternative investments but fail to mention gold which is rapidly becoming the world reserve currency again. The total value of the worlds gold is close to 3 trillion. As the dollar and euro fall against real assets savers will turn to gold as a store of wealth. In fact it is already happening with gold touching $1800 this week.
China and America are still very much intertwined, but you would be surprised how well China can muster without 20 billion per month exports to the US.
August 14, 2011 at 6:08 pm | Reply
andrew
Its not China. they are already feeling the backlash from the economic woes of this country. They have too much to loose if they try to destroy us. And you know it.
The trouble makers are countries such as Fareed Zakarias home of origin.
August 14, 2011 at 6:11 pm | Reply
Steve
There has been a economic "game" going on for a little over a decade.  And that is China intentionally buys our dollars (becomes our bank and lends money to the USA) to artificially keep their currency value down.  This is NOT playing buy the economic rule book.  Due to supply and demand the prices of goods, labor and the value of money is suppose to go up and down.  But when China buys the USA's dollars...they are artificially keeping their currency undervalued.
This is why their products have been able to remain so cheap...for so long.  It is not just their low labor rates, lack of overhead costs (such as pensions/social security, healthcare for citizens, lack of environmental rules).  The game of keeping their currency depressed is like artificially keeping labor wages down, or by the government commanding that prices be set at a certain level.
The economic "game" gets out of proportion when the law of large numbers comes into play.  Now China has to buy billions of dollars of US currency every month just to keep their currency down.  All the U.S. needs to do is keep printing money, and China if the choose to keep growing through exports will have to buy our cash...it is a free ride (but a dangerous one) for the USA.
China is a command economy - they are NOT a free market economy.  The government pronounces they want millions of miles of high speed train track laid within 5 years and it gets done - with no regard to safety, environmental rules, etc.
The Chinese government commands they want 9% GDP growth for certain cities within China and it is the local governments responsibility to make it happen..
How do you keep growing though at 7 – 10% a year....you can't do it forever.  So you are seeing some very bizarre things in China.  A great way to grow GDP is to build housing (i.e. what we did here in the USA the past decade). It takes lots of money, requires lots of purchases of steel, plaster, etc...and you are able to grow GDP quickly by building thousands of homes (yet entire cities).  BUT - there is NO ONE living in them.  Type in "China Ghost Town" or "China Ghost City" into YouTube to observe.
China gets out of this by getting their citizens to buy and consume.  70% of the USA economy is lead by consumption (US citizens buying things).  China needs to start having more of their economy be lead by consumption - and not exports.
Though I am scared for the USA...we actually hold a lot of the cards.  It is much like when Donald Trump couldn't pay for his real estate holdings - he ended up being ok.  There is a saying that goes something like...  If you are overextended in loans, the bank owns you.  But if you hold most of the loans of the bank, you own the bank.
August 14, 2011 at 6:14 pm | Reply
andrew
Is Fareed Zakaria a Jihadist incognito?
August 14, 2011 at 6:15 pm | Reply
bhagatt
Not so easy. America is not safe by a long chalk. The simple truth is that even if currencies equalize and the US dollar falls, US manufacturing is practically non-existent (after decades of outsourcing to lower cost countries). So even if the US dollar becomes cheaper it will take a long time to rebuild factories and create an efficient, modern manufacturing base.
August 14, 2011 at 6:17 pm | Reply
Tom
True for some industries, but you mean to tell me that Coach can't make a stupid handbag here in America?
Puhleez!  They were founded in New York City for gawds sake!
August 14, 2011 at 10:42 pm | Reply
Habib
Missa Fareed, why you no wear turban?
August 14, 2011 at 6:18 pm | Reply
Joe
Who cares what a terrorists thinks of what China's opinion is.
August 14, 2011 at 6:18 pm | Reply
Greg Autry
Good piece Fareed. It is rarely pointed out that China buys bonds primarily to maintain it's currency manipulation game. Not because they are dumb enough to think it's a good risk reward bet. The Chinese bloggers are right, they should stop!
The crucial next step is to admit the currency manipulation scheme has a purpose as well – kill off American (and Asian and European) industries one at a time in order to grow China's  list of monopolies. Cheap labor is NOT sufficient to make it economical to ship steel or drywall across the Pacific. It doesn't even justify iPhone production because labor is a small factor there.  Currency manipulation driving the price of Chinese materials down 40% and thereby buying US bonds to support that is key to gutting Americas jobs.
We need to stop funding our own demise. As you note we are paying China interest every second. Why? To keep rates low. Four years of that have done NOTHING because bankers do not want to invest those cheap dollars in America. We don't need cheap capital that goes abroad or sits in banks we need to keep our jobs!
Stop selling bonds to China or any currency manipulator. Rates will rise. Thats OK if we pay the higher returns back to Americans and close this leakage.
Greg Autry, co-author of Death by China
August 14, 2011 at 6:20 pm | Reply
Deep North
i JUST LOVE THE COMMENTS WHEN ZAKARIA HAS SAID....."This is a huge hypothetical " He is playing make believe so the entire article is bogus!
August 14, 2011 at 6:23 pm | Reply
The Dude
Why is this foreigner saying "us" like he is an American?
August 14, 2011 at 6:23 pm | Reply
Jorge Barreda
Mr. Zakaria:  You are misinformed
In your analysis, you miss the fact that, whether through CIC, its State-Owned enterprises, and even its privately held conglomerates (who have access to Government subsidized loans), China is acquiring land, copper deposits, lithium brines, and in general, everything that means access to the world's natural resources.  And they do this for strategic as much as for financial reasons.  China going outbound is perhaps the largest portfolio rebalancing exercise ever carried out in history.  If current trends continue (China outbound M&A activity to the tune of $90-100bn/year), in 5-10 years China will have divested the majority of its Treasury holdings, will have secured dominance in the world's commodities markets, and will have hedged its savings portfolio against the expected structural depreciation of the USD.  While your analysis is partially true, it is also incomplete and short sighted at best.
Best regards,
August 14, 2011 at 6:23 pm | Reply
bob
Not once was the Chinese consumer mentioned.  The escape route for China is to slow down the US treasury buying and the same time, increase internal consumption.  This will happen, but slowly and surely, it will happen, because staying with the alternative, the US dollar, is catastrophic.
August 14, 2011 at 6:25 pm | Reply
capnmike
No, we do NOT need to "cure" ourselves of debt...we need to CURE ourselves of BUYING GARBAGE FROM CHINA! Go look in the stores...Almost EVERYTHING is "made in China". THAT is why we have no jobs here and our economy is in such bad shape...we are sending TRILLIONS of dollars to China to pay for all this stuff. DON'T BUY CHINESE-MADE GOODS! The government should STOP giving tax breaks to any companies who import or sell non-US-made finished goods, and slap a 100% import tariff on all these imports. More income for the government, more jobs for Americans. Let's bring back "MADE IN USA"!!!!!!
August 14, 2011 at 6:28 pm | Reply
Lost Generation
Well, there 70% – 80 % of  americans like "Made in China" They are extremely huge fan of "MADE IN CHINA". Americans have Iphone, imac, nintendo wii, etc... They love "MADE IN CHINA"!!!
August 14, 2011 at 6:33 pm | Reply
Christopher
They like those things because the things made in China are of comparable quality (and much less cost) to things made in the United States today. Now, should the United States be using our dollars to encourage China to put into place environmental protection laws like we have? Yep.... punitive tariffs for things that come into America from China that are not made in an environmentally friendly way would put us down the path to that.
August 14, 2011 at 10:28 pm |
andrew
Help me on this. if i remember right we, the USA started outsourcing manufactured goods decades ago. It began to be too costly with the UNIONS grip on business. As the unions demands for money and being able to sit around and get paid for nothing, that added cost was passed on to the consumer. So, if business could not satisfy the unions, they go out of business. They had no choice but to go to Asia for cheap labor. Canada, India, Mexico is included. Not just China.
Its bigger than just one country. When did NAFTA start
August 14, 2011 at 6:31 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
NAFTA is irrelevant, there are no tariffs on weed and coke.
August 14, 2011 at 6:40 pm | Reply
andrew
August 14, 2011 at 6:49 pm |
jwb
I've been predicting this for years. The COMMUNIST CHinese do not care about their economic problems. They are out to destroy us buy selling us enough rope to hang us with that very same rope. Yet, the corporations just can't get over there fast enough to hire their workers at dirt cheap wages. Our politicians can't "kowtow" to them quickly enough and our govenrment can't spend us into oblivion fast enough.
Our nation has to get its finances in shape. Bring the jobs home. Re=build manufacturing in this nation. Allow businesses to create new jobs. If we don't? Then we are doomed.
August 14, 2011 at 6:32 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
Yes, let's create the smog and pollution necessary to resurrect the manufacturing sector and bring back the "local" economy. I'm in.
August 14, 2011 at 6:44 pm | Reply
jwb
II will accept some smog if AMERICANS are working. YOu'd prefer we all just work for the government in offices producing nothing but paperwork. That is what has us in this mess to begin with.
August 14, 2011 at 6:51 pm |
Christopher
With all due respect, we don't need to bring back smog and pollution. Efficiency in the manufacturing industry has gotten to the point where solar power (almost totally clean once the manufacture of the solar panels is done) could supply their power needs.
August 14, 2011 at 10:14 pm |
jwb
stop buying products from China.
August 14, 2011 at 6:33 pm | Reply
Jim
I'd like to, but America companies won't let me, because they make everything there.
August 14, 2011 at 9:06 pm | Reply
USD
the yuan and USD is FIXED and pegged to the USD and is not allowed to be traded in the forex market so accusations of forex manipulation is HOGWASH. Central banks cannot control the value of their countries value in the international forex markets which are determined by international banks who float it.  All the banks are involved in currency trading but cannot trade the YUAN in forex market like the USD or other currencies that not fixed rate
August 14, 2011 at 6:33 pm | Reply
roger
How do you think a peg works? In an export oriented economy that's not a GDR-DDR style "we say 8 Yuans are 1 Dollar" kind of proclamation! Whenever the Yuan is under pressure to appreciate, the Chinese buy Dollars and put more Yuans on the market (i.e. they increase the supply of Yuan on the market)... that's the manipulation bit because on a free float, no one would be there to "support" the currency.
August 14, 2011 at 6:45 pm | Reply
Lost Generation
America were suppose to INVENT... Not grabbing wages like PIGS.
August 14, 2011 at 6:34 pm | Reply
I didn't read the article, since I have never previously been very impressed with any of Zakaria's opinions. I don't understand why CNN keeps giving him such a prominent soapox.
August 14, 2011 at 6:38 pm | Reply
X in LA
China is an investment and consumption led economy, not exports.
Exports is 25% of China's GDP and 20% of that is to the US.
Exports is also 25% of Canada's GDP and 75% of that is to the US.
Canada will collapse LONG before China does.
Exports are 36% of South Korea's GDP.
Why does no one say "lolol South Korea doomed"?
In fact, the BEST THING EVER for China, would be for the US to default.
Yes, we'll lose 1.4 trillion in paper wealth. Then the US will no longer exist. The implication of default is social program cuts. Imagine what the 32% of the US that's Mexican or black, uneducated and heavily armed will do, when the welfare checks stop coming in?
August 14, 2011 at 6:41 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
But the USA will collapse LONG before Canada. At least Canada has natural resources and primary sector manufacturing – logging, gold, diamonds, oil (tar sands), natural gas, fresh water reserves, AND functioning social security, health care, and intact civil works infrastrcuture.
BTW, did I mention they have the lowest debt burden in the G8? You're just jealous.
August 14, 2011 at 6:51 pm | Reply
J3sus Sandals
Central Canada produces more vehicles each year than the neighbouring U.S. state of Michigan – the heart of the American automobile industry. Manufacturers have been attracted to Canada due to the HIGHLY EDUCATED POPULAITON with LOWER LABOR COSTS than the US. Still think Canada will collapse?
August 14, 2011 at 6:55 pm | Reply
Theodore
Keep outsourcing to China and keep dreaming about creating jobs in USA
August 14, 2011 at 6:41 pm | Reply
Dan
I agree, Zakaria is nothing more than a very good talker. I'm from Canada and from an objective point of view, he merely makes arguments to stoke anti-Chinese fearmongering, like most of the media. I saw him in a Monk debate in Toronto and it's obvious he is supports creating a new "cold war" between the US and China, like most of the media, because there they need to blame someone.
The fact is that China is an emerging super power. That does not mean it is game over for the US. It means we, in North America, need to change our education system, create a more skilled labour force and yes, increase the production of goods and serviecs that the world buys. No, it does not mean we need to put more tariffs on products created in Asia or call out the Chinese as the next boogey man. That isn't going to help us in the long term.
Idiots like Zakaria are just pandering to popular media ideals of creating tension between two of the world's most important countries, who are probably going to just end up being two of the world's largest trading partners and live a peaceful co-existence as these two governments try to do the best for their respective citizens.
Creating an "us versus them" mentality isn't going to change one thing. Zakaria is only good at painting the Chinese as the enemy, which is funny since he's representing himself as a "true American" when he is from India. The two economies of China and US have had a very successful and beneficial relationship for a long time now, while India has lagged because there are too many Indian companies that are fraudulent, undependable, or untrustworthy.
Zakaria doesn't propose any practical solutions. It's time to stop complaining about China (because it's obvious, that isn't helping) and start figuring out how to compete with China (on an educational, economic and fiscal restraint perspective). Yes, there is painful medicine in store for us to rectify the debt situation, but we have overspent, plain and simple, based on military, social and govermnent infrastructure). It's like a household that is $500K in debt, of course you are going to have to give up some items you are used to spending on every month. The US needs to raise some revenues and also cut spending. Polls have shown that most Americans already know and support that we need to increase some taxes for the rich, and cut government spending so that this out of control spending situation is rectified.
August 14, 2011 at 6:42 pm | Reply
tonyl
China does not play by the rules of economics. It wants to be a power but controls it's currency fluctuations and is a communist state. In the free world with free trade you have to play by the free world rules. It wants to become a power by using dirty games in economics.  Lowest wages for workers, child labor, counterfeit products, corrupt laws, currency controls and all the other outrageous misdeeds. Then it wants to lecture the free world. China is rated AA- by the S&P. GO FIGURE.
August 14, 2011 at 10:50 pm | Reply
344
The creditor (china) has a lower rating than the debtor( the US)..there is something wrong with all the US credit rating agencies.
August 14, 2011 at 11:03 pm |
Don't blame Zakaria....
He is giving you informed and researched opinion. He was born in India but educated in the best Universities of US. He has lived here for nearly 40 years. Remember this is his HOME and he is not trying to destroy it. By the way he is a Muslim from India. Does that mean he is trying to destroy USA & India and help Pakistan? You need to take a chill pill.
He is neither anti China or anti US. It is beyond your thought process to understand his comments. Get some more education & you will understand his explanation.
August 15, 2011 at 12:21 am | Reply
freedom
Very Interesting comments all..
See we all agree with have a problem, lets fix it together.
Thanks Zakaria for getting everyone talking again. Welcome back all to the new CNN " Were educated people communicate and others follow"
August 14, 2011 at 6:44 pm | Reply
Lost Generation
How about write to GOP that you prefer all toys and electrics should print "Designed in the U.S.A.; Made in China" ?
There are AMERICANS and GOP out there like "MADE IN CHINA" labels. They are super and super huge fans.
August 14, 2011 at 6:46 pm | Reply
Joe Greps
Peter Schiff offered a great analogy about 6 Asians and an American washing up on a deserted island, they all take on a task, one makes a fire, one fishes, another cooks etc. At the end of the day they complete a meal and the Americans job is to eat it. When asked who the most important person on the  island is the American explains "it's me! I keep everyone working!"
This is essentially the logic the donkey that wrote this is arguing, it's incredibly wishful thinking.
What WILL happen (and has been for months already) is the Chinese are allowing their currency to slowly climb and while American exports will drop their own people will begin see an increase in their own purchasing power. Much like the Asians on the island they wake up one day and realize they might just rather have the meal themselves.
August 14, 2011 at 6:49 pm | Reply
a disgrace
thanks to the incredible failure of obama china owns america and can do what they please with it...
August 14, 2011 at 6:49 pm | Reply
Jo
Hey, you got the attention of the freakshow MMTers over at pragcap!
Way to go.
August 14, 2011 at 6:52 pm | Reply
yupyup123
Zakaria's article is cognitive dissonance at its finest. China is doing the saving, producing, and more importantly, the under consuming, and they're not doing us a favor? Way to spin that one. Despite what Fareed may say (which is nothing but a rehash of globalist propaganda and the opinion of the PHD ivy league “hocus pocus” economists) China should have backed out of their currency and trade policies years ago. These policies have created major structural imbalances in the Chinese economy, which are going to have to be addressed; regardless if China likes it or not. This nonsensical idea that China has "no choice" is resulting in massive inflation as they monetize our huge budget and trade deficits. What China needs is to allow their currency to rise, stop buying U.S. government debt, pare their losses, and more importantly allow their economy to go through a recession and restructuring.  America on the other hand is in for a world of hurt, as it will take years to rebuild our capital stock which has been severely depleted.
August 14, 2011 at 6:56 pm | Reply
QZ
No 1 Winners: Capitalists in China and US
No 2 Winners: Working class in China
Losers: Working class in US
August 14, 2011 at 6:58 pm | Reply
tonyl
You are absolutely right. Corporate profits are up and all time high. Corporations are holding all their cash instead of reinvesting in this economy. They only invest overseas to hire foreign labor. Which allow the Chinese and Indian workers to benefits and their governments with tax revenues. Until we reverse this non sense, we will continue to go down.
August 14, 2011 at 10:39 pm | Reply
China who
Finally someone comes out with closer to the truth about China. They don't own us, the are addicted to us. They need us as much or more than we need them.
August 14, 2011 at 7:01 pm | Reply
Lost Generation
Here's problem in USA.  America does not have CORE INNOVATION in 2008-2011.  They ran out ideas.
So you guy bunch of greedy and extremely expensive unions steal disadvantage dreams away and turn into unemployment.
August 14, 2011 at 7:09 pm | Reply
reiner
Why should China do a favour for US?
August 14, 2011 at 7:23 pm | Reply
Chinese
