Price levelling
The increase in cross-border tourism will contribute to the levelling of prices in neighbouring countries. Such competitive pressures are affecting business in the Basque region straddling the border between France and Spain. Desolate hilltops on the Spanish side of the border have sprouted supermarkets and shopping centres to attract French shoppers from Biarritz, with prices about 20% lower than in France. As a result, French prices are being forced down. However, Spanish property prices are higher than the French ones, so French property is rising in price. Price levelling can thus take the form of levelling up rather than down, although the latter is most often the case.
Price differences due to differences in input costs and taxes will always remain, but the contrast between price variability within and between euro countries will be smaller. Since, however, some price differences will remain – for example on alcohol, as between Dover and Calais – there will be an increase in shopping tourism across borders, requiring better transport links in border areas where they have traditionally been deficient.
On balance, the euro will make prices lower, thanks to greater competition in a wider market, as has happened with the dollar in the huge US market. But the introduction of the euro could cause inflationary hiccups, even if in the longer run its effect is benign. In the UK, it is widely recognized that the pound will have to fall if we are to go into the euro at a viable exchange rate that will give us a basis of costs and prices that can be sustained, relative to the rest of the euro area.
Effect on the pound
The pound is now at 1.56 (formerly DM3.05). If the UK went in at the rate equivalent to DM2.95, at which we joined the Exchange Rate Mechanism in 1990, this would be 1.51, a devaluation of only 3%. A more realistic rate for manufacturing and tourist competitiveness would be 1.40, a devaluation of 10%.
Many industrialists who would like to join in principle would rather not do so at the current exchange rate. However, if the pound, along with the euro, rises against the dollar, this will mitigate the inflationary effects of a fall against the euro, by making oil and many other imports cheaper in sterling terms.
Opportunity to round up?
The other entry problem is the same as that which Britain encountered when introducing the decimal currency. Retailers in some euro countries have taken advantage of the change to round prices up rather than down. It was hardly feasible to expect all the old price points, such as 9.99 units of national currency, to survive as an arbitrary amount in euros.
The main abuses occurred in Germany, albeit for small items, since the government left it all to the market. In France, the authorities were more vigilant; in the new Guide Michelin, for example, restaurants increased prices which had been a round number of francs in euros to two places of decimals. As a result of the rounding process, euro area inflation may have gone up by a fraction of 1% in January 2002, on account of the introduction of the euro.
Nevertheless, some reassurance has been given to consumers in most countries by printing the amount in the old national currency on receipts, below the main total in euros – the opposite of what happened during the transition period, when the euro amount appeared underneath.
Lower inflation means lower interest rates
The European Central Bank (ECB) is a stronger defence against inflation than the Bank of England or any national central bank. Although the Bank of England is independent, and has the power to fix interest rates, it is still ultimately subject to the directives of the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
The Bank of England has been given a target of 2.5% inflation, but this can be changed by the Chancellor. It has, in fact, kept interest rates somewhat higher than would have been needed to achieve this target; a case of 'overkill' in an attempt to build up its inflation-fighting reputation. The ECB has a target of 0-2%, which is its own definition of price stability and not that of the European Finance Ministers. Its powers are granted by the Maastricht Treaty, which protects it against political interference.
The present ECB interest rate is 3.25%, compared with the 4% Bank of England rate. This is consistent with the finding that real interest rates in the euro countries over the last ten years have been one per cent lower than in the UK.
The price of an independent currency, such as the pound, is that interest rates have to be higher to protect it against speculation. This is likely to be demonstrated if the pound falls against the euro during the transition period before entry. The ECB has not raised its interest rates in an attempt to shore up the euro's exchange rate against the dollar, which is now rising again as the cyclical trend in favour of the dollar changes. As only 14% of the euro area's GDP is traded with the rest of the world, currency fluctuations affecting it have a limited effect on inflation within the area.
Lower interest rates will benefit the UK, which has lagged behind its competitors in terms of capital investment. This will hold good both for foreign direct investment and for domestic investment. The tourist industry can expect to benefit through more infrastructure spending on hotels, aviation, and surface transport links. This investment will be required if the demand stimulated by the euro is not to be discouraged by longer waiting times, higher fares, and perceived dangers to safety.
Freer movement of labour
The euro is also bringing about a long-term change in labour markets. To offset the adverse effects of cost and price changes that could be caused by the euro in the less fortunate regions, labour needs to be free to move around the EU to where the demand for it is greatest. Yet, lack of language skills limits the movement of labour.
As a service industry, tourism is a major employer of 'migrant' labour, particularly the thousands of small firms which dominate the hotel and restaurant trade. The EU policy on tourism highlights its role in reducing unemployment, especially in the popular Southern European destinations where it is particularly high at present.
A major issue for Western Europe will also be the control of immigrant inflow and its management to offset the decline in the working population in many countries. Here, too, the tourist industry has a vital role to play, as many tourism and hospitality businesses are an obvious first step on the employment ladder for immigrant workers. A rational European immigration policy would channel immigrants to areas with the shortest supply of suitable labour.
Conclusions
The economic arguments in favour of Britain's entry into the euro are convincing, certainly for the tourism sector. The political arguments carry equal weight. Britain, as a major European power, cannot afford to be left out of the euro, because it is the most important advance in economic integration since the Common Market itself was set up in 1957. It is illogical to accept the Single European Market, approved by Mrs Thatcher in 1985, yet to condemn it to operate with 15 different currencies.
The number of currencies has now been narrowed to four – the euro, the pound, and the Danish and Swedish crowns – which makes it all the more anomalous for the three non-members to stay out. Britain's hopes of playing a leading part in defence, foreign policy and economics in Europe will be seen as incompatible with staying out of the euro. If the UK's economic growth catches up with that of its major rivals, it will have more influence on the European scene. If it falls further behind, it will hold less economic and political leverage. The 'patriotic' solution is not to stay out, but to go in.
About the author
Christopher Johnson was formerly Chief Economic Adviser at Lloyds Bank, then UK Adviser for the Monetary Union of Europe. He is a Council Member of Britain in Europe. His book, In with the euro, out with the pound, was published by Penguin in 1996.
Subject categories
Below are the categories for this article. Click on these to find Articles / DM Toolkit sections on similar subjects
