Other
Christine
The UK did not meet the monetary conditions to join the Euro in the early 90s (remember John Major and mini recession).  Also, from working in UK banks in the late 90s I got the impression they didn't want to take a risk, and adopted a wait and see attitude,  I would have meant a loosening of control by the Bank of England.
So since then its more of a media campaign against it, seen as unpatriotic etc, rather than an educated debate, which is unfortunate.  To say a country looses its identity because of the money in its pocket is ludicrous, I have yet to wake up and think I was living in a different country - and when in Greece, Spain, Belgium etc, I still manage to remember where I am.  As I'm sure a British person would too.
As for a failing currency - just go to any country outside Europe and see what currency the offer you transactions in?  Even when I was in the States I was asked if I wanted my credit card charged in Euro or USD, I chose USD because it would be cheaper.  But the USD will recover, it has to.
Paddy B
There is a strong LONG TERM argument for the UK to adopt the Euro. In the shorter term, however, the British economy has probably benefited from not being part of the single currency system.
I believe that Britain will eventually adopt the Euro and I hope that she does. To make this politically possible, however, much of the bias and prejudice around needs to be changed. Some "Little Englanders" will never accept the Euro (but most of them don't see themselves as European at all!).
The principal benefits of the Euro are twofold:
(1) To reduce transactions costs for business and help trade.
(2) To help travellers who will no longer have to pay costly foreign exchange costs when they travel.
The contrary arguments are to do with sovereignty. Obviously if it is not the Bank of England determining interest rates but the European Central Bank then we, in the UK do lose some control of our affairs. On the other hand we gain some control over the Euro (which being outside the system we do not have).
Those of us, who are keen Europeans, as well as being proudly British, see no paradox in holding this point of view. Sadly there is an element of British society which doesn’t like “foreigners” and “foreign things” and they are sufficiently political important voters for our leaders to be dragging their feet on this issue!!!
DIXIE
Because the banks make too much money from exchange and it makes comparing our standard of living with the rest of the EEC much more difficult.
It helps conceal rip of Britain
alatoruk
for the same reason we got out of the ERM.
tying our inflation to the econimies of other european nations, over which we have no control, would be financial suicide. Woulkd you tie your future wage increases to whether I worked hard or not.  I doubt it, so why would we want to do it for the country.
tristan
Cause they consider that the € may be an intruder in there economy. They are living in a Island, like "Utopia" as it was described by Thomas Moore when he wrote that book: He was thinking in England.
calzaghe_fever
we just like to be different people see it as losing our individuality like where the only country who needs a passport to travel around europe
Paul M
The British government has repeatedly said the time is not right for Britain to adopt the euro. When he was chancellor, the now British prime minister Gordon Brown said there were five tests that must be passed passed before he would recommend UK entry to the euro. They examine the effect of adopting a common European currency on jobs, on the financial services industry and on foreign investment. They also look at whether the UK economy is in line with the eurozone and whether it has the flexibility to adopt if it isn't. In short, they boil down to whether the advantages to Britain of being part of the European economy outweigh the loss of fiscal control and monetary control over the U.K. economy and the transfer of some economic policy making power from Westminster to Frankfurt (home of the European Central Bank) and Brussels (home of the EU).
steffi
Having read and seen what has happened to the countries that adopted the Euro, why would we want to?
I don't think travel currency transactions would make up a large part of the overall picture.
alphacenturi
Because many see it as another nail in the coffin.
Save Money Guide
Because a country completely loses its identity if it sacrifices its currency.
Also the Euro is not a well respected currency, despite the efforts of politicians to promote it.
Gordon Brown actually sold a large portion of our gold to buy Euro currency to replace it.  Total madness.
Gold may rise and fall, but it always eventually comes back as one of the premier 'currencies' of the world.
In 2008 the US Dollar is also likely to recover.
The Euro will continue to struggle - it is a manufactured currency created by politicians trying to establish a new regime.
Regards Jo.
