February 28, 2012 at 11:13 am | Reply
conservative values?
Fewer guns, total accountability of the permit holder and access to healthcare for those who need it.
I can smell the conservative stink coming right out of your post, bilderberg. I'm not a liberal either. I'm a rational.
February 28, 2012 at 12:13 pm |
Tony Bowling
Totally agree. Guns don't kill people. People on mind altering meds with guns kill people. Proven time and time again.
February 28, 2012 at 2:09 pm |
Conner Mentall
Please give me grenades and land mines. Why can't I have those too for protection???
February 28, 2012 at 2:18 pm |
Q
It's cause there aint enough guns and there are too many laws.....TEAMERICA
February 28, 2012 at 11:33 am | Reply
gar
Yep, just what we need... more guns.  Everyone should own at least a dozen...
February 28, 2012 at 12:41 pm |
Hot Carl
Don't blam guns, blame stupid inbred parents who don't keep their guns LOCKED.
Whoooo-hooooo! We're #1! We're #1! Ha ha ha, take THAT China! Looooooosers!
February 28, 2012 at 12:28 pm | Reply
joe
You never see a massacre at a gun show, do you? Columbines and Virginia Techs will continue to occur as long as responsible, sane adults are not allowed to carry guns on school grounds. One or two armed faculty or staff members could have saved dozens of lives at VT. We have let politicians decide that the Second Amendment doesn't apply at school, and as long as that is allowed to stand, criminals, terrorists, and crazy people will take advantage of "victim disarmament zones" to commit mayhem. Remember ... when seconds count, the police are only minutes away.
February 28, 2012 at 12:32 pm | Reply
Lyntoon
Bang, bang, bang! The Wild West lives yet!
February 28, 2012 at 2:02 pm |
StevenR
Get real. More guns equals safer? You must be INSANE.
February 28, 2012 at 3:17 pm |
toxictown
Yes, people (who have prob never taken a basic gun safety/target course) firing at will in enclosed public spaces is an excellent idea! How come you are not king of everything!!!
February 28, 2012 at 5:09 pm |
Earnan M
"Lyntoon" and "StevenR" are the onsane ones here.
There are more guns on American streets today than ever before.  Millions of ordinary people are carrying concealed pistols every day thanks to "shall issue" permit laws in 40 states.  And the violent crime rate is DOWN, not up.
The murder rate in the US is at its LOWEST in decades.  DOWN over 52% since the 1990s, despite a roll-back of gun control laws at the Federal level and in almost all of the states.
Gun accidents are at an all time record LOW.
MORE guns and LESS crime.  Not a theory: a FACT.
February 29, 2012 at 8:20 am |
JSMAN
This was a very well written article.  In response to all the people on this post, however, I wanted to add my two cents to the gun control issue.  I agree that EASY access to guns is part of the problem, but someone already broke the law by allowing that kid to have a handgun as he was under 21.  Unless the real issues are addressed, talking about gun control in this context is meaningless.  The real tragedy here is the breakdown of the family (this child's in particular).  If we need something to cry about, cry about the effect of post-modernism on our children.  When children are brought into a world with no moral code and no hope, you end up with this.  Before you go ranting on about how we need to eliminate guns in this country, look in the mirror and ask yourself what have you done to provide the next generation with a reason for living past perpetuating American capitalism.
February 28, 2012 at 12:46 pm | Reply
SadWorld
I could not have said it better myself.  There is little accountability in today's society.  Kids run amuck with no respect for authority.  Parents, on the other hand, are too busy keeping up with the Jones' to care about what bothers their children most of the time.  They would rather buy them the latest gadget then to sit down and spend quality time.  We are a society dominated by instant gratification, brand names and the superficial lives of celebrities.  When you can't keep up with what society deems popular, you fall behind and end up being bullied and victimized. We need to go back to simpler times.
February 28, 2012 at 3:40 pm |
Anonymous
You idiots are babbling over gun laws and children are dying. Disgusting
February 28, 2012 at 12:49 pm | Reply
JOSE0311USMC
FORCE YOUR SCHOOLS TO SUSPEND BULLIES.HIRE A HALLWAY MONITOR TO KEEP THEIR EYES ON BULLIES..BULLIES ARE EASY TO SPOT, THEY ARE ALWAYS RUNNING THEIR MOUTH.
February 28, 2012 at 2:18 pm |
Toshi
Where is the mental health support for these kids, before they fall apart?
February 28, 2012 at 10:12 pm |
theoldchief
Lack of access to weapons is NOT the key, and gun control is NOT the answer. The "key" is responsilbility and accountability. As I said in an earlier post, our "role models" in life – teachers, parents, political leaders – are missing in action. The very people who should help us to understand one another and to build social skills, are guilty of derilection of duty. What are we left with? Hollywood, TV, video games, and socially-inept friends, relatives, neighbors, and classmates. Growing up in this cynical world has become very lonely and scary, and violence like this will continue until we ALL take responsibility as social animals that must coexist, and be held accountable to one another for the things we do here at the top of the food chain.
February 28, 2012 at 12:52 pm | Reply
Charlton Heston
Great idea!  Let's pass a law that requires people to be more responsible!!  That would be a lot easier than regulating gun sellers.
February 28, 2012 at 1:42 pm |
Tony Bowling
It is interesting that a Psych wrote this article because his type are likely the cause of this: Nearly every school shooting and other seemingly motiveless group shooting has two very distinct factors: The obvious one is guns are available but the key one is that the shooter is on or has recently been on mind controlling medications. Not street drugs. Something given to "help" the person. You will either see this info in the initial report or later on at the trial or something. It may even be "he was diagnosed as having ADD" which nearly always means he/she was put on meds.
February 28, 2012 at 2:05 pm |
Time Bomb
As to the argument that if we took guns away from citizens only the criminals would have them, what do the criminals in other countries with stricter gun laws use?  I do not see any evidence that their citizens are being killed or put helplessly in harms way any more than we are here in America (and I am talking about countries with similar lifestyles and socio-economic status as the US, like the UK, not countries such as Afghanistan that are not truly comparable).  The lack of guns in those countries hasn't resulted in their law-abiding citizens being sitting ducks, as the pro-gun argument would have you believe.  I also find it somewhat ironic that people who might otherwise take any possible measure to ensure that a fetus doesn't get aborted won't take any possible measure to make sure a born child isn't shot to death.
February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply
toxictown
Humans are violent monkeys and will use what is at hand so..in countries w/o guns it will be knives, machetes, sticks, etc...Guns however, do make it quick and effective (you can take out more at once that you can w/a knife). However, we have a "cat out of the bag" scenario in the US in that there are piles of existing weapons already deployed. Even if all gun manufacture and import ended tomorrow, there would still be plenty to go around for the forseeable future.
February 28, 2012 at 5:14 pm |
SoundSmart
As a Russian with substantial US experience I'd say one word:
"GUNS."
Their availability also affect the "culture".
Not "violent computer games"...
Not "mental illnesses" etc...
It started with CULTURE some 200 years ago. But then GUNS' availability started affecting the culture. Now it's all intermixed.
Americans, DO SOMETHING ABOUT HANDGUNS!!!
No one needs a HANDGUN for "hunting" – it's USELESS against ducks and dears. People use RIFLES and SHOTGUNS (19th century style) for hunting in Russia and the rest of the world – those are more than adequate to take a dear or moose down. Not something you can conceal in your freaking pocket! Go figure...
The handgun was designed to kill PEOPLE. (Come on! How may "sudden bear or tiger attacks" does the average human have to sustain per year? Just common sense.)
February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply
Earnan M
Russia has a higher rate of violent crime and murder than the US.
The murder rate in Russia is 15 per 100,000 persons.  More than THREE TIMES AS HIGH as the 4.7 per 100,000 in the US last year.
Whatever Russia is doing, it's not anything we want here.
February 29, 2012 at 9:41 am |
Richard White
Sirs: I believe the statement on "Why..." American schools lead in shooting crimes... etc. is very misleading. The Madras schools and the policies of Arab countries controlled by Muslim policies kill more students by far than the "nut cases" in America. If you wish to gather the statistics in Afganistan, and several remote areas in Pakistan, you'll find "official" slaughter of any progressive schools teaching in the "Western tradition". So, I don't believe you... PERIOD.
February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | Reply
Dan
Did you even read the article? He's referring to school shootings that are carried out by psychologically disturbed teens not religious nut jobs.
February 28, 2012 at 4:57 pm |
situationalawareness
@Dan: Same deal, just a different name for the same issue.
March 1, 2012 at 12:30 pm |
Barry G.
Hey, I wonder whether the fact that the US is number one in such shootings has anything to do with the fact that the US is the number one producer of arms (weapons), whether it has anything to do with the fact that our children watch so much TV (much of which is filled with violence), and whether , and whether it has anything to do with the fact that our legislators serve the interests of the lobbyists, who represent the arms industry, rather than represent the interest s of the people they have sworn to serve and protect!
February 28, 2012 at 1:08 pm | Reply
americangirl
because anglos have a gene in them that predisposes them to mass murders....
February 28, 2012 at 1:10 pm | Reply
Earnan M
African-American males commit over half of the murders in the US.
Does that mean Blacks have a gene that predisposes a very great number of them to murder people?  Is it better if they're only killing one or two people at a time?
February 29, 2012 at 9:45 am |
situationalawareness
Wipe that thought out of your mind.
March 1, 2012 at 12:32 pm |
Chole
You can, but it would cost more.
February 28, 2012 at 1:10 pm | Reply
Tom
Because we have too many guns and too many cowboys.  No guns = No gun violence.  It is mathematically perfect and factually correct.  When are the 85% of the country not fascinated with guns going to reign the children (gunners and the NRA) in?
February 28, 2012 at 1:13 pm | Reply
situationalawareness
That's a conceited and narrow point of view.  Actually, that's a disarming point of view.  Whether you want it or not, the very reason for weaponry held by civilians is for protection.  It wasn't until the 20th century that the concept of owning weapons only for hunting purposes even came into existence.  (yes, I realize you didn't mention the hunting aspect, I figured I'd nip that in the bud before it became a conversation piece)
There is no "LOL OMG liek do xyz and it fixez everything!!!~@  duhh!~!~@" approach to this.  In fact, it's so many miniscule things that have changed, and I nor you can put our hands on one aspect that controls it all.
That being said, since I can count the number of school shootings that have occurred in America in the last 20 years, and the fact that America's population count is 450 million, I'm thinking it's a fine tuning and not a crowed mass hysteria.
March 1, 2012 at 12:39 pm |
Jake
Blame the inanimate object, don't blame the parents who kept firearms somewhere that could be accessed without their knowledge by a mentally disturbed 15-year-old.
February 28, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply
Chris
Your gun laws DUH!!!!! aw Americans...so dumb.
February 28, 2012 at 1:47 pm | Reply
Allyssa Sue Warberg
Remember. Guns don't kill people – the reported death of those children is a fabrication of the liberal news media. As the NRA crime lobby keeps telling us, the solution is not to remove the guns from the hands of children, it is to arm all children so they can defend themselves.
February 28, 2012 at 1:54 pm | Reply
Patrick
Yea just like the little 10 year old girl that was killed by her class mate using only her fists. D*m guns!
February 28, 2012 at 4:04 pm |
Upset Voter
There is not a politician in the world who does as much for society as an engineer. All politicians provide is hot air and we already have enough global warming. BTW ... As much as I am disappointed with President Obama, the last administration thought it was good that our largest export is jobs. The economy was in collapse as they left because they ignored it.
February 28, 2012 at 2:01 pm | Reply
GvH
The headline is almost as stupid is our nation's obsession with guns.  The NRA will spin this like they always do...but they aren't sticking up for your liberties, it is all about money.  How can anyone sleep – that supports the rabid proliferation of guns in this country – when there are literally thousands of victims who die because of this ridicuous situation.  My heart goes out to those families and friends who have lost a loved one.
February 28, 2012 at 2:24 pm | Reply
AmericaIdiot
Swiss are 2nd in gun ownership.  Yes.  You forgot to mention the 2:1 ratio in ownership.  We have more guns by a HUGE margin.
February 28, 2012 at 2:31 pm | Reply
Vijay
Simple Reason : Gun Gun Gun Gun Gun
February 28, 2012 at 2:39 pm | Reply
boink
mitt romney will ask his nascar team owner friends what to do... santorum will declare schools forced education against the bible and newt will push for more shootings so kids will quit school and get a job
February 28, 2012 at 2:40 pm | Reply
chris
because guns are availible and bullies are targets !!! i say survival of the fittest , and the bullies are the weak ones !!!!
February 28, 2012 at 2:51 pm | Reply
JMS
The Truth About School Violence is a good book that talks about all the different components rather than blaming any one facet.
February 28, 2012 at 2:52 pm | Reply
Joey Boy
It all comes down to one thing – the moral decline of society.
February 28, 2012 at 3:23 pm | Reply
tough call...
Are you being sarcastic, or are you just plain looney?
PS, consider apostrophes...
February 28, 2012 at 3:34 pm | Reply
Way Out There
You realize many politicians that are members of that 1% that are making decisions to rule your life are Democrats?
February 28, 2012 at 3:41 pm | Reply
miss.lyd
This is an answer to all the replies and not only to jal.  Go to YouTube.  Type "CARMAN" and listen to his song "AMERICA AGAIN".  I hope that that song will answer many questions that are wirling around
February 28, 2012 at 3:50 pm | Reply
historiansreality
As someone who lived through Columbine, I will tell you its not because of bullying, or guns. People will always kill each other. But America leads in this category for one reason: 0 tolerance policies. Kids are punished excessively for school fights; 30 years ago, you would have 2 kids throw down in the gymnasium, and after it was over, you would shake hands and disregard your differences. Now...kids feel helpless, because if they fight back, they are arrested. We have raised our kids to be a bunch of sissy's who cant stand up for themselves without government intervention. THE GOVERNMENT IS TO BLAME. PROZAC AND THE PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES WHO FUND DRUGS WHO DRIVE PEOPLE INSANE ARE TO BLAME.
February 28, 2012 at 4:08 pm | Reply
Gutienbauer
seems like your traumatic experience left some permanent damage. I'd advice a psych consultation..
March 4, 2012 at 1:14 am |
Now that right there folks, was an intelligent comment.^^^^^^Everyone look above^^^^ we have a true scholar right here. Grow up.
April 19, 2012 at 2:48 am |
Monti
StevenR
It's the guns. Here you go "responsible" gun owners. How about IF YOU DO NOT SECURE YOUR GUN AND IT GETS USED IN A CRIME, YOU DO THE TIME.
I am SICK AND TIRED of idiotic gun owners saying "I left it on the coffee table and it got stolen so I am not responsible". YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE! Keep your G.D. guns OUT OF THE HANDS OF CHILDREN AND CRIMINALS OR YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE.
I am all for RESPONSIBLE GUN OWNERSHIP, I just have NEVER SEEN IT!
---------------–
How many of your friends that hang out with you at the Tofu bar are gun owners? Sounds like you know nothing of gun owners. Myself, I am a Liberal who owns guns. it is easy to hate what you fear and do not understand and use it as a scapegoat.
February 28, 2012 at 4:23 pm | Reply
Vergil
So by that token, if your car is stolen and used by a drunk driver to hit a bus full of school children killing half, you should be punish to the same extent as the driver since you did not do enough to secure your car. "But I locked it".  Did you put a steering wheel locking device on it?  Did you put a tire boot locking device on it?  No? Then you could have done more.  What if one of your kids take a kitchen knife and guts the bully at school?  Should you be held responsible since you allow you child access to the deadly weapon?  how about when your little Timmy snags the full bottle of ibuprofen since his little girlfriend has been having headaches and she take too many and her liver fails and she dies?  The possibilities are endless.  Raise your kids to have respect and have compassion or their fellow humans.  Case closed not FO!
February 28, 2012 at 9:29 pm |
situationalawareness
Since strawman analogies are abound I ask you this: if I hack into your computer and transfer money from another persons bank account into an offshore account with the use of said computer, are you responsible?
Yes, it has quite a bit of similarity, since you need to learn how to keep your computer safe and secure yet accessible.
March 1, 2012 at 12:46 pm |
Southern Jaw
I agree with that!  Mitt's the pitt.
And given that we don't give teens permission to drive cars without a license, why not license teens before they can "drive" a gun to school or anywhere for that matter?   See a kid with a gun, hey where's your license? Then duck.
February 28, 2012 at 4:37 pm | Reply
kl
another liberal hack who will never get it.  Blame guns and everything else but failing to  recognize  the truth.  CNN and their like (liberal democrats) have been for taking prayer and sound Biblical principles away from our kids for 40 years..  you now are reaping what you sow.  you laugh all you want to but when Jesus comes back you will see the Son of God in all his glory.
February 28, 2012 at 5:14 pm | Reply
situationalawareness
whoa.. buddy.. what?
easy... we're talking about real world things here, let's not get all nutty.  btw, liberal != anti-gun.
March 1, 2012 at 12:48 pm |
4peas
All of these issues can be found in other developed societies, except the access to guns.  It is the single obvious reason this happens.  I have lived in a number of countries and the US is unique in this respect.  The parents of these kids take no responsibility; they are not accountable.  The other day a 3rd grader in Texas brought a loaded gun to school.  Nothing will happen to the parents.  What is wrong with these people?
February 28, 2012 at 5:34 pm | Reply
JP
One more thing, Americans love their guns and are addicted to violence. Watch the boob tube, it's like the Roman games broadcast 24 hours a day. Look at the movie heroes, from singing cowboys to the latest gun toting macho men. The society is so steeped in it they can't see life without it, some posters here equate anti gun posters as being weak. Sad to stay but stupidity is going to keep America from any change anytime soon, we're just a step above those cultures who shoot machine guns into the air at birthdays and weddings and if there were no laws against that I'm sure it would be happening in every city.
March 1, 2012 at 9:38 am |
situationalawareness
@JP: it's obvious you aren't American, nor have been in America.  You're basing American culture and living from mainstream entertainment/television broadcasts.
March 1, 2012 at 12:51 pm |
Lew
February 28, 2012 at 5:37 pm | Reply
Chad
The problem is gun legislation.  The supreme court has deemed that God gave us the right to own guns, just as the founding fathers deemed God gave us the right to own human beings.  Flawed reasoning, flawed results.
In civilized countries like Australia, when they have a single massacre, they outlaw guns, as they did in 1996.  Problem solved.
Until we as a culture decide that we need to get rid of all guns that are not used actively for hunting purposes, we will be condemned to this sort of horror.
You can look for warning signs, do psychological analyses, you name it... until we take guns away, we will continue to see these headlines.
Obviously there are occurrences that can be singled out in other countries, but I would imagine that America has more gun violence than the rest of our allies put together.
February 28, 2012 at 5:38 pm | Reply
August
Can we look at the involvement of parental units at home? Both Mom and Dad are working full time to pay bills and children have no guidance at home. This isnt a gun control problem. This is a problem with what is going on in America. Other countries dont have it this bad because other countries are there for their children. We just ignore them until something bad happens for the most part.
February 28, 2012 at 5:39 pm | Reply
Norm
We've outlawed corporal punishment and now our children have nothing to fear.
It can't get any simpler than that.
Ask yourself when all of this kind of insane behavior started.
February 28, 2012 at 5:44 pm | Reply
Food4Thought3
President Obama is to blame.
Actually, it is because gas prices are rising.
Just kidding, it is because we don't have nationalized health care.
Wow, it is fun to make completely irrelevant news the culprit.
Enough blaming the 1%.  After all, they're 1%.  I bet you think the US would never have debt/deficit if it just had more money.
February 28, 2012 at 5:48 pm | Reply
justice4sarah
We are #1 because of 'ZERO Tolerance" These kids are so suppressed, this is the ONLY avenue left for them. DUH! Let them take it out back and settle the issues, like we did a few years ago. 9 out of 10 they will walk away renewed friends and the problem settled and no one is KILLED. Nothing will come of it but a few bumps and bruises. These idiot school officials are to BLAME for every child killed in schools, past, present and future.
February 28, 2012 at 5:58 pm | Reply
Toshi
OMG Sarah,
I don't even know if your pathetic narrative deserves a response. Should we have the schools schedule a specific time of the day for fights with those we can't get along with or should they just be allowed to leave the classroom whenever they want to and go beat the tar out of each other?
if anyone in school now days even gets bumped into or looked at the wrong way the parents are usually calling the principal before midnight demanding that the other kid be disciplined. Maybe our parenting and the examples that we set for our children in people skills and positive social interactions should be put under the microscope.
February 28, 2012 at 10:36 pm |
justice4sarah
No we should not, they did not do this years ago. The students took it upon themselves to handle this. But know they are suppressed to a point of bringing a GUN to school and KILLING each other. Now what was your comment in regards to my pathetic narrative?
February 29, 2012 at 4:07 pm |
Charlton Heston
Why are there so many people who claim that knives are just as effective as guns? How do you kill somebody twenty feet away with a knife?  This argument is always about "If you take away guns, they will use knives, or spatulas, or bats?  So this 16 year old kid in Ohio and others like him are going to become expert knife throwers?  Even if they could throw ten knives accurately in 20 seconds, they wouldn't do as much damage to skulls or torsos as a gun.  Potential victims can hide behind a desk or even a window because the energy in a thrown knife is so much less than a bullet.  Handheld knife attacks in a classroom could be easily defended by multiple people and running is an option too.  Knives are nowhere near as effective as a gun unless you get the hand-held knife very close someone's body.  It's a loosing argument, but gun lovers keep making it.
February 28, 2012 at 6:00 pm | Reply
situationalawareness
sigh.. knives are not the only choice.  Actually, knives are better for close quarters combat than guns.  There are a myriad of ways to kill large numbers of people at once.  Handheld weapons are only one concept.  Humans are weak, it's not hard... the problem is having the desire to do it.  THAT is the problem.
March 1, 2012 at 12:57 pm |
Marcos
there are other effective method beside using knife and you don't even need guns.
1.learned to drive your parent's car (in my city's car crashed record one SUV kill 15 people bystander)
2.Molotov grenade. (ingredients only need unleaded fuel +bottle+handkerchief which are plenty available)
3.Acid vial from the schools chemical lab (favorite weapon of some men in Mid East to destroy their wives' faces)
4.the last one is Gas leaked bomb just need lighter and big wrench find the gas source in the school broke their pipe and light them up (boom)
See no need guns and any fanciful weapon but can cause lot of victim and damage.
I just saying that if people want to kill someone he/she will always find a way to it even without guns.
March 2, 2012 at 11:09 am |
mim
Look at what is on TV and in the movies in this country. GUNS and violence.
Look at how depression is treated – anti-depressants that create as side effects, anger, suicidal tendencies and violent behavior.
These two factors say a lot about why America is on top for violence in and out of schools.
February 28, 2012 at 6:04 pm | Reply
donald S.
there number 1 in school shootings because...............duh america has to be the best at everything. Havnt you heard?
babababababababababbaabbaba bird bird bird is the word!!!
February 28, 2012 at 6:24 pm | Reply
smj
The swiss people all have automatic weapons in their home. The children there are not shooting up the schools. If you own a gun, lock it up. Trigger locks, gun safe, whatever works. Its your gun, and there is some amount of responsibility there. If your child takes your gun and shoots up a school, well how did they get the gun? You cannot help stolen property, but you can control what is yours.
February 28, 2012 at 6:50 pm | Reply
Bruce
Countries with more gun controls have fewer problems with school shootings.   This may not be a popular thing to say , but the truth is the truth.  My father had hunting rifles and I'm not anti guns – however, we as country apparently don't try hard enough to keep them out of the hands of our kids.  The owner of the gun used in this and any other shooting involving juveniles should go on trial with the under age shooter.
February 28, 2012 at 6:52 pm | Reply
YouGuysAreNuts
Most of you are crazy.  Guns are not the problem.  If every honest American carried they would be less crime.  If you look at states that have implemented carry permits, as the number of permits goes up, the crime rate goes down.  More innocent people are killed by carless and drunk drivers then by guns.  I don't see anyone trying to ban alchol or stop giving drivers licenses to idiots.
In America, everyone has the right to go to school no matter how many issues they have or how violent they are.  If we kicked the bads kids out of school we would have less issues.  If our schools focused on education instead of sports we would have less issues.
If it were not for Americans with guns, the whole world would be speaking German.  Guns are not the issue, bad people are the issue.  If it wasn't a gun, it would be a knife, or a stick, or something else.
Those of you from other countries that do not like us Americans, stop taking our money, military support, and stand on your own two feet.  Maybe then we could we could afford more police offers and train out teaching staff better.
February 28, 2012 at 7:08 pm | Reply
YoureIdiot
We don't take your money, you are selling your oil and gas to other countries to make money, you're the one who takes ours. We stand on our feet, we don't use your military, you are on a constant search to which country you will invade next, and then you asked other countries to help supporting you. Wake up. No one needs you but you need help.
February 28, 2012 at 11:25 pm |
simple
All cases so far, children been on medication either ADD or Anti depression. do some research before you speak...
February 28, 2012 at 7:29 pm | Reply
loverspoint
Why is America #1 in school murders? well they are terrible in all basic forms of education compared to the rest of the world, so they strove to reach the goal of being #1 at something, so they chose something they are good at-murder.
February 28, 2012 at 9:44 pm | Reply
James Oreilly
Since we seem to be of opinion that guns are the reason, although having had them in the house and around the house as children and with children, I have never seen seen one get up and threaten anyone. This leads me to belive it sits more in the education and personal accountability area.  If we are signaling out things, more people are killed by cars than guns, fire kills many as well.  We should outlaw matches and automobiles just to be sure.  But why stop there....
February 28, 2012 at 9:44 pm | Reply
Pat
I dunno...could it be that Jesus prefers having guns to revering young human lives?  I mean, if santorum is right (pun) then young people should just be used for target practice since education is a "no-no".  Haven't the catholic priests proved that point over and over?
February 28, 2012 at 9:44 pm | Reply
trauma
we have training issues.  both men and women, but it shows up as a problem earlier for boys.
http://mitworld.mit.edu/video/729
February 28, 2012 at 9:56 pm | Reply
trauma
and we aren't giving kids a language to deal with trauma.
February 28, 2012 at 9:58 pm |
P. O. Carl
Anger, plain and simple.  Everyone is mad about something.  Look how polarized the country is getting.  There is no middle ground anymore.  DC is the best example, or worst, depending on how you look at it.
February 28, 2012 at 10:42 pm | Reply
CADCAM
This has nothing to do with guns.  It has to do with a kid who was bullied and cracked...If it wasn't a gun, it could have been a baseball bat, poison, kitchen knife, etc.
February 28, 2012 at 10:50 pm | Reply
Steph
It shocked me that this article stated the boys that were involved in the Columbine shooting, Dylan and Eric, were NOT bullied. I am hoping (and praying) that this was a huge typo because I know first hand that those boys were tortured day in and day out at the hands of several other students. No bullying will ever exscuse the act of killing, HOWEVER, to dismiss what those two went through, and to say that they just woke up one day hating the world is not only false, but just straight APPALLING! I read CNN news on a daily basis and it disgusts me that such a well known and well accredited journalist news source would post such a thing. Bullying is REAL. And kids around the U.S. are affected daily by the abuse of bullies. It is our lack of understanding and articles like this that truly keep the world of bullying go round.
February 29, 2012 at 12:15 am | Reply
Ann
Metal detectors should be installed at all schools with limited entrances and many exits...like the airports.  Kids are at school to learn and should not have to wonder if the wierd, depressed, emo screamo guy next to him/her is packin'.
But then I'm for school uniforms and school ending at 5pm.  I know kids want to express themselves and all that crap but all it does is give better/cooler dressed kids more ammo to bully or tease.  Plus the purple hair has to go...who can focus on a lecture with a guy wearing a purple mohawk sitting in front of you? Maybe I'm old fashioned or watched too much brady bunch or Ozzy and Harriet...but something needs to give.  We are going backwards as a society...
February 29, 2012 at 2:29 am | Reply
Isures
Of the 10 worst, only 3 were in the U.S., and 3 were in Europe. You gave examples of Russia and Israel but those two incidents were perpetrated by external terrorists, while many of the U.S. incidents were perpetrated by students. This is a significant difference if you're asking why it happens.
February 29, 2012 at 5:15 am | Reply
13Directors
Surely you jest. I mean, anyone with pea sized brain knows that Romney hasn't worked in years. His money works for him. He's living off his investments and stockpiling it under his wife's name and in non-taxable trust funds for his sons, who I might add look to be just about the right age to serve our country.
February 29, 2012 at 9:42 am | Reply
David
"Despite rumors to the contrary, the Columbine killers were not bullied."
-Are you serious? Have you no knowledge whatsoever of the shooting? Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were both bullied that's why they targeted anyone wearing a white hat. Listen to the interviews given by the then-students of Columbine High School and you'll see very clearly that bullying/revenge was the motivating factor.
February 29, 2012 at 9:43 am | Reply
desert voice (troubledgoodangel or Nathanael or Bohdan or Voiceinthedesert)
I agree with David. The whole world had learned after Columbine that those perpetrators were bullied. Bullying is found all over the world. Let's start there. He who says no, is a liar. I was bullied in Communist Poland after World War Two ... by members of the Hitlerjugend admitted to my school after the war ended. I speak from experience.There is ione cause for bullying in peace time (war or prison time is different), and that is: lack of swift exemplary punishment! The authorities in schools have self-castrated! They need to respons not with lectures and seminars on bullying, but with an instant whipping on the bare ass of the bully caught, in front of the entire school! End of the story of bullying! No other remedy is possible in the world because of the fouled human nature. All "other" remedies will be "too little too late"!!
March 1, 2012 at 4:47 am |
c6022
Mitt Romney is a tool.
February 29, 2012 at 10:07 am | Reply
TheMagusNYC
What's this about Mitt Romney working? Did not see any evidence of wages on his tax forms.
Perhaps you are referring to missionary, lobbying, or charitable activities?
February 29, 2012 at 11:15 am | Reply
Mike Murphy
Just another prime example of our famous "Gun-Free Zone".  It happens to be a "Free Gun Zone" for those who choose to take advantage of the law.  Why don't we get our heads out of the sand????? The law-abiding armed citizen is supposed to stand by and let this happen...where are the sheepdogs?  I know where the sheople are...
February 29, 2012 at 1:16 pm | Reply
melvinslizard
Did any of the anti-gun nuts see the story about the 10 year old girl that died after getting into a fist fight with a classmate?  10 years old, 1 punch, 1 bloody nose, and she was dead before the day was thru.  But guns are the problem, right?  Where's your push to ban 10 year old kids?
February 29, 2012 at 3:28 pm | Reply
billy
my son was bullied today a bully got in his face and pushed him, the bully got punched in the stomach by my son. now my son is suspended and the bully gets no punishment cause the teachers didnt see nothing .how long can we make our children run to the teachers when being bullied and nothing be done about it, and when they finally get tired of it they defend there self and get suspended i think fighting back is the only way to prevent a biuld up over time of being bullied and then finally kids loose it and cant take it no more  and lash out in a major way. im glad my son is defending his self cause the teachers arent doing enough. my son had fear of this boy but not anymore
February 29, 2012 at 3:39 pm | Reply
Rob
The answer is easy.  Because the majority of people in this country have no education and mis-interpret the second amendment (including the majority of the supreme farce).  Individuals are NOT a militia for crap's sake.  We still think it's the 1800's wild west.
February 29, 2012 at 4:32 pm | Reply
peter
Anti-gun commenters:  if you had a gun, would you go shoot someone?  Answer should be no, therefore the ownership of guns isn't the issue.  If you didn't care about other people, desperately wanted to rob someone, had no fear of God, etc would you shoot someone?  Probably yes, and so those are the reasons.   But, how to the "non likey to shoot someone" people protect them selves from the other?  I don't know.  Did people go on shooting rampages in the 50's?  How are we changing that this is becoming more common?
February 29, 2012 at 7:50 pm | Reply
Sandy L
These students have mental problems & they need to be addressed before they act out & kill. We need to have guns less available to students.
What's wrong with our education system that we aren't made more aware of our students mental states????
March 1, 2012 at 8:53 am | Reply
DG
What is with Americans and their guns? If your spineless politicians would stand up to the NRA and get some tough gun control laws passed, maybe kids wouldn't be killing each other at school. Also, your 2nd amendment uses the phrase " a well regulated militia" – to me that could be the National Guard. Nowhere does it say that its citizens need semi and full automatic weapons in their hall closets.
March 2, 2012 at 7:11 pm | Reply
Last of the Jedi
Go live in Iran.Hitler took away Germany's guns and look what happend.
March 5, 2012 at 1:16 am |
Havildar
It is simple in the USA groups like the NRA,armed militia's in every State and the Worship of the misguided Second amendment has lead to wholesale slaughter in our Rural, City, streets homes, schools etc. The death toll is higher than in any other Nation on Earth. Yet the "spineless legislators" in the states and congress are afraid to act in a responsible manner when it comes to the wholesale easy availability of firearms on every street corners. Sue the members of Congress and the NRA for the lose of loved ones.
March 3, 2012 at 10:11 am | Reply
cocopuf
We are a product of our environment which teaches kids that if it feels good, do it. Also, we teach our kids that we came from apes as you see so often by National Geographic on TV. What do you expect from kids when we show them all this violence on TV, and even a lot of games.
The moment we have taken our creator out of the equation of life and purpose in our lives in schools, morals and responsibility has gone down the tube.
March 3, 2012 at 10:28 am | Reply
Prettygal
Everyone-send your kids to Catholic school, if you want them to be safe. We are not Catholic, but our child is going to a Catholic school where he is protected. You don't have to be Catholic!  Plus you get a great education.
March 3, 2012 at 5:51 pm | Reply
Bloooper1
Gun are not the first problem. I happens at schools !!!!
Apparently something is wrong in schools. Maybe 'Chrstian' limited scope of vision triggers individuals to feel outcast.
(so will all religion visions do by the way) Should teachers not teach to think and reflect/question youngsters and not tell them what they 'have' to accept ? I don't mean they are capable of seeing (whatever) truth. But shouldn't they as an individual have the right to think about it freely (not unlimited however; respect for the other is essential) ? Wasn't that something we did not like ourselves at the time ?
Today, teachers in Europa are increasingly telling how the world is functionning. First of all the don't know just the alpha of it, seccond they get alle easily from journalists who think Rome ias the capital fo Spain. I am a master-professor and I know that students don(t even know who Mao, Stali, Napoleon or others serials were ..
March 3, 2012 at 8:49 pm | Reply
Ben
The problem with your silly analogy is that both Romney and the "electrical engineer" work harder in one day than ANY of your so-called occupy protestors. And, as someone who works 60 hours a week as he tries to get into the 1%, we are sick of your laziness and paying for your inactivity.
March 4, 2012 at 10:21 am | Reply
COWBOY
I am a firm believer in "TRAINING", the child should be trained not only at school, but also by the responsible parents-this is a MUST.  The child or student must be made of all reprocutions of their actions but also those actions that DON'T require such force and how to impliment them into a situation.
March 4, 2012 at 4:24 pm | Reply
Bocknobby
Many factors responsible, as the article states. But I still believe that too many Americans believe the way to deal with a problem is violence, and the fastest problem-solving option is a firearm. Television and cinema too often promote the notion that, to deal with a problem, bring a weapon. And don't be afraid to use it. Ask questions later.
February 28, 2012 at 7:49 am | Reply
InkMot
@Bocknobby: It's interesting that you perceive that movies and television present guns as "the fastest problem-solving option".  My experience with movie and television storytelling is closer to the opposite.  It seems to me that, whenever a dangerous situation might be quickly ended by the protagonist simply pulling the trigger on the gun in his hand, he chooses not to do so, is prevented from doing so or the weapon is otherwise shown to be ineffective.  The story then proceeds with the antagonist eventually being dispatched by some complex innovation.  It seems to me that movies and television more often attempt to show guns as useless.
February 28, 2012 at 9:25 am | Reply
Drowlord
You don't pay much attention to movies.  While it's true that the primary antagonist in most movies gets away over and over again, there are always plenty of henchmen to sponge up the lead.
February 28, 2012 at 9:39 am |
nerve9
@InkMot  Are you kidding me?  What movies are you watching!?
February 28, 2012 at 9:55 am |
Mark
Nonetheless, it still remains that people do not seem to know how to solve problems without violence AND they have typically resorted to firearms. We can debate this a hundred ways – it's still someone becoming unhinged, for whatever reasons, grabbing a gun, and killing innocent bystanders. Every time, all the time. THAT is the problem
February 28, 2012 at 9:33 am | Reply
Drowlord
"People don't know how to handle problems without violence and they typically resort to using guns?" You are aware of the reality that gun violence is incredibly rare, right?  I live in a suburb of Dallas with 250,000 people, and in a typical year we have 3 murders and 20 assaults in our entire town.  And Dallas is a pretty gun-happy place.  You're utterly delusional if you believe the USA is a place where people resort to violence to deal with problems, and typically use a gun, shooting bystanders every time.
February 28, 2012 at 9:51 am |
nerve9
@drowlord  You need to get out more.  Gun violence in this country is something like 100x higher than in most other first world countries.  Just because your neighborhood doesn't have a lot of gun violence doesn't mean other areas don't.  I live in a major city and we have shooting DAILY.
February 28, 2012 at 10:58 am |
Ben
I rent duplexes to college-aged kids. They don't pay rent, lie, destroy property and then, when called on the carpet and given the slightest consequence, redouble their destruction of property. The guns/shootings are merely a symptom. The problem is how these children and their parents were raised by the baby boomers.
March 4, 2012 at 10:25 am |
Sarah
I agree completely.  And, we have waaaaayyyy too many guns in this country.
February 28, 2012 at 10:32 am | Reply
captain!
Jean Luc Picard for President! Diplomacy and teamwork win the day, not violence. It helps to have phasers and photon torpedoes if needed, however.
February 28, 2012 at 12:16 pm | Reply
boink
so according to you only americans watch movies..... do u think about things sentence by sentence as u write them?
February 28, 2012 at 2:41 pm | Reply
mim
February 28, 2012 at 6:04 pm | Reply
Lamb
Our government frequently and openly advocates the use of force in conflict resolution.  When kids see that the politicians they admire have no trouble justifying the use of force on someone they dislike, they take note.
February 28, 2012 at 8:41 am | Reply
smartaz
Kids don't admire politicians.  Most kids can tell you who the President is, but I doubt many can tell you who their own state representatives are.
February 28, 2012 at 9:36 am | Reply
RustyWheels
I don't think anyone admires any politician. But  you're right about one thing. We have a lot of war mongers in the Republican party in Washington that want to bomb or invade every nation under the sun.
February 28, 2012 at 9:42 am | Reply
Russell
indeed, obama bombing libya, drone killing kids in pakistan, and now wanting to invade syria. God bless the peaceful obomber
March 1, 2012 at 1:49 pm |
ardeerd
Guns – The United States of America has a massive problem with guns. Violent crime in the USA is greater than that of almost the entire civilzed world.  ALL other civilized nations on planet earth are completely puzzled by this love of guns in the USA.
A politician CANNOT get elected in the USA by advocating gun control. Until Americans step up and admit this bizarre RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS rules their country, expect more of the same.
February 28, 2012 at 9:48 am | Reply
ForGoodOfAll
Sad but true, ardeerd! Violent school shootings and attacks on innocent citizens continue to threaten society. Gun shows that sell guns and ammo are everywhere, about as popular as flea markets these days. My family does not own guns, but I do not condemn those families that do own guns and keep them properly locked up. I blame the ignorant people that do not responsibly lock up their guns and ammo to keep the weapons out of the hands of children and the mentally incapacitated. I also blame government for being too lax in selling guns to people of questionable sanity and morals. More in-depth background checks requiring longer wait periods to receive firearms must be enforced. I know how riled up pro-gun people get about stricter gun control, but as a parent with kids in school, I worry about some bullied, neurotic & fed-up kid storming into my children's school with a loaded firearm because he/she wants retaliation.
February 28, 2012 at 10:44 am |
boink
however fox news has no rating on it. so when a sponge minded kid sits in front of fox news and every 5 minutes gets drilled into their head that everyone against them is a nazi etc etc etc they leave the room thinking of ice cream and lollipops
February 28, 2012 at 2:45 pm | Reply
Fair Taxes
Maybe America is No. 1 in School Shootings because America is No. 1 in allowing people to own and carry guns?  Duh?
Clearly, this idea that guns make us safer is not working for school children.
February 28, 2012 at 9:10 am | Reply
IggyC
February 28, 2012 at 9:23 am | Reply
Don
Please let us know which facts are wrong. It does appear that there is a connection between our gun culture and the use of guns in shootings, especially if you compare this to our neighbor to the north, Canada, where guns are much harder to obtain and shootings are much more rare.
February 28, 2012 at 9:36 am |
tlinda
February 28, 2012 at 9:52 am | Reply
tlinda
We feel safer here in Canada BECAUSE of the fact that there are less guns
February 28, 2012 at 9:54 am |
Tom
Ahh, I do find logic refreshing in the morning.
It's hard to disagree with sound reasoning. However, some of our more dense will succeed in finding a way.
February 28, 2012 at 10:26 am |
Nom Deguerre
As a law abiding citizen, I prefer to armed.. the fundamental issue that get left out by the anti-gun people is that criminals don’t obey the law. Only a fool would believe that “banning guns” would do anything other than disarm those who obey the law.
February 28, 2012 at 9:55 am | Reply
The REAL Truth...
Lot of "fools" around then!
February 28, 2012 at 10:00 am |
Diane
TIme to face reality, Nom. It's not like the criminals in other countries are wandering around killing with knives, poisons, golf clubs, or whatever. There are more deaths here because it's EASY to kill with guns, And though you may argue for arming for self defense, NO ONE needs an assault rifle to defend themselves, that's a false argument in the face of what Americans are armed with.
February 28, 2012 at 10:48 am |
Rob
Diane, google "UK knife attack stats" and educate yourself.
February 28, 2012 at 1:07 pm |
Mark
Forget the tried dogma-
Children can not own and carry guns legally. The fact that some children have access to guns is undisputed as is some of these same children, for whatever reason, decide to act upon whatever's in their heads. Without both parts of this coming together there would be no school  shootings. Children's access must be better controlled, especially those with problems-
Of course that is tough with parents today that do not pay attention to their kids, with their work or friends.
February 28, 2012 at 10:26 am | Reply
ForGoodOfAll
February 28, 2012 at 10:47 am | Reply
Turn the Other...
Just like the war on drugs has curbed drug addiction in the US.
February 28, 2012 at 10:52 am | Reply
Julie
Guns do make people safer, if used correctly.  Having a gun for protection puts you on the same playing field as the criminals and oppressors that will have guns no mater what the laws say.  The whole idea of having guns isn't to use it for violence but for the protection of peace.  The more people who have and are educated in gun safety, the safer this country is.
Now for the argument that criminals won't have guns if there are more gun laws, is silly.  For example, this child was breaking multiple gun laws bringing this gun to a school and he was breaking even more law shooting the gun.  Obviously gun laws did not deter this child from attaining and using a gun illegally, so why would it deter anyone else with similar motives?
February 28, 2012 at 2:17 pm | Reply
Earnan M
Please name a single state in the US where grade school or high school students are allowed to carry guns in public, carry guns to school, or even just obtain guns?
None such exists, of course, but don't let reality and factrs get in the way of your hysterial gun-phobic temper tantrum.
February 29, 2012 at 9:55 am | Reply
A.A
February 28, 2012 at 9:11 am | Reply
Emmy Skaddittle
then the principal would have been the one shot, that is not the answer.  the kids need counselling
February 28, 2012 at 9:36 am | Reply
Alfao
You are so right. American kids are the parents at home. The so-called children right, privacy etc.
February 28, 2012 at 9:40 am | Reply
boink
corporal punishment never left that is why we are an evil doer country also...... point fingers at other countries so they cant point at us
February 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | Reply
Dan
The VT killer was 23, well within the age of owning a gun legally. Kind of wrong to say if kids couldnt get a gun there wouldnt have been the VT massacre.
February 28, 2012 at 9:13 am | Reply
Victor E. Maffei
NRA is giving this young man a badge of honor. Will probably defend his right to bear arms in defense of liberty.
February 28, 2012 at 9:17 am | Reply
IggyC
Victor, wrong again. Please stick to facts instead of spewing rhetoric.
February 28, 2012 at 9:24 am |
texpatroit
You should go back to your caveman country. Such a stupid reply.
February 28, 2012 at 9:34 am |
Luke
Victor, your NRA must be different from my NRA.  My NRA is the National Rifle Association, they promote law abiding citizens lawfully owning firearms. Seventeen year olds do not legally own handguns. Nor is it legal to go shoot a bunch of kids in a school. What your NRA is, to me, is a mystery.
February 28, 2012 at 10:56 am |
Earnan M
Victor is a lying piece of crap, like so many of the anti-gun nuts who blame law-abiding gun owners for the acts of criminals.
The NRA would prefer to see laws that allow adults-professors, teachers, staff and students like the tens of thousands of military veterans in university on the GI Bill-to carry guns for the defense of themselves and others.
The NRA recognizes the plain simple fact that gun control laws have never kept criminals from obtaining guns.
Campus gun bans have only resulted in campuses free of anyone who can fight back against a murderer.
That's what Victor actually wants: more unarmed victims.
February 29, 2012 at 10:02 am |
Chuck Anziulewicz
Why is the U.S. lead the world in school shootings?
Two words: AMERICAN EXCEPTIONALISM.
February 28, 2012 at 9:13 am | Reply
probity
it occurs to me that you are the one looking down your nose at Americans, not the other way around.
February 28, 2012 at 9:29 am | Reply
Frank
WE'RE #1 !!!!    WE'RE #1 !!!!!    WE'RE #1 !!!!!  ........
February 28, 2012 at 9:14 am | Reply
fuzzboxx
February 28, 2012 at 9:17 am | Reply
markishere
February 28, 2012 at 12:24 pm | Reply
Jim
I am really curoius about how the NRA will respond.
Why is America No. 1 in school shootings, NRA?  Because there aren't enough guns in schools?
They will probably say, only criminals use guns irresponsibly, and once an NRA member does something criminal, he's not an NRA reprentative anymore.  Thus it's never their problem.
February 28, 2012 at 9:15 am | Reply
Dan
I am not much of a gun activist but what you are saying is that if all guns were banned there would no longer be gun crimes? Criminals wouldnt gain access to these weapons? Dream on dude
February 28, 2012 at 9:16 am | Reply
Shane
Well...I doubt there would be more gun crimes, and that's a start...
February 28, 2012 at 9:25 am |
Diane
By this logic, countries with banned guns would have just as many gun deaths, since the "criminals" would still get guns. Doesn't happen, though, does it?
February 28, 2012 at 10:50 am |
Rich7553
@Diane: Personal ownership of firearms is virtually illegal in Mexico, yet their gun homicide rate is twice that of the United States. There are an esitmated 80 million homes and 300 million firearms in the United States. However, there are only an estimated 30,000 gun deaths in the US per year (CDC). Of those, about 18,000 are suicides, 10,000 are murders, and 2,000 are accidental. Of the 10,000 murders, over 85% are committed by persons already having a felony conviction. In fact, firearms deaths are no longer in the CDC's top 15 causes of death. Since about 1990, over half of the states have implemented "shall-issue" concealed carry, yet gun deaths and violent crime have decreased significantly since that time and are now at their lowest level since the mid-1960s (FBI).
February 28, 2012 at 12:43 pm |
Jim
Dan, this whole "criminals will get guns" is a bogus argument.
America limits who can buy and use explosives, yet criminals don't go around blowing things up because they can get explosives.
Moreover, just because we can't or won't ban guns, doesn't mean America need to make it so easy for criminals and children to get guns.  Background checks aren't even required at gun shows.  How does that make any sense?
February 28, 2012 at 9:23 am | Reply
InkMot
@Jim: Background checks are absolutely required at gun shows – just as they are required at gun shops.  One completes the same form and waits the same amount of time while the licensed dealer calls in the background check.
February 28, 2012 at 9:31 am |
Emmy Skaddittle
criminals get guns by stealing them from morons that shouldn't have them in the first place
February 28, 2012 at 9:37 am |
texpatroit
You might want to get your facts together before running your jaw. Background checks are required. Now if you want to be free of guns, move to Russia, Iran, or any other country but leave.
February 28, 2012 at 9:38 am |
DoggSho
Wrong, criminals (or say I terrorist) have always obtained both legal and illegal explosives through thievery, over the counter, compromised and or corrupted officials; thus, it's the immoral character and or the root of the problem(s) that needs to be held in check, because if not then when you strip all guns away, those same maligned characters will resort to using vehicles, bats, knives, acids, and or simply their bare hands. To disarm the law abiding citizens -on the inverse, is to pro-arm criminals who are gonna obtain firearms illegally anyway.
February 28, 2012 at 10:15 am |
Rich7553
@Emmy: So your solution to the rampant car theft problem is to outlaw cars and punish those who get their cars stolen instead of punishing those who do the stealing?
February 28, 2012 at 12:46 pm |
Chris
Yes. Like religious people do... "he did this horrible thing but he is not really part of our group".
February 28, 2012 at 9:28 am | Reply
chris2
ah... its nice to finaly find an atheist who claims Hilter, Stalin, Lenin, Pol Pot, Castro, Ho Chi Minh, Nehru, Mobutu  and Honecker as their own.
February 28, 2012 at 1:52 pm |
Jeremy
In Ohio it is illegal to let a child have access to a gun without adult supervision.  When the shooter showed up at school with a gun, an adult had already violated the law. The sad reality is that too few children understand the deadly power and force of firearms.  Even in the interviews, the other children reported hearing "fireworks". How are our children ever going to respect firearms and the tragedy that they can cause if they are never taught gun safety? Luckily we have the right to defend ourselves in this country with personally owned firearms. Regardless or whether you like that right or not, it is everyone's responsibility to prevent children from misusing guns, cars, alcohol, or any of the other "adult" things that have a lawful place in our society.
February 28, 2012 at 9:40 am | Reply
lesawithane
JEREMY!!!!
TOTALLY AGREE WITH YOUR WHOLE STATEMENT!  See this is smart people.  I grew up with guns, my father taught me to duck hunt.  Im now a 30 something professional, dont use guns any longer, but believe that children SHOULD learn about gun violence that could happen in school.  I keep hearing kids say " thought it was fireworks" .  I know this school had a great system put in place which probably saved lives.  My sons school does the same-but they didnt really learn the gun part.  I think it should be added...at this point we cannot guarantee someone will not bring a gun to school-but at least our children will be even more ready if someone does.  So sad...
February 28, 2012 at 10:30 am |
Conrad
well in this country we are being bullied everywhere
school,work,social life etc etc
you add that a mentality base on violence and lack of respect of human life
and you have your answer to why school shooting happen ..!!
February 28, 2012 at 9:18 am | Reply
MrsFizzy
And then consider that the rest of the world sees OUR country as a big bully...
February 28, 2012 at 7:01 pm | Reply
Frank
Jim, would it make you feel better if the kid brought a knife to school and stabbed the others?
February 28, 2012 at 9:18 am | Reply
Jim
Frank, with a knife the victims could have at least run away or defended themself.
Moreover, how many drive by stabbings have you heard about in the news lately?  Or how about the kid in Florida killed by someone firing into the air?  How many knives travel 1000s of feet and fall on unsuspecting victims in their back yard?
February 28, 2012 at 9:26 am | Reply
Bob A.
Frank – Jim is right. It's a lot harder psychologically – and more dangerous personally – to plunge a knife in and see the blood from arm's length than to point a gun at a body far away.
February 28, 2012 at 9:31 am |
Frank
More people die in car accidents.  Should we close the highways and outlaw cars?
Would it make you feel better if the kids were stabbed?  So, they had a chance to defend themselves before dying from a stab wound?  Would that make it better?  Seriously?
February 28, 2012 at 9:34 am |
The REAL Truth...
@Frank – some ole, same ole 2A speel..  IF the kid had had a knife, I guarantee you there would NOT be 2 DEAD 17-yrs old at that school right now. The perp would have been jumped and disarmed. Many knife wounds are not life threatening – even when someone IS jumped by surprise. But in a school cafeteria, your going to see someone coming at you with a knife, and avoid it. With a gun.. .you are seeing the end result. No guns – the schools wouldn't need lock down policies and preparation would they. Your ill-formed logic as to the the "right to bear arms" is continually being spouted by the pro-gun lobby. I have no issues with guns. Used 'em. Have 'em.  Hand guns sole purpose is to KILL. They should be banned or strictly controlled. And pls... don't retort with the "criminals will always have them" response. I'ts immature and asinine. Sure they will, but it's supply and demand. Cut the supply and the demand will go up. Kill the supply and they'll not have access to them.
February 28, 2012 at 10:44 am |
Rich7553
@The REAL Truth...: You say this because prohibition worked so well in the 20s and 30s and because the "War on Drugs" is working so well today? The government spent a ton of money on both of these prohibitions and one could still get what they wanted with little trouble. All prohibitions do is set up a black market.
February 28, 2012 at 12:53 pm |
concerned
@Frank – That argument doesn't hold water, the intended purpose of a car is not to kill people.  We should make safer cars and highways so that less people die in accidents.  On the other hand, there's not much reason for guns to exist other than to kill things.  Making a gun safer would render it useless.
February 28, 2012 at 1:08 pm |
Shane
it probably would not have happened that way. It was a concern of the founding fathers, that guns made it too easy to kill people. In their minds a knife/sword requires skill and then a closeness that makes it harder for someone to kill, to get their hands "dirty." They were probably right, so my guess is a knife would not have had the same consequences.
February 28, 2012 at 9:30 am | Reply
Frank
That's a nice "guess", but a wrong one.
You guys make it seem like killing others was invented at the same time as firearms.  People have been donig it for as long as there have been people, and they never worried about getting their hands "dirty".
February 28, 2012 at 9:44 am |
The REAL Truth...
Uh no!!  ...
The concern of the founding fathers was to protect the newly for state independence. The 2A states "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."
It unfortunate the the pro-gun lobby hones in on the latter part of the amendment. There's nothing wrong with guns, but the "right" was to be able to quickly form a militia ("reserves") to defend life, limb, property and independence 200 yrs ago. That need for the "security of a free state" no longer exists in today's world. We have the military and the reserves to do that now.
February 28, 2012 at 10:50 am |
Rich7553
@The REAL Truth...: The Supreme Court disagrees.
February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm |
The REAL Truth...
@rich7553 – "The Supreme Court disagrees."
you are correct, but that doesn't make it the right decision – they are known for rulings with unintended consequences such as the SuperPAC's and Corporations.
And back to your earlier response to an earlier comment of mine about gun control.. I NEVER said "prohibition". I said CONTROL. I'm not talking about Uncle Sam showing up at ur door and demand your guns. Prohibition does not work. That's stupid/crazy and will never happen. I'm talking about strict HAND GUN control. NOT about taking away all guns.
In all seriousness.. .have you ever been deer or hog hunting with a handgun?  You might, but it's rare.
February 28, 2012 at 5:39 pm |
Rich7553
@The REAL Truth...: Nope, never been hunting with a handgun. Mine serves two purposes only. Self defense and sport shooting. What exactly is "real hangun control"? 30,000 laws aren't enough? Attempting to legislate criminal behavior is doomed to failure. It has never worked, it can never work. At some point, everyone will be a criminal for one reason or another and personal liberty will cease to exist. A handgun is the most efficient, effective means of protecting one's life in case of a violent attack. Instead of handgun control, you should be advocating criminal control. Why is it that over 85% of murders are committed by felons? Why are they out on the streets?
February 28, 2012 at 6:03 pm |
Leigh
I really think a huge part of the problem is our lack of empathy. We are a selfish society – look out for number one. Read the responses to articles right here on CNN – people are cruel, blame victims, think boys who are bulled are "sissies" and make jokes about violence. We are removed from reality – desensitized to the pain of others. So many teens simply can't put themselves in another's position – can't comprehend that many lives are connected and that an act of violence has a ripple effect. Why is this the case? Maybe it is the violent video games, the movies and reality tv, broken homes and kids spending their childhoods in daycare. Maybe it's praising a kid for every little thing and building them up as superstars when they really are just like all others. All I know is that so many kids today lack respect for others and it comes at a cost.
February 28, 2012 at 9:18 am | Reply
Stacey
Well said. You can treat the symptoms all you want, but if you don't treat the underlying problem, it won't go away and can get worse. As a mental health therapist that works largely in schools, I see the problem of our society's individualistic mindset get played out in full force. Despite the growing anti-bullying programs across the country, which is great, bullying still gets ignored time and time again in many schools, not just by fellow students who don't take it seriously because it's not happening to them, but by many teachers and school officials who have 'bigger problems" than a couple of kids who are calling someone names, afterall they are "just being kids". The teachers feel that they can't take their focus away from the tests they have to teach to, they can't take time out of the day to address bullying or provide a lesson on empathy and compassion to their students. That's not in the lesson plan. The students who come to me often tell me that their parents or their teachers just tell them to "ignore it" but of course that doesn't work. No one has been there to listen to them and by the time they get to me, which is hopefully sooner rather than later, all I can hope is that the ear I provide, the empathy I use, and the validation I give them is enough.
February 28, 2012 at 9:39 am | Reply
Robert Mitchell
Regarding being bullied, teased etc., I myself had been there done that being in school in the 70's and 80's being told to ignore it business, but didn't help one bit. In High School someone almost ran me down with a motorcycle, of which my dad dragged the boy off the bike and into the Deans Office. Putting thumb tacks on my chair in one class, stealing things out of my gym locker or moving them to another in the locker room. In my case it was me being shorter then others as if I am inferior and also was not the aggressive type.  I never was beaten up and am lucky there. In Elementary School from 4th to 7 grade I went to a privet school and was a lot stricter then public schools and had very little problems there. I agree we have problem with guns in this country. In European Countries such as Germany, owners are required to lockup their guns and children don't have as easy access to them. Nobody in our family owns guns but knew friends that owned guns.
February 28, 2012 at 11:38 am |
lesawithane
Leigh-
yes you are so right.  We are a selfish society to the core.  The moral compass is leaving our children so fast.  Im a 30 something mother boys and girls.  I have tried so hard to instill good moral compasses in all of them-while trying to balance the reality of violence.  I do NOT pull the wool over their eyes-but keep them focused.  Its hard to balance...but you have to let them know that even though you are polite and respectuful-that not everyone is.  My kid is popular, gets good grades, and was still mugged on the street by a thug while he was headed home.  The kid who came up to him reached out to shake my sons hand and then punched him in the face, told him to empty his pockets and that if he didnt-he was going to shoot him.  It was a horrible lesson-but one that knocked him into reality.  I hated that but thankfully my kid still stands tall and knows now that he too can defend himself and be proud of who he is.  Life is much more tough for our kids now...this never would have happened when I was a kid
February 28, 2012 at 10:41 am | Reply
Peggy
Leigh,
Leigh, Absolutely fantastic post,
I totally agree with all you have said. We seem to have forgotten the art of human kindness and think it acceptable to trample on the weak and to take out the opponent, without consideration of human and other costs. The way we do politics is a prime example.
February 28, 2012 at 12:39 pm | Reply
trauma
they need to teach kids a language to talk about trauma so they can explain what is happening to them.  its just flat out missing.
February 28, 2012 at 8:16 pm | Reply
trauma
they need to understand intrusive thoughts.  what to do when they are getting pounded with intrusive thoughts.  how to get help (they tend to disregard in some cases because they don't see themselves as the problem...in the case of rapists for example.  they don't see how going to the therapist is going to help.  it does, but they aren't that far along yet.  and quite frankly neither are some therapists).  we need to build a language so they recognize what they are doing...when they start avoiding.  when they notice that they have anger.   follow that back to the original abuse/r.  when they can't resolve that...they tend to bring that forward to anything that triggers thoughts of the original abuse/r.  They need a language to even recognize in their own selves...so they can self report.
February 28, 2012 at 8:21 pm |
trauma
they need to be able to recognize and redirect if they are avoiding (school, friends, work, places, etc) so they don't lose their educational life.  THESE YEARS DO MATTER.  its very expensive to make this time up if you have to pay for it in college (i know, i've been there).  don't lose your path right here.  it starts very subtle.  you don't even realize you are doing it.  it seems safe to you.  and its hard to convince your brain that [going back to school for example] is safe.  and your brain is pretty smart.  it will protect you.  but after years of this...you will realize you lost too much.  that's what i'm worried about.  Do everything in your power to stay on your educational paths right here.  Try to get every question answered.  That's the only way you are going to be able to file this stuff safely in the past where it belongs and not drag it forward to everything in life.  If you have questions...ask them now.  (This is going to be a lifetime pivot point.)  Trauma is a bear.  It can show up years later.  Your best defense to protect yourself is to get answers to your questions.
February 28, 2012 at 8:29 pm |
Toshi
Leigh,
i agree with your post, and then some. Our political leaders for the most part are not great role models for trying to get along with each other, divorce rates are through the roof, religions are intolerant of each other.  What are kids to think. Most parents are working and have a tough time making quality time for their kids. Many parents do not want to think or acknowledge that their child may have an emotional or mental health issue. Its a hard pill to swallow. they often get defensive when it is suggested that their child may have an emotional or mental health problem. And yet these problems don't just pop up overnight. the problems have likely been brewing for many months or years. I work with these types of kids every day as a part of my job and often these kids have poor social skills and lack of empathy. They do not problem solve well, and they are impulsive. It is really hard to change this type of thinking unless they want to change it and there is parental support, often one of the two is lacking.
I do not feel that the primary problem is guns, that is just a means to an end for the troubled human. The main problem is lack of adequate mental health support in the schools. Which is often a result of diminishing budgets for public schools.
February 28, 2012 at 9:53 pm | Reply
Isaac
This never would have happened if America didn't infringe the victim's 2nd Amendment Rights and let every child in this school carry a loaded AK-47.  (sarcasm)
February 28, 2012 at 9:19 am | Reply
hahahaha
Here is the Problem, Just look at it, all the kids who are doing the shooting in the SCHOOLs are those young white KIDS.
So what are their parents teaching them at home, or not teaching them at home.  But o no I forgot Its in there genes, they came form Spain, Germany, France and ENGLAND, killing, Taking, Stilling and just plane doing EVEL,, So why are we all shocked today that something like this can happen again.!!!.
February 28, 2012 at 9:22 am | Reply
Chris
Yes, it is in their genes. This is why there are more school shootings in the US than Europe. It is because Europeans do not have European genes like those white Americans do... oh wait...
February 28, 2012 at 9:31 am | Reply
Shane
"stilling and just plane doing evel"? Seriously... did you come out of an Austin Powers movie?
February 28, 2012 at 9:34 am | Reply
Peggy
I believe that while some groups have community and extended family support, white kids live in more individual,isolated settings requiring everyone to toughen up and fend for his/herself, which creates undue pressure.
February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | Reply
Rosslaw
We'd all be safer if all students 9th grade and above carried Glocks at school.  Common sense.
February 28, 2012 at 9:22 am | Reply
Ausin
Cannot wait for these idiots to bring the "Violent video games" argument to this.
February 28, 2012 at 9:23 am | Reply
Emmy Skaddittle
That doom games is too violent and teaches kids to kill
February 28, 2012 at 9:39 am | Reply
David
Doesn't anyone think that maybe the media is a factor? Kids see the violence everyday on tv. They get mad someone and come up with this great copy cat idea. Just look at the headlines on this website. 90% of it is negative.
February 28, 2012 at 9:24 am | Reply
jerrycc
I keep hearing it is Bush's fault.
February 28, 2012 at 9:24 am | Reply
rebiii
We live in a society that glorifies violence as a way to solve problems, and there are a lot of guns available.
I know from living south of the border that the countries that have the most problems with violence have armed populations. Often these are places like Guatemala which just went through civil wars where everybody ended up with a gun afterwards. Our own civil war may have played a role in arming our population.
And we justify violence with war and the death penalty. The message is clear. It is acceptable to kill to solve problems, if you think you have a good reason. From there it is a short leap for kids to start making up their own reasons.
I think the Bible is pretty clear on this. "Thou shalt not kill". But this is America. We kill people all over the world, and here in our own country, all the time. Are we really that surprised that these kids are doing this? It is what they have seen other people doing their whole lives.
February 28, 2012 at 9:25 am | Reply
Bill
