By: Jeri Murray on 9 January 2009
at 11:50 AM
Simon is 100% correct there!
There are two differents types of english people so theres no need for people to base opinions and use stereotypes because no two people are the same in any country and like other people have said here it’s mostly down to opinion and generalisations. I Personally have no problem with the French, Irish or any other “UK” country. Infact i love them a lot more than England the scum to tend to ruin this country and its already haggarded reputation. The French have amazing culture and so do most other countries =].
By: Joe on 25 April 2009
at 12:54 AM
I know France & the people very well & we are more alike than they would like to admit. Any comment about ‘The French’ or ‘The English’ will be a generalisation & there is good & bad in both, but Christ, they are difficult to make friends with.
It’s interesting that French people believe us to be arrogant, because having travelled widely, I think we are the most insecure people on the planet. The epitome of arrogance to me is the Gallic shrug, which generally means fuck off & go home you English fucking weasel.
By: Ian on 4 June 2009
at 12:49 PM
1 reason why we like the French:
They are so impossible to like, that it make us laugh! XD
By: Tom on 12 June 2009
at 8:51 AM
say what you like but most hatred is caused because people are too similar. Think about it… Catholics hate the Christians because of a slight ‘tweak’ in the way the christians changed the catholic religion. and the English hate the French because the French are arrogant… just like us. although i’m sure there are more reasons, i can’t be bothered to think
By: me on 17 June 2009
at 5:05 PM
Erm…Catholics hate Christians? What are Catholics then?
By: Ian on 18 June 2009
at 1:03 PM
Quick return to your reformation history books might be in order.
By: Ian on 18 June 2009
at 1:04 PM
Does anyone else commenting not think that to generalize a whole nation of people in such a way is somewhat ignorant? And to claim a whole people as arrogant whilst in the same message imply you have more worth is what I would define as hypocritical. Not only are many  of the messages above racist they show that it is not only England that is inhabited by a large number of idiots. Maybe you should ask what reason you personally have to hate a nation of people. Do any of you think of yourselves as civilized? The article is meant to be taken as a joke, I can’t sat the same for a lot of the comments above. It’s rather sad that people on this day and age think in that way.
By: Alanringer on 26 June 2009
at 1:08 AM
I heard someone say the English have no culture? lol
By: English Guy on 16 July 2009
at 2:06 AM
the french hate the english because they cant stand the fact that it was the english, scottish, welsh etc that saved their country on 2 occasions in the last 100 years. it makes them uncomfortable and bitter. and before you suggest it. I AM NOT ENGLISH.
By: peter on 10 September 2009
at 2:18 AM
Hi Guys or Bonjour! As far as i know french are held a bit highly in my school. Why do we learn to speak french if most of are gonna go 2 somewhere like spain , or switzerland. There are a few reasons why the french and english hate eachother.One of the reasons is because in world war II. The french had a good fleet and they amde a deal with the english and said ‘if we call for aid you can help us.’, and Vice Versa. But When the English called for aid, The French ignored us because they where fighting the germans. And the english thought they were a threate becasue if the germans destroyed the french army they might take there shhips (a problem to the english), so they got aid from the americans to hlep them bomb the french ships , and that is why the the french hate us for killing their people.
It’s a shame that the french hate us and we hate them back. But I think that the french are pritty cool they just need 2 learn a few lessons like we do , and if the english can’t befriend the french , or vice versa then i think both countrys are in danger.
By: Benjaman on 13 September 2009
at 6:41 PM
If it wasnt for the English the French would be speaking German right now.  It is just increadible how the French have forgotten what the sons and daughters of England sacrificed for France in the war.  The french are proving themselves to be backstabbing, ungreatful, cowards who surrender in battle.  The world speaks English and Great Britain has contributed to far more progress in this world than France could even hope to have.  This is why the French hate the English.
By: Tony on 19 October 2009
at 10:03 PM
And Benjaman, who do you think you are fooling,  you are not Engliish, you are French because that is not the english way to spell the name benjamin.  You have spelled it Benjaman.  That is why your comment is so pro French.  Honestly you French are so manipulative and sneeky.  You are an embarrasment to your country.
By: Tony on 19 October 2009
at 10:10 PM
Let’s face it we all know that the French are a bunch of frog eating surrender monkeys. They have an inferiority complex towards the English because we have done everything better. The French are bullies and only pick fights with weaker people, but the first they are threatened by a stronger force they surrender then plead with the big boys for help….. WW1 & WW2 ??? Then after all that they have the cheek to moan!!! I am glad I was not born French; I wouldn’t be able to look at myself… Hang on maybe I would!!!! Because if I was French I would be two faced.
By: Keith on 22 October 2009
at 1:25 PM
I’ve spent loads of time in Berlin and have found the french really nice, and i really love gouda and edam.
The french do make nice cheese.
as for history, if it was’nt for french then the chinese would have bombed pearl harbour and that would have bought Lichenstein into world war one, so thank god the french helped us.
The next time I’m in France i’m going to see Red square and the Trevi mountain and eat some saurkraut whilst wearing my clogs!!!
By: Neil on 6 November 2009
at 7:34 PM
I’m french and it’s true The French people Hate English People And i’ts because of you
You’re purposes are nasty .
You are everybody than dolores ombrage in Harry potter it is that the ‘ french people ‘ think about you
By: Manon on 12 November 2009
at 1:51 PM
THE FRENCH ARE TWO FACED, BACK STABBING COWARDS!!
By: Neil on 15 November 2009
at 9:23 AM
By: Neil on 15 November 2009
at 9:23 AM
By: Neil on 15 November 2009
at 9:24 AM
i recently went to paris with my girlfriend BAD MISTAKE !!! what a shit hole full ofarrogant skinny faced green teeth fucking french twats!!
By: leon palomba on 15 November 2009
at 9:10 PM
To be fair Paris is a nice place full of historical buildings but fuck me how  horrible are the french!! one miserable race that i would never go there again they are so rude its unbelieveable .
If your english give it a miss
By: leon on 15 November 2009
at 9:16 PM
Je serais sûrement la première ici à parler en français, et si vous ne comprenez pas, allez donc chercher un traducteur. Vous êtes pour la plupart tellement pitoyable à vous basez sur des préjugés. Et comme dit l’autre sous-merde de  Leon \o/, une “horrible misérable”, non il n’y a pas de race plus horrible qu’une autre. Et je ne comprendrais jamais comment pouvoir avoir un Q.I aussi bas. Faire des généralités, c’est tellement pathétique. Je ne déteste pas les anglais, moi-même étant française, mais à vous lire certains point m’y pousserais. Allez donc vous acheter une personnalité au lieu de calquer la votre sur l’avis des premières personnes qui critiquent les français ou les anglais, bande de pâles copies que vous êtes. Ce ne sont que des aprioris non basés et/ou justifiés qui prouvent le manque de culture des uns et des autres. Apprenez à forger vos avis par vous-même.
Traduisez vous-même. Je ne me donnerais pas la peine d’écrire en anglais.
By: Eden. on 22 November 2009
at 8:23 PM
I am mostly english and scottish and I have to
agree about the french are rude. Also to say all english people are ugly is a flat out lie. I believe Kate Beckinsale was just named sexiest woman alive. Let’s see there is Elizabeth Hurley, Kate Moss, David Beckham, Kiera knightley (who is also english and scottish) just to name a few. By the way I was born with such nice teeth I have had people ask me if I wore braces because they are just too perfect. I am also 5′6 and only 115 lbs. Definately not fat. Never have been my whole life. And for all the Irish who hate the English. The most gorgeous man who I have ever seen had a english mom and a Irish dad. He looked just like micheal flatley only better. Would the scots and Irish rather have a neighbour like the Iranians or saudi’s who are very barbaric and uncivilized to say the least and hate freedom of any kind, including equality for woman. The english stand for freedom, woman’s rights and are a country based on christian values. Be careful what you wish for.
By: crystal on 27 November 2009
at 9:27 PM
HOLA,SOY LATINO,,CONOSCO EUROPA,PERO ME SORPRENDE EL GRADO DE XENOFOBIA,Q EXISTE,,SON GENTE TOTALMENTE EMFERMA !RARA,Y DEFINITIVAMNETE RACISTA, ALOS FRANCECES LES DIGO IGNOREN A ESA GENTE,,ESTA MENTALMENTE EMFERMA,,SON MALDITOS,,TIENEN TANTO MIEDO,,SON TAN INSEGUROS DE SI MISMOS.,QUE ODIAN ALOS DEMAS,BUSCAN JODER A OTROS PARA NO MOSTRAR EL TERROR QUE TIENEN,,TEMEN A LO Q ES MEJOR QUE ELLOS,POR SU BAJA AUTOESTIMA,POR ESO ESTAN ALA DEFENSIVA,,POBRE GENTE,,DA LASTIMA.,ES LA ENCARNACION DE LA PEOR” NATURALEZA HUMANA”,PERO ES ASI,,PERO HAY QUE SER RESPETUOSOS,,Y CAUTOS,,INTELIGENTE,,IGNORENLOS,,Y BUSQUEN SU GRANDEZA,,AA VIVA EL BARCELONA,,!!!TITI HENRYY,,Y,MESSI ,,!!!
By: DIEGO on 29 November 2009
at 5:53 AM
Eden, having read and translated your comment because I’m not an ignorant English guy who doesn’t understand a bit of French I can somewhat agree and disagree to an extent.
It was his experience so it isn’t totally ridiculous or pathetic for him to refer to is as horrible.
The French got rid of their royalty, got rid of their currency for the Euro, they are terrible with warfare and resent the fact English is a global lingua franca.
The English have kept their royalty, kept their currency, kept their identity and the French are resentful that we are not jumping on the same bandwagon because the French have made a mistake.
I live with French, German, Italians and English. Everyone has their flaws but the people that torment me mentally, physically and bully me are the French. I tire of French ideology and how you feel supreme in your culture of food and art. We had Shakespeare so smoke on that.
The only thing you have on us is that we went from supplying our own energy to converting to using French energy.
In conclusion I don’t hate France, I actually like France. I just ‘dislike’ the general French people who make me want to smash them in the face.
p.s. What kind of invention was the Renault for crying out loud?
By: Jason on 19 December 2009
at 3:21 PM
The french hate us because they feel bitter we saved them in world war 2. Some French are the most arrogant barstards in the world. Yes England has its people that can be classed as scum, but so does every country. The French just have no bollocks whatsoever and are a bunch of cowards.
By: Charlie on 21 December 2009
at 11:45 PM
I’m Welsh and I hate the English and think the French are weird, ’nuff said.
By: Shane on 24 December 2009
at 2:11 AM
It must be complete hell for the 250,000+ French people working in and around London if  people on this site are to be believed. Imagine having to stay there surrounded by uncooth, ugly, unfriendly people who only ,”deserve to die of the plague” just so that you can have a job because you can’t get one in your own country!
I am English and I have lived in France since 1964
Yes there are differences, but different does not mean bad.
If you are adult enough you should be able to look beyond the differences
Happy New Year! Bonne Année!
Valerie
By: valerie on 31 December 2009
at 5:17 PM
well i think the french hate the english nowadays  just because they are doomed to learn english but they simply can’t ! it ’s difficcult for them to master it!
By: jamel on 4 January 2010
at 10:13 PM
ive been to france a couple of times and ill never go back again there horrible people who hate the english because we bombed calais during the war so the germans couldnt invade england ive been reminded of it by the french when ive been there so now if a french person asks me directions in london i send them in the opposite direction
By: chris on 9 January 2010
at 11:43 AM
I think the true reason why the French dislike the
english is because when the english speak French,
it sounds like like they’ve been chewing not quite
dry cow chips and  the French don’t like their
beautiful language mucked up.
OOOH, I can hear the reply already
By: Robert on 19 January 2010
at 10:24 PM
By: Robert on 19 January 2010
at 10:26 PM
Salut, bon jour and hello, I’m english NZ Cook Islands from the pacific and In my word’s why would you start hating each other for many reasons. I find this defending, cruw, sad, shocking and surprising, come on, don’t talk rubbish like that to each others country alright!!. Why can’t you all stop being raisest and stop putting each other off this time aye. We all hate each other in this world, understand i mean where’s all that crap coming thats not good, everyone is diffrent and you all should know that. So stop comparing French and the English who is the the best and who’s not, stop teasing and be friends to each other. Don’t post anymore comment like that to this website thank you very much. I really think that the English and French are both nice people compared to your rubbish. This is really defending. Damit!!
By: Junior on 22 January 2010
at 1:22 AM
Some of the comments above are shocking. I think the article was meant to be a joke, why are people being so nasty? I am English born but my dad’s side of the family is mainly French and I have never, ever known any hatred on either side. When I went to Paris for my 18th birthday every single French person I met was absolutely lovely and welcoming (except for one moody cow in a shop but isn’t that the case with most “customer services”?). Also, I have met a few French people in London and on nights out in my home town and they too were brilliant, where is all this racism coming from? On the other side, I detest all this English = bad teeth, arrogance, no culture, what utter bullshit. I would say go to any historic town, nature reserve or high street in England to find culture and beauty in the form of buildings, history, nature and people, just like in any country in the world, but I suspect the people making these vile comments know this already but have nothing else to hit out with. You can’t possibly judge an entire nation the way they do, unless you have the IQ of a turd? I find it laughable that our neighbours in the UK and Ireland are being racist about us, Ireland have bent over for the EU and the Scots have been running the UK for the past 12 years - and we’re now almost bankrupt. Yep, you’re soooo superior.
By: Witch on 1 February 2010
at 3:57 PM
Im on both sides English and French, i respect them in full no lies. Full stop. End of story
By: Junior on 2 February 2010
at 5:45 AM
I disagree the reasons you give to explain the hate beetween France and England (if there is a real hate, and not only a joke), but I will answer in French because English is not my native tongue.
Première (mauvaise) raison : Waterloo
Je ne vois pas en quoi le nom d’une défaite comme Waterloo nous choquerait ! Nous avons des siècles d’histoire commune, de victoires comme de défaites, et nos deux peuples savent s’accommoder de ces déboires depuis longtemps. D’ailleurs, le nom d’une tribune de fans de football à Liverpool ne porte-t-elle pas le nom d’une de vos défaites lors de la guerre des boers ? Vous êtes capables d’autodérision, nous aussi ! De plus, je ne pense pas que la gare d’Austerlitz choque qui que ce soit, soyons sérieux ! Bizarrement, et contrairement à ce que vous semblez penser, peu de gens en France sont fiers de l’Empire, et en tout cas pas du sang qui a coulé à cette époque.
Deuxième (bonne) raison : la royauté
C’est un peu vrai que la notion de royauté nous semble étrange dans son concept : style c’est moi et ma descendance qui dirige et qui dirigera toujours, mais bon, chacun fait comme il veut. Et puis, les anglais sans la royauté c’est un peu comme un thé sans tasse : ça ne fonctionne pas. Non, le truc qui nous semble réellement bizarre, c’est que trois pouilleux sont partis un beau matin de 1066 avec leurs épées rouillées sur des coquilles de noix, et sont revenus en disant qu’ils étaient devenus les nouveaux rois du monde et qu’il faudrait désormais compter avec eux et leur faire plein de courbettes. Ils ont pris les meilleures places de l’île, se foutent de la gueule des locaux depuis des siècles et pourtant sont toujours en place… et ça, c’est vrai, quelque part, ça me troue le cul
Troisième (mauvaise) raison : la cuisine
Alors ça, c’est des foutaises. On vous a dit un jour que la cuisine française était meilleure et vous suivez l’avis général sans remise en cause. La cuisine française est très snob et surtout hors de prix. Et l’Angleterre a fait d’énorme progrès, ce qui signifie qu’aujourd’hui on mange mieux et à moindre coût à Londres qu’à Paris. Le secret pour la cuisine (comme pour l’amour d’ailleurs) est d’apprécier ce que l’on fait et de vouloir partager, et là vous n’avez vraiment plus à rougir sur ce sujet.
Quatrième (mauvaise) raison : l’habitat de luxe
De riches anglais ont acheté des maisons ayant une histoire et les ont retapées en France ! Grand bien leur fasse ! Tant mieux, s’ils ont les moyens de le faire, où est le problème ? La France n’est pas une île, tant de peuples passent sur nos terres et si peu restent qu’on ne reconnaît un authentique Français qu’à sa qualité à dire : ‘J’aime cet endroit et j’ai envie de m’y installer’. Qu’il soit blanc, noir, vert ou jaune à petits pois, qu’il parle notre langue ou pas, on s’en fout. S’il a pensé ça, il mérite son lopin de terre par ici.
Cinquième (bonne) raison : la langue
C’est vrai que la langue anglaise gêne beaucoup de mes compatriotes, et le pire c’est que je ne vois pas pourquoi. Le Français est en grande partie une mauvaise interprétation du Latin, et l’Anglais est aussi en grande partie une mauvaise interprétation du Français. Donc je ne vois pas vraiment où se situe le problème.
Sixième et septième (mauvaises) raisons :
méridien de Greenwich et monnaie
Là, je pense qu’il s’agit plus d’une blague, donc je regroupe. Sinon les Anglais devraient en vouloir aux Amériques d’être aussi en avance de quelques heures, et personnellement je suis content de trouver un endroit où il y a autre chose que l’euro… J’adorais vos shillings et la Guinée aussi d’ailleurs, c’était vraiment très dépaysant, dommage que vous ayez renoncé.
Huitième (très mauvaise) raison : Ouch, problème épineux des filles mères
Je ne pense pas que les docteurs soient meilleurs en France qu’en Angleterre : regardez le Dr. House !!! Non, sérieusement, je passe à la question suivante parce que c’est vrai que c’est triste de voir ces filles qui ont un peu abusé de l’alcool au pub et qui se retrouvent avec un polichinelle dans le tiroir sans se rappeler la tronche de la commode. Et vraiment, les Français ne peuvent pas détester les Anglais pour ça, parce que c’est triste plutôt qu’autre chose et que nous avons tous un respect inné et profond pour nos mères, non ?
Neuvième ( ???) raison : Aéroports
Au niveau des aéroports, personnellement, je ne savais pas qu’il y en avait cinq à Londres, et je pense que mes compatriotes non plus. Donc on ne peut pas ne pas détester des gens sur des trucs qu’on ignore… faudrait que vous fassiez un peu de publicité sur ce sujet d’ailleurs, si vous avez 5 aéroports, dites-le ! Les gens du monde entier ont le droit de savoir !
Dixième (très bonne) raison : l’émigration
Alors là, bon courage… Nous on a abdiqué, on en a plein nos rues maintenant, de ces grandes gueules de Français. Mais vous, vous pouvez encore vous rebeller, faites quelque chose. Arrêtez de leur offrir gîtes et couverts, sinon ils viendront de plus en plus nombreux. Pour nous, c’est trop tard, on s’est déjà fait envahir, mais pour vous, rien n’est encore joué ! Restez vigilants !
Onzième (mauvaise) raison : les bus
Alors là, chapeau. S’il y a bien un truc qui me fait venir et revenir à Londres, c’est bien vos bus à l’impériale. Changez rien, surtout ! Monter à l’impériale et observer la ville de là haut, on se sent plus fort que Caprio dans Titanic. On peut pas vous en vouloir pour ça.
Douzième (très mauvaise) raison : l’humour
Je préfère une solide amitié avec un anglais plutôt qu’avec certains sudistes (de la France). Il vous fera certes bien moins de sourire, mais ne vous poignardera jamais dans le dos.
Treizième (mauvaise) raison : poissons et chips
Reprenez immédiatement vos traditions de tourtes (pies), elles sont excellentes et elles ne doivent surtout pas disparaître de la surface de la planète ! Gardez les pubs aussi, par pitié ! Il faudra inscrire tout ça à l’Unesco.
Quatorzième (mauvaise) raison : Sport
Généralement, les Anglais inventent les sports et les Français les exportent dans le reste du monde. On ne peut pas être ennemi là-dessus puisqu’on est complémentaires et qu’en plus on est les deux seuls peuples à savoir faire ça. Et puis, dans un sport, personne ne perd réellement quand on sait qu’il y aura toujours une revanche, c’est ce qui en fait le sel, non ? Imaginez un tournoi de rugby avec un seul match : Angleterre-Italie… A pleurer, non ?
Quinzième (mauvaise) raison : I’m the best
Heu… Je crois plutôt que ça s’applique aux Yankees ça, non ? Personnellement tous les Anglais que j’ai croisé étaient plutôt soucieux des autres et prévenants. C’était peut être valable au XIX siècle, mais aujourd’hui, je ne pense pas que ça soit le cas.
Seizième (mauvaise) raison : Ordinateurs
C’est plutôt toutes ces âneries venues de Seattle qui sont irritantes, non ? Vous n’avez jamais eu le message : ‘Nous venons de rencontrer une foutue erreur inattendue et nous sommes obligés de balancer tout votre travail à la poubelle’. Comme s’il y avait des erreurs attendues, connerie de machines !
Dix-septième (bonne) raison : Franglais
C’est vrai que ça fait ‘mode’ d’utiliser des mots anglais en France, et que ça irrite quelques académiciens tatillons par ici… Mais, désolé de vous décevoir, je crois que c’est plutôt une volonté de certains de copier les USA plutôt que les sujets de sa Majesté, donc on ne peut raisonnablement pas en vouloir aux Anglais pour ça.
Dix-huitième (très mauvaise) raison : le temps
On ne peut pas en vouloir à des gens en raison de leur climat ! C’est stupide, si on n’aime pas le temps anglais, on n’y va pas, c’est tout ! Et puis sinon votre industrie du parapluie s’effondrerait, et ça, ça serait un drame. Quelle horreur !
Dix-neuvième (bonne) raison : voitures
Le jour où je pourrais me payer une Rolls ou une Jag’, je répondrais à cette fichue bonne question.
Dernière (ridicule) raison : Haine du Français
Je ne suis pas sûr que les Anglais détestent les Françaises, ni que les Anglaises haïssent les Français… Après, je peux me tromper, bien sûr. Mais mon expérience personnelle me rend assez serein sur ce thème…
By: Christophe(Fr) on 25 March 2010
at 3:46 PM
Did anyone catch any of that?
Re: Culture. The French prefer their culture pickled in aspic. They are selling the same culture now as they were back in the 1930s. Are they afraid of progress? Having said that there is room in the world for a country with a retrospective national identity.
By: Steve on 3 April 2010
at 7:00 PM
Because they build bad cars?
Are you kidding? Some of the greatest cars ever produced have come about because of the British Automotive industry.
This article sum’s up the arrogance of the French, I’ve been to France once, and never, ever, will i go back, Ignorant people, Overpriced food and drink and Paris is a hole.
By: Liam on 14 April 2010
at 3:13 AM
Horrible set of people them their french bitches. Ungrateful set aint they? We are the reason they even still use that secondary language they call french.
White flag waving surrender monkeys should bow to us all in gratitude of what our forefathers did for them.
Also, Charles De whatever his names airport, Nobody else care. Shittest airport in the world, horrible arrogant staff from check in to duty free.
When I think French, the first thing that comes into my head is ‘poncy coward.’
By: barry on 3 May 2010
at 2:35 AM
Je rajouterai une autre raison:
la presse anglaise:
je ne peux croire que des journaux qui sont soi-disant sérieux puissent publier un article tel que ” 30 reasons to hate the french”: The telegraph par exemple.
Complètement débile: en tout cas, nous sommes peut-être tout ce que les anglais détestent mais nos journaux ne se permettraient pas de critiquer DE CETTE MANIERE les anglais.
Ce n’est pas du tout professionnel et “fair play” de la part des Anglais. Mais le sont-ils vraiment, fairplay?
I’ve travelled to Ireland and England and the difference is enormous between English people and Irish people
tHe irish is really nice,open minded, honest… whereas the english is not nice: he’s really distant, seems to be really  haughty, irrespectfull.When he notices you’re french, it’s worse. How can we be attracted by people who  despise you and sometimes laugh at you??
I do not hate english people because fortunately I know good people from England but I think the english medias might be more respectfull and have moderated opinions towards us.
By: paix on 9 May 2010
at 7:05 PM
Liam, Paris is a capital so of course ,people are arrogant, people have no time to be nice…
EVERYBODY hates Paris even french people from other regions…
So please stop giving ALWAYS the same example!!
Paris!Paris!!France is not Paris….England is not London FORTUNATELY…
Ahhh do you know that lots of countries hate England??Are you sure you enjoy your own country?Or maybe you only love England…your wonderfull island?? So beautiful that a lot of english people buy houses in France…loooollll!!!
I will finish this comment by that:
FUCK OFF INTOLERANT PEOPLE!!
By: paix on 9 May 2010
at 7:15 PM
Unfortunately the French do hate the British.  I have also recently visited Paris, such an amazing city with stunning architecture.  But the people, Oh my God, they are appalling.  You can almost feel the hatred coming from them as they mutter ‘anglaise’ under their breath when they discover you are English.  Sorry if you are French and reading this, but you all seem to have one almighty chip on your’e shoulder regarding us British.
By: been there recently on 16 May 2010
at 12:23 AM
Another point I forgot to mention, someone French has suggested that Britain is full of ugly overweight people, well France and especially Paris is full of people looking like they are sucking lemons.  They are not as well dressed and glamorous as they perceive themselves to be.  They are better at keeping their weight in check, but their faces let them down.
By: been there recently on 16 May 2010
at 12:32 AM
Just a few points to clear up having lived in both England and France…
1. There isn’t anywhere near as much patriotism/nationalism in England than in lots of other countries where national identity is considered more important. (ie if it is ingrained in the state religion, or if the formation of the country itself was a political struggle) Which is fine of course. I’m just saying that you definitely have the wrong idea of the Uk if you think that most of it’s inhabitants are more than mildly patriotic.
The lingua franca thing is just because English is the ‘best’ language: FACT. I’m not saying the most poetic or the easiest to learn, but from what we can see from linguistics and more importantly by the global natural selection of language that it is the most adaptable/expressive/precise/understood form of communication in the world. Regardless of which group of people first started using it, it is what most of the world will be speaking in 100 years. But who knows in 1000 it could be as a dead as Latin.
I hate some English people, I love others. I hate some French People, I love others. Let’s get real people… where you’re born doesn’t determine who you are. All that it does do is give you cultural baggage that.
So if anyone really does hate any nation because of something similar to any one of these ridiculous points then I’d have to conclude that they don’t even want you there anyway. So throw  away your passport and live in whichever country you where born in for the rest of your life because I’ll save you the time and money now by saying if unfamiliarity frightens rather than excites you then to use a well coined phrase… go back to your own fucking country.
P.s And finally…Nobody, I repeat NOBODY calls a chip a french fry in England. It is an Americanism that would only ever be used to differentiate between the style that McDonalds serve and the ones which most people there actually like and eat.
By: Christopher on 17 May 2010
at 1:42 PM
And also… anyone who thinks the original article should be passed off as a lighthearted joke then you are truly mistaken.
It’s this kind of base homour from uncultured idiots that gives rise to these innacurate stereotypes and the racism that follows.
Fuck them, we can live in the world.. they can live at home.
By: Christopher on 17 May 2010
at 1:45 PM
The reason why the English hate the French and the French hate the English is very simple.
Because we can.
By: Christopher Bane on 26 May 2010
at 8:32 AM
I mostly support the french there.
apart from no night busses , the french not learning english so much .
french food is better than english food by far.
By: samuel  welsh on 28 May 2010
at 3:30 AM
but as to say both english and french culture
is good and enjoyable.
By: samuel  welsh on 28 May 2010
at 3:31 AM
the english people are fuckin uglys!!!
By: Seba on 30 May 2010
at 12:14 AM
hahahaha. WE make bad cars. have you watched topgear. aston martin, jaguar, bently, rolls royce, TVR (well not anymore), lotus, mclaren compared to your citreon, renault and peugoet which are all boring drizzle
By: nath on 2 June 2010
at 1:25 AM
(Keith on 22 October 2009) soooooo true…. and sooo funny lol
The French, hahaha…, they have no culture but il be fair to them because i am a person who always supports the truth.
They are the best looking people on earth, men and women alike, they’v got killer looks, and to be fair they really do have better sex life’s than the English.
but on the other-side, the crap of the French people have no measurability. They are a REPUBLIC!!!! bhahahaha basically what that means is letting the Americans run the country and become big time American kiss arse twats as if that is normal!!! Every French owes so much money to the American government even today, coz if it wasn’t for them and us, Hitler would still be shouting “nine nine ziz car iz too noi-zy zurn is za-wuna” under the eiffle tower.
Did i mention the love they have for the Americans…. The French 90% of them are now learning American English, just to piss us off lol
If u go to Paris and speak in English ul understand that the French are just a bunch of “wannabe” Americans as they call them in America. This shows their pathetic extent of loyalty towards the European culture and pride.
and yes, they have no culture or currency or monarch or even civilized politics for that matter.
All they know is to strike even if a coffee accidentally spills down on a worker. The English on the other hand are real hard workers. All these contribute to why they hate us so much, coz their country is so venial the’ll just bend over to any big swagger coz they haven’t got the guts to fight them, and they have the audacity and the ungratefulness to pick fights with small powers.
Basically Its a love hate relationship. The French do love us a little, after all… when all them little babies were stranded with no help but to surrender to the big shots, our men and women and even children were there to take arms and save their lazy scorn sorry baby butts but they are just too proud to admit it!!
By: andrew on 9 June 2010
at 8:36 PM
I never cease to be amazed at the English being proud of their rain. I have bad news for those who are so proud. Read this slowly!!! It rains more in Paris than it does in London. You can check this on the internet, but if you have been to Paris, you will remember that it rained most days when you were there. Another reason the French hated the English was explained by my then wife to my parents when she first met them. It seems the French bore a grudge because the English weren’t grateful enough after they were liberated by the French resistance and the USA during World War II. My parents lived through WWII and their expressions when they heard this will be forever in my mind. Incidentally, people at home in France can’t cook, but it is cheaper to go out and eat in restaurants there.
Nowadays, I don’t think the younger generation has anything against the English and fortunately historical differences are regarded as just that and are fading away.
By: James on 21 June 2010
at 3:21 PM
Being Irish I can say without remorse that the English have always been, are now and will forever be, the biggest assholes the world has ever know. All of the problems in the world today can be attributed to them and their anglo asswipe American friends. So full of themslves it’s sick.
By: roger on 25 June 2010
at 1:41 AM
Haha the conflict between your countries is SO evident in the comments of this post its hilarious… oh and just so everybody knows, I am the center of the world and that is the end. I still do wonder why french people hate americans(my country, besides mexico) and british, after all they ddid save their hides in WW2
By: Omar on 25 June 2010
at 7:18 AM
I am English, but i have a french name (orginally spelt with a dash on the “E” & two dots on the “I”) I learn french at school, I like french food, I think french people are very nice as long as you respect them as well as their culture and I am completly infatuated with France. BUT at the same time I love England, I was born there, I currently live there, England has some of the best T.V shows of ALL TIME, some great talent and itelligence least but not least least I am proud to call myself British.
So what really upsets me is that the people of my two favourite places (which at one piont were the same peice of earth) are argueing so violently over such pety things such how much it rains or wether they have good enough doctors! I wish one day to live in Paris but it seems so far away seeing as the English and French cannot even speak civily to each - I just damn hope one day everyone can get along so we can enjoy both of these wonderfulcountries….
I’m also Half Irish - so when you talk about hating the English your are also talking about Hating some of your own people
</3
By: Eloise on 9 August 2010
at 7:14 PM
Does France still make the best wine? Not if you go by the infamous Paris Wine Tasting of 1976, when an English wine merchant organised a “blind” tasting before a jury of French experts. To their horror, they rated Californian wines as winners in both the red and white wine categories. The French press first denied any tasting had happened, then claimed the results were fixed.
lmfao screw the french and ther arrogant opinions, plus y do we get so angry wen these tards slag us off, honestly ther sad.
By: f**kthefrogmunchers on 11 August 2010
at 9:13 PM
I’m English and would like to add my comments (without lol’s, smiley faces and appalling grammar/spelling etc)
The French dislike of the English is due to their gerneral feeling of jealousy and envy toward the Engilsh.
They would prefer the world to speak French and not English.
They would prefer their radio stations not to play 50% English/American music. When was the last time anyone heard a French song on the radio over here or the USA?
They hate the idea that the English/Americans saved them from German oppression - twice!
Second rate nations all over the world hate their more successful neighbours, even though the “hated ones” have no real issues or opinions vice versa.
Canadians hate Americans for example but the average American doesn’t care either way - he just accepts them.
The French hate for the English will never die so we should all just accept it and move on.
The option is clear - if you don’t like the way the French view us don’t go there. It’s really simple.
By: John on 17 August 2010
at 8:22 AM
Its nice to see everyone slagging us English off as usual including scots and welsh and i wonder why. Is it because if history has anything to go by we have punched way above are weight for centuries while most of your meaningless countries or Klingon’s as i like to call them (Scottish,welsh) have basically been ruled by us. Buts lets not forget Scots and welsh that you need us alot more then we need you.Personally i would be quite happy to give you independence that you seek as you would soon realise you have nothing of value to offer the world. You are propped up by London so i think its time you stopped biting the hand that feeds you. As for the French all i can say is what a bunch of ungrateful toads. Twice we have gone to there aid and thousands died in there fields trying to protect there freedom and there is no thanks whatsoever in fact there is such respect that they graffiti the graves of dead soldiers so any french reading this i hope your very proud.Also i think for the French to question the English personal hygiene is quite laughable really. I can honestly say and i am quite well travelled they are definitely right up there for smelly wretches. Last time i went to Paris i couldn’t look at the attractions because i was to busy looking at the floor trying to avoid the dog shit everywhere. I would like to finish with a story of my last trip there. I went with some colleagues on a battlefield tour trip. One evening we were walking back from a bar across a market square and some french men hurled abuse at us and threw bricks at us for doing absolutely nothing. We confronted them and they denied it with big smiles on there faces. We gave them a good old English beating. Cowards
By: Michael on 21 August 2010
at 11:18 AM
As someone who has been living in France for the past 10 years, with a French husband and a French famly in law, I am surprised to read that, first because I wasn’t aware that xenophobia was so strong in Britain !
Second because, very honestly, the French don’t care enough about the English to “hate” them! Believe me or not, but the French see England and its people as a country among (many) others, and I never heard/read anything about “The English” here, but as a regular reader of the british press, I see a LOT of articles about the French. It is weird and a bit pathetic to say the least.
As a foreigner, from Asia, who travels a lot in Europe, the French are much more polite, decent, respectful and civilized than the English, but it is not very hard to outdo the English in those fields. Yes I know, there is world between the way you English see yourself and the way the rest of the world sees you, and what you are.  My thought is that you have not digested 1066 and the fact that your country was the property of French dukes during centuries. Get a life and get some  education. Oh and no,  Britain is no longer a super power, stop living in the past  : )
cheers : )
By: safina on 2 September 2010
at 3:17 AM
Ok couple of things the English stick up for the French world war 1 and 2 50 years the cheese eating surrender monkeys back stabbers uknow what’s funny 80% of Brits like the americans  more than europeans I.e France Germany Italy
90% of the reason is because the French are stuck up faggots who have gay sex and u say we have ugly people have u seen cheryl cole so fuck u u cheese eating surrender monkeys
world war 2 D-day Britain helps the French escape along with the main forces of the brittish army and they only could just get away because of the 4000 Brits who held the Germans off
btw.
I am half English half Scottish
fuck the French
By: Charlie on 8 September 2010
at 6:11 PM
I hate you all, I sincerely want you all dead.
Both (racist) British AND (racist) French.
I am pure French, and NEVER have I been fed the urge to despise the Great Britain, you saved us twice? Were the ones who gave you the resources to save us and the world, you’d be dying without us.
Not to mention that you idiots forgotthat the surrender was a guerrila tactic, we hid the ‘Impure’s’ (this is just something the Nazis called them, I don’t believe in Im/Purity) underground Churches and schools.
I honestly love my countries wine and food, and the loving people I have philisophical conversations with.
Same goes for Britain, a chunk of the population are friendly, intelligent, and extremely welcomed into any sane persons mind.
What I can’t stand are the French and English retards that sleep in the shadows of racism, because they’re lives are nothing but pure idioticy.
I would like to say this to racist: STOP SKIPPING SCHOOL.
Goodbye.
By: ... on 9 September 2010
at 7:48 PM
And Charlie: Learn how to spell then go back to 3rd grade school before trying to debate history.
Kthnxbaieffingretard.
By: ... on 9 September 2010
at 7:50 PM
After living in both Britain and france for a number of years, i am very sure that it is the french who are always talking about the british all the time in a bad way.  Britain came to france’s aid in two of the bloodiest wars in history when it did not need to.  From what i have studied about hitlers love for britain, i have noticed that britain could have been an equall partner with the nazi empire and ruled the world but they chose to stick up for france.  It is not right that france hates britain for saving france.
By: sanjay on 13 September 2010
at 11:07 PM
and the writer of this blog is french. just read the blog carefully
By: sanjay on 13 September 2010
at 11:08 PM
I invited a Parisian friend of mine to visit London for the first time.
He spent the whole weekend criticising the architecture, people and compared everything to Paris.
When we stopped outside Buckingham Palace, he took out his camera and pointed it at a pile of horse shit.
The photo of the horse shit is now on his fridge in Paris. He captioned it, “BUCKINGHAM PALACE, LONDON”.
To this day, I don’t understand what that was all about.
The French definately hate the British.
By: Charles and Camilla on 23 September 2010
at 8:59 AM
There is nice and arrogant people in every country. Not all english people are arrogant and think a lot of themselves at all. I dont, and im english, and i like the french, but they dont like us…. for very stupid reasons. but i suppose they dont think we like them :/ its just rumours. If i was to bump into a french person, i would treat them like any other person, everyone is just thinking of stupid, not always true reasons to hate us when they are on the internet etc…
But i like the french and other countries. I dont have a real good reason not to. I dont like arrogant people, like most of you on here :/
By: ilikefrenchbutimbritish on 26 September 2010
at 4:16 PM
I like the english, i also like my country very much (i’ am french). I will obviously stick with my country. But to be fair, both french and english are both as bad as eachother. Reading up, it seems french are hating on england more then england hates them. Maybe everyone should stop being judgemental towards eachother. The things english are saying about the french arent true about every single person, so why is everything french say about england true?
WE ARE AS BAD AS EACHOTHER.
WE ARE NEIGHBOURS, WE DISLIKE EACHOTHER BUT WE CANNOT HATE EACHOTHER. This really has to stop. I respect the british, aslong as they respect me. Thank you.
By: imfrench on 26 September 2010
at 4:34 PM
This was a very interestingly “sad” read!
I think that it must be an English thing isn’t it:
You guys are somehow obsessed with that subject! I have been here, in UK; for 10 years now and thank fuck not everyone is that racist, it seems to me that “French is the new Black”
Some of you thinks that French are arrogant!! French hates the English?
I don’t think French are more arrogant than anyone else, maybe a just bit blunt and to the point! But you guys are very “proud” of being English aren”t you? I mean, I don’t know of any french guys sticking French flag on their T-shirts or cars…..Why don’t you try and learn a little bit about where you are going on a weekend trip, why don’t you try to speak the Linguo while being there, even though you don’t speak it perfectly, i am conviced that if you are polite, people will be helpfull!! I have had myself pretty bad experiences while being in Rome (Italy) and in Barcelona (Spain) because I was speaking English (my wife was Australian..)
French don’t “hate” English or anyone for that matter, we just have a Culture that’s a bit different than yours, We actually “respect” Brits a lot!! Our recent Politic is trying to be a lot like UK!
I am sure you’d prefere Visitors in your country to respect your values, the Royal Family and Language…
Yes we learn to speak American; so is the rest of the world!!!! They have influenced the whole world whith their culture, movies, nike shoes, Levi’s jeans and Iphones, come one for christ sake, you know it yourselves!!
Yes, you do have Tailors in the Saville Row,yeah; not too bad!!! But not every one wants to look like you work at a desk in a Bank? Think of Italian Tailoring, think of Gucci, Armani, Prada or D&G, they rule the world in that matter, don’t they? And you guys spend quite a lot of money on their”designer” clothes……..
Yes, French tend to do Strikes a lot, but isn’t it better to protest when something is not fair than just bitting your lip; accept it or at best write a complaint letter (oh yeah, that’ll teach tem!!)
Seriously guys, stop coming back to WW2, it was a commun effort!!!
(England sent Australians and Kiwis before themselves; as usual)
Look at he results of Irak right now, How many more Brits and American are going to die over there for no reason? Blair and Bush? It’s all fucked up isnt’t it?
Also, could some of you stop only just mentioning Shakespear as “THE” final say on Litteracy  and as I really do hope you know others British Authors, France had a lot too, and Shakespear isn’t everything!!!
Yes Sade was French but; Maso was Italian! How about that? some of you probably need a little “kinky” S&M session by the look of things…
The Thing is get a little “education” (yes, that is a french word but by that point I might as well!!)
I know i am getting a bit obset about it because as a French man i have neve had a problem with English guys, and anyone from anywhere around our little planet!!
Can some of you just “grow” up a bit!
Thank you Good night, Much love!
Yann.
By: yann on 27 September 2010
at 1:17 AM
please read upset and not obset!
i am just coming back from the pub!:)
By: yann on 27 September 2010
at 1:26 AM
last week our group held a similar discussion on this subject and you point out something we haven’t covered yet, appreciate that.
- Kris
By: autoversicherung vergleich on 18 October 2010
at 9:56 AM
English on English
First problem is our history is not taught to us!
We only learn what other country’s have done in the pass so we have no understanding when someone from another country slag’s us off.
We take the European Union too seriously to a point where people are scare to say any thing in case they get sued!
We have no Society and religion is look upon as joke.
True English people are treaded as second class citizen in our system, thus we don’t really care about anything or anyone to be honest.
The working class pays for the poor and the Rich just get richer.
Just about everyone in England has Irish or Scottish background so we never understand why we get picked on from those countries.
By: Jim on 27 October 2010
at 4:56 PM
Just got back from eurodisney, all was great apart from whilst in a que with my son on my shoulders singing and enjoying ourselves i couldnt help but notice a man looking and shaking his head at us. I asked him if there was a problem and his reply was ” i dont speak to stupid English”. Now i am not very good at an argument but i was so shocked at his comment that the only thing i could do was to quietly offer to knock the crap out of him (sorry)!! The racist self centered arrogant MAN did not say anything further. But i am still really disapointed that these people can carry on being so small.
By: Dyl on 6 November 2010
at 4:22 PM
I really don’t no why we bothered saving u French in world war 1 we should of let you all speak german we would still be ruling the world if we had. The only reason the French hate the English so much is because all through history u have tried to do the same as us but you have never been quite good enough. For example u tried to conquer amercia but we kicked your arse and made it english in it’s culture. We have shaped the world to an English way of thinking we ruled 1/4 of the world and a third of the worlds population what have the French ever done apart from be bitter that your not English we are entitled to be arrogant what’s your excuse u frog eating surrender monkeys lol
By: Ricky lucas on 9 November 2010
at 1:02 AM
Oh and by the way Americans don’t speak American they speak English and iPhone’s and iPods were invited and designed by and English person
By: Ricky lucas on 9 November 2010
at 1:09 AM
1066 wasn’t French dukes France wasn’t even a proper country like it is now back then they were Norman and from Normandy but they were of Scandinavian decent
By: Ricky lucas on 9 November 2010
at 1:18 AM
The name Norman means Norsmen they were Viking invaders of France that built castles there after 100’s of years of fighting
By: Ricky lucas on 9 November 2010
at 1:21 AM
The French hate the English for the same reasons as the Scots, Irish and Welsh. They are the neighbours from hell
By: BeingBritish=BeingArrogant on 11 November 2010
at 11:40 AM
vive la france on vous battra toujours
By: gaëtan on 18 November 2010
at 12:23 PM
French peoples breath smell of garlic, they wear bloody onions around their necks, they wear silly beret hats and continue to sport those tacky hooped jumpers……soooo last year.
Bonjour!!! As Delboy would say.
By: SteveG on 20 November 2010
at 10:51 AM
I really don’t understand what the problem is. I am English, of Irish decent, and I have no problem with the French. Although, it seems they hate us when most haven’t visited. I am sure that a French person visiting Britain would be treated much better than a British person visiting France. I accept that many Brits refuse to speak French while in France, and for this I am ashamed. However, I see no reason for the blatant hatred and racism shown on this page from the French towards the British. It is ironic that you speak of the British arrogance whilst in in your manner of doing so are yourselves being extremely arrogant and small minded.
au revior x
By: MissyB on 21 November 2010
at 6:45 PM
Centuries of civilisation have brought us to infantile bickering. The only people who benefit from this are the new ‘royalty’ -i.e the global business elite led mainly by America & Britain (divide & rule). Very soon we will see this imperialism brought to an end by multi-polar alliances in the East.
Eurasia/Transasia(Russia,China,India etc..) will shortly eclipse the muddle wrought by centuries of European self-destruction. Perhaps a ‘multi-polar’ world will be more suited to adults than the present one. All cultures are interesting and of merit. All nationalisms are largely created in the minds of elites. We, the people, are better than that.  There is nothing wrong with being proud of one’s culture. Enjoy it without comparison. Enjoy other cultures too ! why limit yourself ? There is such a thing as Russian ice-cream…The criticism of English lack of culture is just that: it has been downgraded by consumerism & is now declining; hence the rise of nationalist sentiment which always needs an enemy. Likewise the French, seeing their culture under threat from global consumerism,see in England the vision of their own possible cultural demise. We all need to realise that we are people first and convenience foods last !
See you on Mars
By: 21st centuryman on 28 November 2010
at 3:59 PM
bloody ignorant buggers, people say us english are arrogant and ignorant, hahaha same to you, ya wine glugging buggered up garlic munching arsewipes. and you say we have bad teeth… you cheat! you bleach yours! and you say where fat… haha pathetic, all you every do is stuff your face with your terrible food like snails and frogs… and ohh bread the shape of a shit. then drive home from your horrid resturaunt called something like “le shite le retarde” on the wrong side of the road
By: joe on 30 November 2010
at 5:35 PM
Hi or Salut depending on if your English or French.
I’ve  lived in France for 6 year’s came when i was 9.
I’m in lycée now get teased every day for being English.
They call me names like Con, Salud, Pd etc… ever since i came.
But you just live it anyhow French swear words don’t do anything to me.
So yeh i think the French don’t like us but then really don’t really like them either it’s mutel.
They don’t no what sarcasm is and they don’t really have a sense of humor(but then the English and French don’t have the same sense of humor).
OF CAUSE THIS IS MY OWN OPINON.
P.S sorry if there are mistakes not lived in england for 6 year’s and the English lessons here are rudimentary
By: Nat66 on 4 December 2010
at 3:00 PM
I love the British/English.  They gave us the English language which we are all using now to talk to each other.  The English/British also made the Industrial revolution and it has made our lives much more easy and better.  Anybody saying they hate the British is just jealous of them because they had greatest empire in all time, and made industry and many inventions. I am portugal and England/Britain is my ally and is very good!!
By: carlos on 14 January 2011
at 5:00 AM
French hate British because the world speak British/English and Britain saved france from hitler, russians and muslims in crimean wars..     French nead to just realise tha this is British world.  British won all Biggest wars,  . The world speak British language not french,.
By: carlos on 14 January 2011
at 6:22 AM
english people are better. tat why french doesnt like us (:
By: murphy on 16 January 2011
at 2:31 AM
im english and all i can say is you get rude french people as you also get rude english people. ive been to paris and i experienced a wide range of personallity and so you should. when you live in a free country you get a mixture of personas and it makes socialising a lot more interesting.
as for national steriotypes…. i think simon said it best, in england we do have ignorant people who dislike all foreign people and there may be a bit of an aggressive negative culture in working class britain but you realy do see a a wide variety of people if you travel about. most britts are nice and wlecoming and most are open to different nationalitys and cultures. just look at the musical influence of african americans and jamaicans.
i think the animosety between brits and the french is only between the blindly patriotic and the small minded and weak. maybe some steriotypes are true but who the fuck are we to treat people bad for slight cultural differences?
By: rory on 22 February 2011
at 9:02 PM
Rampantredlion “they live in the gutter with no eductaion”
what world do you live in?.
No education? Oxford, Cambridge? two of the worlds best educational institutions. what University or source of academic prowress has France got to offer?. Fuck all of international significance or value.
” the country is by Scots?” huh!?. I clearly havent been paying attention. You clearly are a dumbass.
By: objectivecritic on 23 February 2011
at 1:42 AM
the scots,welsh,french(normans),germans,dutch have all ruled the English at one time or another in our history!!! we have no chip on our shoulder about it, its part of our history good and bad,yet so many nations seem to have a permanent chip on there shoulder about the english,often about events that happened hundreds of years ago.
hating a nation for a joke or in sport is ok, its far better than true hate that leads to war,i will say i hate the Germans in the heat of a game when we play football, yet my nan is german!!!!
England has been on the winning side of all the major wars since napoleon,which means we havent got a complex about ourselfs and we are quite easy going and dont take things to seriously.
I think the English  are one of the least outwardly patriotic nations on earth,we dont celebrate our saints day,and are often not allowed to fly our flag.The english have done some terrible things in history eg ireland, but also some wonderfull things.
By: a englishman on 26 February 2011
at 8:21 PM
These Pathetic reasons are just so STUPID! go get a life people! I am english and i do not love myself! the french are so rude! COME ON! US ENGLISH, SAVED YOUR BUTTS IN THE WAR FOR CRYING OUT LOUD! just my opinion so DONT question it!
By: Amy on 8 March 2011
at 7:52 PM
You folks have it easy. Here in Canada I work with some french immigrants who try hard with English and are respectful of our culture.
Compare them to our local product, the french Canadian. The most arrogant, loathsome, obstreperous excuse for humanity on Earth. They hid in the woods to avoid both world wars, rob the country blind with transfer payments and demand that Canada give into their every whim.
At the moment quebec’s representative party in Ottawa, the Block, is demanding five  billion dollars in payola in order to vote with the minority government and prevent an election.
They’re not even ashamed of their corrupt society.
By the way,
“I think the English are one of the least outwardly patriotic nations”?
Try this stirring video
By: Bill on 10 March 2011
at 3:00 AM
i live in alaska.  and people here are nice except some teenagers. but we dont really have any french people here except like the teachers, and that teacher i have mrs d and she is mean to everyone. all i got to say is the french arnt as friendly as us
By: murphy on 11 March 2011
at 12:43 AM
im a french teenager living in london. i absolutely adore it and the diversity of the cultures here.
because ive lived all of my (short) life in this capital, i learned to enjoy it and care about english people and their society. i actually think when people think about the french, they think of the “parisians”. luckily we are not all like that and actually ARE aware of the rest of the world.
however, even though i love the english, i still feel as though i  have something in my dna that creates comflict. every way i look at it, we all have been raised to look down on eachover and what is in our genes will ALWAYS be in our genes.
ps: for those who havent tried, garlic snail is actually delicious. (but frogs are disgusting, stay away from them).
By: pauline on 26 March 2011
at 3:22 AM
oh, i forgot to mention this:
it seems many english people believe we hate them because they helped us get rid of the nazis in ww2.
actually, (sorry to dissapoint here) , no french person actually gives a s**t about that and regard it as a nessesary act in a time of alliance.
again, while the english think they are superior army wise, the french actually looks down on them because a)  they still have a queen that steals all their money
b) acording to us, napoleon is better than nelson in every way
its sad to admit it, but i (even though i love english people) also have this superiority complex…
By: pauline on 26 March 2011
at 3:36 AM
What a zenophobic ill informed loat of rubbish. The reason people keep bashing the English is because popular beliefs are perpetuated by morons like this and not shown up full the rubbish that it is.
1. What do you define as English cuisine? England is  multi cultural society and has such what you call “English” has actually a rich mix of influences from many parts of the globe.
2 I am not a royalist! Also, you keep using the terms English and British as if they are one and the same thing which they are not! I have family from all parts of the UK so I am not definable as English and many Scots and Weksh will take issue with you calling them English.
3 I am sure there are many French and French trained cooks in “England” that can cook “French Fries” as well as anyone if not better.
4 The reason why English has become widespread is because “Britain” was the worlds first global economic superpower and therefore English has become and important language for business maintained by the rise of the USA which is now probably the most influential English speaking nation. Not see you mention the influence of the USA once.
5 French inferiority complex? See a shrink!
6 This is a stupid comment that shows an ignorance of science and geography and has nothing to do national differences.
7 Given how poorly the Euro has performed and how certain economies have suffered for it I don’t see it as a bad thing we never adopted the Euro.
8 Crap! The UK has a lot of very good doctors many of which are not even English, British or even European born. It is a fact in all countries that the health care you get is down to what you can afford!
9 Airports? So what?? You think having more airports to and already polluted and over crowded sky is something to shout about?
10 French city? You abviously have never been to London so what qualifies you to comment about somewhere you have never been?
11 What the **** has the transport system got to do with Anglo-French relations?
12 This is true of everyone in every nation. Pointless twaddle!
13 I never eat fish and chips! Many don’t! The national dish is actually Chicken Tikka, English influenced but created by Indian chefs. Tru getting yourself properly infomed.
14 France has beaten England many times so what’s your point? Meaningless!!
15 Centre of the world? By the way, you cannot be French because you cannot spell centre correctly in the French manner as do the English.
16 Computers speaking English is due to American rather than English influence. Get your facts right.
17 Many English speak French also. English as a language is heavily influenced by French. Pointless comment!
18 Bad weather? We have beautiful summers too. Our weather acutally is very changeable as we are set between four strong weather fronts. A fact of geography and science and sweet FA to do with international relations.
19 Cars? If you were well informed (which you obviously are not) you would know that neither Jaguar or Roll Royce were British owned! Again… what the **** has that got to do with international relations?
20 It seems to me there are more perpetuators of the England versus France crap outside the UK or, indeed France as there is in.
Anyone who knowa history will also know that the France and England are two countries that have both been united and divided for many different reasons. Waterloo was a battle that involved people from ALL parts of Northern Europe with many French or French decended emigres within the ranks of an alliance united in there hate of a tyranical Corsican adventurer who’s ancestors were not French in any way.
I for one have no feelings of animosity to French people or culture and feel saddened that there wil always be an ignorant, poorly educated and ill informed element in the world that rehashes and spue out rubbish and nonsense for whatever reason.
Was this an intelligent, well thought out and informative discussion about issues between English and French people? No, just a childish and pathetic waste of Internet space
By: Stephen on 27 March 2011
at 3:36 PM
Living in Kent you tend to see lots of french and when talking to them personally you really see that they are exactly like us wanting to have a good time but it is only the shallow steriotypes which create the barrier. Also I love to go to france on day trips as there is so much to see. Try learning french and they will appreciate you a lot more.
As for the irish person commenting about the english we like the french far more than you!
By: joe on 27 March 2011
at 11:31 PM
Don’t give in to the teenage bullying.
Remember what Obama said,
By: Sylvain on 10 April 2011
at 4:04 AM
[…] the French react the way they do to British cuisine […]
