Email
Stories are circulating of German bank customers rejecting southern European notes. Photograph: Walter Geiersperger/Corbis
Conspiracy theorists are having a field day with the question of what might happen to Greece's membership of the euro should its financial woes continue. British hedge fund manager Hugh Hendry has been touring BBC studios in recent days recounting a tale of German bank customers rejecting euro notes with Southern European serial numbers for fear that these might be withdrawn from circulation.
The English version of this story appears to date from a 2008 piece by Telegraph columnist Ambrose Evans-Pritchard which in turn cited a report in German business daily Handelsblatt. The source of the report has itself been subject to some debate and Ambrose now asks instead whether Germany will pull out . Despite widespread anxiety about Greece, there is little talk of either option in Germany today, but it hasn't stopped a number of bloggers from dusting down lists of euro serial numbers and wondering if the ideas are not as far-fetched as all that.
The honest answer is that no one knows what would happen if a country tried to pull out of the single currency because it hasn't happened before. As our economics reporter Kathryn Hopkins found when looking into the issue , there are no exit clauses drafted in the original treaties for what the EU still regards as a "completely unrealistic" scenario. Indeed there is a fair degree of anger in Brussels at the current schadenfreude of Anglo-Saxon eurosceptics. EU sources point out that the financial crisis could have been much worse without the single currency, with competitive devaluations rippling throughout the continent by now. Jürgen Stark, chief economist of the European Central Bank, directs his anger elsewhere in an interesting interview with Germany's Speigel magazine.
SPIEGEL: You see the euro as a "community of fate." Shouldn't it be possible to eject a country that absolutely doesn't abide by the rules?
STARK: I don't think that's a realistic option. I draw a different conclusion from the events of recent weeks: When accepting new members into the euro zone, we have to pay closer attention when it comes to the dates and longevity of the convergence.
Whatever happens, my own view is that there is little point spending too much time scrutinising serial numbers. The natural circulation of bank notes throughout the eurozone since inception makes it inconceivable that the exit of one country would justify arbritarily pulling certain notes out of circulation - even if the serial numbers meant very much (which they don't). But the persistence of such rumours does raise an interesting question: how would this extremely unlikely event actually take place?
The first thing to note is that leaving the euro would probably only happen after a Greek debt default and the sort of widespread financial panic we're more used to seeing in countries like Argentina and Zimbabwe (or Britain and the US for a few days last year). If Athens failed to borrow new money without support from the EU and could not cut its spending fast enough, the Greek government might feel it had no choice but to refuse to pay back existing debts instead. So-called sovereign defaults have happened before (most noticeably in Russian in 1998) and are normally followed by a major devaluation of the currency to get the economy going again and compensate for the complete collapse of international credibility.
But if Greece decided to devalue, it would need to do more than simply start printing new drachmas and walk away from its sovereign debt. It would also need to do something about the euro-denominated debt of its own citizens and companies. Larger companies and banks might choose to default too, but as Dubai found, this cure can be worse than the disease. In the case of consumer debt, banks would need to be encouraged to convert euro mortgages into new drachmas at an agreed exchange rate - once again, probably at enormous political and economic cost.
Just as both drachma and euro were simultaneously legal tender at a fixed exchange rate during the beginning, there would need to be a phased replacement of the euro with new drachmas during the exit - a process that would need to be supervised by an institution like the International Monetary Fund or, at the very least, the European Central Bank.
Foreign holders of euros have less cause for worry, but Greek savers might be nervous about the creditworthiness of their banks during this fraught process: Russian household deposits, for example, were all but wiped out by its devaluation. But in the long run, devaluation is not an inconceivable option. As researchers at the Centre for Economic and Policy Reasearch note in a recent paper about similar problems in Latvia (which is pegged less formally to the euro), the lessons from history are not all grim.
Argentina's currency collapse was combined with a record $100 billion default on its debt, and a collapse of the financial system. The consensus opinion was that the Argentine economy would be in serious trouble for years to come. There were also predictions of hyperinflation. However, after the default and currency collapse in January 2002, the Argentine economy contracted for only one quarter.
There is much that the [Latvian] government could do to mitigate the damage from a devaluation. It could allow households who borrowed in foreign currency for their mortgages to redenominate these debts into local currency at the pre-devaluation fixed rate, as was done in Argentina. In the housing sector, this redenomination could be limited to owner-occupied housing, and the amount of coverage could be limited to the price of the median home, or some additional fraction above that. Of course such a plan would imply losses for the banks holding these mortgages; however the government could subsidize these losses as necessary to share some of the burden. If a devaluation is done in a planned way, rather than holding the peg until it collapses under a speculative attack, a better outcome is likely.
Strangely, we can find little in the way of more concrete analysis about how Greece might cope with what undoubtedly remains a doomsday scenario, but perhaps it's time for someone to start.
Posted by
