
adopt a penguin - THE penguin adoption seen on BBC TV and Animal Planet
adopt a penguin and help protect wild penguins. Adopt a penguin, choose a name for your penguin, and you will receive reports and photos of your own special penguin. Your money will be used to monitor your adopted penguin, which will help us to learn about penguins in the wild and help our work to protect penguins.
   
   
    
adopt a penguin - give it a name - help save a penguin - the perfect gift for any animal lover
We are the ONLY penguin adoption that gives each adoptee their very own penguin. Other adopt a penguin programmes send photos and news of the same penguin to many adoptees. If you can't choose the name, you are not adopting your own penguin. Visitors welcome.
In 2009 our work featured in BBC TV's highly acclaimed series EXPLORE
(www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00hcgtq)
View documentary about our work on YouTube (www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOeqFlnn0JU)
Who doesn't love penguins? Who wouldn't want one of their own? Adopt a penguin, tell us what you want to call your penguin, and we will send you regular news and photos of your penguin's progress. You will also receive a digital copy of Mike Bingham's book "The Penguins of South America", and we will even send you a map to show you exactly where your penguin lives, in case you ever want to visit (Visitors are welcome).
Your penguin's home (nest) will be given a special marker with the name you have chosen for your penguin, and we will follow the progress of your penguin, and send you news and pictures of your penguin, its home, some of its friends, and its chicks when they hatch. All for just $55 per year.
Adopt a Penguin makes a perfect gift for adults or children, or an interesting school project that will help children to learn about penguins in an interesting and entertaining way. The information we send out about each adopted penguin is tailored to the age of the adoptee, so that it will be educational as well as fun. The adoption fee pays for us to monitor our adopted penguins, so that we can learn how they live, and help protect them. You will see from other pages on this web site that our penguin research is internationally acclaimed, and that your money will be put to good use.
The cost of adoption is US$55 per year, but there is no obligation to renew if you choose not to, and there is no automatic rebilling. We offer two easy payment options:
2. PAYPAL users can CLICK HERE to pay with PAYPAL
BEWARE OF IMITATORS: Because it is illegal to mark the actual penguin, the only way to identify your particular penguin is to mark its burrow, and Magellanic penguins are the only penguins living in burrows. (They are very cute as you can see from the pictures above). Organisations offering adoption of other species are not giving you your own penguin. With no way to identify each penguin amongst a colony of hundreds, they are in fact sharing one penguin with lots of adoptees. We are the ONLY organisation offering you your OWN wild penguin, which is why you get to choose your penguin's name, and why we welcome visitors wishing to meet their own special penguin.
