Once our currency is tossed into the ‘basket’
with the others, the purchasing power of the
Dollar will be diluted by (75%)?  Once the
dollar is devalued, living in America will be
no different than living in Mexico…..the
currency will be virtually worthless, won’t buy
anything, and we’ll all be living day-to-day
hoping to sell a pair of used shoes on the
street corner in order to eat that day.
MontgomeryScott
Yes, Indeed…
The Titanic, all right!
The JP Morganesque banksters have initiated QE2, and then the English are trying to bail out the Irish…and WHERE is the extra cash flowing into the ‘world’ economy from the FED going to end up? (GEE, is it going to be the multinational banking system?)
They are in the Grand Salon of the Titanic, deciding which chairs will be the most comfortable to be in, as the ship sinks lower in the water…and the iceberg known as the BIS/IMF twins are calmly floating nearby…
This financial aspect is only one of many…
How about politics? What did you think of Putin going to Germany, and telling Merkel that he wanted to support the Euro, and pledging to try to create a ‘new’ greater European economic bloc, with enhanced ‘trade’ with Russia? Say, aren’t Russia and China new-found friends?
I WONDER why the DHS/TSA has announced that they want to streamline the travel ‘process’ by introducing those IRIS SCAN machines? (beats the heck out of naked body scanners, DOESN’T IT?)
I think I see a pattern forming…
trailblazer
November 27th, 2010 at 4:19 pm · Reply
Whats collapsing? Investors losing faith? for that matter Grman Mark has come back from lowest value after unification so has british pound. One time gold was considered to be dead investments by Central Banks and sold off. Evrytime economists say its different but nothing really changes. excess liquidity will have excess volatility but writing off any currency is farfetched. When 12 members of EURO area find it to hot to handle single montory policy through single currency how one has idea of single currency for whole world.
lostinmissouri
November 27th, 2010 at 9:59 pm · Reply
The entire history of fiat currencies all end the same way….default and collapse of that currency.  The dollar and euro will not be any different.
If the euro collapses, then each nation of the EU can simply go back to their national currency. I am not saying it will be an easy go back, but that is what will happen. Germany may do it anyway.
When the dollar collapses, the U.S.A. will print a “NEW” dollar,  to be exchanged for the old dollars, at some predetermined exchange rate.  Again, not an unpainful event.
It is not the end of the world or country.  Many nations have gone through this….most recently Zimbabwe, USSR, Argentina….to name a few.
I read that if USA changed the dollar to red instead of green and gave a limited time to exchange green for red…..many of the worlds green dollars, would never be changed and simply expire……a beautiful way to default and claim it isn’t our fault.
Mike Tanco
November 27th, 2010 at 10:47 pm · Reply
I have some great ideas. Number one: Stop all foreign aid to countries that refuse to form their own Democracy and work trade agreements with the United States. Number two: Refuse financial assistance to anyone that is not a citizen of this country. Those on welfare have two years to become skilled in something that can contribute to our work force. Number three: Instead of giving money to companies to bail them out, give every citizen over 50 a million dollars and allow them to retire. This would open up jobs and stimulate our economy.                        Mike Tanco
MontgomeryScott
Yes, Indeed…
The Titanic, all right!
The JP Morganesque banksters have initiated QE2, and then the English are trying to bail out the Irish…and WHERE is the extra cash flowing into the ‘world’ economy from the FED going to end up? (GEE, is it going to be the multinational banking system?)
They are in the Grand Salon of the Titanic, deciding which chairs will be the most comfortable to be in, as the ship sinks lower in the water…and the iceberg known as the BIS/IMF twins are calmly floating nearby…
This financial aspect is only one of many…
How about politics? What did you think of Putin going to Germany, and telling Merkel that he wanted to support the Euro, and pledging to try to create a ‘new’ greater European economic bloc, with enhanced ‘trade’ with Russia? Say, aren’t Russia and China new-found friends?
I WONDER why the DHS/TSA has announced that they want to streamline the travel ‘process’ by introducing those IRIS SCAN machines? (beats the heck out of naked body scanners, DOESN’T IT?)
I think I see a pattern forming…
Chris
November 28th, 2010 at 9:53 am · Reply
I have consistently predicted,financial,property collapses since the eighties.Unfortunately experience has shown me that a telling proof is found when expressing my views to people involved in the industry wether they be estate agents,stock brokers,or financial advisors.I dont know any Politicians though i suspect the reaction would be the same.They always seem to not have physicaly registered what I have said.and If I press them on the matter,eventually their reasoning circles around the point of what I am suggesting “cannot happen”.30 years later and now we are familiar with the phrase “to big to fail”.
for the last ten years I have been observing the approaching Tsunami of the end of money.you know ,it doesent have to signify the end of civilization ,but could instead become the chaos from which a new truly global civilization could spread.unfortunately the chances of this  happening seem impossible to
anyone who has been brainwashed and coherced to accept what passes for the wisdom and intelligence of our leaders.
we are all in this together as inhabitants of possibly the only planet ever that supports such a magnificent cornocopia of life.
Time to consider perhaps that a new golden age for humanity is a possibility.are we in this for ourselves at the expense of a truly dark age for “the other”,or would we risk everything to bring noble purpose to our planet,and food shelter and protection to all
please take a look here for an alternative. http://humanitytest.org/
zack
November 29th, 2010 at 1:55 am · Reply
If the dollar and euro both collapse suddenly our economic system will break down, wage and price controls will be imposed by politicians desperate to stay in power. There will shortages for food and other necessities as they trade on the black market for barter or for sound money – foreign currencies backed by tangible assets or small denominations of precious metals. From that point, it’s anyone’s guess whether or not we’ll end up with a totalitarian Zimbabwe-style failed state or whether liberty will prevail.
We help Americans find jobs and prosperity in Asia. Visit http://www.pathtoasia.com/jobs/ for details.
tyler
November 29th, 2010 at 4:35 am · Reply
The way the currency market is rigged if the euro goes down the dollar goes up.  I might be too simple minded on this issue but I don’t see how it’s possible for both currencies to crash at the same time.  eur/usd
November 29th, 2010 at 12:30 pm · Reply
“They” are attacking the individual piigs through their bonds until a full euro crises occurs bringing the euro close to parity with the US dollar then attack US bonds and treasuries so both begin to collapse in unison then introduce bancor or equivilent world currency as the tribulation begins. Folks there is a reason the bible never seems to fade away. It is HIS-STORY(history)and we are living out the last book and its chapters.
jesse
December 1st, 2010 at 5:21 am · Reply
Why do we still follow a governmental system that was made “for the people” during an age of time that the only means of communication was a man with a bag on horseback?  The time has come for the people to represent the people. We can save trillions without congress and senators, we can vote on our own laws on a daily basis, we can do without politics, we can become Americans once again.
Liberty is Utopia
December 1st, 2011 at 3:53 am · Reply
My friend, We all have neighbors who have strong opinions wholly based on misinformation they heard somewhere and will not spend 10 minutes looking for the facts.  I’m not a fan of where government has evolved, by any means, but since “we” do not take the  time to thoroughly vet candidates- what makes us think “we” would thoroughly vet hundreds of issues a year?  This was a specific concern of the founders and the legitimate reason for a republic rather than straight democracy – they thought we should fear the gang mentality. I have no interest in government by the hyped.
carmen
Watch “Confessions of an economic hitman” on you tube.  US has malignant narssasitic mentality. They have used these tactics on third world countries to gain control and power.  Not so much fun when these tactics are used on you. Karma
Tim
December 1st, 2010 at 5:10 pm · Reply
People will still need to trade for things locally when there is a currency collapse. The urgency to trade will initially result in local bartering and the use of existing acceptable, commonly available, and recognizable coinage to trade with.
Initially people will use their national coins, yes, I know they don’t contain much value any more. The point is they do contain SOME intrinsic value, compared to the paper currency issued. Some coins will have higher value based on content, for example US Nickels, and pre-1982 pennies. These and similar coins will naturally rise to their current true value with the sinking paper.
Then there are national silver and gold coins, bars, and “melt” metals. These will become more valuable as paper notes drop until precious metal in all it’s forms easily could provide the basis for local commerce. I know many knowledgeable people have said that there isn’t enough gold or silver to cover all the debt… but that doesn’t take into account the rise in value of gold & silver in a collapse, along with the bankruptcies & outright repudiation of debt that will drop in value to meet the rising metals.  Eventually TRUSTED local storage facilities will evolve to hold these ever increasing in value metals safely, and as a result they will of course issue receipts.
These receipts or “Bills” will eventually become the most easily used, convenient local tender. In this matter most would prefer to actually see the bills, so a plastic card wouldn’t represent a trusted means of exchange right away. In time, confidence will rise to where I could see plastic could replace, but not eliminate altogether paper bills.
So, as far as I can see, a collapse will result in the localization of banking, not the “world” currency predicted. That currency would need to provide the ability to trade value with local currency reliably.
Reliability, or “Confidence” would have to be great before any world currency could take hold. I seriously would question any effort to legislate such confidence, as would I suspect most of you.
Nichoas
December 1st, 2010 at 8:11 pm · Reply
Correct, believe it or not all these unpleasant moments will have to happen and we can not do anything to change that day from coming….it will be like a thief in the night. Get mentaly and physicaly prepared because the time is near, we are already in a survival crisis and its getting worser much worser to an extend that is unthinkable for a big part of the whole global population arround the world, we all going to be effected worldwide.May the lord bless all of us to see and act wize when that day comes
Charles Mollison
December 2nd, 2010 at 12:09 pm · Reply
For those Australians reading this site, I offer the following.
We can sit on our hands hoping for the best and watch the “powers that be” make our lives increasingly miserable – or we can do something to secure an even better standard of living than we now have.
We have to extract Australia from the international financial debacle over which we have no control.
How do we do that?
First we have to “unfloat” the Australian dollar. That is, we have to fix the value of the Australian dollar against a basket of, say 20 other currencies.
Second we have to remove from private banks the power to create money and restore that power to a recreated, Publicly owned, Central Bank. (Just like the original Commonwealth Bank we had in the 1920s.)
Thirdly, we have to reform our system of government and our electoral system to ensure that future politicians and governments are accountable – that is, if they don’t perform as required we recall them and hold a fresh election.
Fourthly, we could support the introduction of an international currency that would have no value in any nation’s internal affairs but would be the currency used in all international transactions. Penalties would apply to any nation that did not keep their international dealings in balance and this would be administered by a NOT FOR PROFIT BANK OF INTERNATIONAL SETTLEMENTS.
Liberty is Utopia
December 1st, 2011 at 3:34 am · Reply
So many good comments… Question tho:  Germany (stable economy with deep memory of the consequences of fiat folly) is realizing that aligning itself contractually with irresponsible governments (unable/unwilling to avoid economic destruction) only means they are left holding the bag for the stupid decisions of others whom they can neither control nor influence.  So why in the world would the US pledge it’s wealth generating capacity to secure the debts of those who will not limit their extravagance to the limits of their own means? Germany wants out- why would we want in?
December 2nd, 2011 at 5:10 am · Reply
Most of everything I’ve read seems to me to be an individual opinion of the problems that the world is suffering with. I believe that they are all right on with their views. I for one have little knowledge of the present world situtation, and should be more aware. I will improve my knowledge. It would be good if the majority of the people in the nation start to understand these problems before things turn bad. What I feel will happen first is a repete of the great depression, maybe worse. Perhaps things won’t be as bad if most people learn about these problems, and prepare for what ever comes our way. We all need to set aside our personal feelings of which party is right or wrong in the present government. We need to vote those out that are problem makers. We need to focus on who will be the best person to move this country forward in the right direction. They should focus on eleminating the debt, balancing the budget and work on problems we have now and those we will be facing in the future. The right person in my opinion does care about the country, and not looking for a bigger or a better position in a NWO.
