by Roberdin » Fri Aug 03, 2007 1:36 am
starware wrote:
I want to know why the English pound still exists? I know that England is officially part of the EU, which has its own currency of euros, so why does england still have its own currency? and wouldn't it be more economically sound to switch to the euro which is the currency of Europe rather than just one country?
Amongst other reasons, because the public do not like the idea of the Euro (about 75% of them are not in favour of its adoption) and because our business leaders and expert economists are advising us that it is not an economically sound path. The British pound exists because it is more suited to our economy than the Euro is. The pound has existed for far longer than the Euro, which has yet to weather any major crises so its true strength remains untested, and the British people are extremely stubborn, especially to pay for something that will give them almost no material advantage other than to save them two trips to the post office each year (to change currency). Interest rates for the Euro are adjusted by the European Central Bank. The interest rates on the pound are adjusted by the Bank of England's board of governors, who are now independent of the political system. This is widely seen as Gordon Brown's most successful act in his former post as Chancellor -- and he is not too willing to take control back from that board and give it to a bunch of bureaucrats somewhere in Europe, whose priorities are not to safeguard Britain's economy, but to try to encourage economic growth throughout Europe, potentially allowing suboptimal rates in certain areas. If inflation rises by more than three percentage points per year, the Bank of England's directors are, by law, required to write to the Chancellor of the Exchequer to explain why they have failed in their duty and how they intend to correct their errors. No such singular purposes exists for the European Central Bank.
When the pound was in the precursor to the Euro, the European Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM), this resulted in disaster. Effectively, each currency's exchange rate was locked to the others for a number of years prior to the conversion to a single currency, almost as a test. The pound entered the ERM in 1990 at this fixed rate, unfortunately set too high. By 1992, heavy speculation on the pound meant that it was worth far less than actually what the fixed rate represented; eventually, Britain was forced to withdraw from the system but wasted about £6 billion (~ US$12 bn at current prices) in gold trying to maintain her currency's status in the ERM. The system was later renamed by some as the "Eternal Recession Mechanism" due to the recession that Britain's temporary inability to adjust her own interest rates allegedly deepened. We have little desire unnecessarily to repeat this.
The other concern is that support for the EU after this constitution -- erm, reform treaty (which turned out to be almost identical to the aforesaid EU Constitution) -- is probably at an all time low in Britain. There is a big feeling here than the EU is just a big organisation that takes billions of pounds out of our economy and spends it on moving bureaucrats around, and in return we get thousands of unnecessary regulations fostered on us: the French have even changed its aim to create a "single market", so that it is no longer subject to the qualifier "where competition is free and undistorted", leaving many to ask the question, "then what is it for anyway?" There is, apparently, a sentiment in Europe that our membership is to be taken for granted. However, anyone who reads the British papers will know that while we have no intention to leave the EU, our enthusiasm for the project is steadily dipping. There is a growing group who look at Switzerland, who, thanks to their remarkably foresighted Constitution, are legally forbidden from full political membership in the EU, yet are able to trade, and think, "why can't we just freely trade goods without having to become part of this superstate?" Pushing in the Euro would have been very difficult at any time in the last ten years; now it must be an impossibility. While the "Right Honourable" Gordon Brown may claim that no referendum is necessary for such a little treaty, the opposition parties are taking a firmer and firmer stance against it; it is far from certain that it will even be ratified by our Parliament. If any party even floated the idea of adopting the Euro, they would likely be committing political suicide.
however with a pound I'd think it would help the brittish economy because its money is worth so much more and you wouldn't be so separate from the European market.
The Euro is worth so much more than the pound? Strange then, that one pound is worth nearly one and a half Euros . Strange, also, that London is the largest trading market in Europe. (Though admittedly, both Euros and dollars are traded in greater volume than pounds.)
In summary, there is no economic case here in favour of the Euro; certainly not one large enough to merit the cost of making this change, both financially and in our lost culture.
Kevin Clark wrote:
A lot of people would like to keep imperial measurements too but we've had to change them. Anyone over the age of about 45 has to either learn or convert. I don't see why we can't have both. Kids are taught metric at school so in a couple of generations everyone will be metric but I don't see why we can't have dual labelling for older people who don't get it. My mum has no idea how much a kilo or a metre is.
Thanks to my physics A-Level I have a fair idea of the length of a kilometre or the mass of a kilogram, but I do not find them a "natural" unit system to use. If I'm weighing myself and the scales are set in kilograms (a rarity in my household) I mentally convert them to stones and pounds out of habit. Kilograms are for abstract mathematical or physical problems as far as I'm concerned, they are no use to me in the real world. My milk is not "1.893 litres" as the plastic bottle proudly declares, but rather, the "(Four pints)" written in slightly smaller letters beneath. Any one who comes out of school unable to understand, from common experience, how long a yard is, probably never went to the lessons on metric measures anyway. Besides, while he was skipping that maths period, he'll no doubt have been enjoying a small fraction of one ounce.
Oh, and finally:
Nicholas the Italian wrote:
(PS: also, I can't stand British drivers. How do they get the license? I've no idea. They all drive the wrong way. Everyone. Ugh.
)
They don't. They get a licence.
Roberdin
