Dixie Dogs
What are Dixie Dogs?
Dixie Dogs are transported from overcrowded shelters in Southern states   (such as Kentucky and Alabama) so they can receive a second chance   at a new life—here in New England!
Why does Dakin have Dixie Dogs?
As the birthplace of the animal welfare movement in the United States, New England is ahead of pack in resolving its dog overpopulation crisis.
Twenty years ago, nearly 6,000 puppies flooded the five MSPCA animal shelters throughout the state of Massachusetts. In 2004, only 400 puppies came in to those same shelters. Clearly, New Englanders have received the all-important message about not allowing their companion dogs to roam or breed.
This is not to say that animal shelters in New England are empty.   Only that they are emptier.
Dogs continue to need rescue—caretakers fall ill or die, unforeseen   emergencies separate families, behavior or health problems become   too much for unprepared people—all of these circumstances continue   to cause many dogs to arrive at local shelters. Animal control officers   continue to pick up and care for unclaimed stray dogs.
The need for dog shelters continues to exist. But the New England   overpopulation emergency for dogs has passed.
Not true in many areas of the South and Midwest. Animal shelters   in many counties in these areas take in thousands of dogs and puppies   every year—dogs and puppies who are healthy, friendly family   pets—and euthanize nearly all of them. Transporting these dogs   and pups to shelters in New England is their only chance at life.
What about cats?
Animal shelters in New England may have won one battle against pet   overpopulation, but we are far from winning the war. Cat overpopulation   continues to take thousands of lives each year in the Pioneer Valley   region alone.
Why cats and not dogs? People tend to confine their dogs, but allow   their cats to roam at will. Dogs are only in heat twice a year, but   cats come into heat more often, nearly continuously, if they haven’t   mated. Large populations of feral cats roam the streets and barnyards   of our fair state. Their kittens are often rounded up and brought   to animal shelters—or, worse, take good homes away from kittens   already in shelters.
The fact is, New England, along with the rest of the United States,   is still killing its unwanted cat population at an alarming rate.
Dakin is working hard to reduce the homeless cat population. We have   many different spay/neuter assistance programs available to help   reduce our local cat population. Until a surplus of homeless cats   and kittens are no longer entering our shelters, we will not import   cats from other states.
What's cool about the Dixie Dog program?
It saves dogs' lives.
Our Dixies are specifically   chosen for their soft, gentle temperaments.
We are able to match Dixies   with local families who are looking for a loving family dog and want   to save a life by adopting rather than buying from a pet store. To   learn more about the harm done by stores that sell puppies and the   puppy mills that supply them, visit Stop Puppy Mills .
We help our Southern partner shelters by sending them supplies     they desperately need to help local dogs while providing much-needed     financial support that helps them gradually improve conditions     for their local dogs.
