Cranmer: The Germans are not as stupid or as euro-fanatical as their leaders
Wednesday, May 23, 2012
The Germans are not as stupid or as euro-fanatical as their leaders
And in this attribute, the Germans are just like the British. Against their will, at the behest of conspiratorial élite powers, they abandoned their fortified Deutschmark to enter a currency union with Europe’s basket cases. And ever since, the hardworking German taxpayer has been subsidising and supporting the idle, indolent and delinquent. And they will do so for decades if not centuries ahead, with absolutely no choice in the matter.
Here follows a letter from Dr Hans Penner to German MPs. Thanks to Rodney Atkinson for the translation, who writes: ‘Dr Penner is not an economics expert, but he clearly understands far more than any German politician - and certainly more than the purblind Chancellor Merkel who is driving Europe to destruction.’
Dipl.-Chem. Dr. rer. nat. Hans Penner, Linkenheim-Hochstetten 22.05.2012
To the Members of the German Parliament
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen,
The recent election in North Rhein-Westphalia must be seen as a referendum on Mrs Merkel's European policy. Only 15% of those entitled to vote voted for that policy.
1. The calls by Mrs Merkel for savings and cuts are a deceit. Under her Government Germany's National Debt rose and to support other corrupt states it is to rise by a further 190 billion Euros.
2. Mrs Merkel wants to transfer German budget sovereignty to a non controllable foreign fiscal authority. That is against the German Constitution.
3. Mrs Merkel wants to abolish the Federal Republic of Germany and integrate it into a centrally controlled European State which will be characterised by a Fiscal dictatorship. This is also against the German Constitution.
4. Mrs Merkel seeks to burden Germany with the debts of corrupt European States. This is against the terms of the Maastricht Treaty.
5. Mrs Merkel's contention that taking on such a liability would further economic growth is an illusion.
6. Mrs Merkel is splitting Europe into a Euro Europe and a non Euro Europe she is thereby driving a wedge between Germany and Great Britain.
7. Mrs Merkel's policies have caused political chaos in Greece and extreme anti-Germanism.
8. Greek elections have totally rejected Mrs Merkel's European policies.
9. French elections have totally rejected Mrs Merkel's European policies.
10. Mrs Merkel shows despotic tendencies and ignores the warnings of experts and economists.
Christian Democrat politicians have been misled by Mrs Merkel and have no idea what the anti-democratic and authoritarian ESM (European Stability Mechanism) actually means. Let us hope there are sufficient MPs who will understand and vote against the ESM.
Yours etc
