soundoff (229 Responses)
UnbiasedMann
What Great Britain is failing to realise is that the world is changing and segmenting into large blocs.  You have the US, China, Russia, India, Brazil, and the EU.  Those are and will continue to be the dominating forces in the World.  By alienating itself from the EU, Great Britain is risking becoming irrelevant on a global scale.  With that irrelevance comes a loss of influence for getting what they want in the future.  I believe today's shortsightedness will cost Great Britain dearly in the decades to come.
December 9, 2011 at 11:33 am |
Christian Ellul
There are other island nations besides the UK, although very small and cannot be compared to the UK, Malta and Cyprus are the other two island nations forming part of the eurozone. As this article seems to incorrectly imply that the UK is the only island nation in the EU.
December 9, 2011 at 11:37 am |
Bruno
S&P downgrades UK to junk status. S&P upgrades Europe to AAA.
December 9, 2011 at 11:37 am |
Bruno - is a fool.
December 9, 2011 at 11:41 am |
nuru
Mrs Cameron i does not have to suit your opinion or favours your country alone. This an opinion for the entire continents , the eu members i mean.
December 9, 2011 at 11:48 am |
Jack Randall
Hate to break it to you Bruno but the opposite is actually happening.
December 9, 2011 at 11:49 am |
Jeff
Two tier Europe again? Nobility and peasants...sounds as if Europe is headed back to familiar territory.
December 9, 2011 at 11:52 am |
Shiva B.
letting the core EU countries decide on tax treaties for countries that don't use the currency seems quite impractical.  Granted that Mr. Cameron might be doing his best to appease the nationalists (what word do you use for a combination of Tories and the liberal democrats?), but for UK to subject itself to decisions where it wouldn't be in a position to influence treaties would be painful in the long term.
December 9, 2011 at 11:58 am |
Does it matter
It sounds like Europe is going back to 1500 AD for some mysterious economic reasons. This will have catastrophic consequences. Money is the thing that will drive one crazy and take down to the nadir.
December 9, 2011 at 12:06 pm |
John McD
The article is mis-informed. There was no requirement for the UK to sign up to the fiscal controls that the Eurozone wanted internally. All that was asked was that the UK agree to let the Eurozone keep those arrangements within the EU framework. They refused not because they didn't want those restrictions (they would not have applied to them anyhow) but because they wanted assurances on future issues. Somewhat akin to arriving at your neighbours burning house where they ask for help and you say... only if you let me borrow your lawnmower next Summer...
December 9, 2011 at 12:10 pm |
Victor
Stricter budget policy from the Stability and Growth Pact SGP can be placed for the 17 Euro Members according to Enhanced Cooperation.
December 9, 2011 at 12:14 pm |
Victor
EU Member States may request Enhanced Cooperation in areas covered by the Treaties, with the exception of areas of exclusive Union competence. The Commission will assess the request and it may submit a proposal to the Council in this respect. If the Commission decides not to present a proposal, it will explain its reasons to the Member States concerned.
If the Commission presents a proposal, the authorisation to proceed with the enhanced cooperation is then granted by the Council after obtaining the consent of the European parliament.
December 9, 2011 at 12:14 pm |
Andrew
Does Cameron really think that the UK alone has any chance in the world? Against the US, the EU, China & co.? If so, than we will soon see the total end of the British "empire" as we know it. Have the British people never heard about "globalization"? Fools!
December 9, 2011 at 12:15 pm |
Victor
There is no need of UK involvement if the 17 proceed to launch ENHANCED COOPERATION!!!
December 9, 2011 at 12:15 pm |
Abhiram Modak
It is hard to say at this point in time whether Britain will suffer in the long term or not, but it is quite likely. I am not sure if Scotland can or will tomorrow join the 'EU Ltd'. If that happens it is effectively disintegration of UK itself. One thing is clear though when the UK politicians are talking about UK they are actually only talking about London!
December 9, 2011 at 12:18 pm |
Victor
The UK is heavily indebted in terms of fiscal policy and on top of that the public deficit is outside EU norm. Of course, UK does not want to comply with Stability and Growth Pact. So what, the 17 can cope with that, if the 17 follow enhanced cooperation to make the SGP automatically stricter.
December 9, 2011 at 12:19 pm |
Miss Demeanor
So in a nutshell...all that remain of the british empire is a money-laundering offshore banking industry and a fear of German domination? Sounds like the dark ages are returning to their clammy island nation. Well done old chaps.
December 9, 2011 at 12:20 pm |
Victor
The UK can print money out of nothing in order to cover public deficits BUT the 17 Euro countries cannot!!!
December 9, 2011 at 12:22 pm |
kazan
From the start the UK and some others were not pro Euro, whether or not they were right is not relevant at this stage, now that the Euro is in trouble we can't expect them to be pro new measures to save the Euro. I believe that the leaders of the Euro zone are more committed to save the Euro, and are looking for long term solution.
December 9, 2011 at 12:25 pm |
Andrew
Ahah... "the UK can print money out nothing in order to cover public deficits". A nice joke (I hope you're not serious!).
December 9, 2011 at 12:26 pm |
Edd
The problems for Cameron are simple really, he is the prime minister of a country that is not allowed a referendum on being part of Europe as it will vote No, so with this background he cannot just give in. Also the transaction tax to help prop up the euro that we are not a part of will take most of it's money from our tax revenue rather than from Euro member countries, at least not to the same degree. That’s the same as us asking for a tax on German manufacturing or French farming to help the pound. The European Union can’t even have its own accounts signed off and yet wants to have power of the member stated accounts with the power to punish as well!?!?! I am against joining the euro but I think we should try to help. I don’t think we should be dragged in to paying for it though, we have already pumped money in to the IMF I believe to help. We shall see how the Euro countries get on being run by Germany and France as that appears to be what’s happening, all members are equal but some are more equal than others it seems.
December 9, 2011 at 12:32 pm |
Christopher
Stu@1215, I think your comment is uncalled for. I think its fine to disagree with someone's views but I'm sure you wouldn't say the same if Nina was a guy, would you? I bet you wouldn't have the guts to say the same face to face but hey, its easy to hide behind the web.
Moving to the topic of the article, I think it's about time the UK realised that they are increasingly becoming a bit player in the world economy. Of all the "major" powers that have declined in the last 100 years or so, the UK leads the pack. The only "hope" European countries had was to unite to give themselves a fighting chance but I guess the UK simply cannot bear the fact that they are far from the pre-eminent power in the world, they are not even number one in Europe anymore so essentially if anyone puts forth an idea, they will reject it if it isn't one of their own. So long, you were a great country!
December 9, 2011 at 12:35 pm |
radekk
United Kingdom should be excluded from the European Union immediately. UK wants to take full advantage of the European Union but does not want to give anything in return. If they block the development of Europe, let him leave in the shadow of Europe.
Conservative in his views in Cameron moves away from a united Europe.
Credit rating agencies unduly reduce the credibility of the subsequent members of the european union.
Well, but United States of America must find a place somewhere for freshly printed banknotes, and the deliberate reduction in the value of the euro against the dollar heavily helps them do that (using the rating agencies, of course). You will also recalled that during the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy had the highest rating of AAA.
So this is how some people have power in the form of manipulation of national currencies.
I will only add that the UK can not afford to join the euro zone because of its actual debt (including debts and companies) reaches almost 500% of GDP ...
December 9, 2011 at 12:45 pm |
Hiru_KSA
@Christian Ellul
I guess you need to improve your concentration while reading. This article does not say that UK is the ONLY ONE nation EU, instead it mentiones that UK is the BIGGEST island nation in EU. Try to distinguish between ONLY and BIGGEST.
December 9, 2011 at 12:47 pm |
Loya
There is one £    against 17 € + 6  ready for Compact € Treaty. The descendants of Ex Empire can not bear to see vanishing of black bowler hats,  umbrellas in hand in The CIty (London Exchange): English Brokers. Losing 11% of GDP by  €s taking the Clearing House to Brussel can not be digested Brits.. My enigma is why an non Euro  £  Country in a distant Island should  rip the cream of how Euro Countries handle their own currency and finance in Main Land. Its time for Cameron to go back home and play with his  £. His Tory Party had always hated EU. He will get Hero's welcome isolating itself from gang of bullies and beggars. By the way a message to Tories: Empire has been snuffed out long back. No free food and gold ships from Colonies. Ask Lords to work with own hands like Germans do.
December 9, 2011 at 12:50 pm |
Carlie Chap
The issue for Britain is that if the EU introduce more reforms and taxes on financial services, Britan will essentially be bailing out Europe when we (I live in London) are struggling here ourselves.  France and Germany know the gains they can milk from the British financial sector and we already pay more than we gain to the EU. I don't think we are acting selfish, we are merely defending ourselves from in many ways, an attampt to tax Britain (who have previously refused to bail out EU countries). We are the financial capital on the EU, so any tax on finances is really a tax on Britain.
December 9, 2011 at 12:50 pm |
Dhillon
Euro should adopt US currency.
December 9, 2011 at 12:52 pm |
Anjouan
Am I the only one who thinks that David Cameron may be representing the City of London and English banking interests rather than the interests of the United Kingdom?  They are not always the same thing.....
December 9, 2011 at 12:53 pm |
Baz
This is just the beginning. There is more to this than just the financial side of things. Britain does not want to be controlled by some super state that tells us what we can and can't do. We already have too many rules that we have to abide by, this is the first step in telling the EU that we want to run our own country, that we want to make our own decisions and not be controlled by a majority decision by other countries.
I'm all for the EU, but there needs to be a balance between national interests and the bigger picture.
December 9, 2011 at 1:03 pm |
OrangeJuice
Radekk,
The UK is the 2nd largest net contributor to the EU, so of course when you say that it doesn't give anything in return, is utter nonsense.  The Brits are second only behind Germany, a country with 22 million people more.
This treaty was effectively a tax on a non-Euro country to pay for the debts of the Euro.  How about a tax on the $ to pay for the yen?  Madness.  80% of the money raised would have come from a Non-Euro country, to prop up the Euro.  The other 20% would have come from 26 other countries.  In no way was this fair.  There was nothing else that would disproportionately hit a single country in this way.  It was Franco-German bullying at its best.
The UK has always been unpopular in Europe, it's nothing new.  It will be forever more.  We're used to it, it's not pleasant but we've never given up our sovereignty as easy as others seem to.  We've always had an un-easy relationship with Europe, we're a pain in the backside because we don't agree to go in head first for every crazy proposal presented to us.  Remember, this is all about closer union tied to a failing currency.... and we're attacked for questioning it.  Also, the people of Europe have still not been asked, this isn't the free, liberal, 21st Century democracy that Europe was meant to be... it's something far more sinister.
Geographically we Brits are European, mentally and culturally we are not European.  The only thing now is that the EU-23 get even closer, with their books presented to Germany before they present to the public, and that the UK will have a referendum to get out of the EU.
If the EU-23 are happy with this, good luck to them.  But don't begrudge a single nation for wanting different.  If we are nothing but a hindrance to the EU, then I'm sure it will be a win-win for all concerned.
December 9, 2011 at 1:10 pm |
Andrew
@Carlie Chap
If you would read the statistics about financial transactions (compared to the GDP and the number of inhabitants) in all the EU countries, you would see that number one is Germany, number two is the UK (but 43% of the financial transactions made in the UK are made by companies that are not British, so at the end the money doesn't stay in the UK).
December 9, 2011 at 1:10 pm |
Diesel Eyes
If the Europeans want to unify, they should copy the United States of America.  We have a system that works.  States have soveriegnity within their borders but not authority over inter-state commerce.  There are huge conflicts over "state's rights" ans whether the Federal government can mandate schools to be integrated, etc.  Some programs are Federal such as Pell grants to low-middle income college students.  States fund their own school systems.  States cannot wage wars or make treaties with foriegn nations.
If the Europeans want a United States of Europe, then fine and dandy but the Germans should consider they may be out-voted by everyone else.  And German tax money may flow into the hands of Greeks because the poor gang up on the rich!
December 9, 2011 at 1:12 pm |
Hmmm
Thats the problem, EU was originally (and should be) TRADE union, not some kind of federacy. I think most people are not interested in it. Especially when It would be basically few large countries dominating the rest.
December 9, 2011 at 1:14 pm |
The mission
When the UK joined the Common Market it joined to be part of a 'free trade' block. At no stage did the British people, want political or economic union. If a vote were called to join the Euro the vast proportion of the population would vote 'no'. The British people also did not want to cede governance to Brussels. This has happened and there is a massive backlash. We want to retain our sovereignty and our freedom. We do not wish to be part of an unelected or acountable socialist oligarchy. Now the Germans, French and other quislings may enjoy being controlled Thats up to them! If there are consequences to leaving I welcome it because it's a hell of lot better than being part of the Forth Reich!
December 9, 2011 at 1:18 pm |
Neo
A good day for the real Europe, a bad day for the Brits! British influence and power is in decline..
December 9, 2011 at 1:21 pm |
John
UK descided for go on support the bankster instead of being part of a superior european future facing a globalized world! Foolish english people!
December 9, 2011 at 1:24 pm |
alerta
There will be a european federation within the next 10/20/30 years. With the rise of China, India and Brazil the Western World will have to face player which doesnt represent "western ideologies" they (India..) will be able to dictate smaller countries their rules (like the Western World do at the moment with Afrika/Asia). The Question is, do you want to be part of a european Federation that cares about the interest of their "Union-States" or China/India.. will rule your markets.
The thing about money is, that in the world there is always the rich once and the poor once. Not everybody can be rich.
December 9, 2011 at 1:24 pm |
radekk
If you are not tied to the UK and Europe – this is the craziest idea I ever heard.
Can you Brits really you want it, and still promotes the particular nation, separate from the rest of the world. Well, but the reality is completely different. Great Britain is in Europe and is mentally linked with Europe, and always will.
If the UK is not by. Europe is what you just have to say for example, the Poles (and other countries of central Europe) ... who are mentally different from the rest of Europe more than England from Greenland.
David Cameron is a conservative, nationalist politician, so his words did not surprise me. But I guess he forgot about it by signing the European Treaty agreed to adopt the Euro, the issue only when ... This can and should be in 200 years but the UK is not obliged to contest. Saying that the UK will never enter the euro zone breaks the law of the Union.
The British once again trying to play themselves, and to be desired once they were not disappointed on this approach.
Because British boasting already know. Even with World War II, where traitors were launched in Europe on the heroes. Their alliance pacts were broken on 1 September 1939 when he feared to declare war on a German
December 9, 2011 at 1:28 pm |
PJ
I don't believe Britain should be involved with the EZ at all. It was a disaster from the beginning and until they remove those countries which cheat, steal and lie the Euro is a bad investment. The Greeks especially would protest at any effiorts to make them pay their way.
December 9, 2011 at 1:30 pm |
Tars Tarkas
Relations between th EU and the UK are a two way street, as both need each other. Amongst many things, the EU needs the UK's oil and gas. Also, personally I'm deeply skeptical of the EURO as it is today, so I'm not entirely sure Cameron's decisions are wrong.
December 9, 2011 at 1:34 pm |
CJ
The US not made the difficult decisions either. The Politicians are scared to cut the sacred cow spending that will prevent them from getting re-elected.It is a shame the US Politicians care more about their job than what is best for the United States. Believe me, both parties in the USA are guilty of this. I support neither side on this issue.
December 9, 2011 at 1:34 pm |
Henk
" and most of the remaining 10 non-eurozone states on the other" CNN you liar. 8 of the 10 non Euro nations have indicated they are willing to go along with advancing a fiscal union with very strict rules and centralized power to oversee and correct.
December 9, 2011 at 1:38 pm |
The mission
I really don't understand what Radekk's point is. 'British once again trying to play themselves', I'm sorry. Britain is a sovereign country and can do what it damn well likes.  Not sure what your point is a you appear to have a really odd thought process and one hell of a stream on conciousness. Are you saying – Britain declared war on Germany in 1939 for no reason??? Hmm interesting if not bizarre thought process. Keep taking the medication.
December 9, 2011 at 1:41 pm |
The mission
'Superior european future facing a globalized world!' oh John you are silly are you not..... Go live in your fantastical wonderland.
December 9, 2011 at 1:44 pm |
Alexander Walker
I see this very simply.
The UK CANNOT possibly accept having a transaction tax. Our economy is largely based on banking and it would ultimately cost hundreds of thousands of jobs. Blame Germany and France for being so selfish that they wouldn't exempt the UK from it, this is a proper unfair poke in the eye for Britain, causing her to look selfish when in fact, she had no other choice.
December 9, 2011 at 1:46 pm |
Marty Aberdeen
Well said OrangeJuice!
And enough already with the "Britain no longer has an Empire blah blah".  Yes, we know! It seems like it's everyone else who keeps bringing this up.
December 9, 2011 at 1:46 pm |
Brad
Your british are dumb. My company rocks just because of my country luckily use the euro! We export into the whole EU taxfree, while countries like switzerland and UK are blocked from doing business with us, because of the high currency conversion..
Without the euro we would have like 20% less income!
I totaly love the euro!
December 9, 2011 at 1:47 pm |
anillusion
Britain could have been and should be in the Eurozone. There was no need for it to leave the Exchange rate mechanism but they panicked because the FX traders were targeting the pound but it would have recovered. This brings into question whether politicians who generally have little knowledge of economics should be put in charge of economic decisions. This was an opportunity for Cameron to change Britain's negative image among other EU countries but he blew it.
December 9, 2011 at 1:48 pm |
Tim Casey
I believe David Cameron, was correct in not signing such an agreement. Whilst in theory many of the countries are going along with this agreement, when they finally submit their budgets and have unelected bureaucrats in Europe having to agree their own fiscal policies.  In practice, many of the people within the countries such as Spain, Italy and Ireland will be appalled that these unelected people have to approve their budgets on spending such as health, education and other matters.  It is clear that David Cameron is very far sighted and he knows that there will be an enormous backlash from the various countries and they will not accept this dictate that has basically been put together by the Germans and cooked in France.  People are not stupid, and they will not allow this erosion of their sovereignty.
December 9, 2011 at 1:51 pm |
sting
I glad britain held firm, keeping there Sovereignty intact F the NWO
December 9, 2011 at 1:54 pm |
William Demuth
England is shifting towards a US allegiance and away from Europe..
Seems this has happened in the past!
December 9, 2011 at 1:55 pm |
Sam
You all seem to think that in Britain we are obsessed with the old empire and bitter that we no longer have one. I have to say that I don't think this is true at all, staying out of the Euro was one of the smartest things we did, just look at whats happened to it. Britain has already pumped a large amount of money into bailing out the Euro, just look at how much we loaned to Ireland. The issue is not one of pride its one of keeping sovereignty whilst remaining in an alliance that benefits all countries within it. This isn't the USA, the countries within Europe are very different and those that still can need to ability to manage themselves for the benefit of the whole continent. Taxing our large financial services to bail out a currency we are not part of is not in our interest so is it any wonder Cameron didn't sign the treaty?
December 9, 2011 at 2:00 pm |
Andrew
Forgetting the subject... what a terribly written article! Some sentences do not make any sense whatsoever.
December 9, 2011 at 2:01 pm |
Peter
Typically US approach to European politics. The US wants to force the UK into a fiscal and monetary union with Europe. Why? Why can't the US allow the UK to make it's own decisions for once as we have been very loyal supporters of the US. We've supported the US for so long and we fought alone until 1917 in the first world war and 1941 in the second world war so about time you gave us support instead of these useless comments that we should join European both monetarily and fiscally. I also can't stand so many any British comments on this web page. Everyone else hates the US apart from your natural friends and allies the British. About time some of the US people wised up to alienating Britain in this way. All these clichéd comments about lost Empire. We know already; shame you guys don't see your empire crumbling before your very eyes... At least we have the guts to make our own decisions without European involvement...
December 9, 2011 at 2:02 pm |
Ralf
It was just in the news, ALL other NON-EURO countries will accept the treaty! UK is totaly isolated!
December 9, 2011 at 2:02 pm |
Hmmm
I don't think it will be all Ralf.
December 9, 2011 at 2:05 pm |
Ahem!
I hate to point to the obvious here, but the underlying issue that has the UK pulling away are privildeges for their banking sector.  The banks will find some way to leave the UK hanging within 5 years.  Banks are no one's friends.
December 9, 2011 at 2:07 pm |
ryan o'connor
Theres no reason why the UK shouldn't leave europe, take norways example. The majority of people in the uk would opt out of europe if we got the oppertunity to do so! The european union is desperatly trying to stay together, i bet if you had a referendum on many countrys in the EU the majority of the people would opt out of the union. Well done to david cameron for finally standing up against this german-french dominated union!!
December 9, 2011 at 2:10 pm |
Andrew
I find Merkozy's politics very sinister:
They disliked Berlusconi (well who didnt?) and were instrumental in his downfall.
THey disliked the low Irish corporate tax rate....soon to go.
They were envious that London was the financial centre of Europe. It now looks ominous that Merkozy will use the power of the EU market to undermine London to global financial companies who wish to operate their.
As a Brit, I can say the UK have definately been outmanovoured and it is worrying to see what nasty tactics Merkozy have instore to undermine the UK financial services industry. Yes the financial sector was to blame and should be regulated but the motives of Merkozy seems more about building  strong financial centres in Frankfurt and Paris.
December 9, 2011 at 2:13 pm |
T
Well.....just ask Greece and Spain how they did under the Euro experiment.  It would have been best for them to devalue their own currencies since they can't compete with Germany/France. What exactly has the Euro done for the UK anyway? The UK has been better off devaluing its own currency and keeping its unemployment in check. What some have said is that the UK has isolated itself. More of the same useless rhetoric- that was said back when Euro started and now look!!!  Propping up the Euro will make its goods and services costly compared to relatively cheaper UK products based on its lower currency- it will do fine.
December 9, 2011 at 2:17 pm |
Bob
I live in a union of states where fiscal and monetary policy have been centralised since the 1700s. In this union there are clear economic differences between regions. Recently, there have been moves to DEVOLVE powers such as spending and taxation to certain member states.
Perhaps the EU could learn something from this union – the United Kingdom – instead of the knee-jerk tax-the-banks policies that they wish to impose on a fellow member.
December 9, 2011 at 2:19 pm |
James
@Andrew "Does Cameron really think that the UK alone has any chance in the world? Against the US, the EU, China & co.? If so, than we will soon see the total end of the British "empire" as we know it. Have the British people never heard about "globalization"? Fools!"
No Andrew, you are the fool. Our country has been ruined by the EU. Of course we know what globalisation is, we were the people who started it in the first place. What we need is to diversify our internests and expand our  exports to other countires, not just the EU. The UK does not need the EU and a 'partner', we have been used as a sponge to soak up Europes unwanted. No more, and things are changing and if it is done correctly, the UK could imerge to be a very strong nation. Remember, the Euro is flawed, it always has been. The slower countries will never be able to control thier own futures, all this has been done for France and Germany, no one else.
December 9, 2011 at 2:29 pm |
Ralf
@James
Andre is totaly right, but you Brits dont get the point. The world soon will have a population of 10 billion people.
How will UK (50 million people= compete with those nation blocks and population of billions of people.?
Your country has ruined itself by focus on the bankster (now protect them) and abolish the producing industrie!
December 9, 2011 at 2:36 pm |
Oliverson
You can just read the envy and hatred of Britain in many of these postings, which I actually find to be flattering.  Those posters don't state which country they come from but you can bet your bottom dollar (no pun intended) it is some feckless one.  If Britain is so finished, so washed up, why do migrants flock there in record numbers?  Why don't they just stay in beautiful Europe?  Benefits are one reason, I'll admit but let's be honest, England is the best country in the world with a fantastic history and without the shackles of Europe, a marvellous future.
December 9, 2011 at 2:43 pm |
Jaffacake
@Ralf
Why do you need a massive population to compete with large countries?  Germany was plenty successful before joining the eurozone – it didn't have a population of a billion people.  Australia, Canada, South Korea, Singapore, Switzerland have all been prosperous without having a huge population.  In fact, most countries have a population smaller than, or similar to, the UK population and many have been very successful.
We need to remove this idea that economic success and relatively modest populations are mutually exclusive things.
December 9, 2011 at 2:47 pm |
Andrew
Let's clarify. The UK has not left the EU-bloc and can still benefit from free trade within its market(albeit with the extra complexity of currency). It just has less influence in its direction. A lot can still happen. THe UK may become more successful, it may become more weaker. The Eurozone may have further political unrest as sovereignty is given to Germany and France. The French and German alliance might fracture. I do not think anyone can predict the outcome.
December 9, 2011 at 2:56 pm |
Jerome
I'm french. We've done so much with our European partners since the WWW II for building a new partnership, a new economy, so much. While that time British have worked so much alone, for its own interests. Apparently the game is nearly over for one part. Good luck Mister Cameron!
December 9, 2011 at 2:59 pm |
Kyle
I'm not sure this should even be called a "two-tiered" Europe, when the two-tiers are the 26 EU members and then the UK. Really this is just a backdoor way of Cameron and the Cons in the UK to get what they've always wanted, the UK out of the EU. Now the EU will move forwards to closer union leaving the UK out, creating more tension and more euro-scepticism in the UK. Not to mention this will create havoc in the UK, with pro-EU Scotland led by a majority separatist party (who by the way want Scotland to leave the UK and adopt the Euro). Appeals to protect London's financial industry don't carry any weight north of the border. Check mate David, you just handed the SNP exactly what they've wanted for more than a decade! In a year we'll be reading about the disintegration of the UK, not the EU.
December 9, 2011 at 3:01 pm |
A Brit
Lots of garbage on here about empires and bowler hats. The people of the UK simply want to run our own affairs and become a successful independent nation that trades with the whole world. We are friendly to the people of Europe and enjoy the culture but do not want the EU which is a monstrous pyramid of waste and unnecessary regulation. UK is contributing £6.7Bn per year with almost no return while our only remaining successful industry (business and financial services) is under attack from Brussels.
We may well lose influence in the corridors of power and not be part of a large block,   but to the average British person that does not matter. We have learned from history and aspire to be like Canada, Norway, Singapore and Switzerland – economically successful and politically independent rather than trying to dominate others and run the world.
December 9, 2011 at 3:04 pm |
Andrew
@Kyle "Appeals to protect London's financial industry don't carry any weight north of the border."
If only RBS stayed north of the border.
December 9, 2011 at 3:04 pm |
Pete
It is funny reading the comments here from people that do not live in the UK or even Europe talking about how the UK made a mistake and is a dead duck. To my fellow Americans, before you spout off about things you do not understand, look in the mirror and review the shape of America, the Brits have made a stand for what is best for there nation – good for them.
December 9, 2011 at 3:09 pm |
lolorofl
23 over 27 agreed on the fiscal-Union
3 will ask their parlament (hungary too, its in the news)
and what does UK? Cameron is worried about London! Maybe the english people should stop focusing about swapping money from on bank to another and start productin real goods. The best thing would be if the UK leaves the EU, soon scottland will probably splitt themselves up from the UK and what is left? London.
December 9, 2011 at 3:11 pm |
jackinlondon
Bravo Brave Prime Minister Cameron. This financial transactions tax will be a disaster. Ok, I know that the financials services industry are the villians Du JOUR, but let's think reasonably about this idea.
Essentially, a financial transactions tax – while it sounds small – will CRIPPLE trading, and therefore liquidity, at a time that liquidity is already highly scarce. One relialble factor that creates liquidity in a financial market is a narrow bid-offer spread; in layman's terms, the spread is the differential between the buying price (bid) and the selling price (offer). The smaller the spread, the more efficient the market.
Currently bid-offer spreads in more liquid corporate bonds are generally not much more than 25 basis points, often times even less than this. That means the differential between the bid for €1million worth of bonds, and the offer for the same €1million worth of bonds is €2,500. However, if this transaction tax is passed, that tax alone would be €1,000!!.
Trading will become ridiculously expensive and inefficient under this proposal, which will do nothing but serve to create less efficiency in the market, and wider bid-offer spreads, since the cost of the tax we be then built into the price.
Ultimately, it is the end user (ie funds, pensions, etc) who will pay the price for this wrong-headed policy, by failing to get more timely trade executions, paying more for an asset when they buy it in order to cover the cost of the transaction tax, and ultimately a poorer return on their money.
What a foolish and poor idea. The EU, always ridiculously willing to tax anything, could easily be what Ronald Reagan was talking about when he said "Government's view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it."
What a bad policy move. Good on David Cameron for standing tall. A hero for the modern age!
December 9, 2011 at 3:15 pm |
Jerome
@ Pete I'm right with you. What about the US debt and the specific californian debt? Bigger than the eurozone's one? Wait and see
December 9, 2011 at 3:16 pm |
Kyle
@A Brit – "We have learned from history and aspire to be like Canada" ... and Canada right now aspires to be listened to, trust me on that.
December 9, 2011 at 3:17 pm |
Mike
There seems to be alot of hatred for the UK on here just because it's decided not to allow Germany more power. We we all just have to wait to see how it turns out. But in the end the UK will have retained more of their own powers and be proud to call themselves a country than other EU states that has handed over their nations on a silver plater.
December 9, 2011 at 3:19 pm |
Lonewolf
@Andrew
"If only RBS stayed north of the border"
For more years than i care to remember they were the largest payer of coroporation rax to the UK government. Try using a little though process before posting such drivel
December 9, 2011 at 3:20 pm |
BobbyK
Let us remember this meeting in Brussels and the treaty was about saving the Euro and nothing else. The “Merkozy” gang wished to take this ‘opportunity’ to impose a tax on financial transactions within the EU as part of the treaty. What on earth does this have to do with saving the Euro?  Clearly, adding some money to the coffers to prop up failing Euro zone members does not hurt, but the last thing this will do is impress the markets (especially the bond markets), who are the people we need to impress if we are to get lending under control, with tolerable interest rates on the bonds of countries like Italy and Spain (As I write this bond rates are going up and not down for these countries, so this meeting is proving counterproductive for saving the Euro).
The London Market dwarfs its European rivals and would have been paying the lion’s share of this tax, effectively meaning the UK is charged with paying for the Euro zones mismanagement. It would also have spelled the end of London as a global financial centre. A large majority of the transactions going through London are international and much of this business would clearly move elsewhere. There is absolutely no way The UK could sign up to this, it would have been economic and political suicide.
One may worry about being on the fringes, like countries such as Norway and Switzerland who are in Europe, but neither in the EU or the Euro, but they rank third and fifth in the top 10 of Europe’s richest countries “per capita”, which is better than Germany, France, Italy and Spain (Europe’s largest economies) none of which are even in the top ten. I think the UK should get off the fringes and get out of the EU altogether and stop pumping Billions into the EU and take control of its own destiny (I sure this is a very contentious opinion). 51st state anyone?
December 9, 2011 at 3:22 pm |
Lonewolf
sorry meant Tax not Rax.
December 9, 2011 at 3:22 pm |
akud
Britain  make the spirit soup
December 9, 2011 at 3:23 pm |
xrscorp
Germany, through financial and industrial power,  is now  in control of mainland Europe with France as a temporary allie. What will be interesting is to see who leads all the governments of the new peasant class...Italy, Spain, Geece, Ireland, Portugal etc. when the next round of elections are held. Will these new leaders be the resistance or figure heads of a new European order? Britain is simply resisting being controlled by Germany and France.  Sounds like history repeating itself doesn't it? Governing Europe is like herding cats! Good luck with that!
December 9, 2011 at 3:30 pm |
Oliverson
@BobbyK – well said – couldn't agree more – let's get out immediately.
December 9, 2011 at 3:36 pm |
lolorofl
@xrscorp  your 20th Century fear of germany becomes a franko-german fear of the 21th Century.
December 9, 2011 at 3:36 pm |
R. Sanpanik
"But risking your long-term friendship by blunt refusals could also have long-term consequences for countries holding out against Europe’s so-called fiscal compact."
The UK should give into the rapacious demands of the bruts because to refuse is to lose their friendship?  Would you tell your daughter that?
December 9, 2011 at 3:36 pm |
Mike
What ever David Cameron decided it would have been a wrong decison anyway with those who want him to sign over sovereignty to another country and those who don't.  an impossible task.
December 9, 2011 at 3:39 pm |
BobbyK
To R. Sanpanik, I would say “with fiends like these, who needs enemies?”. I believe the meetings between Sarkozy and Merkel were engineered to either make the UK pay up or make them get out and they would have happily taken either, as one would mean getting more money, whilst diminishing a rivals economic situation and the other finally getting rid of the pain in the back side that is the UK who, very annoyingly, want to read the small print of every treaty they are asked to sign.
December 9, 2011 at 3:50 pm |
Arthur uzo
The battle of Euro. British wins the first round.
December 9, 2011 at 3:52 pm |
Len
Why put your country at risk for a fix that really doesn't work?  The Euro is going to fail and it's smart for UK to not want anything to do with it.
December 9, 2011 at 3:55 pm |
Paul
Hahaha, these messages make me laugh. Half the people on here seem to be iliterate, the other half seem to bang on about the Empire. I am British, I have never heard another Brit in my lifetime refer to the Empire as they do on here. It seems only foreigners get hung up about this – but answer this, if it wasnt for the Empire, you would be on here typing in English, can you not see the irony? – I guess not if you can not spell. If UK wants to go it alone, what is the problem and why do you all care, don't you all have enough problems with your economies to worry about us?
December 9, 2011 at 4:05 pm |
Andrew
@Oliverson
"England is the best country in the world with a fantastic history and without the shackles of Europe, a marvellous future".
It's clear that you're kidding, since it's obvious that England (which is actually only a part of the UK) is nothing more than, probably, Texas, for its economic power and now, after Cameron's decision, nothing more than Rhode Island (sorry for the people of Rhode Island, no offense is intended) for its political influence.
If the UK will continue to ignore globalization, that wasn't naturally "invented" by the British, and want to stupidly think that they can count something alone on the planet, then go ahead. But I'm sure the British are not so stupid: just give them some years to realize how isolationism doesn't pay.
December 9, 2011 at 4:08 pm |
Chris
@Christian Ellud: your geography knowledge is flawed; the island of Ireland is another of the "island nations" that are in the Eurozone. The UK is a pollitical union of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland (in addition to other smaller islands in the area). The island of Britain comprises the countries of England, Scotland, and Wales. The island of Ireland comprises Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, which is an independent nation that is not part of the UK.
In other words, Britain is a island and Ireland is an island. When you use the term "UK" you are referring to a political union and not both the islands of Britain and Ireland. It's really not that difficult
December 9, 2011 at 4:10 pm |
Oliverson
Envy is a terrible thing.
December 9, 2011 at 4:12 pm |
xrscorp
History will not be kind on the subject of the Battle of Brussels. How do you like Fascism's makeover. Isn't she beautiful! Thank God Britian has balls.
December 9, 2011 at 4:14 pm |
Andrew
