10 Things You Might Want to Know About Cat Adoption
By Adopt-a-Pet.com
Tips for Day One with Your New Cat / Kitten - There's       lots you can do within in the first day to ease your new kitten / cat adoption into your       home. When you arrive, select a quiet, closed-in area such as your bedroom or a small       room away from the main foot traffic, and set it up with a litter box, bed, food and       water. If you are adopting an adult cat, be sure that this "starter room" has       locked screens, or keep the windows completely closed. If feasible, make the starter       room the permanent location of the litter box. If you plan on having the permanent location       of the litter box be elsewhere, you'll need two litter boxes. Please do consider       the advantages of keeping your new cat indoors always — outdoor cats are exposed       to disease, cat fights, being killed by dogs and other wild animals, and hit by cars.       If you have other pets, don't introduce the new pet immediately. Let your new cat       get to know and trust household members, before it must adjust to the entire home. For       more on each of these tips visit our blog http://blog.adoptapet.com/bringing-home-your-new-cat-or-kitten/
Introducing Cats & Kittens - Based       on their age and personalities, you may take days or months to fully integrate your new       cat adoption or kitten to your family pets. Generally it's believed the easiest       introduction is when the new cat is younger, smaller, and of the opposite sex, but it       really depends on the personalities and experiences of the felines involved. First always       make sure each cat is healthy so that it does not transmit a disease. Neutering/spaying       of all cats to be introduced is essential, ideally 2-4 weeks before the introduction,       so the hormones levels have time to subside. The first step is to confine the new cat       to one room with its litter box, food, water, and a bed. Feed your current cat(s) and       the newcomer on either side of the door to this room. After the 7-10 day isolation period       is done, and your new cat is healthy, you can progress to the next steps. For each step       please read this post at http://blog.adoptapet.com/introducing-a-new-cat-or-kitten-to-your-cats/
The Myths of Cat Adoption - Did you know that most cats       do not have a home due to no fault of their own? It is a common myth to think that all cats       up for adoption in shelters and rescues are damaged in some way. But, nothing could be       less true! Cat shelters and rescues are full of lovable, active and healthy adoptable       cats just waiting for someone to take them home. A majority of cats are given up when       their prior owner no longer afford the financial requirements to keep them, got divorced,       had a death in the family or other unexpected change in their family situation, or didn't       realize how much time & attention a cat adoption deserves and needs. Even worse,       the number of cat adoptions in need are compounded by a surplus of cats bred for profit:       millions of adoptable pets are killed each year due to overpopulation. By taking home       a cat adoption from a rescue or a shelter, not only are you saving that pet, you're either       making room in the rescue so they can save another pet from a shelter, or making room       at the shelter itself. As you can see, cat adoption is truly a continuous cycle of saving       lives, and it's the humane thing to do! Thank you for considering cat adoption, and please       help us debunk the myth of homeless pets in the future.
Some Rescue Cats Are Already Trained for a Home -       Even though living in a cat rescue isn't ideal, most rescues (and some shelters) are       assisting the cats in more ways than just keeping it alive. Cats can be socialized with       other animals that help make them kinder and playful with all types of animals. Many       rescue organizations use foster homes, where puppies and kittens for adoption are socialized       with children and other cats, and given essential obedience training before       they go to their new homes. This makes the transition to your home much easier for both       pet and owner. Another positive aspect about cat adoption to point out, many cats in       animal shelters and humane societies are already housebroken, trained and ready to go!       Usually this is on behalf of the hard working shelter volunteers, and foster care givers,       or it is because the cat has already lived in a home and has gotten to know the household       rules like using the bathroom outside, or not jumping onto furniture.
Rescues Are Pros at Matching You With the Right       Cat Adoption - Shelter workers are very careful to make sure your cat adoption goes well       and their cats end up in the best homes for cat and owner. Each organization has its       own cat adoption application and screening process for potential adopters. Since pet       rescues spend so much time with their cats, they are able to match you up with the perfect       companion for you. Volunteers also follow up with you after the adoption to make sure       everything's going well. They can help you get through any rough spots by offering cat       training tips and lots of other advice. Adopting from a pet rescue group has another       benefit: if, for some reason, things don't work out with your new cat, most rescues will       take the cat back, saving you a lot of trouble. Each rescue has its own cat adoption       process for screening; this process is designed to make sure you end up with the right       cat for your family. In an effort to help people make good choices when they chose cat       adoption, many rescues even specialize in small cats, some rescue only giant breeds.       There are thousands of rescue groups devoted to a particular breed of cat or cat, too!
Rescues Have Plenty of Purebred Cats - If you       have your heart set on a specific cat breed, before you check out a breeder or pet store,       why not at least look into cat adoption as a option? 25% of all cats in a shelter are       purebred. There are also lots of specific cat breed rescue groups that specialize in       a particular breed of cat. Don't be fooled into thinking that animal shelters and cat       rescues are filled with cats that were discarded because they're "bad". Shelter cats for adoption are wonderful companions who became the victims of family tragedy,       unlucky circumstances or irresponsible owners. Did you know that many backyard cat breeders       and pet stores who supply the majority of purebreds simply are selling inbred pets without       care for preventing genetic problems? Mixed breed cats have less inbreeding, generally       less inherited genetic disease, and therefore overall lower vet bills and happier cats!       And the best place to find a mixed breed is at rescue, SPCA, humane society or animal       shelter.
Cat Adoption Will Build Life Lessons for Kids       of All Ages - Cat adoption provides a fertile opportunity to teach significant       values to children. The decision to devote your resources and care to a cat in need sends       a very clear message about the identity of a family and its underlying values. It is       a great time to explore who you are as a family and what you stand for. It is through       this process that a child learns things like, "We are a family with an important       choice to make, and we are going to use the power of this choice to save a life." This       teaches kids about personal responsibility and their impact on the greater good as they       make choices in life. Children need to feel they can impact their world. We need to give       them opportunities to do so in positive, pro-social ways. Choosing cat adoption can plant       the seeds for that ethic. Kids also learn responsibility by feeding and caring for a       cat's routine needs. Children with cats display improved impulse control, social       skills and self-esteem. And for emerging readers, reading to a catis an easy way to feel       comfortable.
How to Plan for a Cat Friendly Schedule - How       much time your new cat adoption will really needs is dependent on the type of cat, including       but not limited to the breed, age, amount of previous training, other pets & people       in your home. Matching the time a cat will take to the amount of time you want to spend       on your cat is a very important part in finding your new best friend! A good first step       is really thinking about your daily routine. How much free time do you have each day       that you are willing to devote to the care, training, and attention of your new cat adoption       over the next few months, and then for the lifetime of that cat? For social pets like       birds, rabbits,  and cats, time spent just "hanging out" with you while       you're watching a movie or reading a book, counts too! Cats and puppies vary the       most in their time requirements, ranging from an adult, already-trained, mellow breed,       to a high-energy puppy that would love a jogging companion and another high-energy cat       friend. Be prepared to spend at about 3-4 hours a day with a single adult cat and more       time for kittens.
How to Prepare Your Budget for Cat Adoption -       Being a good caring cat owner involves many things that don't affect your wallet,       like your time and love, but there are certainly costs to plan for. If you've never       owned a particular type of pet before, knowing how much your new pet will cost can be       complicated. When adopting a cat there will usually be an cat adoption fee. Rescuing       pets is expensive work! The rescuer often pays to have the cats spayed or neutered if       they aren't already, provides vaccines, and pays for all medical care needed while       the pets are in their rescue. Food, beds, collars, tags, grooming, it adds up, but luckily       much of that cost is not passed on. Typical cat adoption fees range from $100 to $300.       Next consider you basic supplies such as a collar, IDs, microchip, pet bed, bowls, and       toys. The biggest cost will be food, that depends on the size and type of cat you will       be adopting. Asking the shelter what they are feeding the cat you want to adopt and the       cost can help prepare for this. Other costs are mostly medical and will include regular       vet checkups, and the potential for a trip to the vest because of an accident, or illness.
FAQ for Cat Veterinarian Visits - Taking your       new cat pet to the veterinarian should be your first priority. This is especially true       if you have other pets. It's a good idea to make sure your new cat is healthy and doesn't       have any diseases or viruses he or she could transmit to other animals in the house.       The best way to find a veterinarian is by word of mouth. The animal shelter or rescue       group where you got your cat may have a good recommendation for you. For proper preventative       care, your cat or cat should be examined by a veterinarian twice a year. A typical vet       checkup includes searching for fleas using a special flea comb. Taking your cat's temperature,       and a physical examination which will include checking your cat's ears, eyes, nose, teeth,       skin, legs, joints, and genitals, and lymph nodes and listen to the heart and lungs.       It will be common for the veterinarian to stress the importance of avoiding parasites,       and will suggest options for flea and tick prevention and control.
 
 
Shelter/Rescue Sign-up    The Save-A-Pet Show    Get Involved    Donate to Adopt-a-Pet.com    Volunteer    Sitemap    Terms of Use/Privacy Policies
Humane America Animal Foundation, dba Adopt-a-Pet.com, is a non-profit, tax-deductible 501(c)(3) adoption advertising charity. Our mission (and passion) is to help get homeless pets out of the shelters and into loving homes. Let us know what you think! Suggestion & Comment Box
© 2004-2011 Adopt-a-Pet.com - All rights reserved
 
