Watch Spain vs Portugal Stream
Euro2012: Portugal ‘ warm up ‘ for the semi-final with Spain
Portuguese football selection trained today for the last time in the Polish city of Opalenica before face Spain on Wednesday in the semi-finals of the Euro2012.
During the 15-minute open to the media, it was possible to observe the 19 outfield players available, once the striker Helder Postiga continues to accounts with a muscle tear in the posterior region of the right thigh, perform warm-up exercises and stretches, while goalkeepers have met specific job for your position. Watch Spain vs Portugal Online
After training, the school Custodian, who played 24 minutes in the last two games of Portugal in Euro2012, will be at a press conference, from 12:30.
Portugal to “warm up” for the semi-final with Spain
Portuguese football selection trained today for the last time in the Polish city of Opalenica before face Spain on Wednesday in the semi-finals of the Euro2012
During the 15-minute open to the media, it was possible to observe the 19 outfield players available, once the striker Helder Postiga continues to accounts with a muscle tear in the posterior region of the right thigh, perform warm-up exercises and stretches, while goalkeepers have met specific job for your position.
Low-striker is the only confirmed to the discussion by access to game final against Spain Euro2012, who beat France on Saturday by 2-0, due to a muscle tear in the posterior region of the right thigh.
Portuguese football selection, without striker Helder Postiga, but with Cristiano Ronaldo, will try to move to Spain, champion of Europe and the world, on Wednesday, the end of Euro2012.
Postiga, who scored two goals the Spaniards in the last clash (4-0 in particular), is the only low confirmed in team of the “corners” for the semi-final encounter, in which the Portuguese picker should only change of Paulo Bento spearhead.
In the Euro2012, the coach has always been faithful to “eleven” and available team tactic in “4-3-3″, and you can put in the Centre of the attack Hugo Almeida, who replaced Postiga in the game of quarter-final with the Czech Republic (3-1).
However, Paulo Bento you can also make other choices, since the young Nelson Oliveira had been advanced replacement “preferred” in the early games and the extreme Varela was decisive encounter with Denmark.
However, any of these options would require to change some routines in the Portuguese attack, which, after having been in white with Germany, scored six goals in his last three games.
Ronaldo was responsible for only half, two against the Netherlands and one with the Czechs, and the Portuguese “Captain”, which seeks to mark for the third consecutive time – something that never succeeded with the sweater of “quinas” – will certainly be a major defensive threat unless Spain beat the competition, having only conceded a goal against Italy.
Thus, the Portuguese team must align with Rui Patrício in goal, a defensive Quartet composed by João Pereira, Pepe, Bruno Alves and Fabio Coentrao, behind the trio “tireless” midfield with Miguel Veloso and Joao Moutinho, Raul Meireles, Nani and Cristiano Ronaldo, leaving the question of who will be the other element of the attack.
These will be the “weapons” against powerful Portugal Spain, who departed to France with two goals from unlikely Xabi Alonso. If you keep the system used in the last meeting, the Asset Picker, Vicente del Bosque, Spain should relinquish use a root spearhead betting on mobility of men from the front.
Fernando Torres was holder in the last two matches of the group stage, and scored twice against the Republic of Ireland, but was replaced in the third meeting, in view of the obligation to beat Croatia, with good results.
Andrés Iniesta, Xavi, CESC Fàbregas, David Silva, escudados by Xabi Alonso and Sergio Busquets, may be the earliest players in Spanish, whose training is delivered to Iker Casillas’s goal and the defense of Álvaro Arbeloa, Gerard Piqué, Sergio Ramos and Jordi Alba.
On Wednesday in Donetsk, Portugal and Spain, which seeks to be the first selection to win two consecutive European titles, discuss the presence at the end of the dispute in the Euro2012 Olympic Stadium in Kiev, Ukraine, on Sunday.
24. June 2012 · Write a comment · Categories: Euro 2012 Highlights , Euro 2012 News · Tags: England vs Italy Highlights , England Vs Italy Penalty Shootout , England vs Italy Video Highlights
England vs Italy Video Highlights
In six official meetings held so far, the squad has a clear advantage in the final result. With 4 WINS, a draw and one defeat, they have history on their side.
However, already there are 14 years since the two teams played “seriously” with one another. Was in World Cup qualifying, played in France 98.
Euro2012: England and Italy discuss last spot in “socks”
Lisbon, 24 jun (Afp)–England and Italy argue today, in Kiev, the last spot in the semi-finals of the football, a meeting Euro2012 that mark the farewell of the Portuguese referee Pedro Proenca in the contest, in which Portugal is one of the four finalists. England vs Italy Highlights
England, who have not lost under Roy Hodgson, back to mark presence in “rooms” of a European football, after in 2004 have been sidelined for Portugal, at a meeting held at the stadium of light and decided on penalties.
The Italy, which in the quarter final of the Euro2008 “crashed” at the foot of Spain, won 2-1 the last encounter with the English: a particular disputed there is 10 years, of which Gianluigi Buffon is the only “survivor” in the field.
England and Italy argue today, in Kiev, the last spot in the semi-finals of the football, a meeting Euro2012 that mark the farewell of the Portuguese referee Pedro Proenca in the contest, in which Portugal is one of the four finalists.
England, who have not lost under Roy Hodgson, back to mark presence in “rooms” of a European football, after in 2004 have been sidelined for Portugal, at a meeting held at the stadium of light and decided on penalties.
The Italy, which in the quarter final of the Euro2008 “crashed” at the foot of Spain, won 2-1 the last encounter with the English: a particular disputed there is 10 years, of which Gianluigi Buffon is the only “survivor” in the field.
British and Italian only met once in the final stages of Europe, in 1980, in a match which they won 1-0.
The winner of the Kiev meeting will face Germany, the only team with victories in the tournament.
The meeting, scheduled for the 19:45 (Lisbon time) will mark the farewell of the tournament referee Pedro Proenca, “away” due to the fact that Portugal be among the teams still in the competition.
The British ended the Group D in the first position, but suffered to win games that would be relatively quiet as in the 1 to 0 on the Ukraine, when counted with the aid of the arbitration, that did not validate a legitimate goal of the Ukrainians. Already Italy ended up Group C in second place behind Spain, and closed the first round with a disappointing defeat of 2 to 0 for Sweden.
 
England Vs Italy Penalty Shootout
 
The game was played at a frantic pace, with chances for both teams.
De Rossi wrapped up the goal post of the British, to 4 ‘, and Buffon shone with an amazing defense to 9 ‘, for catching a powerful shot from Johnson.
Mario Balotelli has already wasted a goal completely isolated and not tired of threatening the goal of Joe Hart, who had the opportunity to apply in the second half. The England goalkeeper caught a Rossi and a missile firing at close range from Balotelli to 53 ‘
The referee of the match is the Portuguese Pedro Proenca.
This is the second duel between British and Italians in the final stages of the European Championships. The first happened in 1980 and the victory smiled to Italian team (1-0)
In six official meetings held so far, the squad has a clear advantage in the final result. With 4 WINS, a draw and one defeat, they have history on their side.  The game ended with a penalty shootout with Italy winning and advancing to the semi-finals, note to the amazing Pilro Panenka style penalty!
24. June 2012 · Write a comment · Categories: Euro 2012 Highlights , Euro 2012 News · Tags: Spain vs France Highlights , Spain vs France Video Highlights , Watch Spain vs France Video Highlights
Watch Spain vs France Video Highlights
In Donetsk, the midfielder Xabi Alonso, who fulfilled his 100.ª internationalization, scored both goals for Spain, to 19 and 90 + 1 minutes, the latter from the penalty spot, in the first official games triumph in Spain on the Gallic rival. Before, in six meetings with the French, the Spanish had suffered five defeats and just added a tie. Spain vs France Highlights
The selection of Vicente del Bosque, who scored against Portugal in the semi-finals of the Euro2012, eventually, again, do not dazzle and not to let the “perfume” that dropped in the Euro2008 football and Mundial2010, but still did enough to stamp the Passport to the next stage.
Ladies and gentlemen, next to Spain: the selection of Vicente Del Bosque won the Frances thanks to two goals from Xabi Alonso and has earned the right to be in the semi-finals. Talk yourself into making the right is, moreover, a clear exaggeration: grabbed him for failure to appear. Almost just that.
The game will have been incidentally of the worst that this Euro 2012 already watched: melancholy, sad, dragged. The Spain was better, of course, Yes, but hardly that fact can be a merit. After all, this scares us opponent. Especially when he plays well, without spearhead.
SEE THE GOALS OF THE SPAIN-FRANCE
Vicente Del Bosque opted to repeat the team who presented with Italy, in what was the only game that Spain did not win in this Europe. Fàbregas became the youngest player in advance, to the detriment of Fernando Torres, and the Spanish game became chewed, slow and harmless.
Even having more ball, Spain showed glaring problems in creating situations of finalization. So much so, in fact, that except for goals scored, only created another clear chance: following a corner, pique came loose in the area but very headed over the bar.
Check out the game
There was indeed an excellent pass from Xavi that Fabregas dominated evil in the face of Lloris and a cross from Arbeloa that Réveillère cut from close range. Was everything and was clearly very little. Left over harmless movements, some passes poorly measured and many ball losses.
On the other hand, however, there emerged a France which is a patchwork. Without a big idea, without a common concept, without even basic principles of compensation or solidarity. Committed serious flaws in defense, the largest of which allowed the Xabi Alonso make the first goal.
Remember how we live this game
Was just eighteen minutes in Spanish first shot on goal Iniesta: accelerated (was perhaps the only occasion in which the fez), launched Jordi Alba (the greatest desequilibrador in this game), which crossed the half height for Xabi Alonso headed when it appeared the second post completely alone.
Laurent Blanc had made a revolution in the eleven, left out such as Evra, Nasri or Diarra and France made the worst display of Euro 2012. Nor Ribery or Benzema could unbalance. Malouda, for example, not seen, Clichy opened a highway on the left.
Remember when we won the Spain by 4-0?
Well why Spain did not need to strive to master the game and keep France away from the goal. Only one free from Cabaye managed to make Casillas work a little. In the second part Blanc released Nasri and Giroud, the Bleus became more offensive, but still and always harmless.
Realizing this, Del Bosque gave rest to David Silva and Iniesta, Spain kept control of the game and was safe from any start. In added time, Pedro Rodriguez fell before a Reveillère, the referee scored a penalty and Xabi Alonso scored the second goal.
The Spain goes ahead, she that except for the game with the Rep. Ireland has done a Euro 2012 globally weak: far from the glow of the knockout phase of the last World Cup. Now speaking of the world, Portugal can therefore avenge elimination in South Africa. Have the word selection.
Ladies and gentlemen, next to Spain: the selection of Vicente Del Bosque won the Frances thanks to two goals from Xabi Alonso and has earned the right to be in the semi-finals. Talk yourself into making the right is, moreover, a clear exaggeration: grabbed him for failure to appear. Almost just that.
The game will have been incidentally of the worst that this Euro 2012 already watched: melancholy, sad, dragged. The Spain was better, of course, Yes, but hardly that fact can be a merit. After all, this scares us opponent. Especially when he plays well, without spearhead.
SEE THE GOALS OF THE SPAIN-FRANCE
Vicente Del Bosque opted to repeat the team who presented with Italy, in what was the only game that Spain did not win in this Europe. Fàbregas became the youngest player in advance, to the detriment of Fernando Torres, and the Spanish game became chewed, slow and harmless.
Even having more ball, Spain showed glaring problems in creating situations of finalization. So much so, in fact, that except for goals scored, only created another clear chance: following a corner, pique came loose in the area but very headed over the bar.
Check out the game
There was indeed an excellent pass from Xavi that Fabregas dominated evil in the face of Lloris and a cross from Arbeloa that Réveillère cut from close range. Was everything and was clearly very little. Left over harmless movements, some passes poorly measured and many ball losses.
On the other hand, however, there emerged a France which is a patchwork. Without a big idea, without a common concept, without even basic principles of compensation or solidarity. Committed serious flaws in defense, the largest of which allowed the Xabi Alonso make the first goal.
Remember how we live this game
Was just eighteen minutes in Spanish first shot on goal Iniesta: accelerated (was perhaps the only occasion in which the fez), launched Jordi Alba (the greatest desequilibrador in this game), which crossed the half height for Xabi Alonso headed when it appeared the second post completely alone.
Laurent Blanc had made a revolution in the eleven, left out such as Evra, Nasri or Diarra and France made the worst display of Euro 2012. Nor Ribery or Benzema could unbalance. Malouda, for example, not seen, Clichy opened a highway on the left.
Remember when we won the Spain by 4-0?
Well why Spain did not need to strive to master the game and keep France away from the goal. Only one free from Cabaye managed to make Casillas work a little. In the second part Blanc released Nasri and Giroud, the Bleus became more offensive, but still and always harmless.
Realizing this, Del Bosque gave rest to David Silva and Iniesta, Spain kept control of the game and was safe from any start. In added time, Pedro Rodriguez fell before a Reveillère, the referee scored a penalty and Xabi Alonso scored the second goal.
The Spain goes ahead, she that except for the game with the Rep. Ireland has done a Euro 2012 globally weak: far from the glow of the knockout phase of the last World Cup. Now speaking of the world, Portugal can therefore avenge elimination in South Africa. Have the word selection.
22. June 2012 · Write a comment · Categories: Euro 2012 Highlights , Euro 2012 News · Tags: Germany vs Greece Highlights , Germany vs Greece video Highlights , Watch Germany vs Greece video Highlights
 Watch Germany vs Greece video Highlights
The Germany is the second semifinalist from Euro2012, to defeat this Friday to Greece by 4-2 in Gdansk. Lahm, Khedira, Klose and Reus did the Party of Germans, while Samaras and Salpingidis still reduced. Germany vs Greece Highlights
Under the watchful eye of German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the audience, the Mannschaft started strong and confident. In the first two minutes the Germans took twice the danger on goal Sifakis. In the course of the fourth minute the ball came in, but was flagged offside. Brave <3
This home has the motto for the rest of the first half, where the chosen Fernando Santos could barely breathe. Germany attacks have multiplied and had your maximum exponent in goal from Captain Lahm, to 39 minutes. The Greek keeper still played on the ball, but the path has not changed enough to avoid the try.
The 1-0 result did not reflect the image of the game yesterday, the performance of the players on the field. The Germany dominates.
The entry in the second half, Portuguese coach made some changes in strategy. Fernando Santos took Ninis by Gekas and Tzavelas by Fotakis. In ten minutes produced the results …
Spent 55 minutes when Samaras gives the best submission on a cross by right of Salpingidis, leaving Neuer of hands on the head.
The tie was, however, little Sun lasts in Arena Gdansk. To 61 minutes, Boateng cross from the right side to Khedira, in a volley, makes the Mannschaft in front and with one foot in the semi-finals.
After the 2-1, Joachim Löw decided to take Schürrle by Thomas Müller and the next minute the advantage is magnified through Klose. Ozil charged a free side and, thanks to an unfortunate Sifakis, output advanced shot on goal unoccupied.
The clock struck 74 minutes of play when Marco Reus signed 4-1 and left the Hellenic training see ‘ Greek ‘. Just joined, Klose forced tight defense, and Sifakis in reload, Reus does not waste.
Already near the end there was time for Greece to reduce. The referee Damir Skomina Boateng penalty by defender pointed out the ball with his arm in the area and Salpingidis, called mark, tricked the Germanic ‘ networks», which shot to the opposite side of the ball, passed the 88 minute.
The German training becomes the second semifinalist from Euro2012 (on par with Portugal, which departed yesterday the Czech Republic), and will measure forces with the winner of the last quarter-finals, played on Sunday between England and Italy.
