Wretchu, where did you get your info?  This is from Cornell:
The following shall be nationals and citizens of the United States at birth:
(a) a person born in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof;
(b) a person born in the United States to a  member of an Indian, Eskimo, Aleutian, or other aboriginal tribe:  Provided, That the granting of citizenship under this subsection shall  not in any manner impair or otherwise affect the right of such person to  tribal or other property;
(c) a person born outside of the United States  and its outlying possessions of parents both of whom are citizens of the  United States and one of whom has had a residence in the United States  or one of its outlying possessions, prior to the birth of such person;
(d) a person born outside of the United States  and its outlying possessions of parents one of whom is a citizen of the  United States who has been physically present in the United States or  one of its outlying possessions for a continuous period of one year  prior to the birth of such person, and the other of whom is a national,  but not a citizen of the United States;
(e) a person born in an outlying possession of  the United States of parents one of whom is a citizen of the United  States who has been physically present in the United States or one of  its outlying possessions for a continuous period of one year at any time  prior to the birth of such person;
(f) a person of unknown parentage found in the  United States while under the age of five years, until shown, prior to  his attaining the age of twenty-one years, not to have been born in the  United States;
(g) a person born outside the geographical  limits of the United States and its outlying possessions of parents one  of whom is an alien, and the other a citizen of the United States who,  prior to the birth of such person, was physically present in the United  States or its outlying possessions for a period or periods totaling not  less than five years, at least two of which were after attaining the age  of fourteen years: Provided, That any periods of honorable service in  the Armed Forces of the United States, or periods of employment with the  United States Government or with an international organization as that  term is defined in section 288 of title 22 by such citizen parent, or any periods during which such citizen parent  is physically present abroad as the dependent unmarried son or daughter  and a member of the household of a person
(A)  honorably serving with the Armed Forces of the United States, or
(B)  employed by the United States Government or an international organization as defined in section 288 of title 22 ,  may be included in order to satisfy the physical-presence requirement  of this paragraph. This proviso shall be applicable to persons born on  or after December 24, 1952, to the same extent as if it had become  effective in its present form on that date; and
(h) a person born before noon (Eastern Standard  Time) May 24, 1934, outside the limits and jurisdiction of the United  States of an alien father and a mother who is a citizen of the United  States who, prior to the birth of such person, had resided in the United  States.
http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1401
Only one parent has to be a US citizen, per part (g).  The problem here is actually whether or not the children are hers biologically, since she carried and delivered them.  For the purposes of custody, it would seem that she has been their legal parent since implantation -- she did not have to adopt them when they were born. For the purposes of citizenship, does that mean they are US citizens, since they were born of a US citizen? The law isn't very clear.
#1.72 - Tue Apr 17, 2012 3:31 PM EDT
Amanda-2017567
Hobbes' notes said:
The State Department was wrong. Title 8 of the U.S. Code, Section 1401 states that the requirement is only ONE year. We will recall that the State Department at that time was headed by a social conservative. Under Bush, they could make up any law they wanted without repercussion. Obama didn't replace most of the conservative operatives. That was one of his mistakes. Same applies to the DOJ.
That's why Ms. Boneva was fighting it.
dirp said:
Amanda: this woman, as a US Cititzen, does not have to apply for a Visa to come into the US.
She doesn't but she has to file one for each child to bring them over.
She should have just come back to the US to give birth,
We don't know what all the details are. A pregnancy resulting from a fertility procedure would have to be closely monitored and flying while pregnant is risky. Would you have wanted to be on that plane while a screaming woman is giving birth in the seat behind you?
defenderoflogic said:
I -for one- am getting sick of dual citizenship. I think that concept is completely bad for our country. People with dual citizenship here have split loyalty to this nation at BEST.
The Enemy Expatriation Act currently coming up through Congress is aimed at eliminating dual citizenship after the age of majority and will  strip citizenship if the individual is suspected to be engaging or advocating in any act that runs counter to the US or its allies' interests. After which they are eligible(as they are now declared illegal by the government) to be detained indefinitely without charge or trial under the terms of the NDAA for FY2012.
Khalid said;
What is she complaining about if she was already told the solution? Spend 6 months in the US (they should get to know their country, anyway) and problem solved.
Because while she may only need to spend 6 months here in order to apply, the wait times for those applications could mean the children may be deported for being illegal by ICE before USCIS even looks at the application. See post 1.45 for possible wait times on those applications. And if they are picked up for deportation they could end up in a UAM camp on the other side of the country from their Mom.
There are a lot of variables and things that could go wrong in the process of getting them citizenship, so if there's some argument that will allow the government to recognize them as her children before she comes over, she should definitely try every avenue first.
1 vote
Proud US Citizen Living Overseas
Nowhere in the artice does it say that she does not WANT to move back to the US for 6 months. Nowhere does it say that she intends to remain in Israel for the rest of her life and never have her twins live in the US.
It breaks my heart to see the lack of empathy in the majority of these comments, as I am sure if you were in a similar situation you would also want your children to be US citizens. I am not in exactly the same situation, but I can completely understand her frustration with the laws.
I am currently living overseas while my husband is getting his PhD and if we were to have a baby I would absolutely want that child to be an American citizen. I would not be able to afford to move back to the States for 6 months to ensure that my baby was given citizenship, nor would I even be able to travel to the States to give birth - the flights cost too much (beside the fact that a 20 hour flight is very dangerous for a pregnant woman), I would not be able to afford to take leave from my job and my husband certainly couldn't take 6 months out of his schooling to go back to the States with the baby. We will only be living overseas for roughly 3 years and yet many of you say that if my baby were to be born here - to two US Citizens - that the child should not be given US Citizenship? Since we are not residents of this country (New Zealand) our baby would also not be given local citizenship.
So are you truly saying that just because I could not afford to go back to the States to have a baby right now, that I shoud just not have a baby at all?? Or go ahead and have a baby that is unable to become a citizen of ANY country because I am not in the country that I am a citizen of? That's ludicrous. I am sure it never occurred to this woman that children that she physically carried and grew in her womb for 9 months - that she carried for herself, not as a surrogate - would not be able to become citizens of her home country. Why would it? I would never have considered such a thing. If she had adopted the children this woud not be an issue, so why is it an issue when she GREW them??
2 votes
Amanda-2017567
defenderoflogic said:
From the article, it sounds like her kids are Israeli citizens: born in Israel, from both Israeli donors, and their mother is just a joint citizen of both Israel and the U.S.
If Mom has dual citizenship, then the children could be considered Israeli citizens. If, however, she is merely a permanent resident, they would not qualify. As the biological parents are unknown, it would seem logical that citizenship would be derive from the woman who gave them birth, but as we are seeing now, that is not the case and the children are therefore stateless.
The US is not the only country with jus soli laws, if your child is born in these counties, they are automatically a citizen of that country as well as the country to which the parents belong:
Antigua & Barbuda, Argentina, Barbados, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Cambodia, Canada, Colombia, Dominica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Fiji, Grenada, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Jamaica, Lesotho, Mexico, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent & The Grenadines, Trinidad & Tobago, Tuvalu, Uruguay and Venezuela.
Barbados and Antigua & Barbuda are in the process of abolishing their jus soli laws.
Countries with jus sanguinis ('by blood') laws--citizenship only to those with at least one parent a citizen/permanent resident:
Australia, Dominican Republic, France, Germany, New Zealand, Republic of Ireland, South Africa, and United Kingdom.
All other countries only allow a child citizenship if at least one parent is a citizen (permanent residency not permitted, must be a citizen ONLY.)
#1.75 - Tue Apr 17, 2012 4:16 PM EDT
DRK-1183578
As the law stands now, Proud Citizen, a child born of you and your husband would definitely still be a US citizen, even if born overseas -- see my post at 1.71 above.  I agree with you though -- the jingoism and lack of compassion of some of these comments is appalling.
Some Americans work overseas or go to school overseas, and while they are there, they have children, who are also American, and there's nothing wrong with that.
1 vote
Tired of Stupidity-946705
yeah right said:
Tired of Stupidity - aren't you the same person you railed against? You spent half your post insulting people who don't happen to think like you. Why would I listen to hypocritical crap like yours? I'm none of the 3 people you listed yet I could careless about this lady or her situation. To me, there are far more important immigration & citizenship issues than dealing with invitro citizenship while living abroad. You sir, are part of the idiotocracy that you speak of.
yeah wrong -
This is pretty simple.  Obviously, so are some of the people reading my post.  Let me boil it down for those of you with problems understanding my post. SHE IS AN AMERICAN CITIZEN.  She may be living in Israel - or Canada - or some backwater hillbilly hodunk in the US of A.  It doesn't matter.  How she got pregnant is not the issue.  Two lives came out of her (as Oprah would call it) Vah-jay-jay.  Those are her children.  No one else has a right to claim the children because the donors of eggs and/or sperm have no legal rights to offspring produced with the eggs and/or sperm.  If that's not their mother, please - enlighten me who is.
She's a citizen.
Her children have a right to citizenship.
It's not hard.  It's not difficult.  The government - as the article is saying - is relying on the fact that it's not her egg.  To say that the child of a US citizen doesn't have a claim to citizenship by virtue of being born to a US citizen is totally absurd.
You want to discuss problems, here you go.  Let's talk about illegal aliens in this country.  I don't care if you've lived here for 30 years - if you crossed the border illegally, you broke the law and your butt needs to get shipped back to your country of origin.  If you want to apply for citizenship, you do so through the proper channels and when you're legalized, I'd be happy to meet you at the border with a red carpet.  To even consider fast tracking illegals should be treason.
This woman gave birth to two children.  I can guarantee you - if she had been raped, we wouldn't even be hearing about this story.  My guess is we're dealing with a small minded - divinely inspired bureaucrat who has his employer confused with God.
There's the law - and then there's justice.  Sadly enough in America, those two principles seldom say the same thing.  You want to be sad about something - there's your lobster.
1 vote
