Parents
The process of adopting a 'looked-after' child
A looked-after child is one who is in public care. This means they are looked after by a local authority (LA). To adopt a looked-after child you will need to submit an application to an adoption agency, which will assess your suitability. Then the court will decide whether to make an adoption order in your favour.
Initial application for adoption
The first thing you must do is contact your local adoption agency. They will:
send you general written information about the adoption process, like how long each part will take and the agency's expectation of adopters
invite you to a group information meeting, where you can hear about adoption and talk to adopters about their experiences
give you counselling to help you understand the needs of the children, who may have experienced neglect or abuse in their early childhood
The agency will also help you decide if adoption is right for you and your family. If you and the agency agree to proceed, the agency will issue you with an application form.
Preparation, assessment and training
When the adoption agency accepts your written application, it will:
invite you to preparation classes - these are normally held locally and offer parenting advice and information on issues like the skills required for adoption, the needs of adopted children and the effect adoption can have on all the people involved
carry out police checks to be sure that you or an adult member of your family have not committed an offence that would make you ineligible to adopt
interview referees who know you and your family
organise for you to have a full medical examination
arrange for a social worker to visit you and carry out a detailed assessment of your suitability to become an adoptive parent - including your strengths and weaknesses, areas you might need support in, and the stability of your relationship if you are adopting as a couple
Because of these processes the assessment is demanding, lengthy, in-depth and can feel intrusive. This is so the agency can be sure you’re able to meet the needs of the child and can make a success of the adoption.
When your social worker has finished your assessment, they will send your papers to the adoption panel. This is a group of people who are experienced in adoption. You will be able to attend the adoption panel meeting to ask and answer questions. The adoption panel will make a recommendation to the agency, which will then make the decision whether or not you are suitable to adopt a child.
How long does it take to adopt?
The time it takes to adopt will vary. It will take just over eight months for the adoption agency to complete its assessment of your suitability to adopt. It could then just take a matter of weeks for the agency to match you with a child. 
Once the child goes to live with you, it is for you to decide when to apply to the court for an adoption order. However, the child must have lived with you for at least ten weeks. An adoption order means that parental rights and responsibilities for the child are given to the adoptive parents.
How do children become matched with adopters?
Once your agency considers you are suitable to adopt, it will begin the process of finding a child whose needs you can meet. If a match doesn't take place after three months, you can be referred to the Adoption Register for England and Wales. 
The Register holds details of children across England and Wales who need a family. The Register will be searched to identify a child whose needs you can meet. Once a link has been made, your details will be passed on to the child’s social worker.
If an adoption agency does not consider you suitable
You have two options if you disagree with an adoption agency’s decision. You can either: 
challenge the agency's decision and explain why you disagree
apply to the Independent Review Mechanism to look into the agency’s decision-making process
Independent Review Mechanism Opens new window
Support for adoptive parents
You and your adopted child may need support and you are entitled to have an assessment of your family’s needs. LAs must have the following range of adoption support services available:
advice, information and counselling
financial support
support groups for adopted children and adoptive parents
therapeutic services for adopted children, like re-introducing children with a history of abuse and neglect to sensations of touch, smell, taste and sight through therapeutic games and exercises
support for contact arrangements between an adopted child and their birth family
services to support the relationship between the adopted child and their adoptive parents
More useful links
