Employers who offer adoption benefits may provide workers with:
direct cash assistance for adoption expenses;
reimbursement of approved adoption expenses;
paid or unpaid leave (beyond federal leave requirements established through the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993); or
resource and referral services.
To request a list of employers who provide adoption benefits or learn more about workplace adoption benefits, contact the Adoption Friendly Workplace Program, an initiative of the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption. Call 800-275-3832, send an e-mail to info@adoptionfriendlyworkplace.org ; or visit www.adoptionfriendlyworkplace.org .
Military Reimbursements
Active-duty military personnel are eligible for a reimbursement of up to $2,000 per child adopted to cover one-time adoption-related costs such as application and court fees or travel expenses. No more than $5,000 can be reimbursed in any one year, and payments are only issued after  adoptions are finalized.
Children who have disabilities may also be able to access up to $1,000 per month under the military's Program for Persons with Disabilities. Through the Exceptional Family Member Program, families with children who have special needs will be assigned to duty stations where the child's needs can be met. Learn more from the National Military Family Association .
Tax Credits and Exclusions
Since tax year 2003, parents who adopt children who have special needs from the U.S. foster care system (and whose annual adjusted gross income is less than $190,000) have been able to claim tax credits or exclusions to offset adoption costs without documenting adoption expenses. Families who adopted children without special needs could take the credit by documenting qualifying adoption expenses.
In March 2010, the adoption tax credit was updated and extended. Parents who finalized adoptions in tax year 2010 can claim up to $13,170 for each child they adopt. For adoptions finalized in 2010 and 2011, the credit is also refundable. That is, families can use the credit to offset taxes and then, if their tax liability is low, receive the balance of the credit as a refund.
For more information about the credit and exclusion, review IRS Instructions for Form 8839, "Qualified Adoption Expenses" or read NACAC's fact sheet on the tax credit. Learn more from the Internal Revenue Service; call 800-829-3676 or visit www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc607.html .
Adoption Subsidies
If you adopt a U.S. child who has special needs, he or she may be eligible for a federal or state adoption subsidy (also known as adoption assistance). Adoption assistance payments are designed to help offset the short- and long-term costs associated with adopting children who need special services. In general, children adopted from the custody of state or county child welfare agencies (or private agencies under contract with the state who provide services for foster children) are eligible for adoption assistance benefits.
Benefits available through subsidy programs vary by state, but commonly include:
monthly cash payments--up to an amount equal to the foster care payment the state would have made if the child were still in basic family foster care.
medical assistance--Medicaid benefits are provided through the federal program and some state programs. States must also provide health insurance for children whose parents have a signed adoption assistance agreement with the state if the children's special needs are based on a need for medical, mental health, or rehabilitative care.
social services--post-adoption services such as respite care, counseling, day care, etc.; or
nonrecurring adoption expenses--a one-time reimbursement (up to $2,000) for adoption fees, court costs, attorney fees, physical or psychological examinations, and other expenses related to the legal adoption of a child who has special needs.
Before adopting a child who has special needs, ask your agency about federal and state subsidies. To learn more about federal and state subsidy programs, click here or contact NACAC's Adoption Subsidy Resource Center at 800-470-6665.
Step 5:  Select an Adoption Agency
How to Find Agencies
To find as many agencies to choose from as possible:
Visit CWIG's searchable database for a directory of public and private agencies, www.childwelfare.gov/nfcad/index.cfm .
Contact your state's Department of Human Services--or Social Services, Child and Family Services, Health and Welfare, etc.--(look in the phone directory government pages or in CWIG's searchable database ) and ask for the Adoption Specialist. He or she should be able to provide you with a list of licensed adoption agencies in your state.
Investigate the U.S. State Department's Office of Children's issues ( http://adoption.state.gov/ ) to learn more about international adoption and find lists of agencies accredited to operate in different countries.
Look in the Yellow Pages under "Adoption" or "Social Services" for private adoption agencies. If you live in a small town, you may want to check in a phone book from a larger community nearby.
Reach out to  adoptive parent support groups or adoptive parents for suggestions. Both are a great source of information about agencies and adoption, plus they are usually eager to share what they know with prospective adopters. To obtain lists of parent support groups in your state, contact your state's Adoption Specialist, NACAC ( parent group database or call 651-644-3036), or CWIG ( searchable database or call 800-394-3366).
Finding the Right Agency for You
To find a public or private agency that is a good fit for you, your values, and your unique situation, compare information from several agencies. Before selecting an agency, take the initiative to learn more about them by interviewing agency representatives by phone or in person. For example, you may want to ask:
Who can adopt from the agency?
What kinds of children does the agency place (ages, backgrounds, etc.)?
Where do the agency's children come from, and how many are legally free for adoption?
How long, on average, must one wait for a child? What is the time lapse between application and placement?
What are the agency’s requirements concerning forms, classes, fees, and visits?
How much does a completed adoption cost--in total and part by part?
Can the agency help applicants locate sources of financial aid, including subsidies?
What are the home study requirements?
How many (and what type of) children has the agency placed in each of the past few years?
Have any of the agency's adoptions fallen through or disrupted in the past five years? What does the agency do to make sure that adoptions don't disrupt after placement?
What is the agency's policy toward applicants who do not accept the first child offered?
What services--such as parenting classes, support group activities, access to therapy and counseling, and respite care--will the agency provide before and after a child is placed in your home?
Can the agency provide references from parents who recently adopted from the agency? (Your state's Adoption Specialist may also know if complaints have been filed against the agency.)
TOP
Step 6: Let Your Agency Know You Are Serious about Adopting
When you call an agency to let staff there know you are interested in adopting, the person you talk to may ask a series of screening questions or simply volunteer to send literature about the agency. If you want to adopt relatively soon, find out how you can get the process started.
One common first step is an orientation meeting or training session for prospective adoptive parents. At the meeting or training you will likely:
meet social workers and learn about policies and practices regarding adoption;
learn what types of children are available for adoption through the agency;
learn about foster care;
be asked to examine your feelings about adoption, and judge if adoption is right for you;
gain insight into the challenges and rewards of adoptive parenting; and
obtain application materials.
TOP
Step 7: Complete an Adoption Application
If possible, attend an orientation session before filling out application paperwork so you are confident in the agency's ability to meet your needs. Application fees are often non-refundable, even if you decide to work through a different agency or change your mind about adopting.
If you find that the application process is hard to understand, ask the agency or another adoptive parent for help. Don't let the challenges of completing forms keep you from pursuing adoption.
Find out how long it will take for the agency to process your application once you have completed the forms and paid the fee. Ask when you should next expect to hear from the agency, and how you can schedule and prepare for a home study.
TOP
Step 8: Begin the Home Study Process
A home study can loosely be defined as an educational process designed to help your social worker learn more about your ability to parent and provide a stable home, to teach you about adoption and its affect on children and families, and to prepare you to parent a child whose experiences and history are very different from your own. Everyone who hopes to adopt must have a completed home study. Depending on the agency, the worker, and the prospective parents' cooperation, the process can take from two months to a year.
Items You May Need for a Home Study
Specific requirements for home studies vary by state and agency, so be sure to ask for a list of the items and information your agency needs.
The following items are commonly required during the home study process:
an autobiographical statement--a statement you create about your life history;
certified copies of birth certificates for you, your partner, and any children;
a certified copy of your marriage license;
certified copies of divorce decrees;
the death certificate of a former spouse;
certified copies of the finalization or adoption decrees for any adopted children;
child abuse and criminal record clearances, or a notarized statement from the police declaring that you and other adults in your home have faced no felony convictions;
income verification (may include tax returns, W-2 forms, and paycheck stubs);
a statement of health provided by a physician, which might include lab test results;
written references from friends, employers, neighbors, etc.; and
finger prints.
At some point in the process, you may also need to pay for the home study. The cost through a public agency may be quite low or even free; other agencies typically charge between $1,000 and $4,000 for a completed study.
Questions You May Be Asked
During home study meetings with your worker, you can expect to answer questions about your background, your education, your job history, your marriage, your leisure activities, your religion (particularly for religiously affiliated agencies), and your experiences with children. For instance, the worker may ask:
What is your family like, and how will you integrate a new child into it? How will your extended family treat an adopted child?
How is your marriage? How do you make decisions, resolve conflicts, and share your feelings?
Why do you want to adopt?
What is your home like? Are there places for your child to play or spend time alone?
What is your neighborhood like?
How do you plan to address discipline issues with your new child?
What was your family like when you were growing up? How were you raised? Are you close to your parents?Where do you work? Is your schedule flexible enough to accommodate the responsibilities that come with parenting?
What sort of child care arrangements will you make for your child?
The goal of home studies is to help agencies locate the best home for each child it places, and make good matches between parents and children. If you have questions about your study, ask your social worker or agency.
TOP
Step 9: Attend Adoption and Parenting Classes
Public agencies commonly require pre-placement training to acquaint prospective parents with issues that can arise after a child or sibling group is placed with them. School-aged adoptees bring not only unique special needs, but also a history of life experiences that will affect their interactions with adoptive parents, new siblings, schoolmates, and others. Issues related to disability, culture, early abuse, and a child's birth family should all be discussed before a child is placed in your home.
Even if your agency does not require training, learn all you can about adoption issues. The more you know, the better.
TOP
Step 10: Begin Searching for a Child
If you adopt through an agency, learn how the agency will conduct a search. What criteria do they use to match children with families? Are they willing to search outside your immediate area for a child or youth? If you become interested in a child or youth from another state, will the agency help you to move forward with adopting the child or youth?
The adoption exchanges listed below publish photolistings and provide other information about children who are available for adoption:
1500 N. Superior St., Suite 303
Toledo, OH  43604
