 Contact: CRUSA; Application ; E-mail: Info@CairnRescueUSA.com
This dog is in the CRUSA rescue program.
Meet Ramey!
Hi! My name is Ramey. I am a red wheaten miniature cairn.  Really, I am tiny! I only weigh 9 pounds and will not get any  bigger. I have the greatest little personality and love to play and run around. You think that is not a big deal, well it is. I am blind! Yep, blind. I was born blind and so I do not know what it is like to see anything around me. But be assured, I am very well adjusted and can see with my nose and ears in a big way, so I do not miss out on anything.
What The Eye Doctor Said
Foster mom took me to see a vet ophthalmologist to determine if anything  could be done about my blindness, but the doctor said no, that what I have is a genetic condition called microphthalmia, which is a big word for a little tiny dog!  Microphthalmia, also known as namaphthalmia, is a birth defect that results in  an abnormally small eye. It may occur in one or both eyes, and it is in  both of my eyes. Microphtalmia is often found in conjunction with other  eye abnormalities such as cataracts and glaucoma. Luckily I have neither, which foster mom says is great. The eye doctor gave me a thorough eye exam and said I was the cutest little guy he has ever seen. I got down on the floor and walked around and only bumped into two things, but no biggie, I just turned around and went the other direction. The doctor said my tiny little structure kind of fits my eye condition, and would make someone a  wonderful pet. He even took me back into the clinic to show me off to every one there. They all fell in love with me.
How I Came To CRUSA
Foster Mom here: Ramey was found by a nice lady who picked Ramey up from a rainy day, walking in circles in the middle of a road. He was lost and confused to say the least. The nice lady took him to a vet and got him all cleaned up and up to date on shots. Cairn Rescue USA was notified that this tiny little cairn was at a Humane Society and needed  help. I got Ramey from a transport from western KY to Louisville, KY.  I fell in love with him at first sight.  He reminds me of a little fox pup, with his tiny little face and red coat. Everyone that has met Ramey has fallen in love with this tiny little guy, and no one can tell when they first meet him that he is blind. My daughter thinks he is playing tricks on us and can  see, because honestly, sometimes he looks right up at you like he can see you. But I know he cannot. He follows me around the house, by hearing my footsteps on the floor.  It only took him a couple of  days to figure out the house and yard layout. He also will come up the stairs outside to the back door with no problem. He figured them out the first hour he was here. He will not go down them, however, because he cannot figure out the down thing.
I Am Little But Mighty and Very Smart
I am little but mighty.  I run around in the big yard and now that I knows the place, I do not bump into anything, unless one of the other dogs is laying down, of course in a different place every time, and then I just walk or jump right over them.  They do not know that I cannot see and so of course they will not get out of my way.  Foster mom just laughs at my funny little bark, which I do when I smell something or  hear something different. I may not be able to see it, but I know it is  there, so I let it know I know. I am  extremely well adjusted to my blindness and do not let it get in my way of enjoying life and playing with the other dogs and with my toys.
My Ideal Home
Foster Mom says I am a great little bundle of joy and will make a great asset to a wonderful home. So will you give me that wonderful home that I need? I will need a home with a fenced yard, so I  can run and play without getting lost again. I love kids of any  age. I bark at the cats, not that I know what a cat looks like, but they  are too fast for me to get them. I will not harm them if I actually catch them because I have sniffed them and no big deal, the cat just swatted me and I went the other way. So now that you know my story, won't you adopt me and take care of me for the rest of my life?
Where Is Ramey Now?
Ramey is located in a private foster home in Louisville, Kentucky.
I Am Up To Date!
Ramey is up-to-date on his vaccinations, has been neutered, has tested negative for heartworm disease, is micro-chipped and is on a monthly heartworm preventative. To Adopt him, please complete our Adoption Application.
See More Photos of Me!
To see more photos of me, click HERE .
Watch My Videos To See How Well Adjusted I Am!
This video shows me playing with my foster canine brothers Sebastian and Cody:
This video shows me playing with my stuffed toy:
This video shows me following foster mom around the yard:
This video shows me going up stairs:
This video shows me finding drinking water:
This video is from when I went to see the eye doctor - foster mom explains what he told her:
{pn0613}
