Queen shakes hands with Martin McGuinness
Historic. Symbolic. Significant. See below for comment .
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 11:45 AM Permalink 5 comments
Queen visits Irish Roman Catholic church
“Blasphemy!” cried one of His Grace’s communicants, in an irate email received yesterday.
 “Ecumenical religion is apostasy,” he wrote, “which runs contrary to the Queen’s Coronation Oath to uphold the Protestant Reformed Religion.” He insisted that Her Majesty should be denouncing ‘Romanist priests’; not consorting with them. They are ‘purveyors of false religion, deniers of the efficacy of the atoning death of Christ and of His sole mediatorship’. He concluded: “For the Supreme Governor of the Church of England to enter a Roman Catholic Church and shake hands with Romanist priests and cardinals is to condone their erroneous views and endorse their falsehoods.”
Utter tosh.
The Supreme Governor of the Church of England is also the British Head of State, and by virtue of being so she is obliged to exercise her public ‘outward government’ in a manner which accords with the private welfare of her subjects – of whatever creed, ethnicity, sexuality or political philosophy. The Royal Supremacy in regard to the Church is, as Hooker said, ‘in its essence the right of supervision over the administration of the Church, vested in the Crown as the champion of the Church, in order that the religious welfare of its subjects may be provided for’. Theologians and politicians may argue over the manner of this ‘religious welfare’ or the precise meaning of what Hooker meant by the ‘true fulfilment’ of a ‘right relationship with God’, but that is the function of theologians and politicians. For Hooker, church and society were one.
The Queen is acutely involved in leading men to salvation: ‘A gross error it is, to think that regal power ought to serve for the good of the body, and not of the soul; for men’s temporal peace, and not for their eternal safety,’ wrote Hooker. If the state were concerned solely with economics and the material, it would cease to be concerned with people’s welfare in respect of a right relationship with God. Hooker’s articulation of the prerogative of the Crown over its subjects’ religious welfare is the same as that which still underlies the role of the Queen in relation to the Church of England.
So the brief walk over the road from the Anglican St Macartin's Cathedral to St Michael's Roman Catholic church is consistent with both her Coronation Oath and her vocation as a Christian and Church leader.
Indeed, His Grace is increasingly persuaded that the Queen is the greatest living embodiment of the Gospel of Christ of any world leader; the very incarnation of patience, kindness, grace and forgiveness. In Northern Ireland she is quite literally a bringer of peace, sowing love where there is hatred, and pardon where there is injury. She instils faith where there is doubt, and hope where there is despair. She shines light where there is darkness, and brings joy where there is sadness.
Politicians rarely achieve the spiritual objectives of St Francis’. They might quote them, talk about them, debate them, or make manifesto pledges to fulfil them. But the Queen just gets on with it, and lives them.
Today, she will shake hands with Martin McGuinness in Belfast, and we are told that it will be captured on camera. This has been greeted with incredulity and despair by representatives on both sides of the sectarian divide. Martin McGuinness did, after all, play a not insignificant role in the murder of the Queen’s cousin, the Lord Mountbatten. But she will not feign pardon or utter words of forgiveness: in the symbolic shaking of the hand of a terrorist and murderer, she lays bare her heart, which is for peace, reconciliation, and hope.
To those who criticise her for walking into a Roman Catholic church or shaking hands with a former leader of the IRA, consider what Jesus might do.
In an era beyond conflict, he would not hold grudges or harbour unforgiveness. He urges us to love our enemies, which requires a counter-intuitive act of will. And that might mean the occasional visit to a Roman Catholic church, a mosque, gurdwara or mandir. It might also mean encounter with one’s enemies or critics, which involves discussion, and even a handshake.
The Queen doesn’t do emotion in public: the nearest she has ever got to bearing her soul was in her address to the nation following the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. But she does ‘do God’. As she said in Dublin last year, it is important ‘to bow to the past, but not be bound by it’. By shaking hands with the Sinn Féin deputy first minister, she is recognising not only his elected position, but that things have moved on. The bombs, blood and carnage of Enniskillen have been transformed into another milestone in the peace process in Northern Ireland. As the Queen reaches out her hand in friendship and reconciliation, Martin McGuinness extends his to the ultimate symbol of British rule in the Province.
Blessed are the peacemakers.
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 9:58 AM Permalink 13 comments
Tuesday, June 26, 2012
Egypt’s first elected Pharaoh
As democracy spreads throughout what the West insist on calling the ‘Islamic world’, Egypt is seeing the firstfruits of the ‘Arab Spring’. While Libya’s uncertain future is still emerging, and Syria faces a certain future of civil war, Mohamed Morsi has become the first freely elected president of Egypt. The Islamist Muslim Brotherhood, once proscribed by Hosni Mubarak, is on the ascendancy.
With this election dies all Western geo-political influence in Egypt, and also quite possibly the Camp David accords which heralded peace with Israel. With Islamists in Iran, Islamists in Gaza, Islamists in Syria and Islamists in Egypt, we must thank Allah that the ‘Islamic world’ is as fractured and fragmented as the Christian one. There is no more social cohesion, unity of doctrine or meeting of minds among the disparate expressions of Islam as there are between the myriad of denominations, factions and cults which purport to constitute Christendom. The ‘Islamic world’ is simply a convenient classification of the West: it is meaningless because it implies a geographic entity unified by a monolithic faith – a caliphate. But the ‘Islamic world’ has no universal understanding of this, and so the concept is as meaningless to Muslims as it is to those of other faiths and none.
But that won’t stop Mohamed Morsi, for whom the ‘Brotherhood’ does indeed constitute the ‘Muslim world’, the unity of Islam, the Ummah. Political Islam is the only Islam: Egypt’s allies are no longer in the West, but with the jihadic struggle of other Islamist movements who seek to depose those corrupt and repressive dictatorships who consort with the Great Satan.
President Morsi has pledged to rule Egypt for all Egyptians, but don’t expect much on human rights or liberty if you’re female or Coptic Christian, and even less if you happen to be both. And you really should expect a high degree of antagonism if you’re a military type, for the new President won’t be keen on the constitutional constraints imposed by the unelected generals of yesterday, who hastily cobbled together a formula to prevent another 35-year pharaoh exercising supreme power. President Morsi will bide his time and cultivate a number of reconciliatory faces in order to appear all things to all people. One day he will be full of conservative religious fervour; the nest he will be moderate and liberal. One day he will be orthodox Brotherhood; the next he will be no friend of their at all.
But we must not forget that in his heart he loves his god above all, and that his doctrine of his god isn’t particularly disposed to equality, democracy or the existence of Israel. “We as Egyptians, Muslims and Christians,” he said, “we will face together the strife and conspiracies that target our national unity.”
For the Brotherhood, there is only one ‘strife’ in the region: there is only one conspiracy which targets Egyptian national unity.
And that is the Zionist one.
Allahu Akbar.
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 7:17 AM Permalink 28 comments
Monday, June 25, 2012
Most young people do not know Battle of Britain was fought in the air
'On the night of April 26-27, 1944, Jackson had been due to go on leave after completing his scheduled tour of 30 operations, but he volunteered for one more sortie ‘for luck’ before celebrating the birth of his baby son. This meant he was the flight engineer on a Lancaster aircraft that was returning from a bombing raid in Germany when it was attacked by an enemy fighter aircraft.
'When a fire broke out on the starboard wing, Jackson did not hesitate to act, even though he had been wounded. The Lancaster was flying at 200mph and at 20,000ft, yet he tackled the blaze in a most extraordinary fashion.
'Jackson clipped on his parachute and tucked a hand-held fire extinguisher into his life-jacket, before clambering out of the cockpit and back along the fuselage. His precarious mission had hardly begun when his parachute pack opened and the canopy spilled into the cockpit.
'By the time Jackson had managed to crawl further along the fuselage in the bitter cold, the fire had spread and he slipped, losing his fire extinguisher into the night. His face, hands and clothing were now badly burnt and, to make matters worse, he was then dragged through the flames and over the edge of the wing.
'Jackson was last seen by his fellow aircrew hurtling towards the ground with his parachute ablaze and only partly open. He landed heavily, breaking his ankle. Severely burnt, he was taken prisoner of war and paraded through a German town.
'The citation for his VC, received from George VI, concluded: "By his ready willingness to face these dangers he set an example of self-sacrifice which will ever be remembered."'
Or not.
In the O-level mêlée and the tensions between Mssrs Gove and Clegg about abolishing GCSEs to restore a degree of academic rigour to state qualifications, it is easy to overlook the consequential details of chronic ‘dumbing down’.
Lord Ashcroft commissioned a poll to coincide with the establishing of a permanent memorial to Bomber Command , which is to be dedicated and unveiled by the Queen in Green Park, London, on 28th June. The memorial honours the 55,573 men of Bomber Command who lost their lives during the Second World War. You’d think that knowledge of this might be part of the national consciousness, imbued through the fervent patriotism latent within our schools and inculcated through a history syllabus which focuses on our great island story...
Yet only just over two in five secondary school children know the Battle of Britain was fought in the air, according to Lord Ashcroft’s survey. Some 1,007 children aged 11-18 were interviewed face-to-face between 15-23 May 2012. The survey was conducted throughout Great Britain and the results are nationally representative. The research also shows that only one third of children know the Second World War began in 1939, while only one in five know what happened on D-Day.
The results of the survey highlight the importance of ensuring that current and future generations remember the sacrifices made by those who served Britain in time of war. Key findings include:
•Only 34% of children – including less than half (45%) of those aged 17-18 – knew the Second World War began in 1939. 39% knew it ended in 1945 (again including 45% of 17-18 year-olds).
•While 92% of children could correctly identify a picture of Churchill the insurance dog, only 62% correctly identified a photo of Sir Winston Churchill. •43% knew the Battle of Britain was fought in the air; 29% said it was fought on land, and 8% at sea. 20% said they did not know.
•Only one third (34%) correctly said the Battle of Britain took place in the 1940s, and only 11% of these – about one in 27 of the whole sample – knew it happened in 1940.
•Only a fifth of children had some idea of what happened on D-Day. The most frequent answer was that it was the day the war ended.
•86% correctly said there had been two World Wars. One in twenty thought there had been three.
•Nearly a third (29%) were unable to give any unprompted explanation of why Britain had fought the Second World War. This included more than a fifth (21%) of those aged 17-18 and a quarter of those aged 15-16.
•89% correctly named Germany as an adversary in the Second World War. Only 15% named Japan unprompted. Nearly a quarter thought Britain ’s enemies had included Russia , France , China , the USA , Australia or New Zealand.
•Only 61% correctly named the USA as an ally of Britain ’s in the Second World War. One in ten thought our allies had included Italy, Germany or Japan.
•Offered four different explanations for what Bomber Command is or was, only 36% correctly said it had been part of the RAF.
There was some encouraging news, however: 95% correctly identified the Royal British Legion’s poppy, and 84% knew what it signified. Commenting on the findings, Lord Ashcroft, who made a £1 million donation towards the new Bomber Command Memorial, said:
“It is sobering to find that so many children of secondary school age simply do not know important facts about crucial events in Britain ’s recent history. My own father fought in D-Day, and I was keen to discover how much today’s young people know of what happened just 70 years ago.
“I don’t mean to criticise the children. We must all take responsibility for ensuring that what we know is passed to the next generation. These findings show we can never be complacent about our duty to remember.
“One of the ways we can do this is to build lasting memorials to those who have sacrificed so much to serve our country. That is the purpose of the Bomber Command Memorial, which I am proud to support.
“The Memorial is long overdue. Those who flew on countless missions over Nazi Germany and occupied Europe , many of whom were barely out of their teenage years, knew the odds were stacked against them, and many did not return. All of us should be thankful for the sacrifice they made to ensure that we can all live in a free society.”
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 8:34 AM Permalink 142 comments
Sunday, June 24, 2012
Archbishop of Canterbury blasts Cameron's Big Society as ‘aspirational waffle’
The outgoing Archbishop of Canterbury has launched another broadside against the overarching theme of David Cameron’s premiership. In a section of his soon-to-be-released book Faith in the Public Square (which has conveniently been released sooner than expected exclusively to The Observer ), Dr Williams dismisses the ‘Big Society’ as ‘aspirational waffle’, explaining:
'...if the big society is anything better than a slogan looking increasingly threadbare as we look at our society reeling under the impact of public spending cuts, then discussion on this subject has got to take on board some of those issues about what it is to be a citizen and where it is that we most deeply and helpfully acquire the resources of civic identity and dignity.'
Now, some might think it a bit rich of an archbishop who has defined his entire occupancy of the See of Canterbury by dense and inaccessible verbiage to criticise the Prime Minister for spouting ‘waffle’ – aspirational or otherwise. And you can expect to read such painfully obvious swipes at Dr Williams upon the Blogosphere and in the pages of The Daily Mail. But, the incontrovertible fact is that the Archbishop has a point.
The concept of the ‘Big Society’ was widely trailed before the 2010 General Election: it was bold, visionary, even revolutionary in its principal objectives. The central thesis was a demand for ‘a massive, sweeping, radical redistribution of power’. This, Mr Cameron said , had to be:
‘From the state to citizens; from the government to parliament; from Whitehall to communities. From Brussels to Britain; from judges to the people; from bureaucracy to democracy. Through decentralisation, transparency and accountability we must take power away from the political elite and hand it to the man and woman in the street.’
It was all about the restoration of civil society: in the Big Society, we glimpsed David Cameron’s core philosophy. It was a wholly necessary political pursuit to fix ‘Broken Britain’, and the policy by which his premiership may be judged to have succeeded or failed. So important was the vision that he appointed a dedicated Big Society adviser in the House of Lords: Lord Wei was based at the Office for Civil Society in the Cabinet Office, advising the Government on all aspects of Big Society thinking.
Sadly, the Prime Minister permitted the vision to be relentlessly buffeted by bureaucrats and hijacked by the ‘cuts’ narrative, or, as Dr Williams puts it, the ‘deeply damaging withdrawal of the state from its responsibilities to the most vulnerable’. Interminable delays and Whitehall inaction frustrated one of its principal architects – Steve Hilton – to the extent that he went off ‘on sabbatical’. Lord Wei subsequently resigned, citing ‘work-life balance’ as the principal reason.
The fault lies squarely with David Cameron: he never effectively articulated the meaning of the Big Society: he never expounded it for popular consumption. When Tony Blair spoke of ‘Education, education, education’, everyone knew that it was about schools and students and raising standards. Forget that he failed: that is peripheral to the issue raised by Dr Williams. The fact is that the Big Society remains undefined, nebulous and opaque. As the Archbishop says: “The big society, introduced in the run-up to the last election as a major political idea for the coming generation, has suffered from a lack of definition about the means by which such ideals can be realised.”
The idea was a perfect unifying policy for the Coalition; indeed, the formation of a Conservative-LibDem partnership augured well for the vision, because it is fundamentally both liberal and democratic. David Cameron’s plans for free schools are both liberal and democratic; his plans for a ‘pupil premium’ for the most challenging pupils are both liberal and democratic; his desire to redistribute NHS funding to the areas with the lowest life expectancy is both liberal and democratic. His opposition to further taxes on jobs is both liberal and democratic; his desire for lower personal taxation is both liberal and democratic; his opposition to ID cards is both liberal and democratic. And what liberal and democrat could possibly resile from the Conservatives’ proposed reforms to Parliament – that of granting the electorate the right to recall their MP, and petition for a parliamentary debate?
What went wrong?
Some of these policies never came to fruition; some have been U-turned. Cameron permitted his Conservative-led Government to be tarnished with the primacy of economics: Mammon, materialism and the market are perceived to be his primary concerns, such that any and every policy is perceived to be about money rather than the size of the state.
The Prime Minister needs to remind us of his core conviction: that big government is a big part of the big problem, and that it exacerbates the nation’s social problems. He needs to talk about personal and social responsibility, liberated from state control, which fosters fraternity, strengthens families, inculcates respect and permits the application of common sense. He needs to remember that there is little point in churning out ‘free schools’ to improve social mobility if children are nurtured in a state-induced poverty trap which actively discriminates against married couples. He must bring some ‘joined-up’ thinking to his education reforms by actively supporting families and backing commitment. He must tackle drug abuse, alcohol abuse, family breakdown and the worst rate of teenage pregnancy in Western Europe not by pouring in more billions of pounds, but by liberating people from inhuman state interference, monolithic state surveillance and oppressive state control.
If David Cameron wants a Big Society, he must bring ‘We the people’ into his thinking. And to do that, he must devolve and trust. But if he will not do that within his own party ,     he is not likely to achieve it in the country. The Big Society is about personal and collective responsibility – the Church has been doing it for centuries. And that irrefutable fact calls for humility on the part of the Prime Minister: instead of criticising and lecturing church leaders, he might just sit at their feet and learn about the church’s centuries of experience in educating children, feeding the poor, housing the homeless and ensuring justice for the oppressed.
The Big Society is a true Conservative vision: it respects the individual, embraces diversity and empowers community. It shows faith, deep faith, in mankind as the vehicle of compassion, of neighbourliness, of love. It demands the bottom-up participation of the traditional institutions – family, church, charities, community and country. So any attack on the family, any negation of religious freedom and any denigration of our instinctive patriotism is an offence against the Big Society: you cannot force families or coerce charities or the church into doing what’s right when you pursue policies and issue diktats which are wrong.
There is a balance to be struck between liberalism and conservatism. And that ought to be at the heart of every policy. If David Cameron really believes that strong families lead to strong societies, he must put his policies where his heart is. If he believes that the church is indispensible to social cohesion, he must harness its strengths and build on its conservative values and roll back the immoral cultural revolution.
The ‘Big Society’ is to David Cameron what ‘Education, education, education’ was to Tony Blair, and the Prime Minister must make sure it does not go the same way. The Big Society is not only in need of urgent definition, but targets must be set in order that progress may be measured and data verified qualitatively and quantitatively. If there can be no empirical verification, we cannot know if David Cameron has succeeded in delivering. And if we cannot know if he has succeeded in implementing his vision, we cannot know what manner of prime minister he was: a great reforming one or just another sophist and salesman.
So, it’s two cheers for the Archbishop of Canterbury from this blog. It would have been three, but instead of using his Office to assist the Prime Minister in defining what he means by the Big Society, or advising on how its ideals might be realised, Dr Williams is heading off to Magdalene College, Cambridge, to inculcate the next generation with his own aspirational waffle.
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 9:16 AM Permalink 65 comments
Saturday, June 23, 2012
Church of England part of the corporatist establishment
Sir,
In so many matters which affect the lives of the British people the Church of England, while failing to promote Christianity, promotes politically contentious matters such as wind farms, regional Government and the European Union and even fails to speak out against murderous attacks on Christians throughout the world.
But I see the Church establishment has been forced to drop plans for six giant wind turbines on land it owns in North Devon. Angry parishioners noted that the Government was providing (out of the people's pockets) vast subsidies without which the wind farm would have been an economic nonsense. As one parishioner said: “This is a great moment, it’s a David and Goliath victory. The Church is an enormous institution and a very large landowner." Indeed it is and in this as on so many other issues it is on the side of big Government and big money and totally alienated from the flock they claim to lead! They are verily a part of the corporatist Statist establishment, mere politicians in fancy clothes. They could change of course and become a moral light again, but I doubt they will.
Rodney Atkinson
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 9:48 AM Permalink 74 comments
Friday, June 22, 2012
Sorry, but ‘sorry’ isn’t good enough
Ed Miliband is apologising today for Labour’s open, generous and unlimited immigration policy, which saw millions of foreign nationals flood into the country ostensibly to meet the needs of the economy. Forget how many billions it cost the taxpayer in housing, welfare benefits and translation services. Forget how many schools have been forced to employ dozens of ‘support staff’ in order to deal with half a million children who do not speak English as their first language. Forget how many indigenous Britons were bypassed for council housing in favour of ‘higher priority’ immigrants with greater needs (ie more children). Forget the impact on hospital waiting lists, or to getting an appointment with a GP or dentist. And forget how much irreversible damage all this has had on community cohesion.
When Ed Miliband apologises for Labour’s immigration policy, he has statistics in his head, political posturing in his heart, and absolutely nothing in his soul. This is no sincere or meaningful apology, because there is no attitude of regret and not a shred of insight or analysis into the culture of equality and interminable political correctness which produced the policy.
Remember Gordon Brown calling Gillian Duffy a ‘bigot’ merely for expressing concern about immigration? Her response was natural, human, compassionate and concerned about her community and way of life. To Labour, she was simply a ‘bigot’. Gordon Brown grovelled and squirmed, but his apology was hollow, for we all knew what he really thought and believed in his heart.
Labour’s immigration policy has not been merely a matter of money: it has destroyed trust. Immigration has been on such a scale for so long that entire ghetto communities have imported their customs and cultures and refused to integrate, forcing Britons not out of their homes but out of their country. Among the ethnic restaurants and foreign corner shops there is fear, a lack of understanding, an absence of compatriotism, unity, cohesion.
And there is an increase in fundamentalist religion, of the sort which has no time or tolerance of the mores and traditions of liberal democracy. For some of these immigrants – the undoubted minority but very vocal – there is an aggressive assertion of divine law, an intolerance of apostasy and religious freedom, and a total rejection of the foundational principles of the Enlightenment.
Labour’s immigration policy was not about economic charts, employment figures or equality tables: it destroyed lives, killed trust, harmed communities, and challenged our very sense of what it means to be British.
True sorrow means repentance, which necessitates profound change way beyond the rhetorical flourish of political posturing. If Labour were truly sorry, they would need to bring forward policy proposals to regain sovereign control of our borders. And that would mean not only reconfiguring welfare and benefits to deter bogus claims for asylum; it would involve fundamental reconsideration of the unconditional ‘free movement of people’ within the EU. And that would set us on the path to withdrawal.
Sorry, Ed, but unless you’re prepared to go there: your apology is worthless.
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 9:11 AM Permalink 64 comments
Thursday, June 21, 2012
'I love Michael Gove', but...
The MSM today is full of more good news of the greatest of glad tidings in the continuing education revolution, which is irritating the hell out of socialist-inclined teaching profession (ie 99.85% of them) and their guardian Marxist unions, to whom Secreary of State Michael Gove is "'an evil entity' bent on 'demolishing state schools' who is surrounded by 'cronies' and pursuing 'fetishes' while 'terrorising teachers' and empowering 'vultures'" (h/t Paul Goodman for the summary ).
Having sent a King James Bible to every state school (how many politicians would have done that?), and having demolished Lord Leveson in defence of liberty, the fearless Gove has taken an axe to to GCSEs and announced the return of O-levels (for the academically able) and CSEs (for those less so). After decades of breastfeeding, the nation's children are to be weaned off milk onto beef: the 'gold standard' is to return, we read, accompanied with the abolition of the National Curriculum.
And so, once again, Michael Gove is being talked of a potential prime minister , and Paul Goodman has penned a love letter .
His Grace loves Michael Gove, too. But...
There can be no real abolition of the National Curriculum while the state determines the the content and rigour of the qualifications: the two are mutually integrally contingent. By all means, heap your praises upon the man, but the contradictions and tensions remain.
On one day we read that all children are to be
forced
encouraged to recite poetry ; the next, teachers are to be put in charge of children's learning. One day we are told that the EBacc will include English, maths, two sciences, a language and humanity (ignoring the arts and RE); the next, the National Curriculum is to be abolished. If the country's primary qualification to certify completion of a 'rounded education' is prescriptive, then it follows that the National Curriculum is necessarily sustained.
Any move to dilute, devolve and deregulate the National Curriculum is unlikely to lead to a strengthening of educational provision: school governors,  heads and teachers will simply invoke the liberties granted by the  Academies Bill 2010 to base their educational ethos on the magic breathing  philosophy of Goldie Hawn , on the Islamic principles of sharia, or on Dawkins’ extremist atheism .
It  is strange indeed, not to say something of a contradiction, that the  academy or ‘free school’ movement, which proposes to permit local groups  of parents and teachers the autonomy to develop their own curricula and  forge a distinct educational ethos, should simultaneously have imposed  upon it a standardised national history syllabus which is to be written  by Niall Ferguson .
Mr  Ferguson has his views and his version of history. But an awful lot of  academic historians, history teachers, and teaching organisations  disagree with him. How does that equate with less prescription, yet an  imposed centralised curriculum?
Michael Gove cannot have it both ways.Either one trusts parents and teachers or one does not.Either one is prescriptively imposing a centralised national curriculum or one is not.
And  if this right-wing, Christian, Whiggish Secretary of State is permitted by Act of Parliament to demand  that academies and free schools teach a particular view of history or encourage children to recite poetry, then his  successors will be endowed with that very same authority to ensure the  teaching of whatever leftist, globalist, multi-faith, multi-cultural or  ‘environmentalist’ creed he or she requires.
With the advantage that 99.85% of teachers and 100% of the teaching unions are far more disposed to such a worldview.
So,  when we laud Michael Gove for placing an  emphasis on the rigorous study of traditional subjects and the reintroduction of difficult exams rather than  wasting time on what he calls 'pseudo-subjects' and inspid GCSEs, let us not forget he forgets that Goldie  Hawn’s school will be free to prioritise the technique of breathing  over sentence structure and poetry recital (though the latter may well assist with breathing techniques).
And when Mr Gove encourages a focus on  the teaching of language and literature, his ‘greats’ of Shakespeare and Chaucer are not going to be everyone’s: there will be one or two governor-bishops who might want the list expanded to include Herbert,  Donne, Newman, Hopkins, Eliot, Chesterton, Greene and Belloc. But the final list of these 'greats' will ultimately be determined by the state's qualifications agency (or appointed quango), which necessarily remains responsible for developing the curriculum, improving and delivering  tests and assessments, and reviewing and reforming qualifications.
His Grace's love for Michael Gove is not unconditional.
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 9:32 AM Permalink 44 comments
Wednesday, June 20, 2012
Is the Church of England about to adopt anti-Semitism?
There ia a motion tabled at the Church of England’s General Synod in York (10 July 2012) which seeks to adopt formally and deepen the Church’s links with the Ecumenical Accompaniment Programme in Palestine and Israel ( EAPPI ).   The Anglican Friends of Israel ( AFI ) are a little uneasy about this: EAPPI is a creation of the World Council of Churches and totally devoted to the anti-Semitic Palestinian narrative of the Middle East conflict, which it disseminates far and wide, particularly among the churches.   Should the Synod adopt the EAPPI, it would be adopting the ' Nakba ' agenda along with the organisation.
AFI has produced a document outlining their concerns about the EAPPI, its parent organisation and the eagerness with which some Christians are embracing its distorted narrative. His Grace reproduces it in its entirety:
Will the Nakba narrative be too tempting for Synod to resist?
A Christian Church voting to support an organisation founded by the World Council of Churches whose existence is to protect innocents from brutal soldiers of an occupying force.  What could possibly go wrong?
Well quite a lot actually.  At July’s Synod Church of England Bishops, Clergy and Laity  will be invited to ‘adopt’ the Ecumenical Accompaniers Programme in Palestine and Israel.  EAPPI describes its vision as bringing “internationals to the West Bank to experience life under occupation. Ecumenical Accompaniers provide protective presence to vulnerable communities, monitor and report human rights abuses and support Palestinians and Israelis working together for peace.”
EAPPI describes its mission as “to accompany Palestinians and Israelis in their non-violent actions and to carry out concerted advocacy efforts to end the occupation. Participants in the programme monitor and report violations of human rights and international humanitarian law, support acts of non-violent resistance alongside local Christian and Muslim Palestinians and Israeli peace activists, offer protection through non-violent presence, engage in public policy advocacy and, in general, stand in solidarity with the churches and all those struggling against the occupation.”
In other words, EAPPI exists solely to criticise Israel, a country which has had to contend with continual attempts by its neighbours to destroy it even prior to 1947 when the United Nations voted for a place of Jewish national self-determination in its ancient homeland.
EAPPI was spawned by The World Council of Churches which has largely adopted the ‘Nakba narrative’ of Palestinian victimhood and Israeli aggression, doggedly ignoring Arab terror and anti-semitism.  WCC debates and pronouncements on the Middle East all condemn Israel, particularly IDF soldiers who stand daily between Israel’s multi-ethic citizenry and determined Palestinian terrorists.  Examples of their notes and motions include
• September 11th 2001 the WCC passed a motion calling for “an international boycott of goods produced in illegal Israeli settlements in the occupied territories.”
• Of veteran terrorist Yassir Arafat, Peter Weiderud, Director of the Commission of the Churches on International Affairs wrote “President Arafat will be remembered for bringing the Palestinian people together and for his unique and tenacious contribution to the cause of establishing their national home.”
• The General Secretary of the WCC falsely called Israel’s boarding of the Mava Mari ‘illegal’, ignoring the violence of the jihadists who inflicted serious injuries on IDF personnel.  Assumption of Israel’s guilt is second nature to the WCC.
• The WCC claims to support a 2-state solution to the conflict, yet in February 2001 it affirmed support for “ the right of return of Palestinian refugees” knowing that this would end the existence of Israel as a Jewish Homeland.
Notably absent from WCC statements on the Middle is explicit condemnation of Palestinian incitement to hatred of Israel and Jews, much of it directed at Palestinian children.  Neither is any blame for Palestinian suffering laid at the door of Palestinian leaders who have squandered $billions of aid on bribes and terrorism over decades.  Nor do human rights abuses by the Palestinian Authority, including the rights of Palestinian Christians, attract much WCC attention.
EAPPI embraces the WCC approach, blaming Palestinian misery on Israel alone and turning a blind eye to Palestinian corruption, rejectionism and incitement.  EAPPI ignores the Arab aggression and anti-Semitism that lies at the root of the Middle East conflict and existed decades before 1967 – the year in which Israel offered to return all territory captured in the June war started by Egypt, in return for recognition and cessation of hostilities.  (One wonders how many Ecumenical Accompaniers know about this offer, let alone the Arab response in the notorious Khartoum Declaration, “No recognition of Israel, No conciliation with Israel, and No negotiations with Israel.”)
EAPPI depicts the security barrier as an effort to steal land and resources from the Palestinians while downplaying one crucial fact: the number of terrorist attacks has decreased by 90 percent since the construction of the barrier. Even Palestinian terrorists admit the barrier has made it difficult to launch terror attacks. Instead, EAPPI uses the barrier to depict Israel as a racist nation despite its vibrantly multiracial, multi-faith society in which 1 in 5 Israeli citizens is Arab.  Despite claiming to support a 2 state solution, EAPPI links to WCC declarations that enshrine the ‘Right of Return’ of Palestinian refugees, a move which would spell the end of Israel as a homeland where Jews can exercise the national self-determination that EAPPI is so keen to see for Palestinians.
To spread its message, EAPPI use volunteer ‘Accompaniers’, whose training includes only a couple of hours on Israel’s perspective on the conflict, to go with Palestinians through checkpoints and be on the look out for any ‘abusive’ IDF activity.  Of the 3 months which these well-meaning but ill-informed Accompaniers spend in the Holy Land, only one day is dedicated to visiting Israel; so there is little opportunity for Accompaniers to meet Israelis apart from those who share EAPPI’s hostility towards Israel’s security measures.  Thus they cannot learn about the desire for peace amongst ordinary Israelis or the physical economic and mental suffering which decades of Arab terrorism have inflicted upon them.
On their return, Accompaniers speak at venues, including churches of all denominations, about their experiences in the Holy Land. Their pronouncements are often regarded as authoritative by audiences unaware that Accompaniers know next to nothing of the ways in which Arab hostility and terror impacts mainstream Israelis.  In this way an entirely skewed narrative fosters a climate of disdain and hostility towards Israel amongst UK Christians.
Islamist persecution, widespread throughout the Middle East, is the primary cause of the haemorrhage of Christians from the region. Yet once again, the Church’s spotlight is on Israel as Synod considers adopting EAPPI, an organisation that exists solely to criticise the one Middle Eastern democracy where Christianity flourishes and freedom of religion is a reality rather than an illusion.
It is alarming that, only 70 years after the Holocaust, some Christians are apparently so eager to embrace the Nakba narrative whose creators openly express their desire to see the end of Israel as a national homeland for the Jewish people. Can it be coincidence that Israel, the world’s only Jewish state, receives more opprobrium from Christian Churches than any other nation, including North Korea, Iran or the Sudan?  It is time for the Church of England to ask this question very seriously indeed.
UPDATE: (21 June 2012) Canon Andrew White has approved this statement for issue:
"As someone who has spent many years living in the Middle East-the Land of the Bible-, risking life and limb for peace and who is proud to be a friend of Israelis and Palestinians, Jews, Christians and Muslims, I do hope Synod will reject the motion calling for endorsement of EAPPI.
The motion is unjust and has caused deep pain in the Jewish Community. It neglects the wars against Israel's very right to exist. It overlooks the persecution of Jews in the Middle East that preceded the establishment of the modern State of Israel. Israel-like all countries-is not perfect, but she sincerely wishes to find peace.
It is not clear why Synod is being asked to adopt a one sided "NAKBA" narrative against Israel while our fellow Christians are dying in Iraq, Sudan, Egypt and Syria. There are many wonderful peace-loving people in the Palestinian territories who are entangled in a conflict they do not endorse, but the culture of incitement against Jews and Christians as well as the continuing rocket bombardments on Sderot are factors that Synod is being asked to ignore or at best discount."
Rev Canon Andrew White, St George's Baghdad. 21 June 2012
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 5:25 AM Permalink 249 comments
Tuesday, June 19, 2012
The CofE and the EU – ‘Not in my name’
So much has been written recently by sundry Anglicans who favour same-sex marriage, with quite a few ranting/blogging/tweeting ‘ Not in my name ’, in answer to the Church’s ‘ Response to the Government Equalities Office Consultation -“Equal Civil Marriage”- from the Church of England ’. It is as though there were some ‘I’m gay-friendly Spartacus’ campaign to confound those evil traditionalist bigots who have absolutely no authority to express their homo-sceptical views under the aegis and in the name of the Church of England.
Well, here we are again with an outburst of Europhilia, if not Eurotica, from that very self-same Church, which goes on and on with its quest to ‘encourage the religious communities to present projects meetings, seminars social activities...; to contribute to the recognition and understanding of the ethical and spiritual dimension of European unification and Politics’.
Daniel Hannan MEP observed four years ago:
As regular readers of this blog will know, one of my own recurrent themes is that the EU always pits the top brass against the Poor Bloody Infantry. This is true of the CBI, the TUC, the NFU, most political parties and, for that matter, most churches. I'll never forget walking past my local parish church in 1992 and seeing, among the prayers being posted, one for "the Maastricht Treaty and peace in Europe".
Now the Church of England has contributed to a report by the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee: ‘ The future of the European Union: UK Government policy ’. And on behalf of all communicants of the Established Church, the Archbishops’ Council says (in summary):
• The Church of England is a Church established by law in the UK but it is also by virtue of its history a European Church. It recognizes that to have any influence in Brussels it needs to work in partnership with others. To this end it has invested time, energy and resources in building appropriate bilateral and multilateral relations with key strategic partners across Europe.
• At the December 2011 European Council, the United Kingdom found itself not only without allies, but without credibility as a negotiating partner as it opposed measures which were intended to achieve broad policy goals which are fully in line with UK national interest. This exposed the domestic constraints on the British government and left its partners with the impression that it was an unreliable partner. An opportunity to show solidarity with partners was missed. The UK must work to rebuild trust with its EU partners.
• Successive British governments have failed to articulate a policy towards the United Kingdom’s closest partners that sustains public opinion while enabling it to take a constructive line across the board. Unless future governments develop more constructive and positive conceptions of and commitments to the EU and are able to sell them to an increasingly skeptical domestic audience then Britain could find itself slowly drifting towards the exit. Rather than looking to formalize a two-tier structure the Government should use existing Treaty provisions on enhanced  oooperation to press for a more flexible multi-speed Europe with variable membership across different policy spheres.
• By agreeing a legally binding intergovernmental agreement outside the scope of the EU Treaties, signatories to the fiscal compact have marginalised the EU institutions and in so doing weakened their ability to defend the single market. These new arrangements could also have significant implications for the EU’s common judicial space and common foreign and security policy. There is a very real worry therefore that the fiscal compact while saving the Euro might over time contribute to the EU’s demise.
• It is in the fundamental interests of the UK that the problems of the Eurozone are resolved and it is in the UK’s interests that this fiscal compact is folded back into existing EU Treaties as soon as possible. Those wishing to press ahead with a stability union should be able to do so using existing Treaty provisions that allow for enhanced cooperation. The development of a two-tier or even a multi-speed Europe is not without its riskes but it is preferable that such a development builds on existing Treaties rather than departing from them.
All of which amounts to the CofE opposing a referendum on EU membership. And there are some absolute gems in the detail:
...The Archbishop of Canterbury has a permanent representative to the EU institutions in Brussels and members of its Europe Bishop’s Panel are frequent visitors to Brussels and Strasbourg.
...The Church of England’s policy on Europe has been framed by a succession of papers which have been endorsed by the General Synod, its representative assembly. The Church of England engages with the European Union to ensure a values based approach to Europe's development. It does so in order to build a humane, socially conscious and sustainable Europe at peace with itself and its neighbours.
...The decision not to join the Euro until the economic conditions are right, and only then if approved by referenda, has meant that Britain has always been detached from conversations regarding the governance of the Eurozone. One of the stated reasons why past governments have opposed membership of the Eurozone is that along with monetary union must come closer fiscal integration. There is therefore a ‘remorseless logic’ of closer integration in-built into the Euro project that Britain has rightly or wrongly decided to exclude itself from.
...Moving beyond Eurozone specifics, the 2011 European Union Act acts as an emergency brake on Britain's relationship with the EU by requiring any proposed EU Treaty or Treaty change to be subject to a referendum. As a number of Lords Spiritual pointed out at the Second Reading, the Bill ties the government’s hands in future Treaty negotiations by delegating authority to the people acting through a referendum. The relatively negative state of public opinion towards the EU (in 2011 opinion polls indicated for the first time a majority in favour of leaving the EU) opens up the prospect of referendum defeat for any future government.
...The December 2011 European Council showed, however, that the 2011 European Union Act does not serve as an emergency brake on the integrationist tendencies of others. That other countries, even non‐Eurozone states, are now willing to openly press ahead without Britain, even if that means working outside the formal structures of the EU, is symptomatic of Britain’s waning influence in Europe and its declining ability to cultivate allies in Europe.
...Against this uncertain background future British governments need to develop constructive and positive conceptions and commitments to the EU, sell these ideas to an increasingly sceptical domestic audience, and find friends in Europe. Unless it does so the UK could find itself slowly drifting towards the exit. That would be a travesty given the positive contribution that Britain has made to the EU since it joined in 1973.
...Any notion that the UK could somehow turn to ‘like‐minded’ member states to define an alternative to a core of more ‘integrationist’ member states was shown by events in December to be unrealistic. The problem of the December European Council was not that of two camps, but of a single camp with one major player outside it, despite its vital interest being at stake.
...The events of December have shown that, despite differences of approach between member states, almost all wish to travel together based on a recognition of continuing shared interests and a desire for solidarity in the face of the most significant policy challenge for the EU since its inception. A two‐tier Europe is simply not on the agenda. We suspect Europe’s future will be more messy and complex with Europe developing a multispeed approach with variable membership across more closely coordinated policy spheres.
...Popular disenchantment with the EU, might be most marked in the UK, but the EU’s crisis of legitimacy is a Europe‐wide rather than a uniquely UK problem. As suggested by the Lord Bishop of Guildford in the House of Lords debate on the EU on 16 February 2012, Europe needs a revival of the vision of Europe which fired the EU's founders and which is deeply rooted in Europe's many cultures and, now, its many communities of faith.
...As suggested by the Lord Bishop of Exeter in a supplementary question in the House of Lords on 8 December 2011 the EU’s international reputation has already been dented by its handling of the Eurozone crisis, but its soft power could be further eroded if others find the way it organises itself less attractive. We suspect it will be hard for the EU to meet future challenges if an important geopolitical country such as Britain is excluded from its core.
...It is in Britain’s interests that this fiscal compact and/or its provisions are folded back into existing EU Treaties as soon as possible. Those wishing to press ahead with a stability union should be allowed to do so using existing Treaty provisions that allow for enhanced cooperation. The development of a two‐speed or even a multi‐speed Europe is not without its risks, but it is preferable that such a development builds upon the existing Treaties rather than departing from them.
...In terms of safeguards, the Government should press for a deepening of the single market in order to strengthen the ties that bind all member states together regardless of which lane they are in. This step might be productively linked to pressing for enhanced cooperation in other areas where Britain has a competitive advantage and strategic interest such as foreign and defence policy.
...Taken together these measures might go some way to dispelling the impression given in December 2011 that Britain was being awkward for the sake of it. We recognise that this strategy is unlikely to find immediate favour with a euro‐sceptic electorate, but over time it might help to refute the assertion that the EU works against British interests.
If His Grace may on this one occasion, uniquely and extraordinarily (for the end is nigh), adopt the first person singular: the Archbishops Council of the Church of England speaks ‘Not in my name’.
posted byArchbishop Cranmer at 7:11 AM Permalink 35 comments
Monday, June 18, 2012
