BELLA - RESERVED
This is Bella, as you can see she loves cuddles!
Bella has a very sad story to tell, thanks to her microchip we have worked out a bit of history about this poor little girl. She was originally re-homed as a puppy by a rescue centre in Yorkshire, this family had her for three years. Unfortunately it would appear that Bella lived within a very abusive home and soon she was left behind when they moved on.
She was so nervous when she first came in but the longer she has been with us the more she is starting to trust us. She still takes some time to get to know new people and anyone that meets her will have to give her time.
 Although we believe that she had previously lived with children, she is so nervous we won't be able to re-home her with children under 1o0years old. She is still going through her assessment stage but seems to be good with dogs.
BISCUIT - IN FOSTER
Biscuit is a 5-6 year old female Patterdale cross. 
She really is a very sweet little thing and wants no more from life than company, a lap to sit on, walks and food. 
She would make an ideal little dog for somebody who is at home most of the time as at the moment she suffers with seperation anxiety. 
Although Biscuit is good with other dogs we think that she would be better as an only dog so she doesn't need to compete for attention. 
BRANSTON
 
This handsome fellow is called Branston, sadly Branston's owner passed away so he and his friend Pickle have come to us to be rehomed. 
Branston is 7 years old and is good with other dogs and could live with older children. 
Unfortunately Branston hasn't been exercised as often as he should have been and consequently he is overweight. 
With this in mind we are looking for an active home who can help Branston to shift those extra pounds!!!!
BILLY 
Hi everyone my name is Billy and I am around 5 years old.  I have been at the kennels for a few months now and am sad to say that very few people have come to see me :-(.  I'm a really friendly boy and will do anything for a bit of love and attention. 
I used to live with children so would be happy to live in a family with young children again.  I am good with other dogs but I'm afraid I don't like cats.
I'd love to meet you - would you like to come and say hello??
Love and licks Billy x
CHESTER - RESERVED
Chester is a male Suluki x Greyhound who is about 3 years old.  
Chester has a very high chance drive and so will not be able to live in a house with a cat.  
Please contact us for more information.
CLEO
 
This beautiful Staffordshire Bull Terrier is known as Cleo!
As you can see she is an extremely smiley girl and loves the company of the staff! However, she can be nervous around new people.
She would need someone with Staffy experience.
If she is your ideal dog please call us to make an appointment!
DEE - RESERVED
This is Dee who is a really gentle and sweet natured female staffie who is about 4 years old. 
Dee appears very calm and well behaved here at the kennels and we are confident she will make a great family pet. 
Dee is good with other dogs, ignores cats and would be happy to live with sensible children. 
This lovely little girl ticks every box!!
 
DIEGO
Diego is a 3-4 year old Rottie male. He is a friendly active boy who has come into rescue through no fault of his own.
Diego has some basic obedience but this will need revising in a new home. Diego is looking for a large breed or rottie experienced home. 
Please contact Rottie Friends Rescue for further information 07817809727
DIESEL - RESERVED
Meet Diesel, he is a 5 - 6 year old Rottie.
Diesel is still under assessment but so far he seems good with other dogs but would chase cats.
For more information please contact Rottie Friends on 07817 809727.
EDDIE
Look at this sweet little man!  He is called Eddie and he is a 2 - 3 year old Jack Russell cross.
Poor Eddie is getting very stressed and anxious in the kennels and we need to find him a home urgently where he can settle down and be happy.
Eddie is a little nervous around new people at the moment but if you give him a treat you'll be his new best friend!
Eddie would be better as the only pet in the house, although he is good with other dogs and possibly could live with a calm dog with the right introduction.
Although Eddie could live in a home where children visit it would be better if he didn't live with children all the time.
BRACKEN AND FAWN - BRACKEN IS RESERVED
 
These two lovely Lurchers are Bracken and Fawn.
They are both extremely sweet and loving dogs and just love to run as you can see, however they do have high chase drives!
We believe Fawn is a Bedlington Terrier x Whippet and is definitely the bounciest of them both being only around 1 years old with Fawn being around the age of 3.
We are hoping they can both be rehomed together, however we understand that not everyone is able to do this.
This then means that they need to be in a home with another companion dog. They are both still under assessment, but if you would like more information please give us a ring!
FLEURE
Fleure is a beautiful female lurcher who is around 2 - 3 years old.
She is good with other dogs but does have a very high chase drive, so would chase anything small and fluffy (including cats and some times small fluffy dogs).
Fleure is still under assessment but if you would like more information please contact us.
HAZEL
Meet Hazel! She is a young Collie x between the age of 1-2 years old.
She is very sweet with new people but can be nervous.
She needs socialising and will make a lovely pet in the right hands!
As you can see, she is very submissive so will need someone to help build her confidence. 
 
Hope is a medium sized cross breed perhaps some Rottie and GSD amongst other things.
 
She is aged around 3 years old or just under this.
She has a sweet nature and loves to play ball. She would like to live with another dog friendly dog and doesn't like being left alone for long.
 
She is a bright and intelligent dog who would like an active home.
 
Please contact rottie friends rescue on 07817809727 where Hope is currently in foster.
JAVA
Java is a 3 year old female Whippet X.
She is good with other dogs but would chase anything small and fluffy.
She has a very high chase drive and has a high energy level.
Java would be better suited as an only pet and may need to be muzzled when off lead.
JAZZY
 
Hi I'm Jazzy! I came into St Giles as a stray and I'm looking for a forever home.
My requirements are a nice, enclosed garden with lots of toys, brushing, food and water.
I'm not overly fussy. All I really want is a comfy bed and lots and lots of love to make the perfect companion!
KIZZ -  IN FOSTER WITH VIEW TO ADOPT
This beautiful girl is called Kizz, she is an eight year old Staffordshire Bull Terrier.
Sadly Kizz had been mistreated and came into us with a very bad untreated flea allergy. This is now healing nicely and she is well on the road to recovery, the hair has started to grow back and she is feeling much better.
Despite not being looked after properly Kizz is a wonderfully friendly girl, she loves people and adores attention and cuddles.
Kizz is good with other dogs and could live with children.
Can you give this little gem the happy ending she deserves.
LEAH - REHOMED :-)
Leah is a 1 year old Rottie x Mastiff.
Poor Leah has had 4 homes so far and now she has come to us as a stray.
She will need an active home with someone that is prepared to do some further training and socialisation with her.
She is very keen to learn and can be easily trained with treats.
Leah appears to be good with other dogs and cats.
She is very bouncy so would be better with older children, probably 10 years +.
LEO
 
This handsome chap is Leo. He is an American Bulldog x and is between the age of 18 months - 2 years.
Leo is a friendly dog, however can be a little nervous around new people.
He enjoys playing and knows basic commands.
He would need to go to a home that has experience with big dogs and is able to continue his training.
If you would like more information on Leo, please don't hesitate to give us a ring! 
LILY
Meet Lily she is a one year old Staffie x English Bull Terrier.
Unfortunately Lily is deaf but don't be put off by this, she will just need a bit of extra training and we can offer help with this.
She is very quick to learn and has already picked up some sign language that we have been teaching her. She would make a fantastic pet for someone with the patience to help this lovely girl grow in confidence. 
Lily could live with another 'hearing' dog as they will be able to help her with her training.  Lily however cannot live with cats.
 
MAX - IN FOSTER
Max is a 6 year old Collie x.
Max has sadly had three homes already and is desperate to be given a chance with someone that knows about Collies.
Max has lived with children before and has a very nice temperament. 
He has picked up a naughty habit of chasing traffic which needs to be controlled.
He loves playing ball and will return it for you to throw again and again and again!
If you could offer Max the chance of a new start please contact us.
MAX AND SUE
Meet Max and Sue!
When we had a call from a local vet to say these two dogs were going to be put to sleep that afternoon, we could never have imagined they would be such a sweet pair.
They are both good with other dogs and cats.
They are bursting with personality and are such loving dogs. They are totally inseparable and we really need to find them a home together as they would be lost without each other.
So why were they going to be put to sleep? Because their owner has moved abroad.
MARK
Hi I'm Mark, or better known as Cuddles with the staff.
I am a large cross breed between 18 months - 2 years old. I am a friendly and loving dog but would need a firm hand.
Unfortunately I cannot be rehomed with children due to my boisterousness and big size.
I could live with another dog if we were suitably introduced. If you are interested in providing me with a forever home, please do not hesitate to contact the kennels to book an appointment!
Hope to see you soon! Mark a.k.a. Cuddles x
 
This is May, she is a very sweet natured X-Breed.
We believe that May is about between 3 - 4 years old.
Our initial assessments show that May is good with other dogs but we haven't yet tested her with cats.
If you are interested in May please contact us for further information.
NARLA
This is Narla, she is a Shar Pei and around the age of 18 months and 2 years old.
She likes to wriggle around therefore photos were hard to capture!
She has very Shar-Pei-like characteristics therefore would need someone who has the experience with this breed.
She is still under assessment but if you would like more information please contact Shar Pei rescue on 01823 698278.
NED
Meet Ned, he is a 12 - 18 month old Staffie.
Ned is like most puppies, playful, bouncy, full of life and fun.
He is very entertaining and has a wicked personality!
Ned needs some that is happy to give him some further training and socialisation.
He is good with other dogs but would chase cats.
NICO - REHOMED
Nico is a 3 yr old male Rottie, he is very friendly and sweet natured boy but can be nervous as didn’t have a good start in life.
He does not like loud noise and needs a calm large breed experienced home.
Nico is good with other dogs and has lived with a male dog previously and they got on well.
Nico needs a cat free home and will not be placed with children under 16 yrs.
For more info please call or email Rottie Friends Rescue 07817809727
OSCAR - RESERVED
Oscar is a very cute Lab x Collie puppy.
We believe that Oscar is between 6 - 9 months old and he is full of life!
Oscar is bouncy and playful but he does know some basic commands.
He needs an active home with someone that can give him the exercise and further training that he needs.
Oscar is good with other dogs and could probably be trained not to chase cats but at the moment he would like to play chase!!
 
POPPY - RESERVED
This is Poppy, she is a sweet natured medium sized X Breed.
Poppy loves playing ball, she is very clever and loves finding it after you have hidden it for her!
She is very young, we think under 12 months and can be bouncy as she has a fair amount of energy.
She needs an active family home, she could live with children.
ROGER - IN FOSTER
This lovable older man is Roger.
Roger may look old but no one has told him that! He loves walks, he loves playing ball and he loves playing with his toys.
He would be best in a home as an only pet, although he is currently living with two other dogs, Roger prefers the attention all to himself!
Thankfully Roger is currently in a foster home but he can't stay there forever and we really want to find this sweet little man a new home before he gets to attached to his foster carers.
SALLY
 Meet Sally! She is an extremely friendly Staffordshire Bull Terrier who is around 5 years old.
She enjoys her cuddles with the staff and loves off-lead play in the compound.
To meet Sally, please give us a call and make an appointment!
SCAMPI 
Meet Scampi, he is a 3 year old Staffie x Jack Russell.
He loves people and is full of life. He is very good with other dogs but would chase cats given half a chance!
He is very good around children, although he can be bouncy. 
He is really sweet little chap that deserves a new loving home. 
SCARLET 
Hiya!! I'm Scarlet and i don't think i'm being big headed when I say I am a real stunner - - just look at my smile!!!
I am one of the kennels long term residents i'm afraid and there are 2 main reasons for this - 1) I'm a staffie - we always get over looked.  2) I love people so much and get so excited to come out the kennels people think i'm 'too much' - if only they understood that I've been here for soooo long I get really REALLY excited to see people.  All I really want is a cuddle ... i promise i'll calm down and be a fantastic companion for you.  I love other dogs but i'm not keen on those cat things (have you seen the film 'Cats and Dogs'????? - never trust a cat!!!)
I love children but as I am a bit bouncy at the moment it might be better if I live with older children because I don't want to knock little ones over by mistake.
So why not come and see me and say hello?  I'll warn you in advance, I will jump up to say hello but don't be put off by this - take me for a nice walk and you'll see just what a fantastic girl I am.
SCOOBY
Scooby is a handsome male German Shepherd cross.
He is 3 years old and is good with other dogs but would chase a cat. 
Scooby has previously lived with children aged 3 and older and is house trained and travels well in the car!! 
This handsome chap will make the perfect family addition!!! 
SHANE - IN FOSTER WITH VIEW TO ADPOT
Shane is a loveable gentleman who is 6 years old.
Shane knows basic commands including sit and stay, he's also very obedient.
He is good with other dogs and seems to ignore cats.
Shane is looking for an active quiet home where he can get the TLC he deserves.
SHEBA
This beautiful girl is Sheba, she is a German Shepherd x Border Collie and is around the age of 12-18 months.
She is an extremely excited dog who appears to love everyone she meets.
She will need a home with a nice big garden or a smallholding due to her high energy levels.
She would need someone with experience in high-energy levelled dogs.
Sheba is still under assessment but if you would like more information please contact us! 
SHEP - IN FOSTER :-)
Shep is a 2 1/2 year old male Collie.
Shep is in desperate need of a home with someone that knows what Collies need. He has become very stressed here in kennels and has lost a lot of weight. 
Shep is still under assessment but appears to be good with other dogs and cats.
If you would like further information on Shep please contact us.
STORM 
Storm is a 5 month old Staffie x puppy.
She is a sweet natured little girl that sadly was left by her owners in our boarding section. 
She is still going though her assessment stage but appears to be good with other dogs, she is interested in cats but could be trained to live with them.
She could live with older children. 
STANLEY
Stanley is a lovely Staffordshire Bull Terrier and is about 5 or 6 years old.
He is an extremely calm and friendly dog who is looking for his forever home.
He appears to be good with other dogs but could possibly chase cats.
Could you be his new family?
STIG
This is Stig! He is an 18 month old Jack Russell Terrier who is full of life!
He is dog friendly due to living with others before.
He has a high energy level therefore will need considerable amounts of exercise!
He is still under assessment.
Call for more info!
TESS - IN FOSTER
This is Tess and she is about 4 years old. She is a very small female staffie.
Tess is a very very friendly dog and has been in foster care with children who she adores.
Although Tess is currently living in a house with other dogs and everything is fine she would best be suited to a home with no other dogs as she loves the attention to herself.
Tess is so loving and really would make a great pet for someone.
She loves her walks and loves fetching the ball. She also loves her food and playing.
Tess would best be suited in a home with children over the age of 6.
If you can offer Tess the home she deserves then please call us.
WOODY - IN FOSTER WITH THE VIEW TO ADOPT! 
Woody is a 2 year old Collie x Rottie who hasn’t had a great start in life and was left alone for long periods.
Woody has a sweet nature and likes affection and cuddles but due to the nature of his breeds and the fact he was left alone for so long if he isn’t active and stimulated he becomes an obsessive shadow chaser.
Woody also has high drive and loves to run and play, he is very bright and quick to learn in training. Woody would like to live with a social dog of similar size to him but isn’t keen on small dogs or cats as he likes to chase and herd. Woody needs an active Collie experienced home where his obsessive shadow chasing can be channelled into more appropriate behaviours and activities such as agility. Woody is now crate trained and sleeps there at night when in a house as this helps him settle. 
Urgent Foster or forever home needed for Woody can you help?
