Ask the Experts
What situations would I consider using hair alcohol testing?
There are many applications where you would want to determine whether someone had an alcohol problem, or indeed prove they didn't have a problem.
These include:
- Probation service for alcohol offences
- Safety critical employment
- Suspicions that a corporate / colleague has an alcohol problem
- Proof of responsibility, eg eaders, armed forces etc.
- Alcohol treatment programmes
- Screening people in clinical trials
- Suitability for surgery
What are the limitations?
Obviously, we need hair. Occasionally drug screening companies encounter someone who has shaved from head to toe, with not a single hair on their body, but that does raise suspicions.
Can you tell whether someone is totally abstinent from alcohol?
No, the Hair Alcohol Testing methods have not been developed for that purpose.
What methods are available to me?
EtG and FAEE testing are now two methods available for use, to detect consumption of alcohol over a longer   period ranging from one month and up to six months. No other method can do this.
What is EtG and FAEE?
"EtG" stands for ethyl glucuronide and "FAEE" stands for fatty acid ethyl esters. Both are direct and very   specific alcohol markers, which are metabolites of alcohol produced in the body when alcohol is consumed.   These markers cannot originate from other pathological reasons.
What kinds of samples are used for both tests?
Both tests require hair samples whereby both markers are deposited in hair during chronically high alcohol   consumption.
What is the difference between EtG and FAEE?
The EtG marker is formed almost exclusively in the liver and is deposited into hair mainly from sweat.   The FAEE marker is formed in blood and all tissues and gets into hair mainly by diffusion from the   external sebum layer. Unlike the detection of drug metabolites in a hair test, environmental   contamination (for example, being exposed to a drinking environment at a pub) can result in the   detection of traces of ethanol. However, such traces as these do not correlate to the consumption   of alcohol.
Why would I choose to use one test over another?
It is all case-dependent as to which test to use. If you wish to provide an average result up to six   months, the FAEE test would allow this.
Do you recommend against using either test-technology in isolation?
The Society of Hair Testing, represented by 23 countries, recently met Chamonix (March 2011) and the   consensus states that either FAEE or EtG methods can be used independently for chronic excessive   alcohol consumption assessment. However, they continue to state that for mutual confirmation and   for exclusion of false positive or false negative results, the determination of both parameters   can be useful.
Test results should be used as corroborative evidence only. In line with the consensus, we recommend   the combination of EtG and FAEE testing together, or the combination of hair and blood tests; including the consideration of medical and case contextual information.
Some companies offer only EtG testing. What are the disadvantages of this?
It is recommended that EtG testing is performed on the most recent 0-3 months of hair growth   (approximately 0 - 3cm from the scalp). That is due to the fact that using the EtG test in   isolation carries the risk of the 'wash-out' effect whereby the frequent washing and intense   shampooing of a donor's hair slowly removes the EtG marker that has been deposited onto the   hair. As a result, this marker is sensitive to false-negative results. Trimega Laboratories   therefore, recommends the combined use of EtG and FAEE testing at all times.
If there is a 'wash-out' effect when testing EtG with the potential risk of false-negative results,   is this test still useful?
Yes, the test is still very useful because it does what testing blood cannot do -- that is to test for alcohol abuse for periods of one month and longer.  Trimega Laboratories conduct EtG testing  using a 0-3cm length of head hair representing a period of up to 3 months in accordance with the Society of Hair Testing revised consensus (March 2011). We do not recommend testing pubic or upper leg hair samples for EtG due to the risk of contamination from urine.
Does the 'wash-out' effect apply to FAEE testing?
No. FAEE markers are relatively stable in hair. A study showed that the effect of hair care and hair   cosmetics on FAEE concentrations, and 20-times the usual shampooing of hair samples of heavy drinkers   did not significantly decrease the concentration.
Is the combination of both tests therefore better and more accurate?
Yes. The combined EtG and FAEE tests certainly increase considerably the accuracy of the interpretation.   Agreeing positive or negative results enable an almost unambiguous interpretation. The members of the   Society of Hair Testing met in March 2011 and agreed that the testing of both parameters is useful for   mutual confirmation and for the exclusion of false positive or false negative results.
My client uses an array of hair products including hot oils, shampoos and hair sprays with high alcohol   content and washes her hair on a more than regular basis. Does my client need to disclose this information   at the time the samples are being collected?
Yes. Information such as this would benefit Trimega Laboratories' analysis of the results as best possible.   The more information is provided, the more interpretative the results will be to explaining any abnormalities.   Trimega Laboratories request that this information is provided at the time of the sample collection and provided   on the chain of custody documentation.
Is there the possibility of disagreeing results if both tests are carried out?
Yes, this is possible. In the case of a negative result with a positive, the absolute value of the concentration   of the positive marker is of particular importance.
Does the EtG and FAEE concentration found in my client's test results equate to the quantity my client has consumed?
No. We cannot quantify the exact amount of units your client has been drinking, as Trimega Laboratories does not measure   the alcohol itself, but rather identifies and quantifies metabolites produced by the body once alcohol has been ingested.   Results cannot be quantified into consumption levels due to differences in alcohol metabolism and physiology in hair   growth; including the differences in hair care (for example, frequency of shampooing). As with all medically-based tests,   results are not subject to the linear laws of basic mathematics.
If you cannot determine the quantity of alcohol consumed from the test results, what do these tests determine?
Trimega Laboratories determine whether the donor falls above or below the cutoff level that we have set, which is   60 grams of pure ethanol per day over a protracted period.
What is meant by a "positive" result?
A positive result is reported when the total concentration of FAEE and/or EtG values exceeds the Cut-Off level which   correlates to 60 grams plus on a daily basis (see previous question/answer).
Is it possible to determine whether a positive test result is due to binge drinking or high regular consumption?
No. Unlike other drugs which are deposited through the root alone, FAEEs are deposited through both the root and the   sebum produced by the sebaceous glands in the scalp. This means it is possible for sections of hair to have lost or   gained concentrations of FAEEs through the migration of sebum along the follicle which could distort any timeline   analysis. It is therefore only possible to provide an average level of consumption for the period of time being   tested for.
Similarly, the fact that most peoples' hair does not stick up out of the scalp, but lies against the scalp surface   for several centimetres as it grows down, means that more mature sections of hair are being bathed in the EtG-laden   sweat which is produced by the sweat glands, thus making it scientifically unsound to offer segmented results on a   month-by-month basis from which to establish a chronological pattern of consumption.
It is therefore only possible to provide an average level of consumption for the period of time being tested for.
Is it possible to provide a chronological analysis of a subject's drinking history?
Not with a single test (see above). However with a series of tests conducted at regular intervals, a very accurate picture of a subject's level of consumption can be obtained. By comparing two or more results we can tell whether a subject's consumption has increased, decreased or remained constant and if it has varied, by approximately how much.
Is it possible for a couple with similar drinking habits to return different test results?
Yes. Physiological differences such as weight and metabolism mean everyone's ability to process alcohol is different. Weight is particularly influential and taken into account when interpreting borderline cases.
How is it possible for someone who only drinks over the weekend (Fri - Sun) to test positive?
If consumption over the weekend or other limited periods is high enough to produce an average daily value above the cut-off level, the result will be positive.
If a subject's test result is, say, 8 times over the cut-off level does this mean they are consuming an average of 8 x 60 (480) grams per day (60 units of alcohol)?
No. Although there is a significant correlation between alcohol intake and the concentrations of marker in the hair there is not a linear relationship between the two.
Can a subject who returns a negative result one month after returning a positive result be said to have abstained completely in the intervening weeks?
No, but if the difference in the results is significant enough we could conclude that this could only have been achieved through virtual abstention or levels of consumption consistent with very moderate drinkers.
Can I test for both EtG and FAEE at the same time without having to work with two separate companies?
As the first provider in the world to commercially offer FAEE-testing, Trimega Laboratories   now offers the combined test (EtG and FAEE), also known as the "Trimega Gold Standard of Hair   Alcohol Tests" to ensure that accuracy of your results can be achieved. This will also minimise   the hassle and inconvenience of having to use two companies. Working with a company who prides   itself on service and testing excellence, you can be assured that the tests are carried out with   utmost accuracy and speed.
Trimega Laboratories can provide expert opinion on results from other laboratories but will not   run FAEE from its laboratory, and analyse EtG results carried out by another company. Both tests   must be run at Trimega Laboratories for optimal result output and analysis using similar analytical  methods.
My client does not have any head hair, can body hair be used for both tests?
Yes. Pubic, axillary, beard and other body hair can be analysed if head hair is not available. We note that pubic hair samples are not recommended if testing for EtG alone due to the risk of potential contamination from urine.
What is GC/MS/MS and what does it mean?
Gas chromatography / tandem mass spectrometry is a confirmation level test which is used to accurately assess the metabolites of alcohol in hair. It is a much more recent technique than GC/MS and allows for a higher level of selective analysis.
What information will the report show?
It will include the identity details for the sample that has been sent to us, and then a result for the alcohol level that has been detected.  A 'negative' or 'positive' result is provided dependent on whether the result falls below or above the cutoff level set by our laboratory.  Results can also be provided in a standard Section 9 legal statement where requested.
Can you determine how much alcohol a person has had monthly?
No. Although we will give a value in our report, we can only say that the value exceeds our interpretation of the cutoff level we have set, which is 60 grams of alcohol per day over a protracted period. We cannot interpret how much alcohol was actually consumed. To do so would be scientifically unsound because alcohol is metabolised in slightly different ways by different people.
How much alcohol is "60 grams"?  How many glasses of wine or pints of beer does this equate to?
It has been widely considered in Britain that a level of 60 grams of alcohol and above consumed daily represents alcohol misuse.  In the UK, alcohol is based on units to allow drinkers to establish their alcohol consumption.  One unit is 8 grams (10 millilitres) of pure alcohol. However, the amount of drink that equates to 60 grams depends on how strong the drink is.  On average, one pub measure of wine, one half of average strength beer, and one 'short' of spirit are all one unit.  So seven of these units provides 7 x 8 = 56 grams of alcohol.  A  750ml bottle of wine with 13% alcohol by volume would contain 9.75 units.  See the Bupa alcohol calculator in our Resource Section to see how many units has been consumed.
For an individual who is strictly abstinent, would I expect a 'zero' result?
Alcohol is not as easily detectable in hair as other drugs. Ethanol is present in all hair including those of teetotallers, however these traces are products of the environment. Simply being in a pub or laboratory is enough for traces of ethanol to find their way into the hair.  A case study on a group of individuals who were strictly abstinent were found to have small traces of ethanol in their hair samples.  However, these traces of ethanol do not correlate to alcohol which has been consumed.
Where does the process originate from?
It has been developed by a combination of German and English laboratory collaboration using leading experts in this field and the latest analytical technologies.
Can we tell if an excessive drinker really has stopped drinking?
Trimega Laboratories can see after 1-2 months if an excessive alcohol drinker has ceased drinking (i.e. if he is abstinent). In some cases the FAEE values sink after only one month of abstinence to below the cut off level, however at most after two months. Following three months of abstinence, the values will increasingly liken to those of social drinkers and teetotaIers. Please note: For this test we also require, where possible, 6 cm of head hair (standard conditions).
Can a reformed alcoholic be monitored?
Yes, Trimega Laboratories can monitor a reformed alcoholic using its new technological advances.  According to a study, in cases where a relapse follows a period of abstinence of more than one year, binge drinking lasting several weeks is sufficient to give a positive finding over the whole length of hair. This corresponds to our experience: a relapse can be detected after two to four weeks.  Please note: For this test we also require, where possible, 6 cm of head hair (standard conditions).
Is hair testing for alcohol an imprecise science?
No, because it is subjected to the same rigours and decisions that apply to other branches of testing such as blood alcohol in drivers, for example. However, it does require a certain amount of specialised interpretation.  The cutoff level of 60 grams of alcohol per day has been related to the quantities of hair alcohol markers detected in a very large number of trial subjects. The decision as to what constitutes an alcoholic is not ours, and some people who become classified as alcohol dependent by our test will no doubt consider they are not dependent, in the same way that many drivers caught with an excess of alcohol in their blood will argue it improves their driving.
Is there a risk of false positives?
Mitigating circumstances could include a serious abnormality in the metabolism of the donor or abnormal hair growth conditions such as hirsutism, or indeed recent donor hair transplanting. Trimega Laboratories have introduced a medical review document for donors that should be completed and supplied with the sample, for optimum accuracy that will identify such conditions. While we would offer constructive advice on such occasions, they are not encountered or required very frequently. Trimega Laboratories has led the field in this work and is the only organisation worldwide to offer this service coupled with a thorough and considered medical review, and as such is committed to offering as much information and advice as possible to clients.
Can hair treatments affect results?
We have not found any influence on FAEE results from cosmetics and shampoo with alcohol content below 60%, but there may be occasions when this should be considered (example: hair modelling where the hair is constantly being styled). Recent alcohol application to the scalp for head lice will also not affect the results.  As noted above, intense shampooing could cause a 'wash-out' effect to EtG markers, removing the markers already deposited onto the hair, increasing the risk of false-negative results. Our experience in this field would allow us to offer constructive advice on such occasions.
Where can I learn and read more about Drugs and Alcohol?
Trimega Laboratories have researched a number of leading books that could act as a way to help our clients understand the impact of drugs and alcohol on their patients/donors or internal clients. Please visit our Drug & Alcohol Literature section for more information.
