Euro Truck Simulator Frequently Asked Questions
1.  Contacting tech support
If you have carefully read all the suggestions in this FAQ, but could not find a solution for your technical problem, please get in touch with us  at  
.
Please note - if you need support with the CD edition of the game purchased in a retail store, please use the support contacts         listed in the game's paper manual or on the packaging. Our distribution partners have trained support specialists and can communicate         in your language.
IMPORTANT: Please make our tech support task easier, and include the following two log files as an attachment to your e-mail if asking about  technical issues:
eurotrucks.log - you can find this file in your Documents\Euro Truck Simulator folder.
DXDiag log file - save the results from the DirectX diagnostics tool. Please refer to question #7 for more info about   generating this log file.
Please note that we are only able to provide technical support in English language at the moment
2.  Will Euro Truck Simulator run on my computer?
Give it a Try! That's why the demo is available for download for free. The answer depends on a variety of factors, including CPU speed, amount of  memory, and most importantly the type of your 3D graphics accelerator. Having up to date video card drivers should never be underestimated, see below.
For the best experience, we recommend using Microsoft Windows XP or Vista, CPU 2.4+ GHz, 256 MB video card with up to date drivers, and  having DirectX 9 installed. But your mileage may vary, Euro Truck Simulator should run fine even on lower configurations, so your best bet is to give it a try -  download Euro Truck Simulator and see for yourself - it's FREE!
3.  How do I purchase full version of Euro Truck Simulator?
Click "Buy Full Version" when the demo starts. Euro Truck Simulator will connect to the Internet to  reach the transaction server, as illustrated on the Buy page on this site. Activation is transacted on the secure Trymedia site.  Note that you need to be connected to the Internet during the purchase procedure, but Euro Truck Simulator requires no Internet connection at other times.
IMPORTANT: Personal firewall software may block Euro Truck Simulator's access to the Internet. Please ensure Euro Truck Simulator is allowed Internet access through  the firewall. We do not recommend turning off your firewall, not even for a few seconds, as you would put your computer at risk unnecessarily.  Instead, specifically allow Euro Truck Simulator to access the Internet, via your firewall controls or settings.
After purchasing Euro Truck Simulator, the application will immediately be automatically converted from trial mode into full version (it is "activated"). You should  also receive a confirmation e-mail after a few minutes, with the details of the transaction, and a special activation code (see question  #04 ).
Make sure to double-check your e-mail address when filling in the purchase form, so that the e-mail is properly sent to you! Also, verify that your  spam filtering software does not block the e-mail.
4.  Is the credit card purchase safe?
The credit card transaction is absolutely safe.
First of all, SCS Software, the creators of Euro Truck Simulator, is a trustworthy company. We have been in the business since 1997. Every year, we are  selling hundreds of thousands of PC games in the 18 Wheels of Steel truck simulator series and Hunting Unlimited series games in major retail  stores like Wal-Mart or Best Buy. We would be very concerned if we were to risk our reputation with insecure credit card purchase system.
You can find out more about us and our products on our company website: www.scssoft.com
The credit card transaction is executed on a strongly encrypted connection. With several thousand of our games already sold online, we haven't had  a single complaint of credit card fraud.
ActiveMARK, the technology we have chosen for credit card processing and digital rights management, is licensed from Trymedia. They are a pioneer  of digital distribution of games and software, and many big publishers of PC games trust this technology without fear that their customers might get  hurt. You can find other software titles, mostly games, protected by this same technology and using the same credit card transaction facility on their  Trygames portal: trygames.com
More details about ActiveMark is on Trymedia corporate website at trymedia.com .
5.  Will I lose Euro Truck Simulator when I re-install Windows or buy an all new computer?
There is no danger that you would lose Euro Truck Simulator, whether you had to re-install your computer, or buy a brand new one. You can always back-up (or  re-download) the Euro Truck Simulator installer, install Euro Truck Simulator again, and enter the activation code again to unlock the full version of Euro Truck Simulator for  free.
Re-install Euro Truck Simulator, and when the dialog comes up offering you to buy the demo, instead of entering your credit card details just click the link Already paid? Click here. A browser window will pop up and you will be guided through the procedure of entering the  activation code. Euro Truck Simulator will be switched to full version again, for free.
There are three automatically granted activations at your disposal, which can be used - for instance - after reinstallation of Windows or any such  major disruption events, or you can possibly also use them on additional computers. After your three no-questions-asked activations are used up, you  need to get in touch with technical support to request additional activation codes. This policy attempts to balance fair use with protecting our  software from piracy - we cannot grant unlimited activations allowing Euro Truck Simulator to be activated on any number of computers. In reality, obtaining  additional activation codes from us is quite straightforward - we respect our customers.
See also question #06 below - even if you lose the code that you will receive inside your purchase confirmation e-mail, the code  can be retrieved using this method.
Please also consult this FAQ  link for information on how the procedure works.
6.  I lost the e-mail with my activation code, and now I have to re-install my computer. Can you send me the code again?
Please request the activation code to be re-sent to you on this support form . The system is fully automated, just enter the e-mail address you used when purchasing Euro Truck Simulator, and a new code  will be sent to you immediately.
When you install Euro Truck Simulator again, run it, and when the dialog comes up offering you to buy the demo, instead of entering your credit card details  just click the link Already paid? Click here. A browser window will appear and you will be guided through the  procedure of entering the activation code to switch the game to full version again, for free.
7.  How can I tell if my graphics accelerator drivers are up to date? How do I find out what 3D card is installed in my computer?
There is a utility on all Windows machines that is called DXDiag (for DirectX Diagnostics) which reports all kinds of technical details about the  computer. It can be launched simply by clicking on the Start button in Windows, selecting the Run option, and typing 'dxdiag' (without apostrophes)  into the window that will appear. The DirectX Diagnostics utility will show up, scan your computer in a few seconds, and you will be able to see all  kinds of information organized on several tabs. You will find the information about your 3D card summarized on the Display tab.
The crucial piece of information on the Display tab is the Date. If your  display drivers are more then several months old, it is generally a good idea to update them.
Note: When you want to get in touch with our technical support, it may be desirable to send a copy of the dxdiag output along with your  tech request. Just click the Save All Information button, and store the output in a text file which may be attached to an e-mail. There is no need to  fear that you would be sending any private information with this report, it's only technical data about your computer. You can verify this easily -  just open the file in any plain text editor like Windows Notepad.
8.  I think I need to upgrade my graphics accelerator drivers, where can I find driver updates?
When you encounter any graphics issues, as a general rule of thumb it is always a good idea to try to update your graphics accelerator drivers. If  your graphics drivers are more than several months old (as reported by the DXdiag output explained in the question above), you may be missing out on  important updates and fixes. Graphics accelerator companies frequently update the drivers with bug fixes and performance enhancements, so all of your  applications should benefit from the upgrade.
ATI calls the drivers for their graphics cards "Catalyst."
Pick your operating system in first step, select your 3D card type in second step, and finally click the link to download latest Catalyst driver.
NVidia - GeForce series cards:
