Successfully Adopting a Rescue Dog
Are you looking for a new pet? Perhaps a dog or cat? Did you know there are thousands upon thousands of homeless dogs and cats in shelters? Just because a dog or cat  ends  up in a shelter does not mean it cannot make a good pet. A lot of pets end up in shelters simply because the original owners did not do  their  homework, did not understand canine needs, did not research the breed, or mix of breeds in the dog and simply picked the wrong type  of pet.  OR never realized how much work a pet was, until they had one, and decided they didn't want the responsibility. Our pounds and  shelters are  full of excellent, but misunderstood dogs. By misunderstood I mean, most dogs are in the pound because they had owners who could  not  speak dog. Owners who didn't give the dog what it instinctually needed and in return they created a dog with issues. The two number  one  reasons a dog develops issues are, lack of exercise, and lack of leadership. Humans for get they are dealing with a canine animal and too  many times do not give the canine what he needs as that animal. When the dog does not act like that picture perfect image they had in  their  minds they assume they "didn't get a good one." and they "get rid" of the dog. That's the bad news. The good news is  since dogs live from day to day, meaning they do not dwell in the past or the future, it is absolutely possible to take a full grown dog and  start  over as if it is the first day of the rest of their life. Do it right and you will see a totally different dog than the owners who dumped the  dog at  the pound saw.
Successfully Adopting a Rescue Dog
Note: If you are looking to find your dog a new home because          of behavior problems, do not give up on your pet just yet.          Most behavior problems can be fixed, no matter how bad they          are. Invest some time into studying dog psychologist, and a dog behavioral            expert, Cesar Millan (The Dog Whisperer). Cesar Millan  DVD's - Cesar Millan  Books . To prevent              problems or fix existing ones.
There are many reasons why one should check into  getting a rescue animal FIRST when looking for a new pet. Shelters out  there are flooded with great pets who are just waiting for a home to love them.  A rescued animal will cost you less than buying a puppy from a breeder, is less work and  you will be saving a life!
← Check the listings to the left to find the right   rescue animal for your family!
If you do not see the type of   animal you are looking for there are currently no rescues signed up under   that category, but don't let that stop you. Chances are, if they don't have   what you are looking for, they will know a rescue who does. Check back often   as new rescues are signing up all the time.
