The Economist (2007) 10
Public opposition to the Constitution and what some call "enlargement fatigue" have led many to doubt the dream of an ever-closer union achieved through giant steps such as the Constitution. Instead a new Europe of varied and multiple accords is emerging, where countries sign up to parts of the whole as it suits them. Some countries clearly want more integration than others.
“In fact this is already happening. All [
EU
] members must participate in the single market, with its four freedoms of movement (of goods, services, labour and capital). Most of them are also members of
NATO
, but some are not; only 13 of the present 27 are in the euro; a different but overlapping 12 are in the Schengen passport-free travel zone, with the addition of three non-members; and just seven have signed the Prüm treaty governing the exchange of information among police forces. [...]
New, often poor members are invited on the basis that they do not take part in all
EU
activities right from the start: they are usually given long transition periods before benefiting in full from the union's four freedoms.”
The faltered constitution project may have been too big of a step; the multi-speed approach is a much surer path towards the future.
3.2. The United States of Europe
In the 1980s and 1990s, "Helmut Kohl, Germany's chancellor, talked in unabashed terms about a United States of Europe" 11 and the Belgian prime minister, Guy Verhofstadt, wrote a booklet in 2005 by the same title. Such a unison is not on the horizon. I feel that the
EU
is best served by remaining a series of overlapping intergovernmental treaties as I have said above, but Luxembourg's prime minister, Jean-Claude Juncker, still thinks almost all
EU
projects should be seen as preparations for political union 11 .
“Talk of 'core Europe', and various other slogans advanced by, amongst others, Jacques Delors and Valéry Giscard d'Estang, is almost as old as the institutions of Europe.”
The Economist (2007) 12
3.3. 200 Years of Ideas
Ideas of European unity are not new; they are more than a few generations old. In 1914, for example, Rudolf Kjellén promoted the idea of a European federation 13 , led by Germany, as Germany had arisen as the most powerful industrial and commercial powerbase in Europe. In the nineteenth century most those who called for European unity (especially of the military and political kind) had in mind the fearsome threat of Russian dominance over Europe 14 . But such ideas were once actively promoted by Russia itself and it was Alexander I in the early nineteenth century who first pushed for the conservative states of Europe to defend each other against political upheaval. Instead, what emerged was a Europe criss-crossed by accords, deals and treaties: with sets of alliances overlapping and competing.
“Alexander's grandiose schemes [...] had been seriously checked in 1815. The same fate awaited his suggestion in October 1818 of a 'general alliance' which should be open to all states and become the basis of a system of collective guarantee of the status quo by the contracting powers. [...] Nevertheless Alexander's idealism, however impractical, struck a chord which reverberated widely in the Europe of the years after the Napoleonic catastrophe. [...] In intellectual circles, perhaps even in ruling ones, agreement on the need to make Europe more united and endow it with some form of political organization, however rudimentary, was now for the first time a factor of some practical significance. In Germany the Catholic mystic Baader advocated a federation of the European states based on the Christianity which they all professed. In France Bergasse suggested the more limited expedient of a permanent alliance of sovereigns, while Saint-Simon sketched the plan of a great European society, democratic and parliamentary, of which the nucleus was to be formed by an alliance between France and Britain.”
" The Ascendancy of Europe 1815-1914 " by M S Anderson (1985) 15
Apart from Alexander in the early 19th century, Giuseppe Mazzini later floated ideas in 1871 that sound much like a prototype of the European Union; once countries developed into free states, he prophesized, they would unite into some form of association 16 . In 1882 the French philosopher Ernest Renan wrote: "The nations are not something eternal. They had their beginnings and they will end. A European confederation will very probably replace them" 17 .
But all these previous ideas based on political unity, alliances of leading families, and military alliances; failed to create stability or failed to get started as serious movements at all. Europe was then the center of the two world wars, before eventually an economic community united Europe and ended the conflicts.
4. The Benefits of the European Union
4.1. The Euro
The practical benefits to citizens of the Euro are well known. There is no difficulty in exchanging currency at airports, no wallets with incompatible coins and notes and prices are directly comparable from country to country. Bank accounts are more manageable, transfers are easier and costs are more transparent as they all occur at easily comparable rates.
“The euro has clearly boosted intra-
EU
trade, by somewhere between 5% and 15%, according to the OECD. It has also been a spectacular success from a technical point of view, establishing itself not just as a viable currency but as the only plausible rival to the dollar. For example, it now accounts for 25% of global foreign-currency reserves. Yet the euro's broader economic impact has been limited because of its members' failure to liberalise enough. As the
OECD
puts it in its most recent report on the region, "insufficient flexibility prevents the euro area reaping the full benefits of economic and monetary union."”
The Economist (2007) 10
4.2. The Successful Promotion of Democracy and Achievement of Regional Peace and Stability
From the way it is taught in schools, many would think that European History could correctly be called a military history of war and division. Many of its countries have had centuries-long series of wars between themselves and their neighbours; culminating in the two world wars. But, as of the founding of the European Community fifty years ago, the political and cultural environment has completely changed. European multilateralism has commandeered regional peace and stability of the kind never seen before. The main push towards this was in the frantic activity of the
EC
from 1957. From then, the benefits of joining the fledging
EU
became so apparent, that a country would change its political institutions and character in order to have a chance of joining.
The Copenhagen Criteria for membership include democracy, free market economy, observance of human and minority rights, and political stability 18 . "Greece (1981), Spain and Portugal (both in 1986) joined only after they had discarded their previous military governments and dictatorships" 18 .
“The prospect of joining played a critical part in ensuring a smooth transition from dictatorships to democracy in Greece, Spain and Portugal. More recently it has transformed the east European countries as they moved from communist central planning to liberal democracy. The countries of the western Balkans have been pacified and stabilised after the bloody 1990s thanks mainly to their hopes of
EU
membership. And Turkey has made wholesale changes in its politics, economics and society largely to boost its chances of joining. Indeed, judged in terms of success in exporting its values to its backyard, the
EU
has done much better with its neighbours than the United States has with central and south America, largely because of the carrot of enlargement.”
The Economist (2007) 10
There is also the fact the liberal markets themselves tend to reduce violence between neighbours. 18th and 19th century political theorists have long observed that if two countries become closer economically, they are less likely to engage in war. Montesquieu (1748) believed that commerce “weakened the grip of xenophobia and bigotry [...] and since '[t]wo nations that trade with each other become reciprocally dependent ... [t]he natural effect of commerce is to lead to peace.' ” 19 . Even such great minds may not have predicted the accuracy of their statements nor the European-wide scale on which they would one day apply.
4.3. Strengthened Democracy Against Lawless Multinationals
My page "Multinational Corporations Versus Democracy" (2006) examines the problems faced by national governments in legislating industries that are dominated by multinationals who can simply move production and manpower from one country to another in order to evade new laws (even human rights ones). I believe this failure of national-based democratic government is overcome through multi-national democratic institutions such as the
EU
“Massive corporations can outmanoeuvre governments and therefore evade the law. Multinationals organisations like the
UN
and
EU
can fight back. The heads of large companies have massive power over staff, employment, industry, national economies, the environment and yet are not elected nor publicly accountable for their actions. Supra-national organisations, staffed by those on the pay roll of elected governments, empowers democracy with renewed control. National democratic consolidation of power is required in order to reign in multinational corporations that are presently beyond the law because they can avoid the laws of any one particular government.
“Nation-states, some argue, are too small to be able to influence global change, and too large to respond effectively to the pressures for increased flexibility and competitiveness, or as Giddens put it 'too small to solve the big problems, but also too large to solve the small ones'.”
" A Globalizing World? Culture, Economics, Politics " Held (2004) 20
We clearly need multinational governmental bodies to control multinational corporations. Not only will this bring capitalism back under the protective arms of democracy, but it will also solve the second problem identified by Held and Giddens: It will allow national governments to concentrate more on the small problems of national well-being.”
5. The EU is in Crises
5.1. The EU is Always in Crises
The
EU
was born in crises, as a result of crises (war). Every decade has seen prominent politicians pronounce the
EU
is now facing "it's most serious crises yet". The Suez Crises (1956) and the 'crises' that resulted from the French National Assembly's rejection of the proposed European Defence Community in 1954 both resemble the combined Middle East 'crises' and the 'crises' of the Dutch and French rejection of the Constitution.
Following on from these two founding crises were a series of doom-laden prophesies from academics and professionals of every calibre.
“By 1980 some academics warned about the possible disintegration of the
EEC
and even leading members of
EC
institutions openly spoke of the dismal state that Europe was in. At the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Rome Treaty, in 1982, the president of the European Parliament compared the Community to a 'feeble cardiac patient whose condition is so poor that he cannot even be disturbed by a birthday party' (Lagerfeld 1990)”
"Origins and Evolution of the European Union" by Desmond Dinan (2006) 21
After that dismal diatribe, the pronouncements continued throughout the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. "Jacques Delors, who was president of the European Commission from 1985 to 1994, says that the present "crises" is the worst in the project's history" 10 . And again in 2005 Jeane-Claude Juncker, prime minister of Luxembourg, which then held the
EU
