Dog has bitten someone
No homes for a litter of puppies
According to the most recent studies there's a pretty equal split  between pets being surrendered to shelters by their owners, and those  being picked up by animal control. Heartbreaking.
Types Of Animal Rescue Organizations
If you're looking to adopt a puppy, dog or cat, there are a number of  different types of animal shelters you can go to in your area.
A Municipal Shelter
This type of animal rescue is usually your local City Pound, and often doubles as an Animal Control shelter and Rescue Home.
Dogs  or puppies at these shelters are at the greatest risk of being  euthanized and don't have much time for a reprieve! Some cities/states  may have 'no-kill' pounds, but they are few and far between.
Private or Non-Profit Shelters
These are usually much smaller and privately run.
They are frequently 'no-kill shelters' but can't hold nearly as many dogs and cats as the bigger municipal centers.
In  this group you can often find breed-specific rescue organizations. I  was surprised to find out that approx. 25% of dogs who end up in  shelters are purebred (from statistics compiled by National Council on  Pet Population Study and Policy - NCPPSP.
If you're pining for a Poodle, begging for a Beagle or simply have your heart set on a Labrador Retriever or Yorkshire Terrier you can see the breed-specific listings of dogs and puppies near you that are available for adoption right now.
If you love Rottweilers, learn more about the rescue options for this breed on this Rottweiler Rescue page.
How To Adopt A Puppy
So now you've found the shelters and pounds in your area, and are  ready to embark on your quest for the perfect pup or dog for your  family.... how do you begin?
The best thing to do is to go and  take a look at each option with an open mind - and try not to pick the  first pup you see! It will be difficult to do because there are just SO  many dogs who need your help, but it's important to take your time and  be sure you're making the right decision. If you don't, the happy ending  you're after could be difficult to find.
Depending on the individual shelter or rescue center, the procedure to adopt a puppy or dog may vary.
In  general though, expect to answer some questions before you're allowed  to take your new best friend home. Of course, the shelter WANTS you to  give one of their dogs a good home, but first they need to be sure that  the homeless puppy you choose is a good 'fit' for you and your family.
Before you can adopt a puppy they'll most likely want to know some, or all, of the things below -
Do you rent or own your home?
Do you have fenced yard?
Do you have children, if so how old?
How many hours per day will the dog, or puppy be left alone?
Do you have other pets?
Answer honestly, it'll help the shelter staff match you up with the right puppy for your lifestyle.
You should also ask some questions before you pick a dog or puppy to adopt......
It's so easy to be captivated by the first pair of puppy-dog eyes you  see that it's a good idea to make a list of 'my puppy must-haves' before  you go!
Ask yourself what it is you're looking for in a dog, what things are  essential, what are negotiable and what doesn't matter one bit.
A few minutes thought and preparation can help prevent you leaving with the least suitable (but of course equally adorable) puppy in the place.
For example your 'adopt a puppy' list could include things like -
Approx. adult size of dog or puppy you'd prefer. Bear mind though, that  a mix breed puppy is always a bit of a gamble when it comes to size
Long or short coat?
Male or female?
Temperament & energy level, eg. do you want a quiet, laid back lap dog or a high energy running partner?
The ASPCA has a great program called the Meet Your Match program .  This is designed to help match dogs, puppies and cats to their  prospective new 'parents' using science rather than speculation.
Shelters using this program are reporting reduced return rates, and an increased number of successful adoptions.
It's  still perfectly possible that you'll fall in love with a dog that  doesn't fit your list, and that's OK as long as you're aware that you'll  need to adapt your expectations or preparations to fit your new best  friend.
Here's a really useful video that will walk you through the Top 10 things you need to consider when you're thinking about adopting a puppy (or any other pet for that matter).....
If you're looking to adopt a puppy or dog,
would you please consider choosing a black one?
If this sounds strange,check out this website
www.blackpearldogs.com
you'll soon understand why it's important.
I had no idea that a black pup or dog was likely to be overlooked in favor of a lighter colored one - especially if it's BIG as well as black!
This website will touch your heart and I hope that in some small way we can help the plight of these abandoned dogs and puppies that so desperately need loving homes and families.
Color discrimination is a terrible thing in the human world, now it seems it also exists in the dog world, let's put an end to that.... now!.
If you live in the UK you can get a complete, up-to-date list of dogs available for adoption  throughout the country, and find out how to adopt a puppy near you, by  clicking on the Dogsblog.com banner below......
Let The Shelter Staff Help You
The staff at the rescue center can help you adopt a dog, or a puppy,  that is right for you.
They will probably have a basic knowledge of each  individual animal, private shelters often have fewer dogs and more time  to spend with them so may have more information available.
Although,  in my personal experience, even the busy, overcrowded City Pound is  staffed by caring people who take the time and trouble to get to know  each homeless dog or puppy and have the dog's best interests at heart.
Before you adopt a puppy it's a good idea to ask about the following things for each rescue dog you're interested in -
Personality
this is obviously easier to determine in adolescent or mature dogs,  puppies can be more of an unknown quantity. In general, look for a  friendly, playful puppy (not one who seems hyperactive or is cowering in  a corner). If you can find out something about a homeless puppy's  parents or heritage it helps. Individual dog breeds have different personality traits and and inborn characteristics, some  of which you can expect to show up in even mix breed pups. In your  search to adopt a puppy, be very wary of any dog showing signs of  aggression, and a puppy should never growl or snap.
Energy level
It's usually best not to adopt a puppy who resembles the Energizer  Bunny with ADHD or the one that refuses to even get up (unless you want to be on the go 24/7 or intend to carry your new pet everywhere!). On a  serious note, a puppy who seems listless and disinterested in his  surroundings could be sick, or getting that way so be careful there.
General health
Find out if the puppy or dog you're  interested in had any health problems when admitted to the shelter. If  so, what was wrong and what treatment was given? Is follow-up care  needed? Most shelter animals receive routine vaccinations and are spayed  or neutered before being re-homed. When looking to adopt a dog double  check to be sure that this is the case with your pup.
Social skills
If you're interested in an adolescent or adult dog ask if they are  housebroken, socialized or have any basic obedience training. Some are  and some aren't, it may not be a huge deal to you either way but before  you adopt a puppy it's a good idea to know what to expect, that way  you're prepared.
Picking The Perfect Pup
Now you've narrowed it down to one (or maybe several) puppies, ask if  you can spend some one-on-one time with the ones you're interested in.
Most  shelters have special rooms or designated areas just for his purpose.  If all goes well go ahead and introduce the rest of the family. It's always a good idea for the whole family to go together when choosing to adopt a puppy, or dog.
You  often don't know too many details about the background of rescue dogs  and, for whatever reason, some shelter dogs may be great with women and  children but terrified of men.
Or they may be quite comfortable  with adults but very nervous around the quick movements and high pitched  voices of children It's best to find this out sooner rather than later.
Ask  the shelter if they have offer 'trial' or 'grace' periods where you can  take an animal home for a couple of days, or a weekend, to make sure  it's a good 'fit' before you officially adopt him or her.
If you're looking for a family dog, you'll find all the tips and advice you need on these pages.....
