  criteria fulfilled
  criteria not fulfilled
1 No more than 1.5% higher than the 3 best-performing EU member states. HICP rate as published by the ECB .
2 No more than 2% higher than the 3 best-performing EU member states.
3 Values from May 2008 report [9] . To be updated each year.
4 Negative value is a surplus.
Since 1 January 1999, the krone has been part of the ERM II mechanism, under which it is required to trade within 2.25% either side of a specified rate of 1 euro equal to 7.46038 kroner (making the lower rate 7.29252 and the upper rate 7.62824). [7] This band, 2.25%, is narrower than the 15% band used for most ERM II members. However, the exchange rate has kept within 0.5% of the defined rate, even less than the set limits. [8] The independence of the Danish central bank is therefore limited in practice. Its aim is to keep the krone within this exchange rate band. This policy marks a continuation of the situation that existed from 1982–1999 with regard to the Deutsche Mark , which provided a similar anchor currency for the krone. The ECB is also obliged to help protect the Danish currency in the case of speculative attacks.
[ edit ] History
[ edit ] Early monetary unions in Denmark (1873–1914)
On 5 May 1873 Denmark with Sweden fixed their currencies against gold and formed the Scandinavian Monetary Union . Prior to this date Denmark used the Danish rigsdaler divided into 96 rigsbank skilling. In 1875, Norway joined this union. A rate of 2.48 kroner per gram of gold, or roughly 0.403 grams per krone was established. An equal valued krone of the monetary union replaced the three legacy currencies at the rate of 1 krone = ½ Danish rigsdaler = ¼ Norwegian speciedaler = 1 Swedish riksdaler . The new currency became a legal tender and was accepted in all three countries. This monetary union lasted until 1914 when World War I brought an end to it.[ why? ] But the name of the currencies in each country remained unchanged.
[ edit ] European Monetary System and pre-euro monetary cooperation
The Danish krone was fixed to a basket of European currencies during the 1980s. This was formalised in the European Monetary System (EMS). [9] Prior to that Denmark had participated in the " European currency snake " in the years after the collapse of the Bretton Woods system .
[ edit ] Pre-eurozone documents (1992–1999)
The Maastricht Treaty originally required that all EU member states except the UK join the euro. However, following a referendum on 2 June 1992 in which Danes rejected this treaty, Denmark negotiated the Edinburgh Agreement , under which Denmark was also allowed to opt out from eurozone membership , which was accepted in a referendum on 18 May 1993. As the result, Denmark is not required to join the eurozone. Denmark did however participate in Stage 2 of EMU, which was considered the preparatory phase for the introduction of the euro. [10] As a part of this process, the National Bank of Denmark participated in various aspects of the planning of the euro as it was still considered to be very important for future Danish economic policy. According to a history published by the central bank, "Firstly, it was important to create a solid framework for price stability in the euro area, making it an appropriate anchor for the Danish fixed-exchange-rate policy. Secondly, Denmark had an interest in developing an expedient framework for exchange rate cooperation between the euro area and the non-euro area member states. Thirdly, Denmark had a general interest in the formulation of the ground rules for Stage 3 of EMU to ensure that Denmark would be able to adopt the single currency at a later stage on the same terms as those applying to the initial euro area member states." [10]
[ edit ] Euro referendum (2000)
Main article: Danish euro referendum, 2000
A referendum held on 28 September 2000 rejected membership of the eurozone . 87.6% of eligible voters turned out, with 46.8% voting yes and 53.2% voting no. [11] Most political parties, media organisations and economic actors in Denmark campaigned in favour of adopting the euro. However, a couple of major parties campaigned against. Had the vote been favourable, Denmark would have joined the eurozone on 1 January 2002, and introduced the banknotes and coins in 2004. The immediate run-up to the referendum saw a significant weakening of the euro vs. the US dollar. Some analysts believe that this resulted in a general weakening of confidence in the new currency, directly contributing to its rejection. The bank believes that the debate was "coloured by the view that, on account of its fixed-exchange-rate policy, Denmark had already reaped some of the benefits of joining the euro area." [12]
[ edit ] Possible second euro referendum
