George – 4 year old male Boxer
George is a gorgeous 4 year old Boxer boy. He has a heart condition which is controlled by medication and he will faint if he is over excited so his exercise needs to be limited. Despite this he is still a typical Boxer and full of fun! He is great with kids and has been around children from as young as 2 years old. He isn’t bothered by other dogs, in fact hes more scared of them than anything. He has never shown aggression towards cats either so could possibly live with one if introduced properly. Due to George’s medical condition he can not be castrated but he is fully vaccinated and chipped.
Harvey – 9 year old male Boxer
Harvey is a gorgeous 9 year old lovable lively Boxer gent with a great personality. He loves people and is good with kids, he needs plenty of fuss and attention and he is full of fun. Harvey would need to be the only pet in the house, as he is a people dog! He would be best in a home who can take him for walks where he wont meet a lot of other dogs as he doesn’t socialise with them and he doesn’t like cats. This is his only downside. He is good in the house, doesn’t chew when left alone and is house trained.
Dolly – 4 year old female Boxer
Dolly is a 4 year old brindle Boxer girl who is looking for an active family home who can give her plenty of attention and exercise, she is great with kids and has lived with other dogs. She would prefare a home with another dog for company as she has always lived with them. She hasn’t lived with cats.
Murphy – 5 year old male Boxer
Murphy is a 5 year old white Boxer boy (he is not deaf) who is looking for a loving family home who can give him lots of exercise and attention. He is great with kids and could live with a female dog. He has not lived with cats.
Kane – 6-7 year old male Boxer
Kane is a 6-7 year old Boxer who is looking for a new home due to a relationship breakup. Kane is a lovely natured dog, loves cudddles and very loyal. He likes toys and bones but not too bothered by playing fetch. He is trained to sit, lie, stay, leave, roll over, play dead and bark on command. Kane will walk to heel once he has had a run off the lead and can also jump obstacles. Currently fed on a dry food but likes a little bit of wet food mixed in too. Kane needs a home with kids older than 13, the children in the home should be taught to give him his own space too.
Kane is good with small dogs, most female dogs and most passive male dogs. He is playful and sometimes this can be mistaken by other dogs for aggression. Kane was kept with a cat from a kitten. They would play and sleep together but I don’t think he realised it was a cat! At relatives houses he chased their cat but once the novelty had worn off he left it alone. Kane is clean in the house and isnt destructive when left alone. Kane is fully vaccinated, microchipped and will be castrated.
Casey – 2 year old female Boxer cross Mastiff
Casey is a 2 year old Boxer cross Mastiff girl with a lovely temperament, she is lively, boisterous and full of fun, a big overgrown pup. Case is good with other dogs and children, she needs an active home with Boxer experience. Casey is always on the go and needs a lot of exercise. She is toilet trained and is used to staying in her crate when left alone. Casey is not good with cats.
Magic – 8 year old female Boxer
Magic is an ex breeding Boxer girl aged approximately 8 years old who was taken into a family home a few years ago, so she has got used to living in a family environment, with kids. Sadly the family had to move and couldnt take Magic with them. She is a lovely friendly girl with people and children of all ages but wil need to be the only pet in the house as she isn’t keen on other dogs and unknown with cats. She needs some work on the lead as she doesnt seem to have much training, she will pull and jump towards other dogs and is a strong girl. This wont be a hard problem to fix, she just needs regular walks and socialising. Magic is an affectionate loving dog, who would complete any family home.
Riley – 4 year old male Boxer
Riley is a 4 year old active Boxer boy who is looking for an equally active family home with someone around for most of the day as he gets stressed when left alone. Riley has lived with children but is a typical lively boxer and full of bounce! He would be better in a home with children over 10 years old or in an adult only home. He is very very playful with other dogs but hasnt spent alot of time with them. He chases/barks at cats so best not to be homed with them. Riley is a very very loving and playful boxer, he craves alot of attention and if you cuddle with him he will stay there all day.
He gets very excited when unfamiliar faces come in to the home and tends to jump up but will just be saying hello and wait for a stroke then isnt much bother. He understands sit, paw and lie down. He will need some training when out on walk, he pulls alot and is a big strong boy, he will need work on his recall too. He has 3 meals a day of biscuits and tinned food mixed. He is an amazing and loving pet who just wants attention. Riley can get a bit obsessive over his food and toys so will need some work on this.
Ty – 5 year old male Boxer
Ty is a 5 year old Boxer boy who is looking for a loving family home. Tyson is a great character, he is very intelligent and can do tricks for rewards, his favourite games are hide and seek the treat/ball. He loves to be out and about on walks. He originally came from germany and so most of his commands are in german, although he does understand and respond to english commands too. Most of the time he is generally relaxed but like all Boxer’s he has his bouncy playful side too.
He has a good appetite and has had no major health issues. He is unsure on first meeting new people especially tall men, but once he is sure there is no threat he is friendly. He is ok with younger dogs and non dominant males and fine with all bitches. He is not a fan of cats or small animals Ty is crate trained and is used to staying in there when he has to be left alone.
Jess – 7 year old female Boxer
Gorgeous Jess needs a forever home. She is a 7 year old Boxer girl who has lived with other dogs, cats and kids! She is an all round lovely girl who will complete any family home. She is a typical Boxer who loves her toys and going for long walks, She travels well too. She is fully vaccinated, spayed and chipped.
