General information
What does Toronto Animal Services (TAS) do?
Toronto Animal Services promotes responsible pet ownership, encourages voluntary compliance with animal-related laws ( City of Toronto Municipal Code Chapter 349 (PDF file size 95KB)), promotes pet adoption and pet identification. TAS works to further promote and support a harmonious environment where humans and animals can co-exist free from conditions that adversely affect their health and safety.
TAS also provides services to pet owners (e.g., lost pets, owner surrender, cremation, etc.) and services to citizens in the City of Toronto (e.g., pick up of sick and/or injured wildlife, removal of dead animals, etc.). For more information contact Toronto Animal Services at 416-338-PAWS(7297).
Where are the Animal Centres located?
There are four Animal Centres in the city.
When are the Animal Centres open?
Centre Hours
Monday through Sunday 10:30 am to 6:30 pm
Centres Closed
Statutory Holidays, Rememberance Day, and the Monday after Easter
Is Toronto Animal Services the same as the OSPCA (humane societies)?
Toronto Animal Services enforces the City of Toronto bylaws as they relate to animals living in the City of Toronto. We care for all animals impounded under the bylaws. In contrast, the Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (OSPCA) aims to prevent cruelty to animals. Toronto Animal Services and the various branches and affiliates of the OSPCA advocate responsible pet ownership through education, provide adoption services and share a concern for the welfare of animals.
Does Toronto Animal Services operate spay/neuter clinics?
Yes, Toronto Animal Services operates a Spay/Neuter Clinic. The telephone number is 416-338-6281.
For more information on the requirements, hours of the spay/neuter clinic and/or to book an appointment, please contact the telephone number listed above. Please note that the City's veterinarians provide the surgery for cats only.
Why is it important to sterilize my dog or cat?
The City of Toronto area has a serious pet over-population problem. Sterilizing animals before they have puppies or kittens is an effective method of controlling animal population. Sterilization has also proven to benefit the health and well being of many animals. A veterinarian can perform this simple medical procedure which promotes animal health and prevents the birth of additional animals for which good homes may not be available.
What educational programs are available?
An Animal Care & Control Officer with help of a canine companion, provides Dog Bite Prevention programs to elementary schools throughout the City of Toronto. Other public education presentations are provided to community groups and public events events by request. For more information, call 416-338-8522.
Can I volunteer with Toronto Animal Services?
Yes.  Animal Services has a variety of different volunteer opportunities where you can lend a helping hand. Volunteers are always welcome to help with animal socialization, cat cuddling and dog walking. We are also in need of volunteers to foster our orphaned animals and pregnant dogs and cats, especially in the spring and summer months.
To become a volunteer, visit one of our Animal Centres to complete a volunteer application and receive information about our volunteer programs.  Our staff will provide you with an orientation of the Animal Centre and you will have an opportunity to positively interact with the cats and dogs available for adoption. Our volunteers find this to be a rewarding experience and their commitment greatly contributes to the physical and psychological well being of our adoptable dogs and cats.
Adoption
Do your shelters have animals available for adoption?
Yes. Each of our Animal Centres houses a variety of dogs and cats, young and old, as well as other types of small animals available for adoption .  Make sure to check back frequently as new animals are posted for adoption each day.
Adoption Hours
Monday through Sunday 10:30 am to 6:30 pm
Statutory holidays: closed
What are the requirements for adopting a pet from Toronto Animal Services?
Toronto Animal Services encourages the adoption of available animals to responsible pet owners.  If you are interested in adopting a pet, you will be required to complete an adoption questionnaire at the Animal Centre. The questionnaire will assist our staff to make sure that the pet you choose will best fit your lifestyle. You will also need to provide a drivers licence or I.D. with your current address.  Payment can be in the form of cash, debit, Visa, MasterCard or American Express.
What are the fees for adopting an animal?
The adoption fees include vaccinations, microchip and refundable certificates for surgical sterilization of the pet, rabies vaccination and veterinary health check.
Adult cats or kittens are $75.00 plus all taxes and $15.00 annual licence fee (discount available to senior citizens).
Adult dogs or puppies are $125.00 plus all taxes and $25.00 annual licence fee (discount available to senior citizens) and a one time sterilization recovery fee plus all taxes ($60.00 for neutered male dogs and $90.00 for spayed female dogs).
Why are there more cats than dogs available for adoption?
Although it is mandatory to register your cat each year with the City of Toronto, there are currently no laws to prohibit cats from roaming the streets. When roaming cats are brought to Toronto Animal Services, we often cannot contact the owner because the cat is not wearing any form of identification and has not been microchipped.
If the owners do not come in to find their cats after a specified period of time, the cat can be put up for adoption.  Toronto Animal Services has more cats available for adoption, as fewer cats are returned to or claimed by their owners than dogs.
Licensing/registration
Why do I need to licence and vaccinate my pet?
Regardless of a dog or cat’s (and owner's) lifestyle, the City of Toronto Municipal Code Chapter 349 (PDF file size 95KB) requires that all dogs and cats are licensed/registered on an annual basis. In addition, Ontario Regulation 567, Health Protection and Promotion Act, requires that all dogs and cats be vaccinated against rabies .
Where can I get a licence for my pet?
You can licence/register your pet at any of our Animal Centres .
Where does the money for pet licensing go?
The money received for pet licensing/registration allows us to:
feed and shelter stray animals           support the rescue of lost and/or homeless animals that are injured or in need of veterinary care           provides 24 hour emergency response to calls for animals requiring immediate medical assistance or are jeopardizing the safety of the public           return lost pets
provide public education programs
How do I update my pet's licensing/registration information?
In order to keep accurate and up-to-date records, we ask you to please send us any updated information on either yourself or your pets. Updated information (e.g., new mailing address, phone number, etc.) can be sent via mail, fax or by phone to:
Toronto Animal Services
