Why is it so important to find your birth parents?
May 2004
In this last week's recommendation newsletter, somebody asked  for recommendations on resourced for finding birth parents, to  which someone replied ''knowing who your birthmother is will add  a richness to your life that makes navigating all the new  emotions worth it.'' This statement really brought up some  questions for me. As an adoptee who has never really had any  interest in finding her birth parents, it seems like I'm in the  minority. Does anyone else feel the same way I do? If you think  it's important to find them, why is it so important to find  these people? I appreciate them and am grateful for their  generosity, but I know who my mother is and it's the woman who  raised me. I am estranged from my adoptive father (he left us  when I was three) who I tried to reconnect with some years back  but it has only confused thing for me. He was not part of my  growing up, so I find it difficult to relate to him as a  father. We have nothing in common and now I wish I had never  made contact. What kind of relationship can I have with someone  with whom I have nothing more in common than some DNA? How does  this enrich my life? Am I missing something? I already feel  that my life is so full, what can knowing who this person is  add? I'm not judging, I just want somebody to provide me with  some new insight. Anonymous
I look forward to reading the answers on this topic. I, too, am  adopted, and I also have not been interested in finding my  birth parents. Sure, I was mildly curious, and if you handed me  an envelope with the info I would open it, but the benefits  didn't seem worth the trouble and emotional strain.  Recently I have been starting to feel differently. Mainly, I  think, because my mother died a year and a half ago. Not only  does this mean that I could look without hurting her or making  her anxious, but it also brings home that the window to find my  birth mother will not be open forever -- she is getting older,  too.
Also, as my kids (biological) approach adulthood and I see the  ways we are connected, not just in shape of nose, but in  personality traits, too, I wonder what traits I share with my  birth parents.
For now, the thought of opening a new emotionally trying  chapter when I am really just recovering from my mother's death  and the complicated aftermath still does not seem worth the  possible benefits. But I am wondering about it more and more.  -- getting more curious
I am a 35 year old adoptee and have found myself interested in  searching at different points of my life but never really  actively pursued it.  When i was in my 20's and in therepy we  explored  part of my desire to seach as possible part of a  greater issue with abandonment.  After finishing my therepy  the ''need'' to search was one of the things that ''miraculously''  dissapated.  When i started to have children I became  interested again for reasons of medical history and the  usual ''who do they look/act like'' questions.  Again I never  went further that getting my non-identifying info from the  adoption agency.  From this i learned what my biological  parents physical stats were, their interests (during college  years) and my heritage which i always sort of knew but it was  affirmed.  It lingers in the back of my mind, but mostly for  the medical reasons and curiousity- I really have very little  desire for an emotional relationship - that's what my ''real''  family provides. not searching now but maybe???
I don't have any personal experience with this but my closest  friend (whom I've been friends with since childhood) was  adopted through an open adoption and her biological mother is  also a distant relative of her mother. I have witnessed the  pain and confusion that knowing her biological parents has  caused her and she had remarked to me many times that she  wishes that she didn't know them. And I wanted to ad, perhaps  more significantly, that, from reading your post, you seem to  have the insight that you seek. You seem to know your truth. Anon
You ask alot of important questions about finding one's  birhtparents, and I'd like to respond based on both my personal  experiences as an adoptive mother and sister of someone who  relinguished her daughter for adoption many years ago, and as a  psychotherapist working with adoptees, birthparents, and  adoptive parents.
I think the primary risk of not knowing one's biological family  is the secrecy that often accompanies unasked questions, and the  subsequent shame that one feels as a result of the secrecy. The  developmental tasks of childhood and adolescence which shape  identity formation and self esteem can be impacted by doubts and  mystery about one's origins. In my own limited expereince,  adoptees from closed adoptions frequently wonder about the  circumstances of their adoption, e.g.,''why was I placed for  adoption?'', and even harbor worries about being somehow  different or less lovable, without really understanding  why. ''Finding someone I looked like'' was one of the compelling  reasons my sister's birth daughter searched for her biological  parents. And, of course medical history is always good  information to have for you and your children.   On the other hand, I've met several adolescent and adult  adoptees who have very little curiosity about their birth  families, and do not seem the least bit burdoned by such  questions.
In your e-mail, you presume that you have very little in common  with your birthparents other than DNA.  How can you know this?   Its entirely possible that you have alot in common with them  including siblings, personality traits, talents, hobbies, and  interests. Such things have genetic underpinnings. You also  say , ''my life is full,'' as if knowing more people who love you  would take away, rather than add to your riches.  Of course, its  not always so easy or simple. People are sometimes disappointed  with who their birthparents turn out to be.  And, there's no one  answer for everyone.
I hope you follow your instincts on what's right for you, and in  the meantime, if you need more information, or support, there  are many resources available. One place to start might be PACER,  an organization that provides information and support for  adoptees looking for their birthparents, or those who simpy need  to understand what's involved in this process. Their number is 1- 888-746-0514.  Best of luck! Phylis
I'm an adoptee who sought out and found my birth mother fairly  late in life (at age 34). I never felt a burning desire to know  my biological parents, but was somewhat curious and wanted to  know my medical history before having children.  In any event, I  met my birth mother and two full, biological sisters in person  several years ago.  Even though I didn't realize it until later,  the meeting was one of the most difficult and emotionally  draining events of my life.  Significantly, I had not given any  thought to what type of relationship, if any, I would have with  my birth family after our initial meeting.  As it turns out, my  mother and sisters think of me as a long-lost relative and tried  hard to integrate me into their family for several years after  our meeting, whereas I do not view them as being part of my  family.  I felt no kinship with them when I met them even though  I certainly thought I would.  My family, as far as I'm  concerned, is the family that raised me.  I did learn about my  medical history and am grateful for that info (turns out I am at  significant risk for colo-rectal cancer and have started early  screening), but some of the info (family history of mental  illness and epilepsy) I cannot do anything about and don't know  if I'm glad to know about it.  The long and the short of it is  that I probably would not seek out my birth family again knowing  what I know now.  I agree wholeheartedly with your statement  that you may not have anything in common with your birth family  solely by virtue of your shared genes.   Also an adoptee
You're not alone. I'm not interested in finding my birth  parents either. It helps that they (if even alive) live on the  other side of the world. I wouldn't mind having their medical  history, though.
Dear Adoptee – I am someone who decided in my mid-20’s that I wanted to  find my birth parents, or more specifically, I wanted to find  out who they were.  Many factors went into this: 1) learning  my genetic medical history, 2) learning my genetic cultural  history, 3) finding out what the state knew about me that I  didn’t (that was a big one for me), and 4) finding out the  story of my conception and birth.  Also, there is something  very satisfying in figuring out a mystery – I felt like a private  investigator at times, and there was a sense of excitement  and accomplishment as I grew closer to discovering my  birthparents’ identities.  Why some people choose to search  for their birthparents and others don’t may have something  to do with why some people are interested in genealogy and  some aren’t.  For the former, knowledge of how they came  to be in the world helps them find a place for themselves,  and gives them a sense of who they are.  For others, the  information has no relevance.  For me, I think my interest  has been sparked by the information not being available.  I  am way more into genealogy than my biological  half-siblings are (who have always had the information  available to them).  I remember telling my half-brother, don’t  you think it’s crazy to think that if so and so wasn’t born we  wouldn’t be here?  His response: “I guess so.”  Also, even if it’s only on a completely cellular level, to some  degree our genetic make-up does tell us something about  who we are.  In my case, my birth mother has a possibly  genetic type of cancer and I am really glad I know that and  can watch for it.  But the satisfying thing for me is knowing  where my ancestors came from and how I came to be here.   When people say, “Are you Scandinavian?” I have an  answer.  However, I should point out that information is  different that having a relationship with people.  I never for a  moment regret that I have information about myself and how  I came to exist; however I don’t feel a strong need to have a  relationship with my birth parents.  I do NOT feel that they  are my parents, more like extended relatives, while they,  especially my birthmother, think of me as their daughter. It’s  a bit uncomfortable, but manageable.  And to me, worth the  information.   I believe in England (I am thinking of that  wonderful Mike Leigh movie) and some states the  information is open to adoptees when they turn eighteen,  without contact having to occur.  To me that’s the best  solution, but it’s not available to everyone.  But if you’re not  curious anyway, I say let it go.  An Adoptee Who Searched and Found
I know many adoptees who, like you, never wanted to search. I  get the sense that they feel like their lives are the way they  want them to be, they have families and friends and no reason to  seek out birth family. I too have a wonderful family, and ave  never felt like my life was lacking anything that meeting my  birth mother could fix, but I have always been curious. I wanted  to meet someone who looks like me. WHen I met my birth mother,  our physical similarities was probably the thing that moved me  least. I discovered connections that I had never even thought  about but so validated my who and how I am. We are both artists  and healers. There are ways that she just gets me that nobody  else in my life does or can. That doesnt mean she fills anybody  else's role, because I have space for her in my life too.  Meeting my birth mother did not make any part of my life less  rich or full. It just seemed to make things make more sense. Another adoptee
It was very interesting to read the repsonses from adult  adoptees about finding birthparents. I wanted to add my own  experience to the mix, but qualify it by saying that searching  is a highly individual experience and any decision an adoptee  makes should be supported.
I first thought about searching at age 23, prompted by my  adoptive mother for medical reasons.  But it took me seven  years to really convince myself to do it, I think mostly  because I wanted to do it in my own way without the government  interfering. And I was afraid they would either be dead,  wouldn't acknowledge me, or had kept me secret from their  families and loved ones. And I was afraid of upsetting my  parents, even though my mom was in favor of my search (albeit  for medical reasons only at the time). Finally, when I was sure that I could accept whatever outcome,  I signed the papers and waited.  I should say at this point  that I enlisted a therapist who specializes in adoption issues  and is an adoptee herself to help support me through the  process. If you decide to search I think it would be helpful  because it's hard for non-adoptees to really understand our  point of view, even close friends who would see us through  anything.
So what happened was something more amazing and wonderful than  I could have ever imagined.  My birth mother and my birth  father responded immediately and enthusiastically.  They had  been waiting for me to contact them -- my birth father had even  signed papers in anticipation of my 18th birthday should I ever  decide to search.  My birthparents, although not married, have  kept in touch and been friends all these years.  And not only  did I discover important medical information (family risk of  asthma, migraines and osteoporosis), but I have been openly  welcomed by my birthparents and their extended families.  I am  in contact with aunts, uncles, cousins, second cousins, half  brothers, and all are wonderful, interesting people.  My kind  of people, really.  And the stories you hear about similarities  was really true for me.  My birthmother and I are uncannily  alike -- same type of college, same graduate degree, same kind  of favorite pen, same favorite soup recipe (ginger carrot soup  from Moosewood), same way of asking questions, same habit of  staying up too late at night and volunteering for too many  things.  My birthfather and I traveled to the same countries,  pursued the same sports and prefer the same type of birthday  cake alternative (apple pie).  Things like that.
My family has really been wonderful, my mom especially.  She  was the one who first encouraged me to search and she has since  met my birthparents.  My dad was slower to accept the series of  events, but has exchanged letters with my birthparents,  thanking them for giving him the opportunity to be a dad.  My brother, who is also adopted, has no desire to search and after  some conversations, he understands that my decision to search  is in no way tacit encouragement for him to do the same. If you decide to search and have concerns about your family's  reaction and acceptance, there is a great booklet that I gave  to my parents that really helped.  It's by Carol Demuth from  the Aries Center in Garland, TX at (214) 414-3639. Good luck to you. MAG
A different story...A very close friend of mine [Kim] sought her  birth parents soon after she turned 18 yrs old. With some luck  and a helpful person at the DMV she found her birth mother  first, who had prayed for the day her daughter would try to find  her. My girlfriend's mother had her at 17 years of age, and was  forced to give her up for adoption.  She never had the  opportunity to have more children. ''Kim'' and her birth mother  bonded right away, and Kim was able to meet the rest of  her ''family'', who she still remains close to.  Kim's adopted  mother was very loving and encouraged Kim to find her birth  parents, then soon after died of cancer.  Kim was able to learn  about the circumstances of her birth, her medical history and  her cultural background.  To this day(she is in her late 30's  now) her birth mother is a part of her life. I know that many  people do not have a happy outcome to their ''reunions'', but  Kim's was, and her story has always touched me. Anon
I did not see the original post but I think I understand the  basic question - feel free to contact me directly if I don't  respond to your issue.  At the age of 25 I found my birth- mother, not to mention an entire family.  Her first words to me  were, ''I've been waiting 25 years for you to call me.''  That  phone call was the most difficult, and the most rewarding call  I've ever made.  The outcome was also emotionally devastating.   What I realized is that for 25 years I had been fantasizing  about who/what/where she was.  The truth was very difficult to  handle...however, it was the truth - not particularly bad or  good.
The reason to find your birth-mother is to put to rest all  your questions about who she is, who you are and why you  exist.  Isn't the most basic question of all, ''why am I  alive?''  Your birth-mother can answer that question.  It may  not be particularly exciting, it may cause you to feel sadness,  anger, or happiness, but it will make you feel something.  I  can't tell you the incredible emotion that I felt when my birth- mother sent me a picture she had taken of me in a foster home  when I was three months old.  She had written my birth name on  the back of the photo and a dress she had given me (later  returned to her) had been wrapped in tissue - she had kept both  in the back of her dresser drawer for my entire life.  She  never stopped thinking of me as her baby.
Thirteen years after that first phone call we still have a  very good relationship.  However, it took a lot of work...we  were both determined to make it happen.  I realize that our  relationship is not the norm, and that most adoptees are not  interested in that type of outcome.  Keep your expectations  low, and your goals clear.  Expect to go through some emotional  turmoil, even if you never had any prior emotion about your  adoption.  Get involved with ALMA - they can provide support  groups and information as to how to go about doing a search.   Good luck berko
I saw an excellent documentary on PBS a few years ago called ''First  Person Plural'' about a woman adopted from Korea, raised by a white  family here in the Bay Area.  She journeyed to Korea as an adult and  met her birthmother and siblings, which whom she did not share a  language.    It was a powerful movie for me...
I was raised by my mother and stepfather, and looked for and met my  birthfather when I was 25.  I have known him for 20 years now and it is  definitely a confusing relationship for me.     I have been able to  move  past feelings of shame:  that he picked his other daughters/family  instead of me, and that has been a great relief.  l have a rich family  history and have met many of my relatives.  I know my health history  (pretty insignificant).  I feel that my children benefit more from this  relationship than I do, as he is another grandfather to them, and that  this  is a gift from me to my children.
I rarely feel completely relaxed around him and always carry the  question of what is family.   Knowing him has raised lots of  uncomfortable feelings for me, yet has also given me more insight into  myself.   anon
My birth mother just contacted me
April 2004
I am looking for some help. My birthmother contacted me for the  first time a few weeks ago and I am feeling everything from  thrill to fear. I would like to join either a formal support  group or just have a few phone numbers or email addresses of  adopted people who have been through the process of connecting  with birth parents to help me navigate this stretch of my  journey. Do you have suggestions? Have you been through this?  Please, help me. I am excited and scared and overwhelmed. Oh my god, this is actually happening!
Years ago when I was going through the roller coaster of search  and reunion, I was on a list-serv called the ''Adoptees Mailing  List'', ran by a guy named Jeff Hartung out of UCSD.  I just did  an internet search and they are now called AIML, Adoptees  Internet Mailing List.  Here's a link  http://www.aiml.org/about.htm   Good luck with this journey.
Hi.  How exciting for you.  Let me first share with you my  story.  I was adopted at birth and raised on the Peninsula  (near San Mateo).  About 12 years ago my sister (all of us  adopted at birth) tracked down her birth mother.  After awhile,  after my adoptive parents got used to the idea of the birth  mother in my sister's life, I told my dad I was interested in  tracking down my birht parents.  He put me in touch with an  attorney at the firm who handled my adoption who shared with me  some information that had been shared with my parents at the  time I was adopted (in 1962).  I got access to enough  information to allow me to track both birth parents down.   Amazingly my birth mother lived very closeby.  Anyhow, although  I've made contact with both, only my birth mother has remained  close to me and is today a close personal friend.  My adoptive  parents have accepted her (and her husband) as part of the  family.  It's been a very fulfilling experience.     There are a number of adoptee websites around such as (pardon  the name) Bastard Nation (bastards.org) and Adoptees.com.  Best  of luck to you.  Feel free to contact me directly if you want.   I'd be glad to share with you more information if you're  interested.   Rob
The adoption alliance group, PACT http://www.pactadopt.org/ is definitely a resource you should utilize! Anon
Hi adoptee:   I connected with both of my birthparents in late 2000.  I can  share my experience with you as well as some really great books  on adoption that I read during this very exciting but scary  time.     Congratulations! No matter what happens with this new  relationship, knowing who your birthmother is will add a  richness to your life that makes navigating all the new  emotions worth it.  maureene
Jan. 2003
does anyone know of any good agencies that can assist in looking  for ones biological parents.
Any adoption agency would be able to give the information you  need. I was told, from an adoptee who works at Pact (an adoption  facililtator located in Richmond), that it is relatively easy to  locate birthparents. Their number:510 243-9460. Anyone there can  help you. They are all wonderfule people. Good luck
Here's a great page full of links: http://www.geocities.com/Heartland/Estates/9590/
And I recommend you check out ALMA.  They've been very helpful  preparing some of my friends for the first encounter experience:  http://almasociety.org/
Good luck! anon
Searching for bilogical parents: In response to person looking for resources to locate  biological parents---This is such a difficult and painful area  for many to delve into. I worked in the adoption field for many  years and I usually referred people to Bastard Nation at  www.bastards.org. Apparently, they can be quite helpful in  this area. You may also want to contact NACAC (North  American Council on Adoptable Children) at  www.nacac.org. I found them to be very helpful to many of  the families I worked with. Best wishes on your search.  Make sure you have a lot of support around you.  jesse
I have recently started this process for myself.  I was adopted  in Missouri and got some help from a lawyer friend of mine who  directed me to someone at the juvenile court in the county that  has my records.  I would start there if I were you; most likely  a phone call to the court if you know the county where you were  adopted.  Also, there is a resource online that I found that  gives state by state information for getting access to records,  which are called ''non-identifying'' records (such as medical  information, etc.) and ''identifying'' records which include names  and numbers.  Identifying records in most cases can only be  released if your biological parents consent.  Lots of people  everywhere are working to change these access laws, but that's  the way it is for now.  Here's the site:   http://www.adopting.org/AccessToAdoptionRecords.html
You scroll down to your state and there will be a contact  address and phone number; usually a state social services  department.  In some cases, as is in my case, you will have to  obtain the consent of your adoptive parent to get these  records.  For me that's not a problem, but I understand it is in  other cases.  If you would like to discuss this further, please  send me an email.  Best of luck to you. Laura
Husband is looking for his birth family
August 2002
My husband was adopted and for medical reasons is interested in  finding his birth mother (family). Do we need to hire an  expensive private detective or is there another way? Any  thoughts or suggestions would be greatly apprectiated. anon
I have searched for and located my birth mother and father in  the past few years, and I would say not hire a private  detective. At least not until you do some work on your own first.
Adoption laws vary drastically by state...In Oregon, you can get  your birthmom's name just by requesting it (new legislation) ...  In Ohio (my birth state), you could get it ONLY if you were born  1964 or earlier (I was born in 1965) ... and so on.
Things to do:
1) Register with the free International Soundex Reunion Registry  (www.isrr.net). It's a non-profit, run by volunteers. I suggest  a donation for good karma. This is the best registry out there.  They ultimately hooked me up with my birthmom, even though my  first registration with them didn't turn up anything.
2) Read Jean Strauss' Birthright. It has lots of good, practical  advice on how to search for and find people. It was the best  advice I found.
3) Collect information from his adoptive parents. They might  know a lot more than they've said, maybe even a name or a  location or hospital.
4) Contact the adoption agency. Everyone is entitled to ''non- identifying'' information. Depending on your luck, you could get  a sympathetic social worker who might give a little more  information than they are supposed to. Even non-identifying  information such as hair & eye color, age, etc, can be very  helpful in hooking you up. Best case, you get a name. If the  adoption agency seems unresponsive, put your request in writing.  People's personal beliefs can really affect how they handle your  request.
5) Keep a notebook with all the information you gather, requests  for information, etc. It helps to be organized.
Once you have a name and state, it can be surprisingly easy to  find someone. Within minutes of getting my birthmom's name, I  had her address & phone number (thanks to Yahoo).
This is just dealing with the practical side. There's also the  emotional side to deal with...there are so many issues involved!  Even if your husband is looking just for medical reasons, some  other issues may come up.
There's a lot more that can be done, and feel free to contact me  if you want more information. I am very glad I did it, and only  wish I had done it sooner. Although parts of the search were sad  and painful, overall, it has brought me a lot of peace and  acceptance.
Good luck! Meghan
Home   |   Post a Message   |   Subscribe   |   Help   |   Search   |   Contact Us    
this page was last updated: Aug 30, 2006
The opinions and statements expressed on this website  are those of parents who subscribe to the Berkeley Parents Network .
Please see Disclaimer & Usage for information about using content on this website. Copyright © 1996-2012 Berkeley Parents Network
