vixy chick
you have to be bloody taking the piss or else your completly ignornant.
Ireland is NOT at part of the UK this is why we dont use their money cause we have our own the EURO
The UK government have sweet **** all to do with us, we have the power to govern ourselves (we fought for our freedom and won)
If you ever came to Ireland and uttered your question quite honestly you would have the **** kicked out of you and you would have deserved it, if i were around i probably join in.
Dont be so quick to display your ignorance!!!!!!!!!
**** YOU!!!!!!
I assume you're being IRONIC ha ha ... queens pound of what, are they potatoes???
still I think it's better to remain confused,
Andrew H
you need to go and read a history book my boy.
sad how in this day ang age someone can be so stupid, and still know how to use a computer!
huguenot85
Please don't confuse the REPUBLIC OF IRELAND with NORTHERN IRELAND. Although we irish would like them to be one again, they are not. Northern Ireland uses the Pound because they are, unfortunately, part of the UK. The REPUBLIC uses the euro and before that it used the Irish Punt or Irish Pound.
ehc11
Ireland is actually in two parts, there is Southern Ireland (a separate country to the UK with its own government and uses the Euro, also known as Eire) and Northern Ireland which is part of the UK, uses Pounds stirling and answers to Westminster I think.
Trish D
In relation to many answers here there is no such country as 'Southern Ireland'.
The main part of the island is a country called Ireland and the other bit is called Northern Ireland. Northern Ireland is still part of the UK and does not use the euro.
The independent country of Ireland does.
Sheels
Ireland is NOT part of the UK, We have our own government and currency the euro in the republic of Ireland.
Kitty
ireland is its own country.northern ireland is still governed by the UK, not the republic.
Anne K T
You are mixing up Northern Ireland with the Republic of Ireland, N Ireland is still in the UK and still uses pounds, Rep of Ireland is Free independent state for nealry 100 years uses the Euro, Catch up man!!!!
liamrun121314
euro well cost more for people if the uk changed it it will cause a big fuss
Kathryn B
Ireland is divided in two.  The 6 northern counties, Northern Ireland, are still tied to the UK and use the pound.  The other counties form the Republic of Ireland, a nation no longer tied to the UK.  As a member of the EU, the Republic of Ireland uses the Euro.
?
I like you confused, anyway at least you don't have to change your money up every time you holiday in Europe
need 'reals' where we're going hug x
Shiv
Are you serious????
Penfold
Eire is not part of the UK and has its own government and currency. Northern Ireland is part of the UK but may accept the euro given the relationship with Eire.
Alik411
southern Ireland is a completely seperate country from Northern Ireland which is part of the UK
Georgie
Because theyre awkward f*ckers, every one of them, including you.
Tally acting ignorant but not really Ho!
barn owl
Southern Ireland is an independent state and is not part of the U.K. but part of the British Isles.
Northern Island though is part of the U.K.
 Enter  Your Message or Comment
User Name:  
