Should the UK adopt the Euro?
Register with The Student Room today
(Once the recession is over)
Having watched the £ slip against the € over the past year, I've wondered whether we'd be better off with it or not.
The only constructive arguments against is that we wouldn't be able to control our monetary policy and would therefore have to use whatever the ECB(European Central Bank) decides and sets for the rest of the EU. For example, if the Euro economy recovers before the UK economy, interest rates may increase too quickly and harm the UK’s recovery.
However once out of recession would it be a good idea to adopt the Euro?
Benefits of the EURO
1. Transaction Costs:
There will be no longer a cost involved in changing currencies; this will benefit tourists and firms who trade within the EURO area. It has been estimated that this benefit will be equal to 1% of GDP so will be quite significant. (this is sometimes known as frictional costs)
2. Price Transparency:
With a common currency it will be easier to compare prices in different European countries because they would all be in Euros. This enables firms to source cheaper raw material and consumers to but cheaper goods For example, new car prices are much higher in the UK than elsewhere, a single currency could help reduce these price differentials.
3. Eliminating Exchange Rate uncertainty.
Volatile swings in the exchange rate can destroy the profitability of exports. This undermines business confidence in investing. Therefore with a single currency business confidence should improve leading to greater trade and economic growth.
4. Improvement in Inflation Performance.
The ECB which sets interest rates for the whole Eurozone area will be committed to keeping inflation low; countries with traditionally high inflation will benefit from this. However this point is debatable as countries outside the Euro have maintained low inflation.
5. Euro could emerge as a global trading currency
6. Inward investment
Inward investment may increase from outside the EU as firms take advantage of lower transaction costs within the EU area. Recently the Chairman of Nissan said the UK would lose inward investment if it stayed out of the Euro
7. Economizing on foreign currency reserves
8. The financial sector could benefit.
It would be easier to conduct banking and insurance with a single currency. It would be easier to trade German shares on the London stock market
