Summary Chart
Con: "GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: ...Governor Romney, let me begin with you because - you were clear. You've said you've always been against a federal mandate; you supported it in the State of Massachusetts...
GOVERNOR MITT ROMNEY: ...my plan - was designed for our state, and other states should have the right to create plans that work for them. And if they come up with something better than we did, then we can learn from them. But the idea of a federal government or a federal mandate, as you see with Obamacare, flies in the face of the Constitution, violates the tenth amendment. I think the Supreme Court will strike it down. If they don't, I will."
Republican presidential debate, Des Moines, IA, www.abc.go.com, Dec. 10, 2011
[Editor’s Note: As Governor of Massachusetts, Mitt Romney supported a state-level health insurance mandate as is evidenced by his Apr. 11, 2006 opinion article, "Health Care for Everyone? We Found a Way," available at online.wsj.com:
"[In Massachusetts] 40% of the uninsured were earning enough to buy insurance but had chosen not to do so. Why? Because it is expensive and because they know that if they become seriously ill, they will get free or subsidized treatment at the hospital. By law, emergency care cannot be withheld. Why pay for something you can get for free?
Of course, while it may be free for them, everyone else ends up paying the bill, either in higher insurance premiums or taxes...
I proposed that everyone must either purchase a product of their choice or demonstrate that they can pay for their own health care. It's a personal responsibility principle...
Some of my libertarian friends balk at what looks like an individual mandate. But remember, someone has to pay for the health care that must, by law, be provided: Either the individual pays or the taxpayers pay. A free ride on government is not libertarian...
...[B]ecause health insurance will now be affordable and subsidized, we insist that everyone purchase health insurance from one of our private insurance companies."]
