At least, over at WB56's online poll.
posted at 4:45 AM
A Winning Smile .
Secretary of State William F. Galvin predicted that 2.4 million of the state's active voters will cast ballots today, a 70 percent turnout that would rival the historic turnout in 1990's race between William F. Weld and John Silber. Polls are open from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. statewide.
``This is a not-to-be missed election,'' Galvin said. ``It's one that people will remember for years to come.''
posted at 4:08 AM
Now it's up to you .
Take Romney... if the common complaint among the rank and file is that we need new faces in politics, his is the most accomplished we've seen in a long, long time. He's a master of numbers at a time when Beacon Hill finances are slipping out of anyone's control. He has righted wrongs as monumental as the Olympics. He has a Midas touch with money. And, all said and done, he has integrity.
This is the closest, most interesting, most important election in Massachusetts in a dozen years, and on this day, it takes leave of the pollsters, the media strategists, and the commentators that know even less than they seem.
Today, it falls to you. Take advantage and go vote.
posted at 4:00 AM
Mitt's on the move: Pulls even with O'Brien, who slides after debate
Republican Mitt Romney has seized the momentum in the final hours of the gubernatorial race, pulling even with Democrat Shannon O'Brien - who was severely damaged by her final debate performance, a Boston Sunday Herald poll shows.
The poll shows that independent voters, turned off by O'Brien's showing in last week's Herald debate finale, are breaking heavily toward Romney.
posted at 6:34 PM
Romney's the one: A leader for Mass.
Difficult economic times require a special brand of leader, one with a vision of what can be, one not bound to the old ways, not weighed down with special-interest baggage, and yet one with a set of basic values that don't change over time or with the political winds.
Mitt Romney is that kind of leader, the kind of leader Massachusetts needs as governor right now.
posted at 4:58 PM
The silly season
Now let me see if I have this straight. Shannon O'Brien calls Mitt Romney a liar in Tuesday's debate. She wags her finger at him. She constantly interrupts him. She dodges virtually every substantative question she's asked with a smirk that won't go away.  And Romney's toss-off one-word description of her conduct as ''unbecoming'' somehow, in some bizarre way, becomes the story of the day. Beam me up, Scotty. I'm not sure I understand this thing called Massachusetts politics anymore.
The only thing we need to understnd right now is that Mitt Romney needs all of us to get out there and vote on Tuesday November 5th!
posted at 5:14 AM
The Final Debate - Andy Hiller .
Shannon O'Brien was impatient, petulant, even petty - while Mitt Romney was poised, positive and better under pressure. Even if you support O'Brien, and agree with her positions, it's unlikely she made you proud of her.
My mother was voting for Shannon O'Brien up until last night.  After the debate she switched to Mitt Romney.
My mother-in-law wanted to know what that smile on Shannon's face was.  We told her it was a smirk.  My mother-in-law hated that smirk.  She's going to make sure she gets to the polls to vote for Mitt Romney next week!
posted at 12:01 PM
