WASHINGTON – Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney has slammed Texas Gov. Rick Perry as soft on immigration while touting his own conservative positions on the issue.
By Mike Carlson, AP
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney debates Texas Gov. Rick Perry Sept. 12 in Tampa. Romney has criticized Perry's positions and policies on immigration.
Enlarge Close
By Mike Carlson, AP
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney debates Texas Gov. Rick Perry Sept. 12 in Tampa. Romney has criticized Perry's positions and policies on immigration.
Sponsored Links
But beyond a handful of decisions, including one issued the month before he left office and never fully implemented, Romney's experience with immigration issues in his home state is sparse, according to immigration experts in Massachusetts.
As governor, Romney moved from being positive on immigration to negative, particularly as it became apparent he was going to run for president, says Westy Egmont, co-chairman of the Governor's Advisory Council for Refugees and Immigrants. Egmont held the same position during Romney's term as governor from 2003 to 2007.
MORE: Perry, Romney draw support from distinct groups, poll finds
"Immigrants have had a place at the table and a place in the economy that is substantial," he said, noting that one in six Massachusetts residents are foreign born. "The fostering of it as an issue was distressing."
Egmont, who has served on the board for five governors, said Romney was "remarkably ill-informed" about immigration issues during his tenure.
He described Romney's relationship with  the board, which is appointed by the governor, as "uncomfortable."
"We were his appointees, but it was an uncomfortable relationship. And at one point, he changed the rules on the committee to disband most of it," he said.
Ryan Williams , a spokesman for Romney, said the former governor "supports legal immigration" but believes the government should not "turn a blind eye" to those who are in the United States illegally.
"As governor, he consistently opposed policies that encouraged illegal immigration while supporting programs that helped legal immigrants participate fully in the workforce," Williams said.
While governor, Romney vetoed a bill that would have allowed some illegal immigrants to pay in-state tuition at Massachusetts public universities. Romney is now one of the loudest detractors of Perry's 2001 decision to sign a law that allowed some children of illegal immigrants to pay in-state tuition at Texas universities.
Last week, the Romney campaign released a video quoting former Mexican president Vicente Fox thanking Perry for the action and noted the position was shared by Democratic leaders including President Obama .
Illegal immigrant 'magnet'
Romney said he vetoed the Massachusetts bill because it would be a "magnet" that attracts illegal immigrants to the United States. Perry defended his policy and said its critics didn't "have a heart." He later apologized for that comment.
Romney also lists his opposition to a measure that would have allowed illegal immigrants to carry driver's licenses and signed a "memorandum of agreement" with the federal government that allowed state troopers to enforce federal immigration laws.
Romney was not considered particularly friendly to immigrants but was also not deemed a threat, said Eva Millona, executive director of Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition. "I wouldn't say he was very involved when he was governor; he was never here because of his national ambitions," she said.
Also, Millona said, illegal immigration is not a serious problem in Massachusetts. Of the 1 million immigrants in the state, about 90% are either citizens or legal residents with green cards.
Romney's decision to sign the federal memorandum allowing state troopers to arrest suspected illegal immigrants had more to do with politics than public safety, Millona and Egmont said. "It came late in his administration as a political statement more than as a well-thought-out policy," Egmont said.
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson, who also worked with Romney as governor, said Romney's focus was "protecting our public safety and protecting the interest of the people who pay taxes, who are permanent legal residents or people who are U.S. citizens."
The measure was overturned by Gov. Deval Patrick , a Democrat, before it could be implemented.
Supporters of stronger immigration laws outside Massachusetts say Romney's record is better than many of his opponents.
Romney used to be "all over the board" on immigration but appears to have settled on a platform in recent years, said former representative Tom Tancredo of Colorado, a vocal opponent of illegal immigration. Tancredo endorsed Romney after he dropped out of the Republican presidential race in 2007.
Tancredo said that though Romney's views differed on some aspects of immigration reform, the two agreed on increased border security and punishing employers who employ illegal immigrants knowingly.
"I will say he has not wavered on immigration since we talked just before I endorsed him in the last election," Tancredo said. "That's a good sign."
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
| Updated
Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more  
 
