Follow Rob Rizzuto on Twitter
BOSTON — Mitt Romney ’s record as governor of Massachusetts took center stage in the presidential campaign on Thursday, as Romney and President Barack Obama staged dueling press conferences at the Massachusetts Statehouse.
“The fact of the matter is Mitt Romney grew jobs here in the Commonwealth. President Obama has lost job growth here as president of the United States,” Massachusetts House Minority leader Brad Jones said at the pro-Romney rally.
Less than two hours later, Obama senior adviser David Axelrod shot back, “After selling himself to Massachusetts as the economic savior, (Romney’s) Massachusetts record was alarmingly weak. Under Gov. Romney, the state was 47th in job creation, fourth from the bottom.”
Obama’s campaign has launched a new effort to focus on Romney’s record as Massachusetts governor – an area that Romney has talked little about on the campaign trail, other than pointing to his ability to work in a bipartisan manner in a heavily Democratic state. Armed with competing statistics about Romney’s record on job creation and state budgeting, Republican and Democratic legislators each held their own events, as the Obama campaign put out a web video attacking Romney’s record in Massachusetts.
At the heated Democratic rally , Romney supporters drowned out Axelrod, Massachusetts Lt. Gov. Tim Murray and other Democratic politicians.
With jobs and unemployment a major issue in the campaign, both sides have aimed to paint Romney’s tenure in that light. Democrats point to statistics showing that during Romney’s term as governor – from 2003 to 2007 – Massachusetts ranked 47th in job growth, behind only Louisiana (reeling from Hurricane Katrina), Michigan and Ohio. Job growth in Massachusetts was 1.4 percent under Romney, slower than the 5.3 percent national average.
Republicans respond by pointing out that Romney did have net job growth – of about 45,800 jobs, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. They note that the unemployment rate fell from 5.6 percent to 4.7 percent during Romney’s tenure as governor. (The national unemployment rate fell from 5.8 percent to 4.4 percent during that same time, so Massachusetts went from being slightly below the national rate to slightly above it.)
Republican State Representative Dan Winslow called the statistic about Massachusetts’ 47th rating a “canard.”
“The fact is that Massachusetts had a tech economy that was hit hard and early and long by the tech bubble,” Winslow said, adding that Massachusetts was able to come out of that to maintain a low unemployment rate under Romney.
Another major area of contention is Romney’s record on the state budget . Romney came to office facing a budget gap of around $3 billion. Romney, as required by state law, balanced the budget. The governor also left money in the state’s rainy day fund. The Romney campaign uses that as an example of Romney’s fiscal stewardship.
“Mitt Romney came in with a huge multi-billion dollar deficit that he closed without raising broad-based taxes,” Jones said.
Democrats point out that Romney did close tax loopholes and raise fees. In his first year in office, he raised an additional $400 million from increased fees in areas ranging from gasoline delivery to marriage licenses, according to the non-partisan Annenberg Public Policy Center . He raised another $150 million by closing a corporate tax loophole. According to the Tax Foundation , the average local and state tax burden increased by around $1,200 during Romney’s tenure. Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , on MSNBC’s "Morning Joe" on Thursday, said he was confronted with a budget deficit when he succeeded Romney.
Referring to a campaign promise by Romney not to raise taxes in Massachusetts, former North Adams Mayor John Barrett said at the Democratic rally, “I guess like beauty it’s in the eye of the beholder.” Barrett pointed to the fees Romney raised, and said, “The people hit hardest were the middle class.”
Somerville Mayor Joseph Curtatone said, “What we got in Massachusetts was a series of state budgets that pushed more and more costs on local budgets, a tactic that ravaged cities and towns and forced them to raise property taxes as size and indebtedness of state government continued to grow.”
