Tweet
Former Governor of the state of Massachusetts and U.S. Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney recently captured three big wins in local primary elections — i.e. votes to determine which Republican candidate will end up running against President Barack Obama in the general election on November 6.
After his victories in Wisconsin, Maryland and the District of Columbia, most political analysts now view Romney as the candidate most likely to win his party’s nomination.  Given the state of the U.S. economy, Americans are primarily focused on Romney’s domestic policies. But at the same time they are also mindful of the link between the U.S. economy and national security, which often goes hand in hand with events and developments in the Middle East.  Here’s a rundown on the former Massachusetts governor’s Middle East policy – in particular, democratization, jihadism and the Middle East peace process.
Romney: Obama weak on Iran
The Iranian leadership is the greatest immediate threat to the world since the fall of the Soviet Union, and before that, Nazi Germany. – Romney, op-ed , Human Events, October 22, 2009
On his campaign website, Romney observes that the Arab Spring and ongoing unrest in the region is dramatic but also “ doubled edged ” as Iran could seek to exploit the political vacuums the uprisings have created.
We’re all very happy that a very bad guy in Moammar Gadhafi was killed, but we never really heard from the president what’s going to happen now. And how can we try and improve the odds so what happens in Libya and what happens in Egypt and what happens in other places where the Arab Spring is in full bloom so that the developments are toward democracy, modernity and more representative forms of government?   – Mitt Romney, interview with Washington Times-affiliated “ America’s Morning News ” radio program, October 24, 2011
Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, left, delivers a speech to Experts Assembly in Tehran, Iran, March 8, 2012. (AP Photo/Office of the Supreme Leader)
Romney has said that a nuclear Iran would alter the “ entire geostrategic landscape ” of the region.   “In the hands of the ayatollahs,  he told a South Carolina audience last October, “a nuclear Iran is nothing less than an existential threat to Israel. Iran’s suicidal fanatics could blackmail the world.”
To prevent that possibility, Romney says that military options should “ remain on the table .”  He has criticized President Obama for what he perceives as a “policy of trepidation, ineptitude, and weakness toward Iran.” If Romney is elected to the White House next winter, he says he would deploy an aircraft carrier task force to both the Eastern Mediterranean and the Gulf;  increase military coordination with Arab allies that would include joint military exercises to demonstrate to Tehran America’s strength and resolve.
Romney makes no secret of the fact that he wants a change of regime in Iran.  He says he believes that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad should not only be snubbed by the international diplomatic community, but  indicted for the crime of incitement to genocide under Article III of the Genocide Convention for his October, 2005, speech in which he called for Israel to be “ wiped off the map .”
Weakness begets adventurism, and the president has shown weakness by extending his hand for a summit in his first year of office with Ahmadinejad only to have it slapped down – Mitt Romney in an interview with Israel Hayom , October 28, 2011
Romney would also impose a fifth round of economic sanctions, targeting the Central Bank of Iran and the business activities of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard, which not only controls Iran’s nuclear program, but has grown into a multi-billion dollar “business empire.” According to the New York Times , it runs everything from car manufacturing, the oil and natural gas industry, to medical clinics.
Recognizing that Russia and China may not be convinced to vote in favor of these sanctions on the U.N. Security Council, Romney says the U.S. should be prepared to go it alone.
In his first 100 days as president, if elected, Romney has promised to organize diplomatic and assistance efforts under a single U.S. government agency director , operating on his or her own budget and given the authority to develop strategies for ensuring that Arab Spring countries reach their democratic goals.
Romney: Radical Islam not part of Islam
There is, however, a movement in the world known as jihadism. They call themselves jihadists and I use the same term. And this jihadist movement is intent on causing the collapse of moderate Muslim states and the assassination of moderate Muslim leaders. It is also intent on causing collapse of other nations in the world. It’s by no means a branch of Islam. It is instead an entirely different entity. In no way do I suggest it is a part of Islam.  Mitt Romney, interview , U.S. News, June 2, 2009
Romney received a lot of criticism from conservative elements in his party for comments he made in a June 1, 2011, speech, in which he separated “jihadism” and mainstream Islam.  “If you want my views on Islam,” he told U.S. News, it’s quite straightforward. Islam is one of the world’s great religions and the great majority of people in Islam want peace for themselves and peace with their maker. They want to raise families and have a bright future.”
But many American Muslims have expressed concern about  Romney’s choice of Walid Phares as an adviser (see Advisers, below), after the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR ) in January republished an article from Lebanon’s Daily Star , which said Phares had played a leading role in right-wing Christian militias during Lebanon’s  Civil War and had been an adviser to Lebanese Forces leader Samir Geagea, the only Lebanese militia leader to have been imprisoned for crimes committed during the 15-year war.  The Star quoted Warren David, president of the Arab-American Anti-Discrimination Committee , as saying that Phares “leans toward being an Islamophobe.”
To win the war on jihad, we have to not only have a strong military of our own – and we need a stronger military – we also need to have strong friends around the world and help moderate Muslims reject the extreme. Because ultimately the only people who can finally defeat these radical Islamic jihadists are the Muslims themselves. – Romney,  2007 GOP Iowa Straw Poll debate , Aug 5, 2007
Romney: Need for stronger defense of Israel
If we disagree with them [Israelis] like this president has time and time again, we don’t do it in public like he’s done it, we do it in private. And we let the Israeli leadership describe what they believe the right course is going forward. – “ Your Voice Your Vote” debate in Iowa , December 10, 2011
Romney gave his first major speech on foreign policy at the Citadel, a military academy in Charleston, South Carolina, on October 7, 2011.  There, he emphasized his promise to  increase defense assistance to Israel and to recognize Israel as a Jewish state.
The former Massachusetts governor has been harshly critical of President Obama’s policy toward Israel, accusing the current American leader of diminishing U.S. authority and “ painting ” both the U.S. and Israel into a corner.  He has criticized President Obama for never having visited Israel and pledged that his first foreign trip, if elected president, would be to the Jewish state.
I think because Obama thought that if he drew closer to the Palestinians that would somehow encourage the peace process… he threw Israel under the bus by laying out his view of the policies he thought Israel should adopt in the peace process…I believe our relationship with Israel, a nation which shares our values and is our best friend in the Middle East, should be of support and confidence rather than criticism and blame. – Romney, interview with Israel Hayom , October 28, 2011
Romney has also expressed support for the separation fence between Israel and the West Bank.  Critics have called the barrier an obstacle to peace between Israelis and Palestinians.  Not so, says Romney.
“Having just been to Israel,” he told students at Yeshiva University in 2007, “I came to the opposite conclusion: the security fence is keeping peace in Israel – it is helping prevent bloodshed and terror and violence.”
As it turns out, Mitt Romney and the Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu are old friends.  According to the New York Times , the two worked together at the same consulting group back in 1976, before either entered politics, reportedly forging a friendship that continues to this day.
“We can almost speak in shorthand,” Romney told the Times. “We share common experiences and have a perspective and underpinning which is similar.”
The newspaper quotes former U.S. Ambassador to Israel Martin Indyk as saying, “To the extent that their personal relationship would give Netanyahu entree to the Romney White House in a way that he doesn’t now have to the Obama White House, the prime minister would certainly consider that to be a significant advantage.”
It is the Palestinians who don’t want a two–state solution.  They want to eliminate the state of Israel.”  Romney – Republican Presidential Debate in Florida , January 26, 2012.
A elderly Palestinian and an orthodox Jew walk in the plaza of the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest site located in east Jerusalem's Old City (AP Photo).
Romney has accused President Obama of hindering the Middle East peace process by speaking before the United Nations and criticizing Israel for building settlements, as well as calling on Israel to accept the 1967 borders.  “These actions,” he told the Republican Jewish Coalition in December, “have emboldened Palestinian hard-liners who now are poised to form a unity government with terrorist Hamas and feel they can bypass Israel at the bargaining table.”
If elected,  Romney has pledged he would reaffirm Israel’s existence as vital to U.S. national interests.  He has also pledged to help the Jewish state maintain its “ strategic military edge .”
Romney says he does not believe the United States should play the role of “leader” in the peace process, but should instead stand by its ally in the Middle East – and he says he believes that the decision whether to transfer the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem should be Israel’s, not America’s.
If Israel’s leaders thought that a move of that nature would be helpful to their efforts, then that’s something I’ll be inclined to do. But again, that’s a decision which I would look to the Israeli leadership to help guide. I don’t think America should play the role of the leader of the peace process, instead we should stand by our ally. Again, my inclination is to follow the guidance of our ally Israel, as to where our facilities and embassies would exist. – Romney, Israel Hayom
Romney: Work with Saudi Arabia and Turkey on Syria
The United States must recognize Syrian strongman Bashar al-Assad for what he is:  an unscrupulous dictator, a killer and a proxy for Iran.  – Mitt Romney, in An American Century:  A Strategy to Secure America’s Enduring Interests and Ideals
In addition to continuing to pressure and isolate the Assad regime, Romney wants to push the U.N. Security Council to impose sanctions that would sever all funding that enables the Assad to hold onto power.  He also wants to work with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to apply pressure on the Syrian military to stop the violence, ultimately “driving a wedge” between it and the regime.  Romney also wants to send a clear message that the U.S. and allies will support the opposition in a “post-Assad” scenario.
Who are Romney’s Middle East advisers
Mary Beth Long
Last October, Romney announced his foreign policy and national security advisory teams; the following three comprise his Middle East team:
Mary Beth Long , a former Assistant Secretary of Defense under Defense Secretaries Donald Rumsfeld and Robert Gates, advised both on defense and security issues in the Middle East, Europe and Africa, including Iraq and Afghanistan.  She also worked for a decade at the CIA, targeting narcotics, weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
You hear a lot about the Taliban and al Qaida, but Hezbollah, I believe, is one of the overlooked but most dangerous terrorist groups we need to look at right now. – Mary Beth Long, in a speech at Penn State University, March 25, 2010
Meghan O’Sullivan
Meghan O’Sullivan , an adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) and Professor of International Affairs at the John F. Kennedy School at Harvard University, spent three years as a special assistant to President George W. Bush and served as deputy national security adviser for Iraq and Afghanistan during the last two years of George W. Bush’s presidency.  She also spent two years in Iraq, helping conclude the security agreement and strategic framework agreement between the United States and Iraq.
Those seeking regime change in Syria should move away from the distracting idea that harsher measures are the key to resolving that country’s crisis. Sanctions alone almost never produce such strategic outcomes. More likely, President Bashar al-Assad will be toppled through a strategy focused equally on starving the regime of hard currency and cultivating the opposition so it becomes a viable alternative to Assad’s government. Meghan O’Sullivan,  ” Sanctions Alone Won’t Topple Syria’s Assad ,” February 22, 2012
Walid Phares
Walid Phares , an American scholar and author of Lebanese Christian origins, consults and has advised the U.N. Security Council, U.S. Congress and various national security and defense agencies on security, global jihadism and counter-terrorism. He also teaches Global Strategies at the National Defense University in Washington, D.C. (Editor’s Note: Walid Phares was contacted to be interviewed for this article. We received no response by press time.)
On all battlefields where the jihadists operate, the Romney strategy will be based on day to day achievements on the ground, and a solid understanding of the enemy’s next targets. We will anticipate and intercept their mutations before they begin, not after.  – Walid Phares, Mitt Romney’s Cutting-Edge Middle East Strategy , January 31, 2012
You may e-mail  [email protected]
 with a short proposal for a Counterpoint.  Should our editors accept your proposal, they will be in touch with you on how you can submit your full essay. Once published, a link to your alternative perspective will also be added to the original post.
Cecily Hilleary
Cecily began her reporting career in the 1990s, covering US Middle East policy for Dubai-TV English. She has lived and/or worked in the Middle East, North Africa and Gulf regions, consulting and producing for several regional radio and television networks and production houses, including MBC, Al-Arabiya, the former Emirates Media Incorporated and Al-Ikhbaria. She brings to VOA a keen understanding of the region's top social, cultural and political issues.
