Post a comment
With the most current former Governor of Massachusetts preparing to make a bid for the Presidency, you may be wondering about what happened to another former Massachusetts governor, William Weld.
Talk of a Mitt Romney Presidential run in 2008 has Massachusetts residents walking around wondering, "why?" Romney is not the first former Massachusetts governor to run for President of the United States, but he is the most ill-equipped.
Mitt Romney and 2008
Massachusetts is in a sad state. Education has fallen to the wayside. Housing prices have skyrocketed. Unemployment is higher than the national average (Massachusetts Division of Unemployment Assistance). TheMassachusetts Turnpike Authority ( MTA) continues to make every travelers irate. The Massachusetts government thinks the state stops at 495, and ignores the central and western portions of the state.
The Big Dig was more like the "Big Dig in Your Pockets," although Romney's people would have voters believe he is adept at cutting government waste. Romney's camp could argue that the Big Dig started before him, but even Romney admitted, "have no ability to affect the management of the Big Dig" in reference to the independent agency that is the MTA (Washington Post). How effective can Romney be politically, nationally and internationally if he could not even handle a the turnpike authority?
What Mitt Romney allowed to happen in Massachusetts should not be allowed to happen to the rest of the nation.
Michael Dukakis in '88
Voters may have forgotten all about Michael Dukakis and his unsuccessful bid in 1988.
With Romney's campaign, and memories of Dukakis' bid, some are wondering, what ever did happen to the one Massachusetts governor that actually would have made a good president? His name? William Weld? The answer, to some, may be a huge disappointment.
What Ever Happened to Former Massachusetts Governor William Weld
William Weld is known as the "former Republican Governor of Massachusetts." Weld was governor from 1991-1997. Weld was the state's first Republican governor since Francis W. Sargent in 1975 (Wikipedia.org).
Weld was popular for being a Republican in a traditionally Democratic state. His popularity won him the re-election in 1994, with 71% of the vote (Wikipedia.org).
The best way to sum up William Weld, if that can be done, is to use one his own quotes: "I happen to think that individual freedom should extend to a woman's right to choose. I want the government out of your pocket book and your bedroom." Weld was the perfect mix of being socially forward and fiscally conservative. His governing style was a refreshing mix, and it it hard not be nostalgic for his leadership after the likes of Romney and company.
Weld was known for being moderate, which pleased many, but sent some, like Jesse Helms, into a fighting stance. It was Helms who blocked Weld's ambassadorship to Mexico, after he was appointed by then President Clinton.
Weld returned to law, where he got his start.
It is unfortunate that Weld invested his energies in a gubernatorial run in New York, and not on a higher office. Weld would have made a moderate, intelligent, reasonable President.
So you may still be wondering, what ever did happen to William Weld?
The latest news has him publicly endorsing Mitt Romney for the Presidency. He's on the wrong side of this campaign. Instead of endorsing Romney, he should be running against him.
William Weld should be in the forefront, not behind a lesser candidate.
Published by Pam Gaulin - Featured Contributor in Arts & Entertainment and Lifestyle
