Early Life
Born Willard Mitt Romney on March 12, 1947, in Detroit, Michigan and raised in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, Romney attended the prestigious Cranbrook School before receiving his undergraduate degree from Brigham Young University in 1971. He attended Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School and received both a law degree and an M.B.A. in 1975.
Mitt Romney married Ann Davies in 1969; they have five sons, Tagg, Matt, Josh, Ben and Craig. He is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, also known as the Mormon Church.
Entry into Politics
The son of George Romney, Michigan governor and Republican presidential nominee (he was defeated by Richard Nixon in 1968), Mitt Romney began his career in business. He worked for the management consulting firm Bain & Company before founding the investment firm Bain Capital in 1984. In 1994, he ran for the U.S. Senate in Massachusetts but was defeated by longtime incumbent Edward Kennedy.
In 1999, Romney stepped into the national spotlight when he took over as president of the Salt Lake Organizing Committee. He helped rescue the 2002 Winter Olympics from financial and ethical woes, and helmed a successful Salt Lake City Olympic Games in 2002.
In 2004 Romney authored the book Turnaround: Crisis, Leadership, and the Olympic Games.
Massachusetts Governor
Romney parlayed his success with the Olympics into politics when he was elected governor of Massachusetts in 2003. During Romney's term as governor, he oversaw the reduction of a $3 billion deficit. Romney also signed into law a health care reform program to provide nearly universal health care for Massachusetts residents.
2008 Presidential Run
After serving one term, he declined to run for reelection and announced his bid for U.S. President. Romney made it through Super Tuesday, winning primaries in Massachusetts, Alaska, Minnesota, Colorado and Utah, before losing the Republican nomination to John McCain . In total Romney spent $110 million on his campaign, including $45 million of his own money.
Romney continued to keep his options open for a possible future presidential run. He maintained much of his political staff and PACs, and raised funds for fellow Republican candidates. In March 2010, Romney published a book titled No Apology: The Case for American Greatness in March 2010. The book debuted on the New York Times Best Sellers list.
2012 Campaign
At a farm in New Hampshire on June 2, 2011, Mitt Romney announced the official start of his 2012 campaign. A vocal critic of President Barack Obama , Romney has taken many standard Republican positions on taxes, the economy and the war on terror. Romney's critics charge him with changing his position on several key issues including abortion, which he opposes, and health care reform—he opposed President Obama's health care reform program, which was similar to the Massachusetts plan Romney supported as governor.
From the start of his campaign, Romney emerged as the front-runner for the Republican nomination. He showed more mainstream Republican appeal than Tea Party-backed competitors such as Texas governor Rick Perry . In January 2012, Romney scored a decisive victory in the New Hampshire Republican primary. He captured more than 39 percent of the votes, way ahead of his closest competitors, Ron Paul and Jon Huntsman . As the race has continued, Rick Santorum became his greatest competition, winning several states. But Romney had been able to secure a substantial lead in the number of delegates need to clinch the nomination.
In April 2012, Romney benefitted from a narrowing of the field when Santorum announced he was suspending his campaign. He publicly paid tribute to his former rival, saying that Santorum "has proved himself to be an important voice in our party and in the nation." After Santorum's departure, Romney only has two opponents left—Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich . But neither seems to have enough support to gain the necessary delegates to take the nomination from Romney.
© 2012 A+E Networks. All rights reserved.
ADVERTISEMENT
