Mitt Romney for President 2012 - CAPE PAC
A candidate support project funded by CAPE PAC
BREAKING: Supreme Court upholds ObamaCare. Repeal is the only option, you have the power! 11.06.2012
MITT ROMNEY ON THE ISSUES
On spending…
Governor Romney wants to cut government waste and spending. Plain and simple. America's future depends on reversing the dangerous course that Obama has driven for the past several years. This means major cuts in spending, by a reform of Medicaid, wage alignments, federal workforce reductions and undertaking a major restructuring of government progr ... Click Here to Read Full Article
On trade…
Candidate Romney supports free trade and opening our markets beyond the American border. This means, Mitt wants to complete negotiations for the Trans-Pacific Partnership, create the Reagan Economic Zone, reinstate the Trade Promotion Authority and pursue new trade agreements with those nations committed to open markets & free enterprise. Romney al ... Click Here to Read Full Article
On jobs…
Mitt Romney has an exceptional understanding of labor relations from his experience in government and business. He recognizes the value of unions, but is focused on protecting the workers they serve. This means appointing experienced NLRB individuals, amending the NLRA and reversing Obama’s organized labor orders.  Mitt also supports states that pu ... Click Here to Read Full Article
On taxes…
Mr. Romney supports a fundamental redesign of the existing U.S. tax system. Gov. Romney wants to simplify the U.S. tax system by lowering rates in order to expand the tax base, therefore helping the economy.  Stabilizing the tax structure is key, which allows entrepreneurs and investors to effectively plan for the future.  This means maintaining cu ... Click Here to Read Full Article
Would you like more information about Mitt Romney's stance on the critical issues? Click here to read more.
GET CONNECTED
Help CAPE PAC elect Mitt Romney as the next President of the United States. When you signup today we will send you critical updates and help you stay current on the race for the white house in 2012.
First Name:*
