Posted on January 30, 2012 by dancingczars | 9 Comments
Commentary by Jim Campbell
Well we all know the old saying, ” If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck,” the best that can be said for Mitt Romney is that he is a………………
The unmasking of Mitt Romney RINO Man.
Mitt Romney as the record will clearly show below cannot be trusted. What he says he has accomplished during the debates and what he has in fact accomplished are more often than not diametrically opposed. 
We have just endured perhaps the most dishonest person in U.S. History to occupy the White House.  Do we really need his runner-up in 2013? 
Wake up people this guy is a complete fraud. I haven’t proved it yet, Romney could be a Kenyan name. 
That’s my story and I’m sticking to it, I’m Jim Campbell and I approve this message.
The information in this report is gleaned from public records, press accounts, internet web sites and research. We have analyzed his legislation, met with his staff, lobbied for and against his agenda (depending what it is) and otherwise compiled considerable research on his administration.
We believe this report is necessary due to a calculated effort by the Romney campaign to revise his history and portray the Governor as far more conservative than the record indicates. Already, the Governor’s staff is making appointments with the nation’s leading conservative leaders to convince them that he should be the standard-bearer for the conservative movement in the upcoming presidential elections.
 Mitt Romney as Governor
Romney’s dismal record as the Republican leader in Massachusetts
Romney pledged to build the Massachusetts Republican Party, but in fact he did almost nothing. During his tenure there were two elections for the entire Legislature (2004 and 2006). In each election the Republicans lost seats. Republicans now hold the fewest seats in the Legislature since the Civil War.
During the four years of Romney’s tenure, the number of registered Republicans in Massachusetts fell by 31,000. During that same period, the Massachusetts Democratic Party gained 30,000.
- Boston Globe 11/2/2006
In the 2006 elections, most offices were not even challenged by Republican candidates. In the November general election for the six statewide Massachusetts constitutional offices there were more Green-Rainbow Party candidates on the ballot than Republicans!
The party’s slide has been so precipitous that Republicans yesterday did not contest 130 of 200 legislative seats, fielded a challenger in only three of 10 congressional districts, and put up fewer candidates for statewide office (three) than the Green-Rainbow Party (four).
- Boston Globe, 11/8/2006
In 2006, while Romney was chairman of the National Republican Governors Association – a group dedicated to electing more Republican governors – his own hand-picked Republican successor as governor lost badly to the Democrat, despite the fact that Republicans have held the governorship in Massachusetts since 1990. Romney largely ignored the Massachusetts elections and spent most of the time during the campaign out of state building his presidential campaign. He came back and publicly campaigned for the Republican candidate the day before the general election!
“Locally, this is a rebuke to Mitt Romney and checking out within six months after being elected and having accomplished almost nothing,” said [Jim] Rappaport [former chairman of the state Republican Party].
- Boston Globe, 11/8/2006
“Romney arrived on the scene with great promise, but is leaving the Republican Party here in shambles. Not only are the Republicans yielding the governor’s office for the first time in 16 years, but registered Republicans have fallen by 31,000 since Romney took office, and their legislative presence is at historic lows. But it worked out fine for him: He is now chasing the prize he really covets, the presidency.”
- Boston Globe 11/8/2006
“The Massachusetts Republican Party died last Tuesday. The cause of death: failed leadership. The party is survived by a few leftover legislators and a handful of county officials and grassroots activists who have been ignored for years. Services will be public and a mass exodus of taxpayers will follow. In lieu of flowers, send messages to New Hampshire Republican voters warning them about a certain presidential candidate named Romney.”
- Boston Herald, 11/12/2006
Romney favors “Assault” Weapons Ban
“He [Romney] is a supporter of the federal assault weapons ban.”
- Romney 2002 campaign website
Romney Favors Waiting Periods
Regarding the Brady Bill which required waiting periods to buy a handgun, Romney stated, “I don’t think [the waiting period] will have a massive effect on crime but I think it will have a positive effect.”
- Boston Herald, 8/1/1994
Economic Issues
Romney supports minimum wage laws
In as a candidate for Governor 2002, Romney proposed indexing the Massachusetts minimum wage with inflation, telling the Boston Globe “I do not believe that indexing the minimum wage will cost us jobs. I believe it will help us retain jobs.” – - Boston Globe, 7/25/2002
“The minimum wage is important to our economy and Mitt Romney supports minimum wage increase, at least in line with inflation.”
- Romney 2002 campaign website
Romney Balances Budget with $500 Million in New Fees
“His first budget, presented under a cloud of a $2 billion deficit, balanced the budget with some spending cuts, but a $500 million increase in various fees was the largest component of the budget fix.” Cato Institute annual Fiscal Policy Report Card – America’s Governors, 2004. Romney was rated a “C” overall by Cato.
See presentation on Cato website
Romney imposes “socialized” health care on Massachusetts
In 2006, Romney introduced a universal health care bill (which passed the Legislature in a slightly amended version) which has been criticized by conservatives as being socialistic.
Republican Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney is trying to accomplish in his final year in office what Democrats can only dream of these days: boosting government spending on and regulation of health care and requiring individuals to purchase government-designed policies. Romney’s plan, which is backed by such liberals as Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, Mass.), is being pitched as a compact between citizens and the state.
- National Review Online, 1/26/2006The main supporter and cheerleader of Romney’s health plan has been, interestingly, the Heritage Foundation. However, there would appear to be just a bit of a conflict of interest in that. According to news reports, Romney’s charitable foundation recently donated $25,000 to the Heritage Foundation. And Heritage Foundation helped Romney research and write his health plan.
- Boston Globe, 8/17//2006
Abortion Issues
Romney supports abortion in general, and believes in sustaining Roe v. Wade.
“Romney ran against Senator Edward M. Kennedy in 1994. During a debate, Romney declared: ‘I believe that abortion should be safe and legal in this country. I have since the time that my mom took that position when she ran in 1970 as a US Senate candidate. I believe that since Roe v. Wade has been the law for 20 years we should sustain and support it.’ “
(NOTE: Romney has supported abortion since before the 1972 Roe v. Wade ruling!)
- Boston Globe, 3/2/2006
Video of Romney vs. Kennedy in 1994 debate
“When [during their debate] Kennedy called him ‘multiple choice,’ Romney demanded an extra rebuttal. He revealed that a close relative died of an illegal abortion years ago and said, ‘Since that time, my mother and my family have been committed to the belief that we can believe as we want, but we will not force our beliefs on others on that matter, and you will not see my wavering on that.‘ “
- Boston Globe, 3/2/2006
Romney campaigned for Governor of Massachusetts as a pro-choice candidate, and was endorsed by a pro-abortion political group
“Romney, a Republican and the former Winter Olympics chief, was endorsed by the New York-based Republican Pro-Choice Coalition. He mentioned his mother, Lenore Romney, who favored abortion rights when she ran for the U.S. Senate in 1970, even before the 1973 Roe v. Wade case affirmed women’s constitutional right to abortions. . . . Lynn Grefe, director of the Republican Pro-Choice Coalition, applauded Romney’s ‘commitment to family planning and protecting a woman’s right to choose’ in a letter on Wednesday.”
- Associated Press / New Bedford Standard-Times 10/3/2002
“Gubernatorial candidates Shannon O’Brien and Mitt Romney sparred yesterday over who was the strongest abortion rights supporter by touting endorsements from abortion rights groups and challenging each other’s records on the issue . . . O’Brien and Romney both say that if elected they’ll uphold state and federal laws protecting abortion rights. ‘There isn’t a dime of difference between Mitt Romney’s position on choice and Shannon O’Brien,’ said Kerry Healey, Romney’s running mate.”
- Associated Press / New Bedford Standard-Times 10/3/2002
Romney Approves of Abortion Pill and Supports the Legalization of RU-486
Homosexual “Rights”
Gov. Romney has a long history of promoting and furthering the homosexual agenda, and working closely with leading gay activists
In February 2005, The American Spectator observed of Romney, “He is pro-choice and, aside from the marriage debate, generally in agreement with gay-rights advocates.”
- American Spectator, 2/23/2005
In March, 2005, Boston’s leading homosexual newspaper, Bay Windows, told its readers that Romney’s pro-gay record belies his new-found “conservatism”:
“Governor Romney has been touring the country in the past few weeks, courting anti-gay right-wingers in South Carolina, Missouri, and Utah with speeches designed to show that he is firmly in their camp. Yet a look at Romney’s record shows that his Rick Santorum drag act is a relatively new phenomenon.“
- Bay Windows, 3/3/2005
Homosexual “Rights”
Gov. Romney has a long history of promoting and furthering the homosexual agenda, and working closely with leading gay activists
In February 2005, The American Spectator observed of Romney, “He is pro-choice and, aside from the marriage debate, generally in agreement with gay-rights advocates.”
- American Spectator, 2/23/2005
In March, 2005, Boston’s leading homosexual newspaper, Bay Windows, told its readers that Romney’s pro-gay record belies his new-found “conservatism”:
“Governor Romney has been touring the country in the past few weeks, courting anti-gay right-wingers in South Carolina, Missouri, and Utah with speeches designed to show that he is firmly in their camp. Yet a look at Romney’s record shows that his Rick Santorum drag act is a relatively new phenomenon.“
- Bay Windows, 3/3/2005
Romney Opposes the Boy Scouts’ Ban on Homosexual Scoutmasters
Despite the over 2,500 pedophilia cases now on record involving homosexual scout leaders, Romney stated, “I feel that all people should be allowed to participate in the Boy Scouts regardless of their sexual orientation.” In the same article, a BSA official criticized Romney for opposing Scout policy.
- Boston Globe, 10/27/1994
Homosexual “Marriage”
Romney refused to endorse the original 2002 Mass. constitutional amendment absolutely defining marriage as one man and one women
In 2002, before the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court declared same-sex marriage protected by the Constitution, Romney denounced as “too extreme” the effort by pro-family groups to enact a preemptive state Marriage Protection Amendment prohibiting homosexual marriage, civil unions and same-sex public employee benefits.
- Boston Phoenix, May 14-20, 2004
Romney unnecessarily (and unconstitutionally) implemented homosexual marriages in Massachusetts
After the Massachusetts Supreme Court ruling that same-sex “marriages” were protected by the Massachusetts Constitution, Romney (1) issued altered marriage licenses and (2) ordered town clerks to issue the licenses and Justices of the Peace to perform same-sex marriages when requested, or be fired. However, he did not have to do this, and there is strong evidence that this was illegal. The Court ruling simply advised the Legislature to pass legislation codifying its opinion on changing the marriage statutes. Romney was NOT bound to enforce same-sex marriages prior to legislative action. Yet Romney jumped the gun and needlessly advanced the homosexual agenda by granting the marriage rights without a fight. Furthermore, Romney still has the authority to reverse his actions via Executive Order before his term is out.
Legal review of Romney’s implementation of same-sex marriage
Conclusion
For over ten years MassResistance has observed Mitt Romney and his actions. On issue after issue, Romney would search for a way to look like he was governing as a conservative, but in every case, the liberals would ultimately be the victors. He would double the money for programs that promoted homosexuality in the schools but then turn around and veto what he himself had allocated, knowing full well his veto would be overturned.
On the marriage issue, he made it look like he was “forced” into recognizing homosexual marriages, but he refused to pursue other options that would have rallied anti-gay marriage forces and perhaps turned this issue around.
He would issue statements critical of obscene pro-homosexual books and about the treatment of David Parker, yet it was the actions of his own agencies that created these controversies to begin with. Nor would he lift a finger to make internal changes to prevent his agencies from promoting the liberal agenda or reprimand any employees possibly engaged, for example, in illegal activities.
To any observer, his seemingly contradictory tactics and strategies looked as though he was preparing a “conservative track record” for his run for higher office. He has issued enough conservative sounding statements and engaged in enough “battles” with liberals (as fake as many of them were), that to an uninformed observer, it may look like he was an embattled conservative triumphing over the forces in liberalism in one of the most liberal states in America.
Both that’s the myth his campaign staff wants to perpetrate. Any close observer will tell you that the pro-abortion and pro-homosexual forces never lost any battles under his tenure and that in fact, they grew in power and influence. Romney did nothing to restrain the groups who have launched a jihad on America’s Judeo-Christian culture.
On so many occasions, the liberal agenda could have been slowed down or even defeated with the smallest internal regulatory decision or executive order and yet he never used the power he had to do that. He gave up the battlefield to our enemies over and over again.
This is why every conservative in America needs to question his overly hyped conversion to conservatism. How can we trust a man who has done so much damage to causes dear to our hearts who has suddenly become a conservative only after deciding to run for President?
Fourteen years ago the country was duped by a charming, smooth talking “moderate” Democrat named Bill Clinton who used the power of the Presidency to inflict great damage to America’s military, to our intelligence agencies, and to our culture. The gap between how Clinton appeared to most Americans and how he really governed was huge. We cannot afford another President like that.
Sources
Boston Herald, 5/19/1994, “Romney leans toward abort rights camp” – archive [re: morning-after pill]
Boston Herald, 8/1/1994, “Gays split in Governor race; Both Weld and Roosevelt are laying claims for support” – archive
Boston Globe, 10/27/1994, “Kennedy, Romney continue trading charges over facts,” by Peter G. Gosselin,” archive or here [re: Boy Scouts]
Lawyers’ Weekly, 2/14/2000 [re: Stephen Abany]
Boston Globe, 3/19/2002, “Supporters want to see real Romney” – archive or here
Boston Globe, 3/22/2002, “Romney kin signed petition to ban same-sex marriage” – archive or here
Romney 2002 Campaign web site
Associated Press, 10/3/2002, “O’Brien, Romney tout abortion rights credentials” [referenced by Joan Vennochi, " Romney's changing' places' ," Boston Globe, 5/31/2005]
