By Professor John A. Tures, LaGrange College | Yahoo! Contributor Network –  Fri, Jun 22, 2012
COMMENTARY | Of course, Romney technically wasn't on the ballot in 2006. But his hand-picked Lt. Governor, Kerry Healey, was. And the Republicans got thrashed in their attempts to convince Massachusetts to continue four more years of Romney economics for the state. If Romney says he was such a good governor for the state, why did this happen? Democrats just released another attack on Romney's gubernatorial record this week.
Republicans should explain why this happened. All indications are that there is going to be a target on Romney's back over how he performed as Massachusetts governor , and whether his term was a success .
Excuse 1: Wasn't there a third-party candidate? There was an independent businessman in the race. Christy Mihos won 7 percent of the vote. But Healey won 35 percent of the vote in 2006, while Democrat Deval Patrick won 56 percent of the vote. If every Mihos voter switched to Patrick, it still would have been a Democrat landslide.
Excuse 2: Wasn't there an experienced Democrat? Deval Patrick had never held elected office before. He had served as a U.S. attorney, and sat on some corporate boards, but it was a pretty thin resume for someone seeking a governor's office. Patrick also showed himself to be mortal, making several missteps before and after being elected. Luckily for him, Healey overplayed the race card, something the Romney team should do their best to avoid.
Excuse 3: Wasn't Massachusetts a blue state? It had been blue for national offices, as all members of Congress and the U.S. Senate were Democrats at the time. But the governor's mansion had been dominated by Republicans since 1990. William Weld , Paul Cellucci and Mitt Romney of the GOP had won office since then. The end of the Romney administration ended that Republican dominance.
Excuse 4: Wasn't America in a recession then? The "Great Recession" began in the fourth quarter of 2007. So you can't blame national trends for this one. Democrats will tell you that Massachusetts wasn't doing so hot in 2006, though Republicans will say otherwise.
Excuse 5: Wasn't there an anti-Bush trend in 2006? There definitely is a lot of evidence for this, as Democrats took the House of Representatives and U.S. Senate that year. So it remains surprising that Romney would tap several members of the Bush Administration as advisers .
Romney most likely stayed off the ballot in order to free up his time to run for president in 2008, passing up a chance to get more than four years of political experience. But given how the 2006 election turned out, Romney probably would have lost to Deval Patrick anyway, so it was a smart time to get out of Massachusetts, it seems. But Healey's loss makes it tougher to show voters how successful Romney's tenure as governor was. Romney must explain this if he wants to make the case why he'd be a better president.
@yahoonews on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
More popular Yahoo! News videos
1 - 4 of 4
