at 1:10PM
Joe Raedle/Getty
The governor signed his health-care bill into law in 2006, but his walking both sides of the street began earlier in his term.
I come to you today, as I do most days, from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (God save it!), where, in the years between 2002 and 2006, I lived under the barely distinguishable leadership of Willard Romney. I mention this because there seems to be some confusion about exactly what went on here in the Commonwealth (God save it!) while Willard was at the wheel. For example, as Rick Santorum pointed out to him last night, when Willard boasts about how he "balanced the state budget," he is saying the exact equivalent of, "I robbed no banks during my time as governor," or "I hosted no drug-fueled orgies with underage postulant nuns during my time as governor." May I quote from Chapter 29, Section 6E of the General Laws of the Commonwealth (God save it!):
Section 6E. The governor shall recommend, the general court shall enact, and the governor shall approve a general appropriation bill which shall constitute a balanced budget for the commonwealth. No supplementary appropriation bill shall be approved by the governor which would cause the state budget for any fiscal year not to be balanced.
In other words, every Massachusetts governor — even, as Santorum sneered last night, Michael Dukakis, and even John Fking Hancock — has been required to recommend a balanced budget, and every Massachusetts legislature — and we have had some doozies, people — has been require to pass it. This mandate, of course, requires that every governor engage in all manner of fiscal legerdemain and economic jiggery-pokery to make the budget appear to be balanced, knowing full well that his political opponents will point all of this out at length in the next election to prove what a disingenuous schmuck he is. In fact, Chapter 29, Section 6E is the best argument I know of against a Balanced Budget Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, aka The World's Worst Idea.
Anyway, if you listen to Willard, he inherited a debt-ridden hellhole and left us all with a golden little slice of Utah to call our own. He stood tall against the forces of feminism, gay people who wanted to get married, and cloning. He's proud of Massachusetts's public schools, but he'd rater if you didn't mention that whole health-care business, even though it's immensely popular back here, what with its mandates and all. (Thanks, Willard!) If you listen to him, it's lucky the poor man came out of it all alive.
The truth, need I say, is somewhat at variance with the story that Willard's telling.
(We pause here to point out that much of the following material comes from the exhaustive series on Romney published by The Boston Globe in anticipation of Romney's 2008 campaign.)
The fact is that, for a brief spell in 2002, there was some confusion over whether Romney would run in Utah or in Massachusetts, but that he made the very calculated decision that Massachusetts would be a better launching pad for his eventual presidential ambitions. Once in office, having neatly defenstrated the incumbent Republican, Jane Swift, he did face something of a fiscal crisis, which is the starting point for his current boast about having turned around the hellhole. However, and here comes that pesky Chapter 29 again, under Romney, fees for almost everything in the state went through the roof. Fees at the state's colleges and universities went up 63 percent. (I suspect that, given what's going on with gas prices these days, Willard's unlikely to boast about how vital to his economic recovery plan was his two-cents-a-gallon hike in the gasoline tax.) In addition, his budget threw a huge spending burden back on the state's cities and towns, many of which buckled under the strain.
But the centerpiece of the days in which Willard was still interested in being — we'll get to that in a minute — was his attempt to use his mighty presence to reconfigure the Massachusetts political culture. In 2004, he committed himself (and most of his credibility) to getting more Republicans elected to the state legislature. He really went balls-deep on this one, putting together a slate containing 131 candidates, more than the Republicans had put up to contest the legislature's 200 seats in over 10 years. He campaigned hard for his "reform" ticket. 
Whereupon it sank without a trace.
The Democrats actually picked two seats in the House and one more in the State Senate.
Which is about when Willard decided he'd stop being governor and start trying to be president. The Globe series quotes him memorably telling the newspaper's editorial board, not long after his reform effort went under the waves, "From now on it's me-me-me."
Well put.
By the summer of 2003, he'd put together his own PAC, and was wandering the country, raising money for Republican candidates and getting his mug in the papers. He also became president of the Republican Governors Association, which further raised his national profile. What he didn't have was a signature accomplishment as governor with which he could ride to glory. With the help of erstwhile rival Ted Kennedy, he fastened on health-care reform, then a hot national issue for both parties; even the Republicans believed at this point that they needed some kind of solution to the profiteering raggedy-ass system we had. This is what Romney proposed but, even then, he did so with one eye on a national Republican electorate that even then regarding anything resembling a tax increase as cause for immediate immolation.
The final Romneycare bill had an employer assessment fee in it. Republicans screamed that it was a new tax. Romney vetoed that part of the bill, sending his Democratic allies into the ionosphere with rage. They put the fee back in by overriding his veto, but the ill-feeling still remained. Willard had gotten what was going to be the centerpiece of his inevitable presidential campaign, and he'd gotten to look like an anti-tax hero at the same time. This chronic determination to walk on both sides of the street is nothing new, I assure you.
It was about at this point at Romney had his famous revelation on social issues — in which, I believe, an angel came unto him and said, "How do you think these things will play in Iowa, dude?" — and he proceeded in his limitless ambition to betray almost everyone else who was left to support him. He double-crossed the state legislature on stem-cell research. He began stumping for abstinence-only sex education. He completely reversed himself on a woman's right to choose; in 2002, he'd said his support of it was "unequivocal". He began crusading against gay marriage.
(Meanwhile, with Romney's eyes clearly on a bigger prize, the state Republican party continued to wither. At one point, there were only 19 Republicans in the Massachusetts House.)
On the stump today, this is the material from which he constructs the fictitious character of Willard Romney, Embattled — Yet Severe — Conservative. He brags about all the bold vetoes he cast. What he doesn't mention in the fact that, according to figures compiled by the Globe for its series, the Massachusetts House overrode his vetoes 99.6 percent of the time. It was worse in the Senate. There, Romney was overriden every single time — often, as the Globe points out, unanimously. The numbers of overriding his line-item vetoes are even more preposterous; of his 283 budget vetoes in 2006, the Globe found, Romney couldn't even get a single Republican to vote for him on 81 roll calls in the state senate, and on 60 roll calls in the Massachusetts House. As governor, his approval ratings never went above 50 percent after March of 2005, and he left office with a miserable 34 percent approval rating to take with him out into the wider world. The Commonwealth had grown very sick and tired of being used as a test-track for Willard Romney's ambitions.
Anyway, all's I'm saying is that, here in the Commonwealth (God save it!), we've seen this act before. In fact, as was the case with Broadway shows back in the day, we were the audience for Willard's out-of-town tryout. When he tells you what he did up here, don't believe a word of it. He got everything he wanted out of being our governor. The rest of us survived. The man's not much more than a user. It is, after all, me-me-me all the time.
--
