   ★ - means endorsed Romney in both 2008 and 2012
   * - means endorsed Romney in 2012
Fmr. Governor Bill Weld (R-MA)
Gov Weld is the most recent (and a popular) two-term governor.
MY FONDEST MEMORY of my two terms as governor of Massachusetts in the 1990s was that we reversed the tax-and-spend policies of the Dukakis years, and put the Commonwealth on a new diet of "Live Free or Die" philosophy and "supply-side" economics. From 1991 to 1997, we had 19 tax cuts in Massachusetts, and not a single tax increase. The result, predictably, was an economic resurgence.
I was therefore thrilled when Mitt Romney was elected governor in 2002 and accelerated the Commonwealth's course of fiscal conservatism.
I believe that Romney was a very effective leader for our state. He came into office facing a nearly $3 billion budget gap. Even Democrats conceded that this was the worst fiscal crisis since the Depression. Instead of raising taxes or borrowing more money, Romney cut spending and closed the budget gap. As one commentator said, he "didn't just go after the sacred cows, he went after the whole herd." In his first year, government spending declined from $22.8 billion in Fiscal 2002 to $22.4 billion in Fiscal 2003. This was a tremendous success that Romney would continue to match throughout his four years as head of the Commonwealth. Seeing what he did in Massachusetts, I am proud to support Romney and believe he is the kind of leader we need in Washington.
Anyone who claims that Romney did not cut taxes in Massachusetts is simply mistaken. He cut capital gains taxes, benefiting well over 150,000 residents. Thousands more are currently benefiting from new jobs in the biotech field because of Romney's manufacturing tax relief and because he made the investment tax credit permanent. Thousands of Massachusetts families saved their hard-earned dollars when Romney enacted sales tax holidays. Seniors are benefiting from property tax relief proposed and signed into law by Romney. Our honorable veterans and National Guard members have several new tax breaks because of Romney's belief that they should be taxed less. Commuters can now deduct expenses for travel because Romney believes they shouldn't be penalized for helping increase commerce.
Romney's fiscal achievements were not his only accomplishments in Massachusetts.
Besides tackling government waste and inefficiency, he halted the state's economic tailspin and added tens of thousands of new jobs. He signed into law a health insurance reform modeled on a conservative market-oriented approach that emphasizes personal responsibility. He started the Adams Scholarship, a merit-based program that awards the top 25 percent of high school students in Massachusetts with four years of free tuition at a Massachusetts public college or university. He instituted English immersion in the public schools and abolished the old bilingual education system.
This is a real record of achievement that Romney is running on across the country. I am proud to endorse his candidacy for president of the United States.
★ U.S. Senator Scott Brown (R-MA)
“I've known Mitt Romney for many years now. I had the privilege of watching him serve as governor. He is a unique leader with a proven set of management skills from a career spent in business, at the Olympics and as the chief executive of a state.”
“I know personally that if you want to fix a broken economy ... You have to listen to Governor Mitt Romney.”
TIME Magazine - Mar 17, 2010
Full quote from video:
“I've known Mitt Romney for many, many years now.  And I've had the great privilege of not only watching him be the governor of Massachusetts, but serving with him. He’s a unique leader with a proven set of management skills, from a career spent in business, working in the Olympics, and as the chief executive of the commonwealth of Massachusetts.
“And I know personally, let me repeat that, I know personally, that if you want to fix a broken economy, let me give you a piece of advice.  And it’s something that I think of regularly when I think of my challenges here in Washington.  If you want to fix something that’s broken, especially dealing with economic policies, you have to listen to Governor Mitt Romney.
“I know, I know, what he’s talking about when he speaks to me about these issues. And when you get through listening to him, you’ll know exactly what I’ve known for many, many years.
“And he really means it when he says he’s committed to rebuilding the Republican Party.  He has done it not only in Massachusetts, ... but I remember back in Massachusetts when I ran for the state senate, that he was the only one behind, pushing me along, encouraging me to make a difference... because he saw in the beginning that we had a chance to make a true difference in this country.  And for that I am so, so thankful for his feeling the fact that I could do it, when no one else could...
“One of the Republican party’s bright lights, and a man I once called my governor, and now I’m even more proud to call my very, very dear friend.”
c-spanarchives.org - Feb 18, 2010
"After his speech, Brown declined to comment on Romney’s White House ambitions.
" “I’m not sure what his plans are,” said Brown. “I’m here actually just to support him. I’ve known him for many, many years and I have great respect for him and his family.” "
TheHill.com - Feb 18, 2010
Brown's supporters also liked Mitt:
“Mitt Romney, the last Republican governor elected in the Bay State, worked the crowd at Scott Brown's headquarters Tuesday evening as polls closed, CNN's John King and Rachel Streitfeld report.
“The crowd was shouting "Mitt, Mitt," to the 2008 Republican presidential nominee as he shook hands with audience members.”
CNN.com - Jan 19, 2010
"As I've said before, He's one of the most honest, nicest, hard working men I've ever met...
"When it comes to the economic issues, there is no one I would trust more than Governor Romney, because we're in a financial emergency and we need people who are going to make very tough decisions and have the experience to get us out of this economic mess we're in...
"He's got a great sense of humor, he's a devoted family man, he cares very deeply not only about my state but about this country and where we're going economically, into the future, because like you said, right now we're in a financial emergency, we're borrowing 42 cents of every dollar.  When I went down there, 11.95 trillion dollar national debt.  It's up to 15.3 and rising, with no end in sight.  We need people in there who are going to do the very best.  Sometimes you need somebody who's just focused on the economy. They don't tell a lot of good jokes, they are not trying to yuk it up, because this is very serious times.  We need serious people, and that's why I'm supporting Governor Romney."
— Sen. Scott Brown, March 19, 2012 on Piers Morgan
31 of 33 Republican State Legislators - 2012
★ House Minority Leader Bradley Jones  
★ Assistant Minority Leader George Peterson  
★ House Minority Whip Bradford Hill  
★ Assistant Minority Whip Elizabeth Poirier 
* Representative Paul Adams 
