By Catalina Camia , USA TODAY
Updated
Three Ohio polls released today show Mitt Romney has momentum in the crucial state, but tomorrow's primary remains too close to call between the ex-Massachusetts governor and Rick Santorum.
Romney and  Santorum, a former Pennsylvania senator, are tied at 32% each among likely GOP voters in a poll released this afternoon by CNN/ORC International.
Romney has a slim lead in Ohio polls released earlier today by Quinnipiac University and Public Policy Polling.
STORY:   Social issues tire Ohio voters
Ohio is one of 10 states voting tomorrow on Super Tuesday, and it is a critical battleground for both parties in the general election.
The array of states voting Super Tuesday  -- including Romney's home of Massachusetts, Southern ones such as Tennessee and Georgia, plus North Dakota and Idaho, which  are holding caucuses -- gives each GOP candidate a chance to gain delegates toward the nomination. The outcome in these states ensure the GOP race will continue for a long time to come.
Gingrich, for example, is leading in his home state of Georgia and Santorum currently is outpacing Romney in Tennessee, according to the latest polls. Gingrich leads Romney by 23 percentage points in the CNN/ORC survey.
All eyes, however, are on Ohio because of the implications for November. No Republican has ever won the presidency without winning Ohio, and Democratic allies of President Obama have weighed in on the GOP primary.
Peter Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute, notes that Romney's support in Ohio has swung by three to 10 points in the last seven days.
"The margin makes Ohio too close to call but Romney is the one with wind at his back," Brown said.
In the PPP survey, Romney has been gaining ground among late-deciding voters. He has a 12-point lead among Ohio voters who have decided on a GOP presidential candidate in the last few days.
"What was looking like a runner-up finish in Ohio is looking more like a win with each passing day" for Romney, PPP says in its news release.
PREVIOUS
