Wait- Didn't MA vote for Scott Brown in 2010 to replace (HA!) Ted Kennedy?
You know, Tea Party darling Scott Brown in that super-uber liberal state of MA?
And Brown has been one of the more moderate and bipartisan members of the senate since his election. Not exactly a hard core republican.
Obviously you are unwilling to discuss why this might be, because you'd rather manufacture fake goalposts and irrelevant side-discussions than address the clear central point which is why would we vote for Mitt Romney when the only people who ever did vote for him are now against him?
Again, I do not think this poll represents what will happen election day. That being said, there will be plenty of people who will vote for Romney here, and my comment you likened to "manufacture fake goalposts" attests to that.  If there was a 26% margin between Obama and McCain, and only a 18% margin between Obama and Romney, some people who voted for Obama will most likely vote for Romney.  I personally think he did a fairly decent job as governor, he was definitely more competent than our current Deval (or, as the Hillman calls him, Do very little) Patrick.
I don't expect you to come up with a coherent answer, however.
And by going ad hominem you lose the debate.  Thanks for playing!
Romney ran against acting Gov. Jane (not so) Swift, not Martha Coakley(D). Swift was Republican. Coakley on the other hand ran for Sen. Ted Kennedy's seat and lost to Scott Brown(R)
I know.  I was drawing an analogy to explain just how out of touch Coakley was in her election with Brown.  People say that Romney is out of touch with the common person, and I was trying to say that he is less so than Coakley (imo).
No, Massachusetts is most decidedly NOT overwhelmingly Democrat.
The last 6 presidential elections and the fact that the last time we had a republican majority in the state house was in 1954, and the senate was 1958 might suggest otherwise.
Its a pretty moderate state for the most part.
Meh. Some areas are moderate. Western MA (where I grew up) would not be one of these areas, since it is overwhelmingly liberal. Boston is pretty liberal (solidly Democrat anyways) as well, though there are certainly some conservative areas as well.
It actually leans slight more to the right believe it or not.
No, no it doesn't.  If by leaning to the right you mean the entire state is not as liberal as Amherst or Ptown, then I suppose you would be right.  But otherwise it is solidly leaning left.
Yes, we have passed some pretty progressive laws in our time, but liberal we are not.
Disagree.
While some alibi for MIIT's poor numbers in his so-called home state,I ponder why the So-called Tea Party is not more like the people where the REAL Tea party occurred! The Nay-Sayers even admit that Massechuttes is a Democratic liberal State! Maybe the Teabaggers should have given themselves a more appropriate name like, KRISPY KREAM KLAN ?
Yikes. I realize you were posting at 11:21 PM, but Newsvine has a built in spell checker! Not to get too deep into the meaning of the first Tea party, but it was essentially a protest against what people felt was an unfair tax levied against them.  Since the current TEA (Taxed Enough Already) party has a very similar message I am not sure what exactly you are looking for.
1 vote
Mark-2840524
Yes, Romney did end up in the mid thirties, but speculation is that it dropped because he began focusing on a run for President and thus did not spend as much time dealing with Mass. issues.
Note also that Obama's approval rating has be in the 30s during his Presidency. So your point is that Romney was not a good governor and that is shown by the fact that his approval ratings were in the 30s for some of the time, and so now that Obama's ratings have also been in the 30s during his Presidency, then you must also think he is a bad President. Makes logical sense, but then liberals have always had a way of bending the statistics to fit their view of the world.
1 vote
Steve Watts
If there was a 26% margin between Obama and McCain, and only a 18% margin between Obama and Romney, some people who voted for Obama will most likely vote for Romney
Yes and no. The margin has closed, but Romney's numbers are the same as McCain's numbers way back when. 36%. If any portion of the 8% who voted for Obama are not flocking to Romney, we should see his numbers growing above McCain's. More likely, this means that Obama voters are staying home or simply not ready to commit yet.
Now, you keep saying that the picture on election day will look different, and you may be right. But we can only go by the numbers we have right now, and those don't paint the man a rosy picture.
Note also that Obama's approval rating has be in the 30s during his Presidency.
Nope. The RCP average shows 42.1% to be his low point so far.
So your point is that Romney was not a good governor and that is shown by the fact that his approval ratings were in the 30s for some of the time, and so now that Obama's ratings have also been in the 30s during his Presidency, then you must also think he is a bad President.
Besides the fact that Obama's approval hasn't been in the 30s, that's not actually the point at all. The point is that as a general rule, politicians carry their home state. There are exceptions to the rule, but generally it's true. When a politician doesn't carry their home state, one wonders why the people most personally impacted by their governance don't want to give them more power.
3 votes
