Republican presidential candidate  Mitt Romney shakes hands with supporters after a town hall meeting at Eagle Manufacturing in Shelby Township on Tuesday.  /  ANDRE J. JACKSON/Detroit Free Press
More
This endorsement should be a slam dunk for Mitt Romney.
His record and history — his term as governor of Massachusetts, his rescue of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, even his time as a venture capitalist and management consultant — make him far more qualified to represent the Republican Party in the 2012 presidential race than the other candidates.
His personal background, as a native Detroiter and the youngest son of a successful and popular governor here, also makes him an obvious pick for Michigan’s largest news organization.
But for the past 12 months, Romney has been refashioning himself as something other than what his record suggests. He has made gestures toward economic and social radicalism, and eschewed the common sense of cooperative governing that made him a success in Massachusetts.
• Reading this on a mobile device? Click here to watch an interview about this endorsement with Detroit Free Press Editorial Page Editor Stephen Henderson
Romney was also dead wrong when he opposed government bailouts for the auto industry (Michigan’s most vital economic engine) in late 2008. And he has since adopted a recalcitrant and, at times, revisionist defense of his position in the face of overwhelming evidence that the bailouts he opposed were necessary.
No doubt, much of Romney’s shifting owes to the nature of the GOP primary, which has been dominated by the party’s furthest right elements. To compete with stauncher conservatives of lesser achievement and stature, Romney has essentially played down to their level. He is chest-beating and straining to prove his ideological bona fides (recently, he called himself “severely” conservative), rather than focusing on the nuanced, sophisticated strength of his record.
That’s a mistake he will need to correct if he becomes the GOP nominee and hopes to even compete with President Barack Obama in the fall. But Romney, unlike the zealous Rick Santorum, the impulsive Newt Gingrich and the backward-thinking Ron Paul, is preferable to the rest of the field.
He is the only one who has the combination of résumé and bearing to occupy the Oval Office.  The Free Press endorses MITT ROMNEY today for the 2012 Michigan Republican presidential primary — with the hope that he can soon re-embrace his long record of level-headed, steady leadership.
Proven past leadership
Romney’s chief qualifications for the presidency come from his leadership as governor of Massachusetts and as savior of the 2002 Olympics in Salt Lake City.
He came to the 2002 Olympics after calamitous previous leadership had left the event with a $379-million shortfall; by the time the Games concluded, Romney had turned them into a $100-million profit-maker.
It was an extraordinary management performance, and it demonstrated how Romney could weave warring, disparate factions together around a common purpose and push everyone forward toward success.
As governor, Romney was a Republican leader in one of the most liberal states but still managed to achieve major reforms with lasting impact. He did so by working with Democratic leaders and by focusing on problem-solving rather than point-scoring or being a polemicist.
That was true with education, where Massachusetts adopted a sweeping reform effort under Romney. It focused not just on testing (something Romney strongly supports) and accountability for teachers and schools, but also on expanding full-day kindergarten, providing incentives for teachers whose students excel, and financial help for families trying to pay for college.
Massachusetts is now considered one of the leading states both in education outcomes (highest test scores in the country on national tests) and standards.
As governor, Romney supported the federal No Child Left Behind legislation.
Romney’s economic leadership in Massachusetts was mixed, but mirrors some of the same troubles President Obama has had in Washington.
Romney took office at the tail end of a bad recession, and the state was losing jobs quickly. That stabilized while he was governor, and he posted overall job growth over his time in office. Job growth in Massachusetts, though, was slower than it was in all but three other states while Romney was governor.
Romney did not raise taxes as governor and, for a time, was able to balance a budget that had been badly out of whack, but he left office with the state facing a significant budget gap.
Troubling changes
Romney also shepherded a massive health care reform program in Massachusetts, one that included an insurance mandate that served, at least partially, as the blueprint for President Obama’s health care reforms in 2009. Those reforms were also about a compromise between Romney and a more liberal legislature.
But on the campaign trail, Romney has distanced himself from his health reform success to woo votes from conservatives who despise the insurance mandate. He has couched some of that distancing in a distinction between reforms at the state level and the national level, but has also indulged some duplicity on that subject.
Back in 2008, for example, he extolled the idea of mandating insurance coverage. “No more free riders,” he said during a debate in that year’s Republican primary contest. “Pay your own way, but no more free ride. That was what the mandate did.”
Related:
• Transcript: Mitt Romney’s discussion with the Detroit Free Press Editorial Board
That’s exactly what the federal health care reform act was predicated on, and by taking a national approach it seeks to solve the problem across states, not just within them, because health care markets don’t always respect state borders.
Romney has also trashed federal “interference” in education on this year’s campaign trail, which sounds odd from a supporter of NCLB, easily the largest and most sweeping federal education reform effort in history.
Who is the real Romney?
It has become difficult to define who Romney really is and what he believes. Is he feigning some positions now to win votes? How would he govern — as the virulent anti-tax, anti-federal government candidate we see now or as the more reasoned leader he used to be?
Romney’s auto gaffes (there’s really no other honest way to describe them) are a discomforting window onto how those questions might be answered.
In a now infamous oped column in the New York Times , Romney argued in late 2008 that President George W. Bush and Congress should deny General Motors and Chrysler the bailouts they were seeking, because the money would go to waste. Only bankruptcy, with government guarantees of financing after the process, would turn the companies around, Romney wrote.
But had the government taken Romney’s suggestion, the companies almost certainly would have run out of cash, forcing unmanaged bankruptcies and possible liquidations. The collapse of the capital markets at that time would have made it impossible for them to secure financing just to stay afloat, let alone attempt restructuring.
What’s troubling is not so much that Romney’s plan was misguided, but that he now is unable to admit that — and has decided to claim some credit for the auto turnaround.
Last week, Romney told the Free Press editorial board that he is sticking by his initial analysis.
It’s doublespeak, and a sign of questionable leadership qualities not otherwise associated with Romney. He has been better than that before. The GOP will need him to be again, if he wins the nomination.
Raise level of debate
The Republican field in this presidential contest leaves a lot to be desired — both in terms of candidates and ideas — and if Romney is to have a chance in November against Obama, he’ll need to stop mimicking his GOP rivals’ simplicity.
Santorum, a onetime Pennsylvania senator, has confused his own religious convictions with strong public policy.
Gingrich has always been a man of bold ideas but has seldom been able to follow them through. A good example was his trip to Mackinac Island a few years ago, when he suggested a tax-free zone for Detroit to help rebuild the city’s crumbling corporate and residential base. Just a few months later, though, Gingrich was using the city as a whipping boy in a speech to conservatives, dismissing it as a “liberal” failure. That impulsivity shows through in his personal life as well, where he has sped like a tailback through marriages and infidelities.
Ron Paul is an intelligent and thoughtful man whose view of the Constitution is, unfortunately, more appropriate for 1860 than anytime since the Civil War Amendments were passed. He sees no robust role for government in assuring equality, and his isolationist foreign policy stances are naïve at best.
Nearly all the candidates have complained about the nation’s deficits and the recession-driven spending that has escalated over the past four years. But each of their tax plans would blow their own huge holes in the deficits by lowering or eliminating taxes.  Romney has indulged his fair share of that dishonesty, as well. After Obama released his proposed 2012 budget, Romney criticized him for not “taking on entitlements,” but then also ripped the president for paring some Medicare costs.
Too much of Republican politics this year has been marked by that avoidance of reality, while whipping up the party’s extremists to the exclusion of more thoughtful Republican voters who just want responsible solutions from Washington.
Primaries are supposed to be about that kind of constructive party soul-searching by political parties, and Democrats used it in 2008 to maximum effect, energizing a broad cross section of voters with the spirited contest between Obama and Hillary Clinton.  So far, the 2012 GOP primary has seemed to have the opposite effect.
Romney is the best bet Republicans have, but the others would do both him and the nation a favor by raising the level of debate, broadening the discussion and focusing on honest solutions for, rather than ideological ranting about, the nation’s problems.
