Commentary: Looking at his record, it's a losing argument
February 23, 2010|Brett Arends, WSJ.com and MarketWatch
BOSTON (MarketWatch) -- Is Mitt Romney for real?
Romney, who may well be President Barack Obama's opponent in 2012, he had great time last week blaming the president for the current jobs shortage.
Speaking to the CPAC right-wing conference in Washington, D.C., Romney said that the dismal employment situation, a year after Obama took office, showed the president was a "failure" who was "going downhill faster than... Lindsey Vonn."
OK, let's take him at his word. Then what does that say about Romney?
The Republican contender was the governor of Massachusetts from January 2003 to January 2007. And during that time, according to the U.S. Labor Department, the state ranked 47th in the entire country in jobs growth. Fourth from last.
The only ones that did worse? Ohio, Michigan and Louisiana. In other words, two rustbelt states and another that lost its biggest city to a hurricane.
The Massachusetts jobs growth over that period, a pitiful 0.9%, badly lagged other high-skill, high-wage, knowledge economy states like New York (2.7%), California (4.7%) and North Carolina (7.6%).
The national average: More than 5%.
This was after four years. So far Obama has been in office for just one year. How was Romney's performance by his first anniversary?
Fiftieth out of fifty.
That's right. In Romney's first year in charge, Massachusetts ranked dead last in America in jobs growth.
What makes this worse for Romney is that he actually ran on a jobs platform. Romney -- who made his fortune building Bain Capital into one of the biggest venture capital firms in the world -- promised the voters of Massachusetts that as governor he'd use his business savvy and connections to bring new jobs to the state.
"I don't have to wait in the lobby to see middle management," he pointedly said during one campaign event. It was a shot at his opponent, state politico Shannon O'Brien.
Romney went on: "There's virtually not a chief executive officer in the country that won't let me in to sit down with them in their office to pitch Massachusetts. And that is what I'll do, inside Massachusetts, outside Massachusetts, outside of our country, to encourage businesses to come grow and thrive in the most robust portion of the economy, Massachusetts."
Net result: 50th out of 50 after one year, 47th after four.
It's the kind of detail that's apt to prove awkward if Romney becomes the Republican presidential nominee in 2012. And that looks like a pretty strong possibility.
He beat competitors Sarah Palin and Tim Pawlenty handily in last week's CPAC straw poll. Okay, Ron Paul came first, but the libertarian congressman from Texas probably isn't likely to be the nominee.
Romney's Free And Strong America Political Action Committee has so far raised $3.8 million this election cycle -- nearly twice as much as Palin's SarahPac.
