Print
By Jonathan Weisman
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney on Monday defended his administration’s efforts to cover its electronic tracks with the purchase of hard drives from state computers, saying he had no intention of providing “opposition research teams” with electronic communications from his term as governor.
Mitt Romney speaks to employees at BAE Systems in Nashua, N.H., Monday. (AP Photo/Winslow Townson)
Meeting with the editorial board of the Nashua (N.H.) Telegraph , Mr. Romney was questioned about a Boston Globe story last week that revealed that top officials in his administration had purchased the hard drives from their computers and taken other steps to delete electronic communications. Putting aside questions of legality, editorial page editor Nick Pappas asked Mr. Romney to “tell us why you think that was appropriate.”
“Well, I think in government we should follow the law. And there has never been an administration that has provided to the opposition research team, or to the public, electronic communications. So ours would have been first the administration to have done so,” Mr. Romney responded.
Meantime, the war between the Romney campaign and the Democratic National Committee continued over the matter Monday when the DNC forwarded its second set of Freedom of Information Act requests to Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick, a close friend of President Barack Obama’s, and the Massachusetts Archives requesting records “that reflect a concern on the part of any member of the Executive Office of the Governor with the protection through the removal of public records of ‘personal’ or ‘confidential’ information,” records related to the acquisition of hard drives and the removal of documents or computer hardware from the archives.
Last week, Romney campaign manager Matt Rhoades accused Mr. Patrick of running a “dirty tricks” shop for the president’s benefit and requested documents on any contact his administration has had with top Obama White House or campaign operatives.
Email Jonathan Weisman at Jonathan.Weisman@wsj.com and follow him on Twitter @jonathanweisman
