By Anthony Shoemaker |  Monday, June  4, 2012, 04:47 PM
By Jeremy P. Kelley Staff Writer
Massachusetts state Rep. David Linsky came to Ohio on Monday - he missed his Dayton stop due to airline trouble - and took shots at Mitt Romney’s record as governor of the Bay State from 2003-06.
In a phone interview, Linsky targeted Romney’s campaign claims that he has a better record of job creation than Obama.
Linsky said Romney’s economic policies “greatly hampered Massachusetts’ ability to bounce back from the recession after 2001” and added that “as soon as he left being governor, the Massachusetts economy took off.”
While it may be an exaggeration to say any state’s economy “took off” late last decade, a Dayton Daily News review of unemployment statistics shows Massachusetts did, in fact, do better than most of the nation after Romney left.
In the two years before Romney took office, 2001-02, Massachusetts’ unemployment rate was 0.5 to 1.0 percentage points better than the national rate.
While Romney was in office, the state unemployment rate was 0.2 to 0.4 percentage points better than the federal rate from 2003-05, then slipped behind the national rate by 0.4 percentage points in 2006.
In 2007, the first year after Romney left office, Massachusetts’ unemployment rate got back ahead of the national rate by 0.1 percentage point. The state was 0.5 points ahead of the nation in 2008, 1.1 points ahead of the nation in 2009-10, and was 1.8 percentage points better than the national average in April 2012.
Ohio Romney spokesman Christopher Maloney said the Linsky visit is an effort by the Obama campaign to “change the subject” on the heels of a poor federal jobs report last week.
“The jobless rate in Massachusetts has been above 6 percent for three-and-a-half years, it stood at 4.7 percent when Governor Romney left office.  Additionally, there are 20,000 fewer jobs in Massachusetts today than on the day when Governor Romney’s successor was sworn-into office,” Maloney said in an e-mail.
Maloney pointed to unemployment rates that were as low as 4.7 percent in Massachusetts (and the nation) during Romney time as governor.
“We’re happy to compare the 4.7 percent unemployment rate Mitt Romney achieved in Massachusetts to President Obama’s failed economic record any day,” Maloney said, adding that Romney “understands how to get this economy moving again.”
But Linsky argued that Romney’s record calls that claim into question, citing a federal statistic that Massachusetts was 47th of 50 states in job creation during Romney’s entire term as governor.
Republicans haven’t challenged the overall ranking of 47th, but Maloney looks at that statistic a different way, saying that while Romney was governor, Massachusetts went from 50th in job creation in his first year to 30th in his fourth year.
All 50 states have higher unemployment today, after the recession, than they did when Romney left office.
Asked whether his Democrat-controlled state legislature should share the blame for Massachusetts’ struggles during the Romney years, Linsky said a big part of the problem was that Romney was effectively already running for president in his third and fourth years as governor. He said rather than advocating for Massachusetts at that point, he was making the state the butt of jokes for the benefit of the Republican voter base.
Linsky, a 12-year veteran of the Massachusetts legislature, was one of three Democratic state legislators to visit swing states on behalf of President Obama’s campaign Monday.
