Romney marks 2nd anniversary of Obama...
March 23, 2012
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — Republican Mitt Romney outlined a national health care plan Thursday that would empower states to decide coverage rules, spelling out differences with President Barack Obama's overhaul but refusing to renounce his own Massachusetts law that was a precursor to Obama's.
The all-but-declared 2012 presidential candidate said that backing away from the plan he signed as Massachusetts governor or changing his overall health care vision would be politically expedient given that health care has become a liability rather than an asset for him among conservative critics in the past two years.
But he declared, "I am not adjusting the plan to reflect the political sentiment."
The former Massachusetts governor tried to address a huge vulnerability in an appearance in Michigan, as well as counter the notion that he bends his positions to suit the current political environment. He was lambasted during his first White House run for reversing his positions on abortion and gay rights for what critics called political reasons. The health plan he described Thursday was the same one he proposed during his presidential run
Romney used a 29-minute appearance in this early primary voting state where he has family roots to lay out differences between the Massachusetts and federal plans. Instead of speaking from prepared remarks at a GOP-sponsored event at the University of Michigan hospital, he talked from notes and used a slide presentation to deliver what at times felt like a college lecture on health care.
Comparing his state version with Obama's, he said, "Our plan was a state solution to a state problem. And his is a power grab by the federal government to put in place a one-size-fits plan across the nation." He added that his state's plan was "a more modest approach."
His pitch is unlikely to appease critics who want him to make a clean break from the Massachusetts law's requirement that all residents obtain health insurance. That mandate is a cornerstone of the Obama-backed plan passed by Congress last year and despised by conservatives who have much power in determining the Republican presidential nominee.
Much of what he said Thursday, he's said before.
Romney again said the law he backed as governor was right for Massachusetts but Obama's, which requires federally mandated health care coverage for all U.S. residents, is a bad idea and should be repealed. He said that many pundits argue that he should stand up and say his own state law was a mistake, "that it was just a bone-headed idea and I should just admit it."
Page:
