By Professor John A. Tures, LaGrange College | Yahoo! Contributor Network –  Fri, Feb 17, 2012
Related Content
Was Mitt Romney a 'Severely Conservative' …
ANALYSIS | Mitt Romney is in a fight of his political life against two candidates with more conservative credentials, and a libertarian who claims to be the true heir to the limited government mantle that conservatives claim. Distrusted by conservatives like Sarah Palin , Romney arrived at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) on the defensive.
He's had to run away from his 1994 U.S. Senate campaign where he ran to the left of Ted Kennedy. He's been accused of flip flops, or being insufficiently conservative.
To answer these charges, Romney had to convince the CPAC members that he, too, is a conservative. So he chose to focus on his four years in office as the governor of Massachusetts.
David A. Farenthold of the Washington Post quoted the ex-governor's speech . "I know conservatism, because I have lived conservatism," Romney told a packed ballroom at the Conservative Political Action Conference, in a speech in which he underlined the point by saying "conservative" or "conservatism" 24 times. At some points, even those words weren't strong enough: Romney called himself a "severely" conservative governor in Massachusetts.
So was Romney a "severely conservative governor"? He rarely provides specifics about what he did from 2003-2006, choosing instead to talk about his current stands on a variety of social issues and government programs. So I went to the dataset collected by the Simon Fraser Institute . This measure of economic freedom in North America rates each state for every year from the 1980s through 2009 by three factors: taxes, government spending and business conditions vis-à-vis labor. The Fraser Institute is very pro-free market.
The Case For Mitt Romney
During his four years in office, Romney's overall economic freedom scores are okay, ranging from 7.3 to 7.2, so not changing much over his time in office. That's good enough for the 19th most economically free (pro-capitalist) state or Canadian province, which is pretty good for a Republican governor in a state we often think is the most liberal in America. Romney gets good marks for labor market flexibility and keeping a tight budget.
His scores are much better than the economic record kept by Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee (whose state fell from 34th in the survey to 43rd over his terms in office), libertarian candidate Gary Johnson, a New Mexico Governor (from 47th in the survey to 49th in his office tenure) to Sarah Palin herself (Alaska declined during her time in office from 33rd in economic freedom to 51st for economic freedom among all American states and Canadian provinces).
The Case Against Mitt Romney
It should be noted that Massachusetts wasn't so liberal when Romney took over. Republican Governors William Weld and Paul Celucci, and even Democratic Party Governor Michael Dukakis had similar economic freedom scores (in 1988, Dukakis' scores were even a tenth of a point higher than Romney ever got). The Fraser Institute downgraded Romney's scores on taxes (economic freedom scores fell from 6.8 in 2003 to 6.2 in 2006 for the tax category). Though Romney touts his record of tax cutting, opponents always pointed out that "fees" and taxes by other names went up during the Romney Administration.
That's probably when Massachusetts slid from being the 15th most economically free state in 2003 to 19th in 2006, Romney's last year in office. In Dukakis' Massachusetts, the state's economic freedom scores were good enough for eighth in the country. Though better than others, Romney's record pales in comparison to the one crafted by Rick Perry in Texas. Perry's Texas record had the Lone Star State get as high as second in the country for economic freedom.
Romney Wasn't "Severely Conservative," But "Conservative Enough"
The record doesn't show that Romney was a "severely" conservative governor. Texas Governor Rick Perry is more worthy of that title, given the evidence. Romney had a state that was better than average on fiscal issues, but declined a little bit as taxes or items masked as taxes went up. But Romney's record on "labor market flexibility" definitely went up, giving him at least some pro-business credentials. Romney may not have been a "severely conservative governor," but he was "conservative enough" as a governor.
@yahoonews on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
More popular Yahoo! News videos
1 - 4 of 4
