Some supporters, who may have also contributed to other candidates, include:
Meg Whitman, president and CEO of eBay Finance co-chair of exploratory committee
Donated $2,300
Dennis Hastert,  former House speaker Member of Romney's exploratory committee
David Neeleman,  CEO and chair of Jet Blue Airways
Donated $2,100
Paul Otellini, CEO and president of Intel
Donated $2,300
Johnny Miller,  golf analyst for NBC Sports
Donated $2,300
* Money figures are according to FEC
Advisers
Some of the top and notable advisers, according to the campaigns and/or media reports.
Beth Myers,  campaign manager
Served as Romney's gubernatorial chief of staff.
Carl Forti,  deputy campaign manager/political director
A former communications director at the National Republican Congressional Committee.
Matt Rhoades,  communications director
A former research director at the Republican National Committee.
Alex Castellanos,  senior advisor
Has worked for several GOP presidential campaigns including that of President Bush; principal in the Alexandria, Va. Firm National Media Inc.
Kevin Madden, national press secretary
A former spokesman for House majority leaders John Boehner, R-Ohio, and Tom DeLay, R-Texas; a spokesman for President Bush's 2004 presidential campaign.
Alan Philp,  head of "Idea Factory"
Policy director for then-Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, director of anti-Democrat Colorado 527 group, executive director of the Colorado Republican Party
Vin Weber,  policy chairman
Chair of National Endowment for Democracy and CEO of Clark & Weinstock, former U.S. representative from Minnesota
Sally Canfield, policy director
Policy adviser to then-House Speaker Dennis Hastert, former deputy chief of staff at Department of Homeland Security
* Special Notes
• Delegate counts represent CNN's most recent estimate for each candidate. For Democrats, the figures include pledged delegates and superdelegates. For Republicans, the figures include pledged delegates and unpledged RNC member delegates. There are currently 4,234 total delegates to the Democratic National Convention, including 3,409 pledged delegates and 825 superdelegates. The total number of delegate votes needed to win the nomination is 2,118. There are currently 2,380 total delegates to the Republican National Convention, including 1,917 pledged delegates and 463 unpledged delegates. The total number of delegate votes needed to win the nomination is 1,191. More about the delegate selection process
• Needed to Win: This refers to the total number of delegate votes needed by a candidate to win the party's nomination.
• States won: This refers to CNN's projected winner for each race until a final result has been determined. How CNN projects winners
Mitt Romney Fundraising
