+ Comment now
Image by Getty Images via @daylife
It’s no secret that P resident Barack Obama based his costly, mandate-driven  health care overhaul on Massachusetts’ 2006 reform experiment — despite former Bay State Governor and current Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney’s claims to the contrary.
Ironclad proof surfaced a few weeks ago, when the White House released visitor logs from 2009 showing a dozen meetings between Massachusetts health officials and the Obama team — including one in the Oval Office.
It’s safe to assume that they weren’t talking about the Red Sox.
Romney is currently the frontrunner for the GOP nomination. If he gets the nod from Republicans, then voters will be left to choose between two candidates who have implemented the exact same brand of health reform. Given the disaster that’s been unfolding in Massachusetts for five years — and the problems already plaguing ObamaCare — that’s not a good thing.
The cornerstone of both the Massachusetts plan and ObamaCare is the individual mandate requiring all people to obtain insurance or pay a fine. The Bay State already had one of the lowest uninsured rates in the nation before enacting its law, but since reform, the percentage of folks lacking insurance has decreased further.
The bad news is that health costs in Massachusetts are spiraling out of control.
Health care spending is rising 15% faster than the national average. Between 2007 and 2009, premiums rose between 5% and 10% each year. Economists from Stanford and Columbia have estimated that the state health care law was responsible for hiking premiums by as much as 6%.
Despite clear similarities in the plans, Romney has continued to defend the Massachusetts overhaul, even as he attacks ObamaCare.
Romney’s fellow GOP presidential candidates finally started to call out his role in implementing ObamaCare’s legislative progenitor at an October debate in Las Vegas.
Romney responded with a false distinction. “We don’t have a government insurance plan. We rely on private insurers,” he said.
