2006: individual mandate is a Republican approach
Who first proposed making health insurance compulsory?
The Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank. In the late 1980s, when Democrats were pushing to require employers to provide health insurance, the Foundation suggested that every American be required to buy health insurance, a requirement known as the individual mandate.
Which politicians took up that idea?
Many Republicans did in the early 1990s, after Pres. Clinton introduced a plan that would have forced companies to cover employees. When the Clinton plan collapsed in 1994, talk of the individual mandate died with it. But a decade later, Mitt Romney, then governor of Massachusetts, resurrected the concept for his state health-care plan, which requires residents to buy insurance or pay up to $1,212 in annual penalties. "It's a Republican way of reforming the market," Romney said when the law debuted, in 2006. "To have people show up at a hospital when they get sick, and expect someone else to pay, that's a Democratic approach."
Source: The Week, "A Mandate for Controversy", p. 13 , Dec 23, 2011
Over 98% of MA residents now have healthcare
Although the bill he signed into law has not yet saved Massachusetts money--experts say it will save money only when consumers make better use of more cost-efficient clinics instead of costlier hospital emergency rooms and all health care providers are required to accept the state supervised "Health Connector" insurance program for previously uninsured citizens--over 98% of state residents now have health care.  Yet because Pres. Obama used it to design his much-assailed national program, Romney would rather forget that so-called ObamaCare is simply a souped-up version of RomneyCare.
There are important differences between the programs developed by Romney and those that Obama attempted to adapt on a federal level. For instance, Romney's plan passed the "state's rights" litmus test. It sought only to provide insurance to the uninsured. Romney's plan was not funded by new taxes. Nor did it employ "robbing Peter to pay Paul" tactics. Obama's plan brought new taxes and extracted money from Medicare.
Source: An Inside Look, by R.B.Scott, p.113 , Nov 22, 2011
2008: Individual mandate ok; free ride is not
In 2008, Romney wrote in the Wall Street Journal that [RomneyCare] could be applied to other states and that they should learn from the Massachusetts experience and "improve on what we've done." He acknowledged that some libertarian-leaning conservatives would "balk at what looks like an individual mandate. But remember, someone has to pay for the health care that must, by law, be provided. Either the individual pays or the taxpayers pay. A free ride on government is not libertarian."
Two years later when Obama used the Massachusetts plan as the model for a national health care program, Romney argued that "what works in one state is not going to work somewhere else." Many thought he was abandoning support for the Massachusetts plan, when in fact he was only saying, as he had said all along, that the health care plan could be implemented throughout the nation, presumably state by state. That is the only major difference: it should be a state program, not a federal one.
Source: An Inside Look, by R.B.Scott, p.148-149 , Nov 22, 2011
My plan right for MA but wrong for rest of country
Before Romney made his candidacy official in June, he traveled west to his native Michigan and the medical school at the University of Michigan to deliver what was billed as a major policy statement on health care. He dished an explanation as to why the breakthrough health care program he had created for Massachusetts was absolutely right for the Commonwealth but absolutely wring for the rest of the country.
Sifting through the chaff, careful listeners may have gleaned a few kernels of important information. Chief among them was Romney's legitimate concern that Obama's federal program, modeled on the one Romney built in Massachusetts, would likely lead to the creation of a sprawling and unresponsive bureaucracy.
Columnist and blogger Ezra Klein wrote: "His argument boils down to 'Under a Romney presidency, no state would have to replicate my awesome, obvious health-care reforms.'"
Source: An Inside Look, by R.B.Scott, p.206 , Nov 22, 2011
RomneyCare intended as state plan; never as national model
PERRY: [to Romney]: In your hard copy book, you said RomneyCare was exactly what the American people needed, to have that RomneyCare given to them as you had in Massachusetts. Then in your paperback, you took that line out.
ROMNEY: I actually wrote my book, and in my book I said no such thing. When I put my health care plan together, a Washington Post reporter asked, "Is this is a plan that if you were president you would put on the whole nation, have a whole nation adopt it?" I said, "Absolutely not. This is a state plan for a state, it is not a national plan." And it's fine for to you retreat from your own words in your own book [on Social Security's constitutionality], but please don't try and make me retreat from the words that I wrote in my book. I stand by what I wrote. I believe in what I did. And I believe that the people of this country can read my book and see exactly what it is.
Source: 2011 GOP Google debate in Orlando FL , Sep 22, 2011
In MA, we addressed only the 8% who were uninsured
Q: The other day Gov. Perry called RomneyCare "socialized medicine." He said it has failed in western Europe and in Massachusetts. And he warns that Republicans should not nominate "Obama-lite."
ROMNEY: I don't think he knows what he was talking about in that regard. Let me tell you this about our system in Massachusetts: 92% of our people were insured before we put our plan in place. Nothing's changed for them. The system is the same. They have private market-based insurance. We had 8% of our people that weren't insured. And so what we did is we said let's find a way to get them insurance, again, market-based private insurance. We didn't come up with some new government insurance plan. Our plan in Massachusetts has some good parts, some bad parts, some things I'd change, some things I like about it. It's different than Obamacare. Obamacare intends to put someone between you and your physician. It must be repealed. That law is bad; it's unconstitutional; it shall not stand.
I stand by what I did in Massachusetts
Q: Do you stand by what you did with the health care mandate in Massachusetts?
ROMNEY: Absolutely. I'm not running for governor. I'm running for president. And if I'm president, on day one I'll direct the secretary of Health and Human Services to grant a waiver from Obamacare to all 50 states. It's a problem that's bad law, it's not constitutional. I'll get rid of it.
Q: [to Perry]: Can a state like Massachusetts go ahead and pass health care reform, including mandates? Is that a good idea, if Massachusetts wants to do it?
PERRY: Well, that's what Gov. Romney wanted to do, so that's fine. But the fact of the matter is, that was the plan that President Obama has said himself was the model for Obamacare. I don't think it was right for Massachusetts when you look at what it's costing the people of Massachusetts today.
ROMNEY: If you think what we did in Massachusetts and what Pres. Obama did are the same, boy, take a closer look: he raised taxes $500 billion; we didn't raise taxes.
If people of MA don't like RomneyCare, they can change it
Q: [To Romney]: Gov. Pawlenty called your Massachusetts plan "Obamneycare". Is that a fair comparison?
ROMNEY: If I'm elected president, I will repeal Obamacare. And also, on my first day in office, I will grant a waiver to all 50 states from Obamacare. Now, there's some similarities and there are some big differences. Obamacare spends a trillion dollars. If it were perfect--and it's not perfect, it's terrible--we can't afford more federal spending. Secondly, it raises $500 billion in taxes. We didn't raise taxes in Massachusetts. Third, Obamacare takes $500 billion out of Medicare and funds Obamacare. We, of course, didn't do that. And, finally, ours was a state plan, a state solution, and if people don't like it in our state, they can change it. That's the nature of why states are the right place for this type of responsibility. And that's why I introduced a plan to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a state-centric program.
Source: 2011 GOP primary debate in Manchester NH , Jun 13, 2011
2006 lessons: involve everyone; demonize none; transparency
The debate over health care raged Washington during most of 2009. Sadly, that consensus as to the problem did not result in a consensus as to the solution. The real tragedy was that it wasn't the sort of bipartisan and genuine search for solutions that I experienced in Massachusetts in 2006 and 2007. Our reforms in Massachusetts didn't produce a perfect system, just one that was much better than what had been there before, and it taught us all valuable lessons on how to work collaboratively to reform health care. But the most important lessons--involve everyone, demonize no one, and be transparent--were never adopted by President Obama, Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Senator Harry Reid, and their surrogates. As a result, we have not achieved the kind of reforms that will tame health-care cost inflation.
Source: No Apology, by Mitt Romney, p.163 , Mar 2, 2010
People without insurance already receive care via E.R.
We had a collective epiphany: the people in Massachusetts who didn't have health insurance were, in fact, already receiving health care. Under federal law, hospitals had to treat people who arrived at their emergency rooms with acute conditions. That meant that someone was already paying for the cost of treating people who didn't have health insurance. If we could get our hands on that money, and therefore redirect it to help the uninsured BUY insurance instead--before acute conditions developed--the cost of insuring everyone in the state might not be as expensive as I had feared.
Massachusetts insurance regulations also didn't help. The commonwealth required insurers to offer only benefit-rich policies--and consequently, such policies were very expensive. Further, the state didn't allow insurers to adequately discount policy premiums for young healthy people. As a result, premiums for individuals who were not part of a pool were excessively high, & young healthy people declined to pay for them.
2006: Compromise with Ted Kennedy to make RomneyCare reality
The plan we ultimately constructed & proposed to the legislature relied on three basic components:
Those who could afford insurance would either buy it pay their own health-care costs--no more free riders showing up at the hospital expecting to ge care at tax-payers' expense
For those who couldn't afford health insurance on their own, the state would pay a portion of their premium with the amount of the subsidy determined on a sliding scale by income
To make it easier to insurers to service individual customers, the state would create a "connector" or "exchange" that would collect premiums and pass them on to the insurers.
Our first stop was the office of Ted Kennedy. He saw an opportunity to work on a bipartisan experiment that might become a model for other states. He quickly grasped the structure of our program, and he agreed to support our approach. The bill wasn't perfect; nothing that groundbreaking could be. But it was a big improvement over what we had.
Source: No Apology, by Mitt Romney, p.173-175 , Mar 2, 2010
FactCheck: MA employers have no mandates, but “requirements”
Romney made some questionable statements about the Massachusetts universal health care plan he signed into law, saying he opposed employer mandates: “When I said government mandate, I meant employer mandate.”
Massachusetts may not call its rules for employers a “mandate,” but the state health care plan includes several “obligations” or “requirements,” as the state dubs them, for employers, along with fees for noncompliance. The requirements for employers are much narrower than those for individuals, who indeed, according to the state, face a “mandate” to get health insurance.
But is a “requirement” a “mandate”? You be the judge: Employers with more than 10 full-time employees must pay at least 33% of employee premium costs or have a group health plan. Those that fail to do so must pay a fee of $295 per full-time employee per year.
Individuals in the state must have health insurance. If not, they’ll lose their personal exemption on state income taxes in 2007--a penalty of $219.
Source: FactCheck.org on 2007 Republican primary debate on Univision , Dec 9, 2007
FactCheck: No, MA healthcare plan is not paid for, yet
As for the cost of the Massachusetts universal health care program, Romney said, “It cost us no more money to help people buy insurance policies that they could afford than it was costing us before, handing out free care.” Romney can’t yet make the claim that it has been completely paid for with the state’s “free care” money--funds used to pay for emergency health care for the uninsured.
The Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation estimated that the state would need an extra $200 million each year for 2007 to 2009 to finance the health care plan, because more people enrolled in subsidized care than anticipated. That shortfall, however, is a projection, and a Boston Globe article on the budget gap said some money could be shifted from the free care fund, if there is money in that fund to do so. Additional dollars came from a Medicaid waiver granted by the federal government, which is set to expire in 2009. The Massachusetts government is negotiating with federal officials to renew that waiver.
Source: FactCheck.org on 2007 Republican primary debate on Univision , Dec 9, 2007
FactCheck: HillaryCare closer to RomneyCare than “all gov’t”
Romney attacked Hillary Clinton’s health care proposal. But the plan he enacted in Massachusetts is quite similar to Clinton’s. Romney said, “Hillary says the federal government’s going to tell you what kind of insurance, & it’s all government insurance. And I say no, let the states create their own plans, and instead of government insurance, have private, market-based insurance.” Actually, the plan Romney brags about in Massachusetts shares a number of key characteristics with Clinton’s:
They both require that individuals obtain insurance and also require employers provide it.
They both provide government subsidies for those with low incomes.
Both expand the number of people covered under Medicaid.
Furthermore, Romney’s claim that Clinton espouses “all government insurance” is false. Under her proposals, people could keep their current insuranc. It is true that Clinton’s plan would require much more government involvement than Romney’s nationwide proposal.
Source: FactCheck.org on 2007 GOP primary debate in Orlando , Oct 21, 2007
FactCheck: MA plan works, but Romney not proposing it for US
Romney now says he wouldn’t propose a Massachusetts-style plan for the nation, so the track record of the Massachusetts plan is a poor indicator of what Romney’s current proposals might accomplish nationally. And while his claim that his state plan lowered premiums is correct according to the Commonwealth Connector, a state agency created to implement the plan, the group says that resulted from a legally required merging of small group and non-group markets, which is something states would be allowed to do--but not required--under Romney’s current proposal.
It’s also unclear how many of the previously uninsured have gained coverage under the Massachusetts plan. While the program has successfully enrolled 200,000 people, some of those may have switched from less desirable policies. A more apples-to-apples measure found that 395,000 people didn’t have insurance in the state in 2006, then a 10% decrease in the uninsured through July 2007.
Source: FactCheck.org on 2007 GOP primary debate in Orlando , Oct 21, 2007
MA plan blends personal responsibility & universal coverage
Romney says he is proud of the healthcare plan he masterminded for Massachusetts. It is a laudable plan that blends the Republican ideal of personal responsibility with the Democratic goal of universal healthcare.
Here’s a crash course in the 2006 Health Reform Statute. Every person is required to buy health insurance. Young, healthy people--who ordinarily wouldn’t buy health insurance--have to get it, even if they feel like they don’t need it. This inclusiveness lowers the premiums and allows state funds that were earmarked for medical care for the uninsured to be used to provide insurance for the populace. Medicaid still covers the indigent.
Critics say this isn’t fair to require everyone to buy health insurance. But it’s as equitable as requiring all drivers to buy automobile insurance. Everybody pays for the uninsured anyway, whether it’s in higher auto insurance premiums or higher hospital bills. Health insurance as a civic duty is a noble concept, but one that just may work.
Source: The Man, His Values, & His Vision, p. 34-35 , Aug 31, 2007
FactCheck: Romney plan virtually identical to Obama plan
Romney tried to distance his state’s universal health insurance plan from the proposals of the Democratic presidential candidates. Romney said, “Every Democrat up there’s talking about a form of socialized medicine, government takeover, massive tax increase. I’m the guy who actually tackled this issue. We get all of our citizens insured. We get people that were uninsured with private health insurance. We have to stand up and say the market works. Personal responsibility works.”
There are two problems with Romney’s characterization: One, Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich is the only Democratic candidate to propose a single-payer, wholly government-funded health care plan. And two, Romney’s Massachusetts universal insurance system bears a striking resemblance to the health care proposals of the Democratic front-runners. For example, the Obama and Romney plans are virtually identical. But in our view, the term  “government takeover” could only be applied to Rep. Kucinich’s proposal.
Source: FactCheck.org on 2007 GOP debate at Saint Anselm College , Jun 3, 2007
MA program relies on personal responsibility & the market
Q: [The Massachusetts] program mandates individual health insurance coverage. Some conservatives say this is simply big government--is it?
A: As governor, I talked to people, and they say, “If I lose my job, I’m worried I’ll lose my insurance, and my insurance premiums are getting higher and higher.” And we said: We got to find a way to get everybody insured. And the last thing we want is to have the government take over health care, because anything they take over gets worse. We said: We need to find a way to get everybody in our state insured with private insurance. [We found] a way to get them insured without raising taxes, without a government takeover. It relies on personal responsibility. Every Democrat up there’s talking about a form of socialized medicine, government takeover, massive tax increase. I’m the guy who actually tackled this issue. We get all of our citizens insured. We have to stand up and say the market works. Personal responsibility works.
Source: 2007 GOP debate at Saint Anselm College , Jun 3, 2007
MA health plan insures all without taxes or socialization
Q: A year ago, it seemed that you couldn’t wait to tell the world about your health-care experiment in Massachusetts. Since then, it’s been criticized by conservatives as something Hillary Clinton could’ve devised. You hardly mention it on your Web site. What’s changed?
A: I love it. It’s a fabulous program. I’m delighted with the fact that we worked together across the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, to find a way to get health care for all of our citizens that’s affordable and that’s portable. I helped write it and I knew it well, and this is a country that can get all of our people insured with not a government takeover, without Hillarycare, without socialized medicine. Instead, get the market to do its job. Let me people have health care that they can afford. Get the market to do its job. Let people have the opportunity to choose policies in the private sector. We didn’t expand government programs. We didn’t raise taxes. There was no government takeover.
Source: 2007 GOP primary debate, at Reagan library, hosted by MSNBC , May 3, 2007
FactCheck: MA plan not yet in place so analysis premature
Romney called his state health care experiment “a fabulous program” accomplished without any “government takeover”. Romney’s praise, however, is a bit premature--and while the plan is not government-administered health insurance, it includes mandates for individuals & employers, minimum coverage requirements, subsidized insurance & government-enforced fines for noncompliance.
Overall, it’s too soon to tell how successful the Massachusetts plan will be. The requirements for health coverage do not go int  effect until July. By April, nearly 70,000 people had signed up for subsidized health plans. That number is half of those eligible. But the total estimate of uninsured Massachusetts residents is 372,000. The state has a long way to go.
And it has hit some snags in implementing the law. The initial bids from insurance companies were much more expensive than what Romney had touted, because over 200,000 insured residents would need to buy additional coverage to meet the original state requirements.
Source: FactCheck.org on 2007 GOP primary debate, at Reagan library , May 3, 2007
Signal accomplishment as Governor is MA insurance reform
Mitt Romney’s signal legislative accomplishment is health insurance reform. Romney wrestled from the Massachusetts legislature in 2006 an important and sweeping set of innovations on how health insurance will be managed in Massachusetts.
Source: A Mormon in the White House?, by Hugh Hewitt, p.150 , Mar 12, 2007
MA reform focuses on individual responsibility (via fines)
To reform health insurance, Romney partnered with the Heritage Foundation. Of the approximately half-million uninsured in Massachusetts, about 200,000 were healthy risk takers who preferred spending dollars on goods other than premiums for health care insurance they figured they would not need.
In fact thousands of those risk-takers end up needing health care, and of the expensive sort. The state and the care providers eat the costs, which means the taxpayer and premium payers eventually get the bills. To this group, Romney gives no choice. In January, 2008, they must either insure themselves or be subject to a fine. The poor get subsidies as well as assistance in signing up.
The legislature tacked on a provision that penalizes companies of 11 or more employees that do not provide health insurance. Romney vetoed this add-on. The legislature overrode his veto. But the lawmakers still handed Romney an enormous victory. They did so because the plan manifestly makes sense.
Source: A Mormon in the White House?, by Hugh Hewitt, p.150-152 , Mar 12, 2007
State universal coverage plan is national test case
Massachusetts has become the pioneer in universal coverage [via Romney’s] plan for radically restructuring the health-care financing system. One piece is subsidizing low-income families’ purchase of private health insurance, instead of reimbursing hospitals for treating the uninsured. The other big idea creates an insurance exchange-a public bank that will collect the premiums from individuals and pass them on to their chosen insurers-so individuals can buy health insurance with pretax dollars.
The program’s passage with overwhelming bipartisan support is a notable achievement. It remains to be seen how many uninsured people actually order policies. Romney remarked, “I wish I were going to be governor the next five years to see it through,” but he will step down at the end of this year and is preparing to seek the presidency. Meanwhile, his health plan gives him a unique calling card-and provides the country with an important opportunity to test one possible solution to a vexing problem.
Source: 2008 speculation: Eleanor Clift, Newsweek, “Gore Redux” , Apr 28, 2006
MA state health insurance plan lowered costs
We put in place a plan that gets every citizen in our state health insurance, and it didn’t cost us new money or require us to raise taxes. What we found was, it was less expensive or no more expensive to help individuals who had been uninsured by their own private policy than it had been for us to give out free care at the hospital. Since we put our plan in place last April, we’ve now had 300,000 people who were uninsured sign up for this insurance, private insurance. Where good doctor was wrong is tha it’s true the insurance companies don’t want to sell policies to one person at a time. It’s expensive. We established what we called a connector, a place where individuals could go to buy policies from any company, and that connector would in turn send their premiums on to those companies. So the economics of scale existed. As a result, the premiums for health insurance for an individual buying insurance went from $350 a month to $180 a month, with lower deductibles and now with prescription drugs.
Source: 2008 Facebook/WMUR-NH Republican primary debate , Jan 5, 2006
Mandates on health insurance work in Massachusetts
I like mandates. The mandates work. If somebody can afford insurance and decides not to buy it, and then they get sick, they ought to pay their own way, as opposed to expect the government to pay their way. That’s an American principle. That’s a principle of personal responsibility. If you can afford to buy insurance, then buy it. You don’t have to, if you don’t want to buy it, but then you got to put enough money aside that you can pay your own way. If people can afford to buy it, either buy the insurance or pay your own way; don’t be free-riders and pass on the cost to your health care to everybody else. It actually applies to people at three-times federal poverty. They pay for their own policy. At less than three-times federal poverty, we help them buy a policy, so everybody is insured, and everybody is able to buy a policy that is affordable for them. One-quarter of the uninsured in my state were making $75,000 a year or more.
