Block
Best Answer - Chosen by Asker
The "god" that Bain Capital and its executives worship is "expanding profit margins"...their goal is to MAKE MONEY for their INVESTORS above all else, which means that corporate raiding is the goal---not helping companies stay put on American soil or keeping American workers on the job.  If you note the various criticisms now out about Romney's tenure at Bains, they actually RAIDED the American workers' pension funds and all other assets, making themselves $MILLIONS$ and even $BILLIONS$ in personal profits by reorganizing, downsizing,  breaking up in saleable parts, moving operations---anything and everything that would vulturize their prey for anything of value (what is meant by the term "vulture capitalism").
Those of you interested in a bit of history, the firing of PATCO (air traffic controllers' union), unleashed a Pandora's Box of BOTTOMLESS-PIT CORPORATE GREED that meant an all-out WAR on full-time workers---especially workers with benefits like health care or vested pensions.  At first, this just meant that greedy-gut corporate CEOs pushed their workers to strike so that they could then hire permanent PART-TIME replacements with no benefits---thus increasing those beloved "profit margins" but within a year or so, even our U.S. part-timers, with their minimum wage requirements, were considered "expendable" sacrifices for the profit-margin god, so...guess what?...an absolute FLOOD of illegal immigrants was allowed to occur during the Reagan/Bush-Bush-Quayle days so that the greed-driven fatcats could get workers too afraid of being deported to ever complain about working conditions or below-minimum-wage salaries. Still not satiated however, the cancer spread to the point where CEOs or executives like Bains and the investors they represented wanted to pay next to NOTHING to workers, get workers to put in more than 15 hours, and pay no benefits whatsoever (borderline SLAVE LABOR)---and so India and China became the desired destination for these economy-destroying greedy-guts.  Why?  The ANNUAL salary for a worker in India is a puny $300 a year!  They also work without any overtime pay at all, no matter how many hours they are required to put in for these exploiters.  China is the same.
President Obama has been taking some steps to reverse this outsourcing trend (whitehouse.gov and recovery.gov) and to end all subsidies for companies that undermine our own economy in pursuit of the expanded profit margins god.  He has also been cracking down on those hidden off-shore accounts that these fatcat greedy-guts use to dodge their responsibilities as American citizens to sustain our nation.  Romney is one of these off-shore account fatcats, and so is "the Donald" (Donald Trump).
2 weeks ago
1 person rated this as good
Asker's Rating:
