By Laura Meckler
Associated Press
Republican presidential candidate, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney pauses during a campaign event at the Somers Furniture warehouse in Las Vegas, Tuesday, May 29, 2012. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)
The Obama campaign is beginning what aides say will be a prolonged assault on Mitt Romney’s record as governor of Massachusetts, arguing that he was a poor steward of the state’s economy and that under his leadership, the state government expanded its size and its debt.
To bolster its case, the Obama campaign released a Web video early Thursday and planned a Thursday event in Boston featuring senior strategist David Axelrod and Massachusetts officials who served with Mr. Romney. That’s on top of a memo released Wednesday outlining the Obama bill of particulars against Mr. Romney’s record. The overall theme: Mr. Romney ran for governor as a job creator and let the state down, and now he’s making the same promises as he runs for president.
“Ten years ago, Mitt Romney told the people of Massachusetts that his experience in business uniquely qualified him to strengthen the state’s economy,” Mr. Axelrod wrote. “Now Romney’s back, making the same pitch to America that he did to the people of Massachusetts… It didn’t work then, and it won’t work now.”
The new video amplifies his message with a series of Romney sound bites from his 2002 gubernatorial campaign, where he promises he can create jobs because of his experience in the private sector. It then shows him making the same promises in his current presidential campaign, followed by interviews with local officials arguing that he failed to live up to his 2002 promises. Statistics bolstering the point are sprinkled in.
The most powerful statistic may be that under Mr. Romney, Massachusetts was 47th out of 50 states in job creation, down from 36th when he took office.
The Romney campaign is fighting back with its own bevy of statistics, painting a much rosier picture of his tenure. By the time Mr. Romney left office, a spokeswoman said, the state was creating jobs every month.
“This is another desperate attack from President Obama because he has no positive record to run on,” said spokeswoman Andrea Saul. She said Massachusetts did much better during Mr. Romney’s tenure as governor – from 2003 to 2007– than the nation has done under Mr. Obama’s leadership.
The Obama campaign notes that Mr. Romney was governor at a time when the overall economy was growing, whereas Mr. Obama inherited a recession. The Romney campaign argues Mr. Obama has failed to rescue the economy when it needed it most.
But the two men have something common: an imperative to frame their economic records in a positive light.
The Obama attack reflects one of the president’s strategies: cast the presidential election as a choice between two men and two records, rather than simply a referendum on Mr. Obama’s record as president Both campaigns believe that a referendum gives Mr. Romney the advantage since the economy remains sluggish.
So how Mr. Romney’s tenure as governor is seen matters, and the statistics flew between the campaigns’ Chicago and Boston headquarters late Wednesday afternoon. The Obama camp said median wages fell during Mr. Romney’s term. The Romney camp said per capita income rose. The Obama camp said that Massachusetts’ debt increased. The Romney camp retorted that it was worse before he got there.
An Obama campaign official said the campaign will pursue this line of attack aggressively over the coming months, comparing it to a sustained attack on Mr. Romney’s record atop Bain Capital, the private equity firm he co-founded.
