BBCW: Mitt Romney's Approval Rating as Massachusetts Governor Was Lower than Obama's Approval Rating
Friday, January 13, 2012
Mitt Romney's Approval Rating as Massachusetts Governor Was Lower than Obama's Approval Rating
Republicans love to retread their losers and try to push them up to a higher office. There's plenty of examples of that in my home state of Missouri from Ed Martin to Sarah Steelman. It appears Mitt Romney is another loser that Republicans are propping up in hopes to win the biggest prize of all in American politics.
Barack Obama's approval ratings have consistently been low once reality started setting in with voters. They have leveled out to the lower forties for most of his first term. Now with the opportunity to beat him and take over the government, the Republicans are doing the stupid things they are known for doing. They are trying to nominate an unpopular liberal Republican in hopes of beating the incumbent.
We already know Mitt Romney's past record of supporting abortion, gun control, raising taxes, growing government, and of course the failure known as Romneycare which increased the wait time for Massachusetts residents to see their doctors, but little has been said about Romney's approval rating as governor of Massachusetts.
Now the Republican establishment is telling us Mitt Romney is the only candidate that can beat Obama. The problem with that is Mitt Romney had a lower approval rating as governor of Massachusetts than Obama does today as President.
Just months before Governor Romney's first try at the GOP nomination, he left office in Massachusetts with a 65% disapproval rating. That means only 35% approved of the job Romney was doing. That is five to six points lower than Obama's approval rating, and yet we are told by the Republican establishment that Romney is the man to beat Obama.
My friends, when I went to school, if I missed 65% of anything, that meant I failed. In other words, the Republicans are sending a failed governor to the nomination at full speed. In fact, much like Matt Blunt in Missouri, things were so bad for Governor Romney that he didn't even bother trying to get a second term.
So in Romney, we have a failed Senate candidate that managed to win the governorship and in four years increased spending, grew government, and created the largest healthcare entitlement ever to end his first term with very low approval numbers. I ask again, why is the Republican party so intent on running the white Obama this year?
Like Obama, Romney's political resume is light, considering he was planning on running for president only a couple years into his first term--just like Obama in the Senate. Like Obama, Romney supported abortion rights, gun control, and cap and trade. The more you look at this election the more it appears voters will have to choose between basically the same.
Posted by Bungalow Bill
