reset
Obama ad hails 'Romneycare'
By choosing to emphasize his experience as a can-do businessman who ran the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics and Bain Capital, Romney is shielding himself from the charge that he’s a hidden centrist who passed the nation’s most sweeping local health care reform bill, supported abortion rights and closed tax loopholes for the rich.
( Also on POLITICO: Simon says businessmen make lousy presidents )
President Barack Obama’s campaign, for its part, is happy to hammer Romney for job losses at companies acquired by Bain — and to mock him for dodging what they cast as a lousy record as governor.
The result is one of the oddest political storylines in an oddball year. No candidate in modern history has so aggressively undersold what has been seen as the most desirable qualification for the presidency since the 1970s — running a state — nor downplayed a string of victories, tough calls and man-up moments that a typical politician would highlight in a heartbeat. Massachusetts, it seems, doesn’t pass Romney’s risk-vs.-reward test.
“I think it’s weird for him to talk about what he wants to do in government and not make reference to what he actually did in government, ” said Democrat Deval Patrick, the Bay State’s current governor, in a phone interview with POLITICO.
“He did one profoundly important thing, and nobody can take it away from him, and that’s health care reform — and he doesn’t want to talk about that,” added Patrick, who is close to Obama. “The impression he left with people here was he was more interested in having the job [of governor] than doing the job.”
In April, the Obama campaign released a video “congratulating” Romney on the sixth anniversary of the passage of the Massachusetts health law, which the governor touted as a “national model” at the time.
“On the campaign trail, what you say in one town can show up in the next. People have him recorded as promoting Massachusetts health reform, promoting it as a national model. And now he is saying he wants to tear down the very model that he was promoting,” John McDonough, a professor at the Harvard School of Public Health and a health care adviser on both the Massachusetts and Obama bills, said in the video.
The Romney campaign is clearly sensitive to such an attack — and it's not like he shuns mention of his old job altogether: His education speech Wednesday, for instance, leaned heavily on reforms he proposed in the Bay State.
“Gov. Romney is proud of his record and his leadership experience in both the private and public sectors,” said campaign spokesman Ryan Williams, a veteran of Romney’s gubernatorial days.
But when he references Massachusetts, he tends to do so in passing and almost never during the campaign moments that really matter, Democrats say.
His standard stump speech during the primaries focused on his childhood vacations in the family Rambler, his father’s hardscrabble childhood in Mexico and dozens of attacks on Obama’s record.
