June 4, 2012, 7:52 am
New Obama Ad Continues Focus on Romney’s Term as Governor
By MICHAEL D. SHEAR
President Obama continued his attacks on Mitt Romney ’s tenure as Massachusetts governor on Monday, releasing a new television ad that describes Mr. Romney’s economic record in the state as a failure.
The ad, titled “Heard It Before,” shows Mr. Romney saying that he speaks “the language of business.” But the ad cites newspaper articles which suggest that Mr. Romney presided over one of “the worst economic records in the country.”
“When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs,” the narrator says. “And fell to forty-seventh in job creation. Fourth from the bottom.”
Ben LaBolt, a spokesman for Mr. Obama, said the ad would run in nine battleground states. Mr. LaBolt said the amount of money being spent on the ad is “significant.”
A spokeswoman for Mr. Romney dismissed the ad as an effort by Mr. Obama to change the subject from the country’s economic condition during his watch.
“We’re happy to compare the 4.7 percent unemployment rate Mitt Romney achieved in Massachusetts to President Obama’s weak record any day,” said Andrea Saul, a spokeswoman, in a statement. “President Obama’s policies have failed to get Americans back to work – it’s time for a president who has worked in the real world economy and understands how to get this economy moving again.”
But Mr. Obama’s campaign shows little willingness to back away from their attacks on Mr. Romney’s record as governor. Last week, the campaign produced a Web video on the topic and held a related event on the steps of the Statehouse in Boston.
In an appearance on CBS’s “Face the Nation” on Sunday, David Axelrod , a senior adviser to Mr. Obama’s campaign, defended the approach.
“What we’re arguing is whether he’s qualified to call himself a job creator. That’s not what he did in his business. That’s not the purpose of his business, and it’s certainly not what he did in Massachusetts where they had one of the worst economic records in the country,” Mr. Axelrod said.
“So when you hold yourself out as an economical oracle and you say to people, ‘Trust me, I know how to move the country forward,’ and your record says something else, of course, you’re going to get challenged for that,” he added.
