By David Jackson , USA TODAY
Updated
Having criticized Mitt Romney's business record, President Obama's campaign will soon turn the spotlight on their opponent's record as governor of Massachusetts.
Expect a series of ads and other attacks saying that Romney made the same kinds of promises he is making now back before his single term in the statehouse, 2003-07.
"He sold the same hooey in MA ten years ago, and then turned in one of the worst performances of any gov in the USA," tweeted Obama political adviser David Axelrod. "47th in job creation."
ABC News reports that "Team Obama will point to Romney's rhetoric on job creation, size of  government, education, deficits and taxes during the 2002 gubernatorial  campaign and draw parallels with his presidential stump speeches of  2012. The goal is to illustrate that Romney has made the same promises  before with unimpressive results, officials say."
In addition, Obama and aides have served notice they will maintain attacks on Romney's record as the head of the private-equity firm Bain Capital.
A Romney aide said the unemployment rate in Massachusetts dipped to 4.7% on his watch, and that Obama's campaign is engaged in "desperate" attacks.
"Mitt Romney created more jobs in the state of  Massachusetts than President Obama has for the entire nation," said campaign spokesperson Andrea Saul. "President Obama  has failed to meet his own goal of 6% unemployment and has a net negative record  on job creation."
Jake Tapper of ABC also reports :
A 14-page research document compiled by the campaign and obtained by ABC News reveals the breadth of material Democrats plan to deploy, listing dozens of examples of Romney rhetoric and corresponding video clips from 2002, 2012, and the comparative "results in Massachusetts."
On jobs, for example, Romney pitched himself in 2002 as a conservative businessman who could right the economic ship after the tech bubble burst led to layoffs across the Bay State.  During a Boston debate, Romney said, "I have experience in the private sector building and creating thousands of good jobs, and I want to bring that skill for you here in Massachusetts" -- a theme he regularly reprises today.
But the Obama campaign notes, citing a report from the independent fact-checker Politifact, Massachusetts was 47th out of 50 states in job creation under Romney. In manufacturing jobs, Democrats point out, Romney presided over a net loss of 40,000 jobs, a drop of 12 percent according to Labor Department data.
PREVIOUS
