01/13/12 14:37:02
Tags : None
When Romney took office as Gov in 2003, Mass. faced a $3 billion deficit. By 2006 Mass. had a $600 million surplus.  The surplus was created by spending cuts, fee increases, and the closing of tax loopholes for corporations.  Romney supported increasing fees for such things as drivers, marriage  and gun licenses. A special gasoline retail fee was increased by two cents.  Under Romney, spending in Mass. was cut by $1.6 billion, which included aid to cities and towns as well as funding for higher education.  While the combined state & local tax burden in Mass. increased under Romney, it remained under the national average.
On health care, Romney rejected proposals by the Mass. legislature, including one proposal that would have created a new payroll tax.  Romney pushed successfully for an individual mandate at the state level with tax penalties for those who do not buy health insurance. Romneycare, as it has been labeled, also had means-tested subsidies for people below an income threshold who did not have adequate employer insurance.  The subsidies were paid by funds previously set aside to compensate for health costs of uninsured.  Romney vetoed a $295-per employee assessment on businesses that did not  provide health insurance. The veto was overridden by legislature.
Romney at first opposed gay marriage & civil unions but did agree to some domestic partnership benefits.  When the courts stepped in, Romney chose civil unions over gay marriage by backing an amendment of the state constitution.  Romney later abandoned support for the civil union amendment & endorsed a petition opposing both gay marriage and civil unions.
Romney vetoed a bill that would have expanded access to emergency  contraception in hospitals and pharmacies after becoming pro-life.  The veto was overridden by the legislature. 
I would not support a health care mandate if it was proposed in my  state. If other states want to do so, however, it is their choice.  Romney has stated that a mandate should be a state issue and not a national one. He would not support a national mandate.  This is compatible with conservative states rights arguments. 
The concept of the individual health insurance mandate originated in 1989 at the conservative Heritage Foundation.  In 1993, Republicans twice introduced health care bills that contained an individual health insurance mandate.  Advocates of the mandate in 1993 included Orrin Hatch (R-UT), Charles  Grassley (R-IA), Robert Bennett (R-UT), and Christopher Bond (R-MO).  In 2007, Democrats and Republicans introduced a bi-partisan bill in the U.S. Congress containing the mandate.  In 2008, then presidential candidate Barack Obama was opposed to the individual mandate.  So, in 2006, when Romneycare became law in Mass., individual mandates wasn't an obviously liberal idea.
With the projected deficits Mass. was facing, I can't blame Romney for increasing some fees and some taxes.  Conservatives need to remember that even Ronald Reagan raised taxes once -- during his second term.
As Gov. Romney followed in the footsteps of William Weld, Paul Cellucci & Jane Swift.  In the same mold, he sought to restrain spending and taxes, be tolerant on social issues, to protect the environment, be tough on crime and try to appear post-partisan.  That mold would not work in many other, more conservative states, but Mass. is clearly not like  other states. Many of Mitt's conservative vetoes were overridden.
Mitt Romney has said that learning from experience and changing views accordingly is a virtue.  He has said, "The older I get, the smarter Ronald Reagan gets."
Daniel Gross suggests that Romney's political approach is like that of many successful business executives.  successful executives do not hold firm to public stances over long  periods of time, but rather constantly devise new strategies and plans in order to deal with new geographical regions and ever-changing market conditions.  Ryan Lizza has said, "While giving customers exactly what they want may be normal in the corporate world, it can be costly in politics."  Robert Draper has added, "The Romney curse was this: His strength lay in his adaptability. In governance, this was a virtue; in a political race, it was an invitation to be called a phony."
Sources:
