Facebook Twitter Digg delicious reddit MySpace StumbleUpon LinkedIn
March 18, 2012|By the CNN Political Unit
Mitt Romney will handily win Sunday's Republican presidential primary in Puerto Rico, CNN projects, based on vote results obtained from local party and election officials.
At 10:35 p.m. ET, with about 52% of total ballots accounted for, the former Massachusetts governor had a substantial lead with more than 61,000 votes -- or 83% of the vote.
Rick Santorum was a distant second, at 8% with slightly more than 5,600 votes.
The other two candidates, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Texas Rep. Ron Paul, were further behind with 2% and 1% of the vote, respectively.
Advertisement
Speaking at a rally Sunday night in Vernon Hills, Illinois, Romney said that Puerto Rican voters were clear about which of the four candidates "most represent their feelings" -- and especially their desire to nominate someone who can bring about a stronger economy and smaller government. He said his party can appeal to Latinos, and win the presidency, with a low-tax, pro-business message.
"Those people who don't think that Latinos will vote for a Republican need to take a look in Puerto Rico," said the former Massachusetts governor, noting that the territory's governor and its legislative leaders are conservative.
"Hispanic voters are going to vote for Republicans if we stand for something -- conservative principles that bring growth and good jobs and rising home values. That's how we're going to win, and we're going to get Latino voters to help us out."
Results from the commonwealth of Puerto Rico
Romney had entered the contest in Puerto Rico as the favorite. He was largely backed by the island government's political establishment, including Gov. Luis Fortuno, who campaigned with Romney last week.
By winning the territory, Romney will be awarded 20 delegates, according to a CNN projection.
Given that, CNN's latest delegate estimates show Romney with 518 delegates to Santorum's 239. Gingrich is 100 delegates behind Santorum, and Paul, the libertarian champion, has 69 delegates. To secure the nomination, 1,144 delegates are needed.
Santorum, the former Pennsylvania senator, wasn't conceding anything last week as he campaigned on the island Wednesday and Thursday.
He and the other candidates, however, were on the mainland Sunday vying for support in the still tumultuous GOP race.
Follow the delegate count at CNN.com's Election Center
Specifically, Santorum was in Louisiana, where he is expected to win the primary there on Saturday.
1
