Santorum
Romney, eager to keep expectations low, spent little time campaigning here this year. Now he is confident enough about his prospects that he is stumping across the state through the final days.
Romney's rationale for his candidacy is similar to the one he made in 2008: that he has the business background and the leadership attributes to move the country in a better direction.
"I have seen how jobs come and how they go," he said. "I have succeeded and I have failed, and learned from those experiences in the private sector. I took that experience to the Olympics and helped turn the games of 2002 around. I took that experience to Massachusetts as governor. …
"Those experiences in the private sector distinguish me from others who spent their lives in politics. Nothing wrong with politics. It's just not the background needed to get Washington thinking outside the political box."
That's an implicit reference to former House speaker Newt Gingrich .
Romney may be faring better than in 2008 because the nation's economic woes have made his business expertise more attractive to voters. Concern about joblessness and the deficit also may be overshadowing some issues such as abortion on which he has changed position.
Today, he contrasts his vision of an "opportunity society" with what he portrays as President Obama's "entitlement society."
"I want to restore the fundamental American principles of freedom and opportunity that made America the most powerful economic engine in the world," Romney said. "I know what it takes … to get America back on track."
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
| Updated
USA TODAY is now using Facebook Comments on our stories and blog posts to provide an enhanced user experience. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then "Add" your comment. To report spam or abuse, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find out more, read the FAQ and Conversation Guidelines . 
 
