OFA takes over the front page of the Boston Globe website to spread the message of Romney’s failures in MA:
This morning on NBC Today, David Axelrod said:  “I think people need to know what the facts are, the facts of where we’ve been over the last three years… and the facts of Governor Romney. He offers himself as an economic guru and savior off of his experience in business. And when he was governor of this state, this state was 47th in job creation. He created huge new debt here – debt went up 16 percent. Incomes went down while… around the country incomes were going up. His was a record of failure… The Boston Globe said that it was one of the worst economic records in the country. And people need to know that because this is the sole basis on which he is running for president.”—
Video
And current MA Governor Deval Patrick said “I’m here on behalf of the people of Massachusetts and the successor, myself, of Governor Romney. And I can tell you, he sold to the people of Massachusetts when he was running for governor the same lines he’s trying to sell to the United States and it just didn’t happen that way… He told us he would be about creating more jobs. We were 47th out of 50 in job creation during his time in office. He said that he would shrink government and make it more efficient. In fact, government grew in size in terms of the workforce. He told us he would bring fiscal discipline and left a structural deficit of over a billion dollars. So the record, which is relevant and indeed his only experience in public leadership, in government leadership, doesn’t point to the case he’s trying to sell to the American people today.”
Video
Ametia was on a conference call with the former Mayor of North Adams for 26 years, MA   John Barrett.  He revealed on the call that then Gov. Romney never came to the city of North Adams, NOT ONCE.  He disengaged from the political/government support system and worked from a strictly business stance.  you can hear John Barrett tell his full story here on C-Span.   ”Mitt Romney’s Economic Record as Massachusetts Governor Examined”
See, Corey Booker; this is how REAL Obama SURROGATES ROLL.
Like this:
One blogger likes this.
About Ametia
I am a Spiritual traveler, a devoted wife, mother, sister, lover of dream study, reading, theater, music, dance, and thought-provoking discussions on love, life, humor and service.
