Erika Lovley Moderator :
POLITICO’s Glenn Thrush reports that Mitt Romney is consistently avoiding discussions about his time served as governor of Massachusetts. 
Even though he passed a sweeping local health care reform bill, supported abortion rights and closed tax loopholes for the rich, Romney has chosen instead to highlight his time as a business man who ran the Salt Lake City Olympics and Bain Capital.  Current Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick called the situation “weird” and the Obama campaign in April released a video mocking Romney’s avoidance of his Bay State history.
Is Romney wise to let his sometimes-centrist Massachusetts career go by the wayside? Or is he missing a chance to highlight some of his key political victories?
Ex-RNC Chair Michael S. Steele Former RNC chairman and Maryland lieutenant governor :
It’s always better to define your success (and failures) before your enemies do. And the Obama team is lining up to define the hell out Mitt Romney. The Bain narrative is just the beginning. Making a caricature of Mitt Romney a la the Swift Boat ads from 2004 will become summer sport.
But Romney has some bragging rights as governor of Massachusetts and he should use them. Avoiding his record makes it easier for the Obama team to label it and him as “weird” or “out of touch” or the dreaded “moderate” or “centrist”.
I think Romney and his team need to trust the voters to properly contextualize his accomplishments (starting with his getting elected governor) in a state like Massachusetts - for those who seem to forget, Massachusetts is NOT South Carolina - so that they get a better understanding of his leadership, the things he values and why what he offers will make a difference for them.
Given that Independent voters in particular are not locked-in yet, I believe they will view his leadership and governance more favorably than some seem to think (or hope). But of course, for that to happen, Romney will have to define Romney first.
Ex-Rep. Philip English Former member of Congress (R-Pa.), Co-Chair of Government Relations at Arent Fox LLP :
In a presidential campaign, message discipline is a virtue.
As with Ronald Reagan, Gov. Romney’s record as chief executive in Massachusetts is an essential part of his resume, but a small part of his core message on the key issue of the campaign: jobs and the economy.  Romney’s record in Massachusetts is solid, conservative, and demonstrates a clear understanding of governance.  His private sector credentials are the critical thread in his messaging, and Team Obama’s frantic efforts to discredit his portfolio as a job creator reflect this. 
Mitt Romney’s governorship will be a major asset to his campaign as it revisits his ability to balance budgets and work across party lines with a hostile legislature, but it would be a distraction from his key narrative.
Ex-St. Rep. David Orentlicher Former Indiana state representative (D); professor, Indiana University :
At a time when the public is greatly disillusioned with a government bogged down in gridlock, it is very useful for Mitt Romney to run as an outsider who can get things done.
In addition, Romney's path to the White House has to be based on public concerns about the economy and the belief that he will do a better job than Barack Obama on job growth. Discussing other issues only diverts voters' attention from the issue that Romney wants them to focus on. Finally, Romney can't highlight issues that will alienate his base and blur the distinctions with Obama.
David Polyansky President, New Strategies Group :
In today's troubling economic climate it should not be at all surprising that Mitt Romney is focusing his campaign message on his proven record of business accomplishments as well as his ability to dramatically turn around the fortunes of a large, complex and failing enterprise, as was the case with the Salt Lake Olympics.
While he certainly should not or will not be able to ignore his four year term as a governor, Mitt Romney and his team are effectively positioning him as the candidate with the ability, vision and experience to turn around our economy and clean up our bloated federal government - the very issues that voters themselves are pointing to as their own priorities. 
Thomas E. Fiedler Dean, Boston University College of Communication :
There is a story - relevant here - that when Franklin D. Roosevelt was campaigning for president in 1932 he delivered a speech in Pittsburgh citing the importance of a balanced budget.  After his election, when it became apparent to him that the only way to pull the nation out of the Depression was through massive federal spending, he proposed a budget that required huge deficits well into the future.
When a horrified aide saw this, he went to FDR and asked, “What about the speech you gave about balanced budgets?”  To which FDR replied:  “I’ll deny I was ever in Pittsburgh.”  Romney seems to be following that advice.  Before long he’ll be denying he was ever in Massachusetts.
Permalink
Ford O'Connell Republican consultant and chairman of CivicForumPAC :
Mitt Romney should certainly talk about his record as governor of Massachusetts. There are plenty of positives there. Romney reduced a massive state budget deficit, lowered unemployment while increasing wages and helped to improve one of the best elementary and secondary public school education systems in the country. Romney accomplished all of this during the dot-com bust and while working across the aisle with one of the nation’s most liberal state legislatures.
That said, Mitt Romney should not go down this path until he has solidified his personal narrative as a successful manager and turnaround artist who is adept at cleaning up giant messes as evidenced by his record at Bain Capital and as head of the Salt Lake City Winter Olympic Games.
Permalink
Rachel Racusen Vice President, SKDKnickerbocker; former Communications Director for Democrats on the House Education and Labor Committee :
Romney shying away from his record in Massachusetts is like someone going into a job interview and not highlighting the most relevant experience on their resume.
Although his advisors may argue otherwise, voters still want to know who Romney is, how he leads in public office and what his agenda is. What he did as governor of Massachusetts provides the strongest answers to those questions - and the fact that he won’t embrace and defend his record is deeply troubling.
Romney’s identity crisis continues - he can’t figure out if he wants to pander to the growing extremist faction of his party or appeal to moderate and independent voters. This will keep causing problems for him throughout the campaign. Voters want a leader with the confidence to stand by their entire resume, even if they changed their positions or approaches over the years.
Permalink
Alan Schroeder Professor of Journalism, Northeastern University :
Mitt Romney has a complicated relationship with Massachusetts. To those of us who live here, Gov. Romney was always something of a non-entity. He did not inspire hatred, the way Scott Walker, Rick Scott, and John Kasich do, but he wasn’t exactly popular - or even particularly visible, especially when compared to predecessors like Michael Dukakis and William Weld.
It was pretty well understood that Romney viewed his tenure in the State House primarily as a launching pad to higher office. With his eyes on a different prize, he never quite seemed to settle into the job. Perhaps this has something to do with Romney’s reticence in talking about Massachusetts - apart from health care reform, his governorship simply wasn’t that vivid.
Permalink
Rodell Mollineau President, American Bridge 21st Century :
Mitt Romney is keen to avoid discussing his time as Massachusetts' governor because to do so would require an explanation why the state was 47th of 50 in job creation during his tenure. For all the job creation experience he claims to possess from the private sector, his only opportunity in the public sector proved a failure.
Permalink
Jamie Chandler Political scientist at Hunter College :
Mitt Romney has boxed himself n in with his de-emphasis on his time as Massachusetts governor. But this is driven primarily by the GOP’s shift to the right over the past two years.  It’s difficult for Romney to build support with social conservatives and the tea party when he was successful in passing health care reform, strengthening abortion rights, and closing tax loopholes for the wealthy. These are all Democratic Party goals.
However, we must also factor in that Romney was required to campaign further to the right during the primaries. He will most certainly move to the center as the general election approaches, but he’ll also have to do this strategically. As of know, his placing his centrist career as Massachusetts governor to the wayside presents a strong attack opportunity from the Obama camp. Which is why Gov. Deval Patrick and other Obama surrogates are bringing it up.
Whether or not moderation is successful depends on to what degree Republican voters coalesce around his nomination. Social conservative leaders are beginning to come out firmly in support of his election, but primary turnout is significantly lower than 2008. Although the last presidential season was more competitive, 1.5 million fewer Republicans voted this year. And Romney core support rests in metropolitan areas: President Obama’s turf He’s going to need to mobilize rural voters if he hopes to beat President Obama, because its these voters who drove the election of George Bush in 2000 and 2004, not to mention helped give the GOP control of the House in 2010.
Romney also has to play to the right to build his relations with key fundraisers. If his pattern of spending much more for votes than the other Republican candidates persists, he’s going to need huge cash infusions from donors.  Romney spent over $30 per vote compared to Santorum’s $8.  Romney’s must not shy away from his Massachusetts successes. Voters like executive experience. If he can effectively couple his business and political background, he’ll make a strong case for his future presidency. He’s made some solid gains in his swing state ranking swing states, and he’ll want to continue this momentum.
 
Darrell M. West Vice President, Governance Studies, Brookings :
Romney’s record in Massachusetts should be part of his argument why he has the experience and knowledge to be president. 
In many respects, he was a successful governor operating in a difficult political environment.  He had several notable policy successes that speak to his ability to solve problems.  He has run a large government, which will be helpful should it make it to the White House.  It is only in the crazy atmosphere of 2012 that these virtues are considered to be political vices.
Permalink
Christine Pelosi Attorney, author and Democratic activist :
If you were a dismal 47th out of 50 in job creation you wouldn't want to talk about your record either.
But Romney can't hide from Massachusetts forever -  he will have to explain why his Bain experience did not translate into jobs. And if Bain CEO Mitt Romney couldn't create jobs as governor how can he create them as president?
This avoidance strategy won't last too long. Even if the media continues to let Romney slide on his record,once the Supreme Court upholds his healthcare mandate embedded in ObamaCare, we'll all be talking RomneyCare.
Jonathan Riehl Communications consultant and speechwriter :
Romney might be wise to do so, at least from a short-term standpoint - as time wears on, people will hopefully see through his blatant evasiveness. As his interview with Time's Mike Halperin showed, Romney is relentlessly set on deflecting questions about himself to questions about the president.
Not only does Romney refuse to discuss his record as governor, he refuses to discuss anything specific about his much longer tenure at Bain Capital. Halperin now joins the growing pool of journalists who have learned that they get to ask the questions, but Romney answers them the way he wants (as the candidate himself put it).
When it comes to messaging, we are seeing that Romney follows orders - at least when he's not talking about less important matters, such as the height of trees in Michigan. His advisors are checking the numbers and see that this election is only winnable if it framed as a referendum on Obama and not a choice between the two, so don't look forward to any substantive discussion of Romney's policy record or private sector portfolio. At least as long as the Frank Luntz types are ordering up his vapid talking points.
Christopher Hahn Democratic consultant; FOX News contributor :
Romney is trying to play the tired tune that he's not a politician.  No one buys it. 
He avoids his record in Massachusetts to pretend he's a businessman candidate and not the professional politician he is.  This is just another in the long list of less than honest assertions this overly ambitious, morally flexible candidate has offered.  
His business experience didn't help him create jobs in Massachusetts.  His serious conservatism didn't stop him from instituting an individual mandate and supporting reproductive freedom as governor.  Exploring his record in office shows he will do, say or be anything to get elected.  How can anyone believe anything he says?
Permalink
Garry South Democratic consultant, The Garry South Group :
Romney's only governmental experience was serving as governor of Massachusetts. But his record there in some major respects conflicts with and contradicts his campaign meme that he was a "severely conservative" governor.
Plus, if you were parading around as a job-creator, and the state you governed was 47th out of 50 in job creation, would you want to be highlighting that? But not to worry, by the time Obama gets done, Romney's Massachusetts record will be fully vetted.
Permalink
David B. Cohen Associate professor of political science, The University of Akron :
The Romney campaign seems intent on emphasizing Mitt Romney’s time as a venture capitalist with Bain rather than his time as chief executive of a large Northeastern state (of course, no else is supposed to talk about Romney’s time with Bain).
His reticence to highlight his years as Massachusetts governor is indicative of the Romney campaign’s fear of alienating the Republican base who loathe the more moderate actions and policies of Governor Romney. The Romney campaign is reluctant to reminding social and religious conservatives that he was once a supporter of abortion rights and creator of Romneycare upon which the Affordable Care Act is in part based.
So…if Romney is left to campaign without touting his record as governor, he must campaign as the candidate from Bain. The question is: will his record as a venture capitalist capture the hearts and minds of independent voters? The answer is probably not, especially when independent voters, who are largely not paying attention right now, realize that the purpose of a venture capitalist is to make money - lots of it - for investors, and not to create jobs, a top priority for most Americans in 2012.
And when these same voters come to realize that Romney’s job creation consists primarily of the stablemen who care for his horses, the domestic help caring for his several homes, and the workers installing elevators for his numerous automobiles, they may switch their allegiance to his opponent faster than you can transfer money into a Cayman Islands bank account.
Josh Nanberg Democratic strategist :
The Strange Case of Governor Romney and Mittster Hide just shows how disingenuous Romney really is.
Gov. Romney passed a health care reform bill with an individual mandate. It was the centerpiece of his 2008 campaign. Mittster Hide believes a health care reform bill with an individual mandate is about the worst thing that could have happened to this country. Gov. Romney supported abortion rights. Then didn't. Then did again. Then didn't. 
Mittster Hide supported a "Personhood Amendment" to shore up his "conservative" support. Pre-governor (then Senate Candidate) Romney told the Massachusetts LGBT community he'd be a stronger voice for gay rights than Ted Kennedy. Mittster Hide writes checks to the National Organization for Marriage, an organization that continually demonizes the LGBT community and is fighting to write discrimination into state constitutions.
Gov. Romney was proud to call Massachusetts his home - even fighting back a court challenge to his residency in order to stay on the ballot. Mittster Hide seems to claim most of America as his "home state," just not the one he governed.
Romney has backed himself into a corner. The so-called moderate who ran Massachusetts would have been a formidable opponent in a general election. But the Governor's split personality only serves to emphasize his inability to stick to his guns on any issue. The liability for Romney isn't his record as governor of Massachusetts - that guy would be a formidable opponent. The liability is his rhetoric as a candidate for president.
If Gov. Romney is willing to cast off all he believed in and all he accomplished in favor of the ambiguous and constantly shifting positions of Mittster Hide, imagine the horrors that will come from his stewardship of the country.
Michael Parkin Assistant Professor of Politics, Oberlin College :
It is "weird" that Romney has not said more about his time as governor of Massachusetts.  
It seems like he could win over some moderate voters by highlighting his successes there.  However, it is also quite telling that the Obama campaign has yet to say much about Romney's time as governor.  If the Obama team starts to attack Romney's record in Massachusetts, they may cause Romney to start talking about things that appeal to middle-of-the-road voters. This could turn into a bizarre chess match with a number of unexpected moves. 
Jason Huff Democratic consultant :
Mitt Romney does not see his life as an opus that weaves all the chapters together to create a story of accomplishment, but as his spokesman said, an Etch-A-Sketch, which he can shake up and create whatever he thinks his audience wants it to be that day.
For a "seasoned" politician, Romney does not seem to get that it is readily transparent that he is trying to hide a huge part of his public life.  Why would he not advertise the fact that he was elected as a Republican in what is traditionally a blue state?  Would that not show that he could be a leader for an entire nation, and not just extreme factions?  
He doesn't do it because he is not a leader.  Mitt Romney has never been tested.  He doesn't talk about his time in Massachusetts because he is not, and never will be, a public servant.  He's a devoutly religious Gordon Gecko: he truly believes greed is good, but, as has been proven by Republicans before him, greed doesn't work.
Sandy Maisel Professor of government, Colby College :
Romney’s record as governor does not help him with the GOP base. 
It might help with some Republican-leaning independents who echo the now-familiar refrain, “The best thing about Romney is that you know he really does not mean what he is saying.”  But they will look to that record in any case, because many of them are just looking for a reason to vote against Obama.  I do not see how Obama is helped by highlighting Romney’s gubernatorial record.  No one is going to vote for Obama because they think Romney was too moderate as governor.  Some may not vote, but most of those are in solid Red states in any case.
Dewey Clayton Professor of Political Science, University of Louisville :
Gov. Romney should not be running away from his record as governor of Massachusetts. 
For him to do so, in my opinion, ties into the larger narrative that it is difficult to determine who Romney is and what he stands for.  By his failure to every talk about his term as Massachusetts governor, he is missing an opportunity to add to his resume as not only being a business leader but also someone who has experience governing. 
By failure to highlight his accomplishments as governor, Romney leaves himself open to criticism by all who may question what he has to hide.
Permalink
David Biespiel American poet, president of the Attic Institute :
He's avoiding it so much he's not even going to campaign there or compete to win its electoral votes. If that isn't an illustration of running away from your record as governor, I don't know what is.
