PEACH BASKET NEWS BRIEFS: JUNE 28, 2012
• 2006 MITT ROMNEY PRAISES SUPREME COURT HEALTH CARE RULING
BOSTON—Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, speaking from 2006, lauded the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling Thursday upholding the individual health care mandate.
“With regards to the mandate, the individual responsibility program which I proposed, I was very pleased to see that the court made the appropriate ruling,” said the then-59-year-old Romney. “That is essential for bringing healthcare costs down for everyone and getting everybody the health insurance they deserve and need. So I was very, very pleased with that development.” 
This Sunday, 2006 Romney is scheduled to discuss and debate the issue with his current self on CBS’ “Face The Nation.”
• UNEMPLOYED BOULDER MAN SUDDENLY BECOMES CONSTITUTIONAL LAW EXPERT ON FACEBOOK
BOULDER—Unemployed 28-year-old Paul Schneider surprised his Facebook friends Thursday by posting several lengthy posts on the Supreme Court’s bombshell ruling upholding the individual mandate for health care.
“So glad that [Chief] Justice [John] Roberts totally got it right,” wrote Schneider, who dropped out of Front Range Community College in 2005 and has never previously indicated any interest in constitutional law. “I think the health care law is supported by the commerce claus [sic], but Roberts cut through the partisan bullshit and saw that Congress also has the power to levy taxes.”
Facebook friend Brittney Meacham said Schneider, a former Jimmy John’s co-worker, usually sticks to posting YouTube videos of classic rock songs and quizzes on the number of countries he’s visited and beers he’s tasted.
“I tried reading his first few posts just because I was surprised he might know so much about the health care thing,” Meacham said. “But now I’m thinking about just unsubscribing him from my news feed.”
As of Thursday afternoon, Schneider had made no public statements on Facebook indicating that he had done any thinking about how he would have to purchase health insurance for himself should he remain uncovered when the individual mandate takes effect in 2014.
By: Nick Tarine
