 
The Romney Record
A Look at Governor Mitt Romney's Record as Governor of         Massachusetts as it Relates to the Gun Owners and Sportsmen of Our State
Prepared    by: Gun Owners’ Action League (GOAL) - February 2007
Mitt Romney was Governor of Massachusetts from January 2, 2003 – January 4, 2007
 
General Comments
In the first months of the Romney  administration the Governor isolated himself to all but a handful of close  advisors most of whom came from the business community. This caused the Governor  to make some rather serious political missteps that could have been avoided  through better communications. However, relations dramatically improved and in  the end, GOAL had more access to this administration than any other since the  days of Governor Ed King in 1979.
The two major events that eventually led to  this improved relationship were the raid on the Inland Fisheries & Game Fund in  2003 and a botched press conference/bill signing in 2004. Both situations are  outlined in this report.
While at the time these events greatly angered  GOAL members, the result was much improved access to the Governor’s office and  his staff. During the following years, senior level Romney staffers met on a  monthly basis with GOAL’s Executive Director to discuss and work on any issues  relevant to GOAL’s members. This should not be taken as an indication that GOAL  “controlled” the corner office, but rather that a very good working relationship  was developed that benefited both parties.
Legislation: During the Romney  Administration, no anti-Second Amendment or anti-sportsmen legislation made its  way to the Governor’s desk.
Governor Romney did sign five pro-Second  Amendment/pro-sportsmen bills into law. His administration also worked with Gun  Owners’ Action League and the Democratic leadership of the Massachusetts House  and Senate to remove any anti-Second Amendment language from the Gang Violence  bill passed in 2006. A summary of this legislation follows.
Budgetary: In the Governor’s first  year, he made a political error when he submitted a budget that did away with  the Inland Fisheries & Game Fund . (More of this is explained below.) Fortunately, after this matter  was resolved, GOAL was able to establish better communications with the  Governor’s office. In working with the legislature and the Governor we were able  to restore the Fund and increase the money released from it to better manage the Division of Fisheries and Wildlife. Over the next three years, GOAL was also successful in getting some “capital  revenue” released to acquire land for the Division.
Regulations: During his administration,  the Executive Office of Public Safety passed a new regulation providing free  replacement of firearm licenses to those who had them stolen or lost. (A  resident license fee in Massachusetts at that time was $100 every 6 years.)  Prior to this new regulation a citizen would have to repeat the entire  application process and pay the whole fee to acquire a replacement license.
Policy: His administration conducted a  review of the state’s Environmental  Police agency (Game Wardens). One major concern was to keep in place the  hiring requirement that officers needed to have some environmental education  background not strictly law enforcement. This was a policy that GOAL worked to  support.
Fees: In 2003 Governor Romney filed  budgetary language to raise firearm license fees from $25 to $75. That year the  legislature actually raised them to $100 in the General Appropriations bill ( Section  34 of Chapter 140 of the Acts of 2003 ). At that time a resident license was  good for 4 years. In 2004 a law was passed increasing the license term to 6  years.
In 2005, Governor Romney waived the  administrative fees for the Natural Heritage and  Endangered Species Fund . The state currently charges these fees that were as  much as 36% a year. Gun Owners’ Action League worked with environmental  organizations to urge the Governor to temporarily waive the fees until permanent  legislation could be passed to do away with the fees all together.
Appointments: One of the agencies that  GOAL watches very closely is the Division of Fisheries and Wildlife . This agency is run by a strong seven-person board . The appointments to this board are spread out over  several years so that drastic changes cannot be made to it in any given year.  During his administration, Governor Romney made five appointments to this board.  All of the individuals appointed to the board were supported by GOAL.
Proclamations: During his  administration, Governor Romney issued a proclamation declaring May 7, 2005 as  “The Right to Bear Arms Day”. The proclamation was issued on this date to  coincide with GOAL’s Annual Banquet.
* It should be noted for readers of this  report that are not familiar with Massachusetts politics that the titles of the  legislation do not always reflect the intent. For instance the bill entitled “An  Act Further Regulating Certain Weapons” was actually a pro-Second Amendment bill  that began the process of reforming the state’s gun laws.
Chapter 101 of  the Acts of 2003: An Act Relative to the Inland Fisheries and Game Fund
In Mitt Romney’s  first budget as governor in 2003 he proposed that the state do away with all of  the “minor funds” within the state’s accounting system. At the time there were  around 80 or so minor funds dealing with all sorts of government programs. The  Massachusetts House and Senate followed suit.
As a result of this  the Inland Fisheries and  Game Fund , considered a "minor fund", was done away with and all the money  was diverted into the General Fund in an attempt to balance the state budget.  The Inland Fisheries and Game Fund is where all of the sporting license fees  (hunting, fishing, trapping, etc.) are deposited. Unknowingly the Governor had  touched what is referred to as a “Third Rail” in politics.
The Inland Fisheries  and Game Fund is considered to be sacred among sportsmen, conservationists and  environmentalist in Massachusetts. The Fund, which was created by sportsmen,  accounts for over 90% of the review that our Fish & Wildlife Agency operates on.  The dedicated Fund was also necessary under federal law if the state wanted to  take advantage of matching money from the federal government.
As a result of the  action, a coalition of sportsmen, conservationists and environmentalist formed  the Massachusetts Conservation Alliance (MCA) to rescue the fund. After several  months of lobbying the legislature and the Governor’s office, the MCA was  successful in the re-instatement of the Inland Fisheries and Game Fund. The  Governor signed the re-instatement legislation into law in October of 2003.
Chapter 150 of  the Acts of 2004: An Act Further Regulating Certain Weapons
This is a perfect  example of don’t believe in titles. The bill was the greatest victory for gun  owners since the passage of the gun control laws in 1998 ( Chapter  180 of the Acts of 1998 ). It was a reform bill totally supported by GOAL.  Press and media stories around the country got it completely wrong when claimed  the bill was an extension of the “assault weapon” ban that had sunset at the  federal level. They could not have been more wrong. Unfortunately for the  Governor, someone had also wrongly briefed him about the bill. As a result the  Lt. Governor and the Governor made statements at the bill signing ceremony that  angered GOAL members. The following is what the bill actually did:
1.      Established the Firearm License Review Board (FLRB) . The 1998 law created new criteria for  disqualifying citizens for firearms licenses that included any misdemeanor  punishable by more than two years even if no jail time was ever served.
For instance, a  first conviction of operating a motor vehicle under the influence would result  in the loss of your ability to own a handgun for life and long guns for a  minimum of five years. This Board is now able to review cases under limited  circumstances to restore licenses to individuals who meet certain criteria.
2.      Mandated that a minimum of $50,000 of the licensing fees be used for the  operation of the FLRB so that the Board would not cease operating under budget  cuts.
3.      Extended the term of the state’s firearm licenses from 4 years to 6  years.
4.      Permanently attached the federal language concerning assault weapon  exemptions in 18 USC 922 Appendix A to the Massachusetts assault weapons laws. This is the part that the  media misrepresented.
In 1998 the  Massachusetts legislature passed its own assault weapons ban ( MGL  Chapter 140, Section 131M ). This ban did not rely on the federal language  and contained no sunset clause. Knowing that we did not have the votes in 2004  to get rid of the state law, we did not want to loose all of the federal  exemptions that were not in the state law so this new bill was amended to  include them.
5.      Re-instated a 90 day grace period for citizens who were trying to renew  their firearm license. Over the past years, the government agencies in charge  had fallen months behind in renewing licenses. At one point it was taking  upwards of a year to renew a license. Under Massachusetts law, a citizen cannot  have a firearm or ammunition in their home with an expired license.
6.      Mandated that law enforcement must issue a receipt for firearms that are  confiscated due to an expired license. Prior to this law, no receipts were given  for property confiscated which led to accusations of stolen or lost firearms  after they were confiscated by police.
7.      Gave free license renewal for law enforcement officers who applied  through their employing agency.
8.      Changed the size and style of a firearm license to that of a driver’s  license so that it would fit in a normal wallet. The original license was 3” x  4”.
9.      Created stiffer penalties for armed home invaders.
Chapter 137 of  the Acts of 2005: An Act Relative to a Loaded Shotgun or Rifle
Prior to this bill  passing there were two different laws on the books in Massachusetts that defined  what a loaded muzzle loader was. This bill corrected the language in the laws so  that now both provide that if the priming device is removed, the muzzle loader  is considered unloaded. Although this bill sounds like a “no brainer” it took  nearly 5 years to pass.
Chapter 137 of  the Acts of 2006: An Act Removing Automatic Qualifications for Certain Licenses
The Hunter  Education bill, S.469, was signed into law by Governor Mitt Romney on July 6,  2006.
The new law will  require that all first time hunters complete a hunter education course prior to  being issued a hunting or sporting license. This was already the law prior to  very confusing language that was passed in SECTION 7 of Chapter 180 of  the Acts of  1998 . GOAL successfully had an amendment included to amend  the bill to “grandfather” anyone who has been issued a license prior to January  1, 2007.
Chapter 177 of  the Acts of 2006: An Act Further Regulating the Use of Target Shooting Weapons
As part of the  1998 law the Massachusetts legislature passed severe restrictions on the sale of  handguns in Massachusetts by creating an absurd list of testing requirements  that all handguns must be subjected to before being eligible for sale in the  state. At the same time, the Massachusetts  Attorney General’s office fraudulently used the consumer protection laws of  the state to do the same thing. Because of these actions, high grade target  pistols could not be sold in Massachusetts. This bill addressed that issue.
This is what the new law does:
Provides that any   firearm lawfully owned or possessed under a license issued under this   chapter on or before October 21, 1998 would be exempt from the testing   criteria. This language was passed into law in Section 79 of   the Acts of 1998 , but was never actually placed into the statutes. This   law now established this exemption in Chapter 140.
Instructs the Executive Office of Public Safety , with the advice of the Gun Control   Advisory Board , to create a list of formal target shooting firearms that   shall be exempt from the testing criteria. This process will be similar to   how the approved roster works.
EOPS passed 501 CMR 9.00 a regulation to  provide free replacement licenses.
During his  administration, the Executive Office of Public Safety approved a new regulation  providing free replacement firearm licenses to those who had them stolen or  lost. (A resident license fee in Massachusetts at that time was $100 every 6  years.) Prior to this regulation being created a citizen would have to repeat  the entire application process and pay the entire fee to acquire a replacement  license.
Chapter 48 of the  Acts of 2006: An Act Reducing Gang Violence (Section 6 – committing or  concealing a crime)
Although this  particular legislation was not a GOAL bill, we list it here because there were  several anti-Second Amendment sections in the original draft. The legislative  sponsors of the bill, GOAL, and the Romney administration all worked together to  remove any bad sections. We were successful in doing so and actually came up  with some new language that more effectively went after the criminal element.
 
Share
 
*This page is made possible by the membership of GOAL and  their generous donations. If you found this page helpful please Join - Support - Donate to GOAL .
 
