In late April, Mr. Gingrich said he would quit the race and endorse Mr. Romney .
Mr. Gingrich  officially suspended his campaign in early May and (kind of) endorsed Mr. Romney. He said he preferred Mr. Romney to President Obama . But that was as far as he would go toward suggesting that people ought to vote for Mr. Romney.
Read More...
In the run-up to the primary season and in the early contests, Mr. Romney saw a number of challengers surge briefly past him in the polls, including Donald Trump, Representative Michele Bachmann of Minnesota, Gov. Rick Perry of Texas and Herman Cain, a former pizza company executive, only to fall out of contention.
Mr. Romney was initially described as the winner of the Iowa caucuses, only to see a recount award that to Mr. Santorum. He won handily in New Hampshire, then was beaten in South Carolina by Newt Gingrich, the former speaker of the House. After a bitter and highly negative contest in Florida, in which the Republican establishment almost desperately rallied around him, Mr. Romney emerged the winner and appeared to regain his frontrunner status. But two weeks later, Mr. Santorum swept the Minnesota and Colorado caucuses and won a nonbinding primary in Missouri.
In Michigan, Mr. Romney narrowly carried his native state, while fending off a vigorous challenge from Mr. Santorum. He also won the Arizona primary.
On Super Tuesday, Mr. Romney pulled off a narrow victory in Ohio but lost several other states to Mr. Santorum, a split verdict that overshadowed Mr. Romney’s claim of collecting the most delegates and all but ensured another round of intense infighting on the road to the Republican presidential nomination.
On March 13, Mr. Romney won the caucuses in Hawaii and Guam, and picked up the most delegates of any candidate. But his third place finish in Mississippi and Alabama, despite heavily outspending Mr. Santorum there, led even his aides to predict that Mr. Romney was unlikely to lock up enough delegates to nail down the nomination until June — far later than any Republican nomination fight has lasted since 1976.
Mr. Romney won the Illinois primary by a wide margin on March 20. He was poised to collect about three times as many delegates as Mr. Santorum, which aides hoped would increase his lead enough to build an unassailable advantage in the race for the nomination. And his supporters began making the case anew that it was time for the party to come together for the fall campaign against Mr. Obama.
Mr. Romney’s strengths remain his political organization and the authority his background as a successful executive give him on the economy, the campaign’s biggest issue. But the primaries have also raised new questions about the low tax rate he paid given a fortune that is estimated at $250 million; a pattern of changing positions that his opponents call flipflopping; and a propensity to hit jarring notes, as with his comment on CNN that he was “not concerned about the very poor.”
Background
Willard Mitt Romney’s father was George W. Romney, an automobile executive and moderate Republican who was governor of Michigan before losing a presidential bid in 1968.
Mr. Romney and his family are devout Mormons — Mr. Romney spent two years working as a missionary in France. His family is a cornerstone of his political image, and Ann, his wife of 39 years, and five adult sons were fixtures at his campaign stops in 2008. His wife received a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis in 1998.
After earning both law and business degrees at Harvard, Mr. Romney went into corporate consulting. At the leveraged buyout firm Bain Capital, he developed a reputation as someone who could turn failing companies into profitable enterprises – a skill that helped him amass his fortune, but has also brought questions about job cuts and investments that fared poorly.
He reinforced his image of competence by stepping in to help manage the 2000 Winter Olympic Games in Salt Lake City, which had been plagued by budget shortfalls and accusations of scandal.
Mr. Romney’s political fortunes have been mixed, but no one can accuse him of choosing easy races. He ran against Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts in 1994 (a race he lost) and for governor of the state in 2002 (a race he won). Indeed, those early campaigns would compromise his efforts to win the Republican primary in 2008. After taking moderate stances on issues including gay rights and abortion, (he said he experienced a “conversion” on the issue in 2004 and now opposes abortion rights), some conservatives are skeptical of his convictions, as well as of his Mormon faith. 
Dogged by Record in Massachusetts
During his single term in the governor’s mansion, Mr. Romney was a vocal opponent of the Massachusetts Supreme Court’s ruling allowing gay marriage, and he also presided over the passage of the state’s mandatory health care coverage law.
More even than his faith and his social-conservative credentials, questions about the health insurance plan he signed into law in Massachusetts have left him open to criticism from his party. And the White House has joined in, showering unhelpful praise on the plan, which, like the federal law, includes a mandate for residents to carry insurance.
In a speech in Ann Arbor, Mich., and in an article in USA Today on May 12, 2011, Mr. Romney proposed a state-by-state solution to health care combined with federal action that would cap medical malpractice awards, allow insurance to be sold across state lines and use the tax code to subsidize the purchase of health insurance. He defended his decision to insist on a mandate that all citizens buy insurance or face penalties as ensuring that they take personal responsibility for the costs of their own care rather than passing it on to taxpayers by showing up at emergency rooms that have to treat them by law.
Mr. Romney said that as president, he would advocate a different approach for the nation. He laid out an approach that resembled past Republican plans, including those proposed by former President George W. Bush in his second term. It includes providing tax breaks to individuals who buy insurance on their own, resembling those that benefit people who buy it through their employers; limiting the amounts of some damages in malpractice suits; and financing Medicaid through block grants to the states.
Romney’s Economic Plan
In September 2011, Mr. Romney offered a detailed economic proposal that included repealing President Obama’s health care law, cutting the corporate tax rate, placing sanctions on China as a currency manipulator and immediately reducing taxes on savings and investment by the middle class — and promised to push many of these policies on his first day in the Oval Office.
In the plan, whose stated goal is to “restore America to the path of robust economic growth necessary to create jobs,” he promised to immediately cut the corporate income tax rate, currently topping out at 35 percent, to 25 percent. Although he did not outline any specific proposals for closing loopholes or otherwise simplifying the tax code, he also promised to make permanent the tax cuts on individuals enacted under President George W. Bush and to eliminate taxes on dividends, interest and capital gains for anyone making less than $200,000 a year.
In an effort to stimulate American exports, Mr. Romney said he would push free-trade agreements with Colombia, Panama and South Korea, as well as officially place sanctions on China for keeping its currency artificially low, a move that makes Chinese imports cheap to American consumers and has led to trade imbalances.
Mr. Romney also vowed to make it easier for American companies to drill for oil in the United States and to cut federal discretionary spending on anything other than security measures by 5 percent — or $20 billion. He said he would consolidate government training programs and order that any new regulations add no new costs to the economy.
The plan was criticized by Democrats, who said it would require deep cuts in non-defense discretionary spending while lowering taxes sharply for the rich.
