Governor Romney on the Issues
Gov. Romney is for traditional marriage and he has proven it:
He pushed for an amendment to Massachusetts’ constitution to overturn the same-sex “marriages” that courts have imposed
He testified before Congress and wrote to senators in favor of the Federal Marriage Amendment
He ordered enforcement of a little-known 1913 law to prevent out-of-state gay couples from getting “married” in Massachusetts and provoking a national constitutional crisis
He opposed civil unions and sued his legislature to force a vote on a proposed Massachusetts marriage amendment
Gov. Romney is for the sanctity of human life and he has proven it:
He is a “convert” to the pro-life position, much like Ronald Reagan
He believes life begins at conception
He vetoed a bill to give kids access to emergency contraception without parents’ knowledge
He promised a “moratorium” on changes to abortion laws in his 2002 gubernatorial run
He opposes Roe v. Wade and thinks states should set abortion policy
He opposes cloning of human embryos for stem cell research—even though his wife has multiple sclerosis
He vetoed a bill to expand such research despite the overwhelmingly hostile liberal majority in his state legislature
Quote: “In considering the issue of embryo cloning and embryo farming, I saw where the harsh logic of abortion can lead—to the view of innocent new life as nothing more than research material or a commodity to be exploited.”
Gov. Romney understands the threat jihadists pose to the United States and he isn’t afraid to say so:
He criticized the administration’s decision to rely solely on WMD rationale for Iraq rather than making a positive case
He denied state police protection to a former Iranian dictator
He endorsed surveillance of radical mosques
Quote: “[President Bush] is right to point to an international jihadist movement aimed at the collapse of the United States. He has gone after that threat in the right way and with great energy and vigor, and I applaud the fact that he has taken it on very seriously and has not considered it just a criminal action but instead a war action, which requires a military…response.”
Gov. Romney is pro-growth on economic issues and he has proven it:
He balanced Massachusetts’ budget without raising taxes, turning a projected $3 billion deficit into a $700 million surplus
He secured a debt upgrade for Massachusetts; Barack Obama’s policies led to a debt downgrade for America
He turned job losses in Massachusetts into job gains and left office with a 4.7% unemployment rate
While managing the Salt Lake City Olympics he turned a nearly $400 million deficit into a $100 million surplus
He created more than 120,000 jobs in the private sector and played key roles in starting or revitalizing companies like Staples, Domino’s, Sports Authority, and others
Gov. Romney is for the rule of law and he has proven it:
He opposed a bill that would have allowed illegal aliens to get driver’s licenses
He vetoed a bill to give illegal aliens the right to in-state tuition at public universities
He advocated giving state troopers the power to arrest illegal immigrants
Quote: “I’m against an amnesty and against anything that provides an incentive for people to come here illegally.”
Gov. Romney has earned the praise of conservative leaders:
“Charming. Smart. Conservative.”—National Review
“We couldn’t be happier with him.”—Barbara Anderson, Citizens for Limited Taxation (the leading taxpayer group in Massachusetts)
“On either [gay marriage or stem cells], a good case can be made that Romney has fought harder for social conservatives than any other governor in America, and it is difficult to imagine his doing so in a more daunting political environment.”—John J. Miller, National Review
“In the worst possible circumstances, he confronted one of the toughest issues of our politics with considerable moral seriousness and political skill. That’s the mark of a conservative statesman.”—Matthew Spalding, The Heritage Foundation
“I could in very good conscience support Romney as a fellow social conservative on most of the issues we care about.”—Chuck Colson
“As more Americans meet Mitt Romney, I think they’ll see beyond the handsome exterior and see not just a good salesman, but a thoughtful (and, yes, conservative) leader.”—Kathryn Jean Lopez, syndicated columnist and editor of National Review Online
“Mr. Romney could be an attractive presidential candidate. His sunny disposition puts one in mind of Ronald Reagan—he laughs easily and smiles almost continuously….[His] views put him well within the mainstream of GOP conservatism.”—James Taranto, Wall Street Journal
“On marriage and cloning, he has provided aggressive leadership as a positive, pro-family governor”—Kris Mineau, Massachusetts Family Institute
“Mitt Romney is a brave man. While the GOP glitterocracy attended the first gay wedding of one of their own, Gov. Romney was in Washington, D.C., making the single most eloquent and articulate defense of our traditional understanding of marriage I have heard from an American politician.”—Maggie Gallager, President, Institute for Marriage and Public Policy
“As a politician, Mitt Romney is considered by friend and foe to be the total package.”—Dean Barnett, The Weekly Standard
Get updates and action alerts from the EFM team. Sign up here:
Name
