Mitt Romney - The Second Amendment
Last Updated: Jan 18, 2012
Summary
Governor Romney has a solid record of pursuing gun control measures to control crime and increase safety. He is vocally supportive of the assault weapons ban, supported a waiting period, and supports registration. While Governor he continued Massachusetts's history of gun control advocacy.
In 2002, Mitt Romney stated in a debate that he supported the tough gun laws in Massachusetts and that he believed they help protect us and keep us safe. He vowed not to chip away at those laws.
While in office, Governor Romney supported the Brady bill and a waiting period because it was necessary to complete a background check. More recently, he has stated that with the advent of instant background checks, a waiting period is no longer required.
He stated that his views did not line up with the NRA. After initiating his Presidential campaign in 2007, Governor Romney joined the NRA with a lifetime membership. He asserted in a taped speech that he supported second amendment rights for all legal purposes, including the common defense.
In 2004, the federal ban on assault weapons expired. Before that happened, Governor Romney signed a bill to permanently ban assault weapons in Massachusetts. That same legislation also extended the term of a firearm identification card and a license to carry firearms from four years to six years, granted a 90-day grace period for holders of firearm identification cards and licenses to carry who have applied for renewal, and created a seven-member Firearm License Review Board to review firearm license applications that have been denied. Governor Romney later stated that the legislation was good overall for firearms owners because of these provisions. During the discussion over the ban, Governor Romney stated that assault weapons were not for hunting or self defense, but were instruments of destruction.
Governor Romney has been supportive of the second amendment in the general sense while campaigning for the Presidency in 2012, but continued to support an assault weapons ban in the 2008 elections. Since that time, he has stated that he does not believe that the nation wide assault weapons ban should be re-instituted.
He does not address the issue on his 2012 campaign website.
 
Gubernatorial Debate
In 2002, Governor Romney participated in a debate while seeking the Governor's seat in Massachusetts. During that debate, he asserts his support for the strong gun laws in Massachusetts.
We do have tough gun laws in Massachusetts. I support them. I won't chip away at them. I believe that they help protect us and provide for our safety.
 
Massachusetts Assault Weapons Ban
In 2004, both the national assault weapons ban and a state-wide ban on assault weapons expired. The state legislature of Massachusetts passed an assault weapons ban for the state which mirrored that national law with some additional provisions. The new law extended the term of a firearm identification card and a license to carry firearms from four years to six years, granted a 90-day grace period for holders of firearm identification cards and licenses to carry who have applied for renewal, and created a seven-member Firearm License Review Board to review firearm license applications that have been denied. When speaking at the signing of the legislation into law, Governor Romney stated the following:
Deadly assault weapons have no place in Massachusetts. These guns are not made for recreation or self-defense. They are instruments of destruction with the sole purpose of hunting down and killing people.
The section of law relating to the ban is shown below. We have not been able to locate that text of the actual legislation that Governor Romney signed.
Section 131M. No person shall sell, offer for sale, transfer or possess an assault weapon or a large capacity feeding device that was not otherwise lawfully possessed on September 13, 1994. Whoever not being licensed under the provisions of section 122 violates the provisions of this section shall be punished, for a first offense, by a fine of not less than $1,000 nor more than $10,000 or by imprisonment for not less than one year nor more than ten years, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and for a second offense, by a fine of not less than $5,000 nor more than $15,000 or by imprisonment for not less than five years nor more than 15 years, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
The provisions of this section shall not apply to: (i) the possession by a law enforcement officer for purposes of law enforcement; or (ii) the possession by an individual who is retired from service with a law enforcement agency and is not otherwise prohibited from receiving such a weapon or feeding device from such agency upon retirement.
 
ABC News Interview
In February of 2007, Governor Romney was interviewed by George Stephanopoulis for ABC News. He was asked about his support for the Brady bill.
Stephanopoulos: Let's talk about guns. You were supportive of the Brady bill, the handgun waiting period, in the past. You signed an assault weapon ban into law and you said, in the past, "I don't line up with the NRA."
Now, you...
Mitt Romney: Well, on that issue.
Stephanopoulos: Now you're a member of the NRA.
Mitt Romney: Yes, and I know the NRA does not support an assault weapon ban. So I don't line up on that particular issue with the NRA, either does President Bush. He likewise says he supported an assault weapon ban.
Today we don't have the Brady bill because we have instantaneous background checks. That's no longer a operative or needed measure.
But I'm a strong proponent of Second Amendment rights. I believe people, under our Constitution, have the right to bear arms.
We have a gun in one of our homes. It's not owned by me, it's owned by my son, but I've always considered it sort of mine…
Stephanopoulos: When did you join the NRA?
Mitt Romney: Within the last year and I signed up for a lifelong membership. I think they're doing good things and I believe in supporting the right to bear arms.
I've been a hunter all my life, not frequently, but as a boy, when I worked on a ranch in Idaho, we used to go out shooting rabbits, because they were eating all the barley, and I got pretty good with a single shot .22 rifle, and been quail hunting more recently.
So I'm a hunter and believe in Second Amendment rights, but I also believe that assault weapons are not needed in the public population.
Stephanopoulos: This gets to, I think, the core question.
You've had changes on many issues, many different kinds of issues.
Mitt Romney: Well, certainly not that one.
Stephanopoulos: Well, but joining the NRA, all going in the same direction. How do you combat the charge that these are conversions of convenience?
Mitt Romney: Actually, not all going in the same direction.
As you get older and you have experience -- I ran for office the first time, never having been in politics, 13 years ago against Ted Kennedy and since then I've learned a few more things.
I proposed, at that time, for instance, that we eliminate the Department of Education. A lot of conservatives thought that was a great idea.
I don't think that's a good idea anymore. I think we need the Department of Education. I think "No Child Left Behind" is performing a useful function in providing for testing.
It has a lot of errors in it and I'd like to change it, but I like the fact that we're testing our kids.
So some things are more conservative, some things are less conservative.
 
South Carolina Debate
In May of 2007 Governor Romney participated in the South Carolina Presidential Debate. He was asked about his previous signing of an assault weapons ban and stated that while he supported second amendment rights, he also supported an assault weapons ban.
MR. WALLACE: Governor Romney, in 1994 you said you were a stronger advocate of gay rights than Ted Kennedy. As recently as five years ago you still supported a woman's right to choose. And as governor you signed into law one of the toughest restrictions on assault weapons in the country. Are you a clear and consistent conservative?
MR. ROMNEY: Well, let's get the record straight. First of all, there's no question that I support Second Amendment rights, but I also support an assault weapon ban. An in the -- with regards to gay rights, I have always been somebody who opposes discrimination. But I also consistently feel that it's critical to have marriage as a relationship between one man and one woman.
 
NRA Address
In December of 2007, Governor Romney made a video to be shown to an NRA convention which he was unable to attend. He states that he is a supporter of the second amendment.
I support the second amendment as one of the most basic and fundamental rights of every American. It's essential to our functioning as a free society, as are all the liberties enumerated in the bill of rights. I've been proud to have the support of pro-second amendment and sportsman's groups when I've run for office. I'd be proud to have your support again as I run for President. 
Now, as Governor I worked closely with the NRA and the Gun Owners Action League to advance legislation that expanded the rights of gun owners in my state. 
... As President, I'll honor the rights of decent law abiding citizens to own an use firearms in defense of their families and property, and for all other lawful purposes, including the common defense.
 
Meet the Press
In December of 2007, Governor Romney appeared on Meet the Press and spoke about gun laws and his view on the second amendment.
MTP: Let me turn to gun control. Here's the headline: "Romney retreats on gun control." (Reading from article) Romney, who once described himself as a supporter of strong gun laws, is distancing himself from that rhetoric now as he attempts to court the gun owners who make up a significant force in Republican primary politics.
In his 1994 US Senate run, Romney backed two gun-control measures strongly opposed by the National Rifle Association and other gun-rights groups: the Brady Bill, which imposed a five-day waiting period on gun sales, and a ban on certain assault weapons.
"That's not going to make me the hero of the NRA," Romney told the Boston Herald in 1994.
At another campaign stop that year, he told reporters: "I don't line up with the NRA." (end of article)
Suddenly, Romney decides to run for President, and signs up for a lifetime membership in the NRA.
Governor Romney: You know, it's wonderful, and you'll appreciate this. There is a great effort on the part of ... in some cases my opposition, and in some cases folks that are just interested in writing an article to try and find any change at all in my position on guns. It is the same position that I have had for a long, long time, and that position is that I don't line up 100% with the NRA. I don't see eye to eye with the NRA on every issue.
MTP: Do you support the Brady Bill?
Governor Romney: I support the assault weapons ban.
MTP: And you're still for it?
Governor Romney: I would have supported the original assault weapons ban. I signed an assault weapons ban in Massachusetts as Governor because it provided for a relaxation of licensing requirements for gun owners in Massachusetts, which was a big plus. And so both the pro-gun and anti-gun lobby came together for the bill, and I signed that. And if there is determined from time to time, a weapon of such lethality that it poses a grave risk to our law enforcement personnel, that's something that I would consider signing. There's nothing of that nature that's being proposed today in Washington.
MTP: So the assault weapons ban that expired this year because Congress did not act on it, you would support?
Governor Romney: Just as the President said that he would have signed that bill if it came to his desk, so would have I. Yet I was also pleased to have the support of the NRA when I ran for Governor. I sought it, I seek it now. I would love to have their support. I believe in the right of Americans to bear arms.
MTP: What about the Brady Bill
Governor Romney: The Brady Bill has changed over time, of course technology has changed over time.
MTP: In what way?
Governor Romney: Well, a background check, that's the key thing. I support a background check for people who are going into a store or whatever and buying a weapon, I want them to have a background check to make sure that the crazies don't buy a gun.
MTP: But you stand by your support of the Brady Bill?
Governor Romney: The current Brady Bill is different than the original. The original had a waiting period because it took a long time to check on people's backgrounds. Today, we can check instantly on backgrounds. I don't want to cause a waiting period that's not necessary based upon today's technology. 
My position is that we should check on the backgrounds of those that try to purchase guns. We also should keep weapons of unusual lethality from being on the street. Finally, we should go after people who use guns in the commission of crimes or illegally, but we should not interfere with the rights of law abiding citizens to own guns, either for their own personal protection, or hunting, or any other lawful purpose. I support the work of the NRA, I am a member of the NRA.
 
Londonderry Town Hall
In December of 2007 Governor Romney was asked about his view on the Second Amendment, and the original intent of the second amendment. He states that the original intent of the second amendment to allow people to fend off their government, Governor Romney states that the issue may no longer be relevant.
Participant: What do you believe was the intent of the founders for the second amendment in the Constitution?
Governor Romney: I believe that the intent of the founders was to allow for the individual American to be able to bear arms for their personal protection, for hunting, or for any other legal purpose.
Participant: Would you agree with Thomas Jefferson that the strongest reason for people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is as a last resort to protect themselves from the tyranny of government?
Governor Romney: I don't know that that's highly relevant today, but certainly that's a legal reason for being able to keep a firearm. I believe that people ought to be able to have a firearm to protect themselves, I believe in the second amendment.
Participant: In that case, why did you vote for the Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban?
Governor Romney: I didn't actually vote ...
Participant: I beg your pardon, why did you support them? You have come out publicly stating that you support the Assault Weapons Ban and the Brady Bill. ... My final question is that if you don;t understand the original intent of the second amendment, how can you be trusted to defend it, and who will defend it from you?
Governor Romney: With regards to the assault weapons ban in Massachusetts which we put forward, which by the way was an extension of the assault weapons ban, the Gun Owners Action League and pro-gun lobbies came together to say "We want you to sign this, because we have as part of this bill a number of relaxation features with regards to registration and certification for gun owners in Massachusetts." So the pro-gun lobby came together with the anti-gun lobby and fashioned a bill which both sides encouraged me to sign, and I did sign.
By the way, at the signing ceremony, the head of the Gun Owners Action League was there and encouraging that same bill.
With regards to the Brady Bill, I have long believed that we should do a background check on people who are buying a weapon to make sure that they are not nuts or have criminal records.
When the Brady Bill was first passed, there really wasn't the kind of internet that we have to make an instant check. Today, we can make an instant check. So there's no need for a new Brady Bill that would have a waiting period. Instead, we can have instant checks. I hope that we do have such a system so that making checks to make sure that people who do buy weapons are people who are not dangerous, either by virtue of prior conviction or by virtue of mental condition. 
 
Boca Raton, Debate
In January of 2008 Governor Romney participated in a presidential debate in Boca Raton, Florida. Governor Huckabee asked Governor Romney a question about his previous assault weapons ban.
Huckabee: Mitt, I would like to ask you a question that came up during your interview with Tim Russert on "Meet the Press." And it has to do with the Second Amendment. You indicated that you support the Second Amendment, but on that interview, you indicated that you also supported a ban on so-called -- and I use the term "so-called" -- assault weapons and supported Brady.
For many of us who are strong adherents to the Second Amendment, that's not quite consistent, to say you're for Brady and so-called assault gun ban, but support of the Second Amendment, because we see that that's really a denial of the Second Amendment.
I would appreciate some clarification on, do you support Brady? Do you support the assault weapon ban? And your position on exactly what restrictions government should put on Second Amendment rights.
Romney: I do support the Second Amendment. And I believe that this is an individual right of citizens and not a right of government. And I hope the Supreme Court reaches that same conclusion.
I also, like the president, would have signed the assault weapon ban that came to his desk. I said I would have supported that and signed a similar bill in our state.
It was a bill worked out, by the way, between pro-gun lobby and anti-gun lobby individuals. Both sides of the issue came together and found a way to provide relaxation in licensing requirements and allow more people to have guns for their own legal purposes. And so we signed that in Massachusetts and I said I would support that at the federal level, just as the president said he would.
It did not pass at the federal level. I do not believe we need new legislation.
I do not support any new legislation of an assault weapon ban nature, including that against semiautomatic weapons. I instead believe that we have laws in place that if they're implemented and enforced, will provide the protection and the safety of the American people. But I do not support any new legislation, and I do support the right of individuals to bear arms, whether for hunting purposes or for protection purposes or any other reason. That's the right that people have.
 
GOP South Carolina Debate
In January of 2012, Governor Romney participated in the Republican South Carolina Debate. He was asked about second amendment issues and states that he supports the second amendment rights of people.
WILLIAMS: Gov Romney, Speaker Gingrich says your record of support for gun owners is weak. You signed the nation’s first ban on assault weapons in Massachusetts and steeply increased fees on gun owners in that state, in fact by 400 percent. How can you convince gun owners that you will be an advocate for them as president?
ROMNEY: Well, Juan, in my state we had a piece of legislation that was crafted both by the pro gun lobby and the anti-gun lobby. Massachusetts has some very restrictive rules and the pro gun lobby said, you know what, this legislation is good for us, it includes provisions that we want that allows us, for instance, to crossroads with weapons when we’re hunting that had not been previously allowed.
And so the pro gun folks in our state, the the Gun Owners Action League and others said, look, we would like you to sign this legislation. And the day when we announced our signing, we had both the pro gun owners and anti-bun folks all together on the stage because it worked. We worked together. We found common ground.
My view is that we have the second amendment right to bear arms and in this country my view is also that we should not add new legislation. I know that there are people that think we need new laws, we need to find new ways to restrict gun ownership. And there is in Washington a non-stop effort on the part of some legislators, and I believe the president, to restrict the right of law-abiding American citizens from owning a gun.
I disagree with that. I believe we have in place all the laws we need. We should enforce those laws. I do not believe in new laws restricting gun ownership and gun use.
 
References
[1] Website: iberkshires.com Article: Romney signs off on permanent assault weapons ban Author: NA Accessed on: 06/29/2011
User Comments
