Tom Sheff permalink
January 7, 2012, 9:31 AM
Huh???  Why would Republicans who would vote in the primary, listen to Deemocratic leaders???  It seems this idea may backfire in that Republicans would vote opposite how Dems want them to.  The logic being that dems will campaign against the person/people that can beat Obama.  The Dems aren’t looking after the best interest of the Repubs.  Seems this could backfire…Good luck anyway.
January 7, 2012, 9:59 AM
Apparently the “unheard of” Warren has never heard of glass houses.
Mitt Romney didn’t exactly leave Massachusetts high and dry right after election to seek a Senate seat.  Speaking of mileage, those who were in the military don’t exactly perceive his tiny stint in the armed forces as anything beyond getting a document saying he served for political purposes.
But only we really know who he is.  So, screwing up the way he did, the best he can hope for is making feeble attempts to undermine those with whom people outside of the general area are actually familiar.
It kind of resembles that phenomenon where people who are bitter want to bring others down out of a jealous spite.  And, of course, he will fail.
Why?  Because he’s a nobody, just as much as he is a manipulative sell-out.  That might have worked before this “age of enlightenment”, but nowadays, scheming politicians are just not the flavor of the times; that is, if Setti-Forget-He ever had a flavor at all.
January 7, 2012, 10:32 AM
A sad and cynical exercise in party loyalty.
Not cool. Wait for the general election.
Shawn Fitzgibbons permalink
January 7, 2012, 11:12 AM
Don’t forget – there is also a Democratic Presidential Primary in NH on Tuesday. Barack Obama is on the ballot with 13 other Democrats. The Obama Campaign, the Mass Democratic Party and leaders like our Mayor are up in NH to ensure a strong turnout for the President.  Good for Setti for taking the time to join this effort. And by talking about Romney’s terrible record, they hope independents and Republicans will vote for Obama rather than one of the crazy Republican contenders on Tuesday. It’s an open primary – people can cast a vote on either the Dem or Republican primary ballot.
Terry Malloy permalink
January 7, 2012, 11:40 AM
Thanks for the clarification Shawn. It takes a bit of the edge off the original thread lead by Chloe.
I think it’s particularly unattractive when politicians exhibit “party loyalty trumps all!” as passionately as religious zealots.  If they’re in N.H. to campaign for Obama for the Dem primary, they’ve got an out.
January 7, 2012, 12:23 PM
Shawn/Terry,
The press advisory from the Democratic National Committee says that Mayor Warren will be outside of Mitt Romney’s event to discuss “Romney’s real record as governor of neighboring Massachusetts.” Nowhere in the advisory is the president’s name mentioned. Obviously the ultimate goal is campaigning for  Obama, but you’re kidding yourselves if you think this isn’t negative campaigning.
I’m not saying he shouldn’t do it. I’m just saying that he is not in New Hampshire to help President Obama win the Democratic primary.
Shawn Fitzgibbons permalink
January 7, 2012, 1:04 PM
While he was governor Romney decimated local aid and sunk Massachusetts to the bottom in terms of job creation. That’s something important for voters to know, because they certainly aren’t going to hear that from Romney or the GOP.
Tom Sheff permalink
January 7, 2012, 3:31 PM
Shawn, youre a dem leader.  Is he negative campaigning or camaigning for Obama.  Big difference between the two.  You should know, right?  You’re second or third in command of the dems in Newton…which is it?  Can’t have it both ways.
January 7, 2012, 3:42 PM
Shawn,
For the sake of the country, wouldn’t you like the two least-bad candidates in the general election? Would you prefer Santorum or Gingrich to Romney? Do Democrats feel they need to campaign against Romney (it’s only the NH primary!) to help elect the worst candidate as the Republican nominee because it makes for better odds for Obama? Isn’t there something desperate and cynical about that?
I may be politically naive, but I don’t get party politics; Republican or Democrat.
Tom Sheff permalink
January 7, 2012, 7:37 PM
Terry, party politics is simple.  Win at all costs and do as I say or else.
Hoss permalink
January 7, 2012, 8:37 PM
Shawn Fitzgibbons — Welcome to the new bottom of job creation.  It’s 2012 you realize?  If we Democrats use such stale history it’s all over… Moreover you’re attempting to give proud and in many cases prosperous Democrats a fake impression about what Romney and venture capital are all about.  I’ve not created the kinds of jobs Bain has — nor has have most others.  Focus on people issues cause negative economic issues around a stellar financial mover won’t work for us.
jane permalink
January 7, 2012, 9:06 PM
Maybe you needed to work in a school during Mitt Romney’s term as governor to understand the damage that he did to public education.   The people in other states should know about what he did to this state’s educational system, human services, and local aid.
Hoss – Romney’s legacy may be stale history to you, but to people in my age group who lost their jobs and 401Ks because of the greed of the money-eating people at Bain, it’s the very real present.
The President’s reelection campaign has been in full gear for several months.  Where did you expect Mass. Democrats to be this weekend?  Did you think they were going to wait until next September to start campaigning?
lloyd a cohen permalink
January 7, 2012, 10:02 PM
Why does not  the Mayor discuss how the Democratic  controlled house and the Democratic governors of the past have gottn this state into the mess that it has been in??  Besides who cares what Warren says–he just a member of that group that  has led this country into this mess and i am refering to Obama, Reid and Pelosi and their colleagues.
Newton would be better served if Warren stuck to being mayor of this city that expressing his sad old trite worthless political lines.
Tommy Mazzola permalink
January 8, 2012, 9:01 AM
The year Romney left the office, 18 billion in revenue was received.  Returning unspent money to the treasury and solid state revenue growth helped Romney replenish the state’s rainy day fund from $640 million when he started to a record $2.1 billion upon leaving Beacon Hill.  Despite more than 20 successful years of turning around troubled private companies, however, Romney got the legislature to accept little of his efficiency/reorganization agenda. http://web.archive.org/web/20071221092907/http://www.nashuatelegraph.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20071213/NEWS08/312130115/-1/news08
That doesn’t really sound like a “F-up”.  While we’re on the subject, kindly elaborate on this crucial and indispensable “local aid”.
On the other hand, for just one example, the present governor Deval Patrick is chomping at the bit to give cars, complete with government paid insurance, to welfare recipients.  Gee, that’s frugal.  So, uh, who would pay for that, with all of these people out of work?  If cash is tight, do you go around handing out cash?
There’s also a lot of number cooking with regards to the REAL unemployment number on Deval’s watch (e.g. taking credit for census worker jobs that are gone when the census is over).  Naturally, the powers that be finally care about jobs, because we’re coming up on an election year.
As an aside, I have to say that I love how liberals take credit for things; a great irony is exemplified by Obama’s getting a Nobel PEACE Prize right after taking office – and just before he sent more troops overseas, and before he assassinated Usama bin Laden, with a little help from Seal Team 6, of course.
Anyway, moving along, I can’t help but wonder what is with Newton’s fetish for a liberal socialist  agenda?  There is this bizarre pandemic sympathy in this city for the “useful idiot” 99% automatons who mindlessly spout drivel about how corporations should pay for all kinds of ridiculous things.  A lot of people here own businesses.  Does trying to increase the corporate tax encourage new businesses to pop up everywhere, and therefore jobs?
Wherein is the rationale?
Shawn Fitzgibbons permalink
January 8, 2012, 9:17 AM
@Tom – Dems can do both – advocate for their candidate and highlight problems with their opponent at the same time.
@Terry – I’m with Barney Frank on this one – I don’t think I’ve lived a good enough life to see Gingrich get the nomination!
BOB BURKE permalink
January 8, 2012, 2:03 PM
I see that a Cornelius “Edward” O’Connor is challenging President Obama in the New Hampshire Democratic Primary.   That was the exact name of one of my Uncle Neil’s close friends in the old West End machine back in the 1920′s and 30′s.  Neil had fond memories of how “Connie” could manipulate and fill in blanks on incomplete ballots after the polls would close.  If this is the same guy, Setti should campaign hard and Barack should watch the rear view mirror.
January 8, 2012, 6:49 PM
Sigh.  Now, of course, I have to deconstruct the “local aid” statement.  OK, fine.
Regarding the 10 million from the “school readiness” grants, here is the exact wording of the eligibility section:
“Resident children in an eligible community who are ages 3 and 4 years of age and children age 5 years of age who are not eligible to enroll in school may enroll in a school readiness program. Under C.G.S. Sec 10-16t, a school readiness council may elect to reserve 5 percent of its spaces for 5-year-olds eligible to enroll in school provided they have been in the program for one year and the parent or legal guardian, the school readiness provider and local or regional school district agree that the child is not ready for kindergarten and the parent signs the public school option form exempting his/her child from attendance
at the public school.  At least 60 percent of the children enrolled must be at or below 75 percent of the State Median Income.” http://www.sde.ct.gov/sde/lib/sde/PDF/DEPS/Readiness/sroverview.pdf
When the ham-handed wording of this entitlement proclamation is deciphered, it amounts to simply this:  free daycare provided to people having children who can’t afford them in the first place.  Even though this preposterous idea didn’t work, the state still hands out welfare checks on a party platter to those same people; this doesn’t include Newton, of course, where the quasi-altruistic/NIMBY philosophy prevails and kids go to posh daycare centers.
Next, we have 3.1 million from the Universal Breakfast Grant program.  So, people are outraged that they have to make their own kids breakfast.  Belying my righteous outrage at this nonsense, I’ll simply ask why this is necessary, after making breakfast for one’s own children has worked for so long.  Hey, you can even call it precious “family time” for kids to eat at the table with their parents.  What a concept.
Then there was the 11.85 million from Early Literacy Grants, originally dreamed up because “…a staggeringly high percentage of our youngsters—especially low-income children and those from racial and ethnic minorities—arrive in 4th grade without the skills to read proficiently.” http://newamerica.net/blog/early-ed-watch/2009/closer-look-presidents-budget-early-literacy-grants-11973
Hmm.  Interesting.  This may be partly due to 50 Cent’s lyrics being seen, by some, on par with the poetry of Lord Byron.  Well, if we’re to make great strides in reading comprehension, how about this George Carlin-esque approach.  If someone butchers the English language to exorbitant proportions… pretend that you don’t understand that person.  Here’s an example:
“Yo, dog, me n’ my boo just got jacked!  I was all like chill and some punk gets all up in my grill wit a gat and he all like ‘Fool, break yoself’ and he ax me for all my chedda!”
“Excuse me, sir, I don’t have the slightest idea what you are talking about.  And we’re not the ‘po-po’.  The word is ‘police’.  Please start over.”
Another reason for illiteracy is the fact that everything must be in Spanish as well as English; that is, except for the vote ballots, which are in a multitude of different languages.  Just a thought – if you can’t read or understand English, how do you have any idea what is going on anyway?  And then there’s a scary thought to put next to that one – all street and highway signs are in English.  Not a safe thing to be going over 60 and be unable to read the sign warning about the upcoming construction area and that lanes will be merging.
A third reason, if you remember, is teacher ineptitude.  Last year, in July, 200 Washington D.C. teachers were fired because they failed tests.  Enough said.
Finally, and most importantly, there is nurture.  How about these numnut parents READ to their kids?
Actually, how about they just stop blaming the government for their own shortfalls until the [liberal] government caves in and throws an entitlement grant in to solve the issue, because those who attempt to live a responsible and non-parasitic existence are sick of paying for it?
Summary:  Make these parents raise their own kids.  Make people speak English.  Everyone will be better off.
P.S. For the party that demands “pro-choice”, there sure are a huge amount of self-proclaimed Democrats having children they can’t afford.  Talk about a paradox.
After originally indicating that he would use his new budget-cutting authority to reduce local aid by as much as $200 million, Gov. Mitt Romney has used his so-called “9C powers” to cut fiscal 2003 Lottery aid by $72,751,597 (an across-the-board 9.35 percent cut) and Additional Assistance by $41,636,978 (an across-the-board 9.35 percent cut). In addition, the Governor reduced a number of non-Cherry Sheet grants that cities and towns rely on, although the impact will vary from community to community. The following grant programs have been reduced: $10 million from school readiness grants; $11.85 million from early literacy grants; and $3.1 million from the Universal Breakfast grant program.
Tom Sheff permalink
January 8, 2012, 7:30 PM
Shawn, so when I point out problems in issues and candidates I am labeled devisive or worse by many of your colleagues in the NDCC, BOA or the Tab, but because John Walsh is involved it’s OK?  If the people of NH know they are dems no one will listen to them and if they go down there and no one knows their dems then whats the point in bringing the leaders…just bring anyone and act like Repubs.  I dont get the logic of bringing the leaders.
jane permalink
January 8, 2012, 8:36 PM
It’s quite clear who the Republican candidate will be at this point – Mitt Romney.   Romney can’t  complete a sentence without saying something negative and very often inaccurate about President Obama.  Should Democrats sit by and let this happen without a rebuttal?
John Walsh, as Mass. Dem. Party chairman, is merely doing his job – organizing the leaders of his party to campaign for President Obama’s reelection.
Tom Sheff permalink
January 8, 2012, 9:33 PM
Hi Jane, I guess we disagree on this one.  I believe he is wasting his time, but it’s his time to waste.  I think he could have been a lot more productive if he formed a phone bank calling republicans who vote in NH and telling them about Mitts past (making sure he doesnt tell them he’s a democrat).  But thats just my opinion.
BOB BURKE permalink
January 8, 2012, 10:13 PM
I watched both Republican debates this weekend.  I came away deeply impressed by Jon Huntsman’s performance.  He nailed Romney beautifully for an earlier comment Mitt had made
criticizing Huntsman for serving as Ambassador to China under Obama.   Huntsman’s rejoinder that he was first and foremost an American and the fact that he and his two sons who are in the Navy were serving America and not a particular political party.   He castigated Romney and the other candidates for their meanness and divisiveness.
He didn’t have to state the obvious — that his two sons are serving in the military while all 5 of Romney’s sons avoided service altogether.  Huntsman, nonetheless, has been urging restraint and supporting Obama’s decision to disengage from Iraq and ultimately from Afghanistan as well while Romney is far more bellicose.
Adlai Stevenson has always been the benchmark against which I measure all other candidates and most come up far short of the standard that Stevenson set.
Huntsman is a Republican and I disagree with him on several key issues;  but  in some very critical and important areas,  he is very much a “Stevensonian” in both spirit and substance.
jane permalink
January 9, 2012, 8:27 AM
Bob- I agree.  Huntsman has been a very credible candidate throughout the campaign and was particularly so in the Saturday night debate.  It’s a curiosity that he hasn’t caught the eye of moderate Republicans.
January 9, 2012, 9:33 AM
@Jane.  Maybe there are no longer any “moderate” Republicans.
January 9, 2012, 10:31 AM
All -
Just a reminder/warning that I do and will delete comments that are not respectful of other bloggers.* There’s no reason to write about each others’ writing style, grammar, spelling, etc. unless it’s to pay compliments. If you disagree with someone, it’s easy enough to say why without insulting him or her.
Bill Brandel permalink
January 9, 2012, 10:56 AM
Interesting comments on Huntsman. When the Republican candidates were asked if they would take a debt reduction deal that included a 10:1 ratio in cuts vs. revenue, Huntsman, like the other candidates, said he would not. A supporter of the individual mandate in 2008, he now wants to repeal “Obamacare.” He supports a right to life amendment, and wants to roll back Choice. Huntsman opposes a ban on assault weapons. He now claims that nobody trusts government, where he has spent his career. Toeing party line, he opposed the NATO operation in Libya. By comparison, Huntsman makes candidate George W. Bush look moderate. What I do like about him (and he does have some positions that are reasonable) is that with two sons in harm’s way, he understands the stakes – a perspective all too rare in contemporary government.
As for defining Romney’s record in NH — please. The GOP is now attempting disenfranchise Democrat voters in a number of states, after it made a practice of enrolling GOP voters in Democrat primaries in 2008 to skew the results. It ain’t beanbag. As long as it is credible (unlike, say, claiming that the PPACA has cost the country jobs), discussing Romney’s record is a public service for NH voters. Further, it is not going to change the outcome this week. The idea is to help frame the candidate now while you have the public’s attention. Nobody is going to spend a lot of time back in NH after the primary.
Jerry Reilly permalink
January 9, 2012, 11:15 AM
Over the weekend, Gingrich hurled the worst epithet he could come up with at Romney – he’s a moderate. “a timid Massachusetts moderate”
jane permalink
January 9, 2012, 7:30 PM
Bill-To clarify, Huntsman has been a credible Republican candidate who represents the moderate wing of his Party, not mine.    I find it fascinating that the other 5 Republican candidates who have garnered support over the past several months focus most of their attention on:
a.) discussing issues that Presidents don’t deal with (social issues)
b.) expressing their support for yet another war in the Middle East
c.) expressing a true hatred for President Obama which I find troubling.
Barry Cohen permalink
January 10, 2012, 8:58 AM
Romney should welcome Setti campaigning against him.  Setti is the kiss of death for those who he supports.  Let’s hope he strongly comes out in support of Elizabeth Warren.
This is also the continuing saga of Setti not liking being limited to Newton.  He thinks he is some big player in national politics.  What a joke!
Is Tom Menino in NH campaigning against anyone Republican?  And Menino is at least a serious city mayor.
dwyane permalink
May 30, 2012, 6:50 PM
Something strange in Newton’s water–its understood Newton is weird (more money than sense)–but stupid too??
