Related: WBUR's complete Election 2012 coverage
Even when Romney critics are asked to name an economic accomplishment of the former governor, they cite the Bristol-Myers Squibb drug manufacturing complex at the former Fort Devens Army base in central Massachusetts. It’s the largest of the 75 businesses now at the former base, employing about 400 people. Romney is credited with using tax incentives to help lure the company to Massachusetts in 2006.
“Bristol-Myers Squibb is a big Fortune 500 company deciding to build a big facility in Massachusetts and it was a big deal at the time,” said Rick Lord, president of Associated Industries of Massachusetts. “And I credit the Romney administration with making that happen.”
Lord says Bristol-Myers Squibb is proof that Romney did more to help create jobs in Massachusetts than that 47th ranking suggests. Lord and others say what Romney did for the state’s economy can’t really be quantified. They say that ranking was affected by things outside of a governor’s control, like housing and energy costs and high unemployment insurance costs for business.
Chris Anderson * , president of the Massachusetts High Technology Council, says when Romney was in office, the state was experiencing slow overall growth.
“Have you noticed our population change [relative to other states' growth] over the last 10 years? Down,” Anderson said.
And, Anderson says, those numbers don’t reflect the challenges Romney faced.
“Mitt Romney came in trying to create a culture of competitiveness, looking at systems change,” Anderson said. “I think for the most part employers felt the governor was working hard to create changes in systems and working in a legislative environment that ultimately was reluctant to reform systems.”
Anderson says another major Romney accomplishment was preserving the Natick and Hanscom military bases, which kept more than 30,000 jobs in Massachusetts. So he feels Romney’s record was at best good, at worst mixed.
But there are others who have a completely different view.
“I can see if you’re looking at things that sound nice you might say his record is a mixed bag, but if you’re talking about actual job creation, it has to be termed an unquestioned failure,” said Tim Sullivan, spokesman for the AFL-CIO, Massachusetts’ largest labor union. He disputes even the Bristol-Myers Squibb facility as a plus for Romney. He says that happened in spite of the governor.
“When he took office the state was losing jobs. It was the middle of a recession that he had nothing to do with. But by the end of his term, the nation was recovering and Massachusetts was adding jobs — but at a slower rate than most other states.”
–Michael Widmer,
Massachusetts Taxpayers Association
“The problem is [Romney] opposes things like project labor agreements which guarantee that local workers get jobs,” Sullivan said. “The reason Bristol-Myers Squibb got done was because of project labor agreements. So it may be his best private sector achievement is because of a policy he doesn’t even support.”
That’s a common complaint from Romney critics — that the former governor’s economic priorities were unclear. They say while he was selling the state to CEOs, he was making policy decisions that harmed jobs.
“The administration rarely put together a comprehensive economic strategy,” said Mike Widmer, president of the Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation. He says Romney’s policies on the environment and against human stem cell research made the state less able to compete against lower-cost areas of the country.
“When it comes to producing products, costs of manufacturing are very high here, so that we lose jobs,” Widmer said. “What did he do about that? Very little. In fact Romney in three consecutive years proposed corporate tax loophole closings.”
Closing corporate loopholes — or some say increasing corporate taxes — is still probably the main area of debate about Romney’s economic record. To cover a more than $2 billion budget gap, his administration pushed through a series of changes in the tax code. Those cost businesses hundreds of millions of dollars. Widmer says many Massachusetts business leaders were angry, because they expected something different from a businessman in the corner office.
“The corporate taxes outweighed everything in terms of his economic record,” Widmer said.
Ironically, in his “Believe in America” plan for jobs if he’s elected president, Romney calls for an immediate 10 percent cut in corporate taxes. The plan describes Romney’s time as governor by saying that when he came into office, the state was losing jobs every month, but when Romney left, the economy was generating jobs by the thousands.
Widmer says that’s somewhat disingenuous.
“When he took office the state was losing jobs,” he said. “It was the middle of a recession that he had nothing to do with. But by the end of his term, the nation was recovering and Massachusetts was adding jobs — but at a slower rate than most other states. That’s not exactly a record to crow about.”
At the end of his term in 2006, Romney also spent a lot of time outside of Massachusetts, preparing for his first attempt at the GOP presidential nomination in 2008. Romney was said to be out of Massachusetts for more than half of his last year in office. Even so, his supporters, like Jim Stergios, president of The Pioneer Institute, say Romney’s effect was more subtle and he helped make deep changes that Massachusetts still benefits from today.
“Businesses will not come to Massachusetts because of one individual,” Stergios said. “Businesses always look at long term — what’s their investment? The next election could bring someone very different. They’re looking for structural changes. That’s why I say Gov. Romney did some very important work to make this state much competitive.”
So the complicated picture of what Romney did — or didn’t do — as governor, and what we now know in hindsight, will still be up for debate both here and on the presidential campaign trail.
Correction: An earlier version of this post misidentified Chris Anderson as Curt Anderson.
Please follow our community rules when engaging in comment discussion on wbur.org.
Anonymous
Don’t forget the jobs and companies Romney destroyed in the private sector. 
wjson
The comment by Curt Anderson regarding the change in Massachusetts population makes almost no sense.  First the population has increased in 1990 (4.9%), 2000 (5.5%) and 2010 (3.1%), this information is from the US 2010 Census. 
Secondly the numbers almost match to a T the growth rate of the Northeast region!  What in the heck is he talking about?  “Have you noticed our population change [relative to other states' growth] over the last 10 years? Down,” Anderson said.
Thankfully the Massachusetts High Technology Council is an industry group and we are not wasting taxpayer money on this guy’s salary!
Here is the link.  
http://2010.census.gov/2010census/data/apportionment-pop-text.php
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_2KD3KYWFFQISMOCK762F6EHZTY david mowers
Bain Capital fired 50% of the workers in each company they bought then leveraged all the assets and credit then sold the company to foreign investors who closed them down and moved jobs offshore. He used State tax breaks, taxpayer subsidies and dumped the pensions from these companies onto the taxpayer via the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp.
Mitt Romney is a traitor.
Bain Capital owns Clear Channel 850 radio stations including ALL the conservative talk radio shows. The American Berlusconi. Voting for Romney is the same as voting for Obama. He hates the middle class, pays no taxes and dismantles American companies for short term profit at taxpayer expense.
TRAITOR.
where are the statistic to back this up
http://www.facebook.com/people/Shirley-Gallagher/100002579722348 Shirley Gallagher
How many President’s do you know that has or had a Blind Trust in Swiss Bank Account in the second largest Bank in Swiss LAND.
Romney and his momron friends at Bain Capital took the money and put in a Swiss Bank to keep from paying tax on it,  stolen American’s money i might add,  from those American’s who lost their jobs, Benefits.
And now Mitt Romney has teamed up with the Koch’s, Norquist, and Wall Street to try and win the W.H. to cause the same economy crisis all over again like the one we are still experiencing.
Frontline Money, Power, and Wall Street caused the WORST economy Crisis since the Depression, due to De-Regulations. Mitt Romney wants to Repeal President Obama Regulations installed his first year in office.
Do see a pattern her its all about, Money, Power, and Wall Street, don’t take my words for it read about on pbs.org Frontline Money,Power, and Wall Street, plus the Dark Side.
There is always the truth on PBS, i read and watch the show a lot.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Shirley-Gallagher/100002579722348 Shirley Gallagher
This is why Mitt Romney never want to talk about his Record as Governor in Massachusetts because its  a mix of accomplishment and failures. Not to mention the American’s who lost their jobs, Benefits and etc, all because of Romney Greed.
This is why Mitt Romney is always complanning about President Obama  Policies, but he never mention his own.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Shirley-Gallagher/100002579722348 Shirley Gallagher
Dig Deeper: What You Need to Know About the Financial Crisis
April 20, 2012,
6:12 pm ET by Azmat Khan
Amid the fiercest financial crisis since the
Great Depression, FRONTLINE has
been at the forefront of investigating the
roots of the meltdown, the hidden
stories of those who warned about what was
to come and the lessons moving
forward.
Over the next two weeks, we’ll
continue the story in our four-hour special,
Money, Power and Wall Street —
watch a preview above. The film goes inside the
struggles to rescue and
repair a shattered economy, exploring key decisions,
missed opportunities
and the unprecedented and uneasy partnership between
government leaders and
Until then, here’s some of the best of our reporting on
the financial crisis.
“I didn’t know Brooksley
Born. I was told that she was irascible, difficult,
stubborn, unreasonable.”
Former SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt
In The Warning, FRONTLINE unearths the
hidden history of the nation’s worst
financial crisis since the Great
Depression. At the center of it all is
Brooksley Born, the head of an
obscure federal regulatory agency — the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission
[CFTC] — who not only warned of the potential for
economic meltdown in the
late 1990s, but also tried to convince the country’s
key economic
powerbrokers to regulate the secretive, multitrillion-dollar
derivatives
market, whose crash helped trigger the financial collapse in the
fall of
2008. In The Warning, she speaks for the first time on television.
*
Explore our video timeline of the tide of deregulation and the drumbeat of
warnings in the lead up to the financial crisis
* Learn more about
Born, the prevailing economic philosophy in era of Federal
Reserve chairman
Alan Greenspan and the hidden dangers of derivatives.
* Read extended
interviews with Born; Gary Gensler, the head of the CFTC under
President
Obama; Arthur Levitt, the former head of the Securities and Exchange
Commission; and other key players.
Inside the Meltdown [February
“Rumors are such that they can just plain put you out of business.”
Bear
Stearns’ former CEO “Ace” Greenberg
The sudden and complete
financial meltdown of 2008 took most of America by
surprise. How did it all
go so bad, so quickly? Who is responsible? How
effective has the response
from Washington and Wall Street been? FRONTLINE goes
inside the chain of
events that set off the crisis, what key officials didn’t
see, couldn’t stop
and weren’t able to fix.
* Peruse our timeline of the meltdown, with
play-by-play breakdowns of the
early warnings, formative disasters and key
decisions and deals that got us
where we are.
Bear Stearns to the decision to not bail out Lehman
Brothers to the
government’s takeover of Fannie and Freddie, explore analysis
from key
* Read extended interviews with “Ace” Greenberg, the former
chairman and CEO of
Bear Stearns; Mark Gertler, New York University
economist and a longtime friend
of Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke;
Sheila Bair, former chairwoman of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
and others involved in the crisis.
Breaking the Bank [June 2009]
“It just
seemed to me that the conservative, right thing to do was take the
[TARP]
money. Little did I know the pain that would invoke…” Former Bank of
America
The merger of Bank of America, the nation’s largest bank, and
Merrill Lynch in
September 2008 was supposed to help save the American
financial system by
preventing the imminent Lehman Brothers bankruptcy from
setting off a
destructive chain reaction. But within days, the entire global
financial system
was collapsing. FRONTLINE reveals the story of two banks at
the heart of the
financial crisis, their rocky merger, and the government’s
new role in taking
over — some call it “nationalizing” — the American
banking system.
* Track how how four CEOs grew a small North Carolina
bank into the nation’s
largest — Bank of America — in our interactive
map.
* Read extended interviews with former Bank of America CEO Ken
Lewis; former
Merrill Lynch CEO John Thain; the former directory of policy
planning at the
Treasury Department, Michele Davis; and others.
Ten
Trillion and Counting [March 2009]
“Here’s the fundamental problem: How much
money can a society borrow before it
begins to have negative effects on our
ability to borrow any more?” Former
Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill
All
of the federal government’s efforts to stem the tide of the financial
meltdown have added hundreds of billions of dollars to an already staggering
national debt. FRONTLINE traces the politics behind this mounting debt and
investigates what some say is a looming crisis that makes the current
financial
* Learn more about the debt
during the George W. Bush presidency and during the
Clinton years.
Read extended interviews with former Office of Management and Budget Director
Peter Orszag; former Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill; former Comptroller
General
The Card Game [November 2009]
“It’s
almost as if 15 years ago, the industry discovered that you could make
money
off of the most vulnerable people in America over and over, and that would
be the business model.” The Center for Responsible Lending CEO Martin
Eakes
In a joint project with The New York Times, FRONTLINE investigates the
future of
the massive consumer loan industry and its impact on a fragile
national economy,
as credit card companies face rising public anger, new
regulation from
Washington and staggering new rates of default and
bankruptcy. We talk to
industry insiders, lobbyists, politicians and
consumer advocates as they square
off over attempts to reform the way the
industry has done business for decades.
* Learn about credit card tricks
and traps to watch out for and what the
consumer’s responsibility is.
* Read extended interviews with Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner; former
Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee Chris Dodd; and American Bankers
Association Vice President Nessa Feddis.
The Wall Street Fix [May
2003]
“When Congress sees these scandals taking place … they become the
latter-day
Elmer Gantrys, protecting investors that they had abused so badly
before.”
Former SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt
Years before the financial
crisis, FRONTLINE went inside the culture of Wall
Street and the world of
investment banking, investigating the hidden
relationships between the
Street’s biggest bank, Citigroup, and the bubble’s
most spectacular failure,
WorldCom to show how Wall Street drove the telecom
boom, pocketing enormous
profits, and then took millions of investors on a ride.
* Explore our
chronology of the long demise of the Glass-Steagall Act, from its
passage in
1933 to its death throes in the 1990s, and how Citigroup’s Sandy
Weill dealt
* Read analysis of the politics and the impact of
Sandy Weill’s creation of
Citigroup, the first full-service superbank, and
the repeal of the
Glass-Steagall Act that stood in his way.
More stories in 'Politics'
