5 comments
By Andrew Moran.
Cleveland -  Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney may have the Republican nomination within his grasp, which is why many are surprised that Romney took a jab at Texas Congressman Ron Paul's plan to cut $1 trillion from the budget in the first year.
Is the media-dubbed “lovefest” over between Mitt Romney and Ron Paul?  Throughout the Republican primary season, Romney barely took any shots at the 12-term Texas Congressman, except for stating in interviews that he disagrees with Dr. Paul on his foreign policy.
Although Romney is the presumptive nominee, the libertarian-leaning Republican representative has won at least eight states in the past month in terms of garnering the majority of delegates.  But why would Romney suddenly criticize Paul’s budget proposal ?
During a town hall meeting in Cleveland this week, Romney confirmed that he would not take a page out of Paul’s book when it comes to the federal budget.  According to the Washington Times , Romney distanced himself from the deep cuts.
“My job is to get America back on track to have a balanced budget. Now I'm not going to cut $1 trillion in the first year,” said Romney.
When someone in the audience asked why he wouldn’t, Romney responded, “The reason is taking a trillion dollars out of a $15 trillion economy would cause our economy to shrink [and] would put a lot of people out of work."
This is surprising to some because Paul supporters could account for a significant sum of the Republican and Independent vote in November and if the polls suggest anything it would be that the race between Romney and President Barack Obama will be tight.
Throughout his career and primaries, Paul has always suggested making serious cuts to the United States government’s militarism, such as its wars (not its defense), which is usually a thorn in the Republican establishment’s side.
As part of his $1 trillion in cuts, the bestselling author of “End the Fed” and “The Revolution: A Manifesto” would close down five federal departments, cap federal spending at 15.5 percent of the GDP, stop raising the debt ceiling, veto any unbalanced budget and lower the corporate tax rate to 15 percent.
article:324693:35::0
