By Raneforezt@aol.com
Format:Audio CD
1. The Watcher (4/5)- It does have some interesting lyrics, and sets up for what will be the mood of the album, however the beat is rather sparse (although it does sound better the more I listen to it), especially coming  from Dre.
2. F___ You (4/5)- The production is more vintage Dre, with  the slinky synthesizer effect and heavy bassline. While it's a nice track  (southern rapper Devin, comes off the best, providing a sloppy, yet tight  hook), I can't give it a 5, since by 1999 I've heard one too many generic "I'm a pimp" songs.
3. Still D.R.E. (5/5) This is the best mesh  of Dre's old style (apparent in the layered bassline) and his newer style  (the pianos and violins instead of the synthesizers). Dre and Snoop both  come in full force lyrically, aptly displaying that they never really fell  off.
4. Big Ego's (5/5) Another great track, showcasing Dre's great use  of piano keys, over a great bassline. Entertaining lyrics from Dre, while  Hittman comes of especially nice on this track, overshadowing Dre lyrically  (even though he probably wrote Dre's verse too).
5. XXplosive (5/5)- A  laid back, acoutstic guitar laced, big pimpin' track, with an extremely  tight beat. Dre comes along with Kurupt and Nate Dogg (who's singing goes  perfect with the beat), which more than makes up for the tired subject  matter. Reminds me of classic Death Row material.
6. What's The  Difference (5/5)- An interesting horn laced beat. Dre speaks about his  feelings towards MC Ren, DOC, and Eazy-E. Xzibit comes nice with some battle rhymes, but Eminem completely rips the track to shreds. The only  problem with this track is that it lacks conception since everyone comes on  a different subject, but it's too hot not to get a 5.
7. Light Speed  (3.5/5)- 2001 isn't perfect, and songs like this are the reason why. He  tries to hard to go for a futuristic spacey sound (it does have a tight  'whistle' though), that ends up sound kinda corny, especially coming from a  vet like Dre. Not to mention a corny hook.
8. Forgot About Dre (5/5)- At  first I was lukewarm to the idea of Dre doing a 'bounce' beat, but after a  few listens, this song is one of the album's best. Dre speaks on how people  seem to forget that he helped mold gangsta rap, and he's demanding respect  is given where respect is due. As always, Eminem comes correct with a  excellet hook and verse.
9. The Next Episode (5/5)- Dre comes with a high  energy beat that never fails to get me amped (I can even overlook the fact  that he reworks an overused sample). The beat has a futuristic feel to it,  without becoming corny like Light Speed. This is the best collab between  Dre and Snoop (the energy and chemistry is perfect) since the Doggystyle  days. Nate Dogg rounds out the song with a fitting hook/verse.
10. Let's  Get High (0/5)- Where can I start? This is a hideously blantant attempt at  a club hit. For a moment I even thought I was listening to a Puff Daddy  album. This garbage completely mars the album. Horrible. Luckily no other  song on 2001 is this bad.
11. B___ N____z (5/5)- A tightly slow track  with a slinky, mellow vibe, with some good ol' scratching for the hook (a  technique that is underused lately). Like the majority of the album, the  lyrics are aimed at the haters, but the guests (Snoop, Hittman Six-Two)  keep it fresh. I personally like this one, but it may be too uneventful for  some to completely feel.
12. Murder Ink (3/5) Dre reworks the theme song  from the horror movie series Halloween. This creates an interestingly dark,  frantic vibe, which the emcees don't live up to (Dre doesn't rhyme on this  song). The vocal distortion techniuqe is helpful, but the psychotic lyrics  sound like a weaker Geto Boys impression. Hitman is pretty good (if  unoriginal), but Ms. Roq is lethargic at best, barely coming better than  her horrible verse on Let's Get High.
13. Some L.A. N____z (5/5)-  Another track in which Dre stay strictly behind the boards, this time  bringing in a wide array for west coast's emcees. The results are great,  over this extra tight laid back, on-and-off beat. I was hoping for a verse  from MC Ren, who only talks, so I'll have to wait for the NWA reuinion.
14. Housewife (4/5) The second time on the album that Dre recycles a  song title (The Next Episode being the first). This remake is much better  than the original version that appeared on Kuruption!, but it's still not  perfect. The beat is similar to the style used on F___ You (but better),  and similarly, the subject matter is worn out, especially the tired hook.  Still, it gets over by the beat alone.
15. Ackrite (2/5)- Another slip  up from Dre, this track that should've never left the studio. The parts of  the beat sounds like they were made on a cheap Casio keyboard. Along with  some weak lyrics from Hittman, a less than average hook, this song is  highly skipable material.
16. Bang Bang (4.5/5)- A more energetic song  than on 2001. It also has a catchy, sound effect laced hook. Nothing  spectacular lyric-wise, but still a nice joint.
17. The Message (5/5)-  The only song that Dre didn't produce (highly underrated east coast  producer Lord Finesse handled this one, which sounds a lot different than  his usually hardcore beats) The harp/piano sounds nice, although it would  fit better on a R&B album. The lyrics are emotional, portraying Dre  setting aside all his personas and coming from the heart in a dedication to  his deceased brother. While this song doesn't really fit in with the rest  of 2001, I can't knock it due the the personal content of the lyrics, which  I can definately feel (and is way better and heartfelt than the plethora of  dedication tracks that are on wack No Limit albums).
OVERALL: 4/5  Granted that Dre has a few slip ups (including intrusive interludes that  could've easily been left out), this is overall, a stellar album. Not quite  up to the revolutionary caliber like The Chronic- but a solid album  nonetheless. Wheras The Chronic changed the face of west coast rap, 2001 is  merely a change of pace for Dre, who's new sound is orignal for him, but in  hip hop as a whole it's too similar to a west coast spin on RZA's 'digital  orchestra' sound to be completely revolutionary. While Dre used to be one  to come with new styles that would revolutionize the west coast, he now  seems content with just holding it down, and proving the haters wrong  through his logenvity in the game, and in the process, coming with a tight  album.
