3.0 out of 5 stars
The Only Review You Will Need
Written by Susan B from Roslyn Heights
Dec 4, 2009
Sound Quality- You would think this of all things would be the most important aspect of a pair of headphones. Not so with there. I have a paid $150 for a pair of Audio Technica ATH-M50's, and they sound better. Not to say the Beats are terrible, they are don't measure up to other headphones in this price range. These will only blow away people used to stock earbuds, etc. 7/10.
Looks- Amazingly sleek and awesome. Just look at the pictures.
Build Quality- Wobbly, unstable, and every time you close them- they make a horrible snapping sound. It feels like you will break them! My left cup slides down all the time. Don't feel like $300 dollar headphones should. 6/10
Comfort- Amazing! Sit on your head perfectly, and enclose your ears. Your ears will never get sweaty, and you will want to wear them for hours on end. A little heavy for headphones but the comfort makes up for it. 10/10.
Noise Canceling- Creates a slight pressure on your ears, uncomfortable at first, but you get used to it. I don't fly often, but I used them on the bus today. Steady frequencies in the lower range are totally canceled. Mid-range and high frequencies are barely muffled. Voices are still there, as are any sudden noises. Only long frequencies (engines, air conditioners, etc.) are affected at all. Bose QC15's do a better job in this category, but create more pressure than the beats. With music all noises are gone, so I don't care. Bose QC15's actually cancel too much. You can't listen to music without the noise canceling on, which requires two AAA batteries. Creates a soft white noise in the background which you quickly forget about. 9/10.
Accessories- Lackluster cleaning cloth, airplane adapter, and horribly manufactured "iSoniTalk" cable. Hard case is ok. 3/10.
Price- These headphones are worth $150. I would consider $200 if I really needed the noise canceling (if I traveled a lot). I know it might be overwhelming, but consider other headphones from brands like Sennheiser, AKG, Grado, etc. They have double the sound quality for half the price.
Who does this appeal to? It appeals to "hip" people ages 10-25. Kids see celebrities or whoever endorses these. It is the "hot" product. Monster charges a ridiculous amount for one reason- people will pay it to look cool. This product has genius marketing behind it, but no actual substance.
Final Thoughts- I returned these. Getting studio headphones made much more sense. Sound that ACTUALLY sound like it does in the studio. Why? Because that is what they made the song on! Not Beats! They cost about half as much, and last forever. They are build solid and have anywhere from 2 to 10 years of warranty. They are actually respected among the audio world, not just fashion accessories. If that doesn't convince you, maybe this will. If you buy a pair of ATH-M50 headphones, they are around 150 dollars. They will sound better, and last longer. What would you buy with the $150 you save?
This was a long review, but I was completely honest. Please rate this review up, so people can read a real review. I didn't bash the Beats, or mindlessly praise them. I gave praise where it was due, and pointed out the flaws. It is up to you to decide. … More
2371 of 2640 people found this useful
Was this useful?
