Post a comment
1. Deep Cover- This song appeared on the soundtrack for the movie Deep Cover which was released in the early 90's. On this track, Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg drop some dope rhymes while talking about selling drugs and killing undercover cops. Hence the refrain "cuz it's 187 on an undercover cop."
2. F#*$@ wit Dre Day- This song appeared on Dr. Dre's debut solo album The Chronic released in the early 90's. The album was released when Dr. Dre was in a dispute with Eazy-E so Dr. Dre's lyrics are a harsh message to his former friend Eazy-E. This is apparent in the music video that was developed for this song. Once again, Dr. Dre and Snoop come together and flow together so melodically over this hard Dre beat.
3. Keep Their Heads Ringin- This song appeared on the Friday soundtrack. This song is exactly as it states. It keeps heads ringing with the phat baseline and awesome rhymes that only Dr. Dre knows how to craft.
4. Been There, Done That- Dr. Dre comes out and shows all the other MC's that he has done it all and that he is still around creating music. Dre uses a common "Dre beat" but has a much more grown up style with his lyrics as well as his flow. This song does not use his sidekick Snoop since they were in dispute at this point, but Dre's smooth bass voice flows so nicely on this track.
5. Nuttin but a "G" Thang- Well, well, well another song from the album The Chronic which blasts and bangs the speakers. Dr. Dre and Snoop flow very nicely as they are a great duo. This song is a true OG song and the lyrics describe what it's like to be a gangster. This song is so sleek and smooth and reiterates out the speakers.
6. Natural Born Killaz- Even though the title and the lyrics in the song are quite disturbing, the bass and hard voices of Ice Cube and Dr. Dre keeps the song stuck in the head for hours. This song appeared on the Murder was the Case soundtrack. Dre and Cube come back and put their talents together once again like they did in their NWA days.
7. Forgot About Dre- Anyone who thought that Dr. Dre fell off was reminded that he created the rap game in this 2001 release. The album was The Chronic 2001. This was Dr. Dre's return to the microphone after his many times over platinum debut The Chronic. Dr. Dre has more firepower in his arsenal at this point with the new acquisition of Eminem, whom has proved worthy in the rap game. Eminem and Dre proved to be a dynamic duo like Dre and Snoop had once been.
8. Let Me Ride- This release was on The Chronic as well. This song was a tough rap dance song. This song tells about the life of living large without all the bling of today's rap generation. The video presents many cars banging around on hydraulics to this hard Dre beat. Snoops smooth voice flows on this track as well.
9. The Next Episode- This hit, also coming from Dre's newest released CD The Chronic 2001 was America's and the rest of the world's first look at Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg reunited. They buried the hatchet and teamed up once again. When these two pioneer rappers come together to make music it doesn't fall very short of perfection. With Snoop's OG style and Dre's deep voice this song hit's hard. This song goes to show that you can't hold a Dog down.
10. Bi@#$&* Aint Sh$*- This is the final song on the album The Chronic. It is a little more up tempo and speaks of the fallout between Dr. Dre and Eazy-E. The song starts out "I use to know this b@#$ named Eric Wright (Eazy-E), we use to roll around and f@#$ the ho's at night." Even though this song deviates from the rest of the album in regards to flow, it hits hard with the fat Dre beat. This song pretty much sums up the rest of The Chronic LP as well.
Dr. Dre, also known as Andre Young, a former member of NWA and The World Class Wreckin Crew, is better known for creating and molding talent and constructing dope, raw beats, but his debut album as well as his second album are sensational and include some of the great songs mentioned above. When Dr. Dre touches any type of music he does some sensational things. Even if the listener doesn't care for the lyrics, the beat gets them hooked and they begin to "bob" their head and he keeps their heads ringing.
Published by Matthew Fender
My name is Matthew James Fender. I have a beautiful little son. I am a member of the armed forces. I am now an Iowa graduate with a degree in both finance and management and have been unable to find the drea...   View profile
