Death Of A Dynasty
Free | IMDB Videos Released: 2005
Death of a Dynasty -- Death of a Dynasty is Damon Dash's slapstick parody of the industry that made him rich. Dash is the CEO of Roc-a-Fella records, home to hip-hop's biggest seller: Jay Z. The film is a fictionalized account of a beef between Dash and Z over the party chick Picasso, played by the sometimes model, sometimes actress, always disconcertingly teenage looking Devon Aoki.
   FULL MOVIE
Training Day
Free | IMDB Videos Released: 2001
Training Day -- Working undercover is a job. And an attitude. A mad dog narco cop blurs the line between cop and criminal as he mentors anidealistic rookie partner during his Training Day.
   FULL MOVIE
Whiteboys
$9.99 | iTunes Released: 2005
Danny Hoch is the irrepressible Flip, the hip-hop poet of his own white boy crew.  The son of a working class Iowa family, Flip just wants "to keep it real."  In his mind that means moving into the Chicago ghetto to live and write million-dollar rap hits like his heroes.  Flip and his friends; Trevor (Mark Webber), James (Dash Mihok) and college-bound girlfriend Sara (Piper Perabo), drink forty-ouncers, smoke Philly blunts, cruise around in James' truck and aspire to be gangsta rappers.  Then they meet Khalid (Eugene Byrd), an upper-class black kid recently transplanted from Chicago.  When Flip gets him out of a run-in with the law, Khalid owes him.  He agrees to take Flip and the gang to Chicago, where Flip's fantasy gangster world meets reality in a way he never imagined.  Featuring special appearances by Fat Joe, Dead Prez, Mic Geronimo, Slick Rick, Doug E. Fresh, and Snoop Dog.
   FULL MOVIE
Death Of A Dynasty
$9.99 | Amazon Instant Video Released: 2005
Death of a Dynasty is Damon Dash's slapstick parody of the industry that made him rich. Dash is the CEO of Roc-a-Fella records, home to hip-hop's biggest seller: Jay Z. The film is a fictionalized account of a beef between Dash and Z over the party chick Picasso, played by the sometimes model, sometimes actress, always disconcertingly teenage looking Devon Aoki.
