April 22nd, 2012, 10:17 pm by BEN WENER, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER
The Hives perform on Sunday. Kelly A. Swift, For The Orange County Register.
It’s been another good day, no point in denying that just because I’ve been worn down to a barely mobile stump by consecutive Coachella festivals.
If I had only come to Weekend 2, I’d have come away pleased. Granted, in the overall box score, the winning Sunday hands-down was Weekend 1′s: better weather, better build-up to a big-surprise finish. By comparison, today has been consistently strong but completely as expected — Hives rocked just not quite as hard, Wild Flag rocked just not quite as hard, etc. Best Saturday honors, however, easily go to Weekend 2′s magnetic marathon, which took already familiar material from a string of first-rate bands and molded something far more intoxicating out of their wares than what was on icy display last weekend.
As for the Fridays, I’m calling it a draw; each was worthwhile. So don’t be down, Second Weekend Coachellans: you saw plenty of amazing performances Plus, your Gotye singalong on “Somebody That I Used to Know” was nearly as rapturous as the first weekend’s, especially since you had to handle Kimbra’s part. (Turns out she couldn’t make it twice in a row. And the wild rumor I heard, that Thom Yorke would take her place … well, of course that didn’t happen. Yorke coming out with Modeselektor, with whom he has recorded? That one was plausible, if ultimately just as untrue. But coming out to help sing Gotye’s viral smash? Fat chance.)
(Correction: This was written before hearing that Yorke did indeed perform one tune with Modeselektor during Weekend 2, though not Weekend 1.)
True, the night isn’t over, so perhaps I’m pre-judging … and tomorrow morning maybe I’ll feel differently. After all, who but Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg (and their inner circle) know what’s coming next? Maybe it will be the same exact show as last Sunday — in which case, the smart ones better head toward the exit as soon as they get a glimpse of VirtuPac (assuming he gets an encore appearance, that is). But my money is on at least a change-up or two from the event’s all-star hip-hop celebration. How about Ice Cube instead of 50 Cent ?
UPDATE, 2 a.m.: Nope. It was the same Dre & Snoop show. Only, this time Eminem was really on his game.
