Sensitivity: 20-220(HZ)
Product Features
Adjustable / bendable ear hook with flexible arm delivers secure and comfortable fit that always stays in
Sweat resistant and UV protected, ideal for those who love getting athletic to music, indoors or outdoors
Built-in subwoofer and midrange tweeter pump out massive bass, ultra smooth vocals and clear, crisp highs
Advanced passive sound isolation delivers music with power yet keeps your surroundings audible
ControlTalk on-cable mic for convenient hands-free calling with iPhones and smartphones
One interesting feature of the Powerbeats’ phones is their flexible ear hooks with adjustable wrap-around arms. These keep the earphones securely in place, allowing you to move freely and jump around without worrying about the buds falling out. Plus, they resist sweat and reflect ultra-violet light, keeping your ears protected while outdoors.
A unique speaker-positioning system and ported driver housing allow you to hear nearby speech and chatter, like from your teammates or coach. Powerbeats’ ControlTalk technology, located midway down the wire, lets you search and control your music and talk hands-free (on an iPhone).
Most important, the headphones emit a full spectrum of sound—from the deep bass through the smooth mid-range tones to the crisp highs.
Product Discription
Music is a driving force in the game of many top athletes. Now, it can bring out the best in yours. Whether you work out hard at the gym, play to win in team sports, or enjoy moving to music, Powerbeats is the breakthrough in-ear headphone you've been waiting for.
Gone are the days of buds threatening to fall out of your ears and cramp your playing style. An adjustable/bendable ear hook with flexible arm keeps Powerbeats securely in place, no matter how aggressively you move. Plus, they resist sweat and ultra-violet light, ideal for the outdoors.
What's more, Powerbeats deliver awe-inspiring sound with separate subwoofer and midrange tweeter for thunderous bass, silky vocals and clean, undistorted highs. And advanced passive sound isolation keeps the music in with your surroundings audible so you stay on top of your game.
Better still, ControlTalk conveniently located on-cable, makes it easy to take calls hands-free without fumbling for your smartphone, iPhone or iPad. Plus, it gives you track seeking control with any MP3 player, iPod, or music phone.
what's in the box:
100% Brand new luxurious original box.
1×Monster Beats By Dr.Dre Power Beats Sport Headphone
3× Standard Monster Designed Ear-tips
1x Carrying Casel
