Home » Dr Dre » Dr Dre Website
Dr Dre Website
Sponsored Links:
Home Page | Biography | Trivia | Music and Career | Life and Career | Life Story | Discography | Filmography | Photos Gallery | Desktop Wallpapers | Quotes
“I love making music. This is what I was put here to do, to make music. I love doing this, man, it’s almost like a high for me. If I’m out of the studio too long, it feels funny.”
Why we like him ??
More than any other rapper, Dr. Dre was responsible for moving away from the avant-noise and political stance of Public Enemy and Boogie Down Productions as well as the party vibes of old-school rap. Instead, Dre pioneered gangsta rap and his own variation of the sound, G-funk. BDP’s early albums were hardcore but cautionary tales of the criminal mind, but Dre’s records with N.W.A. celebrated the hedonistic, amoralistic side of gang life.
Why is he famous ??
Dr. Dre Andre Young is an African-American record producer, rapper, and record executive, and is one of the wealthiest, most influential, most successful and well-known producers in the field of hip hop music. Dre became famous as a member of iconic gangsta rap group N.W.A., continuing his success as a best-selling solo rapper, and most famously, the founder of record labels Death Row Records and Aftermath Entertainment.
He is possibly most celebrated today as the mentor or driving force behind megastars Snoop Dogg and Eminem. The artists on his sizeable today Aftermath roster include multi-platinum artists such as Eminem, 50 Cent, and more recently Busta Rhymes, Eve, Stat Quo, The Game and of course Dr. Dre himself.
Welcome to Dr. Dre “André Young” website, and its dedicated to the one who does what he wants, has fun doing it and gets more successful by the year. Not to mention the fact that we listen to his music every day.
Here you can find almost everything about Dr. Dre, Profile, Biography, Trivia, Filmography , Movies ( you can purchase any of his movies ) , a big Photos Gallery, Albums ( you can purchase any of his albums ), Songs Lyrics, Icons, Posters ( if you want to see his posters allover your walls you can get them here ) , Books, Famous Quotes, and a beautiful collection of Dr. Dre for your desktops.
Just Enjoy surfing Dr. Dre website, and don’t forget to come back to check new things often.
Related Information:
