Ice-T focuses on hip-hop craft in 'The Art of Rap'
AP - Fri, Jun 15, 2012 10:35 AM PDT
Ice-T is infatuated with the clever wordplay associated with rap music. More »Ice-T focuses on hip-hop craft in 'The Art of Rap'
Ice-T is infatuated with the clever wordplay associated with rap music.
Ice-T focuses on rap craft in 'The Art of Hip-Hop'
AP - Fri, Jun 15, 2012 9:07 AM PDT
Ice-T is infatuated with the clever wordplay associated with rap music. More »Ice-T focuses on rap craft in 'The Art of Hip-Hop'
Ice-T is infatuated with the clever wordplay associated with rap music.
The Ultimate 'Hip-Hop' Playlist
The Insider - Tue, Jun 12, 2012 5:04 AM PDT
MTV2's Hip Hop Squares brings together the industry's most acclaimed -- and beloved -- R&B stars to play a revamped version of the classic game show. So that certainly … More »The Ultimate 'Hip-Hop' Playlist
MTV2's Hip Hop Squares brings together the industry's most acclaimed -- and beloved -- R&B stars to play a revamped version of the classic game show. So that certainly puts the pressure on Ms. Nix, the House DJ, to spin the freshest tracks at all times.
Rising rapper Kendrick Lamar lights up Bonnaroo
AP - Fri, Jun 8, 2012 12:19 AM PDT
Everyone loves Kendrick Lamar — from the toughest customers in Compton to the crunchiest fans at the Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival. More »Rising rapper Kendrick Lamar lights up Bonnaroo
Everyone loves Kendrick Lamar — from the toughest customers in Compton to the crunchiest fans at the Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival.
Kristen Stewart: I Saw Tupac Hologram With Katy Perry at Coachella!
Us Weekly - Tue, May 8, 2012 4:30 PM PDT
Robert Pattinson's love said she and Perry were "like Moses parting the waves of Coachella" to get to the front row More »Kristen Stewart: I Saw Tupac Hologram With Katy Perry at Coachella!
Robert Pattinson's love said she and Perry were "like Moses parting the waves of Coachella" to get to the front row
Dr. Dre: Tupac Hologram 'Strictly For Coachella'
Access Hollywood - Mon, Apr 23, 2012 1:48 PM PDT
Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg's performance with a holographic Tupac Shakur at the Coachella music festival might be the last time fans see that collaboration. After audiences … More »Dr. Dre: Tupac Hologram 'Strictly For Coachella'
Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg's performance with a holographic Tupac Shakur at the Coachella music festival might be the last time fans see that collaboration. After audiences and fans were blown away by the concert magic last weekend, online speculation swirled that the rappers might mount a tour with a holographic form of the …
Tupac Shakur Hologram Could Go on Tour After Coachella Success
Us Weekly - Tue, Apr 17, 2012 9:45 AM PDT
Dr. Dre has a "massive vision" for the virtual Tupac, says the visual-effects company that created the image More »Tupac Shakur Hologram Could Go on Tour After Coachella Success
Dr. Dre has a "massive vision" for the virtual Tupac, says the visual-effects company that created the image
Tupac Hologram May Tour
Access Hollywood - Tue, Apr 17, 2012 7:06 AM PDT
The holographic Tupac Shakur performance wowed and amazed the crowd on Sunday at the Coachella music festival - and the performance in the California desert might … More »Tupac Hologram May Tour
The holographic Tupac Shakur performance wowed and amazed the crowd on Sunday at the Coachella music festival - and the performance in the California desert might be the first of many to come.
Tupac Hologram "Performs" With Snoop Dogg at Coachella
Us Weekly - Mon, Apr 16, 2012 10:52 AM PDT
The late rapper was resurrected in Hologram form during a performance Sunday night More »Tupac Hologram "Performs" With Snoop Dogg at Coachella
The late rapper was resurrected in Hologram form during a performance Sunday night
Dr Dre, Snoop Dogg bring back Tupac at Coachella
Reuters - Mon, Apr 16, 2012 9:26 AM PDT
INDIO, CALIF (Reuters) - Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg resurrected late rapper Tupac Shakur as an onstage hologram singing hit songs and wowing crowds alongside other hip … More »Dr Dre, Snoop Dogg bring back Tupac at Coachella
INDIO, CALIF (Reuters) - Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg resurrected late rapper Tupac Shakur as an onstage hologram singing hit songs and wowing crowds alongside other hip hop stars to close the first weekend of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on Sunday night. The life-sized figure of Shakur, who died at age 25 in a …
 
