Dr. Dre – Chillin’ (feat. Swizz Beatz)
Something new from Dr. Dre called Chillin’ featuring Swizz Beat, supposedly from Detox.
25 Feb Posted by IHHM Staff in Hip Hop Videos , Videos | 18 comments
Dr. Dre – I Need A Doctor Video (ft. Eminem & Skylar Grey)
Videos powered by ComeWatchMe.com Music video from Dr. Dre for “I Need A Doctor” featuring Eminem & Skylar Grey and is produced by British producer Alex da Kid. ”I Need a Doctor“, is the second official single by Dr. Dre from his third and final studio album, Detox.
18 Feb Posted by IHHM Staff in Hip Hop Videos , Videos | 1 comment
Dr. Dre Doesn’t Know About Sleek By 50 Headphones
Videos powered by ComeWatchMe.com A cold war between former allies Dr. Dre and G-Unit frontman 50 Cent seems to be on the horizon, after Dr. Dre responded to 50?s tweets surrounding his new Sleek line of headphones. Let the fuckry begin….. Only Hip Hop could bring about a headphone beef, hilarious.
30 Dec Posted by IHHM Staff in Audio , Free Music Downloads , Music | 48 comments
Eminem – Syllables (feat. Jay-Z, Dr. Dre, 50 Cent, Stat Quo & Ca$his)
Here it is, the track that has the web in a frenzy right now, it’s from Eminem and it’s called “Syllables” featuring Jay-Z, Dr. Dre, 50 Cent, Stat Quo & Ca$his. My bad for being about 12 hours late but I’m in slow motion right now, with this crazy flu that crept up on me. ...
11 Dec Posted by IHHM Staff in Hip Hop Videos , Videos | 8 comments
Dr. Dre – Kush Video (Ft. Snoop Dogg & Akon)
Music video from Dr. Dre for “Kush” featuring Snoop Dogg & Akon. Kush is the lead single from the long awaited and highly anticipated Detox album, which is set for release in spring 2011.
03 Dec Posted by IHHM Staff in Audio , Free Music Downloads , Music | 9 comments
Game – Kush (Remix)
Game adds a verse to Dr. Dre's single "Kush" and of course in classic Game fashion name dropping was in full effect, and the name is none other than 50 Cent. What else is new?
17 Nov Posted by IHHM Staff in Audio , Free Music Downloads , Music | 9 comments
Dr. Dre – I Need A Doctor (feat. Eminem & Skylar Grey)
Here's a new one from Dr. Dre titled "I Need A Doctor" featuring Eminem & Liz Rodrigues. The track leaked earlier this morning, just as Interscope launched DrDre.com with the official mix of “Kush”. Dre said yesterday on Big Boy’s Neighborhood that he wasn’t planning on pushing “Kush” as a single because it’s the only weed song on Detox and he didn’t want people to think that’s what the album is about, but the positive response so far has made him reconsider.
17 Nov Posted by IHHM Staff in Hip Hop News , Magazines | 2 comments
Dr. Dre Covers XXL (December/January)
I’m really feeling it now. My energy has been back and forth with the record, tussling with doing it out of obligation, as opposed to doing it because I really feel it. My feelings about it have been going up and down. Now I’m in that place where I’m really feeling it, and it’s coming out right. It’s like, Yeah, I’m excited about it.
16 Nov Posted by IHHM Staff in Audio , Free Music Downloads , Music | 18 comments
Dr. Dre – Kush (feat. Snoop Dogg & Akon)
Here is thew first single (supposedly) from Dr. Dre Detox album, the track is titled "Kush" featuring Snoop Dogg & Akon. They should have added Wiz Khalifa to this for good measure. What are your thoughts on this one?
18 Aug Posted by IHHM Staff in Audio , Free Music Downloads , Music | 1 comment
Raekwon – About Me (Remix) (feat. Game) [prod. Dr. Dre]
Off the iTunes Gold Edition of Only Built 4 Cuban Linx… Pt. II which is available on iTunes now.
17 Aug Posted by IHHM Staff in Audio , Free Music Downloads , Music | 12 comments
Dr. Dre – Turn Me On
Here's a unreleased track from Dr. Dre titled "Turn Me On" which is most likely a Detox joint that may or may not be the album whenever it comes out, that's if it ever does come out.
24 Jun Posted by IHHM Staff in Audio , Free Music Downloads , Music | 16 comments
Game ft. Robin Thicke – Phantom (prod. Dr. Dre)
Another one from Game's Red Album titled Phantom featuring Robin Thick, produced by Dr. Dre. Haven't really heard anything substantial from this album yet.
