16 Bitches Ain't Shit Lyrics
More Dr. Dre lyrics
Day the Niggaz Took Over Lyrics by Dr. Dre
(I'ma say this and I'ma end mine
If you ain't down, for the Africans here
in the United States, period point blank..
If you ain't down for the ones that suffered in South Africa
from apartheid and shit
Devil you need to step your punk ass to the side
and let us brothers, and us Africans, step in
and start puttin some FOOT, in that ass!!)
"Break 'em off somethin" (repeat 8X)
Chorus: Snoop Doggy Dogg (repeat 2X)
I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
[Daz]
Dem wonder why me violent and no really understand
For de reason why me take me law, in me own, hand
Me not out for peace and me not Rodney King
De gun goes - click, me gun goes - bang
Dem riot in Compton and dem riot in Long Beach
Dem riot in L.A. cause dem no really want to see
niggaz start to loot and police start to shoot
Lock us down at seven o'clock, barricades us like Beirut
Me don't show no love cause it's us against dem
Dem never ever love me cause it's sport to break dem
and kill, at my own risk, if I may
to lay, to spray, with my AK, and put it to rest
Interlude: (*female reporter*)
There have been riots, ahh uh, rioting
Well I don't want to say rioting
but there's been looting downtown
But right now Bree, what I want to show you is
they have started fires down at the end of the street)
[All] How many niggaz are ready to loot?
[Snoop] Yeah, so what you want to do?
[Dre] What you want to do?
[All] I said how many niggaz are ready to loot?
"Got myself a Uzi and my brother a 9" --> KRS-One
(That's what they told us today
In other words, you still a slave
No matter how much money you got, you still ain't shit)
[Dr. Dre]
Sittin in my living room, calm and collected
Feelin that gotta-get-mine perspective
cause what I just heard, broke me in half
and half the niggaz I know, plus the niggaz on the Row is bailin
Laugh now but cry much later
Ya see when niggaz get together
they get mad cause they can't fade us
Like my niggaz from South Central, Los Angeles
They found that they couldn't handle us
Bloods, Crips on the same squad
with the Ese's help and nigga it's time to rob and mob
(And break the white man off somthin lovely, biddy-bye-bye
I don't love dem so dem can't love me)
Yo, straight puttin it down gettin my scoot on
It's jump in off in Compton so I gots to get my loot on
and come up on me some furniture or somethin
Got a VCR, in the back of my car
that I ganked from the Slausson Swap Meet
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
Cause they will see that I can't be stopped
cause I'ma cock my Glock and pop til they all drop
Interlude: (*female ...
Printing this content is prohibited.
DAY THE NIGGAZ TOOK OVER Lyrics provided by
Lyrics Provided by LyricFind Terms
Alternate spellings: dr dre, dr.dre.
Dr. Dre Day the Niggaz Took Over Lyrics
