Record label for Dr. Dre
Priority Records
Priority Records is an American record label, owned and operated by EMI, which has made a name for itself dealing primarily in hip hop, pop and world. Priority has also provided distribution for other labels such as Rap-A-Lot Records, Ruthless Records, Death Row Records, Wu-Tang Records, Rawkus... Records, No Limit Records, Roc-A-Fella Records, Scarface Records, Black Market Records, Rhythm Safari and Tass Radio Records. The Los Angeles-based company  was formed in 1985 by three former K-tel executives: Bryan Turner, Mark Cerami and Steve Drath. Initial funding was provided by R-tek, a company headed by former K-tel board members: Ray and Harold Kives, and their company took an initial 50% ownership in Priority. Priority bought out the R-tek interest in 1987. To support early operations, Priority licensed repertoire from others and released compilation albums but soon began to develop its own significant artist roster.
Death Row Records
Founded:1991
Death Row Records was a record label founded in 1991 by Marion "Suge" Knight Jr. and Andre Young . It was the record label of many popular West Coast hip hop artists such as 2Pac, Snoop Doggy Dogg, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg and rap group Tha Dogg Pound consisting of rappers Kurupt and Daz Dillinger also... Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes of TLC although most departed from the label after its demise following the murder of Tupac Shakur in 1996. The collapse of Death Row Records meant its title as a powerful hip-hop label was subsequently revoked despite attempts from the last remaining founder and CEO at the time, Suge Knight, that included signing new talents and releasing many compilations of previously unreleased content recorded by ex-Death Row artists. The label filed for bankruptcy in 2006 and on January 15, 2009, Death Row Records was successfully auctioned to entertainment development company WIDEawake Entertainment Group, Inc. for $18 million. Death Row has sold nearly 50 million albums worldwide, and generated close to $750 million in revenue. In the late '80's, producer Andre "Dr. Dre" Young was a member of the gangsta rap group N.W.A.
