By Lily on
The main difference between the Beats by Dr. Dre Solo and the beats studio by dr dre seems to be, for lack of a better word, to update. Monster Beats offers better audio quality and is a more elegant version of its predecessor, but if money is your main concern, then read this critical comparison between the family and Beats by Dr. Dre headphones Monster High Definition Beats.Beats study High performance insulation (Kobe Bryant Limited Edition) beatsbydreseller.com reached, and only $ 199.
The monster tour Just beautiful and elegant design and stylish (the bat logo on the side). The cups are incredibly comfortable. Are "in the ear" and the sleeves are more compact than the original beats. They have soft padding and a pivot easily and safely. Which is constructed like the Logitech ClearChat, sturdy metal flexible plastic coated with certain types of filling on top to help comfort. After about an hour and a half, began to be a little uncomfortable.
Unfortunately, the audio is just terrible. Sounds a bit damp and inaudible, even. This is probably due to a very low excess energy. All that is heavy on the rhythm probably will not sound good with headphones. Soft music was interesting, though.
Monster Beats Dr. Dre headphones are much more elegant than the dr dre the beats headphones. Collar is thick and glossy, and is also the top of the padded comfort. Beats headphones logo really works as a mute button on and off with the switch to the right under the Noise Reduction feature (which must be used so that you can use headphones).
Ear Cuffs are "ear" as well and are very comfortable. The sound quality is more stable and sharper than the times (in fact, the sound is surprisingly clear). The low will move permanently, but beats Monster headphones by Dr. Dre are more balanced. Hull based Heavy normally ignores adding audio quality, but it sounds really good. The headphones run away, but definitely for people to hear the audio.
Ultimately, if the dollar amounts are big business, the Beats by Dr. Dre could be for you - but do not think the sound quality is worth the money. In addition, the Monster Beats by Dr. Dre headphones are very
sound quality and even more elegant than the Beats headphones only. If you are going to spend that money, you might as well save it for the dr dre headphones .
Related Articles:
