Promote your iTunes albums and singles. More info…
Ads by Somanymp3s.com
The opening frame states that the date is February 18th, 2001, which was Dr. Dre’s 36th birthday. Dr. Dre is looking out into the ocean as images of his early days as a DJ appear, along with brief snippets of NWA videos and photos of Easy E — who died in 1995. Other home movies of Dr. Dre’s wedding and hanging out with his family also surface during this montage. The song hasn’t begun yet, just a backing score that is incredibly dramatic.
Dr. Dre gets inside of his Ferrari 360 and starts to drive on the windy road near the coastline. As he revs the horsepower, more iconic videos of Dr. Dre with Snoop Dogg, 2Pac, and Eminem fill the mind of Dre — taking his eyes off the road. Dr. Dre flips his Ferrari in a horrific crash that totals the $100,000+ sports car. While the car is in mid-air, a child’s voice can be heard saying, “Goodnight Daddy.”
The video then flashforwards to “years later” as Dr. Dre is hooked up to a breathing machine in a room filled with dozens of doctors in lab coats. Apparently, the fact that the video is stating that Dr. Dre wrecked his car in 2001, and has been hooked up to these machines in a non-descript building for the past 10-years is representative of Dre disappearing from the public eye as a performer and instead staying behind the mixing board as a producer.
A female spirit/hologram appears over the body of Dr. Dre singing the opening lines sung by Skylar Grey.
“I’m about to lose my mind
You’ve been gone for so long
I’m running out of time
I need a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life.”
Eminem walks into the room and starts to rap as Dr. Dre’s body lies motionless on the table in front of him. Eminem angrily raps to Dr. Dre,
“I owe my life to you
Before the life of me
I don’t see why you don’t see like I do
But it just dawned on me, you lost a son
See this light in you, it’s dark
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you
I don’t think you realize what you mean to me
Not the slightest clue
You goin’ either wanna fight me when I get off this fuckin’ mic
Or you goin’ to hug me
But I’m not an option
There’s nothing else I can do cause …”
… which then goes back into the chorus. The line about “You lost a son” is not a metaphor, as Dr. Dre’s 20-year-old son Andre Young Jr. died in 2008 from a drug overdose — making both the literal and figurative metaphors of Eminem’s lyrics even stronger. Eminem continues to go on the offensive as he raps to Dr. Dre — who is now in a Luke Skywalker-like “Bacta Tank” from Empire Strikes Back.
“It hurts me when I see you struggle
You come to me with ideas
You say they’re just pieces so I’m puzzled
Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But you’re either getting lazy or you don’t believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions, not one you can form
Can’t make a decision you keep questioning yourself
Second guessing and it’s almost like you’re begging for my help
Like I’m your leader
You’re supposed to fucking be my mentor
I can endure no more
I demand you remember who you are
It was you, who believed in me.”
Dr. Dre finally wakes up after being in the coma for nearly 10-years — this time it is a figurative metaphor — and starts his Rocky Balboa-esque physical rehabilitation in an abandoned factory. An incredibly buff Dr. Dre starts his part of the track, and it’s angry.
“It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was yesterday though
You walked in, yellow jump suit
Whole room, cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth, told you, like smoke
Went through friends, some of them I put on
But they just left, they said they was riding to the death
But where the fuck are they now
Now that I need them, I don’t see none of them
All I see is Slim
Fuck all you fair-weather friends
All I need is him
Fucking backstabbers.”
Maybe “angry” isn’t the right word. Furious. Livid. Fuming. Enraged. Who knows exactly whom Dr. Dre is rapping about, but it seems to be everybody except for Eminem. Even though video of Snoop Dogg and Ice Cube appear in “I Need a Doctor,” one would have to believe that he is calling them out as “backstabbers” and “fair-weather friends.” Wow. Of course, everyone else in the video that was a one-time friend of Dre is dead, as is the case with both 2Pac and Easy E.
And, in what is a very surprisingly ending, Dr. Dre kneels down at the gravesite of his one-time friend and collaborator. With all the mention of people who have died that have been close to Dr. Dre in this video, one would think that the gravesite would be that of either 2Pac or his son Andre, but in a very big twist it turns out to be the grave of Eric Wright — a.k.a. Easy E. The surprising thing about this is that Dre and Easy E had a very serious feud going on after the break-up of NWA, and only made amends a few weeks before his death in March of 1995.
“I Need a Doctor” is the second single to be released off of Dr. Dre’s upcoming album Detox, which will be his first album since 1999’s The Chronic 2001. Dr. Dre is credited with launching the careers of some of the biggest rap stars in the history of music, but sometimes people forget that he was at one time the biggest name in the genre. If he continues to put out epic videos like “I Need a Doctor,” he may well be on his way to earning back his one-time crown.
Music video by Dr. Dre performing I Need A Doctor featuring Eminem and Skylar Grey (Explicit). © 2011 Aftermath Records
