 
Awesome.
First off I like to say that, at Staples, they had a 20% off on this Beats by Dr. Dre Solo Headphones. Normally I was planning on getting the Studio model but it ... Read complete review
First off I like to say that, at Staples, they had a 20% off on this Beats by Dr. Dre Solo Headphones. Normally I was planning on getting the Studio model but it costed way too much, and the only difference that I find it with these two different models is that Studio is bigger, but no difference in sound quality. Bass is about the same. The only difference is that the Studio has the noise cancellation, but I believe that the Solo model has it someone built in if you listen to it loud because you can't hear anyone if you are playing music.
As far as Durability, I heard they did revise the model to make it stronger, but I'm always careful because I've heard stories where this headphone would break easily. Either they are not gentle with it when they are putting them on or off, or that their head is too big. It is durable but I'm always careful with them as I have heard such stories.
The sound quality is awesome, the bass is awesome, I have the iphone 4, and even if the volume is in the middle, bass is strong.
For those that are complaining that this product is fragile, this headphone may not be for you if you aren't taking care of it. Treat your headphone the same way as you treat your beautiful gadgets, such as the iphone 4.
VS
 
dr. dre solo is OK....
this solo headphone basically is good, but not worth that much of money (189*(1-20%) when I bought it on BF 2010). the sound is just ok, no surprise at all... Read complete review
this solo headphone basically is good, but not worth that much of money (189*(1-20%) when I bought it on BF 2010). the sound is just ok, no surprise at all. De-noise part is done well, but this pro is based on the uncomfortable long-time-wearing design. You know what I am saying?!? You could not use that for a long time (it hurts).
The ear-pad design is horrible and ridiculous, which is very easy to fall off. Because its switch is so loose that you can switch it off even without notice! I lost one ear-pad without notice (Luckily found it later) when I put it off and hang it on my neck when checking out in grocery store. The design about this part sucks and feels cheap.
It may be more suitable for apple products than other players, because it comes with a special cord tailored for apple products. (Did not try too many other players though)
Not a bad thing, if you would use it once in a while. But I don't suggest you choose it as your unique headphone. (Simply Speaking, two reasons: 1. sound is just ok; 2. not comfortable)
REVIEWS
