Sign : Aquarius
Hometown : Los Angeles, USA
Dr.    DRE Biography : Dre    (born Andre Young, February 18, 1965) became involved in hip-hop during the    early ’80s, He started off as a D.J for parties as a teenager, and soon    earned himself a spot in the "Eve After Dark" club, performing at    house parties and clubs with the World Class Wreckin’ Cru around South    Central Los Angeles and making a handful of recordings along the way. He was    raised in Compton, and got his nickname by adoring basketball superstar, Dr.    J.
His step-brother is Warren G. His brother got killed in a fight while Dre was    on tour with N.W.A "My brother was my best friend. He was three years younger    than me." Dre tells of being on the road when he received a phone call    with the bad news. "You never forget that."
Once a member of the rather    anonymous group, "World Class Wreckin’ Cru", Dr Dre earned himself    a name by producing tracks for Eazy-E, the D.O.C and others, and later became    a gangsta rap pioneer as a co-founder, member, co-producer and rapper in the    controversial group, N.W.A. (Niggaz With Attitude). With N.W.A. he melded the    noise collages of the Bomb Squad with funky rhythms. On his own, he reworked    George Clinton’s elastic funk into the self-styled G-funk, a slow-rolling    variation that relied more on sound than content. When he left N.W.A. in 1992,    he founded Death Row Records with Suge Knight, and shortly after released "The    Chronic" (1992), which sold over three million copies, won two Grammy Awards,    and is still considered to be one of the most influential rap albums ever. The    album introduced the new Death Row artists, such as Snoop Doggy Dogg and Tha    Dogg Pound. The following Death Row album, Snoop Doggy Dogg’s "Doggystyle",    was produced by Dr. Dre, and sold four million copies.
Soon, most rap records imitated its sound, and his productions for Snoop Doggy    Dogg and Blackstreet were massive hits.
In 1994 he directed the short film "Murder Was The Case", and co-produced    the soundrack.
In 1995 he left Death Row,    and started his own label, "Aftermath Entertainment", a joint venture    with Interscope Records. Dre’s first album for Aftermath, the various-artists    collection Dr. Dre Presents...The Aftermath received considerable media attention,    but the record didn’t become a hit. There were also rumors of an N.W.A.    reunion, but it seems that Dre was not interested...
Dr    Dre Discography :
Release Date: November 16, 1999
Label: Interscope Records
Release    Date: November 26, 1996
Label: Interscope Records
Audio CD: May 22, 2001
Label: Death Row
