01 Get Low Remix Feat Dr Dre Low
Listen - file location: getmopie.com
02 Fuck Wit Dre Day
Listen - file location: share.olderan.net
04 Crack A Bottle Ft Dr Dre 50 Cent2
Listen - file location: mp3.imposemagazine.com
05 Fat Joe P Diddy Feat Dre Girl Im A Bad Boy Rns
Listen - file location: home.no
06 Dr Dre Hello Dj Karzoz Mixtape So High
Listen - file location: dealer2sons.free.fr
11 Dr Dre Kush Feat Snoop Dogg Akon Untagged
Listen - file location: rapradar.files.wordpress.com
2006mix 07 Deeez Nuuuts Dr Dre
Listen - file location: idletherletme.com
25 Eminem My Mom Prod Dr Dre
Listen - file location: buymixtapes.com
2pac Dmx Nas Snoop Dogg Dr Dre Next Episode
Listen - file location: 5mp.eu
30 Something Produced Dr Dre Jay Z
Listen - file location: mysincerethoughts.com
Page :  1 2 3 ... 10   Next »
We have 100 different dr dre songs. You can listen Dr Dre music by left clicking on the titles.    You can create your playlist with Dr Dre tracks from our search results and add any of these to your playlist for free.    Did you check the box below on the right? Yes you can legally download Dr Dre mp3 files.  We are continuously updating our database for Dr Dre's song list
 Watch Latest Dr Dre Video
Loading the player ...
 Quick facts about Dr dre
André Romelle Young (born February 18, 1965 in Los Angeles, California), better known by his stage name Dr. Dre, is an American record producer, rapper, actor and record executive. He is the founder and current CEO of Aftermath Entertainment and a former co-owner and artist of Death Row Records, also having produced albums for and overseeing the careers of many rappers signed to those record labels. As a producer he is credited as a key figure in the popularization of West Coast G-funk, a style of rap music characterized as synthesizer-based with slow, heavy beats.   Dr. Dre began his career in music as a member of the World Class Wreckin’ Cru and he later found fame with the influential gangsta rap group N.W.A, which popularized the use of explicit lyrics in rap to detail the violence of street life. His 1992 solo debut The Chronic, released under Death Row Records, led him to become one of the best-selling American performing artists of 1993. In 1996 he left Death Row to found his own label Aftermath Entertainment, producing a compilation album, Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath, in 1997 and releasing a solo album titled 2001 in 1999.During the 2000s he focused his career on production for other artists, while occasionally contributing vocals in other artists’ songs. Rolling Stone named him among the highest-paid performers of 2001 and 2004. Dr. Dre also had acting roles in the 2001 films The Wash and Training Day. In 2011, his final solo studio album, Detox, is set to be released following much delay and speculation.Early life
