Born: Feb 18 1965 (47 years old)
from 
Biography
One of the most powerful and successful rappers in the world, Dr. Dre started his career as one of the founding members of the seminal gangsta rap group N.W.A. (Niggaz With Attitude).  Now he is an influential label boss and producer.
N.W.A were known for pioneering gangsta rap, which described life on the streets and the attitudes prevalent in gangs using explicit lyrics.  At the time N.W.A. came to prominence with 1988's Straight Outta Compton, rap was only just breaking into the mainstream music world, and pop-rap was dominated by acts like DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince and LL Cool J.… Read more
Community biography from
One of the most powerful and successful rappers in the world, Dr. Dre started his career as one of the founding members of the seminal gangsta rap group N.W.A. (Niggaz With Attitude).  Now he is an influential label boss and producer.
N.W.A were known for pioneering gangsta rap, which described life on the streets and the attitudes prevalent in gangs using explicit lyrics.  At the time N.W.A. came to prominence with 1988's Straight Outta Compton, rap was only just breaking into the mainstream music world, and pop-rap was dominated by acts like DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince and LL Cool J.  N.W.A. were far more extreme, but despite much controversy they managed to launch the careers of several prominent rappers including Easy-E (now deceased), Ice Cube and The D.O.C.
Dr. Dre's own solo album The Chronic (1992) was considered to be highly influential, and helped to popularise gangsta rap with suburban white youth.  It is now considered to be one of the all-time greatest hip-hop albums.  Although he has not released a solo album in nearly ten years, Dr. Dre continues to make appearances on other artist's albums including Eminem and Snoop Dogg.
In 1996 Dr. Dre founded his own imprint, Aftermath Entertainment, under the Interscope label.  He is directly responsible for discovering and launching some of the worlds biggest rap stars -- Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Busta Rhymes, and Eve -- as the CEO of Aftermath.  Primarily a record producer now, Dr. Dre has produced thousands of tracks and is credited with being one of the pre-eminent creators of the popular West Coast G-Funk sound.  He was also one of the original artists signed to Death Row Records.
Content provided by SoundUnwound Copyright © 2008–2011 Amazon Services LLC
Improve This Page
If you’re the artist, you can update your biography, photos, videos, and more at Artist Central .
