6' 1" (1.85 m)
Mini Biography
Considered by many to be hip-hop's greatest producer, Dr. Dre (b. André Young, February 18, 1965) pioneered gangsta hip-hop and his own variation of the sound, dubbed G-Funk. His very early albums were violent but cautionary tales of the criminal mind, but Dre's records with NWA celebrated the hedonistic, amoralistic side of gang life. Being around during the birth of west coast hip-hop during the early 1980s, Dre found himself performing at house parties and clubs with the World Class Wreckin' Cru around South-Central Los Angeles. Wearing a Doctor's mask when he preformed, he called himself Dr. Dre, Dre being a nickname from André. In 1986, Dre met Ice Cube . Instantly becoming good friends, the two MCs began writing songs for Ruthless Records, a label started by former drug pusher 'Eazy-E'. Initially they were rejected by the record-buying public, but Eazy formed NWA, an acronym for Niggaz With Attitude, with Dre, Cube, and newcomers M.C. Ren and DJ Yella , releasing their first album in 1987. Then, in 1989, with distribution from Bryan Turner and his Priority Records label (now a part of EMI), N.W.A. delivered "Straight Outta Compton," a vicious, violent, and mysogynistic record that became an underground hit with virtually no support from radio, the press, or the still hip-hop-free MTV. N.W.A. became notorious for their violent lyrics, especially those of the song "Fuck tha Police," which resulted in the FBI sending a warning letter to Ruthless and its distributor, Priority Records, suggesting that the group should watch their step. Dre would have several bad falls with the police during his life. While it seemed that the group was strong, Ice Cube suddenly departed in late 1989 admist many financial disagreements with Dre. Suddenly the the music was in Dre's hands. Dre left the group the next year to form Death Row Records with 'Suge Knight'. Knight held NWA's manager at gunpoint and threatening to kill him if he refused to let Dre out of his contract. Dre didn't know how he got out, nor did he care, he was making music. Then Dre discovered Snoop Dogg through his stepbrother 'Warren G', and he immediately began working with the brilliantly talented MC. Snoop would become great friends with the Doctor and was on Dre's 1992 debut "The Chronic" as much as Dre himself. But trouble was soon to follow. Dre grew frustrated with Knight's strong-arm techniques. At the time, Death Row was devoting itself to Tupac Shakur 's label debut , "All Eyez on Me," and Snoop was busy recovering from his draining murder trial. Dre, fed up, left the label in the summer of 1996 to form Aftermath, declaring gangsta hip-hop was dead. Soon thereafter, both 2Pac and The Notorious B.I.G. were murdered, putting a sudden end to the East Side/West Side hip-hop war, and Suge was later arrested and sent to prison . It would be at least three years before anything big came out of the great producer. It wasn't until he began working on his 2001 album, and discovering an underground MC by the name of Eminem that Dre would make his comeback .
IMDb Mini Biography By: Rod Reece
Spouse
(May 1996 - present) 2 children
Trivia
Reconciled with fellow MC/actor Ice Cube in 1993. Ice Cube left N.W.A. in 1990 after a dispute with Ruthless Records heads Jerry Heller and 'Eazy-E'.
Left Death Row Records in 1995
His stepbrother, Warren G, played a demo tape of Snoop Doggy Dogg at a party, which prompted Dre to record the title theme for the film Deep Cover (1992), which appeared during the end credits.
Stepbrother of rapper Warren G. .
First hip-hop artist to gain mainstream acceptance with gangsta music with the album "The Chronic" (1992).
Assaulted TV hostess Dee Barnes (Pump It Up) in retaliation to her interviewing Ice Cube, where he made a deragatory comment against N.W.A. (at the time, the album Efil4zaggin debuted at #1). [1991]
Father of rapper Curtis "Hood Surgeon" Young, from a teenage relationship, Marcel (b. 1991), with singer Michel'le, son Truth (b. 1997) and daughter Truly (b. 2001).
Credited for discovering rapper Eminem .
21st February 2001: Became the first hip-hop producer to win a Grammy for Producer of The Year. He was also nominated for 4 other awards including: Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group for the track "Forget About Dre" with Eminem.
Won an MTV Music Video Award in 1995 for the hit single "Keep Their Heads Ringin." The music video starred Chris Tucker , who steals and pilots a Boeing 747.
He was voted the 54th Greatest Rock 'n' Roll Artist of all time by Rolling Stone.
Ranked #7 on VH1's 50 Greatest Hip Hop Artists.
Son, André Romelle Young Jr., passed away on 23 August 2008, at their Woodland Hills, CA home.
Father of Curtis Young .
Personal Quotes
"I don't care if he's purple, as long as he can rap!" (On if Eminem being white affected his choice on signing him to Aftermath.)
I got Ice Cube his start. I also launched Eazy-E. There ain't no question that N.W.A. became what it was in large part because of my music and my producing. Me and Eazy had agreed from Jump Street that we was to be partners. Now Eazy says he's the owner of the record company, Ruthless. Well, let him own it then. But I was never supposed to be signed to him or owned by him.
(On the mysogyny in his songs): "Black women are the strongest most hardworking people on earth. The sh*t I talk on records about black women is just that: sh*t."
The only two things that scare me are God and the IRS.
Where Are They Now
(January 2006) After years of anticipation, Dr. Dre's third album "Detox" is nearly complete. The album will be released in 2006. It will also feature guest appearances from every artist signed to his record label Aftermath as well as other musicians.
(January 2009) After years of anticipation, Dr. Dre's third album "Detox" is nearly complete. Dr. Dre recently told MTV that the album will be released after 50 Cent's Before I Self Destruct and Eminem's Relapse. Relapse released on May 19th 2009 and Before I Self destruct is set to release in June 2009. It will also feature guest appearances from every artist signed to his record label Aftermath as well as other musicians.
Update Page
Edit page
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' button  will take you through a step-by-step process.
Add resume
With our Resume service you can add photos and build a complete resume to help you achieve the best possible presentation on the IMDb.
Click here to add your resume and/or your photos to IMDb.
 
