from Straight Outta Compton
Problems listening to the file? See media help. NWA (also known as Niggaz with Attitudes) was a Compton, California -based hip hop group widely considered one of the seminal acts of the Straight Outta Compton is the second album by Compton -based hip hop group N
In 1986 he met rapper Ice Cube , who collaborated with Dr. O'Shea Jackson (born June 15 1969 better known by his Stage name Ice Cube, is an American Actor, Screenwriter, producer, and  Dre to record songs for Ruthless Records , a rap record label run by local rapper and drug dealer Eazy-E . Ruthless Records, pronounced roofless records is an Imprint Record label formed by Gangsta rapper Eazy-E with partner Jerry Heller Eric Lynn Wright (September 7 1963 – March 26 1995 better known by the stage name Eazy-E, was an American rapper, producer, and Record executive N. W. A however, along with fellow west coast rapper Ice T , debuted with rhymes including profanity and gritty depictions of crime and life on the street.  No longer constricted to racially charged political issues pioneered by rap artists such as Public Enemy or Boogie Down Productions , N. Public Enemy, also known as PE, is an influential hip hop group from Long Island New York, known for its politically charged Lyrics, criticism Boogie Down Productions was a hip hop group originally comprised of KRS-One, D-Nice, and DJ Scott La Rock. W. A shot out with hardcore and realistic perspective of street violence and local black gangster lifestyle.  Propelled by the hit " Fuck tha Police ", the group's first full album Straight Outta Compton became a major success, despite an almost complete absence of radio airplay or major concert tours and warnings from the FBI . This article is about the NWA song For the J Dilla song of the same name see Fuck The Police (J Dilla song. Straight Outta Compton is the second album by Compton -based hip hop group N [2] The FBI sent letters to Arabian Prince , Ice Cube and Eazy-E urging them to stop releasing their music as a response to the large amount of complaints they had received about the group's lyrical content and use of expletives. Arabian Prince is the Stage name of Mik Lezan (born June 17, 1965 in Compton, California) a rapper and O'Shea Jackson (born June 15 1969 better known by his Stage name Ice Cube, is an American Actor, Screenwriter, producer, and Eric Lynn Wright (September 7 1963 – March 26 1995 better known by the stage name Eazy-E, was an American rapper, producer, and Record executive [24]
After Ice Cube left N. W. A over financial disputes, Dr.  Dre produced and performed for much of the group's second album Efil4zaggin . Niggaz4Life (also known as Efil4zaggin) was the 4th and final studio album by Gangsta rap group N He also produced tracks for a number of other rap acts on Ruthless Records, including Above the Law , and The D.O.C. for the album No One Can Do It Better . Above the Law was a Rap group from Pomona California, founded in 1989 by Cold 187um, KMG the Illustrator Go Mack and DJ Total K-Oss Tracy Lynn Curry, known as The DOC, is an American rapper. He was a member of the Fila Fresh Crew and a creative force behind the rap group N No One Can Do It Better is The DOC 's debut album It went platinum [25] In 1991 at a music industry party in Hollywood , he assaulted television host Dee Barnes of the Fox television program Pump it Up, after he felt dissatisfied by a news report of hers on the feud between the remaining N. Denise &quotDee" Barnes is an American Rapper and former television personality most famous for being assaulted by West-Coast rap producer and legend Dr W. A members and Ice Cube.  Thus, Dr.  Dre was fined $2,500 and given two years' probation and 240 hours of community service, as well as a spot on an anti-violence public service announcement on television. A public service announcement (PSA or community service announcement (CSA is a non-commercial advertisement broadcast on radio or television ostensibly for the Public [26] [27]
The Chronic and Death Row Records (1992–1995)
Further information: Death Row Records
After a dispute with Wright, Young left the group at the peak of its popularity in 1991 under the advice of friend, and N. Death Row Records was a Record label that was founded in 1991 by Dr W. A lyricist, The D.O.C. and his bodyguard at the time, Suge Knight . Tracy Lynn Curry, known as The DOC, is an American rapper. He was a member of the Fila Fresh Crew and a creative force behind the rap group N Marion Hugh Knight Jr, better known as Suge Knight, is an Entrepreneur in the Hip hop music industry and co-founder and CEO of Death Knight, a notorious strongman and intimidator, was able to have Wright release Young from his contract and, using Dr.  Dre as his flagship artist, found Death Row Records.  In 1992 Young released his first single, the title track to the film Deep Cover , a collaboration with a rapper whom he met through his own stepbrother and rapper Warren G, Snoop Dogg . " Deep Cover " also known as " 187 ", is Dr Dre 's debut solo single, featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg, which is his debut in a single Deep Cover is a 1992 crime thriller Film starring Laurence Fishburne and Jeff Goldblum and directed by veteran Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr (born October 20 1971 His mother nicknamed him " Snoopy " as a child because of the way he dressed and because of his love of [2] Dr.  Dre's debut album was The Chronic under Death Row Records. The Chronic is the Debut album of Hip hop producer and rapper Dr Young ushered in a new style of rap, both in terms of musical style and lyrical content. [28]
 Music sample:
"Nuthin' But a "G" Thang"
from The Chronic
Problems listening to the file? See media help.
On the strength of singles such as " Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang ", featuring protegé Snoop Doggy Dogg and hits like " Let Me Ride " and " Fuck wit Dre Day (and Everybody's Celebratin') " (known as "Dre Day" for radio and television play), The Chronic became a cultural phenomenon, its G-funk sound dominating much of hip hop music for the early 1990s. " Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang " is a 1993 hit song by American Gangsta rapper Dr " Let Me Ride " is the third single released by Dr Dre from his 1992 album The Chronic. " Fuck wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin' " (released as " Dre Day " is a hip-hop single by Dr G-funk, or Gangsta Funk, is a type of Hip hop music that emerged from West Coast Gangsta rap in the early 1990s [2] In 1993 the Recording Industry Association of America certified the album multi-platinum, [29] and Dr.  Dre also won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance for his performance in " Let Me Ride ". The Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance was awarded from 1991 to 2002 alongside the Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group. " Let Me Ride " is the third single released by Dr Dre from his 1992 album The Chronic. [30] For that year, Billboard magazine also ranked Dr.  Dre as the eighth best-selling musical artist, The Chronic as the sixth best-selling album, and "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang" as the 11th best-selling single. [3]
Besides working on his own material, Dr.  Dre produced Snoop Dogg's debut album Doggystyle , which became the first debut album for an artist to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 album charts. Doggystyle is the 1993 debut album by American West Coast hip hop artist Snoop Doggy Dogg, released by Death Row Records. The Billboard 200 is a ranking of the 200 highest-selling music albums and EPs in the United States, published weekly by Billboard [31] Young also produced other West Coast rap albums of Death Row Records, including Dogg Food by Tha Dogg Pound and the album Regulate...G Funk Era by his stepbrother Warren G. Dogg Food is the debut album by the Tha Dogg Pound. Its controversial lyrics were the subject of Shareholder protest (the album was supposed to be Tha Dogg Pound, also known as DPG (Dogg Pound Gangstaz is a rap group made up of Kurupt and Daz Dillinger. RegulateG Funk Era is an album by American Rapper Warren G. It was released during 1994 on the Def Jam label and reached In 1994 Dr.  Dre produced the soundtracks to the films Above the Rim and Murder Was the Case and the single " No Diggity " by Blackstreet . Above the Rim is a 1994 Basketball - Drama Film, written by Jeff Pollack and Benny Medina, and directed Murder Was the Case is a 1994 movie and Soundtrack album starring Snoop Doggy Dogg. " No Diggity " is a 1996 song by American R&B group BLACKstreet featuring Dr BLACKstreet is an American R&B group founded in 1992 by Teddy Riley, the inventor of New Jack Swing known for his work as a member of Guy. He collaborated with fellow N. W. A member Ice Cube for the song " Natural Born Killaz " in 1995. " Natural Born Killaz " is a single from the reunited duo of Dr [2]
In 1995, just as Death Row Records was signing rapper 2Pac and positioning him as their major star, Young left the label amidst a contract dispute and growing concerns that label boss Suge Knight was corrupt, financially dishonest and out of control. Tupac Amaru Shakur (June 16 1971 — September 13 1996 also known by his Stage names 2Pac and Makaveli, was an American rapper Marion Hugh Knight Jr, better known as Suge Knight, is an Entrepreneur in the Hip hop music industry and co-founder and CEO of Death Thus, in 1996, he formed his own label Aftermath Entertainment directly underneath the distributor label for Death Row Records, Interscope Records . Interscope Records is an American Record label, owned by Universal Music Group, and operates as one third of UMG's Interscope-Geffen-A&M label [2] Consequently, Death Row Records suffered poor sales by 1997, especially following the death of 2Pac and the racketeering charges brought against Knight. A racket is an illegal business usually run as part of Organized crime. [32]
Move to Aftermath Entertainment (1996–1998)
Further information: Aftermath Entertainment
The Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath album, released on November 26 , 1996 , featured songs by Dr. There is also another similarly titled record label Aftermath Music, which is based in Norway. Dr Dre Presents the Aftermath is a Compilation album by Dr Dre. Events 43 BC - The Second Triumvirate alliance of Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus (&quotOctavian" later &quotCaesar Augustus" Year 1996 ( MCMXCVI) was a Leap year starting on Monday (link will display full 1996 Gregorian calendar)  Dre himself as well as by newly signed Aftermath artists, and a solo track " Been There, Done That ", intended as a symbolic farewell to gangsta rap . &quotBeen There Done That" is a 1997 (see 1997 in music) single by West Coast rapper and producer Dr For the Ice T album see Gangsta Rap (album. Gangsta rap is a term originated by the mainstream media to describe a certain subgenre [33] Despite being classified platinum by the RIAA [34] , the album was not very popular among music fans. [2] In October 1996 Dr.  Dre appeared on the sketch comedy program Saturday Night Live , broadcast on the NBC television network in the United States, to perform "Been There, Done That". Saturday Night Live ( SNL) is a weekly late-night 90-minute American Sketch comedy / Variety show based in New York City The National Broadcasting Company ( NBC) is an American Television network headquartered in the GE Building in New York City's [35] In 1997 Young produced several tracks on Nas, Foxy Brown, AZ, and Nature Present The Firm: The Album ; although the album went platinum, it was met with similarly negative reviews from critics.  Rumors began to abound that Aftermath was facing financial difficulties. [36]
The turning point for Aftermath came in 1998, when Jimmy Iovine, the head of Aftermath's parent label Interscope, suggested that Young sign the white Detroit rapper Marshall Mathers, artistically known as Eminem , to Aftermath. Marshall Bruce Mathers III (born October 17 1972 known as Slim Shady and his primary Stage name Eminem, is an Academy Award -winning Young produced three songs and provided vocals for two on his controversial album, ("My Name Is", "Guilty Conscience" and "Role Model") in 1999. [37]
2001 (1999–2000)
Main article: 2001 (album)
Dr. 2001, sometimes referred to by fans as The Chronic 2001, Dr Dre 2001 and The Chronic 2, is the second album by Hip hop producer  Dre's second solo album, 2001 , released in the fall of 1999, was considered an ostentatious return to his gangsta rap roots. 2001, sometimes referred to by fans as The Chronic 2001, Dr Dre 2001 and The Chronic 2, is the second album by Hip hop producer [38] It was initially titled The Chronic 2000 to imply being a sequel to his debut album The Chronic but was re-titled 2001 after Death Row Records released an unrelated compilation album earlier in 1999.  Other tentative titles included The Chronic 2001 and Dr.  Dre. [39] The album featured numerous collaborators, including Devin the Dude , Hittman, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit , Nate Dogg and Eminem. Devin Copeland, better known by his Stage name, Devin the Dude, is a Houston hip hop artist best known for his exceptionally unique rapping style Alvin Nathaniel Joiner, better known by his Stage name Xzibit (pronounced as &quotexhibit" is an American rapper, Actor, and Nathaniel Dwayne Hale (born August 19 1969 better known by his Stage name Nate Dogg, is a Grammy -nominated American R&B / Stephen Thomas Erlewine of the website All Music Guide described the sound of the album as "adding ominous strings , soulful vocals, and reggae " to Dr. Stephen Thomas Erlewine (1973? is senior editor for Allmusic. allmusic (previously All Music Guide) is a Metadata database about music owned by All Media Guide. A string is the vibrating element that is the source of vibration in String instruments such as the Guitar, Harp, Piano, and members Reggae is a Music genre first developed in Jamaica in the late 1960s  Dre's style. [38] The album was highly successful, charting at number two on the Billboard 200 charts [40] and has since been certified six times platinum, [29] thus reaffirming a recurring theme featured in its lyrics, stating that Dr. The Billboard 200 is a ranking of the 200 highest-selling music albums and EPs in the United States, published weekly by Billboard  Dre was still a force to be reckoned with, despite the lack of major releases in the previous few years.  The album included popular hit singles " Still D.R.E. " and " Forgot About Dre ", both of which Dr. " Still DRE " is a song by Dr Dre, released as the lead single from his multi-platinum second album 2001. " Forgot About Dre " is a single for Dr Dre 's 2001, featuring Eminem, reaching #27 on the Hot 100.  Dre performed on NBC's Saturday Night Live on October 23 , 1999 . Events 4004 BC - Creation of the world begins according to the calculations of Archbishop James Ussher 42 BC - Year 1999 ( MCMXCIX) was a Common year starting on Friday (link will display full 1999 Gregorian calendar) [41] Dr.  Dre won the Grammy Award for Producer of the Year in 2000, [2] and joined the Up in Smoke Tour with fellow rappers Eminem, Snoop Dogg, and Ice Cube that year as well. The Grammy Awards (originally called the Gramophone Awards)—or Grammys —are presented annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences The Grammy Award for Producer of the Year Non-Classical has been awarded since 1975. [42]
 Music sample:
from 2001
Problems listening to the file? See media help.
During the course of the popularity of 2001, Dr.  Dre was involved in several lawsuits. Lucasfilm Ltd. , the film company behind the Star Wars film franchise , sued him over the use of the THX -trademarked " Deep Note ". Lucasfilm Limited' is an American Film production company founded by George Lucas in 1971, based in San Francisco California Star Wars is an epic Space opera franchise initially conceived by George Lucas during the 1970s and significantly expanded THX is a trade name of a high-fidelity sound reproduction standard for movie theaters screening rooms home theaters computer speakers gaming consoles and car audio systems Deep Note is the name of THX 's audio Logo, a distinctive synthesized Crescendo sound [43] The Fatback Band also sued Dr.  Dre over alleged infringement of its song "Backstrokin'" in his song "Let's Get High" from the 2001 album; Dr.  Dre was ordered to pay $1. 5 million to the band in 2003. [44] The online music file-sharing company Napster also settled a lawsuit with him and heavy metal rock band Metallica in the summer of 2001, agreeing to block access to certain files that artists do not want to have shared on the network. Napster was an online music file sharing service created by Shawn Fanning while he was attending Northeastern University in Boston and operating Metallica is an American heavy metal band that formed in 1981 in. [45]
Focus on production (2001–present)
Following the success of 2001, Dr.  Dre focused on producing songs and albums for other artists.  He produced the single " Family Affair " by R&B singer Mary J. Blige for her album No More Drama in 2001. " Family Affair " is a 1971 number-one hit single recorded by Sly & the Family Stone for the Epic Records label Mary Jane Blige (surname pronounced /blaɪʒ/) (born January 11, 1971) is an American Singer-songwriter, Rapper No More Drama is soul / Hip-hop soul artist Mary J Blige 's critically acclaimed fifth Album. [4] Other successful albums that he produced for Aftermath have included the major-label debut album by Queens, New York -based rapper 50 Cent , Get Rich or Die Tryin' , in 2003. Get Rich or Die Tryin is the commercial debut album by New York City Rapper 50 Cent, released through Interscope Records. The album featured the Dr.  Dre-produced hit single " In da Club ", as a joint production between Aftermath, Eminem's boutique label Shady Records and Interscope. &quotIn Da Club" is a hip hop song performed by rapper 50 Cent for his commercial debut album Get Rich or Die Tryin'. Shady Records [46] Dr.  Dre also produced " How We Do ", a 2005 hit single of rapper The Game from his album The Documentary . Jayceon Terrell Taylor (born November 29 1979 better known by his Stage name The Game, is an American Rapper. The Documentary is the debut album by West Coast rapper The Game, released on January 18 2005 through Interscope Records. [47]
Another copyright-related lawsuit came upon Dr.  Dre in the fall of 2002, when Sa Re Ga Ma , a film and music company based in Calcutta, India , sued Aftermath Entertainment over an uncredited sample of the Lata Mangeshkar song "Thoda Resham Lagta Hai" on the Aftermath-produced song "Addictive" by singer Truth Hurts . Lata Mangeshkar (लता मंगेशकर born September 28, 1929) لتا منگیشکر is a singer from India. Shari Watson (born October 10, 1971 in St Louis Missouri) known as Truth Hurts, is an American R&B Singer In February 2003, a judge ruled that Aftermath would have to halt sales of Truth Hurts' album Truthfully Speaking if the company would not credit Mangeshkar. [48] In April 2003 rapper Ja Rule released a mixtape of freestyle raps criticizing Dr. Jeffrey Atkins (born February 29 1976 Music career Atkins began his rap career in 1994 with the group Cash Money Click A mixtape or mixed tape is a compilation of Songs recorded in a specific order traditionally onto a Compact audio cassette. Freestyle rap is an Improvisational form of Rapping, performed with few or no previously composed Lyrics, which is said to reflect a direct mapping of the  Dre and his associated artists 50 Cent and Eminem. [49] At the Vibe magazine awards show in November 2004, Dr.  Dre was attacked by a fan named Jimmy James Johnson, who was asking for an autograph.  Johnson, in September 2005, was sentenced to a year in prison and ordered to stay away from Dr.  Dre until 2008. [50] For an issue of Rolling Stone magazine in April 2005, Kanye West praised Dr. Kanye Omari West (ˈkɑnjɛj born June 8 1977 is a ten-time Grammy Award -winning American Rapper, Record producer and Singer.  Dre as among the greatest performing artists of all time. [51]
In November 2006 Dr.  Dre began working with Raekwon on his album Only Built 4 Cuban Linx II . Corey Woods, known by his stage name Raekwon, is an American East Coast Rapper and a member of the Wu-Tang Clan. Only Built 4 Cuban Linx II will be the fourth solo album from Wu-Tang [52] He also contributed to the rap albums Buck the World by Young Buck [53] and Curtis by 50 Cent. Buck the World is the second album by Rapper Young Buck. Background Its title is a play on the expression " Fuck the World" David Darnell Brown (born March 15 1981 better known by his stage name Young Buck, is an American rapper who is signed to G-Unit Records and Cashville Curtis is the third Studio album by Rapper 50 Cent. Released on September 11 2007 the album features production from Dr [54] Other upcoming albums that he is involved with includeThe Reformation by Bishop Lamont, [55] The Nacirema Dream by Papoose , [56] Here I Am by Eve , [57] and L.A.X. by The Game . Shamele Mackie, better known by his Stage name Papoose (pæˈpuːs is an American Rapper. Here I Am is the fourth album from rapper/singer Eve. One version of the album received 3 mics in The Source magazine Eve Jihan Jeffers (born November 10 1978) better known as Eve, is a Grammy Award -winning Rapper, Singer, Actress Jayceon Terrell Taylor (born November 29 1979 better known by his Stage name The Game, is an American Rapper. [58] Among planned but unreleased albums during Dr.  Dre's tenure at Aftermath have included a full-length reunion with Snoop Dogg titled Breakup to Makeup, an album with fellow former N. W. A member Ice Cube which was to be titled Heltah Skeltah, an N. W. A reunion album, and a joint album with fellow producer Timbaland titled Chairmen of the Board. Timothy Z Mosley (born March 10, 1971) better known by his Stage name Timbaland, is an American Record producer, [59] [25] [60]
Detox: Final album
Main article: Detox (Dr. Dre album)
Detox is to be Dr. Detox is the upcoming third and final Studio album by Rapper and Record producer Dr Dre's final album. [7] In 2002, Dre told Corey Moss of MTV News that he intended Detox to be a concept album . MTV News is the news division of MTV, the first and most popular Music Television network in the U In Popular music, a concept album is an Album which is &quotunified by a theme which can be instrumental compositional narrative or lyrical" [6] Work for the album dates back to early 2004, [61] but later in that year he decided to stop working on the album to focus on producing for other artists but then changed his mind; the album had initially been set for a fall 2005 release. [62] After several delays, the album was finally scheduled to be released sometime in 2008 by Interscope Records, which has not set a firm release date for the album as of September 2007. [7] Producers confirmed to work on the album include Bernard "Focus" Edwards Jr. , [63] Hi-Tek , [64] J.R. Rotem , [65] RZA , [66] Jay-Z , [67] and Warren G . Tony Cottrell, better known as Hi-Tek, is an American Rapper and Record producer from Cincinnati Ohio. Jonathan Reuven Rotem (born 1975 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is an American Record producer. Robert F Diggs (born July 5, 1969) better known as RZA (pronounced) is an American Music producer, Rapper, and occasional Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4 1969 better known as Jay-Z, is an American Rapper and former CEO of Def Jam Recordings and Roc-A-Fella Warren Griffin III (born November 10, 1970 in Long Beach California) better known by his Stage name Warren G, is an American [68]
Film career
In 2001 Dr.  Dre appeared in the movies The Wash and Training Day . The Wash is a hip-hop -styled Film released on November 16, 2001 featuring Dr Training Day is a 2001 Crime film directed by Antoine Fuqua, starring Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke. [69] A song of his, "Bad Intentions" (featuring Knoc-Turn'Al ) and produced by Mahogany, was featured on The Wash soundtrack . Royal Harbor, known by Stage name Knoc-turn'al, is a Songwriter and rapper [70] Dr.  Dre also appeared on two other songs "On the Blvd. " and "The Wash" along with his co-star Snoop Dogg.  In February 2007 it was announced that Dr.  Dre would produce dark comedies and horror films for New Line-owned company Crucial Films, along with longtime video director Phillip Atwell.  Dr.  Dre announced "This is a natural switch for me, since I've directed a lot of music videos, and I eventually want to get into directing. " [71]
Musical influences and style
Dr.  Dre has said that his primary instrument in the studio is the Akai MPC3000 , a drum machine and sampler, and that he uses as many as four or five to produce a single recording. Akai MPCs (originally MIDI Production Center, now Music Production Center) are a popular and well respected He cites George Clinton , Isaac Hayes and Curtis Mayfield as primary musical influences. Isaac Lee Hayes Jr (August 20 1942 – August 10 2008 was an American Academy Award winning soul and Funk singer-songwriter Musician Curtis Lee Mayfield ( June 3, 1942 – December 26, 1999) was an American soul, R&B, and Funk Unlike most rap producers, he tries to avoid samples as much as possible, preferring to have studio musicians re-play pieces of music he wants to use, because it allows him more flexibility to change the pieces in rhythm and tempo. [59] In 2001 he told Time magazine, "I may hear something I like on an old record that may inspire me, but I'd rather use musicians to re-create the sound or elaborate on it.  I can control it better. " [72] Other equipment he uses include the E-mu SP-1200 drum machine and other keyboards from such manufacturers as Korg, Rhodes, Wurlitzer, Moog, and Roland. E-mu SP-1200 is a classic drum machine and sampler released in August 1987 by E-mu Systems Inc [73]
After founding Aftermath Entertainment in 1996, Dr.  Dre took on producer Mel-Man as a co-producer, and his music took on a more synthesizer-based sound, using fewer vocal samples (as he had used on "Lil' Ghetto Boy" and "Let Me Ride" on The Chronic, for example).  Mel-Man has not shared co-production credits with Dr.  Dre since approximately 2002, but fellow Aftermath producer Focus has credited Mel-Man as a key architect of the signature Aftermath sound. [74]
In 1999 Dr.  Dre started working with Mike Elizondo , a bassist, guitarist, and keyboardist who has also produced, written and played on records for female singers such as Poe , Fiona Apple and Alanis Morissette , [75] for his album 2001. Michael &quotMike" Elizondo is a well-known Bassist, Keyboardist, and Hip hop music producer Annie Decatur Danielewski (born March 23, 1968) professionally known as Poe, is a American singer and Fiona Apple (born Fiona Apple McAfee Maggart on September 13, 1977) is a Grammy-winning American Singer-songwriter. Alanis Nadine Morissette (born June 1 1974 is a Canadian-born Singer-songwriter, Record producer, and Actress. Elizondo has since worked for many of Dr.  Dre's productions. [76] [77] Dr.  Dre also told Scratch magazine in a 2004 interview that he has been studying piano and music theory formally, and that a major goal is to accumulate enough musical theory to score movies. Scratch was a magazine about the art of creating hip-hop It featured articles regarding producers musicians and DJs that make beats for rap records and details the secret In the same interview he stated that he has collaborated with famed 1960s songwriter Burt Bacharach by sending him hip hop beats to play over, and hopes to have an in-person collaboration with him in the future. Burt Bacharach (ˈbækəræk born May 12, 1928) is an American Pianist and Composer. [59]
Work ethic
Dr.  Dre has stated that he is a perfectionist, and is known to pressure the artists with whom he records to give flawless performances. [59] In 2006 Snoop Dogg told the website Dubcnn. com that Dr.  Dre had made new artist Chauncey Black re-record a single bar of vocals 107 times. [78] Dr.  Dre has also stated that Eminem is a fellow perfectionist, and attributes his success on Aftermath to his like-minded work ethic. [59]
A consequence of this perfectionism is that some artists that initially sign deals with Dr.  Dre's Aftermath label never release albums.  In 2001, Aftermath released the soundtrack to the movie The Wash.  featuring a number of Aftermath acts such as Shaunta, Daks, Joe Beast and Toi .  To date, none have released full-length albums on Aftermath and have apparently ended their relationships with the label and Dr.  Dre.  Other noteworthy acts to leave Aftermath without releasing albums include King Tee , 2001 vocalist Hittman and 1980s rap icon Rakim . King Tee, also spelled King T, (born Roger McBride in Compton California) is an American West coast rapper from Compton Rakim (pronounced Rah-KIM (full name Rakim Allah, born William Michael Griffin Jr [79]
However, over the years word of other collaborators has surfaced.  During his tenure at Death Row Records, it was alleged that Dr.  Dre's half brother Warren G and Tha Dogg Pound member Daz made many uncredited contributions to songs on his solo album The Chronic and Snoop Doggy Dogg's album Doggystyle (Daz received production credits on Snoop's similar-sounding, albeit less successful album Tha Doggfather after Young left Death Row Records). Tha Dogg Pound, also known as DPG (Dogg Pound Gangstaz is a rap group made up of Kurupt and Daz Dillinger. Delmar Drew Arnaud (born on May 25 1973 in Long Beach California) better known by his Stage name Daz Dillinger (and formerly Dat Doggystyle is the 1993 debut album by American West Coast hip hop artist Snoop Doggy Dogg, released by Death Row Records. [80]
It is known that Scott Storch , who has since gone on to become a successful producer in his own right, contributed to Dr. Scott Storch (born December 16 1973) is a Canadian Record producer.  Dre's second album 2001; Storch is credited as a songwriter on several songs and played keyboards on several tracks.  In 2006 he told Rolling Stone:
"At the time, I saw Dr.  Dre desperately needed something," Storch says.  "He needed a fuel injection, and Dr.  Dre utilized me as the nitrous oxide.  He threw me into the mix, and I sort of tapped on a new flavor with my whole piano sound and the strings and orchestration.  So I'd be on the keyboards, and Mike [Elizondo] was on the bass guitar, and Dr.  Dre was on the drum machine". [81]
Current collaborator Mike Elizondo , when speaking about his work with Young, describes their recording process as a collaborative effort involving several musicians. Michael &quotMike" Elizondo is a well-known Bassist, Keyboardist, and Hip hop music producer In 2004 he claimed to Songwriter Universe magazine that he had written the foundations of the hit Eminem song " The Real Slim Shady ", stating, "I initially played a bass line on the song, and Dr. " The Real Slim Shady " is a hip hop song written by Eminem for his second album The Marshall Mathers LP (2000  Dre, Tommy Coster Jr.  and I built the track from there. Eminem then heard the track, and he wrote the rap to it. Marshall Bruce Mathers III (born October 17 1972 known as Slim Shady and his primary Stage name Eminem, is an Academy Award -winning " [77] This account is essentially confirmed by Eminem in his book Angry Blonde, stating that the tune for the song was composed by a studio bassist and keyboardist while Dr.  Dre was out of the studio but later programmed the song's beat after returning. [82]
Furthermore, in the September 2003 issue of The Source , a group of disgruntled former associates of Dr. The Source is a United States -based monthly full-color Magazine covering Hip-hop music, Politics, and culture, founded in  Dre complained that they had not received their full due for work on the label.  A producer named Neff-U claimed to have produced the songs "Say What You Say" and "My Dad's Gone Crazy" on The Eminem Show , the songs "If I Can't" and "Back Down" on 50 Cent's Get Rich or Die Tryin' , and the beat featured on Dr. The Eminem Show is the fourth Studio album by Eminem, released in 2002.  Dre's commercial for Coors beer. [79]
Although Young studies piano and musical theory, he serves as more of a conductor than a musician himself, as Josh Tyrangiel of Time magazine has noted:
Every Dre track begins the same way, with Dre behind a drum machine in a room full of trusted musicians. Conducting is the act of directing a Musical performance by way of visible gestures Time (trademarked in capitals as TIME) is a weekly American Newsmagazine, similar to Newsweek and (They carry beepers.  When he wants to work, they work. ) He'll program a beat, then ask the musicians to play along; when Dre hears something he likes, he isolates the player and tells him how to refine the sound.  "My greatest talent," Dre says, "is knowing exactly what I want to hear. " [72]
Although Snoop Dogg retains working relationships with Warren G and Daz, who are alleged to be uncredited contributors on the hit albums The Chronic and Doggystyle, he states that Dr.  Dre is capable of making beats without the help of collaborators. [83] It should be noted that Dr.  Dre's prominent studio collaborators, including Scott Storch , Elizondo, Mark Batson and Dawaun Parker , have shared co-writing, instrumental, and more recently co-production credits on the songs where he is credited as the producer. Scott Storch (born December 16 1973) is a Canadian Record producer. Mark Batson is an American Record producer, arranger, and Songwriter. Dawaun Wesley Parker (born May 9 1983 is a multi-platinum Musician and Record producer.
It is also widely acknowledged that most of Dr.  Dre's raps are written for him by others, though he retains ultimate control over his lyrics and the themes of his songs.  As Aftermath Producer Mahogany told Scratch: "It's like a class room in [the booth]. The name mahogany is used when referring to numerous varieties of dark-colored wood originally the wood of the species Swietenia mahagoni, known as West He'll have three writers in there.  They'll bring in something, he'll recite it, then he'll say.  'Change this line, change this word,' like he's grading papers. " [84] As seen in the credits for tracks Young has appeared on, there are often multiple people who contribute to his songs (although it should be noted that often in hip hop many people are officially credited as a writer for a song, even the producer).  As a member of N. W. A, The D. O. C.  wrote lyrics for him while he stuck with producing. [85] Popular rapper Jay-Z ghostwrote lyrics for the single "Still D. Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4 1969 better known as Jay-Z, is an American Rapper and former CEO of Def Jam Recordings and Roc-A-Fella R. E. " from Dr.  Dre's album 2001. [39]
Discography
