Best Places to Climb in the Summer
Posted by BJ Sbarra on July 19, 2007
So far this summer it’s been hotter than Africa here in Boise, and I hear it’s been really warm in Colorado too. One of the great things about living in the Roaring Fork valley is that there are some good options for escaping the heat that are never more than 30 minutes away. Here are my picks for the best places to get out of the sun and get some pitches in:
The Narrows – While not very high in elevation, you’ll find a lot of shade here. In fact, there are very few climbs that get any direct sun, and mostly only in the morning. It’s perfect for an after work session, when other places are sweltering in the afternoon heat.
Glenwood Canyon – The north facing cliffs that are home to Sucking Wind can offer some relief from the heat. Again, not very high, but shady for the most of the day. Just be sure to watch out for trains and get off the tracks if you see one coming. No Name also offers some afternoon shade on the Poison Ivy wall.
Independence Pass – The premier summer climbing spot in the Roaring Fork valley. While a lot of the crags are actually south facing, they are high, with most sitting between 9,000 and 10,000 feet. From sport to trad to bouldering, you’ve got a lot of great options here.
Lime Park – This may just be the perfect summer climbing spot. The canyon sits at about 9000 feet, so the nights are usually cool. The east side of the canyon is shady in the morning, and by afternoon you can walk 5 minutes over to the west side and finish up the day in more shade. The bugs can be bad in early summer, so go prepared.
Hagerman Pass – Another high elevation playground, Hagerman has good cragging, and some fun bouldering too. Most of the rock here is sunny, but sitting at 10,000 feet, the days are usually pretty nice. It also offers some of the longer climbs in the area, the main slab being about 400 feet tall.
Rifle – You either love or hate Rifle in the summer. It’s a canyon, so you can chase shade pretty easily, but the slippery hand holds and polished feet might have you seeking out other options until the cooler weather comes back.
If your travels take you outside the valley, here are some other great places for summer time climbing.
Rocky Mountain National Park – Stunning views and fantastic routes on impeccable rock, this is Colorado’s best alpine climbing. Sure, you’ll have to deal with hoards of tourists at the trail heads, but once you get a couple miles in, you’ve left the riff-raff behind and can enjoy the beauty of the Park. From long 5.6 ridges to 5.13′s at 14000′, Rocky Mountain Park has something for everyone.
Uintas – Bomber quartzite, alpine lakes and perfect temps, what more could you ask for?
Sawtooths – The Sawtooths make Rocky Mountain Park look like Disneyland on a holiday weekend. More rock than you can shake a stick at, and hardly any crowds. Folks from out-of-state have heard by now about some of the big formations, the Elephants Perch and Finger of Fate, but take a look around and you’ll realize there is a lifetime of first ascents waiting in these beautiful peaks.
Tetons – Considered the heart of alpine climbing in the US, these are mountains the way God intended them, with more technical routes than you can possibly do in a lifetime.
Sierras – Perfect granite and high peaks. This is as good as it gets.
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Name
