Springer Mountain
Hike along the very beginning of the Appalachian Trail, a route that runs from Springer Mountain, Georgia to Canada.  A two mile climb gets you to the trail.  At the summit of Springer Mountain, you'll see amazing views of the Cohutta Mountains to the northwest.
Lake Lanier
Northeast of Atlanta lies a gleaming gem of a lake.  Lake Syndey Lanier is a 37,000-acre reservoir that's perfect for water sports of all kinds.  Do some canoeing and kayaking, motor boating, water skiing, or wind surfing.  A number of marinas do the edges of the lake.
Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge
This wetland/swamp area is the oldest and best-preserved freshwater refuge in the U.S. Alligators glide through tannin-stained water. Herons and egrets wade through tall grasses and water lilies. Bears forage through hammocks and islands. Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge is a haven for these and other animals--almost 400,000 acres including wet prairies, cypress forests, and pine uplands. Plan a canoeing, fishing, or wildlife viewing trip to the refuge.
Tallulah Falls
One of Georgia's most breathtaking waterfalls is at Tallulah Gorge State Park in the northeastern corner of Georgia. Take the Full Moon Suspension Bridge Hike, go biking on more than 20 miles of trail (including the 1.7-mile paved "Rails to Trails" path), or go whitewater rafting down the river.  Hunting, swimming, fishing, and boating are all permitted.
Amicalola Falls State Park
When you see the 729-foot Amicalola Falls, you'll understand why they earned the name, which means “tumbling waters" in Cherokee. Hike the 12 miles of trails, fish for trout, and then settle back for a picnic lunch with a view of the falls.
Brunswick & the Golden Isles
There are 12 barrier islands along the Georgia coastline. Brunswick, established in 1771, has a town center that's full of historic buildings, homes, and a bustling waterfront. You'll find excellent wildlife viewing in the marshes and wetlands to the east of town. Swim or stroll along miles of sun-drenched beaches or take a dolphin-watching cruise or kayak trip.
