Post a comment
Christian camps are a great event for children and something that creates memories and a stronger faith base. It also can be a lot of fun and something to get them away from the house and out of the parent's hair. Here are 10 different Christian Camps that are great some that I myself have experienced, the rest are ones that I have helped plan for other children.
Christ in Youth (CIY) - This is not a camp as much as a conference, however it lasts a week and it involved lots of fun Christian classes, nights of singing with popular Christian bands, and also a elective class such as singing, pottery, art, and so on. The conference is always amazing and many people are baptized during the week. The food is provided because CIY is always on a college campus. You can see all the area they have them set up on www.ciy.com. I went to this for 3 years running and we had so much fun we enjoyed every moment and made a lot of new friends along the way.
Camp Como - This is a great Christian Camp in the Colorado Rockies. I always went to the winter camp every year and they had inner tubes, sledding, hide and seek in 2 foot now drifts, basketball, a rock wall, and volleyball. It is very rustic with 4 bunk beds per room, but you are warm and the breakfast is all homemade no frozen food here. The kids are required to help with dishes every night, and there is a nightly service which is fun with a lot of games. They also have summer camps as well. Because you are nestled in the mountains you can also go hiking and fishing during the day. This is a great camp for children of all ages. You can visit them at www.campcomo.com.
Camp Crestridge for Girls - This is a girl camp only located in North Carolina. They are very spiritually based and because they are specifically for girls they cater to all the needs. Not only do they get a great faith based program but they also have archery, swimming, cheerleading, basketball, and aerobics to name a few. They also have adventure days where the girls can go canoeing, backpacking, and whitewater rafting. This is only for the summer time and the cost is approximately 500.00 a week.
Kanukuk Camps - This camp has been around since 1926, but don't think it's old fashioned. You not only have standard camp activities but you also have the ability to jet ski, water ski, rappelling, wakeboarding, and camping lakeside. They make sure all their adventures and exciting and unique. They are also all Christian based as well. They also make sure to talk with kids about the emotional turmoil they go through while encouraging them to find themselves. This is one of the top and well know Christian camps around however the prices are steep at 1,675.00 to begin with. However if you belong to a Christian church usually you can fundraise for all the kids to go.
Pine Cove Christian Camps - This camp is located in Tyler, TX and is another great Christian Camp. Activities include, paintball, skeet shooting, paddle boats, fishing, and zip lining are a few of the most exciting. The prices are great because you actually rent a room for a whole family for around 600.00 which is a good price. They center their evenings around Christian worship and when they have activities they also discuss how God interplays with everything the kids do during the day.
Jenness Park Christian Camps - This camp is in Cold Springs, CA. The unique thing about this camp is that they have Mother/Daughter camps, and Father/Son camps, on top of the just children camps. All of their activities have a spiritual application and lesson that is taught with it which is also a great difference in this camp. They have horseback riding, zip lining, and they even let you help the vets at the camp itself. Due to the location which is beautiful Northern California the camp is in the higher pricing for summer camps, but it also appears to have a better Christian based activity and lesson base for children.
YMCA Camp Ocoee - This camp is located in Ocoee, TN. Due to it being YMCA based you can usually get partial scholarships if you cannot afford the full camp price. Yet the full camp price is not back at 530.00 a week. Some of the unique things about this camp is they have some interesting activities like caving and hydro rafts. They have special themed camps such as white water rafting camp or wakeboarding camp, so that the camper gets to focus on what the love the best. Plus since this is a YMCA camp you know the positive reputation they have.
Saguaro Camp Cherith - This camp is specifically centered on helping children understand God and for those who do not have a faith base to help create one. They are located in Payson, AZ and their camp dates are in July. The different array of activities includes air riflery, glass etching, and making birdhouses. They also have rewards for children that learn bible verses and songs. They do not have a coed camp there is the boy's camp at the beginning of July and the girl's camp and the end of July. The prices are great at a mere 335.00 for the week. Each cabin has a counselor that spends time specifically with there group to discuss the bible and God. This is a great smaller camp for boys and girls.
Camp Westminster - This camp is situated around Higgins Lake in Michigan. This camp has been around since 1925 and has been a Christian camp the whole time. They provide summer camps and even mission trips for Christian kids of all ages. They have a ropes course, a Lighthouse climb, and a large maze. They also teach kids, music, art, drama, and building with all the surrounding woodlands. Their camps are all throughout the summer depending on what specific thing your children are interested in. They are a week long and completely centered around Christ and all that he provides for us.
Camp Orchard Hill - This camp is in Dallas, PA. This is a large camp for Christian children. They have very busy days with many activities such as go carts, mountain biking, and zip lining. There is a devotional every night as well as chapel after dinner in the evenings. They focus on the kids and their growth in Christ as well as just making sure they have a great time. They also learn responsibility as they clean their cabins, and help around camp. The costs are also lower than some camps, the average is 350.00 a week. This is a great camp for the very active child because the day is non stop fun.
These camps are scattered all over the United States but they are all wonderful camps that make sure that ministry is the main focus along with making sure your children have a great time.
Published by Chloe Thorn
I am 33, I have a wonderful daughter who is 14..... I love to read, write, cook, and dance. I also enjoy listening to music as loud as I can crank it. All genres of music interest me but especially, rock, po...   View profile
