Best Places To Camp In Oklahoma in 2011
December 10, 2010 By: OkieCamper Category: Oklahoma Camping
Oklahoma is one of the great places in the United States of America that is very ideal for camping out and communing with nature. The state has great scenic mountains, lakes and rivers that is ideal for roughing it out under the clear skies. It is ideal for backpacking with small tents as well as taking an RV trip with the whole family. The best camping spots in Oklahoma usually have swimming pools, waterfalls and beaches that is possible for different water activities. It is a great escape the busy and noisy city life.
Oklahoma’s Turner Falls Park has over 500 camping sites that are accessible for all groups of people. These campsites have picnic tables and grill stations that are large enough to accommodate tents of small to medium size. It is a good venue for grand family reunions as it can accommodate a lot of people. There are also sites that offer electricity and running water if you cannot do without these conveniences. Of course, the highlight of the campground is 77 feet of natural waterfall that has a swimming area. An extensive group of hiking trails are also available for beginners and expert hikers. Kids do not have to be left out because there are four playgrounds for them to enjoy. If you are thinking of a family party or to celebrate a special occasion, you can rent a banquet room with a kitchen for a small fee.
The Chickasaw National Recreation Area is really the ideal campground for large groups. It has 6 grounds that can accommodate organized groups. Some campsites accommodate the handicapped and are easily accessible by wheelchair. Like most of Oklahoma’s campgrounds, this area is conducive for bass fishing, canoeing and kayaking, and swimming. Most of the camps are first come; first serve basis.
Oklahoma outdoor adventures would not be complete without horseback riding and if this is your pleasure, one of Oklahoma’s best campgrounds offer this family shared activity so your kids will surely enjoy this. The Cross Bar Ranch in Davis, Oklahoma offers organized horseback riding tours. It also has an area for dirt-biking and four-wheeler riding which will give youngsters and the young at hearts the thrill of such activities. There are also mountain hiking and biking trails that people will enjoy. However, there are no water or electric outlets for modern convenience.
Another famous camping spots in Oklahoma is Lake Murray. It is famous for its finest golf courses as well as spacious campsites, three miles of lakeside hiking trails, horseback riding, tennis courts, and an airstrip for remote control airplanes. But if camping out isn’t really your thing, you can choose to go to the Lake Murray resort which has 50 rooms and suites with grocery store and restaurants.
Truly the best camping spots in Oklahoma not only offer access to the great outdoors but also the luxuries that any family will want to indulge themselves in.
