Digg Digg
Summer, for many, just screams “road trip” – and there are few countries better suited to a road trip than the United States. We love our cars, the interstate highway system is an intricate lace-like web connecting here with the furthest there, and there’s just so much country to see!
There are great reasons to explore the U.S. by car just about anywhere you go in the country, but – as mentioned – it’s a big place. If you need help narrowing down your choices for a U.S. road trip this summer (or just need a few suggestions for places to visit in the United States – road trip or not), here are some of our favorites for the summer of 2011.
>> Read more about planning the perfect road trip and 7 Great American Road Trips
U.S. National Parks
Nothing says “summer vacation in the USA” than a trip to any one of the National Parks. Depending on what part of the country you’re visiting, you can hit several parks in one trip – but even if you focus on one and spend a week or two exploring, you’ll have a summer holiday worth talking about for many months (and years) to come.
Some US National Parks are smaller than others, so if you’re looking for parks where you could spend a couple weeks camping, hiking, and enjoying the great outdoors without getting antsy to move on, check out the Grand Canyon, Yellowstone, Yosemite, and Denali.
>> Read more about planning a US National Parks trip , and find cheap flights to Phoenix (for the Grand Canyon), cheap flights to Sacramento (for Yosemite), cheap flights to Anchorage (for Denali)
Chicago
There’s no denying that Chicago in the summer is hot and humid, so if you prefer cooler climes then look elsewhere – but summer also happens to be when this “second city” is at its most lively. Locals are taking advantage of the heat to spend lots of time outdoors – especially in or on the water – and visitors get to take part in the many festivals that go in Chicago during the summer.
One of the festivals worth traveling for is Lollapalooza , a fixture on the summer music festival scene in Chicago since 2005. It runs for three days in early August, and the lineup – not to mention the location – is always great. And really, don’t let the talk of the heat put you off too much – this is, after all, a city with air conditioning in every single building and vehicle in sight.
>> Read about things to do in Chicago in the summer , and find cheap flights to Chicago
Burning Man
Burning Man hardly needs an introduction – especially to a certain contingent – and the festival-cum-event is increasingly popular despite the fact that in order to talk about it you have to use the words “Nevada desert” and “during August” in the same sentence. Not only does Burning Man provide an epic way to end your summer, it’s also tailor-made for a road trip (since that’s the only way to get there).
There are lots of reasons to go to Burning Man – the art installations, the sense of community, the whole off-the-grid mentality – but an obvious highlight is the burning of the enormous wooden man (hence the name of the event) that marks the end of the party each year.
>> Find cheap flights to Reno (closest airport to the Burning Man site)
Pacific Northwest
Fans of the Pacific Northwest will tell you that there are good reasons to visit the region no matter what time of year it is, but it’s hard to deny the appeal of a summer trip to this part of the country. Let’s face it – parts of Oregon and Washington are pretty damp for many months in a row, so when summer hits it’s time to take advantage of the glorious weather.
Summer in the Pacific Northwest is spectacular – it rarely gets too hot, and it’s not humid, making it just about perfect through most of June, July, and August. Staying in Portland or Seattle and making day trips to popular outdoor attractions nearby is one option, but the Pacific Northwest is another great area for a road trip. Meander back and forth enough across these states and you’ll see desert, mountains, forests, lakes, beaches, and rainforests all in a few days (if not hours).
>> Find cheap flights to Seattle or cheap flights to Portland
Miami
It’s hard to get more summery than Miami, arguably a summer destination year-round, but if you’re looking for a cosmopolitan city with more than just beaches on offer then Miami’s a great place to go for a summer trip. Yes, there are beaches in Miami worth writing home about, and you may never leave your lounge chair – but if you do, you’ll be rewarded.
Miami’s a shopper’s paradise, and there have long been great restaurants in the city, but lately it seems there’s more of a concentration of restaurants serving up food that’s making the rest of the country stop and take note. The neighborhood of South Beach in particular is popular with foodies and shoppers alike. And yes, the beach in South Beach is fabulous, too.
