 
Academic Summer Camps
SuperCamp's academic summer camps provide middle school, high school and college students with valuable age/grade-specific learning skills that benefit them in all subject areas. Unlike other academic camps that focus on one discipline, such as science or math, SuperCamp's summer academic programs provide students with long-term value by showing them how to learn more effectively.
Learning Skills Taught at our Academic Camps
Effective Reading
Students learn powerful reading techniques that simultaneously increase reading speed and comprehension.
Quantum Writing
Campers learn how to do develop a more creative writing style and ways to overcome writer's block to help them handle any writing assignment with less stress and better results.
Quantum Note-Taking
We show campers how to take notes in class that will help them the most when they are studying for tests and exams.
Memory Techniques
Students acquire powerful ways to store and recall vocabulary words, history dates, and other facts using the peg, location, and association methods.
SAT/ACT Preview
In our teen academic camps, we teach campers strategies for standardized tests (SAT/PSAT/ACT), including how to maximize scores, recognize traps, and make the least mistakes.
Study Strategies
The strategies we teach in all of our academic summer camps are focused on the quality and effectiveness of the time spent doing homework and preparing for tests.
Math Mastery
Campers gain problem-solving strategies that make learning all levels of math more natural and that help improve grades.
The Unique Ingredient at our Academic Summer Camps
What good are new learning skills if a student doesn't have the self-confidence or motivation to apply them? At our pre-teen and teen academic camps, we incorporate life skills, along with the learning skills, which help increase each camper's focus, drive and determination.
It's one of the unique aspects of our academic camps that set us apart from other academic summer camps and enrichment programs. At SuperCamp, students learn about taking ownership for their future and their present. We orchestrate many "success moments" at camp to help them realize their potential. And we help them break through barriers and set goals, in many cases for the first time in their lives.
 
