Florida has lots of places to camp, but for families, these are some of the state's best spots.
1. Fort De Soto Park | Pinellas County
The county park has a 238-site, full-service campground that seems to have been created with families in mind. The amenities include picnic tables, grills, fresh water, electricity, washers, dryers, sanitary disposal stations, modern restrooms, showers, play areas and a camp store. The park has more than 7 miles of waterfront recreation, including two fishing piers, nature trails, paved bike trail and a canoe trail. Campsites range from $30 to $35 a night. Call (727) 582-2267 or go to the Web site .
2. Oscar Scherer State Park |  Venice
This is one of the best places in the state to see the elusive Florida scrub jay. Hike 15 miles of trails through the pine flatwoods or rent a canoe or kayak and paddle South Creek, a tannic stream that flows into the Gulf of Mexico. Fish the creek or Lake Osprey, which is also open to swimming. Like most state parks, the full-service campground is clean and well-maintained. The park's nature center is a great place to introduce youngsters to the ecology of this unique area. Campsites are $22 a night. Call (941) 483-5956 or go to the Web site .
3. Myakka River State Park |  Sarasota
It is one of Florida's oldest and largest state parks, and as a result, there is no shortage of things to do. The Myakka River, designated as a Florida Wild and Scenic River, flows through the heart of the 58-square-mile wilderness playground. Tour the lake on one of the world's largest airboats or take to the treetops on the canopy walkway. There's also excellent fishing, canoeing, kayaking, bike riding and bird-watching. The park has cabins and backcountry sites as well as a full-service family campground. Campsites are $22 a night. Call (941) 361-6511 or go to the Web site .
4. Lake Kissimmee State Park |  Lake Wales
You will be taken back to a time when "cracker" cowboys ruled the Florida scrub land. No trip is complete without a visit to the park's 1876-era cow camp. Not much has changed since "cow hunters" ruled the prairie. You'll see white-tailed deer, bald eagles, sandhill cranes and wild turkeys. Anglers can catch bass on lakes Kissimmee, Tiger and Rosalie. There are also 13 miles of hiking trails, six of which are open to equestrians. The full-service campground is one of the best places in Florida for stargazing. Campsites are $17 a night. Call (863) 696-1112 or go to the Web site .
5. Anastasia State Park |  St. Augustine
This park is a rare gem. The beach and surrounding wetlands have been preserved and look much the way they must have 500 years ago when the Spanish explorers first made landfall. Besides great surfing, fishing, canoeing and kayaking, the park has an archaeological site where coquina rock was mined to create the nearby Castillo de San Marcos National Monument, the oldest Spanish fortress in America. Explore the dunes and stunted oak hammocks via the nature trail or paddle Salt Run, a tidal salt marsh, in a canoe or kayak. Campsites are $23 a night. Call (904) 461-2033 or go to the Web site .
6. Tomoka State Park| Ormond Beach
This was once home to a thriving American Indian community. Visit the park's fish-filled lagoons and you will see the attraction. A water lover's paradise, Tomoka is also a great place to watch birds. Naturalists have identified more than 160 species. In the river, you can catch red drum, sheepshead, spotted sea trout, snook and tarpon. Visitors can also take a hike on the half-mile nature trail through a hardwood hammock that was once an indigo field for an 18th century British landowner. Campsites are $20. Call (386) 676-4050 or go to the Web site .
7. Blue Spring State Park|  Orange City
The park has the largest spring on the St. Johns River. This area was once inhabited by American Indians, and in 1766, was home to botanist John Bartram. The spring's gin-clear 73-degree water is a haven for swimmers, snorkelers, scuba divers and the West Indian manatee. The spring run provides a warm water refuge for these gentle sea cows during the winter months, and as a result, is closed from Nov. 15 through March 1. But visitors can still fish, boat and canoe the St. Johns. Camping is $20 a night. Call (386) 775-3663 or go to the Web site .
8. Silver River State Park |  Ocala
The park is right next door to the Silver Springs and Wild Waters theme parks, home of the famous glass-bottom boat tours. You can spend your first day at this classic Florida tourist attraction and then head out on your own to paddle the Silver River. The state park also has a pioneer cracker village and the Silver River Museum and Environmental Education Center, which is open on weekends and holidays. You can also hike or ride one of the park's many nature trails. Camping is $21 a night. Call (352) 236-2121 or go to the Web site .
9. Paynes Prairie Preserve State Park |  Micanopy
Paynes Prairie Preserve is valued for not only its natural communities, but its history as well. In 1774, botanist John Bartram wrote a detailed description of this region and called it the "great Alachua Savannah." Park activities include hiking, bird-watching, fishing, picnicking and bicycling. Climb the 50-foot-high observation tower to see a wide array of wildlife, including alligators, bison and wild horses. You can also pick from eight trails for hiking, horseback riding and biking. Camping is $15 a night. Call (352) 466-3397 or go to the Web site .
10. Jay B. Starkey Wilderness Park |  New Port Richey
This park has more than 8,300 acres of forest, with bike, hiking and horse trails. The park, a joint venture of the Pasco County Parks Department and the Southwest Florida Water Management District, has a great, heavily wooded camping area. Stop by the Environmental Education Center and see artifacts from a 19th century "Cracker" homestead that was discovered, excavated and is now maintained by a local Boy Scout Explorer post. Camping is $10 a night. Call (727) 834-3247 or go to the Web site .
To reserve campsites at state parks, contact Reserve America .
About this series
First in a four-part, yearlong series focusing on camping in Florida by Terry Tomalin,
St. Petersburg Times outdoors editor.
Upcoming stories are:
• State park cabin camping, September
• Wilderness camping, December
