Best Places to go in August 2011: Four Offbeat Summer Holiday Ideas
May 9, 2011
Still stuck on where to go this summer? Never fear, we’ve put together four ideas for slightly offbeat things to do and places to go in August 2011. You won’t be following the crowd with these tip-offs (unless you’re armed with tomatoes, that is…)
1. Essaouira for kite-surfing
Why? While the rest of Morocco bakes in August, coastal town Essaouira keeps relatively cool with strong sea breezes sweeping in off the Atlantic. Make the most of them with a spot of kite or wind-surfing, or just hit the promenade and marvel at the contrast of colourful sales against clear blue sky and sea. The town itself is a crumbling beauty, and a 2k walk south down the beach reveals a ruined fortress, Bordj El Berod, collapsed into the sand.
Where do I stay? Riad Zahra is 100m from the beach and has a pool and roof terrace as well as free Wi-Fi. Doubles start at £50.45prpn.
2. Santorini for a volcano spa swim
Why? Fancy a bit of spa pampering that won’t cost a penny? Take a swim in the sea off Greece’s Santorini archipelago, formed by a volcano blowing its top a few thousand years ago. The water surrounding islands Nea Kameni and Palea Kameni is rich in manganese, iron and sulphur dioxide, which is a treat for your skin and can soothe arthritis. Take a boat tour out to hike around the volcano summit on Nea Kameni, then rejuvenate with a quick dip. You’ll dry off quickly, too: temperatures top 30°C in August.
Where do I stay? Anna Pension is a calm, family-run hotel on the main island, a short drive from largest town Fira and the coast. Doubles start at £15.76prpn.
3. Bunol, Valencia for a huge tomato fight
Why? The ultimate food fight, La Tomatina, aka “that festival where everyone chucks tomatoes at each other” happens on the last Wednesday of August in Bunol, Spain (this year August 31st, 2011). Preceded by a week of parades, fireworks and, most lip-smackingly, a paella cook-off the night before, the fight proper begins around 10am with a water canon being fired in main square Plaza del Pueblo. In the hour that follows, tomato chaos reigns – wear goggles and expect to have your shirt ripped off.
Where do I stay? Bunol is a small town and beds go fast – a better bet is to catch the special Tomatina bus from Valencia All Inclusive Camping . This coastal campsite in Valencia provides you with a tent, bedding, a hot breakfast and BBQ dinner every day. From £43.37pppn.
4. Reykjavik for twilight at midnight
Why? Don’t want to bake on the beach this August? Iceland’s capital Reykjavik is a pleasant 13 – 20°C this time of year, and being just south of the Arctic Circle means you’ll get 17 hours of sunshine a day. It never really gets beyond the twilight stage at night-time, either, which’ll be handy on August 20th when Reykjavik Culture Night (Menningarnótt) rolls in to town: expect an open-air stage, parades, food stalls and fireworks. Chill out the next day with a dip in one of the city’s geothermally-heated swimming pools .
Where do I stay? Guesthouse Galtafell is a friendly place to stay right in the centre of town. Suites have their own lounge, bathroom and kitchenette. Doubles start at £97.54prpn.
Agree/disagree? Where are you going this summer? Let us know in the comments…
Words: Isabel Clift
Flickr image credits, with thanks: 1 2 3 4 5
Related posts:
