Location: Media, PA
Ages: 3 to 14 years old
General Information:All full day camps from 8:30 to 3:30 pm All 1/2 day camps run from 8:30 to 12:00 pm They have weekly themes, serve healthful snacks in the morning and Popsicles in the afternoon.
Location: Swarthmore, PA (Rutgers Avenue School / C.A.D.E.S.)
Ages: For grades K thru 5th (Grades going into in September)
Gerneral Information
Swarthmore Recreation Association Summer Club Day Camp Monday thru Friday: 9:00—11:30 a.m. Everyday activities are planned according to age group and interest; including: Crafts, indoor and outdoor games, sports Playground activities, story time, beverage break Special events will include special "Days" such as:Carnival, Watermelon Hunt, Pop Corn Day, Treasure Hunt, Bingo Party, Hot Dog Day, Water Ice Day,Homemade Ice Cream Day, Magic Show, MoonBounce Day, Skit Day, Color the World Day, Paper Bag Puppet Day, Spin Art Day, Grandparents' Day,Balloon Man Visit, Puppet Show, Collection Day,Karaoke Day, Concert by Makin' Music Band, Franklin Inst. visit.
Location: Swarthmore Friends Meeting House Swarthmore College 12 Whittier Place
Ages: 3 yr olds (by June 30) and 4 yr olds (must be toilet trained)
General Information:Monday thru Friday: 9:00—11:30 a.m.
Everyday activities are planned according to age group and interest; including: Crafts, indoor and outdoor games Playground activities, story time, snack break Special events will include special "Days" such as:Pony Rides, Watermelon Party, Pop Corn Day, Nature Hunt, Bingo, Puppet Show, Hot Dog Day, Water Ice Day, Ice Cream Day, Magic Show, Makin' Music Day,Book Day, Color the World Day, Parachute Day, Color Days.
*** 2011 info is not available yet***
Location: Ridley Creek State Park -Park Office, second floor
Age: 8- 14
General Information: 9 am-1 pm, Monday-Friday
Each session is 2 weeks long
This is a rigorous program designed for rugged outdoor-loving kids. It is not designed to toughen up or introduce children to nature.
***2011 info will be available in May
Location: Radnor High School
Ages: 5 to 15 years old
General Information: Planned activities such as arts and crafts, sports games, swimming, performing arts, and a camp carnival. Special events includes exciting field trips to Devon Bowling Lanes, Water World water park, and Citizens Bank Park! Transportation is available for full day campers.
Location : Ithan Elementary School
Ages: 3 & 4 year olds
General Info: This camp is a great way to become acquainted with the summer camp experience. An opportunity to meet new friends. Each week features a theme which all activities and special events are planned around. Lots of great visitors each week!
Location: 27 Oberlin Avenue Swarthmore
Ages: 8-16 years old
General Information: Kids will explore foods from the various regions of the United States and around the world! For those students planning on joining for more than one week, they can look forward to new recipes and experience each week.
Location: Benchmark School 2107 North Providence Road, Media, PA
Ages: 6-11 years old
General Info: The five-week Summer Language Arts Camp is designed for students ages 6 to 11 who can benefit from reading and writing instruction beyond the regular school year, as well as enjoy the fun of a recreational day-camp experience. The program combines 1–3/4 hours of Benchmark's nationally recognized language arts program with extensive recreational activities, including a Confidence Course. Designed to make even the most reluctant reader "hooked on books," the program places emphasis on developing increased confidence and self-esteem both at work in the classroom and at play with peers.
Location: Located on the corner of Holmes Road and Academy Avenue in Holmes, PA
Ages: ages 5 thru the 6th grade
Gerneeral Info: This summer camp runs from July 11th – 15th from 6:00 – 8:30 pm. The theme is: High Seas Expedition: Where kids explore the mighty love of God. We do amazing crafts, have lip-smacking snacks, sing incredible music, and witness awesome Bible dramas. VBS is for children ages 5 thru the 6th grade. There is no registration fee but donations to offset expenses are appreciated. We are located on the corner of Holmes Road and Academy Avenue in Holmes, PA. To register online go to www.holmeschurch.org/vbs or register upon arrival. Any questions, call 610-532-0346.
