Top 5 Adventures
Top 5 Adventure Activities
With everything there is to choose from in Whistler, deciding what to do and fitting it all in can be tough. That’s why we’ve put together this list of our top activity recommendations; to make it easy for you! These tried and tested adventure activities are sure to give you the thrill you’re looking for.
PEAK 2 PEAK ALPINE EXPERIENCE
The PEAK 2 PEAK Gondola accesses over 50 kms                      of hiking trails spread over both Mountains,                      ranging from easy to epic. Our signature High                      Note and Decker Loop trails are must dos for any                      adventure seeker.Starting from $43
More Information
WHISTLER MOUNTAIN BIKE PARK
Downhill biking thrills for everyone from                      beginners to adrenaline-hungry hardcores.                      With over 4,900 vertical ft of lift-accessed                      trails, the Whistler Mountain Bike Park is                      world-renowned. Starting from $48
More Information
ZIPTREK ECOTOURS
An adrenaline rush you won’t forget. Whiz high above Fitzsimmons Creek on a safe, secure zipline and get an eagle-eye view of the Coastal rainforest below. Starting from $89
More Information
ATV TOURS
Marvel at the power and capability of your                      all-terrain vehicle while venturing deep                      into the backcountry. Plenty of fresh air,                      alpine views and wildlife. Starting from $109
More Information
RAFTING
The churning waters around Whistler offer                      whitewater-rafting tours for all, whether you want to get your feet wet or plunge                      headfirst into the rapids. Starting from $89
Top 5 Family
Top 5 Family Activities
With everything there is to choose from in Whistler, deciding what to do and fitting it all in can be tough. That’s why we’ve put together this list of our top activity recommendations; to make it easy for you! These fun filled family activities are sure to give you the memorable family getaway you’re looking for.
PEAK 2 PEAK ALPINE EXPERIENCE
From sightseeing on the PEAK 2 PEAK Gondola to spectacular views from the                      summit of Whistler to a mountaintop BBQ,                      the mountains are full of adventures the                      whole family can enjoy Starting from $43
More Information
FAMILY ADVENTURE ZONE presented by Nintendo®
Looking for an activity that gets everyone                      excited? Don't pick just one. Head to the                      Adventure Zone for a variety of activities                      guaranteed to keep the whole family happy,                      from mini golf, pony rides and more!
More Information
MOUNTAIN TOP BBQ SERIES
Join us every Friday, Saturday and Sunday                      evening at the Roundhouse Lodge on                      Whistler for an incredible mountaintop                      BBQ experience with live entertainment at                      6,000 ft. Lift ticket included with dinner. Starting from $60.95 for adult, $26.95 children 7-12
More Information
RIVER OF GOLDEN DREAMS CANOE TRIP
This meandering, aptly-named stream is                    perfect for a quiet afternoon paddle. Its                    crystal clear waters run gently, giving you                    the chance to take in the breathtaking                    views that surround you. Starting from $99
More Information
SQUAMISH LIL'WAT CULTURAL CENTRE
The Squamish Lil'wat Cultural Centre is a cultural activity for the whole family, showcasing the history and art of First Nations peoples through drumming performances, tours, outdoor exhibits and more. Located in Whistler's Upper Village.
Top 5 Smart Luxury
Top 5 Smart Luxury Activities
With everything there is to choose from in Whistler, deciding what to do and fitting it all in can be tough. That’s why we’ve put together this list of our top activity recommendations; to make it easy for you! These deluxe activities are sure to show you the very best of what Whistler has to offer.
GOLF
Whistler's four championship golf courses,                      designed by the likes of Palmer and                        Nicklaus, are world-renowned for their                      challenging holes, immaculate greens and,                      of course, amazing views. Starting from $105 (Big Sky Golf & Country Club)
More Information
SCANDINAVE SPA
Enjoy the rejuvenating Scandinavian baths at                      this spectacular outdoor spa. It's a refreshing                      take on the traditional spa experience,                      nestled in a pristine forest and offering hot                      and cold baths, massages and hammocks. Starting from $58 (Swedish Baths)
More Information
SEA TO SKY CLIMB BY TRAIN
Make the spectacular journey from                      Vancouver to Whistler aboard the luxury                      Whistler Mountaineer. The open-air car is                      ideal for snapping pictures, something you'll                      surely be doing a lot of. Starting from $149
More Information
SALMON BAKE JEEP TOUR
You'll journey 6,000 ft up Blackcomb in                     comfort and style aboard a 4x4. There,                     you'll enjoy live music while aromas of                     maple-glazed wild BC salmon fill the air. Starting from $139
More Information
WHISTLER TASTING TOUR
A 3-hour tour of Whistler combined with a                      four-course meal. The twist? Each course                      is provided by a different restaurant and                      paired with a BC wine. The perfect way to
explore Whistler's culinary scene. Starting from $90 (Hidden Gems Tour)
Top 5 Free
Top 5 FREE Activities
Who says having a bundle of fun means spending a bundle of cash? Whistler is filled with fun, fabulous things to do that won't cost you a cent, and here are the Top 5.
LAKES AND BEACHES
Whistler's beaches offer clean sand, great swimming and inrivalled views.  Lost Lake is within walking distance of the Upper Village, Rainbow Lake boasts a beach volleyball court and Wayside Park has BBQs and kayak rentals.
LUNAFLIKS combine fresh air & films. Come unfold your blanket at Lost Lake every other Wednesday in July & August.
HIKING AND WALKING
The town of Whistler and the surrounding mountains are crisscrossed with trails perfect for any occasion, from casual after-dinner strolls to epic, backcountry exploring. The Valley Trail is a popular, paved walkway that winds throughout the Village – perfect for strollers, bikers and rollerbladers. Black Tusk Trail is a more challenging, 3-4 hour hike up to some of the best views you'll ever find. The 30 km Lost Lake Loop is a haven for joggers or folks just out for some fresh mountain air.
WHISTLER FARMERS MARKET
The scenic Upper Village Market stroll hosts this community event every Sunday from June 17 to October 8.  Featuring local produce, cooking demos by local chefs and more. Plus, live music and face painting make this event fun for the whole family.
More Information
VILLAGE STROLL
The Village is the real heart of the resort, a pedestrian-only area brimming with shops, patios, art galleries and more. Spend a day ambling along its cobbled streets, with performers and live music everywhere and plenty of spots to sit back and partake in some good, old-fashioned people watching.
BIKING
Slather on the sunscreen, pop on your helmet and head out to explore the area on a two-wheeled adventure. The Valley Trail is a gentle, paved path connecting all of the resort's neighbourhoods.  Riders come from all over the world for the 250km of cross-country mountain bike trails in the Whistler Valley. Bikers looking for a spot to show off their sick moves and big jumps are in luck— the town has built an amazing BMX park near the day parking lot.
