More info »
Teen Summer Camps - Summer Boot Camps - Weight Loss Camps
Alternative summer camps that emphasize experiential therapy can profoundly affect teens with issues such as ADHD, Autism, Asperger's, obesity, learning differences, or behavioral problems. Troubled teens and kids with special needs often don't fit into traditional summer camps. Parents who have teens heading down the "wrong path" will often see dramatic changes in their teen's attitude, behavior, and motivation after a therapeutic wilderness camp or other alternative summer camps.
The best summer camps have a high ratio of field instructors or counselors to students. This makes the experience the most rewarding, because no student can be "lost in the crowd." Some of these programs have been in existence for many years, and we list some of the most respected alternative summer camps and programs in the United States.
Wilderness Therapy & ADD - ADHD
Children and teens with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often benefit highly from wilderness programs. Why is this? The need for focused attention on challenging tasks in a controlled group setting allows ADD kids to hone not only their skills of concentration, but their social skills. The group experience, when facilitated by experienced counselors, allows ADHD kids to learn how to better interpret feedback from their peers and adjust their behavior appropriately. Maybe a summer wilderness camp experience could help your teen with ADHD! More about the types of students who benefit from wilderness programs.
ADHD and Summer Vacation
Parents of kids with ADHD know that schedules and structure help these children thrive. Learn how one dad prepares his ADHD son for the less structured time that comes with summer break Read More >>
Summer Camps Topics
Mutual Benefits: Summer Camp Is Great for Kids AND Parents
Summer camps are a great way for kids and teens to have an exciting summer adventure, AND a great way for parents to get a break from chaperoning, car pooling, and otherwise struggling to find ways to keep kids busy during those summer months. Read More >>
Questions to Ask When Choosing a Weight Loss Camp
How does a parent know what to look for when reviewing weight loss camps for kids? This article will help you know what questions to ask when you contact camps. Read More >>
Do Summer Weight Loss Camps Work
You keep hearing that "diets don't work." But in the case of weight loss summer camps, the results tell a different story... Read More >>
Wilderness Therapy vs. Boot Camps
What is the difference between boot camps and wilderness therapy? Which is the right choice for your troubled teen? Read More >>
Featured Articles
SUWS Teen Wilderness Programs: 30 Years of Effective Service to Youth & Families
One way to evaluate therapeutic wilderness programs is to look for a program that has stood the test of time. And in that category, one program stands head and shoulders above the rest.  SUWS Wilderness Programs, the nations longest continuously operating therapeutic wilderness program, has been serving young people and their families for an unprecedented 30 consecutive years. more...
