[ edit ] United Kingdom
Summer camps are not a mainstream part of childhood in the United Kingdom, in the way they are in North America. The term "summer camp" itself is not considered to be British English ; the industry body is called the British Activity Holiday Association. [3] Camps in the UK are also generally less specialised than that within the United States and most offer a fairly broad Multi-Activity programme of adventure activities alongside some fun social elements. This is partly because summer camps in the UK grew as an off-shoot of the activity holiday industry and were therefore influenced by their adventure-only outdoor programme. The UK has for the past few decades had a number of organisations that have established themselves more along the traditional American Camp model with a very wide range of holiday options as well as themed camps and major event days. Some religious groups, such as the Christadelphians , also run well publicised and attended camps throughout the country.
The Council of Colony Holidays for Schoolchildren ran summer camps called "Colonies" from the mid-1960s to the mid-1980s. Colonies were not based on outdoor pursuits or the "action-adventure" model, but were multi-activity holidays designed to appeal to a very wide range of children. This organisation was based on the French model, and was unique in the UK in that the young volunteers who worked directly with the children (known as "Monitors") were prepared for their work in training courses designed and run by the organisation. After Colony Holidays folded in the 1980s, Chris Green , one of their former staff, set up ATE Superweeks to provide similar holidays. He also campaigns for summer camps to become more widely supported. [4]
Camps in the UK with more specific activities include ACT 2 CAM , a screen acting and film making course, and Sunshine Studios Hip Hop Summer School.
Any summer or holiday camps in the UK that look after children under 8 must be registered with Ofsted , who will inspect the provider and make sure the camp is safe and that the children are being looked after properly. Camps with older children can also be registered with Ofsted and this is a sign of quality control.
Children swimming at an Indiana Church Camp.
The first American summer camp is the Gunnery Camp in 1861 [5]
The American Camp Association (ACA) reports that 10 million children attend camp annually, and there are approximately 12,000 camps nationwide.
OverNight Summer Camp provides a listing of OverNight Summer Camps in the United States
Camps include both religious, for-profit, nonprofit, and government camps. In the United States , youth organizations , like the Boy Scouts , Girl Scouts , 4-H , the JCC , the YMCA , Camp Fire USA , and several religiously-affiliated groups are known for having many camps and integrating them with their own local organizations.
[ edit ] Educational camps
Young girls learning how to make a bed at a "vacation school" in the late 1890s, what in modern terminology would probably be a summer camp.
In the United States there are numerous models of camp with an educational focus that cater to students with differing ages and academic interest.
[ edit ] College credit courses
Some camps offer students the opportunity to explore a pre-college experience. Typically, students entering grades 10 through 12 stay in the college dormitories and attend summer classes run by college faculty.[ citation needed ] At the successful completion of a summer program, course credits are awarded, which in turn are accepted by most tertiary institutions. Typically, colleges in the United States and Canada offer these programs as it serves as an introduction to students to entice them to attend the college as a full time student based upon a memorable summer experience.[ citation needed ] One example is Camp CAEN , a computer camp offered by the College of Engineering at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . It is focused on educating high school aged students on subjects related to computer science and computer engineering , as well as exposing them to elements of college life.
A camper launches a model rocket at Starbase Kelly at Lackland Air Force Base , Texas , Aug. 10, 2007. Starbase Kelly, sponsored by the 433red Airlift Wing of the U.S. Air Force , is a five-day camp focused on providing fourth , fifth and sixth-graders with education on math, science and technology during the summer.
[ edit ] Non-college credit courses
Some camps, such as CTY and Duke TIP, are focused primarily on education or on educational-related activities, such as debate , history , or journalism . These camps are often run by colleges or universities, and are usually for children in junior or senior high school. Educational summer camps are different than summer schools as the summer camps often are not offered for school credit, and often have a significant focus on non-academic activities. Students for these programs are often invited or recruited.[ citation needed ] Many of these camps, such as Canada/USA Mathcamp and SSP , focus on a specific subject, such as mathematics or astronomy. These camps tend to have selective application processes involving problem solving or an essay about the applicant's interest in the subject. [6]
[ edit ] Academic adventure camps
These provide high school students with the opportunity to study an academic topics on a summer adventure travel program, typically in the wilderness or a foreign country. Many include community service as a component of the course. Others also offer college credit with the successful completion of the program.
[ edit ] SAT Preparation courses
Various camp programs offer preparation for the SAT Reasoning Test as part of a mixture of academic learning with summer fun. Often the SAT preparation is offered as a full morning immersion while the afternoons and evenings are geared towards homework and recreational activities. These camp programs often outsource their SAT component from test preparation companies like The Princeton Review or Kaplan who provide the teachers and resources.
[ edit ] Enrichment courses
These programs offer a wide range of classes that may have little or no scholastic overlap, but are taught with the purpose of broadening the student's conception and interest in many otherwise unknown areas of study. Students typically explore subjects like photography, community service, drama, magic, scuba diving, video production, comic book design, crime scene forensics, cooking, yoga, and similar areas.
[ edit ] Science & Nature
Summer camps provide an amazing opportunity for children to learn hands on. Camps provide opportunities that are unlike school, often opening the natural world to children that may never be outside. They can use the natural surroundings and get children back to nature. More and more child psychologists says that kids need to be spending time unstructured and outside. One of the best Nature Camps is Swift Nature Camp in the Northwoods of Wisconsin. They are successful because they blend traditional camp activities with that of a Science camp.
[ edit ] Science & Nature Camps in Canada
Some well known summer camps focusing on science and nature in Canada include Deep River Science Academy , Shad Valley , numerous university sponsored and hosted day camps including the University of Toronto 's Science Outreach, Space Camp Canada and the now defunct Algonquin Space Campus hosted at the Algonquin Radio Observatory .
[ edit ] Tech camps
Tech camps focus on technology education. These summer camps develop 21st century skills in areas such as game design, 3D game creation, web design, graphic design, robot building, and programming languages. These summer camps are typically held on college campuses. Many universities now offer technology-focused camps in the summer as a way of reaching future students, generating revenue and providing community service outreach. Examples include the University of Michigan School of Art & Design [7] and the DePaul University College of Computing and Digital Media . [8]
[ edit ] Language and Foreign Culture camps
To meet a growing demand for language education, language camps have developed around the United States. Many of these summer programs are hosted by high schools. Colleges and universities have also created camps using their facilities to host younger students. Foreign countries have established summer schools in the United States to offer education regarding their culture and language. The growing popularity of summer language camps may be related to a growing interest in languages not typically offered in United States high school curricula. Arabic, Mandarin Chinese, and Korean are examples of languages in-demand that do not often appear in a curriculum.
[ edit ] Art and performing art camps
Other camps have become summer training grounds for a variety of arts. Many offer elective classes in a range of creative and performing arts activities including visual art, music, theatre, speech, debate, dance, circus arts, rock and roll, magic and other specialties. Some of these programs have a narrow focus in one particular area, while others offer a wide rage of programs. Due to the popularity of these activities, many traditional camps have added some elements of the visual and performing arts into their programs as well.
Some camps offer very high level instruction and performance opportunities; this is such that campers with previous experience and skill may be able to perform a solo in front of a symphony orchestra or create an artistic piece on their own. Most art and performing art summer camps also cater to beginners, offering children the opportunity to try a new art or learn a new skill.
Performing art camps often run 3 or 4 week sessions that culminate in some sort of performance that parents and families attend.
[ edit ] Travel camps
Many camps also bring children of all ages around the world. Some camps are often called "Adventure Camps", often having a very specific theme. Many of these programs emphasize skill development and personal growth through the adventures offered.
[ edit ] Sports camps
Summer camps can be found that offer intensive instruction in almost any sport imaginable, or that offer quality instruction and competition in a wide range of sports. Camps are split into groups of day camps and overnight camps.
In the United States overnight sports camps fall into three groups. The more traditional of these offer boys and girls the chance to learn and play many sports. Sessions are typically 3 to 8 weeks long, and some camps have multiple sessions. While many strong athletes attend these camps, a traditional sports camp program also serves the needs of less proficient athletes by having all campers compete on teams picked by ability, so all kids get a chance to contribute to their team's success in their daily competitions. Some of these camps have been operating for around 100 years . Joel Lavenson, of the Maine Golf and Tennis Academy, states "A good sports camp will develop equally, the balance of technical, tactical, psychological and physical aspects of the game"9. These camps generally focus, through the medium of team sports, on the development of the whole child; not just how they are as an athlete, but also how they are as a person, a bunkmate, a teammate, and a friend. Many of these camps include a variety of non-sports programs as well for a more diverse experience.
Many sports camps are of the second type, which focuses almost exclusively on one particular sport. These camps generally focus on helping each camper acquire skills in a sport that help them gain confidence and improve their chances of making the team when they return to school. Indeed, some campers are helped to be nationally competitive by way of this kind of intensive summer training. These camps generally run week-long sessions, and some campers may attend more than one session even though the curriculum repeats each week. Some single-sport camps offer longer sessions. Many of the instructors at these camps are coaches of local teams, and thus many athletes get valuable extra time with the coach they play for during the school year (or the coach they hope to play for during the upcoming school year).
Both multi-sport and single-sport camps tend to be run by experienced teachers and coaches (who typically have summers off from their school responsibilities). Cabin staff, instructors, and counselors are typically college athletes. The best sports camps (such as the Decathlon Sports Club in Woodside and Los Altos, California and the Maine Golf and Tennis Academy), succeed at challenging and protecting aspiring athletes both mentally and physically and socially. This is possible in part because many of the counselors attended as campers, and thus there is a vibrant "camp culture" that welcomes new campers into an extended camp family and establishes the high standards that incoming campers are encouraged to achieve. They are also a good source to learn of the availability of college scholarships in their sport.
A more recent third type of sports camp that has been gaining popularity involves bringing professional coaches and trainers to the athletes instead of the athletes traveling to overnight camps. These camps are more tailored to youth sports teams because they present an effective solution for school and club teams to receive excellent training on their own schedule at much less of a cost. There is no need to pay travel or room and board for any of the campers so the costs are often 1/4 to 1/3 of the price of an average overnight sports camp for a similar level of training. The campers stay at home and attend the camp training at their school or club. Live 2 Compete is one of the camps pioneering this type of camp experience by providing single-sport focused take home camp experiences for high school sports teams.
The best sports camps do much more than just improve a camper's soccer, tennis, lacrosse, or wrestling skills; they help each child become a more skillful athlete, a more gracious competitor, a more committed team player, and a more confident person.
[ edit ] Weight loss camps
Main article: Fat camp
Weight loss or "fat" camps are for overweight children and teens to learn about losing weight and keep it off while having a summer camp experience.
[ edit ] Jewish Camps
Jewish summer camps provide an environment for campers to live and experience religion in addition to traditional camp activities, and are quite popular throughout the Jewish communities of the United States and Canada. Some camps are part of specific Jewish movements such as Orthodox, Reform, Reconstructionist, or Conservative, some are focused on Zionism and the role of Israel in Jewish life, while others focus on providing positive Jewish identity-building experiences through Jewish culture. Their wide scope cover all interests from specialty camps to general, all-inclusive activity camps and special needs programs/camps.
Many Jewish Summer camps provide experiences for American Jews to spend a summer with each other as well as Israeli staff. The main role of Jewish camps in the United States is to allow young Jewish children to find and identify with a community.
