Gary
If this weak "journalist" could find nothing else to do in South Padre Island but
get  drunk and sunburned then it is clear he is a drunk himself and is not interested in fishing either in the bay or offshore, or interested in birding or wind surfing or paddle boarding, or
Horseback riding, or scuba diving, or fine dining or beach volleyball, or going to the
movies, or taking a Spanish class, or visiting one of our many wildlife reserves,
Or shopping, or bicycle riding, or going to a concert, or church, or riding motorcycles,
Or jogging, or taking a walk, or meeting new people that are not drunk.
We have art galleries, museums, a water park, a dolphin watch boat, and camping.
We also have two excellent rehab facilities which he may find a great deal of
in.  If you are going to write about a place it might be a good and responsible idea
To actually go there.
April 19 2012 at 10:30 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
jaimefelipe79
also this photo of Tijuana, Mx was taken on the US side..... come on over...
April 19 2012 at 8:54 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
jaimefelipe79
If anyone has the "ganas" to see one of the most beautiful beaches in Tijuana, you would quickly change your mind if you have seen what I have seen.
April 19 2012 at 8:53 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
Dave Mroz
the author of this article clearly is not giving an unbiased opinion.  virginia beach is absolutely gorgeous.  the large hotel scene is just one of the many options that visitors have to enjoy the beach here.  if the author is going to use the fact that the seawater temperature is low in virginia beach, why then are there so many california beaches listed in the "good" beach catagory? the seawater temperature in california is very cold!  much colder in fact than virginia beach! in fact of the list of "good" beaches, the only beach with warm water listed is myrtle beach!
April 19 2012 at 8:20 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
kate
I lived in nj for 2 years. I enjoyed most of the beaches I visited. I actually enjoyed some of them during the fall when it's chilly and misty and you can hear the fog horns. Very cool. The worst beach I went to was a private fenced off one connected to a condo. Lots of super old super wrinkled super tanned people.
April 19 2012 at 8:07 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
kwertz1987
Whom ever wrote this article is a complete idiot. I grew up in Cape May, NJ which is one of the most beautiful places. In fact, in another article i read quite some time ago, Cape May beaches were ranked in the top 5. Do some research before you write articles clown.
April 19 2012 at 7:56 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
joesbart5
The oil spill was on the west side of Florida you Stupid f....k. I live in Palm Beach and we have Great Beaches up and down the East Coast of Florida. It is Beautiful here, so pleas check us out before you write about us!!
April 19 2012 at 7:39 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
Jim
I agree wholeheartedly about Virginia Beach.  I lived there for about 6 years.  There's a reason everyone who lives there vacations in the Outer Banks.  I have never seen a town that had so much animosity toward it's own citizens and the tourists it depends on.  Save your money and go somewhere else!
April 19 2012 at 7:31 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
kim16bhr
I have lived in vb all my life and while i hate tourist comin in and cloggin up traffic we have one of if not the best beach on the freakin east coast clearly this moron hasnt even visited all of these places just seen the pictures. I agree with mb, sc. Lovely in the extreme but to do nething u have to drive all over town in vb its all pretty much centrally located.
April 19 2012 at 6:50 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
Kativachan
You morons do realize there is no place called the Jersey Shore...right?  The beach from that awful show is Seaside Heights.  Don't count out every single beach in New Jersey just because of the show.  There are plenty of other beaches in New Jersey that are actually nice.  And Seaside Heights, where the show is filmed, isn't even that bad...Get your facts straight and do your homework because posting misinformed things like this.
April 19 2012 at 5:28 PM Report abuse Permalink +2 rate up rate down Reply
