At-cost summer study and adventure programs in Europe for high school students. Scholarships available.
Contact: 343 Congress Street, Suite 3100, Boston, MA 02210; 800-913-7151; fax 617-450-5601; summeradvantage@acis.com ; www.summeradvantage.com .
ActionQuest
Summer adventure camps for teens to Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, British Virgin Islands, Dominica, Dutch West Indies, Ecuador, France, French Polynesia, French West Indies, Italy, Monaco, and St. Kitts and Nevis.
Visit: www.actionquest.com
Adventure Teen Travel
Offers adventure camps, teen tours and travel programs designed specifically for students aged 11-18 to some of the most amazing places on the planet, including Brazil, Canada, China, French West Indies, Greece, and Malta.
Visit: www.adventureteentravel.com
AFS Intercultural Programs, Inc.
A non-profit organization that sends high-school students for the year, summer, or semester to more than 50 countries to live with host-families and attend local schools. AFS utilizes volunteers in order to keep fees low.
Contact: 198 Madison Ave. 8th Floor, New York, NY 10016; 800-AFS-INFO; info.center@afs.org ; www.afs.org .
Amerispan — The Bridget Between Cultures
Teen Study Abroad and Summer Camps
Visit website for information on a variety of tailored and varied teen summer camps worldwide.
Visit: www.amerispan.com/teenager_programs_abroad/
AYUSA International
AYUSA is a non-profit organization promoting global learning and leadership through high school exchange programs. Students aged 15 through 18 learn about a new culture by living with a volunteer host family and studying at a local high school. Programs vary in length from summer, semester, or academic year. AYUSA offers scholarships and study abroad programs to more than 10 countries. Program fees apply.
Contact: 600 California Street, FL 10, San Francisco, CA 94108, Tel. 800-727-4540 ext.543; studyabroad@ayusa.org , www.ayusa.org .
Costa Rican Adventures for Teens
Summer Camps
Hike, raft, bike, and zipline through Costa Rica on our 23 day EarthConnect program that integrates adventure travel, community service, and Spanish language immersion, including a week-long homestay. Outdoor Adventures for Jewish Teens: Hike, raft, zipline, surf, snorkel, and horseback ride through Costa Rica or Belize on our 22 day programs that integrates adventure travel, community service, and Jewish Community building.
Contact: info@costaricanadventures.com , www.costaricanadventures.com/summer-programs/earthconnect.html
Cultural Academic Student Exchange, Inc.
Promotes international student exchanges. For U.S. students, ages 16 to 18, there are semester, school year, and summer opportunities to live with a host family and attend school in Belgium or Italy.
Contact: 19 Charmer Court, Middletown, NJ 07748; 800-458-8336, 732-671-6448; casenj@exchangestudents.org , www.exchangestudents.org .
Deer Hill Expeditions
We offer wilderness adventure and community service programs for teens grades 7-12. Programs are run in the Southwest USA, Costa Rica, and Equador.
The Experiment in International Living
Summer Programs
The Experiment has offered transformational learning experiences for over 70 years. Summer programs, from three to five weeks, are available for high school students in more than 25 countries worldwide. Experimenters focus on themes such as community service, language study, travel, peace studies, ecology, the arts, or outdoor adventure. Homestays, experiential learning, and language immersion are part of the programs.
Contact: Kipling Road, P.O. Box 676, Brattleboro, VT 05302-0676. Tel. 802-257-7751 or 800-345-2929; eil@worldlearning.org , www.usexperiment.org .
Explorica Summer Academy
Summer Programs and Tours
Explorica offers Spanish Immersion in Marbella; Spanish Immersion in Mexico; Costa Rica Language, Adventure and Conservation; Costa Rica Sea Turtle Rescue and Conservation; French Immersion in the Cote D'Azur; Italian Language & Culture; European Cultures from London to Madrid; European Cultures from London to Athens, and Cultures of Italy and Greece.
Explorica's three-week travel, study, and volunteer programs for high-school students aged 14 to 18 years old let you explore your world with confidence. Combine international travel, immersion programs for intensive language learning, and volunteer work to expand your mind this summer.
Edukick
Summer and Yearlong Camps Providing the Language and Culture Soccer Experience of a Lifetime
EduKick International summer boarding schools and and year-long camps combine professional soccer training and language lessons in many countries. Athletes/students will learn a language, practice soccer and be immersed in a new culture.
France Summer Camp
Summer Camp for Learning French
A boys summer camp Combining a French language program with activities and excursions for teenagers between the age of 13 to 19 years of age where you will learn French in France while experiencing the adventures of traveling abroad to a foreign country. This is a summer camp holiday experience that will stay with you for the rest of your life.
