Come Discover our incredible array of the Best RV Parks, Resorts, Marinas, Campgrounds, and Retreats Florida camping has to offer.
Don't have an RV yet?
We're more than just camping and campsites. Many of our parks have rental Cabins or Vacation Homes with full amenities.
Florida is not just for RV Camping.
Some parks have been designed for the Backpacker and Tenter with natural surroundings, old-growth forests, and lazy waterfront lakes and rivers.
Use our powerful search feature to find your perfect park by Name, Region or City, settable by Mileage and Distance. You can use our Amenities Tools to fine tune just the right park in the right area with all the enjoyable features you want!
The Beginning of Your Fun Filled Adventure Starts Here!
Not sure where you want to go? Then Explore by Regions.
Welcome to Florida RV Parks and Campgrounds!
Florida is nature's playground, with gorgeous campsites throughout.
The Sunshine State has mystified visitors since the first explorers dug their heels into the earth here five centuries ago. And now it belongs to you. Florida is a buffet of sun, surf, soft breezes and fresh air. The temperate climate allows for year-round camping and endless outdoor activities. Once you lay your head to sleep on Florida soil, the land will overtake your senses.
Many states can offer lush forests, sprawling rivers or endless coastlines.  But few, if any, can offer them all. Florida can, making it unique in its natural beauty.  Camping is the best way to touch nature directly, and - best of all - create memories that will last a lifetime.  Getting outdoors here is just too good to pass up.
Come on, get out and Camp Florida!
Executive Director, President and CEO, Florida Association of RV Parks and Campgrounds (FARVC)
Because your RV Trip to Florida is more than just camping and campsites, we have listed Attractions by Counties within Regions. Start with an Florida overview using the State Navigator to quickly search these out.
Come enjoy all the Fun that only Florida's Attractions can offer!
With so many Interesting Places to go, Events to Enjoy, and Attractions to explore here in Sunny Florida, our Event Planner will keep you on the forefront of Exciting Engagements, Events, and Festivals throughout the state!
Florida! We'll Share It All With You!
Northwest Florida Region
green waters of the Emerald Coast
North Florida Region
of Natural Springs in the world
Central Florida Region
Beyond the theme parks the
surroundings are just as enchanting
South Florida Region
