Vacations
Kansas Camping
The state parks, campgrounds, RV parks and forests of Kansas all provide excellent    opportunities for camping. Whether you want to camp for a short weekend or an    entire summer, Kansas campgrounds can accommodate nearly any situation. Kansas    campgrounds are located throughout the state, near the attractions of Topeka and Kansas City , or in outlying    areas such as the Kansas Flint Hills. Camping in Kansas means more than just    pitching a tent and roasting some marshmallows. Many campgrounds have pools,    miniature golf courses, and lakes for swimming and fishing .    Some campsites in Kansas have running water and electricity, while more primitive    campsites have just enough room for a tent and a fire pit.
Each September, hundreds of campers head to the Walnut Valley Festival in Winfield for a camping event full of fun talent shows, storytelling events, musical performances, and pecan picking. The Kansas camping event lasts for four days and is a yearly tradition for many families throughout Kansas and the neighboring states. The Kansas camping festival has a full schedule of activities just for kids, as well as workshops for singers, song writers, and artists. Campsites at the Walnut Valley Festival are available on a first come, first serve basis. The campground has clean restroom facilities, small supply stores, electrical hookups, and running water.  RV sites and tent sites are available. The campground is just a short walk away from all of the fun events occurring at the festival.
The Flint Hills region has a number of Kansas campgrounds to choose from, many of which are free. The Carnahan Creek Park campground is situated on nearly 250 acres of land. The primitive campsites don't have drinking water or electricity, but there are several miles of trails for hiking and horseback riding. The campsite is located next to a large lake that is perfect for fishing.  If you're looking for Kansas Flint Hills campgrounds with more amenities, try camping at the Chase State Fishing Lake and Wildlife Area. The area features eight different fishing piers where visitors can catch several species of bass in a 109 acre lake. The campground features restroom facilities, running water, picnic tables, and fire pits. The surrounding nature area consists of nearly 400 acres of grass prairie with beautiful wildflowers and a waterfall. Make sure to bring your binoculars and watch for the wildlife such as white-tailed deer, rabbits, and wild prairie chickens.
If you prefer to camp near the attractions of Kansas City, you have several different options. The Blue Springs Lake Campground features a 720 acre lake with a swimming beach, a marina, and picnic shelters as well as miles of trails for hiking and mountain biking. Another option is the Lake Jacomo Campground. Located just on the edge of Kansas City, the campground features campsites surrounded by trees with fire rings and picnic tables. The main highlight of the Kansas camping facility is a large lake with a beach and a marina.
Visitors can go camping in Kansas nearly any time of year, although wintertime camping requires proper outdoor gear and a tolerance for cold weather . With so many options for places to go camping in Kansas, you'll have no problem finding the ideal destination to take your next family vacation to Kansas.
Latest Topics
Where are good places to go birding--and when?
Kansas Map
