10 Best Places To Camp In America
By: Banks Jefferson
Break Studios Contributing Writer
The 10 best places to camp in America are some of the most beautiful places on the globe. Hiking, fishing and kayaking are among the activities available at these American campgrounds. Getting out into the wide open spaces is a really wonderful feeling. To explore America in the vast campgrounds on land set aside and left in its natural state is a wonderful experience. The beauty and grandeur of these special places is something to be remembered for a lifetime. There are many beautiful camping spots in America, but these give a wide range of opportunities to enjoy the great outdoors with a substantially number of smaller spots to camp within the area.
Mather campground. This campground is very near one of America’s most spectacular landmarks, the Grand Canyon, and is located in Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona. With this amazing park to explore, getting the best out of the camping experience is a sure outcome. Marble Canyon on the western sector of the Grand Canyon is a lovely spot.
Wawona campground. This American campground is located in Yosemite National Park, among the Sierra Nevadas. Take a natural look at what the first settlers must have seen crossing this beautiful stretch of territory. The breathtaking beauty of the land will surely inspire you.
Bowman Lake campground. Upon arriving at Glacier National Park in Montana, camp out and see mountains capped with ice and plant life growing in abundance. Go deeper into this wilderness and take a look at Bowman Lake. Camping in this area is isolated, without many amenities. It's an exploration for the serious camper.
Blackwoods campground. Located in Maine's Acadia National Park, enjoy vibrant colored rocks mixed with plant life. Here a camper has 47,000 acres of land in which to discover what nature is all about.
Moraine campground. Located in Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado, this American campground features some gorgeous horizons. Founded in 1915, this camping site has many areas to pitch a tent, but keep in mind the modern world is left behind.
Grant Village campground. This campground is located in northwestern Wyoming, in the famous Yellowstone National Park, where visiting the Grand Geyser is a national pastime. The geyser spews heated water 150 feet into the air almost on schedule.
Malibu Creek campground. This American jewel is in California, in Malibu Creek State Park, a lovely area of flowers, mountains and grassy knolls. Enjoy outdoor activities on this agreeable landscape, such as hiking, fishing or horseback riding.
Point Reyes campgrounds. Point Reyes National Seashore is the home of this campground. Located in Marin County, very near San Francisco, this campground should be visited often, but especially during the migration of the seals (over 7,000 of them).
State Park campgrounds, Mandeville. Perched in Mandeville, Louisiana, close to Fontainebleau State Park, this special eco-system encompasses the Pearl River Wildlife preserve. Explore this untouched world of natural wildlife.
Big Sycamore Canyon campground. Nestled along the coast of central California in Ventura County, this area has quaint shops and eateries and offers access to the Los Padres National Forest coastline.
Posted on: Sep. 28, 2010
Social media links:
