Old Fashioned Fun for Kids At a Traditional Summer Camp
Once children begin school, they are constantly busy. Homework, extracurricular activities and school sports take up much of their time. Many children spend a lot of time alone playing video and computer games, because there may not be a safe outdoor area for them to meet and play with friends.
One way to give children a break from routine, is a traditional summer camp. Traditional summer camps offer a variety of activities including hiking, crafts and sports. Some offer swimming, canoing and even horse back riding.
Some traditional summer camps may have a theme that is religious or sports oriented like baseball and football camps,. Others simply offer the same old fashioned activities that generations of children have enjoyed. For younger children there are day camps where the children sleep at home each night. Older children and teens can chose from residential camps with lodges, cabins or dorms for sleeping. Read the rest of this entry
Finding the Right Kids Summer Camp
Deciding to send your child to summer camp is easy. Finding the right camp can be more challenging. Think about your child’s interests and personality. Consider the activities that he or she enjoys most. The right camp may be a specialty camp that caters to a particular hobby or interest or a more traditional camp.
Lots of Options
There are day and residential kids summer camps that offer great sports programs like basketball, football, tennis and soccer. If your child is a dancer or an artist, there are camps that offer excellent courses. Some children prefer academic pursuits like computers, math, science or history. Others may love nature and want to study flora and fauna in a wilderness environment. Some may just like to play with other children and prefer the activities of more traditional camp environment. Chose you child’s camp with their interests in mind. Read the rest of this entry
The New Summer Sports Camps
The new summer sports camps that are available are truly a far cry from the summer camps that we enjoyed whenever we were children. Make sure that your youngsters get the most out of these camps and are left with memories that will last a lifetime.
Many of us can remember summer camps from our childhood. Some of us remember these camps with a certain amount of trepidation but for most of us, they were an enjoyable time in our lives that we still treasure.
If the time has now come to send your child to camp as well, there are several things that you should keep in mind. The summer camps of our youth have really given way to a number of different types of camps that are now available. For example, there are many excellent summer sports camps which can do a lot to help to develop a healthy child, both in mind and body. Read the rest of this entry
Preparing Your Child for Overnight Summer Camp
For younger children the prospect of spending a night away from home can be frightening. Before sending you child to an overnight summer camp program you should prepare and reassure the child.
Some children may even think that they are being sent away for good. Talk to them about camp and how long they will be there and how much you will miss them.
If you are fortunate, your child may have spent a few nights away from home at grandparents’ or friends’ homes. If not, you should arrange for some sleepovers before sending them to overnight camp. If they feel assured that it is alright to spend the night away from mom and dad, and that mom and dad will pick them up when they say they will, they should have no problems dealing with overnight summer camp. Read the rest of this entry
Kids Love Outdoor Summer Camps
Summer is here and its time for outdoor fun. Kids who have been cooped up in school for months look forward to getting outside and playing. If you are working parents, instead of sending your child to a daycare where they will be indoors for most of the day, consider sending them to an outdoor summer camp.
There are many outdoor summer camp programs available in communities all over the United States. Some are day camps where the child comes home at night, and some are residential camps. By their nature, camps encourage outdoor activities.
Traditional camps offer hiking, swimming, sports, arts and crafts, even biking. These are activities that get children moving and active while they enjoy the outdoors. Theme camps may offer programs that require some time indoors, but still encourage children to participate in outdoor activities. Sports camps are by their very nature, outdoor summer camps. Read the rest of this entry
Summer Day Camp: The Perfect Summer Vacation
Summer day camps are a great way to keep children busy and involved during their summer vacations. After school lets out children look forward to sleeping late, watching TV and playing video games. The euphoria rarely lasts more than a week, then parents hear that age old complaint “I’m bored.”
There are hundreds of summer day camps available throughout the United States. Many are run by church or religious organizations. Some are run by local communities or non profit foundations. Whether public or private, some great activities await the children who attend.
Some summer day camps focus on a particular area, like sports camps, computer camps and drama camps. Others offer a variety of activities that may include hiking, sports activities, arts and crafts, nature studies and other fun things to do. The children get the interaction with their peers that they miss when school is not in session. They also have the opportunity to learn new skills or hone existing ones. Read the rest of this entry
Page 1 of 6 1 2 3 4 5 » ... Last »
Summer Camp Resources
