Adventureland - Since 1962, Adventureland has always been bringing new family fun each and
every year to families throughout the Long Island.
Atlantis Marine World - Visit the Atlantis Marine World and get lost in the "City of Atlantis." This aquarium features a live coral reef, 120,000-gallon shark tank, an Amazon Rain Forest, seal and sea lion displays, wildlife habitats, tour boat operations and a riverfront picnic area. 
Boomers - (Formerly Bullwinkles) Attractions include an indoor carousel, kiddie swing, restaurant, animated show, and 70 redemption and video games. There is an outdoor mini-golf course, six outdoor kiddie rides, bumper boats, outdoor batting cages and go-carts. 
Cold Spring Harbor Whaling Museum - This four-room museum contains such memorabilia as a 19th-Century 30-foot whaleboat, harpoons, scrimshaw and a diorama of the whaling port in 1850. Wonder Whales Gallery encourages visitors to listen to the song of the humpback whale, marvel at the size of the killer whales, and learn about whale biology through interactive displays. Hands-on activity center. 
Fire Island Lighthouse - The Fire Island Lighthouse, part of the Fire Island National Seashore has displays that cover the history of the Fire Island Lighthouse and US Lifesaving Service (pre-Coast Guard). It is open to the public for guided tower tours. The surrounding area is rich in history, wildlife and activities, and you can have an opportunity to enjoy birds, fox and deer or learn about the area's natural history on either a guided or self-guided nature walk. 
Gateway Performing Arts -     The Gateway Playhouse is one of the most popular and picturesque summer theatres in New York State, and one of the top ten summer theatres in the nation. Some of the children's theater to be presented this summer will be "Winnie the Pooh," "Mary     Poppins," and "Cinderella." 
Long Island Children's Museum -     Experience many hands-on exhibits that engage children and their families in exploration and discovery. Have fun with a giant body bubble, explore in the multimedia lab, and take a ride on the Long Island Railroad. 
Long Island Game Farm Wildlife Park - Come see the animals at the Long Island Game Farm.  Explore woodland trails and animal encounter areas, safari rail-ride,     bambiland, carousel, the nursery, and Old Mac Donald's Farmyard. There is also a picnic area, snack bar and gift shop. 
Long Island Live Steamers -   Visit LILS, located in Southaven Park, and take the whole family on a mini   train ride. LILS has been called the best kept secret on Long Island.
Long Island Maritime Museum -     This museum focuses on Long Island's maritime history, including yachting, shipbuilding, fishing and the Great South Bay oyster industry. Displays include restored oyster vessels, sailboats, oyster shacks and a turn-of-the-century bayman's cottage, plus exhibits on the old U.S. Life Saving Service.  
The Long Island Museum of American Art, History & Carriages - The Long Island Museum features art, carriage and history museums on nine park-like acres in the historic village of Stony Brook, as well as many programs for adults and children.  
Montauk Point Lighthouse - The lighthouse was commissioned by George Washington in 1792 and construction completed in 1796. The museum and gift shop in its base, run by the Montauk Historical Society, features early lighthouse photos and displays, with guides on hand. Visitors can climb to the top for sweeping views of the ocean.  
Railroad Museum of Long Island - This museum is in a historic 1890   Greenport freight station. Exhibits include a reading railroad track car, a   1907 snowplow plus a 1925 LIRR caboose. The Riverhead location features   railroad equipment, including three steam engines, a unique all-aluminum   double-deck passenger car, two baggage cars, a diesel engine, a restored   1963 LIRR, a combine, and a railway post office car.  
Splish Splash -     Prepare to get wet and have fun at Splish Splash. This water park features over 60-acres with 16 adult water slides, four kiddie pools, beach, 1,500 feet lazy river (tub ride), mammoth river (six-person tube ride), wave pool, kiddie car wash, an interactive play area, restaurant, gift shop, changing room and lockers. 
