A hands-on film and acting school with an English-language program in Tokyo. Offers filmmaking, acting, screenwriting, directing, 3D computer animation workshops. Students write, direct, shoot and edit their own films in 16 mm, 35 mm and digital technology.
***
Bldg. 2000, Yokota Air Force Base, Fussa-shi
Phone: 0425-52-2511 ext.58797 [contact Mr. Jack Daly]
Office of Cub Scouts [ages 6-10] and Boy Scouts [ages 11-18] of America in Japan. They accept children of any nationality. Summer Programs Camp; Children’s Organizations.
English Adventures offers Annual Summer Camps held in August. Nature Education, traditional camp activities, sports and games — all in English! English Adventure’s expert native-English staff bring the fun and learning of American Summer Camp to your child, without leaving Japan. More info  here . Dave Paddock is the director of  English Adventure , offering camps and outdoor programs for kids, families and organizations. Send comments, questions and suggestions to this  email .
Evergreen Hakuba Summer Camps are run by Evergreen Outdoor Center. They specialize in canoeing, kayaking, sailing and fishing to overnight camping and and mountain biking activities. Based on Lake Aokiko (15 min from Hakuba) campers stay in lakeside cabins except for overnight camping trip which are spent in tents. The camp base. See their website for details of their facilities .
International Gymnastics Club (IGC) is run by a team led by founder Lance Lee and his staff, themselves gymnasts and fitness instructors. They feature a wide variety of levels and packages for kids aged 3 to 12. The team help empower kids achieving surprising results in tumbling, vault, balance beam, and uneven parallel bars. The weeklong camps usually run from mid-June through to mid-August. Location: International School of the Sacred Heart in Hiroo. Special weeklong evening classes (5 pm) are available at Nishimachi International School gym through Aug. 5. For details, contact ICG. Phone: 3440-0384, or visit the  IGC website .
International Youth Association (Tokyo-based) holds its annual camps during August usually made up of about 100 plus Japanese participants and about 40 foreign participants. Various activities such as climbing Mt Fuji, cooking outdoors and playing games. The camp is open to children from fourth grade primary to third ear middle school. Phone: 03-3359-8421.
IZU OSHIMA is a great place for kids in a really pristine location! Camp director Dave Moodie (who is also Aquatics Director at St. Mary’s International School and Head Coach of the International Buccaneers Swimming Team) provides a great opportunity for international kids to enjoy outdoor activities & swimming in a beautiful island setting enhanced by local Japanese culture.  Izu Oshima emphasizes the outdoor experince and the sporty side of things. One arrives by boat from Tokyo. The water is clear (like in Okinawa) and you can swim with turtles just a few meters off from land. There is also a hike up a small peak. There was one girl on the trip that just finished last week, who didn’t know how to swim yet, but she also really enjoyed her experience. Visit  this webpage for camp details.
Kids-tech Camp is a three day camp for kids. Kids will learn about the wonderful world of electricity by crafting three cool projects. Day one will include the bare basics of electronic circuits and how to solder, along with a simple project to re-enforce skills. Day two, kids will learn about robotics by building their own bug bots. Day three, kids will learn about the Electro-luminescence by making cool EL projects that glow upon command.  Website:  http://tokyohackerspace.org/en/event/kids-tech-camp-2010-05-01 More details of the upcoming camp below:
* Kids-tech Camp is from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. (correction – INCLUDES MEALS! Please notify  lauren.shannon@gmail.com of any special dietary requirements).
* The camp is for ages 10 to 15.
* The camp is 35,000 yen, which includes instruction, space rental, and all supplies.
(10,000 yen Deposit REQUESTED.) Lauren will contact you after registration to arrange deposit payment via bank transfer or cash in person. Please make your deposit by Friday, April 23rd. )
Class is limited to 8 students, so register now!
Sign up below!
(Please note: We need both email and an emergency contact number in the sign-up. Incomplete sign-ups will be deleted, and your reservation canceled. Please fill in the form completely. You will be contact shortly via email for additional information.) Register at  http://tokyohackerspace.org/en/event/kids-tech-camp-2010-05-01
Krissman International Tennis School ( KITS). Alan Krissman has been courting young players in Tokyo for over two decades. Junior Tennis Camp sessions (ages 5-17) serve out instruction at all levels, held usually in early June to late August. They take place at three locations: St. Mary’s International School in Setagaya, the American Embassy Housing Compound in Roppongi, and the Hanegi courts near Shibuya. Contact KITS at 3325-0924, or check out their bilingual website:  http://www.krissmantennis.com .
Nanbo Discovery Camp / Discover Japan program emphasizes kids communing with nature. Nanbo Discovery camp operates full room and board camps located on the Boso Peninsula (Chiba Prefecture). They have  both summer school sessions and camp sessions in English. They have bilingual counselors, outdoor activities, and academic enrichment to explore the lovely environs of the Minami Boso Peninsula, Chiba. The camp is geared to students entering grades 3 through 7, and is directed by David Green, science teacher at Nishimachi for nearly three decades, and his wife Yoshiko Kimura, 4th-grade teacher at St. Mary’s. Campers can snorkel, go hiking, collect specimens from tide pools, play on the seashore, and learn a great deal about marine biology from David Green. Campers spend nights at the Hakkakuso lodge in Tateyama, and/ in tents at the beach, with cookouts over a campfire. Location: 422-1 Sunomiya, Tateyama, Chiba; Phone: 0470-28-2824. For registration and further details, contact David Green: 1-3-3-202 Okamoto, Setagaya-ku; Phone: 3708-4012; Email:  dgreen@gol.com (and if you request, David Green can help you arrange roundtrip transportation to and from Tokyo).
About David Green: For over 25 years, David Green and Yoshiko Kimura have been organizing outdoor activities for children and adults. They want people to discover the culture of the country outside of Tokyo, and they facilitate this through outdoor adventures. Some of the activities of Discover Japan include weekend bicycle tours, community ski/board trips, a children’s ski camp, and the Nanbo Discovery Camp and Summer School (residential summer programs). Nanbo Kokusai Mura is their lodge and seminar house, 200m from the beach in southern Chiba. It is the home for company retreats, children’s scouting trips, sports group’s team building trips, school outdoor education activities, family or club “getaways” and much more. Visit their  website . See what our reviewers say below:
One reviewer says: Discover Japan is out in the Bozo Peninsula (Chiba prefecture). There is more emphasis on marine biology, a bit of “studying” and group meal cooking and so on. It is also an outdoor experience. My daughter went on an overnight school trip to this camp a few weeks ago and she loved it. For more details, visit their website:  http://www.discoverjapan.co.jp/
Another reviewer says: The kids seem to really like David Green! This camp is about kids loving nature.The camp features bilingual counselors, outdoor activities, located in Minami Boso Peninsula Chiba. Aimed at kids into grades 3 through 7, directed by David Green, hiking, snorkeling, collecting specimens, collecting specimens from tide pools, playing on the beach,etc. Campers stay either at the Hakkuso lodge in Tateyama, and/in tents at the beach with cookouts over a campfire.
New International School’s annual summer program is for kids aged 5 – 14. Children of any nationality and from outside of the school are welcome.  A fun educational program is planned incorporating reading, math, science, and music activities. Parents may choose a program conducted only in English, only in Japanese, or a program conducted in English with one Japanese class per day. The final day of each program there will be presentations, performances and a picnic or potluck with the participating families. The school uniform will not be required, but parents will be expected to provide a box lunch and drinks for school.
Northstar Camp has both summer and winter camps that are highly recommended by our members. During summer they have river hikes, mountain bike, rock climbing activities. Winter camps have featured snowboarding at Northstar in Nagano Prefecture in the past. Busing from Tokyo is provided. Says an e-community member: “My daughter has been to the camp several times before (for skiing and snowboarding in the winter, and for hiking in the Alps during the summer), and she has had a great time. She has met other homeschoolers there, as well. The staff includes both Japanese and North American counselors. The cost is 29,800 yen including transportation from Shinjuku; the cost is less for people who get there on their own (about 22,800 yen). Incidentally, at other times Northstar is operated as a lodge. So if the camp doesn’t work out, you could always go as a family, rent a room at the lodge, and go skiing/snowboarding/snowshoeing/etc.” For more info, take a look at the Northstar webpage:  http://www.ridenorthstar.com/whats-cool/camps/ and blog on past camps
OIS in Okinawa’s summer day program places 1st grade through 6th grade kids in multi-aged  beginners or advanced classes, and offer thematic programs. For more details, refer to  their blog .
They have a summer program for kids aged 1 year – 12 years old (Gr 6) – held from July 26, 2010 – Aug 13, 2010:
Session 1 (July 26-30) COOKING LAB
Let’s enjoy and learn science of cooking in English!
Session 2 (Aug 2-6) SPORTS & MUSIC
Let’s harmonize rhythm of the music, songs and sports!
Session 3 (Aug 9-13) THEATER ARTS
Let’s express yourself through drama, musical and arts!
3-839 Yugimachi, Ohme-shi
Phone: 0428-76-0931 Hours: 9am-5 pm Closed: Sundays
Joy Bible Camp is held every year in June. Ages 8 to 14. Summer camps and skiing camps in the scenic Okutama Mountain area, with lovely Tama River just downhill from the camp and Okutama Lake area also nearby. Facilities are also for rent to Christian groups and churches.
Outward Bound Japan school, based in Tokyo, is part of the global  Outward Bound chain of organizations famous for their delivery of outdoor experiential education and leadership camps. OBJ hosts a one-week program for children in March, August and December and occasionally holds weekend “Japanese Language Camps”, designed to teach participants the Japanese language and Japanese culture via outdoor activities. See their philosophy behind their challenging courses. Their diverse adventure programs cater mostly to high school students and college students but are also open to adult nature lovers of varying experience and preferences, including 21-day camping tour in which partici@pants traverse the Japanese archipelago from the Pacific Ocean to the Sea of Japan entirely by foot and mountain bike; a 10 day-trip featuring rock-climbing and stream-climbing (hiking along stream beds) in Nagano Prefecture’s Northern Alps; a five-day trekking trip on Mt Fuji; and various three-day rock climbing and mountain-bike rallies in Kanagawa, and other prefectures. All tours are led by experienced outdoor instructors who have the company’s special training program. Read more at Japan Times’ feature “How to escape the urban grind” here For details of their courses, see their website  Outward Bound Japan for English speakers .   Outward Bound website (for Japanese) .
Right Brain Research Art Center (RBR) Kristin Newton offers activities that allow children and adults to learn how to use the creative power of the right brain hemisphere. RBR has just moved into a fresh, spacious facility in Moto Azabu, and features classes in all sorts of studio arts, as well as calligraphy, etching, jewelry-making, and sculpting. Pace method music instruction, improvisation workshops, and even a Daddy and Me class have been scheduled as past summer activities, many are conducted in both English and Japanese. Location: 1-5-15 Moto Azabu, Minato-ku; Phone: 5484-3719; The RBR facility is right across from the Korean Embassy and a mere 7 minutes from Azabu Juban station.
Sahoro Summer/ Fall Camp Club Med for 1 individual adult/child (3-11 years) 9,899 yen package for 4 days. Camp includes the very popular English immersion camp, the Circus School, as well as nature challenge school, and many hands on activities including bread-making, milking cows, potato picking, fishing, T-shirt designing and making. Dates: Jun 4-Sep 10; Sep 17-Oct 15. Taking advantage of the beauty of Hokkaido’s country landscape, Club Med like all its other facilities elsewhere knows all about organized fun, and offers good value for money in terms of food and accommodation. The only thing is you have to blow your expenses on your airfare to the north country.
http://jfk.special-programs.net/en/
***
Sports Camp Of America (SCOA) SCOA’s aim is to give campers a total American camp experience. SCOA emphasizes team building and each camper will be a member of a team led by one of the American counselors. The teams come up with a team name, team chant and team banner and compete in relays and other fun activities throughout the camp against other teams. Each team also performs a short skit on the last night.Campers have the option each day of playing flag football or cheer dancing with skilled coaches or they can participate in other sports such as soccer or ultimate Frisbee.The campers also participate in other typical American camp activities such as potato sack races, capture the flag, water balloon toss and treasure hunts. On the last night, there is a campfire and the campers make their own S’mores.Camp activities include:
Flag football: Cheer dance; Soccer, ultimate Frisbee, kickball; Swimming (Izu sessions only); Basketball, volleyball (Izu sessions only); Potato sack races; Water balloon toss; Capture the flag; Nature hikes; Treasure hun; Team building; Skits; Campfire and S’mores!
SCOA is the only sports camp in Japan conducted in English with American athletes as camp counselors. The American camp counselors are what make SCOA’s camp special. They are selected through SCOA’s internship program to come to Japan specifically for our summer camp. The senior camp counselors are college students or recent graduates who played sports or cheerleading in high school or college. The junior camp counselors are high school sophomores, juniors or seniors. The ratio of campers-to camp counselors is less than 5-to-1.
This summer’s camp counselors attended UC Berkeley, UC Davis, Louisiana State University and Chico State University.Philosophy:We want to bring international and Japanese students together so they can experience each other’s culture and expand their horizons through the universal language of sports and have a lot of fun while doing it!To see upcoming camp events, see their website for details:   www.scoacamp.com
Tokyo Baptist Church have conducted in the past music day camps for English-speaking, elementary-age children, usually in mid-August. Location: 9-2 Hachiyamacho, Shibuya-ku; tel: 3461-8425
Tokyo YMCA, Wellness Center offers summer camps and ski camps during winter to spring.
7 Kanda Midoshirocho, Chiyoda-ku. Phone: 03-3293-7015
Hours: 10 am – 9 pm Closed: Sundays and public holidays.
USA Summer Camp is the largest language camp in Japan, and it could be the summer of a lifetime for you. Every year, Guy Healy, an education consulting and exchange agency based in Japan, invites over 120 Amercian students and graduates to be American Counselors (ACs), who are more like coaches than teachers. In return, ACs work at usually 9 camp sessions of 3 days each and get to be with a local host family on days off. See their camp news here . Contact Guy Healy via the website if you want to be an AC.
During off f time, ACs usually stay with host families – the best way to get to know the Japanese culture.
UNESCO International Children’s Camp is held every summer. Children ages 10 to 15 of different nationalities gather in the nature.
This two-week Tokyo-based camp consists of discussion groups, classes and visits to companies that define the Japan film industry. Through these activities, the young Japanese and American actors will share their most common passion: acting.
***
Full-day camps are usually offered by a great many international schools, there are just too many to list them all here. Check it out with the international school nearest to your home – try our very comprehensive list of international schools for info to begin with. Some of those that have offered camps in the past include:
ABC International School in Moto-Azabu has an annual summer school program. It has expanded its program to an Extended Day Enrichment Program for children aged 15 months to 6 years.  Email  abcintl@gol.com .
The American School in Japan has offered outstanding theme-based programs designed for native speakers, as well as several ESL-based camps in the past. Phone: 0422-34-5300 or access their website:   English summer camps for Japanese children or  camps for fluent English speaking children .
Grace International Learning Center runs summer camps for aged 3-8 kids. Location: 2-13-11 Seta, Setagaya-ku; Phone: 5716-3100. Website: http://www.grace-learning.com
Global Kids Academy (GKA) has run in the past full-day camps with two summer sessions for school-age kids. Founded by alumni of Nishimachi International School and ASIJ, GKA痴 strength is in dual language immersion education. Location: Townhouse Moto Azabu, 1-5-24 Moto Azabu, Minato-ku; tel. 5447-1913; Website: http://www.globalkidsacademy.com They have featured in the past creative and challenging field trips, neighborhood scavenger hunts, recorded music CDs with famous singers; trips to Kasai Sea Life Park, and tea ceremonies.
International School of Asia’s Karuizawa Summer Camp (currently held on July 19-July 30, 2010)
4-9-34-404 Minamiazabu, Minato-ku, Tokyo, 106-0047 JAPAN / Website: http://isak.jp/isak/english/ / Email: info@isak.jp Phone: 0800-600-9758 (Free-dial number for summer program applicants – valid from March 25, 2010 thru July 31, 2010). For current camp brochure, download  this document
International Secondary School has held short summer camps (4-days) for students from grade 6-12 at Lake Shirakabako – a mountain resort three hours from Tokyo. Students took part in outdoor activities including horse riding, hiking, fishing and cycling. They also experienced life in a rural farmyard setting: milking cows, making butter, picking and planting vegetables, and preparing outdoor meals. They also visited local attractions including Lake Suwa geyser and the Suwa Shrine. Phone: 03-5730-1331 or email iss@isstokyo.com Their website is at URL: http://www.isstokyo.com .
J’s International School targets tots from 2.5 to 6, and their camps focus on various language-related activities, including conversation, reading, writing, cultural traditions, and games. The Summer Fun Program runs in early August, half-day camps featuring crafts, weekly themes. Location: 1-16-2 Minami-Azabu, Minato-ku; Phone: 03-3452-2078; Website: http://www.js-international-school.com
Joy to the World American International School operates a four-week summer program that allows children (aged 2 years to 4th graders) not enrolled in international schools to experience an international school atmosphere. Choose from half-day to full day programs. For their 2010 Summer Safari program in English that includes crafts, games, songs, outdoor water activities, see their 2010 summer program flyer
Kobe Bilingual School ‘s summer program – message from Janina Ueda Tubby, owner and director of KOBILS:
“We have a summer school in August in Kobe in which the kids ONLY speak English both at playtime and in organized events, yet we are not an international school. For summer school, we only accept kids who can operate in an English only environment. In practice that means some international kids and some returnees and some of our own homegrown students, typically but not always, who have graduated from our or another “international preschool” ; there are also some EFL kids who attend summer school who generally have good listening skills but are a lot quieter than they would be in Japanese!  It’s hugely fun and educational too! We don’t have accommodation but some students have expressed an interest in hosting kids, so it may be possible to stay.
When: July 26-August 8/9. Ages 4-13. Theme: Africa. The last night is a sleepover at school for shougakko and over.
Details of the summer school 2010 program are not up on our website yet but will be in two weeks [so watch the  summer school page for an update]
Leonardo Da Vinci Academy’s summer school in Uesu, Okinawa -their summer program is run by a small friendly school with multinational children operated by a foreign couple.
Komazawa Park International Preschool/Kindergarten offers summer school for children ages 3 onwards from July too August. Phone / Fax: 03-5707-0979 Email : Located in Setagaya-ku.
St. Mary’s International School (summer camps are now co-ed, feature a full-range of studies with activities such as swimming, baseball, drama, karate, science, as well as crafts and games. Directed by Mike Dimuzio. Location: 1-6-19 Seta, Setagaya-ku. Phone: 3709 3411 see write-up of  Izu Oshima above
Mitsui Gardens International Preschool’s Summer Camp Adventure features weekly fieldtrips, swimming, drama events, an outdoor BBQ party, and young camp counselors from the states. You can pick and choose from any of the nine weeks the program runs, but some weeks fill quickly and US Embassy kids are given priority with non US Embassy kids filling up remaining quota. Open to ages 3 to 12. Location: 2-1-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku; phone: 3224-6796 The U.S. Embassy Housing Compound, through EWA Children’s Garden.
PAL International School in Azabu organizes a multicultural summer intensive program. 2010 summer’s program will run for 8 weeks from June 21st  (except July 12–16 July). Full- or half-day sessions are available to children aged 12 months and upward. Hot lunches are provided three times per week. Contact the school here .
Seta International School offers different summer programs for Japanese kids as well as international school kids. See this page for 2010 summer camps .
Treehouse Montessori School in Yokohama has been running its summer school program for ten years. Excerpted from Japan School News : “Running for eight weeks from June 28th until August 20th, the summer program is divided into four themed sessions, each lasting two weeks, and can accommodate 20 children. Head of School Jenny Vyvial says, “The highlight of our summer school is when we set up a huge pool in our backyard where children can splash and have great fun playing in the water.” ” For enquiries, email the school .
For a listing of recommended summer programs and camps held overseas, see this page “ Summer schools and camps abroad “
Japanese language summer and camp programs
KEEP camp in Yamanashi lets kids milk cows and hike and more. Says one of our e-community members: “I sent my kids twice on their own. The camp did make attempts to separate groups and siblings (to avoid bullying), to be fair, and the leaders were well-trained. For more info see their website:  http://www.keep.or.jp/indexe.html
