RSS
Camping with Your Kids
Camping with children can bring you back to the simplicity of nature. It increases your awareness of your surroundings and can refresh your appreciation  for the many things that so often go unnoticed. Many things are learned and experienced for the first time during each day in the life of a child. Patience is almost unavoidable. It is so important to take the time to enjoy the journey of these new experiences with your child. In nature there are so many amazing things to discover. Camping can be a wonderful adventure. Just think – the birds and animals, the plants and trees, the rocks, the streams and ponds, the insects, the sounds, the weather, the wildflowers, and the many activities that can provide so much excitement. The possibilities are endless! By planning successful, enjoyable camping trips when your children are young, you will set them on the path to a lifetime of outdoor adventures.
**Get the kids interested in the trip by getting them involved. Build their excitement and anticipation.
Plan the camping trip together
Decide on places to go – consider interests, outdoor experience and children’s ages.
Pick activities to do
Plan and shop for your meals
Prepare and pack the equipment and supplies
Try a backyard campout before you go for the first time
Teach the kids how to set up a tent
Try some outdoor cooking
Experience a night outdoors in sleeping bags
Show them how to use some camping equipment
Plan a few activities
Search the sky for constellations
Listen to the many night sounds
Don’t forget the special nighttime snacks
Try to experience outdoor activities with your kids
Get them familiar with the outdoors in order to eliminate their fears
Teach them about safety and to respect nature
Teach outdoor skills and outdoor ethics
Camp chores are actually fun for kids. They love collecting firewood, filling water containers, hammering in tent stacks, camp cooking etc.
Make the camp chores extra fun – have contests for gathering the most kindling, best camp cooking, most organized gear
Take a small day hike in the woods at a local park
Visit a nature center
Go fishing at a local pond or stream
Take an evening walk
