by Melanie Renzulli ( RSS feed ) on Jun 10th 2012 at 5:00PM
LEGOs – show me a man, woman or child who doesn't love these little plastic building bricks and I'll show you three exhibitions that will impress them to pieces this summer.
National Building Museum, Washington, DC
Through September 3, 2012
The LEGO exhibit "Towering Ambition" has been wowing visitors to Washington, DC's National Building Museum since 2010. On display is the LEGO artistry of Adam Reed Tucker, one of only 11 LEGO® certified professionals in the world, who re-created 15 of the world's most famous buildings and monuments out of toy bricks. See scale models of the Empire State Building , Gateway Arch and Dubai's Burj Khalifa , also known (for the time being) as the tallest building in the world. For the final months of this exhibition, three DC-area design companies have contributed equally intriguing LEGO builds of other iconic landmarks which collectively total more than 75,000 bricks.
Reiman Gardens, Ames, Iowa
Through October 28, 2012
Beautiful Reiman Gardens, the largest public gardens in Iowa located at Iowa State University in Ames, invited Sean Kenney, another LEGO-certified artist, to create 27 nature-inspired sculptures arranged in 14 displays. A hummingbird sipping nectar from a flower, a bumblebee, a monarch butterfly, fox, a moth orchid, and a bison with a calf are just a few of the incredible LEGO builds throughout the grounds. The sculptures range from six inches tall to eight feet tall and approximately 500,000 bricks were used in the exhibition.
Art and Culture Center of Hollywood, Florida
Through August 19, 2012
Sculptures ranging from lovers embraced in a kiss to Mount Rushmore make up this eclectic exhibition in Hollywood, Florida , featuring the works of master LEGO builder Nathan Sawaya. Many of Sawaya's past works, such as his LEGO replica of the flag raising at Iwo Jima , have earned him permanent exhibition space at museums around the world. So this show of mostly new works will be worth checking out.
Of course, in addition to these three exhibits, LEGO enthusiasts can visit several official LEGO venues throughout the United States. There are now LEGOLAND theme parks in Florida and California as well as four LEGOLAND Discovery Centers in the U.S. (and four more worldwide).
[Photos: National Building Museum; Flickr user McLeod ; Art and Culture Center of Hollywood]
