Visit Camp Shane's Weight Loss Blog
Get connected to our FaceBook and YouTube pages
Weight loss camps feature weight loss programs & teens  weight loss tips for overweight children
For overweight children, weight loss camps & weight loss programs offer great benefit. Camp Shane summer weight loss camp features nutrition education, weight loss tips, dieting information, fitness programs, exercise, weight loss, self-esteem building, exciting activities, great fun and friendships. Camp Shane is the oldest of the weight loss camps. It's a summer weight loss camp where overweight children and teens are happy to be.
Located in the magnificent Catskill Mountains in New York State. Camp Shane being one of the best-known weight loss camps, is owned and directed by the Ettenberg family & Simon Greenwood. Run exactly as a traditional camp, without unduly focusing on teenage weight loss as a problem. Camp Shane is warm, friendly and family run since 1968 for overweight children and teens of all ages. Our homelike atmosphere is devoted entirely to children and teen weight loss .
Although our ultimate goal is for all our campers to lose weight and body fat, Camp Shane is not a fat camp, Boot Camp or a teen diet camp. Our focus is the long term, safe, sustainable weight loss for teens, kids and young adults. We are here to change the negative stereo types associated with fat camps, Boot Camps and diet camps.
Read more about why Camp Shane is not a fat camp ...
Our meals are portioned controlled, nutritious and great tasting. We teach classes in nutrition, dieting and cooking. The diet is easy to maintain after camp. We talk about what it's like to be an overweight child or overweight teen. We discuss how, after camp, to continue weight loss, maintain physical fitness, evaluate various diets, dieting options, weight loss programs, monthly news letters with exercise, weight loss tips and low calorie menu options. We give campers a list of Nutritionists and Registered Dieticians, certified by the American Dietetic Association, who we work with to assist campers after camp.
We include diet plans, diet counseling, diet programs, weight loss tips, personal fitness, healthy living, diet foods, meal planning, weight control, weight management, weight maintenance, fat free, light cooking, low calorie meals, low calorie cooking, low calorie diets, diet recipes, diet tips, menu planning, balanced living, diet support, diet information.
