Vermont Campus: Age Groups 13-16 & 16-18
High School Dancers: Earn College Credit for our Three-Week Dance Intensives
OVERVIEW
SOCAPA's Summer Dance Program is a Contemporary Jazz and Hip-Hop intensive that also features specialty classes in Breakdancing, African and Musical Theater.  Classes are geared towards learning cutting-edge choreography at a professional pace and preparing routines to be featured in live theater performances and in dance videos shot by SOCAPA instructors.  This provides students in our Dance Program with a video portfolio featuring a number of their performances in a variety of projects.
CURRICULUM / LEVELS
SOCAPA’s Dance Program is divided into Intermediate and Advanced levels (enrollment permitting), with an additional Step One level offered in New York City.  There will be a placement and assessment class on the first day of the Program that will include a warm up, across-the-floor progressions focusing on technique, and short combinations performed in small groups. Students will be evaluated by the SOCAPA Dance faculty and assigned to a level based on skill, performance, enrollment, and the student's preferred focus (Jazz, Hip-Hop, etc.). While all classes are taught at their respective level, instructors work hard to cater to each student's individual needs. There are no auditions required prior to arrival at SOCAPA. 
Step One Dance Program
The Step One level is only offered at our New York City campus and is designed for dancers with less than three years of formal training who are primarily interested in Hip-Hop.  At least one year of dance experience is required, and students should expect a challenging intensive that will also include some Jazz technique fundamentals.
Intermediate Dance Program
The Intermediate level has been designed for dancers with a minimum of three years of consistent training.  Students should have experience in a variety of disciplines, be familiar with basic dance terminology, and be comfortable with a single pirouette.
Advanced Dance Program
The Advanced level is intended for more experienced dancers with a minimum of five years of consistent dance technique, including ballet.  Students in this Program should be well versed in dance terminology and should be proficient in turns and leaps (e.g. pirouettes, chaines, fouettes, jetes, etc.).  Dancers at this level will focus more on strengthening and expanding their Jazz and Contemporary skills but will also be exposed to the aforementioned disciplines.
