maryland parks
Maryland offers a wide variety of attractions and things to do with its landscape extending from the seashore (Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean) to the mountains (the Appalachians) to urban areas (Baltimore and the DC suburbs). In one day you can enjoy wonderful scenery and outdoor activities as well as visit museums, historic sites and cultural events. Here's a guide to the top attractions in Maryland.
1. Eastern Shore
© Getty Images
The "Eastern Shore", the eastern side of the Chesapeake Bay, is Maryland's most popular attraction. The region is characterized by historic towns, beaches and beautiful natural areas that draw a crowd during the summer months. Visit Chestertown, St. Michaels, Cambridge, Ocean City or Assateague Island.
2. Baltimore Inner Harbor
© Laureen Brunelli
Baltimore is a fun place to spend the day - walk along the docks, shop, eat and watch people. Top attractions include the National Aquarium, Camden Yards, Port Discovery, Baltimore's Historic Ships, Maryland Science Center and Pier Six Pavilion.
3. Annapolis City Dock
© Annapolis & Anne Arundel County Conference & Visitors Bureau
Enjoy shopping, dining and the beautiful scenery of the state capital of Maryland and the sailing capital of America. Take a sightseeing cruise or walking tour and learn about the history of this beautiful seaport. Annapolis is the home of the United States Naval Academy and St. John's College, the third oldest institution of higher education in the United States.
4. C & O Canal National Historic Park
© Rachel Cooper, licensed to About.com, Inc.
The Chesapeake & Ohio Canal (C & O Canal) is a national historic park that dates back to the 18th and 19th centuries. The 184.5-mile towpath extends from Georgetown in Washington, DC to Cumberland, Maryland. Walking or bicycling along the towpath, you can view original structures including locks, lockhouses and aqueducts.
5. Deep Creek Lake
© Deep Creek Lake
Mountains, rivers and lakes offer a wide selection of activities from active outdoor adventures to just plain relaxing. Enjoy hiking, bicycling, picnicking, boating, fishing, camping, swimming, and horseback riding in warmer weather and skiing, snowboarding, snowtubing, snowshoeing, and snowmobiling during the winter months.
6. Maryland Live Casino
© Rachel Cooper, licensed to About.com, Inc.
Located halfway between Baltimore and Washington DC, the casino features Las Vegas-style slot machines and electronic table games, including Blackjack, Roulette, Mini-Baccarat, and Pai Gow Poker. The $500 million gaming destination offers a variety of dining options and live entertainment.
7. Six Flags America
© Capital Region USA
Six Flags America features more than 100 rides, shows and the area's largest water park. The amusement park is a big attraction for kids of all ages with 8 roller coasters with names like Wild One, Joker’s Jinx and Superman Ride of Steel. The Batman stunt show is entertaining for all and younger kids enjoy the Looney Tunes Movie Town, where they can meet Bugs Bunny. The park is open April through October.
8. Strathmore Music Center
© Rachel Cooper, licensed to About.com, Inc.
The 2,000 seat state-of-the-art concert hall, brings world-class performances and arts education to Montgomery County, Maryland. Strathmore holds performances by major national artists including folk, blues, pop, jazz, show tunes, and classical music. Concerts and children's performances are held outdoors on the lawn during the summer months.
9. Brookside Gardens
© Rachel Cooper, licensed to About.com, Inc.
The 50-acre award winning garden includes an aquatic garden, azalea garden, butterfly garden, rose garden, children's garden, formal garden, fragrance garden, Japanese style garden and trial garden. Brookside Gardens offers a variety of educational programs for adults and children.
10. National Harbor
© Rachel Cooper, licensed to About.com, Inc.
The 300-acre waterfront destination along the Potomac River is a $2.1 billion mixed-use community in Prince George's County, Maryland that includes hotels, restaurants, retail stores, condominiums, a full-service marina, a convention center, and commercial office space. The marina launches cruises along the Potomac River and plans are underway to build the National Children's Museum on this site.
See more Maryland attractions on page 2.
Previous
