Website
By Killeen Gonzalez | Yahoo! Contributor Network –  Mon, May 14, 2012 1:16 PM EDT
Are you tired of the same old summer camping options? Maybe you're burnt out on commercial campsites, wilderness areas and boondocking in parking lots. If so, I can help. I happen to know of a few summer camping opportunities that are anything but ordinary. Each one affords campers a chance to stay in a unique environment and participate in activities not readily found at most seasonal campgrounds. Those that want to skip the activities and just relax are welcome to do that too. Here's a quick rundown on some of the most offbeat camping facilities that I know of:
Enota Mountain Retreat
The Enota Mountain Retreat is located in Hiawassee, Georgia. It is a 10 acre, certified organic, biodynamic facility that allows campers to help with farming and gardening tasks. There are three different camping areas to choose from. Many of the sites are shaded and include a picnic table, a fire ring and a grill. Pets are welcome too. Prices for RV and tent sites generally range from $20 to $34 a night.
Earth and Sea Salt Farm
The Earth and Sea Salt Farm is located in Summerland, Florida. It is an artisanal salt farm and campers are allowed to assist with salt harvesting and gardening tasks. From my perspective, it is a wonderful opportunity to learn about the salt industry as a whole. The farm's salts are used in cooking as well as the making of spa and bath products. RV and tent site rates typically start out at $55 per night.
Ridge to Reef Farm
The Ridge to Reef Farm is located within the rainforest of the U.S. Virgin Islands. It is a completely solar powered facility and campers may assist with the harvesting of assorted fruits and vegetables. They can also explore the rainforest. Programs on organic permaculture farming and developing primitive survival skills are also available. Nightly tent site rates usually start at $35 a night.
Buccaneer Garden Camping Hostel
The Buccaneer Garden Camping Hostel is located in Kurtistown, Hawaii. While there, campers are given an opportunity to learn about growing palm trees and raising tilapia. Campsite rates typically start at $15 per person and there is a work camper program available.
A Day at the Farm
A Day at the Farm is located in Cove City, North Carolina. For a modest $5 per person fee, campers may sleep in a hay loft located within the farm's old barn. Visitors are also allowed to interact with the farm animals, tour the farm and learn about making butter.
Killeen Gonzalez enjoys summer sports and recreation with her family. She has also traveled extensively.
More from this contributor:
