rss
What do these camps offer that others don't? The short answer is beautiful locations and top-notch facilities. Camp purists point to the Maine camps as the most traditional, sought-after experiences, mostly because of Maine's abundant wilderness and pristine lakes and beaches, but there are equally expensive camps in the Adirondacks, New Hampshire and Pennsylvania.
In Pictures: America's Priciest Summer Camps
The steep price tags reflect the constant updating and refurbishing these elite camps do. Last year, Laurel South near Portland, Maine, which operates two four-week sessions, plunked down $1 million to renovate its kitchen and dining hall. Its related Camp Laurel in Readfield, Maine, maintains fleets of sailboats and ski boats and has a brand new outdoor roller hockey arena, outfitted with NHL-quality dasher boards brought in from Minnesota. "We are sensitive to the needs of our clients," says Keith Klein, a co-owner of the Laurel camps.
Camp Vega, a girls-only camp in Echo Lake, Maine, has a 4,000-square-foot air-conditioned health center, ski jumps on the lake, a 37-station ropes course, an equestrian center where campers can board their own horses for the summer, and a USTA tennis ranking program for elite junior players. Raquette Lake Camp in the Adirondacks has a 4-star tennis program coached by Davis Cup team players and also allows campers to board horses for the summer--for a fee on top of the camp's $10,750 tuition.
Most of these camps are family owned and run and have been for decades. The families don't see what they offer as outrageous luxuries, explaining that the steep fees are a product of not only the constant capital expenditures but also the fact that the facilities sit unused most of the year. "We don't have our head in the sand," says Jeff Konigsberg, owner of Tripp Lake Camp for girls and Camp Takajo for boys, both in Maine, which cost $10,400 for the summer.
Read All Comments
What do kids get for their parents' money? Camp is "not just a vacation," says Konigsberg. In addition to the sports, crafts and hiking, "we're teaching life skills, cooperation, teamwork."
One other plus: Electronic devices like cellphones, BlackBerrys and laptops are banned for the most part at camp, forcing kids to interact with each other in the real world, and learn to be independent from mom and dad. Contact with home is often severely restricted beyond a visiting weekend, which is typically halfway through the summer.
"There are lots of activities they might not have at home," says Patti Roberts, the so-called "Camp Lady," who helps families pick camps. "But the big benefit is kids learn how to figure out stuff for themselves."
