Techcamps
Its summer time and kids are looking forward for their new activities.
There are lots of summer camps which proves to be the best source of learning during their vacation. ID Tech Camps is one such place where your kids can learn variety of courses and develop their skills.
ChoiceCamps
http://www.choicecamps.com
ChoiceCamps.com is a Boston based internet startup which launched February 2009.
Similar to Travelocity.com or Expedia.com, ChoiceCamps.com will provide unique lead generation and marketing services for academic programs, travel/sports programs and summer camps.
4 Star Camps (USA)
American Studies Programs for Foreign Students - Youth summer camp at the University of Virginia, USA, offering American Studies programs, academic enrichment, tennis and golf camps.
Summer Camp Worldwide
A guide to working at summer camps, Camp America, CCUSA jobs, BUNAC jobs, summer camp jobs USA, summer camp jobs in Europe & worldwide.
Sports Camps Directorys
http://www.sports-camps.us/
Sports Camps Directory Listings
For USA sports camps, summer camps, Day Camps register for Premium Sports Camp Directory offers sports camps a custom web page for their camp that includes an image gallery, detailed information about the camp, directors, staff, pricing, schedules and so much more.
California Adventure Christian summer camps
Christian adventure camps in California for church youth groups. Rock-N-Water helps people grow closer to God through whitewater rafting, rock climbing, backpacking, and living history programs.
American English Studies International ESL Summer Camps
American English Studies International ESL Summer Camps
AES in the Lehigh Valley, PA USA operated English summer camps for international youths, ages 11-17.
goCamps
Find the right summer camp now! goCamps, the online edition of Frost's Summer Camp Guide, features traditional and specialty day and overnight camps
SportsKids camps For Kids, Teens, youth.
SportsKids offers free and premium Directory Listing for Sports Camps- Focused on basketball, baseball, football, ice hockey, tennis, soccer, swimming for kids.
SoarNC ADHD Summer Camp (USA)
SoarNC ADHD Summer Camp (USA)
Providing fun and challenging environments for kids with learning disabilities.
Digital Media Academy: The Summer Computer Camp for Teens
The Digital Media Academy offers weeklong day and overnight camps for teens at Stanford University, UT Austin, San Diego and more.
All courses are Stanford University accredited, project based, and taught by industry experts and award-winning instructors.
Courses include game creation, video production, 3D animation, Web design, digital photography and more!
Allens Guide to USA Summer Camps
Allens Guide to USA Summer Camps
Chinese Language Summer Camp in CA USA
http://www.newconcept.com/English/index.html
Chinese Language Summer Camp in CA USA
Indoor and outdoor activities, Chinese, Pin-yin, traditional Chinese dance, swimming, go, art, rapid calculation, music, speech, poem, sports, etc.
KidsCamps
http://www.kidscamps.com/
Online since 1995, KidsCamps.com is the Internet's most comprehensive resource guide and directory of day camps, overnight camps, special needs camps, sport camps, special interest camps, art camps, family camps, camps for rent/lease, and more! Let CampersMall.com help you outfit your summer camper! Looking for a summer job? Visit CampJobs.com, the online source for summer staff opportunities. KidsCamps.com is a Business Partner of the American Camping Association.
Camps | sports | academic | self improvement | special needs | leadership | art | arts |
Studyglobal California
StudyGlobal offers English Language Programs at its school in San Diego, California. Join a full immersion program, Course, Accommodation and Activites.
Summer Camps Links at HighIndex
Summer Camps Links at HighIndex
Summer Camps and Day Camps (US)
Camps | summer | US | Europe | Canada |
Summer Camps and Speciality Camps (US)
Find the right summer camp for your kid(s) with the help of the About.com guides. Begin your search in the categories below. Each has feature articles and links for summer camps, day camps, and specialty camps, from various About.com guides
USA | US | Camps | courses |
http://www.campamerica.co.uk/
Ten thousand young people from all over the globe travelled with us to work on American Summer camps last year.
We'll give you the opportunity to challenge yourself, make new friends, develop your skills and explore a new continent.
summer | camps | USA | US | visits | overseas |
use this box to search more on Shambles or on the Web : (powered by Google) : safe filtering is ON
 
