Places to Vacation in April
Even in a slow year, more than 34.4 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles from home over Labor Day weekend alone. Orlando and Las Vegas have topped the list of most-visited summer destinations for eight consecutive years, according to a survey by the American Society of Travel Agents. Europe still remains a crowd-pleaser, they add, with London, Rome and Paris topping the list.
Travel With Kids: Orlando
In 2010, 24.5 percent of all summer travelers visited Orlando, according to the American Society of Travel Agents, or ASTA. Travel&Leisure Magazine named Orlando the number one destination for families, according to the magazine's annual survey. Disney World, Sea World, Universal Studios and The Wizarding World of Harry Potter provide attractions for parents and children of all ages. All-inclusive package deals offered by the amusement parks make for stress-free summer vacation planning. For adults, the New York Times recommends seeing a different side of Orlando. Golf at Arnold Palmer's Bay Hill Golf Course, which is showcased each year on the spring PGA tour. Receive a relaxing massage at the 24,000-square-foot Waldorf Astoria Spa by Guerlain or visit the Orlando Museum of Art to see works by contemporary artists Chuck Close and Frank Moore. Paddleboat or walk the trails around Lake Eola. Dine at Orlando's many ethnic eateries like Anmol Indian Restaurant, Athena Cafe, Aladdin's Cafe, Thai House or Texas de Brazil Churrascaria.
Travel With Spouse: Tuscany
In 2010, 9.4 percent of all summer American travelers went to Italy, according to ASTA. The weather in many parts of Europe can be cold and rainy at other times of the year; summer temperatures average from 64 to 84 degrees Fahrenheit, although tours that include walking or biking should be scheduled for June when humidity is lower. Take a leisurely stroll through Le Piagge in Pisa, a quiet riverside park, or visit the Abbey of San Galgano, which is said to have inspired the Arthurian legend of the sword and the stone. The summer months are ideal for romantic al fresco dining at places like La Cantinetta di Rignana or Trattoria Al Vecchio Forno. Sip on a glass of deep red Brunello di Montalcino, Tuscany's signature wine. Frommers recommends walking through Volterra, Tuscany's most well-preserved ruin, which boasts an amazing view from its rocky cliffs. "Lush, vineyard-filled Tuscany and the scenic Amalfi Coast are meant for summertime -- and for couples," Century Travel President Peter Lloyd tells Travel&Leisure Magazine in its July 2010 article, "Most Romantic Summer Destinations." He adds, "It’s the place to live la dolce vita.”
Travel With Friends: Las Vegas
Las Vegas has always been a summer vacation spot for US residents. Even though the average temperature is a scorching 89 degrees Fahrenheit on the average summer day, low airfare and hotel prices, along with the entertainment value continue to draw 16.3 percent of all summer travelers, according to the American Society of Travel Agents. The Christian Science Monitor states that the cost of the average hotel room in Las Vegas was $104 a night in 2010, compared to the national average of $144 for other commonly visited destinations. "Sin City" Vegas is the perfect place to snag a posh hotel room for less and party all night with your friends, says Travel&Leisure Magazine. Plan your vacation around events like the World Series of Poker tournament, CineVegas film fest, international truck show, Independence Day fireworks, Boulder City Damboree, Newport Pacific Jazz Festival and the Las Vegas Harvest Festival. Instead of hiking Red Rock Canyon in the heat, spend time in the resorts' pools with a cold drink.
References
