Things to do in the Midwest
Wondering where to go in Michigan this summer?
If so, you’ll be glad to know that there are loads of fun places to go in Michigan and inexpensive things you can do in the state without breaking the bank. Here it’s my short-list of favorite places in Michigan:
Detroit
Detroit is without a doubt, one of the most popular places to go in Michigan in the summer. There are plenty of live events and lots to see and do such as visiting the Detroit Science Center, Motown Museum, and the Max M. Fisher Music Center.
Things to do in Detroit
As far as summer events go, Detroit is home to the Michigan State Fair (August 15th) which is a cool festival where you can enjoy traditional fair rides, live entertainment and animal exhibits.
There is also the Detroit RiverFront Festival on June 23rd which takes place just west of the GM Renaissance Center. This event is definitely worth attending with kids as it’s one of the most fun summer events in Michigan. You can tour the docked schooners, watch jet-ski and plane demonstrations and enjoy plenty of live music.
Stony Creek Metropark
If you want to enjoy nature hikes not far from Detroit, the Stony Creek Metropark is another of the places to go in Michigan in the summer.
Stony Creek Metropark boasts nice hills and paved paths great for walking and rollerblading. There are also grassy areas for picnicking, and a lovely beach area where you can enjoy swimming and kayaking.
Dearborn
Dearborn is another of the places to go in Michigan in the summer as it is home to the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village.
Interesting places to visit in Michigan
You’ll love spending time at the Henry Ford Museum as there are lots to see and do for the entire family such viewing the presidential cars and other educational exhibits such as Rosa Park Bus and the Allegheny Steam Locomotive, which is one of the largest steam locomotives in the world.
At the Greenfield Village you can explore historic building such as the home of Noah Webster and the lab of Thomas Edison, as well as enjoying a ride on a horse-drawn carriage, the steam locomotive, and Ford’s model AA bus.
Michigan's Adventure
If you love fun parks Michigan's Adventure is definitely one of the places to go in Michigan in the summer for a fun day out.
Top 10 Theme Parks in the USA
Michigan's Adventure is located in Muskegon (see. places to visit in Muskegon MI ) and boasts dozens of thrill rides, as well as an outdoor water park, wooden coasters, go karts, and kid’s rides such as a carousel and a fun steam train.
Boyne City
Boyne City has to be another of favorite spot in Michigan for a fun family outdoors vacation. Boyne City is small town but it truly offers an opportunity for a relaxing vacation without the huge crowds other areas of Michigan draw.
You can enjoy camping in nearby Young State Park or Whiting Park, as well as a ton of water activities on Lake Charlevoix such as jet-ski and swimming. You can also hire a family pontoon for the day and enjoy boating at your leisure.
Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore
Sleeping Bear Dunes isn’t just one of the best beaches on Lake Michigan but also one of the most popular places to go in Michigan in the summer.
There are lots you can do in Sleeping Bear Dunes such as climbing and rolling down the tall sand dunes, fun buggy rides, picnicking and camping in either Platte River Campground or  D.H. Day Campground.
Fremont
The town of Fremont is another of my favorite places to go in Michigan in the summer as it’s home to the National Baby Food Festival on July 20th.
Fremont’s National Baby Food Festival has to be one of the most fun festivals in the state as there are lots to of cool events and fun activities for the whole family to join such as the fun Bed Race, the family spa day and live demonstrations.
Marquette
The town of Marquette is located in the Upper Peninsula, and it’s without a doubt one of the top places to go in Michigan in the summer. (see. places to visit in Marquette )
Things to do in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula
There are many great attractions, outdoor concerts and events happening in Marquette throughout the summer months such as the Marquette County Fair, the Upper Peninsula Children's Museum and the DeVos Art Museum, as well as figure skating and ice hockey competitions in Lakeview Arena.
