Tweet
Ten Best Family Camping Trips for Summer Fun
Summer time, when the kids are out of school, the weather is beautiful and everyone just want to be playing in the sun is a great time to plan a camping trip of a lifetime. Throughout the United States there are places with untamed beauty, natural wonders and more. Camping is a great way to enjoy quality time with the whole family, explore places you have never been and really enjoy the outdoors. You can use the great reservation system at camping.com to find nearby campgrounds that are prefect for enjoying summer camping in these iconic destinations. Here are a few must see camping destinations you will want to be sure to enjoy with the family.
The Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona
One of the most amazing natural wonders you may ever see, the Grand Canyon is a true must-see family summer camping destination. During the summer months both the South and North Rim are open. The South Rim is busier, but the lodges and other sights along this side are worth the time to explore. The North Rim is much more rural, and offers some great backcountry options. You can enjoy hiking, Mule trips, scenic drives, and for those that planned well in advance rafting trips on the Colorado River through the inspiring vistas of the Grand Canyon.Throughout the region surrounding the Grand Canyon National Park there are campgrounds aplenty offering access to some great outdoor experiences.
Yosemite National Park, California
Another one of the amazing places preserved by the National Park Service, Yosemite National Park is one of California's beautiful camping destinations. Families that especially enjoy rock climbing will not want to miss the chance to enjoy camping and Yosemite during the summer. This park and surrounding region are filled with stunning sights including giant sequoias, rock formations, waterfalls, Hetch Hetchy and much more. Other recreational opportunities at Yosemite include hiking, backpacking, biking and more.
 
Crater Lake National Park, Oregon
Crater Lake is one of the most unique areas in the country. The lake is one of the deepest in the world and it has the most stunning blue color to the water. It is certainly a lake that everyone should take the opportunity to visit. The summer window is very brief, lasting only from July to October, the remainder of the year the park is covered in snow. During the short summer you can enjoy the Rim Drive, hiking, camping, fishing, swimming in the lake and even taking a boat tour of the lake. The region of Oregon around the park is also filled with beautiful sights and camping options.
Acadia National Park, Maine
This coastal Maine park is one of the stunning natural wonders on the east coast. Throughout this fascinating park there are all sorts of recreational activities to enjoy and wonderful natural features to enjoy. Campers can drive the Park Loop Road to see a good portion of the park. Cadillac Mountain is a good spot to enjoy some hiking. Throughout the coastal region of Maine there are many beautiful parks, beaches and more to see and enjoy while on a summer camping trip. Recreational opportunities can be found in abundance at Acadia National Park and the rest of coastal Maine.
Zion National Park, Utah
Zion National Park is just one of the great camping destinations to be found in Utah. Utah has many fascinating State and National Parks as well as recreation areas and more to explore. Zion's canyons and beautiful features are one of the sights not to be missed during a summer family camping trip to Utah. This park is great for hiking, biking, backcountry adventures and more. You can also take the Zion Shuttle or take car tours through certain portions of the park. Families camping near Zion National Park can also enjoy the many species of birds while exploring the nature trails.
Mount Rainier National Park, Washington
One of the most stunning and iconic images of Washington State, Mount Rainier is an amazing summer destination. Campers will find many beautiful places to enjoy within and around Mount Rainier National Park. Although the park is covered in snow for much of the year, the summer months are particularly beautiful with wildflowers blooming, fascinating wildlife, backcountry recreation and more. Mount Rainier also offers a great view into the past through the lodges and other historic buildings around the park.
Glacier National Park, Montana
Glacier National Park is a gateway to the wild beauty of western Montana. Families camping in Montana will find an abundance of campgrounds, lakes, rivers, forests and more to explore whether in or out of Glacier National Park. Glacier, preserves some of the beautiful wilderness of Montana and is a good starting point for campers looking for adventure. Throughout the park there are opportunities for hiking, biking, backpacking and boating among other things. Beyond the trails and recreation, Glacier National Park also has beautiful park lodges, with a fascinating history.
Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado
Colorado's Rocky Mountain National Park is a stunning introduction into the beautiful Rocky Mountains. During the summer months, when the weather is at its best, the Rocky Mountain National Park really allows visitors to Colorado to experience all of the nature and wildlife of the Rocky Mountains. The park has an amazing array of trails that take hikers into the backcountry of the Rocky Mountains. Campers should be sure to look out for elk, bighorn sheep and many other species of wildlife.
Everglades National Park, Florida
The Everglades are one of the United State's true treasures and camping in Florida is a wonderful way to enjoy the beauty of the sun and beaches of the southeast. Everglades National Park covers over 1.5 million acres, making it the largest park in the lower 48 states, and it preserves some of the most unique environments in Florida and the United States. You can enjoy hiking, fishing, canoe and kayaking, boating and much more. Features to be sure not to miss include the Shark Valley Trail, Whitewater Bay, Shark Valley Slough and more. Everglades National Park is a great start to an amazing camping trip exploring the sunny beaches and wilderness of Florida.
Cumberland Island National Seashore, Georgia
Cumberland Island is the southernmost and the largest barrier island in Georgia. You can see the maritime forests, beaches, marshes and more located in the designated wilderness areas. Cumberland Island also has the Dungeness ruins, which was originally built by General Nathanial Greene, and later built again by Thomas Carnegie. Plum Orchard Mansion is another place to visit on Cumberland Island. Plum Orchard Mansion was built by Lucy Carnegie for her son. In addition, visitors will the the First African Baptist Church in the Settlement and a Museum. Visitors can also enjoy a variety of outdoor activities including, hiking ,camping, wildlife viewing and bicycling to name only a few.
Sponsors
