Camp Matoaka for Girls
Smithfield, ME
Each summer 300 girls, ranging in age from 7-15, hailing from Greater  New England to South America join together in the great outdoors of Maine  and experience our unique Matoaka blend of friendship, group spirit,  healthful exercise and plain old-fashioned fun. By the end of the summer, you  will return home with increased confidence, a stronger sense of self, concrete  skills from activities in the arts, land athletics, dramatic theater, water  sports and outdoor adventure.  NOTE: applicants must be at least 19 years old.
Camp Chateaugay
Merrill, NY
Chateaugay is a warm, nurturing camp, located in the Adirondack Mountains with a wide geographic mix and a non-pretentious crowd. This family environment makes it easy for the first time camper to make our camp their home away from home.
The Edward J. Madden Open Hearts Camp
Great Barrington, MA
Nestled in the Berkshires of Western Massachusetts, The Open Hearts Camp is a colorful, unique, progressive, and connected summer camp for children who have had, and are fully recovered from, open heart surgery.
Camp Wildwood
Bridgton, ME
Top boys sports camp that teaches all six team sports- BASEBALL,  BASKETBALL,SOCCER,FOOTBALL,LACROSSE, and all types of HOCKEY (street, roller & ice).  Also, all waterfront, full ropes course and climbing wall, 4 hole golf course, wrestling, we have it all.  There is also a terrific TENNIS program. If you like kids and sports, this is the camp for you!
Camp Pinecliffe
Harrison, ME
Outstanding Maine girls camp where each year campers and staff come  from all parts of the world and join together into the Pinecliffe  family.  Staff is warm, mature and experienced.  Fine equitation,  canoeing, sailing, water-skiing, swimming, synchronized swimming,  tennis, basketball, softball, track, soccer, volleyball, archery,  gymnastics, drama, fine arts, crafts, ceramics, jewelry, intensive  canoe and mountain trips. Visit our website at www.pinecliffe.com
Camp Birchmont
Wolfeboro, NH
Upscale, picturesque coed sports camp in Lakes Region of New  Hampshire seeks energetic, mature, outgoing young people to complete a dynamic staff.   Very competitive salaries; 2 nights, 1 day off/week with transportation;  meals; WIRELESS HIGH SPEED INTERNET; travel reimbursement;  LARGER STAFF THAN MOST makes less workload. Camp sponsored staff parties; only 5 miles to village of Wolfeboro, NH. (www.wolfeboro.com).  Perfect for college students, teachers and coaches!   There are no strangers within.... only friends waiting to be met!  Join us!
Girl Scouts Western Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh, PA
Girl Scouts Western Pennsylvania offers employment opportunites at summer camp for energetic, caring, responsible and outgoing individuals who have a desire to build girls of courage, confidence and character. We are seeking staff for six camps all located in Western Pennsylvania. The camp locations for the 2012 summer camp season are: Camp Elliott located in Volant, PA; Camp Redwing located in Renfrew, PA; Camp Hawthorne Ridge in Girard, PA; Camp Conshatawba located in Summerhill, PA; Camp Skymeadow located in Avonmore, PA ; and Camp Singing Hills located in Oil City, PA.
Brantwood Camp
Peterborough, NH
Come expand your leadership skills and share your summer with inner-city and low-income boys and girls, ages 11-15 as they experience a traditional program that includes sports, swimming, hiking, a ropes course, and much more. CPR and First Aid certifications are provided free to all staff.
Girl Scouts of Kentuckiana
Louisville, KY
Girl Scouts of Kentuckiana offers two fun and exciting opportunities for the summer. Camp Pennyroyal offers a traditional camping experience for girls grades 1-12. We provide lots of fun, exciting, and memorable experience for our campers such as swimming, hiking, arts and crafts, singing, and all the wonders that our beautiful property has to offer. Bear Creek Aquatic Camp offers aquatic based programming for girls grades 4-12. BCAC provides lots of singing, boating (sailing, windsurfing, kayaking, and canoeing), swimming, arts and crafts, nature activities, and more!
Girl Scout Council of the Nation's Capital
near Washington, DC
Working at resident camp is a life-altering experience.  You can make a difference in the life of a girl!  Create memories for a lifetime and gain valuable new skills- work, live, and play in the great outdoors!
Girl Scouts of Eastern MA Camps
Boston, MA
Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachuetts operates 4 resident camps in MA & NH.  Our all girl camps help girls grow in courage, confidence & character through programs specializing in adventure sports, horseback riding, island camps, trips, arts, drama, sailing and other water sports.  Our staff comes from all over the world to help teach girls to believe in themselves so that they can make the world a better place.
Camp Wingate*Kirkland
Yarmouth Port, MA
Coed, residential camp on Cape Cod.  185 campers, ages 7-15.  We look for staff who love working with kids and want to play a key role in our camp community.  All counselors live with kids and offer 4 instructional periods each day.  Applicants must be at least 18 years old and have completed at least one year of college, or the equivalent.  Priority will be given to applicants who are able to come to the New York or Boston areas for an interview.
Camp Mason YMCA
Hardwick, NJ
YMCA Camp Mason has been changing lives since 1900 with a unique blend of adventure and traditional camp programs. Friendship, fun, and challenge are the cornerstones of a Camp Mason summer staff experience. Join the Camp Mason community this summer!
Camp Maripai, Willow Springs, Shadow Rim and Sombrero Day Camp
Prescott, Payson, or Phoenix, AZ
Work in the cool pines of Northern Arizona!  Horseback riding, rock climbing, archery, arts and crafts, hiking and much more!  Benefits include salary, room and board, wireless internet access, free laundry, most weekends off, new friends from all over the world, Girl Scout Cookies.  Girl Scout experience is not necessary.
Camps Kenwood & Evergreen
Wilmot, NH
Camps Kenwood & Evergreen is a warm, welcoming community. We are a 7 week overnight Camp in the beautiful countryside of New Hampshire. We specialize in life-changing experiences and growth through sports, arts, outdoor pursuits and the relationships created at Camp, where being a good friend is the highest value.
Pine Forest Camp
Greeley, PA
Pine Forest Camp is a residential overnight co-ed camp located in Northeastern, PA. Only 1.5 hours from NYC and 2 hours from Philadelphia. Pine Forest offers a well-rounded, coed sleepaway camp experience with an action-packed schedule. A sports camp, a tennis camp, a cooking camp, an arts camp, a theater camp, a riding camp, an adventure camp all rolled into one!  We welcome campers entering grades 2 through 11. With a fun-filled, action-packed activity program, Pine Forest has something here for all ages and every interest.  Once you get to know Pine Forest, you'll never forget it—just ask the four generations of camp families who have called Pine Forest their summer home!
92nd Street Y Camps
New York, NY
The 92nd Street Y Camps offer 12 different camp programs that offer something to children of every interest, age and need.  Traditional day camps, teen travel camps, and special needs camps are offered.  THESE ARE DAY CAMPS, SO PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE UNABLE TO PROVIDE HOUSING.
Camp Nor'wester
Lopez Island, WA
Established in 1935, our program is focused on getting outside, living with simple comforts, and doing things that require less technology and more personal effort. Our activities are considered traditional: arts and crafts, drama, archery, and ropes course, with lots of outdoor activities like sailing, kayaking, hiking and overnight camping trips.
Camp Timberlane for Boys
Woodruff, WI
MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN THE LIVES OF CHILDREN! Live, work, and grow with children in a fun, positive and supportive atmosphere in Wisconsin's North  Woods. We need conscientious, fun-loving people to be counselors, instructors, wilderness trip leaders, health care providers, cooks, and maintenance staff.  Expect a summer you'll never forget!
Camp Canadensis
Canadensis, PA
CAMP CANADENSIS is a full summer residential camp for campers, ages 7-16 years old, located in the beautiful Pocono Mountains of PA (close to New York City and Philadelphia).  We feel that camp is a place to experience so many wonderful and different activities and our daily schedule reflects that, incorporating Athletics, Water Sports, Outdoor Adventure and the Arts each day.  For more about us, and to see videos of camp, please visit www.canadensis.com.
Camp Scherman
Mountain Center, CA
Summer resident camp at Camp Scherman offer girls and staff opportunities and experiences in a comfortable environment where they can have fun and challenge themselves.  Working on staff at Camp Scherman not only allows you to earn a paycheck, it’s also an opportunity to spend your summer outdoors in the fresh air while learning life skills that will be applicable in all your future jobs.  Camp Scherman offers you:  a once in a lifetime experience  a multitude of transferable job and life skills  a chance to change the life of a girl
Long Lake Camp for the Arts
Long Lake, NY
America's premier arts summer camp specializing in FINE ARTS-  THEATER/DRAMA - MUSIC - DANCE - CIRCUS and with a great waterfront and supportive, non-competitive sports program. We also offer a new adventures program.
Passport NYC
New York, NY
Get more out of summer with Passport NYC, an international, 3-week, residential, Jewish, specialty summer camp. With New York City as their canvas, teens entering 9th-12th grades immerse themselves in one specialty to follow their passion in Fashion, Film, Culinary Arts, The Music Industry or Musical Theater.
Camp Wayne for Boys
Preston Park, PA
Summer of Your Life--Family owned and operated brother-sister camp (Camp Wayne for Boys & Camp Wayne for Girls) in northeast corner of PA with 270 campers age 6 - 16 years, featuring excellent instruction in all land and water sports, outdoor adventure and creative arts.
Tripp Lake Camp
Poland, ME
Tripp Lake Camp, located in Poland, Maine, is a traditional residential summer camp for girls. It is home to 350 campers, ages 7 to 16, who spend 7 weeks engaged in many diverse activities. It is situated on 260 beautiful acres of woods, fields and over a mile of waterfront.
Camp Kamaji
Cass Lake, MN
While there is likely a myriad of summer jobs available to college students – such as working in an office behind a desk or in a retail store behind a cash register or at a school-related internship – there are other alternatives for summer employment. Summer camp jobs are everywhere and for everyone. No matter where you’re from or what your ability level, if you love kids and enjoy the out-of-doors, there are any number of summer camp positions for which you may be qualified.  Working at a summer camp can be one of the most fun, exciting, and rewarding jobs you’ll ever do: the personal growth, the invaluable skill set for your resume, the reward of making a positive impact on the life of a child, the fun and excitement of being a part of a kid- centered community and the close friendships that you form will stay with you long after the summer ends. That is the magic of working at Camp Kamaji!
Bridgton Sports Camp
North Bridgton, ME
Bridgton Sports Camp offers the best of both worlds!  Our campers will “major” in a specific sport while experiencing everything that traditional camp has to offer.
Lake Owego Camp
Greeley, PA
Lake Owego Camp for Boys is a residential overnight camp for boys located in Northeastern, PA. Only 1.5 hours from NYC and 2 hours from Philadelphia. Lake Owego Camp offers a well-rounded, overnight camp experience with exceptional staff and programming. Boys ages 7-17 experience the adventure of traditional summer camp paired with the specialized instruction of a specialty sports camp, tennis camp, arts camp, theater camp , and adventure camp combined!
Golden Slipper Camp
Stroudsburg, PA
Golden Slipper Camp is a recreational camp nestled in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania.  We service deserving boys and girls who might not otherwise receive an overnight camping experience.  We offer up to 20 activities at any given time.
Melwood Recreation Center
Nanjemoy, MD
Melwood Recreation Center, home to Camp Accomplish and Access Adventures is on 108 wooded acres in the beautiful country side of Nanjemoy, Maryland (one hour south of Washington, D.C. and 90 minutes from Baltimore).  Camp Accomplish is an inclusive camp that brings kids with and without disabilities together to have fun. Campers ages are 5-16 years old.  Access Adventures is an assisted travel program for adults with disabilities, ages 18 and up! We offer: Modern cabins with A/C; competitive pay; free room/board; free laundry facility; staff lounge with computers and free internet access; special social activities for staff; paid training; great professional and staff support, excellent cultural experience, opportunity to make a difference, and meals prepared by an excellent Chef!
Camp Laurel South
Casco, ME
Camp Laurel South is a premier coed children's summer camp located in  the Sebago Lakes Region of Maine. We offer beautiful facilities, top- notch instruction and excellent salaries which include travel and room & board. Professional, family atmosphere and lifelong friendships.  Spend the summer of a lifetime in beautiful Maine!
Camp Echo Lake
Warrensburg, NY
Camp Echo Lake is truly a family tradition. For over 60 years, Echo Lake has been owned and operated by the Medine/Stein family.  Echo Lake is committed to empowering children. At Echo Lake, the core values your children learn at home are reinforced. In this unique community living experience, children develop a heightened sense of cooperation, teamwork, and fairness. As they acquire a greater appreciation and understanding of themselves during their stay at Camp Echo Lake, children build confidence and self-esteem. Their Echo Lake experience empowers them to reach full potential and to find their own “place in the sun.”
Camp Laurel
Readfield, ME
Camp Laurel, one of New England's premier 7 week residential, co-ed camps, combines cutting edge programming in a family atmosphere. Our exemplary staff provides a safe, fun, nurturing environment for children ages 7-15.  For more information call 1-800-327-3509 or visit www.camplaurel.com.
Maine Teen Camp
Porter, ME
Sports, arts, music and trips in a free choice, co-ed, international  community dedicated exclusively to teens. Maine Teen Camp is looking for  enthusiastic, positive, fun and hard working adult staff.
Girl Scouts of Minnesota and Wisconsin Lakes and Pines
Duluth, MN
Girl Scouts of Minnesota and Wisconsin Lakes and Pines provides 10 weeks of Summer Camp to girls in grades 1-12. Camp programming includes: boating, swimming, challenge course, horse riding, on and off-site camping outings, hiking, archery, arts and crafts, theater, and other fun summer activities.
Wood Haven
Pine Grove, PA
Located along the Swatara Creek in Schuylkill County, Camp Wood Haven’s forests, meadows, and protected wetlands are perfect for activities and other nature programs. Along with traditional camp activities, Wood Haven offers a range of Horseback Riding and Leadership programs, and resumes its boating program this summer through nearby Sweet Arrow Lake. Campers live in tents, shelters or the Tree House with three to five girls; pavilion structures with electricity provide additional protection from rain. In addition to themed activities listed, girls have the opportunity to enjoy all traditional camp activities.
Summit Camp & Travel
Honesdale, PA
Summit Camp has provided its services to a special needs population, ADD/LD,Aspergers Syndrome and attentional issues   since 1969. Please be sure to visit our website at www.summitcamp.com for  a full description of all our opportunities.
Camp Walt Whitman
Piermont, NH
Camp Walt Whitman, located in the beautiful White Mountains of New  Hampshire, within driving distance of many great New England  attractions is seeking cabin counselors and instructors for all areas  of camp.  We offer opportunities to try new things, meet great  people, and really make a difference to children's lives.
Canyon Creek Sports Camp
Lake Hughes, CA
CCSC has quickly become the fastest growing and best sports camp on the West Coast.  We are dedicated to helping campers cultivate their athletic skills and develop skills they never knew they had in a safe camp environment.  We focus on sports but also provide a very well-rounded, traditional camp program.
Stepping Stones Camping Sleep Away and Day
Batavia, OH
All camp's provide a traditional experience for individuals with disabilities which are tailored to individual, physical, mental and emotional needs. Activities may include arts & crafts, outdoor exploration, sports & games, waterfront activities, drama and themed events.
Lake Bryn Mawr Camp
Honesdale, PA
Tradition, spirit, sisterhood and fun are the keys to the summer of a lifetime at Lake Bryn Mawr Camp.  For 90 summers, campers who "live ten months for two" have been returning each June to cheer on the Green and Gold.
Camp Pontiac
Copake, NY
Camp Pontiac is looking for fun, enthusiastic and mature individuals who can teach and assist in all areas of athletics, aquatics, adventure programs, the arts or as a general bunk counselor! We offer a wonderful social environment as well as a competitive salary which includes a generous bonus stipend for outstanding individuals. Camp Pontiac is a premier coed overnight camp located in the foothills of the Berkshire Mountains midway between New York City and Boston. The camp accommodates approximately 300 boys and 300 girls ranging in age from 7 to 16. Come have the summer of your life with us!
Ojibwa for Boys
Eagle River, WI
WHERE THE RAINBOW ENDS OJIBWA BEGINS.  Specializing in land & water  sports, Ojibwa is awesome. Salary, room, board, laundry, & travel.  A rare  and wonderful opportunity.  Swimming, waterskiing, sailing, kayaking, rowboating, canoeing, fishing, basketball, tennis, zip line, climbing wall, strong sports program  Ojibwa promises memories for a lifetime.  6/11-8/10/12
Camp Tweedale--Girl Scouts of Eastern PA
Oxford, PA
Camp Tweedale is a premiere Girl Scout Camp operated by the Girl Scouts of Eastern Pennsylvania. Tweedale is less than 90 minutes from Philadelphia and specializes in a wide variety of innovative program opportunities featuring culinary arts, biking, aquatics, rock climbing and decidupelling, drama, musical theater, dance, Harry Potter, backpacking, canoeing and kayaking, intercultural exploration, animal life, and twelve different creative art programs. Our staff is second to none and includes counselors from all over the United States and world! Competitive salaries, terrific campers and programs, and a summer of memories you'll cherish for a lifetime!
Camp Cloud Rim and Trefoil Ranch
Salt Lake City, UT
Wanted: Competent, Caring Counselors to Help Shape Strong Young Women  Are you are looking for an adventure this summer?  Passionate about the great outdoors?  Enjoy working with kids?  Come spend your summer in the mountains!  Camp Cloud Rim and Trefoil Ranch are looking for fun, enthusiastic, motivated women and men to work at our beautiful camps in northern Utah.   We serve girls 6-17 years old who come to participate in horseback riding, waterfront activities (canoeing, kayaking, sailing, swimming), rock climbing, challenge course, backpacking, archery, biking, and rafting.  Campers also participate in programs focusing on ceramics, glass fusing, cooking, jewelry, photography, health and wellness,and leadership development.  We are seeking high energy, upbeat, outgoing individuals with a strong desire to help our campers learn, reach, grow and have tons of FUN!!! If you meet these qualifications, we want to hear from you--but only if you want to have the best summer ever!  Apply online at www.gsutah.org.
Camp Max Straus
Los Angeles, CA
APPLY TODAY! WE ARE STILL LOOKING FOR ARCHERY, AQAUTICS, ROPES COURSE, WRANGLERS, BACKPACKING TRIP LEADERS, HEAD WRANGLER, HEAD LIFEGUARD, HEAD ROPES FACILITATOR, AND SPORTS! EMAIL LKIMMELMAN@JBBBSLA.ORG FOR AN APPLICATIONS.  Camp Max Straus is a non-denominational residential summer camp located on 112 acres in the Verdugo Hills of Glendale.  Established in 1938, the goal of the camp is to provide a safe and nurturing environment to children regardless of race, religion, or the family's ability to pay. Through various activities, games, and experiences, we hope to instill the values of compassion, citizenship, empathy, respect, creativity, and grit in all the campers we serve.
Valley Forge Day Camp
Valley Forge, PA
Held at the Program Center at the Valley Forge Service Center, Valley Forge Day Camp facilities include climate-controlled multi-purpose and activity rooms, a large outdoor sports field, and a swimming pool. Themed programs give girls plenty of time to swim, play games and sports, enjoy a cookout, and participate in sing-alongs. Girls entering grades 4–10 can also try their hand at archery.
Camp Nashoba North
Raymond, ME
Counselor positions are available in most areas for this summer. Nashoba North is located in the beautiful Sebago Lakes Region of southern Maine, two hours north of Boston. 180 awesome campers ages 7 to 17.  Pre-camp certification programs are available in Lifeguard Training, WSI, CPR, First Aid and Maine Trip Leader certification. Must be 18 years and older and have specific activity areas of interest & talent. Sorry no general counselors.
Camp Wayne for Girls
Preston Park, PA
Select The Camp That Selects The Best Staff!...Known for having the  highest standards of staff selection in camping, we believe it is the  PEOPLE who make Camp Wayne for Girls "A Nice People Place."  Each summer the top 50-55 recruits (less than 10% of applicants) come together to create a mature, caring, positive and enthusiastic group of counselors in a beautiful and pleasant working environment.
Berkshire Soccer Academy for Girls
East Otis, MA
The Berkshire Soccer Academy for Girls is a unique place for girls, ages 10 - 15, to train like pro athletes, and still be kids. Similar to the US national soccer teams, BSA girls benefit from the whole-player approach to elite soccer training. They experience top-notch coaching and curriculum, as well as state-of-the-art facilities. They also learn to value balance and explore new activities that enhance their love of the game and reduce injury and burn-out.
Camp Starfish
Rindge, NH
Camp Starfish staff are a diverse group of dedicated, energetic and caring individuals who are interested in making a difference for a group of special and deserving children.  Our campers come from a wide variety of backgrounds and thrive on the individualized program and attention they receive at Starfish.
Rawhide Ranch
Bonsall, CA
Fun in the old west.  Roping, riding, crafts, archery, riflery, pony  cart drivers ed, vaulting(gymnastics on horseback), swimming, games, outdoor cooking, country dance, climbing wall, tomahawk throwing, drama, and a weekly horse show to show off what the campers have learned! American Camping Association, Certified Horsemanship Association and American Vaulting Association Accredited.
Camp Billings
Fairlee, VT
Camp Billings enters its 106th consecutive season of operation as a traditional, coed camp on a beautiful six mile lake in Central Vermont. Much more than just great programs and wonderful people, Camp Billings is a family. Please join us!
Camp Tioga
Thompson, PA
Join us at Camp Tioga for fun, friendships, and fantastic lifelong  memories. With hiking trails, creeks, a new heated swimming pool,  tennis courts, roller hockey rink, bungee trampoline and so much more, we promise that you will have "THE SUMMER OF YOUR LIFE"
Camp Robindel for Girls
Moultonborough, NH
Prominent, private girls' residential sports camp is in a beautiful  location near Boston, the Maine Coast and NH's White Mountains. Staff are diverse and electric, and are responsible for creating a safe, magical summer for 300+ campers.  YOU MUST HAVE COMPLETED AT LEAST ONE YEAR OF COLLEGE, BE AVAILABLE FROM MIDDLE OF JUNE THROUGH MIDDLE OF AUGUST.
Camp Takajo
Naples, ME
Camp Takajo is a residential boy's camp located in southern Maine. Staffing positions available in land sports, water sports, fine arts and outdoor education. Room and Board/travel provided.
Laughing Waters
Gilbertsville, PA
Located in the heart of Montgomery County, Laughing Waters has 460 acres of gently rolling meadows, rippling creeks and cool forests—perfect for the beginning camper. Girls swim in the pool daily, and enjoy crafts, nature and singing around the campfire. Campers stay in platform tents (or cabins, where noted in descriptions) with other girls their age. Staff members sleep nearby.
Tel Noar/Tevya
Ashland, MA
Join the Camp Tel Noar and Camp Tevya Staff This Summer, June 20 through August 16, 2012  Camp Tevya and Camp Tel Noar are traditional coed residential camp established in 1940 and 1950, respectfully.  Founded as Jewish culture camps, Tevya and Tel Noar campers attend a broad range of general and elective activities with special attention to Jewish culture, shira, and Israeli dance periods; observe Shabbat, and dietary rules. Visit www.cohencamps.org for more information.
Camp Manitou for Boys
Oakland, ME
Camp Manitou for Boys is a premier instructional camp located on 250  acres in Maine  focusing in three areas: athletics, waterfront and  creative activities.   The 300 boys choose from 42 activities in the morning and are  scheduled by the camp in the afternoons and evenings.
Camp Hazen YMCA
Chester, CT
Located in the Connecticut River valley, 12 miles from Long Island Sound, 2.5 hours from NYC and Boston, Camp Hazen YMCA is the place YOU want to work this summer!  Traditional camp program, where both campers and staff have fun, make friends and learn new skills.
Morry's Camp
Glen Spey, NY
Morry's Camp is a non-profit residential program.  Camp is the summer portion of our multi-year ongoing program called Project Morry.  When a child is selected as a 4th or 5th grader, based on financial need, the family receives a commitment of programming that spans both summer and school year through their childs high school graduation.  Participating with us is completely free of charge to our kids, families and our 6 community partners.
Camp Birch Hill
Traditional Summer Camp for boys and girls ages 6-16.
Kamp Kohut
Oxford, ME
Rich in the finest Maine camping traditions, Kamp Kohut offers a balanced focus on land sports, water sports, arts, media, and outdoor tripping and adventure for boys and girls ages 7-16.  Our two 4-week programs promote unity, camp spirit, self-expression, and growth.  Contact:  Jenny Green, 2 Tall Pine Road, Cape Elizabeth, Maine  04107, 1-888-465-6488, 207-767-0604 (fax), www.kampkohut.com, jenny@kampkohut.com
Camps River Ranch, Robbinswold and St. Albans
Seattle, WA
Girl Scouts of Western Washington has six fantastic camp properties.  We have summer resident camps at Camp River Ranch, Camp Robbinswold and Camp St. Albans.  To view more information about the camps and camp programs, including last year’s Camp Brochure go to http://www.girlscoutsww.org/programs/camp.   Camp River Ranch offers 430 acres of forest and trails with a river and lake on the property in the Cascade foothills.  Only 10 minutes from shopping and entertainment and just 40 minutes from downtown Seattle.  River Ranch offers a variety of programs including swimming, boating, crafts, environmental education, outdoor skills, English and Western horseback riding, biking, backpacking, leadership, and drama.      Camp Robbinswold is located on the Hood Canal on 540 acres on the Olympic Peninsula. It includes more than a mile of saltwater beachfront and a secluded freshwater lake. Programs at Camp Robbinswold include swimming, boating, crafts, marine biology, outdoor skills, outdoor cooking, the arts, windsurfing, sailing, biking, llama tripping, backpacking and leadership.    Camp St. Albans is located near Belfair on 414 acres of gorgeous lake front property near Belfair in south Puget Sound.    Programs at St. Albans include English and Western horseback riding, backpacking, leadership, swimming, boating, crafts, environmental education and outdoor skills.
Camp Fernwood
Poland, ME
Dynamic, skilled co-ed staff for fun, traditional girls camp in southern Maine.  Specialists/assistants still needed for Canoeing, Waterskiing, Climbing Wall/Ropes, Archery, Gymnastics, English Riding, Nurses and excellent Tripping program.  Beautiful lake, excellent facilities, warm caring atmosphere.   Great accomodation, competitive salary plus travel stipend.
Berkshire Hills Emanuel
Copake, NY
A Jewish sense of community is simply part of what Berkshire Hills Emanuel Camps does. We provide an exciting, safe, and fun summer camp experience to children ages 7-15 in Copake NY! Between swim, sports, arts and crafts, and much more, there is absolutely something for everyone. What we need to make the summer amazing though, is you. We are looking for positive, energetic, and enthusiastic staff to be uplifting role models for our all of our campers and lead them in building their own summer community. We have positions still open for this upcoming summer and want you to come be a part of our family. If you are interested, please complete an application on our website and please feel free to e-mail along any questions. I look forward to having you at camp this summer!
Mo-Ranch Summer Camp
Hunt, TX
Located along the headwaters of the Guadalupe River, Mo-Ranch is the perfect setting for a summer camp. Our program challenges campers from ages 8-15, through activities that help them develop physically, mentally, and spiritually.
Camp Akeela
Thetford Center, VT
Camp Akeela is an overnight summer camp in Vermont for boys and girls ages 9 - 17. Akeela campers are seeking a fun-filled, traditional camp experience that supports their social growth. Our campers are bright, creative and well-behaved, but struggle to make social connections with their peers.  Akeela staff members can expect an unforgettable summer of friendship, fun and genuinely making a difference in the lives of children.
Kamp Kiwanis
Taberg, NY
Kamp Kiwanis provides a camping experience by building tomorrows memories for under privledged youths, seniors and those with special needs.  We teach our kampers to value the individual, the community and their environment.
Maine Arts Camp
Unity, ME
Overnight camp offering 2-4 week sessions for boys and girls 8-15 years old in a non-competitive, nurturing environment.  Located on Unity College's campus in Unity, Maine, the program focuses on visual/performing arts, enrichment and individual/lifetime sports.  Activities include acting, improvisation, musical theater, chorus, dance (modern, tap, choreography, ballet, hip hop, jazz), drawing/painting, pottery, metal jewelry, beading, enameling, stained glass, sculpture, printmaking, mask making, portraiture, still life painting, digital & film photography, videography (special effects, film editing, making music videos & narrative films), robotics, rocketry, culinary arts, kayaking/canoeing, mountain & road biking, martial arts, archery, ultimate frisbee, yoga, fitness, environmental education, gardening, guitar, rock shop and creative writing.
KenMont and KenWood Camps
Kent, CT
KenMont and KenWood Camps - CT, Residential, Brother/Sister: 200 acre  lakefront site in Southern Berkshire Mountains (NYC 2 hours away)  with incomparable facilities. Seeking general counselors, department  heads, athletic instructors, archery, adventure, creative/performing  arts, golf, radio, tennis and waterfront (kayaking, sailing,  waterskiing). Competitive salaries, room/board, laundry and travel.
Timber Lake & Tyler Hill Camps
Glen Cove, NY
Timber Lake and Tyler Hill Camps, each located 2 hours northwest of  New York City, specializes in teaching children how to make lasting  friendships and how to build higher levels of self confidence and  self esteem.
Camp Thunderbird for Boys/Camp Thunderbird for Girls
Bemidji, MN
We are seeking HIGH ENERGY, UPBEAT, OUTGOING individuals with a  strong desire to help our campers learn, reach, grow and have tons of  FUN!!!  If you meet these qualifications, we are waiting for your  phone call!!  But be prepared to join and experience the most  rewarding, memorable and fun-filled summers of your life.
Camp Lokanda
Glen Spey, NY
Camp Lokanda is a premier co-ed 7 week overnight camp located in Glen Spey, New York in the beautiful Catskill mountains.  We are only two hours from New York City. Lokanda is made up of about 200 caring, fun, hard working staff!  If you are looking for the best summer experience, this is the place for you!  As you take excellent care of our campers, we in turn take care of YOU. We offer a very competitive salary package which includes a travel allowance. We also offer many dedicated facilities and support for our staff.
Gold Arrow Camp
Lakeshore, CA
Since 1933, our camp has offered boys and girls a traditional,  fun, and  non-competitive program with a variety of activities in a  spectacular wilderness  setting - in the Sierra National Forest on the shore of Huntington  Lake.   Approximately 150 dedicated and enthusiastic individuals make  up the staff of  Gold Arrow Camp.
GSNorCal- Skylark Ranch, Deer Lake, Sugar Pine, Bothin & Camp Metro
San Jose, CA
The Girl Scouts of Northern California owns and operates 5 summer camps from the coastline of Santa Cruz to the peaks of Tahoe and everywhere in between! Each year we hire over 225 individuals from around the world to bring the magic of summer camp to nearly 3,000 girls.  Our camps are designed to provide a unique atmosphere where girls are respected, nurtured, challenged and empowered. Campers have the opportunity to participate in a variety of program areas which include horseback riding, windsurfing, rock climbing, archery, kayaking,  nature, backpacking, ropes courses, fine arts, surfing, and canoeing… to name just a few! We are looking to create a staff who can bring enthusiasm and energy to our camps while providing a warm and caring environment ‘Where Girls Grow Strong’!
The Salvation Army High Peak Camp
Estes Park, CO
Long hot summer days, a dip in the pool, star-filled nights, camp fires,  roasted marshmallows, pillow fights, cabin devotions, emblem work, seeing  old friends, making new ones. Expanding horizons and creating memories.   That's what camp is about. For more than 100 years, The Salvation Army has  recognized the value of camping. It has witnessed the difference it can make  in people's lives. For an underprivileged child who's only known city  concrete, the blare of car horns and whirl of mass transit, it opens a whole  new world.  There are camps where kids learn the basics of playing a musical instrument  and camps where advanced musicians refine their craft. Teen camps feature  organized activities, interesting programs and classes addressing life issues  to help them navigate through challenging years. Children who participate in  The Salvation Army's character-building ministries in their own hometowns  come to camp to learn new skills and increase their knowledge while having  fun earning badges.   There are more than 50 Salvation Army camps throughout the United States.  Each one is unique to its geographical area, but they meet high standards in  housing, nutrition and safety according to the Christian Camping Association  or the American Camping Association. Salvation Army camps are attended by  more than 100,000 people of all ages, races and socioeconomic levels each  year. The camps are conducted by a competent staff of dedicated Christians  who serve together throughout the summer and are committed to making the  camping experience special for each individual.   As in all of its programs, The Salvation Army views camping holistically, a  ministry that addresses the emotional, physical and spiritual needs of  people. After camp The Salvation Army continues its care for individuals and  families at the local level primarily through its corps community centers.   The variety of camps is amazing, but they all provide a gorgeous setting, a  caring environment and activities that enrich life. Whether learning to swim,  baiting a hook for the first time or discovering new wonders while hiking a  nature trail, learning is a big part of the camp experience. Along the way  many learn something even more wonderful. They learn about  themselves—how very special they are. And in the process they gain  self-confidence, enthusiasm and courage. They also learn about community.  They begin to understand the importance of working together for a common  good, pulling together for something bigger than themselves. And they learn  about God and the difference He can make in their lives and in their world.   There's a great big world out there just waiting to be discovered! Camp is a  great place to start.
Camp Eagle Hill
Elizaville, NY
Camp Eagle Hill is a beautiful and modern 200 acre facility located  90 miles north of New York City in the foothills of the Berkshire  Mountains. While Camp Eagle Hill has a terrific facility, the people,  program and atmosphere are what make Eagle Hill stand out.
Girl Scouts of South Carolina - Mountains to Midlands, Inc.
Greenville, SC
Girl Scouts of South Carolina - Mountains to Midlands owns and opperates one resident camp, Camp WaBak, and one day camp, Camp Mary Elizabeth in the upstate of South Carolina. In the midlands region, we offer a short camping season featuring both day and resident camp opportunities.
Adirondack Camp
Putnam Station, NY
Lead, inspire, live and play on a beautiful private peninsula located on secluded Lake George in the Adirondacks. Adirondack Camp has been a magical setting for campers ages 7-16 for over one hundred years. We are seeking exceptional adult staff with broad interests, skills, and experiences who want to share their love of life and the outdoors with our campers.
Camp Foley
Pine River, MN
The mission of Camp Foley is to partner with parents to develop confident, responsible and respectful youth who gain skills and have fun through a quality camp experience in a youth centered community. Over 30 activities such as sailing, waterskiing, paintball, riflery, and climbing that promote healthy, safe risks and are taught with quality instruction.
Camp La Junta
Hunt, TX
Camp La Junta is a private, traditional, recreational, overnight  camp  for boys. La Junta is situated on 225 acres of scenic Texas  Hill Country, alongside a mile of the spring fed Guadalupe River.
Awosting & Chinqueka (sleepaway) and Boulder Ridge (day camp)
Bantam, CT
Camps Awosting and Chinqueka are located in the Northwest Hills of  Connecticut, a short drive to New York City, Boston, or the beach. Our day camp is in Barkhamsted, CT. We offer a wide variety of programs, such as fencing, go karts & mini biking, tower, etc. as well as the usual sports and arts camp activities. We are hiring both males and females to operate individual programs in each of these specialty areas as well as serving as a cabin supervisor. Come join us for the best summer of your life, and be part of the 2nd centennial staff of the oldest operating camp in the US.
Camp Chi
Lake Delton, WI
JCC Camp Chi makes more out of summer! The Midwest's premier Jewish resident camp for 4th-11th graders features a 600-acre campsite, 300 diverse staff members, and more than 40 activity choices, including waterskiing, swimming, sailing, crafts, athletics, horseback riding, ropes course, mountain biking, and so much more.  ACA accredited.
Camp Buckskin
Ely, MN
Camp Buckskin has dedicated over 50 years of service to helping campers with AD/HD, LD, and Apspergers achieve greater success in their lives. Our staff have the opportunity to make a major impact in lives of our campers while learning a lot from the great experience and training provided. This is an excellent opportunity for those who want to further their own professional development, especially for those interested in careers in psychology, social work, education, health care, or similar fields.
Camp Libbey
Defiance, OH
Camp Butterworth by Maineville, Camp Libbey by Defiance, and Camp Whip Poor Will by Morrow are owned and operated by Girl Scouts of Western Ohio.  All of our facilities are accredited by the American Camping Association (ACA). We offer an eight-week resident camp program, four weeks of day camp sessions, and family camp opportunities. Our summer camp opportunities offer a variety of activities for girls that include swimming, canoeing, archery, performing arts, crafts, horseback riding and more.  While at camp, staff can enjoy one hundred fifty to five hundred acres of forests and ravines, creeks, rivers and several miles of trails.
Camp Champions
Marble Falls, TX
Camp Champions is a traditional, residential co-ed summer camp located on Lake LBJ in the hill country of Texas.  For over 40 years we have been helping campers grow into Champions, while having the time of their lives.  To be the best we are constantly in search for the best.
Lochearn Camp for Girls
Post Mills, VT
Located in beautiful lakeside Vermont, just 20 minutes from Hanover,  NH, home of Dartmouth College. We are committed to the positive  character development of each child and offer a traditional, highly  spirited program of over 45 exciting activities for girls. Seeking  mature, sound-valued, and enthusiastic staff who want to make a positive difference in the lives of others. Loving community; life-long friendships.
Camp Augusta
Nevada City, CA
People can have a job, a career, or a calling. Camp Augusta is looking for folks who have a calling. Work, play, learn, struggle and grow in a vibrant community this summer facilitating the growth of children, yourself and others in the community.  Just because you can get a job at any camp, doesn’t mean that you want a job at any camp.  Camp Augusta is different than most camps because we operate on a structure of flat hierarchy, consensus and intention with every action.  We also have many activities that you are unlikely to find at other camps.
Camp Micah
Bridgton, ME
Micah is a coed overnight camp in Bridgton, Maine.  Campers are ages 7-15 and participate in: sports; arts & crafts; theatre; dance; waterfront; hiking; and much more.  We provide a safe, stimulating and challenging environment infused with Jewish traditions and values that promotes the building of self-esteem, social relationships and skill development.
Campus Kids - Minisink
Port Jervis, NY
Weekday sleep-away camp on the NY/NJ/PA border, in the hills above the Delaware River, 1.5 hour from NYC.  STAFF HAVE MOST WEEKENDS OFF!  Child-centered, individual choice programming, diverse population.  Focus on individual needs, low-key competition.  We want our campers and staff to experience success. We love the work we do...  Join us!
Camp Morty
North Salem, NY
Camp Morty, entering its 6th year, offers a traditional sleep away camp for underprivileged and foster children, ages 8-15 who reside in Westchester County NY.  Located on the beautiful Mt. Lakes Park (1,038 acres), each one week session supports 90 campers.  Campers and staff sleep in yurts on raised platforms. All meals  are prepared and provided on site.  The camp offers a myriad of outdoor educational and recreational activities. Examples include; swimming, sports, ropes course, boating, dance, drama, music and outdoor adventure.
Sandy Ridge Program and Training Center
Bennettsville, SC
Sandy Ridge Girl Scout Program and  Training Center is located in Marlboro County near Bennettsville, SC.  Acres of beautiful sandhills have been developed for the enjoyment of our campers.  With a capacity of 66 girls per session, Sandy Ridge is the perfect place to spend time.  Activity facilities include a swimming pool, two lakes, an archery range, sports fields, Highway 98, Aggie’s Trail, a clay pit and air conditioned dining hall and housing facilities are  cabins.
Camp Waziyatah
Waterford, ME
Camp Waziyatah is a traditional, non-denominational, co-ed camp for boys and girls age 7 to 17 in beautiful Waterford, Maine. Wazi sits on 130 wooded acres and a 3.5 mile private lake. Site of Disney Channel's "Bug Juice". Looking for great counselors who want to have a fantastic summer and make a difference in a kid's life.
Camp Kweebec
Schwenksville, PA
Camp Kweebec is a private, coed sleepaway camp for children 6 to 16 years of age. Located on 186 acres in the Perkiomen Valley, we are approximately 40 minutes northwest of Valley Forge, Pennsylvania. Kweebec has been in continuous operation for more than 75 years and Les and Maddy Weiser, now joined by their children Rachel and Joshua as year round associate directors, have been the active owners and directors for more than 40 years.
Wyonegonic Camps
Denmark, ME
Wyonegonic Camps for girls is located on a freshwater lake in southwestern Maine.  Counselors live with children in cabin-groups in a caring and non-competitive atmosphere. Program emphasis is on aquatics, boating, traditional camp activities and wilderness trips.  Affiliated with Camp Winona for boys located 5 miles away.
Lake of the Woods and Greenwoods Camps
Decatur, MI
Lake of the Woods and Greenwoods Camps were recently featured in  Family Life Magazine as one of ten recommended camps in America!   Campers ages 7-15 attend our camp from across the United States and  around the world.  We offer an extensive program with over 40 land  and water activities.  Apply today for the summer of a lifetime!
Camp Move IT™
Bovina Center,
Camp Move IT is a residential summer camp for girls that takes them on a journey of self-discovery and creativity through the power of the arts. We are extremely diverse and celebrate ALL girls fro ALL walks of life.  Camp Move IT inspires girls to celebrate their individuality and open themselves to new views of life through other people's lenses. We are indeed VERY open and definitely attract a more open minded family that wants a pluralistic experience for their daughters.
Camp Dogwood
Madison, VA
Camp Dogwood Summer Academy is the flagship program of the AnBryce Foundation. Located in Wolftown, Virginia (approximately two hours from Washington D.C.), Camp Dogwood was created to provide a unique educational opportunity for youth and young adults who lack the necessary resources to participate in a residential camping and enrichment experience outside their home and social settings.
Camp Wright
Stevensville, MD
Located on the shore of the Chesapeake Bay, Camp Wright has provided the young people of Maryland and nearby regions with positive, life-altering experiences since 1930. Activities include sailing, canoeing, sports, nature, arts & crafts, outdoor living skills, swimming, and more! The positive experiences afforded our campers are not lost on our staff.  A summer at Camp Wright could change your life!
Camp Manitou
Parry Sound, ON
Camp Manitou, is located 2.5 hours from Toronto, Manitou is a world renowned  camp that offers arts, sports and outdoor adventure for campers from  the world over.  We attract a diverse group of staff and enjoy a  reputation for offering campers the very best of traditional Ontario  camping while also providing a camp that has adapted to the modern  world. Visit our website for more information at www.manitoucamp.com
Camp Winadu
Pittsfield, MA
Camp Winadu is the premier all boys sleep-away sports camp in the Berkshires located in Pittsfield, Mass.   We are currently looking for counselors/coaches in all areas of sports:  soccer, golf, lacrosse, basketball, tennis, sailing, waterski and general staff.  We offer a competitive salary, travel stipend, and all room and board expenses.
Camp Starlight
Starlight, PA
Camp Starlight is a traditional brother/sister camp located  on 385 acres with two private spring-fed lakes in the  mountains of Northeast Pennsylvania.  Camp Starlight has long been recognized for our caring and  mature staff.
Camp E-Ko-Wah
Marlow, OK
Camp E-Ko-Wah is located near Marlow, Oklahoma in a beautiful lake front setting and serves as our resident camp in the summer season. The camp includes a dining hall, swimming pool, an archery range, crafts center and basketball courts. This facility also boasts a waterfront dock where girls can paddle-boat, canoe and fish. This camp serves as the home for our adventure challenge programs with our Low Ropes course as well as our Mid High Course.  Sleeping arrangements include tree house cabins and ground level cabins, which sleep 8-10 girls each. All units are lighted, have flush toilets and showers available. Each unit has a separate cabin in which summer camp staff are housed. They are close by and available for quick response day and night for camper assistance.
Camp Twin Creeks
Marlinton, WV
Take one summer, add Camp... ...make a difference, Change Lives!  (including your own)  For over 60 years, camping excellence has abounded at the site of Camp Twin Creeks The sounds of laughter, cheering and summertime excitement never fail to echo through the Allegheny Mountains.  ornings are for three core activities, where cabins travel together.  Afternoons are for your choices, so you can focus on what seems most fun.  Every two-week session has a beginning, a middle and an end, with loads of special events added to make camp absolutely incredible.
Camp Agawak
Minocqua, WI
Traditional overnight girls camp located in the beautiful northwoods of Wisconsin.  Located on a private lake.  Well rounded activity program where campers come for either or both 3 and half week sessions.  Warm, enthusiastic staff wanted for the camp family to help offer safety, health and happiness to all.
Camp Lincoln for Boys & Camp Lake Hubert for Girls
Lake Hubert, MN
ARE YOU READY FOR THE BEST SUMMER OF YOUR LIFE?!?   Founded in 1909 and now preparing for our 102nd summer, Camp Lincoln and Camp Lake Hubert are non-sectarian, traditional camps focused on skill and character development for boys and girls ages 8-17. As two of America's premiere camps, Camp Lincoln and Camp Lake Hubert are nestled on the pristine shores of spring-fed Lake Hubert, where over 30 land and water activities take place on our 700 wooded acres of Pine and Birch. Lake Hubert is located in the heart of Minnesota's "Great Northwoods" and is 1 mile long and 1.5 miles wide with a soft, sandy bottom. Campers and staff live in modern cabins complete with bathrooms and enjoy superior facilities in all their activities.
Camp Hawthorn Hollow & Camp Innisfree (GSSEM Camps)
Columbus or Howell, MI
WELCOME TO GIRL SCOUTS OF SOUTHEASTERN MICHIGAN's CAMPS!  Girl Scout Camp Hawthorn Hollow is located on 330 acres of beautiful  hardwood forest in St. Clair County (eastern Michigan, near Port Huron).  The site features a challenge course, arts and nature center, aquatic study area, swimming (pool), modern lodges, off-site equestrian opportunities for campers, and miles of hiking and biking trails!   Camp Innisfree is located between Howell and Pinckney, Michigan. Set on 995 wooded acres with two lakes, a sports field, challenge course/program, an excellent equestrian center, as well as other activities.   We are currently hiring for 2012 summer camp: cabin staff, program staff, and head counselors(counselors and cabin supervisors).
Camp Horseshoe
Rhinelander, WI
Camp Horseshoe, one of Wisconsin's premier residential camps, combines cutting-edge programming in a family atmosphere.  Camp Horseshoe is known for its exceptional facilities, meaningful traditions, and unique philosophy.   Our outstanding staff provides a safe, fun and rewarding experience for our camper's ages 8-16.    Our staff consist of experienced teachers, professionals and college students from the US and abroad.    Located in the heart of Wisconsin's beautiful Northwoods, Horseshoe is about 10 minutes from the town of Rhinelander, which is filled with movies theaters, shops, recreation, golf courses and nightlife.   Join us for a fun-filled, action packed summer!  For more information, please call us at 847-433-9140, e-mail us at fun@camphorseshoe.com or complete an on-line application on our website at  www.camphorseshoe.com.  We look forward to hearing from you.
Kutsher's Sports Academy
Monterey, MA
Professional Sports Instruction in a warm traditional camp environment.  Counselors work with experienced professional coaching staff in the sport of their choice
Indian Head Camp
Honesdale, PA
Take one summer, add Camp... ...make a difference, Change Lives!  (including your own)
Indian Head Camp offers campers, aged 7- 16, a broad range of exciting experiences. The camp program is designed to encourage particiaption in a variety of activities, develop basic skills and refine advanced skills, and build the foundations for further development as they mature.  The 3-to-1 ratio of campers to counselors ensures that each youngster receives plenty of individual attention and personalized instruction.
Camp Togowoods
Wasilla, AK
Camp Togowoods is located in the Matanuska Valley about 50 miles north of  Anchorage. Our rustic facility surrounded by a majestic forest of birch and  spruce trees, is a perfect location for helping girls achieve their best. We  offer activities in the arts, wilderness travel, and aquatics. We are looking  for committed, caring staff to join our team.
Camp Timber Tops
Greeley, PA
Meet a new friend! Experience adventure! Sing your heart out! Shoot a three-pointer! Dance on stage! Cook a s'more! Practice your back handspring! Dress up for Timberween! Walk hand-in-hand with your bunkmates as they begin to feel more like sisters than friends.  Camp Timber Tops, nestled in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania, is proud to be one of the oldest girls overnight summer camps in the United States that is still owned and operated by its founding family.  Camp Timber Tops is a sleepover with your best friends every night. It's your home away from home. It's your summer family.
Sandy Hill Camp
North East, MD
Sandy Hill Camp is a family-owned and operated, licensed and ACA-accredited, residential summer camp. Located on 211 scenic acres overlooking the Upper Chesapeake Bay near the town of North East, Maryland, Since 1995, Sandy Hill has offered a variety of action-packed one and two-week sessions for boys and girls who have completed 2nd through 10th grades. Traditional camp with a huge range of activity choices: sailing, waterskiing, canoeing, pool, ropes course, many sports, creative arts and horses. WEEKENDS OFF! GREAT PAY- +2400! STAFF TRIPS! WORK ON THE CHESAPEAKE BAY!
Camp Schodack
Nassau, NY
FUN! FRIENDLY! COED CAMP in beautiful Berkshires seek  many staff.  Welcoming and supportive atmosphere.  General Bunk staff  and instructor openings in waterfront/pool, ropes course, arts & crafts, hobbies, team sports, and adventure/ hiking trips.   Day off accessibility to Boston, New York & Montreal
Fairview Lake YMCA Camps
Newton, NJ
Fairview Lake YMCA sits on mile-long Fairview Lake in Northwestern New Jersey.  Our 660 acres of fields and forests, and a 70,000-acre national park in our back yard offer unlimited summer camp possibilities.  We have almost every traditional and non-traditional activity you can think of, including windsurfing, sailing, all sports, drama, dance, crafts, swimming, ropes courses, outdoor adventure trips and more. Children and staff come from all over the world!
Camp Greylock
Becket, MA
Make a difference in the lives of children. Fun, energetic, caring  counselors and experienced coaches/instructors wanted. Greylock, established in 1916, is America's foremost sports camp for boys. We offer professional instruction, top facilities, and a strong tradition of sportsmanship. Beautiful waterfront campus, outstanding group of people, very rewarding summer!
Windridge Tennis & Sports Camps
Roxbury, VT
Come share the Windridge experience - a commitment to hard work, good sportsmanship, wholesome fun and laughter amidst a warm and friendly environment.
Idyllwild Arts Summer Program
Idyllwild, CA
The Idyllwild Arts Summer Program offers intensive intruction in dance, film/video, music, theater, visual arts and creative writing to students of all ages and abilities, including families, in a spectacular mountain setting in Southern California.  One full year of college is required to be eligible for a staff position.
Wildwood: A Mass Audubon Camp for Outdoor Exploration
Rindge, NH
Join a caring, creative team dedicated to helping everyone develop strong connections with nature! Wildwood is Mass Audubon's overnight camp in Rindge, NH, offering programs for children, teens, and families. We seek staff interested in teaching and learning about the environment!
Camp Henry Horner
Ingleside, IL
Camp Henry Horner features a traditional overnight camp  as well as a day camp for campers ages 5-14. Henry Horner blends traditional camp activities (arts & crafts, evening programs, swimming, etc.) with ropes course, rock climbing, skate park, adventure trips and more.  Come join a fun and enthusiastic staff from around the World.
Camp Winaukee
Center Harbor, NH
Awesome summer sports/adventure camp located in New Hampshire on spectacular Lake  Winnipesaukee in the heart of the White Mountains. You name the sport we've got it.  Coach, take campers on  fantastic trips, make friends from all over the world and touch the  lives of children this summer!  Need over 200 instructors/coaches for  the sports/adventures we offer.   Location: New Hampshire Dates: June 15 - August 15 Salary: Negotiable Paid Internships Available Visas Available
A Trail's End Camp
Beach Lake, PA
TRAIL'S END CAMP represents the finest in summer camps in the country.  We have been providing action packed summers for over 60 years!  We are proud to announce the opening of Chestnut Lake, our new premiere session camp.  Visit us at www.mysummercampexperience.com to learn more.  Double your chances of getting a great summer camp job by applying to either of our top summer camps today.
Camp Runoia
Belgrade Lakes, ME
Camp Runoia is a traditional girls' camp located in Central Maine.  Our  minimum staff age is typically 19 with 1 year of college completed. We are looking for applicants with patience and love for children, strengths in a number of activities or specific special skills (or the potential to gain them)in one of our camp activity areas.
Camp Kippewa
Monmouth, ME
Loads of activities means loads of choice at Kippewa!  Individualized scheduling means that at Kippewa, you choose your activities each week! Each week, every camper chooses four new activities to attend for one-hour periods each day with girls her own age. One period each day is assigned and alternates between swimming lessons and team sports. Additional daily free choice periods are recreational, with a variety of activities open to girls of all ages.
Brookwood Camps
Glen Spey, NY
Brookwood Camps is an exciting summer program for children 7-18 years old. With an emphasis on sports, both land and water, we actively seek staff members qualified to instruct and counsel our campers. Our program meets the varied interests of children in the fine arts and crafts as well. Top salary and great living environment. Visit us at www.brookwoodcamps.com for our online application.
Iroquois Springs
Rock Hill, NY
Iroquois Springs, located JUST 90 MILES FROM NY CITY, is a co-ed residential camp in the Lower Catskill Mountains for boys and girls between the ages of 7 and 16.  If you are an energetic and motivated person, looking to help shape the lives of children in an outdoor environment, our summer team is for you.  Iroquois Springs is a safe, fun filled environment for children looking to experience the magic camp has to offer while creating positive memories that will shape each child's future.  We have been the site of the finest in sleep-away camp experiences for boys and girls since 1931.  Iroquois Springs is simply an extraordinary place for children!     Located just 90 miles from New York City, our location is outstanding, and your experience will be second to none!
Girl Scouts - Diamonds Camp Crossed Arrows
Floral, AR
Girl Scouts - Diamonds serves girls between the grades of 1st – 12th at summer camp locations across Arkansas.  At camp, girls have the opportunity to swim, hike, canoe, rock climb, kayak, do crafts and learn new outdoor skills such as archery; not to mention go on road trips and travel throughout the state.  More importantly though, they have the opportunity to experience new things, meet new people, increase their self-reliance, and build self- confidence.  (Our camp staff seems to have similar experiences!)
Camp Walden
Diamond Point, NY
Camp Walden is a co-ed traditional summer camp set amongst the splendor of the Adirondack Mountains.  Camp Walden offers both full and half sessions, and a two week option for our first time campers only.   We are located 3-1/2 hours from NYC and Boston and 2-1/2 hours from Montreal.  Please watch our video at http://www.campwalden-ny.com/about/video.php
Camp Mataponi
Naples, ME
Spend your summer in a lakefront cabin in Maine. If you're looking to  spend this summer outdoors, have fun while you work, and make  lifelong friends, then look no further. Camp Mataponi, a residential  girls camp in Maine, has M/F summertime staff openings.  Top salaries  plus room/board & travel provided.
CAMP LOHIKAN in the Pocono Mountains
Lake Como, PA
400 STAFF POSITIONS at 3 coed Pennsylvania Summer Camps! Top salary. Travel paid.  Instructors, Counselors and Supervisors (teachers/coaches) needed for ALL ARTS, SPORTS and ADVENTURE Activities including: Jet Skiing, Water Skiing, Horseback Riding, Quad Riding, Dirt Bikes, Skateboarding, Rock Climbing, Music, Rock Band, Paintball, Gymnastics, Bungee Trampoline, Pottery, Arts & Crafts, Woodworking, Drama, Dance, Video Production, Radio Broadcasting, Circus Arts (all circus acts), Magic, Flying Trapeze, High & Low Ropes, Survival Program, Mt. Biking. Mt. Boarding, Archery, Riflery, Martial Arts, Basketball, Lacrosse, Baseball, Softball, Roller Hockey, Football, Soccer, Tennis, Fencing, Cooking, Sailing, Canoeing, Windsurfing, Swimming, Lifeguards, and more.
The North Country Camps
Keeseville, NY
The North Country Camps offers a unique experience in healthy outdoor  living, developing a strong sense of community, and promoting skill  development at one's own pace. We have strong traditional activities  in-camp, and an extensive backcountry trip program into the  Adirondack wilderness. We tend to attract caring, fun-loving, and  skillful staff with a desire to work closely with kids in the  outdoors.
Camp Gallahue
Morgantown, IN
Camp Gallahue is located in Brown County in beautiful Southern Indiana, and provides outdoor programs for girls between the ages of 7 and 17.  Activities include swimming, canoeing, sports, archery, arts & crafts, horseback riding.   How is Gallahue different from other camps?  We focus on girls.  Today, girls face tremendous pressure to be thin, smart, quiet, cool, attractive, passive, and to seek approval from others.  There aren't many places where girls can just be themselves, but that's what Camp Gallahue provides.  We're looking for staff who are committed to providing a safe space for girls and who will work toward our mission to build girls of courage, confidence, and character who make the world a better place.
American Youth Foundation's Miniwanca
Shelby, MI
Come discover your best self with an unforgettable summer at American Youth Foundation's Miniwanca. We have 360 acres nestled between pristine waters and towering sand dunes with one mile of Lake Michigan beachfront.  Help campers find balance in their physical, mental, social and spiritual lives.
Interlochen Center for the Arts-Interlochen Arts Camp
Interlochen, MI
Interlochen Center for the Arts employs summer faculty and staff. The Camp provides arts-centered experience for youth from around the world.  Visit us at www.interlochen.org/summerjobs.
Baco Che-Na-Wah
Minerva, NY
Camp Baco for Boys and Camp Che-Na-Wah for Girls is camp at its purest. We're two separate camps built on a single tradition: the secret to great camp is its people.
Camp Sealth
Vashon, WA
Camp Sealth is a nonprofit coed residential and day camp for youth ages 4-17. Operated by Camp Fire USA, Sealth's mission is to build caring, confident youth and future leaders through outdoor programs.
Camp Bloomfield/Junior Blind of America
Malibu, CA
Junior Blind of America's Camp Bloomfield provides children and youth who are blind, visually impaired or multi-disabled with a natural and safe environment to develop self-esteem, build independence and fully experience the joys of childhood. Nestled in the Santa Monica Mountains in Malibu, this 40-acre campground offers various week-long camp sessions for children of all ages and disabilities.
Via West (formerly Camp Costanoan)
Cupertino, CA
Employment at Via West provides endless opportunities for growth and development working in a fun, outdoor setting.  If you want to make a meaningful and direct impact on the lives of children, learn and develop new skills, and work with a culturally diverse staff...Come Join Our Team!
Camp Moosilauke
Orford, NH
Traditional sleepaway camp offering baseball, basketball, tennis,  archery,  lacrosse, football, soccer, golf, waterskiing, tubing,canoeing,  sailing,  windsurfing, fishing, white water canoeing, kayaking, mountain- biking, hiking  and backpacking.  Located 30 minutes from Dartmouth College.
Campus Kids - N.J.
Blairstown, NJ
Weekday sleep-away camp in rural northwest NJ, one hour from NYC.  STAFF HAVE WEEKENDS OFF!  Child-centered, individual choice programming, diverse population.  Focus on individual needs, low-key competition. We love our campers, we love our staff, we love the work we do.  Join us!
Camp Wicosuta
Hebron, NH
A four-week residential camp for girls located on Newfound Lake in New Hampshire, we offer top notch facilities and a wide variety of activities for our campers from which to choose. Our professional staff ensures that our campers leave feeling more confident, competent, and connected to a community of loving adults and wonderful campers.  Our staff also gains career building skills such as teamwork and problem-solving while having the summer of a lifetime!
Camp Vega
Fayette, ME
Being a staff member at Camp Vega, located on beautiful Echo Lake in Maine, is  an extraordinary experience.  Staff at camp have two main responsibilities: supervising a group of girls that you and other co-counselors live with and specializing in and coaching an activity that you have (or would like to have) experience in.
Camp Lindenmere
Henryville, PA
Lindenmere is a private coed residential camp located in the Poconos. Campers come for 3 weeks or 6 weeks and are able to customize their own schedules.  Activities include Team Sports, Individual Sports, Extreme Sports, Fine Arts, Horseback Riding, Dance, Theatre, Rock Band, Circus and More!
Tamwood Camps
Los Angeles , CA
Tamwood International Camps offers young people between the ages of 7 and 17 the chance to learn English in a welcoming, fun environment as well as the option to try activities like rock climbing, mountain biking, kayaking, art, dance and more. Our campers will enjoy sightseeing excursions, dance parties, talent shows, adventure races and other events guaranteed to be fun! Campers will develop new skills like decision making, independence and the ability to try new things. Campers will make friends from around the world and create memories that will last a lifetime.   Our carefully chosen staff provide a warm friendly atmosphere for our students to learn and grow. Our staff gain valuable experience with teaching, cross cultural communication, outdoor leadership instruction and more. Tamwood offers comprehensive staff training, a competitive salary and opportunities for advancement.
Channel 3 Kids Camp
Andover, CT
Channel 3 Kids Camp serves children from all over Connecticut.  We  are the only overnight camp in the State dedicated to providing an  overnight camping experience for underprivileged youth.  Most of our  campers pay $50 a week to attend camp.  A staff member should  be prepared for a challenging, rewarding summer.
Camp Lonehollow
Vanderpool, TX
Lonehollow is Texas' premier adventure camp for boys and girls ages 7 to 16 and impacts the lives of campers from around the world. Counselors enjoy 3000 acres of mountainous terrain, crystal clear lakes, air-conditioned stone cabins and treehouses, while helping craft a child's personal summer adventure.
Camp Androscoggin
Wayne, ME
Located in central Maine, Androscoggin is the summer home for 275 boys between 8 and 15 and 100 staff. Since 1907, campers and counselors have been sharing a summer to remember on our 125 acre lakeside campus.
Deer Crossing Camp
El Dorado National Forest, CA
Deer Crossing Camp is located in the High Sierra at 6400' elevation on Loon Lake in the El Dorado National Forest. At our back door is beautiful Desolation Wilderness with 100+ lakes and numerous destinations to explore.   Deer Crossing is the only accredited camp in California with pristine wilderness surroundings reached by trail and boat. There is no road access. A true wilderness living experience.
Camp Tawonga
Groveland, CA
Located in California near Yosemite on 160 acres of magnificent forested land, Camp Tawonga provides children with an unparalleled fun and meaningful summer.  We focus on building campers' self-esteem, a strong community, a positive Jewish environment and a strong connection to the natural world.
Fernwood Cove
Harrison, ME
We are seeking a highly motivated and diverse team to instruct campers in many different activities. Successful candidates will be able to exercise mature judgment, have sound skills in one or more activities and be able to teach and encourage children to excel in many areas.
Camps Fatima & Bernadette
Gilmanton Iron Works, NH
Rn's, LPN's & Counselors needed - The Diocesan Camps, Camp Fatima for  Boys & Camp Bernadette for Girls, are seeking staff for Summer 2005  season.  College internships available.  Lifeguard, CPR, and First  Aid training available to all staff.  Minimum age - 17.
Camp Howe
Goshen, MA
Exciting adventures, great people and incredible friendships; that's what a Camp Howe experience is all about!
New York YMCA Camp
Huguenot, NY
The New York YMCA Camp is a globally diverse bully-free community built upon the YMCA core values of caring, honesty, respect, and responsibility. Our camp is an emotionally and physically safe community where children will make new friends, learn new skills and have great fun.
Camp Cedar
Casco, ME
Camp Cedar is a private boys camp on 150 acres in the beautiful Lakes  Region of Maine.  The program is sports oriented and focuses on  development of both skills and character.  We have a reputation for  happy campers and happy staff.  You'll have the summer of your life!  Visit us: www.campcedar.com
Camp Lookout & Crystalaire Adventures
Frankfort, MI
Camp Lookout (55 capacity), located  in northern Michigan, offer loosely structured, non- competitive programs in which campers make daily activity  choices.  Large waterfront (sailing/windsurfing, etc.), art  and trip programs.  One and two week sessions.  Staff of  20-25.  Also offer 6-8 five to ten day wilderness trips through CrystalaireAdventures.
Blue Ridge Camp
Mountain City, GA
Blue Ridge Camp is an activity oriented, coed residential camp. We seek multi-talented, flexible individuals who will focus on each childs healthy, safe, and enjoyable summer experience.
Camp Taconic
Hinsdale, MA
Camp Taconic - a prestigious, family-owned and operated, private, sleepaway camp for boys and girls, ages 7-16 - is located on 100 acres in the beautiful Berkshire Mountains of Western Massachusetts.
Camp Wawenock
Raymond, ME
Camp Wawenock is a full-season, traditional girls' camp in Maine.  Campers and staff hail from all over the USA and many international locations.  Warm, values-based environment.  Great effort placed in preparing and developing staff before and during summer.  Live and work with wonderful kids who will amaze you!
New Jersey YMHA-YWHA Camps
Milford, PA
Six separate Jewish Sleepaway Camps in Pennsylvania serving traditional  children grades 1-11, children ages 7-17 with mild social skill disorders  and Orthodox boys and girls. Kosher food with separate gluten free kichen Located 1-2 hours from  NYC. Excellent facility. Families welcome.
Camp Rio Vista & Camp Sierra Vista
Ingram, TX
Here at Camp Rio Vista & Camp Sierra Vista we are looking for fun, intelligent, and outgoing people to hire as counselors for the summer of 2012! Come join us in the Texas Hill Country on the beautiful Guadalupe river!!
Camp Chipinaw
Swan Lake, NY
Camp Chipinaw is a traditional co-ed Residential Summer Camp located in the Catskill Mountains of New York, 2 hours NW of NYC. Established in 1926, Chipinaw offers a wide variety of arts, sports, adventure, and water activities. Our campers and staff come from across the country and around the world to be part of a thrilling summer experience.
Towanda
Honesdale, PA
CAMP TOWANDA is a private, coed camp in the Endless Mountains of  northeastern Pennsylvania (near the Pocono Mountains) within a 2 1/2  hour drive of NYC and Philadelphia. Land and water sports, the arts  and adventure activities are emphasized.   Staff attend from all over the world. Completion of a minimum 1 year  of college is required. Applicants must be prepared for working long  hours. However the reward is in developing life long friendships and  being a positive role model.
Camp Robin Hood
Freedom, NH
Founded in 1927, the Realm of Robin Hood wanders 200 acres on beautiful Lake  Ossipee at the edge of New Hampshire's immense White Mountain National Forest.  We are a private camp for boys and girls ages 7-16. Separate girls' and boys' programs include riding; all team sports; tennis; riflery; archery; complete waterfront complex; trips; crafts; theater; inter-camp athletics.  1:3 counselor/camper ratio.
College Settlement & Kuhn Day Camps
Horsham, PA
Our programs offer the opportunity for staff of all skills and talents to find a meaningful, educational, fun job.  Our programs are based on respect, personal growth and positive experiences for campers and employees alike.   Our focus is on hiring good people and nurturing them into becoming phenomenal staff members.  We offer a good salary plus many resume enhancing training courses such as lifeguard training,  ropes course facilitation, defensive driver courses, environmental education, organic farming and wilderness first aid.
French Woods Performing Arts Camp
Hancock, NY
On the shores of a beautiful private lake, just 120 miles from New York  City.  Unique program designed for the individual: Theater, Music, Dance, Art, Magic, Circus, Sports, Waterfront, Water-skiing, Horseback Riding.  Staff from across the US and the around the world.  Campers come for one, two, or all four of our three week sessions.  ACA Accredited.
Camp Paivika, AbilityFirst
Crestline, CA
Designed specifically for children and adults who have physical and developmental disabilities.  Campers range in age from 9 to adult and disabilities range from mild to severe.  Traditional activites are designed to meet the needs of each individual: arts & crafts, nature, swimming, horseback riding, recreation, life skills and fine arts.
Winnebago
Fayette, ME
Camp Winnebago is one of the premier boys camps in Maine and the country. Located on 400 acres on beautiful Echo Lake in central Maine, we are a community of 150 boys who come from 20 states and 5 countries and 60 staff. We have a broad program and facilities more in keeping with far larger camps--7 tennis courts, 2 baseball fields, 2 soccer fields, 2 basketball courts, 2 tennis backboards, 2 volleyball courts, 22 canoes, 8 rowboats, 8 sailboats, etc. We provide choice and structure in a program where the campers learn enormously and have a great time while they do it.  They go out on wilderness canoe and mountain trips that range from 2 to 9 days. Staff from all areas of camp life are encouraged, but not required, to go on such trips.   If you work at Winnebago, you will develop and hone valuable skills that will benefit you in future endeavors and is an experience will never forget. At camp, you are influential role model and have the opportunity to change camper lives for the better.
YMCA Camp Campbell Gard
Hamilton, OH
We recruit the best counselors from around the world on the basis of their values and proven abilities to work with children.  Our counselors are led by full time year round professionals.  We background check all of our staff.  Safety is always our top priority at camp.  We offer a staff to camper ration of one to six.
Camp Green Lane
Green Lane, PA
Great facilities, great kids, a great staff, and a great location create a lifetime of memories in just 8 weeks. Full-time cabin counselors+ full-time specialists + full-time adult supervisors = a safe, secure, happy  environment where self esteem and fun are daily companions!
Birch Trail Camp for Girls
Minong, WI
Birch Trail Camp for Girls, located in beautiful NW Wisconsin is a traditional camp for girls. We offer a large variety of land and water sports, climbing, wilderness trips, crafts, drama, horseback riding and much more (you name it-we teach it)! Birch Trail also has one of the country's premier wilderness tripping programs. Birch Trail is a special place where girls cultivate friendships and memories to last a lifetime.
Windsor Mountain International Summer Camp
Hillsborough, NH
Windsor Mountain International Summer Camp welcomes children from around the world to live and play together in a magical place where friendship, creativity and community thrive.  Windsor Mountain is a non-competitive camp that stresses the importance of trying new things, learning and improving skills and respecting differences among people.  Underlying the fun and adventure of a Windsor Mountain summer is a commitment to the personal growth and development of each individual camper.  We focus on teaching respect, responsibility, leadership and appropriate risk taking, while learning through discovery. And, of course, a summer at Windsor Mountain International is tons of fun!
Frost Valley YMCA
Claryville, NY
Located in the Catskill Mountains, NY, Frost Valley YMCA is one of the oldest, largest and premier summer camp programs in the country.  Be part of a staff of 200 professional role models from all over the country and across the globe.  Frost Valley is where it's at!
Camp Lenox
Lee, MA
Camp Lenox is a premiere co-ed sports camp located in Western Mass. We offer specialized top level instruction in Baseball, Basketball, Soccer, Tennis, Watersports, Hockey, and Golf. Established in 1918, Camp Lenox was one of the early pioneers in private summer camping. Over the next 30 years many camps were established throughout the Northeast, bringing the term traditional camping into being. This phrase reflected a philosophy, which built a strong community feeling among campers and staff during an eight week residential program of sports, art and outdoor education.
C5 Georgia
Cloudland, GA
LIFE CHANGING SUMMER EXPERIENCE! C5 GA is looking for young leaders to role model what a positive future and a college education can do. Residential leadership program for metro Atlanta teens ages 12-16. We have a ropes course, 8 acre lake, horses, caving, climbing, and community service. Third year campers spend 13 days in the back country of Wyoming.
Looking for an affordable way to find quality health care staff?
Check out CampStaffNurses You may also want to check CampStaffNurses
http://nurses.campstaff.com Are you a nurse or are you looking for a health care position?
Check out CampStaffNurses
Summer camp jobs for counselors, activity specialists, support staff and key staff at  overnight camps, day camps, special needs camps, sports camps, teen tours, arts camps and more.  Currently recruiting counselor and instructor positions for sports, hiking, boating, pottery, dance, outdoor adventure, horseback riding, lifeguard and many more. An unrivaled employment resource for camp directors to find qualified job candidates for their summer camp program.
