Privacy
Some of the Top Jewish Summer Camps in the U.S.
Literally dozens of Jewish summer camps dot the wilderness areas of the United States and the vast majority offer fun and valuable learning experiences in a nurturing Jewish environment. There are some, however, that stand out from the rest. If you’re looking for a camp your child is sure to love, take a look through some of these top Jewish summer camps.
Camp Modin , Belgrade, Maine
Established in 1922, this camp is the oldest in New England and has decades of experiences providing a great camp experience. Days in Maine’s unspoiled wilderness are filled with sports and arts activities aimed at developing campers social and academic skills, while evenings bring fun and creative ways to cut loose a little. A special feature of this camp is an emphasis on leadership skills for teens.
Camp Louemma , Sussex, New Jersey
Camp Louemma focuses on building kids’ self-confidence and fostering a sense of Jewish identity in a warm, caring environment. There’s also a surprisingly wide variety of activities on offer. Kids can choose from traditional camp sports like baseball and boating or try things you won’t find at most other camps, including frog catching, martial arts, and running a radio station. A variety of retreats are also available through Camp Louemma.
Camp Alonim , Brandeis, California
There’s a relative dearth of residential Jewish summer camps in California, but Camp Alonim makes up for it in a big way. One of the primary goals of this coed, non-denomintional camp is to help each camper find something they can love about being Jewish. Self-reliance and social consciousness in tune with tikkun olam values are also stressed. Activities range from artsy fun like photography and music to thrill-seeker favorites like rock climbing and rope courses. Website includes a helpful page of suggestions on how to make summer camp affordable .
Camp Nesher , Lake Como, Pennsylvania
Don’t think Orthodox kids get left out of all the fun. Camp Nesher gives Modern Orthodox young people a chance to explore a variety of sports and arts while making new friends in an environment that fosters emotional, social, and spiritual growth. The boys and girls campuses are separate, there’s a synagogue on site, and full-time Mashigiach supervises meal preparation.
There are numerous Jewish summer camps out there, each with its own personality, so take a little time to browse before you decide. Just remember that space in many of these camps is limited and offered on a first come, first serve basis. Some, like Camp Louemma, offer early bird discounts. Once you find a camp that looks good, apply as soon as possible to make sure you child gets a spot and you get the best price.
If you enjoyed this post, make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !
Related posts:
