Family adventures start here! [Read More]
In every season, Topnotch offers a variety of popular tennis packages that combine our luxury lodging with lessons, court time, racquet tune-ups, video analysis and more. We can create a specific Tennis Academy Package that fits your family’s needs. Taste of Tennis Vacation Package combines an overnight stay with a multi-level "taste" of Topnotch's favorite sport. This simplified tennis offering is designed for the sports enthusiast looking to try tennis or enhance their skills and is perfect for players of all ability levels. Call our Tennis Center for more details at 802.253.6435. Topnotch Resort and Spa, 400 Mountain Road, Stowe, VT 05672. Toll-free 1-800-451-8686 or online. [Read Less]
Liberty Hotel
Stay with us – we make Boston fun see how. [Read More]
Minutes from the Charles River and its Esplanade, ours luxury hotel offers easy access to a wealth of outdoor recreation, unique shopping, entertainment in downtown Boston. We offer  300 guestrooms, including 10 incomparable suites with river views. Our guests enjoy many complimentary seasonal benefits including use of bicycles, Running Concierge advice,  Saturday yoga session, and guided Beacon Hill Walking Tours. Check our extensive menu of vacation package s including Fenway park, Liberty’s Ducks, and an Aquarium Adventure  in Boston. Massachusetts Boston Liberty Hotel 215 Charles Street, Boston MA 02114. (617) 224-4000. [Read Less]
Howard Johnson Hotel Boston
Located in Central Boston and close to Fenway Park. [Read More]
The reasonably priced Howard Johnson Hotel Boston is located next to Fenway Park and offers comfortable rooms, free Internet, swimming pool, family style amenities, and a central location near top Boston attractions. Howard Johnson Hotel Boston, 1271 Boylston Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02215 Phone: 617-267-8300 Fax: 617-267-2763  Email:  info@howardjohnsonboston.com or visit us online. [Read Less]
Comfort Inn & Suites - Great Barrington
Great family vacation packages all year long. [Read More]
The Comfort Inn & Suites is an upscale hotel in Great Barrington, Massachusetts offering comfortable rooms and fireplace suites, vacation packages and an array of enhanced amenities. Comfort Inn & Suites, 249 Stockbridge Road, RT 7, Great Barrington, Massachusetts 01230 Phone: 888-401-1372 Fax: 413-644-3212 Email: reservations@berkshirecomfortinn.com or visit us online. [Read Less]
Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites - Boston Sports Stay & Play Package.
Experience the excitement of the Boston Red Sox, Boston Celtics or Boston Bruins. [Read More]
Your tickets will be part of the package deal. Stay with us and enjoy our contemporary accommodations, daily, complimentary hot breakfast, free internet access and friendly service. Each of our rooms offers free wireless access, 32" flat screen TV, refrigerator, and coffee maker. Or choose a well-appointed suite featuring a kitchen and living room. Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Boston Garden 280 Friend Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02114. (617) 720-5544 or  online. [Read Less]
Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites - In the Heart of Boston.
Create your own urban family adventure. [Read More]
Our downtown Boston Garden location is just a short walk from Faneuil Hall, and New England Aquarium. Stay with us and enjoy our contemporary accommodations, daily, complimentary hot breakfast, free internet access and friendly service. Each of our rooms offers free wireless access, 32" flat screen TV, refrigerator, and coffee maker. Or choose a well-appointed suite featuring a kitchen and living room. Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Boston Garden 280 Friend Street, Boston, Massachusetts  02114. (617) 720-5544 or online. [Read Less]
Maine - Farm Stays – Free Range Family Fun.
Bring the kids and enjoy life on a real farm. [Read More]
Daily life is fun on the farm, especially when you are allowed to enjoy everything, without farm chores required. Children love to see, hear, and experience all that the outdoor lifestyle of a farm or ranch has to offer. Checkout our farm & ranch stay directory and select the ideal location for your next family vacation. [Read Less]
Massachusetts Farm Stays – Connect with the County Life.
Escape the city and share simple things with your kids. [Read More]
Imagine a place where time moves slowly and things are simple. Escape to rural America with your kids.  Enjoy farm activities like gardening, animal grooming, crop harvesting, and stargazing. Milk a cow; gather eggs or simply slow down and enjoy the quiet. Visit our farm & ranch stay directory view the family vacation possibilities in the countryside. [Read Less]
Vermont Farm Stay - Unplug Your Family.
Connect with the county life. [Read More]
Imagine a place where time moves slowly and things are simple. Escape to rural America with your kids.  Enjoy farm activities like gardening, animal grooming, crop harvesting, and stargazing. Milk a cow; gather eggs or simply slow down and enjoy the quiet. Visit our farm & ranch stay directory view the family vacation possibilities in the countryside. [Read Less]
KOA Boston Cape Cod
Family fun includes the KOA Jumping Pillow, outdoor movie night, tractor-pulled wagon rides and unlimited mini golf. [Read More]
Locate in a countryside setting our Boston/Cape Cod KOA is 15 miles west of Plymouth and 40 miles south of Boston making it easy to explore southeastern Massachusetts including the Cape Cod beaches. Our KOA full-featured family resort includes RV and tent sites as well as one and two-room Kamping Kabins and Kamping Lodges with full kitchens. We offer modern facilities with easy drive-thru access. Family fun includes the KOA Jumping Pillow, outdoor movie nights, a tractor-pulled wagon ride, swimming pool, bike rentals and campfire time. Join us for a delightfully relaxing camping experience. Open all yea [Read Less]
Fairbanks Inn/St. Johnsbury Hotel
Maple Sugar Madness, Corn Maze and Santa packages make us unique. [Read More]
Experience the true meaning of Green Mountain Hospitality and have a small town adventure. St. Johnsbury offers the unique combination of small town charm, rich history, year-round outdoor recreation, and beautiful historic architecture. We offer classic Vermont charm and bed and breakfast style amenities. Relax in comfort in one of our 45 charming guestrooms, comfortable mini-suites, and pet-friendly designated rooms. Enjoy a full menu of value-added hotel amenities including outdoor heated swimming pool, free high-speed wireless internet access, in-room microwaves and refrigerators, cable television with premium channels, and complimentary local calls. Located close attractions like Burke Mountain and Jay Peak resorts, the Green Mountains, the St. Johnsbury Athenaeum, the Maple Museum, Dog Mountain, the Fairbanks Museum & Planetarium, the Great Vermont Corn Maze. Fairbanks Inn/ St. Johnsbury Hotel, Vermont (VT) 401 Western Avenue , St. Johnsbury, VT 05819 www.stjay.com [Read Less]
Comfort Inn & Suites St. Johnsbury
Maple Sugar, Corn Maze and Santa special packages in the Green Mountains. A perfect reunion place. [Read More]
Set in the Green Mountains of Vermont our beautifully landscaped hotel features an indoor heated pool, sauna, whirlpool, sun deck, fitness room, video arcade, laundry, gift shop, and meeting facilities. From the moment you check in, your Vermont vacation begins. You can expect deluxe, 100% completely "Non-Smoking" accommodations designed for comfort and convenience.  You’ll experience elegant bed & breakfast accommodations, family-friendly lifestyle-enhanced amenities, superior service and warm Green Mountain hospitality. From family bed & breakfast vacations and ski adventures to wedding banquets, we have your comfort in mind. Comfort Inn & Suites 703, US Route 5 South, St. Johnsbury, Vermont 05819 online. [Read Less]
KOA Bar Harbor
Stay with us and enjoy restaurants specializing in lobster and blueberry pies. [Read More]
Stay and relax amidst the trees in the rustic woodlands area of the campground, complete with cable TV, cabins and a swimming pool.Amenities include shuttle service to the waterfront and woodland areas of the campground as well as the local area. Newly added is the Outdoor Cinema - Movie Night and the KOA Express Fun Train.  Drive, hike or bike to the top of Cadillac Mountain. Whale-watching and fishing boats are for hire, kayaks are available to rent and restaurants specialize in lobster and blueberry pies. Open May 4 - October 15. Bar Harbor KOA, 136 County Road Bar Harbor, ME 04609 USA. Reserve online or phone: 1 (888) 562-5605 or 1 (207) 288-3520. [Read Less]
China Lake Cabins (The)
Come stay, come play. The perfect all-inclusive family vacation. [Read More]
Located in Maine's Kennebec Valley, in the Town of China, a little over an hour drive from Portland. Three families own and operate this lovely all-inclusive resort. A variety of different sized cabins can fit all sized families. Rates include three freshly prepared meals daily along with snacks. All activities are included in the price plan. Open for guests during the summer weekly, long-weekends and daily stays are welcome. For more information The Cabins at China Lake. 1270 Lakeview Drive, China, Maine 04358. Phone: (207) 968-2581, off season phone: (978) 464-0162. Email: info@chinalakecabins.com. [Read Less]
Holiday Inn Select Woburn
Family Getaway Package - The ultimate Boston family vacation. [Read More]
Stay with us, explore Boston, and enjoy full service amenities including free parking, state- of-the- art fitness room, and indoor pool. Our Boston Family Hotel Package includes: lodging, complimentary daily breakfast buffet for two adults and Kids Eat Free* breakfast, lunch and dinner, two free movie tickets to Showcase Cinemas Woburn located next door, complimentary shuttle to Anderson Station to catch the Massachusetts Commuter Rail, dining at Tony Pilla’s Restaurant. Holiday Inn Select Woburn 15 Middlesex Canal Park Road, Woburn, MA 01801. Toll-free 1-800-722-4175 or www.hotelbostonwoburn.com. [Read Less]
Medomak Family Camp - Never Ending Family Fun
Summer camp not just for kids anymore. [Read More]
Medomak Camp is a summer haven of lake, woods, and fields that is steeped in fun, tradition and simplicity. At camp, your family has the opportunity to unplug, relax and reconnect with what's important - family, community and the environment. During your New England family vacation, adults and children alike enjoy over two dozen counselor-led traditional camp activities such as archery, sailing, fishing, arts and crafts, tennis, campfires, as well as yoga, gallery visits and Maine cheese & beer tasting. Tuition includes accommodation in one of our comfy cabins with private bath, all family camp facilities, equipment and activities, three healthy meals per day, and use of any of the Alden rowing sculls or 4-person shell, along with a professional rowing coach. Let us prove to you that camp shouldn't just be for kids anymore. Camp Medomak 178 Liberty Road Washington, ME 04574. Toll-free 1-866-MEDOMAK (1-866-633-6625), winter (301) 854-9100, summer (207) 845-6001 (phone and fax) or online. [Read Less]
CityPASS  Boston - A Family Vacation Idea
An Easy Urban Family Vacation. [Read More]
Take your kids on an urban adventure filled with patriotism, daring feats, astonishing discoveries, wonders of the natural world, and plenty of discoveries. CityPASS  includes a special invitation for superb treatment and famous food at Union Oyster House, America's oldest restaurant. Boston CityPASS  is valid year round to see six attractions without watching the clock. What’s included? Museum of Science, New England Aquarium, Skywalk Observatory at Prudential Center, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, Harvard Museum of Natural History, John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum. [Read Less]
Hyatt Regency Boston
Reinvent Family Time at Hyatt Regency Boston. [Read More]
We take pride in offering you the best of everything among hotels. Just one block from the Boston Common and within walking distance of countless attractions, shopping and theaters, our downtown Boston hotel is the perfect spot to begin your adventures. Tour the Freedom Trail, shop at Faneuil Hall, visit historic museums, or catch a game at Fenway Park. Delight in the ideal setting of this Boston Theater District hotel – just steps from Chinatown and connected to the T. Contemporary-style rooms, delicious dining, crib upon request, in-room Sony Dream Machine w/CD player, a worry-free experience that delights your senses and kids 18 years of age or younger stay free with parents in same room. Bonus points: We have a great way for guests to enjoy the afternoon outside. Avenue One will pack a picnic of your choice in a keepsake Picnic Cooler Tote and all you have to do is pick it up. We will include a map of picnic locations throughout the city, including: Boston Common, the Esplanade, Waterfront Park, Castle Island, and Revere Beach. Book on-line and save. Hyatt Regency Boston, One Avenue de Lafayette, Boston, Massachusetts, USA. [Read Less]
Green Mountain Ski and Golf Resort
Vacation with us and experience the warmth and charm of Vermont. [Read More]
Vacation with us and experience the warmth and charm of Vermont. In the heart of the Green Mountains, you will experience the warmth and charm of Vermont nestled in this winter wonderland along with the best snow experience in the Northeast and most extensive snow making on the planet. This self-contained resort complex offers spacious one and two-bedroom suites with fully equipped kitchens, fireplaces with complimentary firewood, cable TV, and DVD player. Guests can also enjoy the fitness center with 54-foot lap pool, hot tubs, sauna, eucalyptus steam room, locker rooms, and racquetball court. There is also a full service ski and snowboard rental and tuning shop, mini-mart/deli with video rentals, laundromat, video arcade, and gift shop all located on site. Guests can either walk or take a complimentary shuttle to the lifts. Green Mountain Ski and Golf Resort, 133 East Mountain Road, Killington, VT 05751, 800-336-7754. [Read Less]
Goose Cove Lodge
Free children’s program in July and August [Read More]
Built as a nature camp in the 1940’s no two sleeping places are the same. Choices include three rooms, six suites, 13 cabins.   At the end of Penobscot Bay and adjacent to Nature Conservancy lands peaceful and at the edge of the sea. Activities include kayaking, hiking, sailing, mountain biking, yoga. Bonus points: Free children’s program in July and August. Goose Cove Road Sunset, Maine 04683. 1(207) 348-2508, 1-800-728-1963 or visit our website. [Read Less]
