Olympic National Park
With everything from snow-capped mountains to temperate rainforests to rugged ocean shorelines, this park is a hiking wonderland.  You can wander the 600 miles of walking trails, fish on Lake Crescent for rainbow trout, cutthroat, and kokanee salmon, walk to Marymere Falls, or visit North America's only temperate rain forest. Don't miss the Hall of Mosses Trail and the 57 miles of Pacific coast beaches.
San Juan Islands
These picturesque islands are best explored from the water.  Grab your kayak paddle or hop aboard a whale-watching cruise -- the San Juans are a terrific place to watch for pods of Orca whales, harbor seals, whales, porpoises, and river otters. Set in the rain shadow of the Olympic Mountains, the islands receive half the precipitation of Seattle.
Mount Rainier
This dramatic mountain towers over the region at 14,000 feet.  Take the magnificent Wonderland Trail Loop around the mountain, considered by many to be one of the best in the world. The park includes a historic lodge (the 1916 National Park Inn), Christine and Narada waterfalls, and Relection Lake.  Don't miss the spring wildflowers!
Snoqualmie Falls
See the dramatic, 268-foot  wall of water come crashing down at Snoquaimie Falls.  You can hike the trails leading to the falls base, sample one of the wines at Snoquaimie Winery, and take a 10-mile ride on the Puget Sound and Snoquaimie Valley Railroad.
Columbia River Gorge
Set on the banks of the rolling Columbia River, this area offers first-rate hiking, biking, golf, whitewater rafting, kayaking, windsurfing, kiting, downhill & cross country skiing. The gorge tends to be windy, making it a haven for windsurfers.  You'll also find phenomenal salmon and steelhead fishing.
Tillicum Village , Blake Island
Enjoy the delights of a traditionally-cooked Pacific Northwest Indian style salmon dinner at Tillicum Village, a place that brings this region's Native American heritage to live.  Take the cruise that leaves from Pier 55-56 in Seattle (206-443-1244) for a 4-hour jaunt that includes a narrated harbor tour and the Dance On the Wind stage show, plus time for a walk on the beach or their nature trail.
Leavenworth
Love quaint German villages? Then you will want to take a day trip to Leavenworth. Set northeast of Seattle in the Cascade Mountains, this Bavarian themed village will charm you with its Nutcracker Museum, German restaurants, and shops. Don't miss the Oktoberfest celebration!
Wolf Haven , Tenino
You can see wolves living in their natural surroundings, then make plans to visit on a Friday or Saturday evening for a Summer Howl-In. This nonprofit organization rescues wolves from all outside and within Washington state.  You'll learn about wolf lore, myths and truths, and more. (3111 Offut Lake Rd., Tenino, WA, 360-264-4695)
Walla Walla Valley Wine
More than a hundred vineyards and wineries are making use of Eastern Washington's incredible grape-growing conditions to produce award-winning wines. Clustered around the college town of Walla Walla in the state's southeastern corner, you'll enjoy plenty of magnificent scenery as you drive or bike between wineries.
Seattle Aquarium
See what's hiding underneath the waters of the Puget Sound and the Pacific Coral Reef!  You can explore the hands-on tide pools, see the Giant Pacific Octopus, and tour the world's only aquarium-based salmon ladder. 366 species of fish, invertebrates, birds, and marine mammals call this aquarium home. (Pier 59, Waterfront Park, 1483 Alaskan Way, 206-386-4320)
 
