Summer Ski Camps in North America
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .  Thanks for visiting!
The true reason behind any summer camps is to send the children somewhere where they will not only have a great time but will learn and grow as a person. The summer camp programs usually offer a wide range of outdoor activities to choose from. The important deciding factors in selecting a summer camp is that of the summer camp activity that children will be exposed to during their time away from home. Swimming is a very popular summer camp activity and is likely to be explored if the camp is near a lake. Depending on the location, sailing and canoeing may be another popular summer camp activity that children can enjoy under the close supervision of camp counselors. These experienced individuals will be responsible for coordinating, and ensuring the safety of, every summer camp activity during the entire duration of the child’s stay.
The other option is summer ski camps offered only in a few ski location throughout North America.  The summer camps are usually organized as week long sessions with camp program including on-snow activities (snowboarding, ski racing, freeskiing, etc.) in the morning and a variety of other activities in the afternoon, such as river rafting, mountain biking, hiking, trampoline, wind surfing, etc. We recommend the following places to consider for summer ski camps.
Timberline Lodge Ski Area
Located on the south face of Mount Hood, about 60 miles east of Portland, Timberline Lodge is one of a few ski lodges in the US, that offers year round skiing .  Timberline hosts dozens of summer camps enrolling thousands of athletes throughout the summer with over 1,500 riders on a busy mid-season day. Almost every snow sport is offered in camps. Ski racing is the most popular, but snowboard camps like High Cascade (HCSC) and Windell’s Camp are very popular. Mount Hood Summer Ski Camps have been a mainstay in the summer, hosting campers since the 1970s.
Windell’s Summer Ski Camp
Windell’s Camp offers year-round snow in the mountains and a non-stop, camp fun experience with main activities of snowboard, skateboard, freeski and BMX.  The campers will be guided by the best counselors, coaches and pros to provide a safe and life learning experience in an encouraging environment. More information : http://windells.com
Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort
Whistler is a ski town located in British Columbia, Canada, approximately 72 miles from Vancouver.  The special about Whistler is the two mountains – Whistler and Blackcomb – that offers the greatest vertical/usable terrain for skiing and other winter sports in North America.
photo credit: quinet
Whistler Summer Activities
Whistler Blackcomb offer endless adventure and summer activities.  From a sightseeing gondola ride to a mountaintop restaurant to an alpine hike with 360 degree views; from a bear viewing tour to a glacier walk; there is an activity to suit just about anyone. More information :  Whistler Summer Activities
Whistler Summer Ski Camps
Summer Glacier Camps for 2010 in Whistler Blackcomb include Camps of Champions, Dave Murray Summer Ski & Snowboard Camp, Momentum Ski Camp, Whistler Summer Snowboard Camp, and Planet Ski International.
Children will benefit from a broad ranging and ‘all-inclusive’ summer ski camp activities program. The summer ski camps is good for teenagers, especially the ones that focus on things that are important to teens like growing up and learning about real life and gaining a sense of independence.
If you plan to give a special experience to your children, why don’t you send them to the summer ski camp this year?  After all, whether you go for ski camps or wilderness camps, make sure that the summer camp activities are clearly displayed and you understand them properly to choose the best one from the options.
Incoming search terms:
