places to visit
The warmth of summer is upon us and parents are thinking of ways to keep their young ones occupied. What better way to spend the summer than going to music camps or attending music programs? Not only will it be fun, it will be educational as well. Here are several summer music camps that may be of interest.
Apple Hill Center for Chamber Music - Their annual Summer Chamber Music Workshop held in southern New Hampshire offers musicians of all ages and skill levels the opportunity to study and perform chamber music under the guidance of renowned faculty and supportive peers. Over the course of each ten-day session, students receive personalized coaching, perform in chamber groups, and participate in community activities. Unique to the workshop is the Playing for Peace initiative, a program that brings international musicians to Apple Hill. Schedule of sessions for 2012 are: June 15 to June 24; June 29 to July 8; July 13 to July 22; July 27 to August 5 and August 10 to August 19.
Assai! Performance Institute - Offers a two-week solo performance camp for advanced string students in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, Assai! presents students with the opportunity for intensive solo study, inter-disciplinary classes to become more complete communicators and lots of  performance. Members of the Boston String Quartet will be the resident faculty for lessons and masterclasses, and Grammy winner Mark O' Connor will present a special workshop on improvisation and musical styles.
ArtsAbroad - Headquartered in Virginia, this program takes students abroad for international music, dance, acting and art summer programs. For 2011, their programs include a 4 week "Prague Conservatory Workshop + Central European Tour" which is open to juniors and seniors in band, orchestra or choir students. They also offer a 3 week "International Band and Orchestra Camp + European Tour" open to any high school student.
Benefic Chamber Music Camp at Ball State University - A week-long chamber music camp for string and wind students ages 15 to 20. Activities include daily chamber music coaching, private lessons focused on mastering assigned chamber music repertoire, Guest Artist Masterclasses, Faculty Concerts and Students Chamber Music Performances. Camp takes place at the Music Instruction Building that features the state-of-the-art Sursa Performance Hall.
Blue Lake Fine Arts Camp - Located in Michigan, USA, this is a music camp which offers art, dance, and theater programs. Call them for inquiries or for a free catalog.
Camp Ballibay for the Fine and Performing Arts - Located in Northeastern Pennsylvania, Camp Ballibay offers a variety of programs for children ages 6 through 16. Programs include theater, visual arts, music dance and more.
Camp Encore/Coda - Located in Southwestern Maine, this camp offers various programs and activities to campers finishing grades 3 to 6, as well as campers finishing grades 7 to 11. Classical, jazz, pop, rock & roll, and American Theater music are included in their music program.
chamberSTRINGS Summer Music Workshop - Open to string students ages 8 to 18 of all levels of playing ability. The workshops will be held from July 27 to 31 at the Rosemont School of the Holy Child, and from August 3 to 7 at Simmons Elementary School. Applicants are required to submit an audition recording for appropriate placement.
Comox Valley Youth Music Centre - Offers instruction in classical, jazz, voice and musical theatre. Programs run two to four weeks in the month of July; students range in age from 7 to 22.
Corciano String Quartet Retreat - Scheduled on June 3 to 10, 2012; this music camp will be an opportunity for chamber ensembles of any level to deepen their playing with a week of one on one coaching with London's esteemed Fitzwilliam String Quartet. It is organized jointly by the Fitzwilliam Quartet, Filippo Protani Liutaio, and the Comune of Corciano.
Corfu Rock School - A three-week summer Music and Adventure Camp for kids ages 12 to 17 years old. Participants will travel to Arillas on the Island of Corfu, Greece for a musical and cultural adventure.
Cornish College of the Arts - Offers various summer programs such as music, dance and theater. Their summer music program is open to students ages 12 to 19. Registration is ongoing until June 17, 2011. Workshops are scheduled on June 27 to August 20 at their Kerry hall campus.
Credo Chamber Music - Offers two summer chamber music festivals. The three-week festival takes place at the Oberlin Conservatory in Ohio from July 3 to 23, 2011 and is open to advanced string and piano students age 13-22. The two-week festival takes place at Gordon College in Massachusetts from July 24 to August 6, 2011 and is open to students age 12-17. Both festivals will be taught by a highly-acclaimed faculty.
DAYJAMS Rock Music Day Camp - Open to 9-15 year olds from beginner to advanced levels, even those who have never played an instrument before. The only exception are horn players, who are required to have two years experience playing a trumpet, trombone, or alto or tenor saxophone.
Drum'N Jam Camp - It's a 3 day music camp for drummers and hand percussionists or other musicians wanting to learn more about percussions. Located on California Central Coast in San Luis Obispo and presented by DrumSchool 101. Recommended for ages 9-19, attendees will learn to groove on the drumset, hand drums and hand percussion to a variety of musical styles in both classroom and ensemble setting.
Flathead Lake Music Camp - Offers a high school band camp and choir camp starting on and band camp for Jr. high/middle school students. Scholarships are also available.
Illinois Chamber Music Festival and Summer Music Program (SMP) - Comprises two chamber music camps for around 100 students at the junior-high and high-school level. This year, the Chamber Music Camp will be from June 24 to July 11 and Cello Camp from June 10 to 20, culminating in the Midwest Cello Celebration.
InterHarmony International Music Festival - The festival will be held in Birklehof, Germany; and Sulzbach-Rosenberg, Germany and is primarily for strings and piano students. Participants are given the opportunity to spend up to four weeks in Europe studying with an internationally renowned faculty.
Interprovincial Music Camps - Some of the best music camps in Ontario, Canada, They offer several summer music programs in various genres such as instrumental, rock and theater.
Interlochen Center for the Arts - Located in northern Michigan, this camp offers a variety of programs to students in grades 3 to 12.
Jazz Vermont - This is a band camp for adult musicians playing at an intermediate level.
Kamloops Interior Summer School of Music - Offers different music programs in British Columbia, Canada. Among others they have the Micro Music Makers which is for 5 to 6 year olds, the Mini Music Makers for 7 to 9 year olds and Music Makers 2 for 10 and 11 year olds.
Music Camp At Frenchwoods - They offer a variety of music programs to kids 7 to 17 years old, from one-on-one lessons in voice and instructions on every musical instrument featured in a symphony orchestra. They also have a concert band, a jazz program and a rock and roll camp.
Nash Camp - Offers programs for songwriters, bluegrass and banjo players.
Know of other summer music camps/programs that should be on the list? Email it to musiced.guide@about.com.
Previous
