Enriching & Comfortable Environment
Beautiful Summer Camp Locations
At America\'s Finest Summer Camps, children ages 7 ½ to 15 from all over the world have the opportunity to spend the summer on 100-300 acre campuses on magnificent lakes surrounded by the beauty of spectacular mountain regions.    
The rural settings provide perfect co-educational environments for children to learn new skills, gain independence, make friends, and most importantly, have fun. The facilities at America\'s Finest Summer Camps are among the very best in the United States.
All of the summer camps are easily accessible from major USA airports and cities, such as Philadelphia, New York and Boston. The Camp Directors are experts in international travel and will work with you to make all your travel arrangements. 
Back to top
Summer Camp Safety & Staff Training
Safety is the major priority at each camp. Each summer camp maintains a 3:1 camper to staff ratio. Prior to the summer, employees are provided with comprehensive training programs and any necessary certifications.
All of America\'s Finest Summer Camps are accredited by the American Camp Association and pride themselves on their reputation in the American camping industry as being safe, welcoming, quality programs and facilities… homes away from home.
Back to top
Summer Camp Activities
As part of a daily structured program, during the course of their stay, campers may participate in more than forty activities including a full spectrum of the following:
athletics (with a focus on tennis, soccer, basketball, baseball, softball, lacrosse, fitness, gymnastics, golf and hockey)
waterfront  (swimming, waterskiing, sailing and canoeing)
outdoor adventure (high and low ropes courses, mountain biking, fishing and nature)
creative arts (including drawing, painting, metals, woodshop, model rocketry and radio station)
performing arts (with an emphasis on musical theater, dramatic production, set design, costuming, voice, dance, hip hop, ballet and jazz)
Equestrian programs are also offered at some summer camps. Specialty camps, theater productions, themed days, and out-of-camp trips supplement the fun.   
The action always goes well into the evening, when campers might decorate a sweet creation, go on a scavenger hunt, take part in a game show, perform an MTV music video with their cabin-mates, or enjoy a theater production.
Back to top
International Summer Camps
A sleepaway summer camp is also the perfect setting for international children.  They can immerse themselves in American culture while practicing their English.   
Children come to the United States to attend camp from such countries as France, Spain, the UK, even as far away as Korea, and everyone is welcome.
You will find that each camp typically employs a very diverse, staff consisting of camp counselors from all over the world who are fluent in many languages. The lessons learned by living with others are priceless, and American children are eager to make new friends while learning about other nations.
Back to top
An Enriching & Comfortable Environment
The best summer camps place a great deal of value on friendship, family, and tradition in a warm, friendly atmosphere.  At each of America\'s Finest Summer Camps, campers live in modern cabins that feature plumbing and electricity.  The 8-12 cabin-mates and 2-4 counselor staff members quickly become a summer family.  They enjoy family style meals in campus Dining Halls and come together daily as a camp for community meetings and/or evening activities.    
Whether it\'s for three, four, five or seven weeks, campers form bonds that last a lifetime and leave with a strong connection to the camp community.    
