by Leigh Goessl
Created on: March 18, 2009   Last Updated: April 18, 2011
The Northeastern region of the United States contains some of the most diversified and beautiful landscapes you can ever visit. From the Adirondack Mountains to the beautiful beaches embedded along the Atlantic Shore, there are many wonderful places to explore in the Northeastern section of the US if you are looking for summer vacation ideas.
When determining where to visit, it is important to think about what kind of vacation you'd like. Do you prefer quiet relaxing vacations at the beach or are you always looking for adventure? Do you like to climb mountains and hike through forests? Perhaps you are a history buff?
Whatever your preference, you can find all this and more in the Northeast. However, here are some great Northeastern vacation spots to consider for your summer getaway:
* Niagara Falls , NY
The summer months are a wonderful time of the year to visit the one of the world's top tourist destinations. Niagara Falls is truly breathtaking any time of the year, but the warmer months are more enjoyable because you aren't dealing with the frigid and bitter winters the region often experiences.
There are plenty of parks, museums and other tourist hot-spots surrounding Niagara Falls on both the US and Canadian sides of the Niagara River. Visiting the Falls is never a disappointment, views are spectacular and this beautiful handiwork of nature is definitely worth seeing at least once in your lifetime. A summer trip is the perfect time to see this magnificent wonder.
If you prefer the tourist attractions there are also plenty of these as well, especially if you take a jaunt across the border into Canada. Lots of night life and things to do, just remember to bring your passport!
*Boston, MA
The Freedom Trail, Boston Harbor, Fenway Park and all of the fantastic historical landmarks in and around the city made Boston an ideal place to consider spending your summer vacation. In addition many of the surrounding towns offer plenty to see and do as well.
Aside from the wonderful buildings, landmarks and other places to sightsee, there is great dining and night-life too. Boston is easily a singles' paradise or a family-friendly vacation, so whatever your vacationing style, Boston is sure to be a great summer destination to consider.
* New York City, NY
Any time of the year is a good time to visit the Big Apple, but summertime is truly a nice time to visit. Since the weather is warmer, you can really indulge in the outdoors and explore all the nooks and crannies of the
1
