Browse > Home / Horseback Riding Camp for Girls
Summer Horseback Riding Camps
The Rockbrook equestrian camp program combines qualified staff, experienced horses, and excellent facilities to create an atmosphere where campers can advance their horseback riding skills, expand their horsemanship knowledge, and enjoy riding with friends.
Our horse camp features horses ranging from experienced A circuit show horses, to seasoned beginner ponies, and include a number of horses from St. Andrews Presbyterian College and Sweet Briar College. All of our horses are active in equestrian programs throughout the year.
Our equestrian staff is qualified to teach a wide range of riders. Young beginners play mounted games and get to learn all about their favorite horses, while others may learn to post the trot, or canter or jump. More advanced riders may get to jump through gymnastics or over natural obstacles.
Towards the end of each session we have a game day at the barn for anyone who has participated in our horseback riding program.
In addition to mounted riding lessons, girls can also join the stable club and learn more advanced horse care skills.
Here is a short video showcasing Rockbrook’s riding program.  Take a look and see our horses, and lessons in action!
Cara M. Thompson is the director of the equestrian program at Rockbrook Camp. She received a B.A. in Equine Business Management from St. Andrews Presbyterian College where she served as the Barn Manager and as an instructor for two years. Cara is an Affiliated National Riding Commission (ANRC) rated rider and has many years experience working with horses and teaching riding at summer horse camps.
The Rockbrook horseback riding camps are based on the American system of forward riding, a system used by many top hunter-jumper, eventing, and dressage riders.
When campers select horse riding as an activity at camp, the director considers their skill, confidence, and size in assigning appropriate mounts, riding groups, and instructors. The overall priorities of the Rockbrook horse riding program are safety, fun, and skill advancement.
Read more about our Horseback Riding and Equestrian programs.
Related Camp Posts:
