View from Hotel Tzanjuyu Campsite, Lake Atitlan
Auto Mariscos Sites with Hookups
Antigua, Guatemala Camping Places
Guatemala is the first stop south of Mexico, and in some ways it is the most interesting country in Central America.  Over half the population is Maya, and the country is full of interesting culture, markets, volcanoes, Mayan ruins and  great scenery.  Lake Atitlan is, in our opinion, one of the most beautiful places on earth! The country is divided into roughly two parts: Peten in the northeast, and the West.  You can stay in more or less developed camp sites throughout the country if you plan properly.  Entering from Belize your first stop would be Tikal Ruins where you stay in the in the National Park where showers and toilets are available. This is just a few hours from the Belize border.  A few hours further is Sta. Elena, where we found a good boondock site, but if you want to get to a developed camping area drive a few more hours south to Poptun where Finca Ixobel is a mature eco-tourism resort. A few hours further is Rio Dulce, where you will find Brunos Hotel and Restaurant which has a few spots for smaller RVs.  Larger rigs go to Planeta Rio (formerly Hotel Ensenada) on the south side of the river.
Camp at the "Survivor" Location - Laguna Yaxja
The 2005 version of the Survivor TV show was shot at Laguna Yaxja.    This is a National Park , accessible by dirt road seven miles north of the highway between Santa Elena and Melchor de Menchos.  The turnoff  is 33 miles west of Melchor. The road is passable in the dry season.  There is a large grassy area by the lake with palapas, toilets and pit fireplaces.  We camped here in April, 2006. The lake makes for nice scenary.  We swam in spite of the crocodile warnings. The locals said it was safe!  The ruins are being restored and will rival Tikal when the work is completed.   The  sunset view from the  top of   the temple is  worth the trip.
By-pass Guatemala City
Most Central American capital cities are difficult to drive through and it's easy to get lost.  Avoid driving through if you can, but if you must, consider hiring a local guide.  Thor Jansen gave us a useful by-pass route for Guatemala City.  Let us know of other by-pass routes you find. Send info to Updates@brindlepress.com .
Camping at the Guatemala City Airport (added 4/06)
If you are picking up or dropping off someone at the Guatemala City Airport there is a convenient place to camp directly across from the main terminal.  To reach it, take the arrivals ("LLEGADOS") turnoff and pull in at the second Parqueo (simply signposted "Parqueo").  The first parking lot is day use only.  Overnight parking is Q50.  Coordinates N14°35.4' W090°31.9'.
Camping in the Highlands (added 3/06)
Guatemala's highlands are our favorite place to hang out,especially around Lake Atitlan.  We've added a map here to help orient you.  We have also added some new camping places to those in the book 99 Days to Panama (see upper map). The Inter-American Highway (CA-1) is the main artery running basically east-west in the lower chart.  A number of waypoints are given below if you are using GPS for the trip.  Coming from the North:
Fuentes Georginas is a hot springs resort above the town of Zunil, just south of Quetzaltenango (Xela).  To get there you take the road from Xela to Cuatros Caminos and just a few miles out of town take the fork to the right for Cantel, Zunil,  and Retalhuleu.  Just before  you reach Zunil  there is a sign for "Aqua  Georginas" and a fork to the left climbing a mountain.  It is a narrow mountain road with terrific views and  steep dropoffs.  Meeting other traffic is an adventure.  We were fine in our  22' Class C but I wouldn't try it in anything bigger.  At the top you will find the hot springs "resort". Admission is $11 (2/06) and you can park in their parking lot.  There are also basic cabanas. The attraction is the view, and the warm springs.  Take your bathing suit. There is a basic restaurant open until 7:00 PM. Recent input (see updates ) suggests it might be best to avoid this on weekends!
Corazon del Bosque is a private eco-tourism development consisting of  a large parking area in the woods in front of a restaurant and administrative office. (It is on the Inter-American Highway, CA1, km 145, about eight miles west of the  Solola turnoff. See GPS coordinates to the left).  There's a swimming pool ("baptism pool") next to the parking area. There is a tent camping site a half-mile down a dirt road, and there are many miles of hiking trails into the forest.  You will receive a guide handout with bird identification. What interested us was the large parking area which would be ideal for RVs.  A Peace Corps volunteer (Christina Martin - mobile +502-5541-3467)  is responsible for developing tourism there. She is most interested in adding the amenities that would make it attractive to RVs.  There is already ample attractive parking for  rigs of all sizes.  The cost is Q10 (about $1.25) per night.  "Potable" water is available (never believe that "potable" means drinking water, see Water Treatment ), and  electricity for Q30 ($3.75) per hour.  They say they will install a dump!  There are hot showers. Corazon del Bosque is right on the Inter-American Highway close to Lake Atitlan and Chichicastenango.  Taxis and public transportation are easy to these locations.  A tow vehicle would also be handy to visit the other interesting parts of the highlands from here.  The place is secure and guarded. Considering the difficulty in reaching Lake Atitlan, especially for big rigs (see below), we would recommend making this your first stop in Guatemala if you enter from La Mesilla.  It is about four to five  hours from the border at La Mesilla.
Panajachel on Lake Atitlan has two good camping sites: Hotel Vision Azul and Hotel Tzanjuyu.  Vision Azul is where we stayed  in 2003, Tzanjuyu in 2006.  Vision Azul doesn't have direct hookups (see 99 Days to Panama) but the campsite is right on the water.  Tzanjuyu has electricity and water near the  vehicle, and one  grungy dump site.  You are a little more removed from the beach, but walking to town is much easier than at Vision Azul.  We vote it a toss up.  To get to Vision Azul you need to descend the steep road from Solola to the gas station at the beginning of Panajachel.   Use this as a turnaround and go back up the hill 1/2 mile to the entrance to the hotel.  The entrance to Tzanjuyu is a sharp turn to the right just before  this gas station.  There is a sign advertising "trailer park".
Getting to Panajachel. Lake Atitlan  is my  favorite camping place in Central America (Harriet seems to prefer Trujillo, Honduras).  The only problem is getting there.  The main road through Solola requires maneuvering in very tight quarters to get through the village.  In our 22'  Class C we make it, but sometimes have to jog to get around  the corners. The route is not well signposted.  I think  you could do it in a 26' rig but larger may be impossible.  A back way exists that is steep and winding, but  we know at least one 38' Class A  that came this way. I believe towed fifth wheels have also come this way.  The  back route goes from the inter-American highway to Godinèz  (accent on the last syllable).  See the chart to the left above.  Take the Godinez turnoffor or come from Patzun (depending on your approach direction).
Tecpan Area.  The area around Tecpan on the Pan-American Highway (especially between Km 87 - 88) has several nice restaurants with large parking lots and tourist attractions which would make a good place to camp.  Be sure to ask permission from the restaurant owner/manager and buy a meal in their establishment!  The Rincon Suisse Restaurant at Km 94 is also a possibilty.
Antigua. Antigua is THE place to go in Guatemala if you are a tourist.  Unfortunately it is not set up for RVs, especially big ones. The roads are narrow and there are bollards to keep large vehicles out of the center of town.  We are aware of three decent places to camp as shown on the map to the left.  The Parqueo across from the  market has security and even the possibility of electricity (see comments in updates ).  We stayed in Manchèn Park during Semana Santa in 2006.  It was close to the action and free.  There is no security, however. Although we had no problems, a group of campers staying here in July, '06, had one camper broken into and another had a dent.  Others have stayed at the Texaco Gas station.  There is a sign for an RV park on Calle de Chipilapa (East Side) but when we investigated we found an unfavorable location behind a house which wasn't easy to get to. They said there was a dump, but it turned out to be a drainage ditch.  Other's (in 2008) asked directions at the Tourist Office and found a place to camp in the Tourist Police parking compound  (see Updates) (N14.55520 W90.73941). As of 2011 this seems to be the most popular spot. If you have the Lonely Planet map of Antigua, it is number 108.  It is on 6A Calle Poniente between Calz de Santa Lucia and 7A Av Sur, on the north side of the street.  An alternative is to stay in the  regional park called Florencia, just outside the village of Santa Lucia Milpas Altas (N14:34 W90:41). Coming from Antigua, the park is on the right (east) side of the highway, about 8.9km from the Hwy 10 terminus at the edge of Antigua.  The park is pleasant but not close to the interesting sights  (or sites) in Antigua. The park is hard to spot going southbound on the divided highway.
AUTO MARISCOS is a water park on the main highway from Guatemala City to the Pacific that happens to have nine full RV hookups (Fee is Q60 per person, about $8.00). We could not figure out why, their only RV business seems to come from two or three caravans that pass by each year, and several visits by the German tour bus ROTEL between November and February. It is a very comfortable setup with the hookups, but the noise of the  traffic makes it less than a perfect campsite.  Also, to get anywhere without your rig you need to take a "Chicken Bus" (Camineta) to the next town, Amatitlan, to get a taxi.  They're not able to reliably call taxis for you.  Fare to Antigua is Q300 ($40) and about 45 minutes. On the good side, there is a great wave pool and other swimming pools to cool off in.  La Red RV Park next to Automariscos is a cheaper alternative ($5.50).  It is a little run down but they havehookups.
Bruno's in Rio Dulce
Bruno's Hotel and Restaurant (N15:39.573 W89:00.122).
Water and Electricity.  Bring an extension cord.  $6.50.
Bruno's is under the north end of the bridge over the river.There is a small slip road on the east side of the bridge where the north end of the bridge joins the town. Northbound, make a U-turn immediately over the bridge onto the slip road. About 50 yds. down you can pass under the bridge to reach a gated entrance for Bruno's.The clearance at this signposted underpass is too low for most RVs! Instead, continue about 300 yards towards the water where the bridge is higher from the ground, and backtrack. Comments: Brunos is a hangout for the yachting crowd.
                     
<return to top>
Honduras is Central America's poorest country but we found it  very pleasant and safe. The Caribbean coast provides a nice change from the highlands of Guatemala. The small coastal town of Tela provides opportunities for lounging on the beach and partaking in some interesting tours.  The Bay Islands are reputed to have the best bargains for SCUBA diving, however we could not fly out there with our dog so we stayed on the mainland.
We are aware of two "RV Parks": one near La Ceiba (see Updates ) and another near Trujillo.  We didn't stay in either, but Kirkebride/Regan   stayed in them.  To reach these sites from either the Guatemalan or Nicaraguan border requires two days of travel, so some boondocking is required.  However, nice boondocking sites are available near Guatemala at Copan, and near Tegucigalpa at Valle de Angeles. 
