I agree with these terms Terms and Conditions . *
Please enter the characters above so we know you’re human: *
Loading...
Find the best UK campsites with Cool Camping
To us, camping is all about finding those extra-special places to camp. Our team has spent years searching the UK for the very best campsites in England, Scotland and Wales (and throughout Europe too). Between this website and our guidebook series , you can discover our most-loved campsites. At Tent HQ, we don't judge our sites on the number of showers or electricity hook-ups. We're more interested in the location, the view, the ambiance, and the attitude of the owners. There are an immeasurable combination of factors that transform a regular campsite into a Cool Camping one, but we'll leave it up to you to find out for yourself...
What would you like to do next?
You don't need to subscribe to Cool Camping to use the site, but it's quick, free, and has heaps of benefits, so join us now !
The best UK campsites near beaches
There’s no denying that the beach holds a special place in our hearts. The sensation of sand between toes; the sharp, fresh fizz of cool waves splashing on sun-warmed skin; the salt-scented sea breezes blowing away the cobwebs… All things coastal combine to stir the soul and quicken the pulse.
Tips for camping with dogs, plus the best dog-friendly campsites in the UK
Camping with dogs is cool. Ask who’d like to accompany you on your next camping trip, and we doubt you’ll find a taker as keen as Fido to spend days and nights in the great outdoors, at your side.
Tiny Campsites 2 - available in shops now
The best-selling camping guide – Tiny Campsites – is back for 2012, and has been fully updated in this brand-new second edition. Dixe Wills shares his personal selection of 75 of the best tiny campsites in Britain – every one of them an acre or smaller, and each guaranteed to take you far from the madding crowd.
Luxury camping in the UK and Europe
Do you want to enjoy an outdoor-sy holiday without the hardships of traditional camping? Why not give glamping a try? Glamping offers all the fresh air and beauty of regular camping but with the added trimmings hot-showers, real mattresses and just about any home comfort that you can think of...
We've teamed up with our mates at Tremeer Farm Yurts to offer one lucky camper a short break at this beautiful Cornish glampsite.
Featured books
