site created by: At Large inc.
ActionQuest is not a traditional teen summer camp . We offer adventure programs, adventure trips and adventure camps for teenagers and teen adventure travel and specialize in sailing camps , scuba camps , community service camps , waterskiing, wakeboarding , windsurfing , hiking, trekking, snorkeling and island exploration, as well as many other adventure sports and activities . Accredited marine science camps , marine biology camps and oceanography programs camps are also offered, specifically for teenagers who are interested in learning more about the tropical marine biology . Our biggest teen summer adventure camps are in the Caribbean's British Virgin Islands where teenagers live together aboard 50-foot sailing yachts and sail within a flotilla. We also offer sailing and scuba camp programs for teens in the Caribbean Leeward Islands, Australia , the Galapagos Islands , Tahiti, and the Mediterranean. Each location offers a unique adventure trip experience for teenagers 13-19 grouped by age. All of our teen summer camps and marine biology camps are co-ed, non-competitive, and, with over 30 years of experience in adventure programs , we attract close to 500 teens to our international sailing and scuba camps every year. If you are ready for something new, a summer adventure program unlike any teen summer camp you have ever been to, ActionQuest will provide an experience of a lifetime, guaranteed. In addition to ActionQuest, we offer academic summer camps and programs for teens through the division of Arc Academic Expeditions . Arc Academic Expeditions are teen summer camps specifically designed for mature teenagers seeking an academic summer experience. Arc offers diverse educational and academic summer experiences for mature teenagers aged 15 - 19. all Arc expeditions are international, designed around a core academic, real-time curriculum, one that truly utilizes our world and our environment to bring the subject to life and ignite a passion for learning. In addition to summer camps for teens , ActionQuest also offers programs for adults through the division Sirius Sailing .  Sirius Sailing offers distinctive sail training, regatta experiences and blue water transatlantic sailing opportunities . No other summer camp, marine biology camp or adventure program can offer instruction, trips, camps or adventures for teens to the level and quality of ActionQuest. We invite you to browse through our website for a wealth of information regarding our teen sailing, teen diving, and adventure expeditions. When you're ready to make your summer extraordinary, give us a call and speak in person, contact some students who have sailed with us in the past and enroll in one of our unique programs. ActionQuest is proud to be part of the Global Expeditions Group
