by Patty Inglish, MS
6,329 Followers
Tips and How to Find the Top 10 Best Summer Jobs For Teens in High School and College
See all 3 photos
(Photos this page public domain)
From Dishwasher to Tycoon
He began with a summer job in Jeffersonville, Indiana.
As a dishwasher in a pizza joint, he dreamed of better pizza for the people, so he finally cleared out a broom closet in his dad's pub in 1984 and sold his car and bought used restaurant equipment to prepare his dream for his dad's customers. He became a huge success. Mr. John Schnatter is the founder, chairman, and CEO of Papa John's International, home of Papa John's pizza shops with over 3,000 locations in 49 states and 29 international venues. He began as a dishwasher in a summer job.
Pizza shops hire lots of summer help, so that is a top summer job for teens and college students.
Summer Jobs for Youth from Middle School to College
The best time to begin looking for work for the summer, especially your first summer job, is in January! After that, try to sign up again right away as your job ends in August or September. Or k find out when hiring begins for next year.
Many schools have already let out for the summer by May and there are still a lot of summer jobs for teens and college students available at that time, if you know where to lool. There are also several small business opportunities that teens can pursue that will give them both an income and much valuable entrepreneurship experience.
There is a fantastic website that allows you to search for employment anywhere in the USA by zip code or state. It is called Snag-a-Job and contains a wide range of opportunities in entry level, seasonal, and part-time employment. This is the perfect place to search for a summer job in your hometown, or at your grandparents' place if you are going there for the summer. It is also full of good job resources and articles about work and education, including job search for all ages, from 14 through senior citizens.
Just be careful not to be drawn in by job ads that are really sales pitches to buy a book for $19.95 or $29.95 that lists work at home schemes or secret shopping opportunities. The real jobs in these categories advertise themselves, free to you, and the listings in the books are often out dated. I know this because I have done both of these types of jobs in the past. Thus, the real job you see in the ads is the one the advertiser has in making money by selling you a book! Don't pay to get a job.
Summer Jobs Nationwide - Youth through Adult
