Top level PGA and USPTA instructors, tournaments + a traditional summer camp program.
CABIN LIFE AND TRADITIONAL CAMP ACTIVITIES - GROUPED by AGE/GRADE
CLICK TO EXPLORE
      JUNIOR CAMPERS             PIONEER CAMPERS                SENIOR CAMPERS
Picked BEST Junior Golf Camp and BEST Tennis Camp in America
by Sports Illustrated KIDS
We are All 3 in ONE!
The only true combination kids summer camp offering a professional junior golf academy and tennis academy for kids and teens, with a top qualityJunior Golf School and Tennis School for kids plus a traditional summer camp for coed campers 8 - 17, with the highest professional quality Junior Golf Camp and Junior Tennis Camp instructors. The Maine Golf and Tennis Academy is the 
With campers from all fifty United States and over 30 countries around the world, the Maine Golf and Tennis Academy is the top ranked Junior Golf Camp for kids and Tennis Camp for kids in America.  MGTA provides world-class, professional PGA and USPTA Golf and Tennis instruction in a safe and wholesome summer golf camp environment.  In fact, we're the only golf camp for kids and tennis camp for kids in America dedicated and specifically built for Junior Golf and Junior Tennis instruction.
*** BIG BENEFITS ***
Enroll a friend with The Kennebec Friendship Club .
You choose the balance that suits you BEST
The biggest advantage of our combination golf camp, tennis camp and summer camp is your child's ability to customize his or her mixture of golf, tennis and traditional camp activities, to suit your child's desire, aptitude, skill level, appetite and interests. Campers create their own curriculum. You can play golf or tennis and waterski everyday. Waterfront activities Its up to you. Because the Maine Golf and Tennis Academy offers the BEST of each; Golf Camp, Tennis Camp and Summer Camp; you choose the combination that suits you BEST! Read the testimonials and recommendations  from REAL kids and their parents!
Not all golf camps and tennis camps are equal, as we offer the ultimate summer camp experience for kids. Our junior golf school and junior tennis school accepts boys and girls ages 8-17. We are especially proud of our girls golf program. We are a recognized PGA training facility, official USGA training facility & a 3-surface tennis training center: clay, hard and sand.
We Love What We Do Here!
This picturesque summer camp, originally Camp Kennebec, is nestled along the shores of Lake Salmon, and has been a trusted name camping for over 100 years. This idyllic setting is the platform for us to provide kids and their families with the choice of our wonderful combination of a nurturing, supportive and challenging experience. Our staff loves to take really good care of your camper . We specialize in selecting professional instructors and role models for your child to learn from and be inspired by. These caring and gifted staff attract the nicest families and campers from around the world.  We teach "etiquette before talent" and help your child achieve excellence, though many campers go on to the highest levels of high school and college competition, our primary desire is to inspire excellence for the purpose of developing a sense of confidence and self-esteem. We'll improve your game and improve your sense of pride!  We are confident that:
You Will Love What We Do Here!
Best Golf Camp for Kids and Best Tennis Camp for Kids! Maine Golf and Tennis Academy
The BEST Junior Golf Camp / Tennis Camp for kids in the US with professional Golf and Tennis instruction at summer camp. - QUICK REGISTRATION (207) 465 - 3226
The Maine Golf and Tennis Academy has been selected by Sports Illustrated KIDS, as the best golf camp and separately the best tennis camp in America.  Maine Golf and Tennis Academy is the only camp to be selected twice, once for golf and then again for tennis!
Maine Golf and Tennis Academy Nestled along the shores of Lake Salmon at the site of Kennebec Camps, established in 1907, in the Picturesque Belgrade Lakes region of Maine.  35 Golf Academy Drive North Belgrade, Maine 04917. CALL! 1-800-GOLF-CAMP (465-3226) - From Outside the USA Call 207-465-3226 - Fax 1-207-465-2822
