texas state parks
Texas offers visitors a variety of ways to spend time outdoors. For those visitors who never want to be indoors, Texas has a number of excellent spot to pitch a tent and spend the night under the stars. Whether it is a state park, national park, a sandy stretch of beach or a natural reserve, Texas offers campers a vast variety of areas to choose from.
1. Big Bend National Park
TPW
Designated as an International Biosphere Reserve, Big Bend offers a variety of outdoor recreational activities in a primitive setting. Backpacking, mountain biking, fishing, boating, hiking, nature watching, camping - you name it, if it can be done outdoors, it can be done in Big Bend. There are three campgrounds withing Big Bend, all at an elevation of 1,800 feet or higher. Although there are a number of sites within each of these campgrounds, they fill fast and reservations are required.
2. Big Thicket National Preserve
National Park Service
Covering nearly 100,000 acres, Big Thicket National Preserve was the first such preserve in the United States. The Big Thicket NP is home to a diverse group of plants and animals and plays host to thousands of nature enthusiasts annually. While camping is allowed, there are no prepared campsites in the Big Thicket, so be prepared to make your own.
3. Enchanted Rock Natural Area
TPW
Located just north of Fredericksburg in the Texas Hill Country, Enchanted Rock is one of the largest natural rock formations in the United States, with a dome that rises 425 feet above the ground (1825 feet above sea level). Designated as a National Natural Landmark in 1970, Enchanted Rock is also part of the Texas State Parks System and attracts thousands of visitors annually. Walk-in sites with tent pads and water are available, as are primitive hike-in campsites.
4. Padre Island National Seashore
Padre Island National Seashore stretches from Corpus Christi south some 75 miles to the Port Mansfield Cut - offering some of the most remote seashore to be found anywhere. Semi-primitive campsites are available at Malaquite Beach and provide toilets, rinse-only showers, and picnic tables. Primitive camping with no facilities is available at both North and South Beach.
5. Hueco Tanks State Historic Site
Hueco Tanks offers a variety of outdoor activies, most notably camping and rock climbing. However, one of the biggest draws to this historic site are the prehistoric pictographs that dot the cave walls there. Visitors and campers must make reservations at least two days prior to visiting. Pictograph tours are also avaible by advanced request.
Suggested Reading
