Times Square
Top Pick 2001--New York City, NY
New York City is home to many internationally recognized icons.  Wall Street, the Statue of Liberty, the Empire State Building, and the United Nations headquarters are all found here.  It was home to the tallest buildings in the world, the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center, until September 11, 2001 when terrorist attacks destroyed them.
New York City has over 28,000 acres of parks overall.  The most famous of these is Central Park.  Somewhere between 25 million and 30 million people visit Central Park every year.  A zoo, extensive walking trails and two ice skating rinks can be found in Central Park.    Central Park has been a National Historic Landmark since 1963.
A hodgepodge of cultures exist side by side in New York City.  You can find restaurants for every imaginable cuisine.  The Statue of Liberty was the first sight of millions of immigrants arriving at nearby Ellis Island.  New York City is home of the largest Saint Patrick's day parade in America.
New York City is a global focus of international commerce and business.  One of the main cities in the world for finance, several major international corporations are headquartered here.  Park Avenue has some of the most expensive real estate in the world.  Midtown Manhattan holds the record of having the most city skyscrapers.  Lower Manhattan is home to the New York Stock Exchange, Wall Street and NASDAQ.
Disneyland
The Crystal Cathedral, Orange County, CA
Top Pick 2002--Orange County, CA
Orange County, CA is unique in that there is no one city that is considered the center.  Four of the main cities are Anaheim, Santa Ana, Huntington Beach and Irvine.  Anaheim is know for it's tourism and is the home of Disneyland.  Santa Ana is the governmental seat of the county.  Irvine is the business center.
Huntington Beach is one of the surf capitals of the USA.  It has beaches facing in four different directions, southwest, west, south, and northwest.  The US Open for Surfing occurs here every year.  Other famous events are the biathlon hosted by the Bolsa Chica & Huntington State Beach Lifeguards and the Super 7 Paintball Championships.
Gateway, Linksys, and Activision Blizzard are all headquartered in Orange County, CA.  Western Digital, Oakley, Inc. and Taco Bell are also headquartered here.  Tourism is a big business in Orange County.  The beautiful weather, lovely beaches and Disneyland all combine for tons of visitors.
DuPage River
The Bell Tower has 72 bells and spans 6 octaves
Top Pick 2003--Naperville, IL
Naperville, IL is a small town covering 36 square miles located close to Chicago.  Naperville is home to two museums, many art galleries and a performing arts association.  The best library system in the country is also found here.
This is a family friendly town with low crime rates and outstanding schools.  The Riverwalk bordering the DuPage River covers 4 miles.  A portion goes through downtown Naperville.   The Main Street Promenade is a mix of retail stores and restaurants at street level.  Above the stores and restaurants are condos and lofts.  Walking is a pleasure in Naperville!
The Ogden Avenue Strip is the largest collection of car dealerships in the country.  Every major automobile manufacturer is represented.  Bell Labs and Western Electric are among the many national companies with headquarters in Naperville.  Naperville was known as one of the fastest growing communities in the 1990's.
Charlottesville, a great town for walking and shopping.
Monticello, home to Thomas Jefferson
View from Charlottesville
Top Pick 2004--Charlottesville, VA
Charlottesville, Va is an alluring town nestled in the outskirts of the Blue Ridge Mountains.  The town is home to three past president's homes, the most famous of which is Thomas Jefferson's Monticello.  The largest outdoor pedestrian mall is found in Charlottesville.  The Downtown Mall has dozens of stores, restaurants and attractions.
The University of Virginia is located in Charlottesville, giving it a reputation as an delightful college town.  The University of Virginia Medical Center is world renowned.  The Dogwood Festival held in April is a wonderful week long event culminating in a parade followed by the Dogwood Festival Queens Ball.
Charlottesville is a heaven for readers and writers and hosts the annual Charlottesville Festival of the Book. The Festival of the Book is held to bring readers and writers together to celebrate all things literary.  It has grown into the largest gathering of writers and readers in the Mid Atlantic Region.
