The Florida Keys - Florida
A fisherman's dream come true
One of the most beautiful and interesting destinations in the entire United States is the Florida Keys which are located on the very southern tip of the Florida peninsula. The Florida Keys are a cluster of more than 1,700 islands, though only a fraction of those are sizable enough to be inhabited.
Florida Keys. Photo by: wm_archiv
The Florida keys is a heaven for any fisherman! The warm Gulf Stream current makes it a heaven for all types of fish. There are more species of fish here than anywhere else in the Atlantic Ocean! Charter fishing trips and boat tours can be booked from a number of companies operating in the Florida Keys and this is a great way to see the area in a way that cannot be done from land. There are a number of great beach locations in the Florida Keys where vacationers can enjoy people watching, sunbathing, beach combing, fishing, beach games, swimming, snorkeling, kayaking, and personal watercraft riding. There are a number of wrecks on the bottom of the ocean so when you go snorkeling or diving you can experience these as well!
The islands were first made available to land access by the Overseas Railway in the early 1910s, though it would be almost completely destroyed by the Labor Day Hurricane of 1935. Some remnants of this route were later used for the Overseas Highway, while others are still unused and visible today. Today, one of the best scenic drives that can be had in the entire country is the drive up or down U.S. 1 on the Overseas Highway which is a series of bridges stretching for more than 125 miles through the Florida Keys.
Street performers in Mallory Square. Key Lago, Florida. Photo by: jerthebear
Some of the interesting sights to see in the Florida Keys include the Turtle Hospital, Harry S Truman Little White House, Mallory Square, Key West Butterfly and Nature Conservatory, Dolphin Research Center, Bahia Honda State Park and Beach, East Martello Museum & Gallery, History of Diving Museum, and Fort Zachary Taylor Historic State Park. Spending some quality time in the community of Key Largo and the entire Florida Keys is a great way to have a fun and relaxing time in an incredibly beautiful and totally unique destination.
Florida Keys Sights
