Top US Summer Destinations
Wondering where in the US to go on vacation this summer?
There is no doubt that popular summer destinations in the US such as New York City , Las Vegas, San Diego, Orlando, Washington DC, and Long Beach California are all great places to visit.
best beaches in SoCal
However, if you’re looking for suggestions on top places to visit in the US , or other US summer destinations besides major tourist spots such as the ones mentioned above, how about on the west coast of USA ? If you’re looking for beach summer destinations in the US along the North Pacific Ocean, some of the best places to vacation in the USA are located  along the California Coast and along the Oregon Coast where you'll find lots of great spots for a lovely summer beach vacation.
Things to do over the Summer Vacation in the States  
If you prefer to enjoy a summer beach vacation along the North Atlantic Ocean, you’ll find plenty of options on the east coast of USA .
No matter what your choice is and whether you’re looking for family summer destinations, or quite spots for couples, we’ve got plenty more suggestions for you! Below, we’ve rounded up a list highlighting other top US summer destinations to getaway to:
Williamsburg
Williamsburg VA is, without a doubt, one of the top US summer destinations and one of the most family-friendly destinations in the country.
Top beaches in Virginia
Bush Gardens amusement park is just a short drive from town; while downtown Williamsburg (the largest outdoor museum in the US) is an amazing place where not only you’ll be able to dress up in period clothing, but also part take in interesting pioneer re-enactments.
Oshkosh
Oshkosh  is a great place to visit all year around, but during the summer months, Oshkosh Wisconsin truly comes alive with the annual EEA Airventure show (in late July).
Just about everyone (especially kids) would enjoy seeing aircraft acrobatics and daring plane manoeuvres, and that's what you get at the EEA Airventure, which is easily one of best air show events in the world!
Cleveland
Cleveland Ohio is another fantastic summer destination in the Midwest which is home to many great attractions such as the Great Lakes science center where you can see boasts many interactive exhibits and enjoy lots of hands on activities.
Best of all, Cleveland is located along Lake Erie so, you’ll find many great beaches where you can simply cool off, or enjoy fun water activities.
Anchorage
If you’re looking for an adventure-type vacation, the city of Anchorage in Alaska is another of the top US summer destinations.
Anchorage is one of those destinations that boast the best of both worlds, in terms of city attractions and outdoor opportunities. You can enjoy anything from wildlife spotting to seeing ice glaciers upclose.
Michigan’s Upper Peninsula
There is no doubt that Michigan is one of the top 10 states to visit in the US before you die, and more particularly the stunning Upper Peninsula!
There are many great vacation spots in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, though the town of Marquette and Mackinac Island are, without a doubt, two of the top US summer destinations of choice.
Marquette offers plenty of fun outdoor opportunities such as hiking and biking along Lake Superior; while Mackinac Island offers a great opportunity of reliving life in an 1800’s fort!
Rapid City
Rapid City is another great Midwestern city that has to feature on our list of top US summer destinations!
Rapid City boasts pleasant summer weather, and its location nearby Black Hills national forest makes it an ideal vacation spot to enjoy outdoor pursuits and recreational areas such as the Rapid City’s parks and pool areas.
