Butano State Park
From: Deborah
A FAVORITE place of ours is Butano State Park, just south of Half Moon Bay and very close to Pescadero.  Redwoods and lovely trails.  Very good place for children and adults (and even our teenagers love this place).  Phipps Ranch is about a mile away -- has small animal farm (pigs, ponies, bunnies, birds, rabbits, goats) to walk through as well as strawberry and ollalieberry fields where you can "pick your own." Small roadside market sells beans and fresh vegetables and local honey
China Camp
From: Barbara
China Camp in San Rafael.  Marsh hikes, drive a little way to "private" bay beach and the China Camp museum.
From: Holliday
My husband and I took our niece and daughter to China Camp State Park in Marin County to camp overnight a couple of years ago for a "dry run" before we went to Yosemite. We all loved the place. Campers must walk in which eliminates nearly all of the nuisances generally associated with drive in campgrounds ie. RV's charging generators, loud radios, etc.  The facilities were top notch including flush toilets and hot showers that are cleaned regularly. This was a plus for the girls who are pretty fussy  about those things. The campsites are spaced generously apart in oak woods.  We swam one day in the bay at the China Camp Beach where there are historic buildings and displays about the Chinese Americans who settled there and commercially fished the bay for shrimp. If you are interested  in going to the beach, make sure to wear foot coverings because the  beach is made up of small stones (great skippers) and are tough on the feet. We saw lots of animal life in the campground after sunset several deer, a  gray fox, a family of raccoons, and a skunk. You can make reservations  through Mystix.
Death Valley
Nov 2008
I am thinking of going camping in Death Valley this winter  (Jan/feb/March) with spouse and 3 year old son. Is this a good idea  or bad? If good, any ideas for campsite? Is Furnace creek good...if  so what site? What activities should we think of doing? Hiking or  biking? Thanks for your help! Sarah
Death Valley is our favorite desert and I have been there many  times. When our child was born we purposely stopped going,  because the desert experience is about the beauty of silence and  that doesn't mesh with young kids. Although we love to go camping  several times per year, we were not about to do that with our  routine-dependent toddler, chancing her to keep an entire  campground awake and us stressed out and embarrassed. So we took  her camping since she was 5. Perfect age and we had great camping  experiences with her and she developed her own deep connection  with nature. At the age of 9 1/2 we thought she had desert  maturity and we took her to Death Valley. What a great time we  had as a family and as individuals. It was so worth the wait and  we created some beautiful memories there!
Let me answer your questions: The nights are very cold in the  winter. I have seen countless campers over the years, hanging out  in the diner for pure warmth and light after 5pm. I would  certainly not go camping there with a toddler before March. Check  if they get any snowfall in March. April is better for camping,  but too hot in the daytime and because of that you may also  encounter scorpios and rattlesnakes looking to cool down & hide  in your tent or motel room (told by motel staff who lives there  year-round). We prefer to go in December and we usually check  into the Stovepipe Motel. Once we splurged and paid for Furnace  Creek and it was great too. After playing all day in the desert,  I want to be able to clean up and feel comfy at night. Just adds  to a better experience. If you have the easy type of kid that  goes along with everything you do, count your blessings. If you  have a kid with distinct preferences, for the three year old I  suggest visiting the sand dunes, Scotty's Castle and walking into artist palette right before sunset to  admire colorful rocks. Zabriskie Point is stunning and even nicer  to hike down into, but I don't find that suitable for the  comprehension and condition of a three year old. He will probably  be more interested in walking on the barrier than enjoying the  view. Death Valley has great hikes and sites for adults or  emerging adults from Mosaic Canyon, Ubehebe Crater, Natural  Bridges and more. You could take your toddler to Salt Creek and  Bad Water and the Nature Center, but many things will be lost on  him. He'll be happier playing with his hot wheels and you could  be having the time of your life in this desert without him if you  had a relative at home with your son for 3 days. That's my honest  take on the situation - but it totally depends on what your  expectations are for a trip like that. I love camping in many  places, but in Death Valley I want a motel. Heike
Camping in the Grand Tetons
June 2005
Ever since reading about them in a novel, I've wanted to go to the Grand Tetons. I'd like to camp there Summer 2006, maybe for a week. Has anyone done this? Do you have campgrounds to recommend? Other things to know? How much bearproofing do you need to do when you're in a campground? My son is 5 and we love to hike and paddle in our inflatable canoe (Tahiti K). Also, I'd like to do this as cheaply as possible. Thanks! Jennie
We took our 17 month old to Grand Teton NP last July and it was great.  We camped at Jenny Lake campground which is really nice and pretty centrally located.  According to books we read, it's hard to get a site there but we cruised in on a Tues/Wed? mid-morning and found what we later realized was one of the ''best sites'' in the place, though many were great.  It's near a boat launch which crosses Jenny Lake so many hikers stay around there before taking off for overnites.  Oh, it's tent only which is much nicer if you are in a tent.  Sunrise at the lake was magical.  Take the boat across the lake and hike Cascade Canyon-one of our favorite spots on a month long trip through the Northern Rockies. As for bears, they have bear lockers in each site AND they let you keep food locked in your car.  We were surprised when they told us we could keep it in our car (we're used to the Sierras where that's a no-no) but I guess it works for them. Have a GREAT time (you will). Teton Lover
Olema Family Campground
From: Lynn
My children and I have spent many a weekend at the Olema Family Campground and have really enjoyed it.  It isn't a beautiful, scenic, out of the way place, but it is right next to Pt. Reyes which is. There are hot showers, a playground, small store, and nightly campfire entertainment (stories and singing) right there.  A laundromat, another store and deli as well as a great restaurant are all within short walking distance.
They can be reached at (415) 663-8001.  They have a web site at www.campgrounds.com/olemaranch.
Olympic National Park
June 2008
I'll be heading to Olympic National Park w/my husband and twin  3.5 year olds.  Our plan is to tent-camp 4 nights. I've never  been there and would like to get an idea of a good place to stay  and things to do (short - 1 hour long hikes).  I'm intrigued  with the rainforest area, but would love to hear any  recommendations about all of the park Nancy
There are good car camping sites in the Hoh Rainforest and at Kalaloch.   Both areas have short hikes.  The Hoh has a great junior ranger  program.  Kalaloch is on the beach.  We have spent time there every  spring since my daughter was about 2 years old; we both love the area  very much.  Have a great trip! Rita
Pinnacles
July 2003
We'd like to go camping around the Pinnacles in the fall. 1)How's the weather there in Sept.?  2) I've heard the West entrance is more kid-friendly and you can  see more without hiking long distances.  Do you agree? 3) There's no camping within the parks, but a few campgrounds  not far from the park.  Any advice re: which campgrounds are  nice? We're looking for somewhere quite, with firepits, ideally  with toilets/showers, kid-friendly.  4) How long is the drive, from your experience?
www.pinncamp.com is your campground.  Their website will tell you which campsites have morning or afternoon shade and you can see on the map how far they are from the showers (pay showers, near the pool) and camp store.  PinnCamp does allow dogs, but dogs aren't allowed on Pinnacles trails though so leave your pooch at home. Pinncamp limits your campfires to charcoal and duraflame logs during the fire season to cut down on the chance of a wild fire, so plan your meals and evening time with that in mind.  Most sites have a firepit and picnic table but not necessarily a BBQ grill.  The sites are mowed weeds, this is NOT a KOA.  The creek does not flow, so don't pick you site thinking the kids can play in it.  There are wild boars, racoons, deer, quail and hares.  The boars are only out at night, I've never had a problem with them but roll up your car windows or you'll have a raccoon inside.  As to hiking in the park itself, I see lots of young kids up at the reservoir (no wading or swimming allowed) and that's a decent hike.  It can be hot in Sept, plan to take shady breaks and bring full water bottles.  There's plenty of Poison Oak so teach your kids how to identify. a rock climber at Pinnacles
Pomo Canyon Environmental Camp
From: Judy
Another camping suggestion (almost car-camping): We camped at the Pomo Canyon Environmental Camp (part of the California State Park system), near the coast and the Russian River, a few weekends ago. There weren't a lot of kids around, but our 3-year old daughter loved it (and so did we!)  It's a walk-in campground, which we consider the best of both worlds--almost as convenient as car camping, but much nicer because there are no vehicles in the camping area. (Though you need to pack slightly efficiently if you don't want to walk back and forth a million times to bring in your stuff.) Many, but not all, of the sites are quite private. The drive was a little over 2 hours. (To get there, you turn off of route 1 onto Willow Creek Road, which is just before the Russian River. It's about 3 miles down the road to get to the Pomo Canyon camp.)
Here's the (true) description (found at www.mcn.org/1/rrparks/parks/scsb.htm ): "Pomo Canyon Environmental Camp - $10 per night, $5 day use. 20 campsites with fire rings, picnic tables, pit toilets and running water nearby. Campsites are within 1/4 mile from the parking lot, one is disabled accessible. Camps are set in a beautiful redwood grove among the ferns. A three mile trail to Shell Beach takes off from the campground, crossing seasonal streams and rising up into the grassland with marvelous views of the river and finally the ocean. To protect the wildlife, no dogs are allowed. This campground is not on the reservation system."
We went up early on Friday, arriving at the campground around 3 pm. Of 21 sites, there were only 4 left at that point. Everything was gone by 4 pm. The hike to Shell Beach was also wonderful, but make sure to bring lots of water, and be sure you (and any kids that are walking) know how to identify poison oak. (None of us got poison oak but we definitely had to be aware of where we were walking and what we were touching for large portions of the hike; there was no poison oak in the camp area.)
Van Damm State Park
From: Diane
we went to Van Damm State Park which is near mendocino.  It was a really nice camp ground and with lots of hiking.  It's also just across the street from the beach.  We took our son who had just turned 8.
Two places I like to camp with kids.  Its car camping
Del Valle in Livermore
Caswell Memorial state Park in Ripon, CA (1.5 hours from Oakland, right  outside of Tracy).  Swimming in Stanislaus River, great camping sites, hot  showers, just really nice and shady..  Cindy
Places to camp with children and dogs
June 2008
Is there anywhere around here--within a few hours, say--where I  can take my dog camping and actually go on trails?  There are  some places dogs are allowed in campgrounds, but not on trails,  which doesn't do me any good.  I went to www.dogfriendly.com but  it wasn't helpful.  Anyone? Dog Owner
Most places along the coast are picky about dogs. We head  inland with ours. Most of the Sierra's are dog-friendly. Lake  Tahoe is a good one, or any of the national forests. Our  favorite areas are along RT 108 in the Sierras (Sonora Pass).  LOTS of camping and hiking and it's all dog friendly. If you  like car camping, there's Pinecrest Lake. If you want  something more private there's lots of that too. Google  Sonora Pass camping. OH - and it's not foggy there. Enjoy!
This may be pushing the ''few hours'' mark, as it'll take 4  or so depending on which trailhead you choose, but Mendocino  National Forest is my favorite place to camp with the pup. I  can't wait until my son is old enough to head back up there.  This is not to be confused with Mendocino - it's inland, not  too far from Ukiah. You'll need to visit a ranger station to  get a campfire permit. You can actually camp in a large  campground near one of the ranger stations the first night  and then hike out from a trailhead in the morning, as one  option. The area we frequent is more pleasant in the spring,  but it's a huge park so I'm sure that varies. You can get a  detailed trail map at REI. Wherever you end up, please enjoy  it a little extra for me! Jealous (and my dog is too)
check out www.bluelakesrental.com  . 2 hours from here,  springfed lake, not pricey. hiway 20 is across the lake and  is a buzz, but we traded that for privacy, dogproof house and  hiking nearby, plus the fish are huge and there are a lot of  birds.- no power boats- not like the big lake at all. geneandsharona
2001
I'm considering going on a long , 2-4 week camping trip with my 1 year old,  3 year old, and 2 dogs. I'm looking for somthing within maybe 3 hours of the bay area. I'm trying  to avoid a typical campground because I would like to be able to let my dogs run around. Any suggestions? Allegra (2001)
Have you seen the website for DogFriendly.com, which gives campgrounds,  hotels, and all sorts of travel info. http://www.dogfriendly.com/ Stefanie
If you want to car camp outside of a campground you can camp freely on  national forest land. Try some of the dirt roads in the forests. Some need four wheel drive but  not usually. Some places I have camped at are: the road to Levitt lake off the top of Sonora  pass ( highway 108 in the Sierras). It has a small river which comes out of the lake you can  camp along. The lake is beautiful at 11,000 ft but to cold for swimming. Also the road to  Virginia Lake on the eastern side of the Sierras off of hwy 395. Here we camped in the trees below the  lake along a meandering stream and meadow. You can hike past the lake to the upper valleys and more  lakes. People fish in Virginia lake but it's not much for swimming. Another closer place is near  Utica Reservoir in Stanislaus National Forest. This is a beautiful setting but more crowded with great  swimming and fishing. There are other reservoirs in the immediate area as well ( Union I think). All of  these are at least three hours or more from Berkeley. They are all much better for dogs than a campground.  Get a Northern California "DeLorme" (spelling?) map from REI. Look for small roads within national  forests land, near streams and lakes, go explore. You will need fire permits. Keep it clean. I have also  looked for very short backpack trips which I have taken my kids on and know some of those if you are  looking to get away from the crowds. Have fun   Lynn
Home   |   Post a Message   |   Subscribe   |   Help   |   Search   |   Contact Us    
this page was last updated: Apr 12, 2011
The opinions and statements expressed on this website  are those of parents who subscribe to the Berkeley Parents Network .
Please see Disclaimer & Usage for information about using content on this website. Copyright © 1996-2012 Berkeley Parents Network
