Lake Tahoe Regional Parks
Many of the regional and state parks around Lake Tahoe offer phenomenal Lake Tahoe camping facilities!
Lake Tahoe Regional Parks  are a fantastic place to go camping, and offer many wonderful services and hiking trails. Be sure you check a few of these spots out before you get on the road, if you plan on camping in Lake Tahoe. Make sure you check out their fishing regulations and wildlife rules, so you don't get into too much trouble with the local rangers. This can definitely ruin a trip.
Hiking in Lake Tahoe : Hiking and biking on trails is one of the most exciting things to do in Lake Tahoe. The Tahoe Basin is essentially a spiderweb of hiking trails. Check out our trails by region page for more detailed information about the most popular hikes around Tahoe. If you don't have time for a long, strenuous adventure, check out these popular short hikes . Also, take a look at our trail book maps  for PDF topographical maps and more. Find all you need to know about Lake Tahoe, here on Tahoe's Best!
If you plan on camping in Lake Tahoe, horseback riding is another fun activity for the entire family. Check out these popular horseback riding trails in the Lake Tahoe region and start planning your next Tahoe adventure today! Also, the Camp Richardson Corral has stables where you can conveniently reserve guided horseback tours while you are camping there.
Acker RV Rentals
...Click here for more
Lake Tahoe Camping, California and Nevada, Wa She Shu E Deh (Washo lands), Wa She Shu (the people)
Lake Tahoe was the center and heart of Washo Indian territory, including the upper valleys of the Walker, Carson, and Truckee Rivers. They called this area "Da ow a ga", which means "edge of lake". When early pioneers came they mispronounced this word, saying "Da ow", it later evolved into what we call it today, Lake "Tahoe." The Washo Indians told many great tales to their children, from which they learned about their lands and heritage. Of these tales, there are many about Lake Tahoe...
Choose Region
