Wolf Creek Dam
Kentucky Campgrounds
If you're looking for some summer relaxation that the entire family will enjoy, consider staying at one of the many campgrounds in Kentucky that promise a variety of fun recreational activities and a chance to take in the beautiful scenery that characterizes the bluegrass state.
Kentucky state parks are popular places to go camping.    They offer some of the cleanest campgrounds in Kentucky    and are generally very affordable. The Lake Cumberland    State Resort Campground in Jamestown is best known for    the array of activities that it offers its campers. Fishing    swimming, canoeing, and miniature golf are just some of    the activities that campers can look forward to. Camping    at this park is most popular in July and August and closes    from November to March.
If your idea of a good campground includes amenities that you are used to at home, consider renting an RV and heading to the Lake Cumberland RV Park.  The park features an indoor heated pool, wireless internet service, and many of the campgrounds are equipped with TV outlets.  In addition to the many golf courses in the Lake Cumberland area, the campground also offers a driving range that allows campers a chance to practice their golf swing before heading out to the golf course.
If you're looking to do some cave crawls on your next    trip to Kentucky camping trip, consider pitching a tent    at the Carter Caves State Park Campground in Olive Hill.    Carter Caves is chalk full of fun activities, such as    cave walking tours and    canoe trips on the lakes and rivers in the area. Within walking distance to the campground    is a 9 hole golf course and a restaurant. Visiting the    campground during Halloween weekend is fun for a weekend    of spooky weekend Halloween festivities and ghost stories.    Unlike other Kentucky campgrounds, much of your time will    be spent underground exploring over 20 caverns. A 30-foot    underground waterfall called Cascade Cave is a breathtaking    natural wonder, as is the X Cave where visitors can learn    how the earth has shaped the cave for the millions of    years.
Kentucky camping near lakes and rivers provides excellent opportunities for fishing and boating.  At the Big Bear Resort on Lake Kentucky, campers can look forward to fishing, boating, and swimming in a family friendly atmosphere.  There are campsites located right on the beach or inland campsites.  If tent camping isn't your favorite style of accommodation, condos and cottages are available to rent.  There is also a place in the campground for RVs, complete with full electricity hookups.  The campground is considered one of the least rustic of all campgrounds in Kentucky.  Long are the days of going without a hot shower on a camping trip.  At Big Bear Resort campground, campers can look forward to hot showers and other modern facilities.
Kentucky Travel Forums
