5.   High Sierra Music Festival - Quincy, California - July 5-8, 2012
High Sierra Music Festival
This year the High Sierra Music Festival is celebrating its 20th anniversary.   The four-day festival features an eclectic mix of some of the most famous national and international names in jazz, newgrass, bluegrass and other improvisational music forms such as jamband music. Other represented genres include funk, afrobeat, electronica, and roots rock.
Music aside, the festival has plenty of activities for patrons to participate, such as a kid zone, outdoor playshops, parades, fire performances and more.
Headliners
Ben Harper * STS9 * Railroad Earth
Camping
Camping is included in the price of the multiple-day festival pass and is designated on a first come, first served basis. When on-site camping is at capacity, off-site camping is assigned, with shuttles running regularly between off site campgrounds and the festival.
RVing
On-site and off-site RV parking is available at the festival. On-site RV parking is only available with the purchase of the Premium FestivAll Pack 3. Off-site RV parking is "dry camping" only but it is an easy stroll to the showers and festival entry gates.
6.   All Good Music Festival and Campout - Legend Valley, Thornville, Ohio - July 19-22, 2012
Crowd enjoying the All Good Music Festival
In recent years the All Good Music Festival has expanded its musical repertoire. Formerly a jam and folk festival, the festival has become more eclectic and exciting with the addition of hip hop, bluegrass, funk and rock are now being represented.
The festival is located in an idyllic setting, with the main stage sitting at the bottom of a natural amphitheater, with the beautiful mountains of West Virginia serving as the backdrop.
Headliners
The Allman Brothers Band * Phil Lesh & Friends * The Flaming Lips
Camping and RVing
RV parking and regular camping at the All Good Music Festival is a treat. All sites are on-site and sit upon Marvin's Mountaintop, which has 655 acres of privately owned land offering serene and secluded rolling hills and a panoramic view that overlooks the Allegheny Mountains.
7.   Gathering of the Vibes - Bridgeport, Connecticut - July 19-22, 2012
Gathering of the Vibes Music Festival
Gathering of the Vibes brings together a collection of bluegrass, reggae, and jam band artists - including living members of the Grateful Dead - for a four day camping and musical festival on the Long Island Sound in Connecticut.
Headliners
Primus * Phil Lesh & Friends * Bob Weir & Bruce Hornsby
Camping
Camping is in Seaside Park, which is on the water, and also happens to be where the stages are!
RVing
Camping is in Seaside Park, which is on the water, and also happens to be where the stages are! RV passes are currently sold out; however, in the case of unfulfilled reservations, Gathering of the Vibes maintains an RV waiting list .
8.   Oregon Jamboree - Sweet Home, OR, August 3-5, 2012
Oregon Jamboree
At the Oregon Jamboree top notch country musicians play to energetic crowds in a park like setting in the foothills of the scenic Cascade Mountains.
Headliners
Rascal Flatts * Dierks Bentley * Wynonna Judd
Camping and RVing
Camping and RVing sites are available in several areas surrounding the festival site. Water and toilets are provided. Showers are available at select campgrounds and shuttles run between many of the campgrounds and the main festival site.
9.   Walnut Valley Festival - Winfield, KS - September 12-16, 2012
Walnut Valley Festival is all about contests
Walnut Valley Festival is notorious for attracting top notch talent. In 1999 the International Bluegrass Music Association named the Walnut Valley Festival as its very first "Bluegrass Event of the Year" award winner. Like many other folk festivals, Walnut Valley draws a healthy dose of amateur musicians; approximately half of Walnut Valley campers bring a musical instrument to the festival. The result is some of the best "picking" in the country, with jam circles that range from Texas swing, to gypsy jazz, straight bluegrass, to old time, and everything in between.
The focus of Walnut Valley Festival is on the contests, such as the National Mandolin Championship, rather than on big names. For a small entry price anyone can enter. You need to play an instrument acoustically into a microphone for a maximum of 5 minutes and have 4 different plays. The contests are what make the Festival so unique.
Camping and RVing
Camping is on-site for tent camping and RVs, with 800 plug ins. Showers are available, as is firewood and an RV dump station.
10.   Telluride Blues and Brews Festival - Telluride, Colorado - September 14-16, 2012
Telluride provides the perfect concert backdrop
The Telluride Blues & Brews Festival takes place in Telluride Town Park, a renowned outdoor music venue with breath-taking mountain peaks for a backdrop. When B.B. King performed there in 2004, he sat on this same stage, looked out at the mountains before him, and told the crowd, "Out of the 90 different countries I've been to, I've never seen anything more beautiful than what you have here."
At night, after the music ends in the park, the festival scene moves into the various music venues located throughout the town of Telluride. Once these "juke joints" get jamming a walk down main street feels like a walk down Beale Street in Memphis.
Headliners
To be announced late Spring, early Summer.
Camping
Festival camping is located in the Telluride Town Park Campground, adjacent to the festival grounds. Campsites are first-come, first-serve. The Campground has beautiful views and is right off the main street.
RVing
RV camping is allowed at the Campground but you need to buy an RV pass in order to do so. If you don't buy an RV pass you can drop your camping gear off at the campground and park your RV in a designated parking lot off-site.
If you cannot get into Telluride Town Park Campground there are 10 other campgrounds and RV parks near Telluride Blues and Brews Festival .
Copyright ©2012 Camping Road Trip, LLC
Read campground and RV park reviews to help you find the perfect place to stay.
 
