Contact Us
Big Sur - looking north from Hurricane Point
Welcome to Big Sur, California. This is the official, complete, and definitive travel guide to all lodging , camping , restaurants , gift shops & art galleries in Big Sur. You are at the ultimate travel resource guide to California's central coast.
It's time to plan your spring/summer vacation and getaway to Big Sur. Wildflowers are blooming, California Gray Whales are migrating north along the coast with their young and California Condors are flying overhead throughout Big Sur. California Sea Otters are rafting in the kelp beds. These are just a few of the natural wonders that make Big Sur a great place to visit. Come on out and watch the natural magic unfold before your eyes, or create your own.
The Monterey Bay National Marine Sancturary is a Federally protected marine area offshore of California's central coast. Stretching from Marin to Cambria the MBNMS encompasses a shoreline length of 276 miles and 6,094 square miles of ocean.
From Big Sur luxury hotels and spas to rustic creekside campgrounds we believe Big Sur offers The Best in a wide variety of possibilities and we think you'll agree. Join us for a romantic getaway and come share with us one of the most spectacular coastlines in the world.
Big Sur blog with Highway 1 information
The Big Sur Chamber of Commerce extends congratulations to three of their members; Post Ranch Inn and Ventana Inn & Spa for garnering some of the highest rankings in the Travel and Leisure top 500 hotels in the world. Post Ranch Inn recieved the highest ranking of all hotels in California (#1). Treebones Resort is one of the 10 best coastal eco-resorts in the world, according to Coastal Living magazine's April issue. More in In The News .
Big Sur, offering the best lodging in Monterey County and the best lodging in California. Big Sur also offers the "Best Restaurant in California."
Highway 1 through Big Sur designated American National Scenic Byway & California Scenic Highway, an honor reserved for highways that are so distinctive they are destinations unto themselves. Caltrans has created a toll-free hotline for road conditions for Highway 1 in Big Sur. Call (888) 836-0866 for information about traffic delays and road closures.
AWARDS & RECOGNITIONS:
Traveler's Choice 2011 Award Winner for Top 25 Destinations in the United States. Big Sur was voted #18.
In other awards, Big Sur was voted "Best Place to Play Hookie," and "Best Romantic Getaway." Big Sur is also home of the "Best Marathon in North America" and the "Best Hotel in North America." Adding to our 'best of' list, Big Sur is now home to the "Best Restaurant in California," per the Zagat Survey. National Geographic Traveler listed Big Sur as one of the "50 Places of a Lifetime/The World's Greatest Destinations." Playboy Magazine rates Post Ranch Inn as one of the "sexiest" places on earth (Feb. '07). Consistently a 'top pick' for weekend getaways and fantasy vacations." Home to Traveler's Choice "Ten Greenest Accommodations in the World" award to Post Ranch Inn which ranked #3 in the world for greenest hotel, which gives them the #1 ranking for greenest lodging in Big Sur.
Local Hiking
From beaches to mountains... Hike along the streams in the cool, tree lined valleys. Climb up on the high ridges for a spectacular view of the coastline on the western slope and gaze into three million acres of wilderness in the Los Padres National Forest on the eastern slope.
Evenings offer the opportunity to dine in restaurants from fanciful to exquisite. Relax in lodging that ranges from rustic to luxurious. Camp out in the many well equipped campgrounds. Luxuriate at the local health spas. And of course one of the favorite past-times of Big Sur, Do Nothing!
That's right. Relax and take in the magnificent beauty of Big Sur. Once you are here there is no reason to do anything more. Replenish your spirit by simply absorbing the weepingly beautiful vistas of Big Sur. Do Nothing in Big Sur and leave refreshed and rejuvenated from head to toe. Big Sur has been here for millions of years. We don't have that luxury. Make your reservation today!
It is here in Big Sur that I first learned how to say Amen
~ Henry Miller
Local weather information for Big Sur including hourly forecast, averages and records, and detailed forecast. Evenings can offer spectacularly clear skies, which are perfect for star gazing. Bring layers of clothing because at this time of year it can be sunny in the afternoon and very cool in the evening.
BIG SUR HIGHWAY CONDITIONS
CalTrans has created a toll-free hotline to provide information about traffic and road conditions on Highway 1 from Cambria to Carmel which encompasses all of Big Sur. The hotline will be updated as needed with information about construction, traffic delays and road closures. Call (888) 836-0866.
For information about all highways in California you can check  conditions through the California Department of Transportation or by calling (800) GAS--ROAD (427-7623) within California and (916) 445-7623 from outside of California.
