View Larger Map
The United States really has quite the range of geology. Arizona and Utah have canyons , Hawaii its volcanoes , New Mexico and other states their deserts, and there are mountains all over. The Berkshire Mountains in Massachussets are thought of as a place to go in the winter and ski, but this area has a bountiful summer scene happening and it’s way less crowded and cheaper. There’s much to do in the local area that is rich in art and theater, and this is where many actors such as Gwyneth Paltrow honed their acting chops on summer stock stages.
It’s a heavenly place to be if you’re interested in experiencing nature, and the best way to do this is to skip the hotels and head right to a camp site. You’ll have a chance to cozy up with folks from all over the country who happen to be perfectly happy sitting around a fire at night. If you’ve got kids, these are the kinds of vacations that they remember well into adulthood. The fall is a particularly beautiful time to go, as you have the opportunity to see the trees in their autumn splendor.
Give these campsites a chance if you’re you’re looking to stay in the Berkshires:
Mount Greylock State Reservation : For campers that truly like to rough it, Greylock is it. This is the tallest point in all of Massachussets, and the view from the top is astonishing. We’re talking no bathrooms and no showers. You are able to bike, hike or drive to the top of the peak, where there is a look-out tower which makes for postcard quality photos. You’re also just down the road for Jiminy Peak, which has a great alpine slide all the way down the mountainside that is truly fun. Do not be surprised if you are joined by a family of black bears while you are sleeping.
Berkshire Park Campground : Hikers love this campsite, as its close to Spring Trail. Nearby you’ve also got whitewater rafting on the Westfield River and great fishing. There’s nothing fancy about the place, and is your all around solid campground like you remember when you were a kid. There’s showers, playgrounds and a pool for the children to keep busy with. A laundry facility allows you to get your clothes clean before you head home.
Peppermint Park Camp Resort : Big camp sites in a pretty setting are the attraction here. People like it so much, that there are folks that keep their trailers permanently moored in the place like a vacation home. You get full ultility hook-ups and a barrage of weekly activities like bingo and wagon rides. There’s a full slate of amenities like a pool and baseball fields, too. This is the more sophisticated of the camp sites, and offers booking online.
Bonnie Brae : The place is owned by the Smith family, and camping really doesn’t get simpler than this. There isn’t much in the way of amenities other than a small pool and hot showers. For those of you that don’t enjoy sleeping on the ground in a tent, Bonnie Brae offers rustic cabin or trailer rentals.
