October 11, 2010
Best Places to Camp in the Fall
Choosing where  to camp during the fall can become an overwhelming task, since there are so many places to choose from.  Going on vacations should be as easy and stress free as possible, therefore, having some of the most popular ones picked out for you and listed below, may help make your search a little less complicated.
Depending on where you live definitely plays a major role in where you choose to camp.  An unexpected, yet beautiful area during the fall would be the states located in the Southwest area of the United States.  Therefore, if you are located in this area or plan on going there for your next camping trip, you may want to consider some of these amazing desinations below.
Most people may assume that Arizona and New Mexico are mostly desert, but this is not the case. There are so many beautiful colors to take in when visiting these areas in the fall, including Northern Arizona near Flagstaff and Sedona, and on the mountains in New Mexico; Jemez and Sangre De Cristo Mountains.  Some specific camping areas in Arizona are, Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument, Ashurst Lake/Forked Pine, Cave Springs and Pine Flat and Bootlegger.  In New Mexico you can find, Organ Mountains Recreation Area, Fawn Lakes Campground, Elephant Rock Campground and City of Rocks; among many, many other beautiful areas to choose from.
Texas is another great place to go for fall camping. A few places to check out in the Lone Star State would be, Caprock Canyons, Cooper Lake, Davis Mountains State Park, Balstrop State Park, Big Bend Ranch State Natural Area and Lake Mineral Wells State Park.  All of these locations vary from dense forest, perfect for enjoying nature, to lakes and natural springs, great for fishing or swimming, to vast desert lands.
You may also want to consider Southern California, or SoCal, as the locals call it.  There are so many different “sceneries” to choose from in Southern Cali, as well.  For example, you can choose to camp near a beach, in a more desert-like location, or even in the mountains. A few specific places you may want to consider are; Dark Canyon Campground, Point Mugu State Park, Andrew Molera State Park, Big Pine Creek Campground and Cleveland National Forest Area.  The weather in the southwest is a lot more tolerable in the fall, compared to the states located in the more northern areas, which makes for more comfortable temperatures and forecast conditions for campers.
Sometimes we tend to get all caught up in the hustle and bustle of everyday life and forget how beautiful and serene the United States really is.  When we do take the opportunity for a “time-out”, this guide is here to help narrow down the search for your next fall-tastic getaway. Therefore, compared to all of the amazing and beautiful places in the United States to choose from, these are only a select few of the most comfortable and fall-worthy campground sites to choose from.
