Dec  7, 2010 | By Eric Jay Toll
Photo Credit Grand Canyon image by TurboJJJ from  Fotolia.com
Camping in Arizona is like going to the penny candy store with a dime; there are so many choices you don't know which ones you want to pick. You can make your choices based on weather, season, landscape or planned activities. Arizona has seven different climate zones, and elevations just above sea level to an excess of 11,000 feet. The Grand Canyon State is a four-season playground where you can find warm weather 12 months of the year.
The Deserts
Choosing between the two Arizona deserts really comes down to how far you want to travel and what you plan to do. The Arizona Sonoran Desert, which runs from northern Mexico to north of Phoenix, is home to the giant saguaro cactus, the icon of the desert. Blazing hot in the summer and amazingly comfortable in the winter, the Arizona Sonoran is a volcanic landscape and biosphere wonderland in which you can camp, hike or mountain bike. The Mojave Desert in Northwest Arizona nestles in between Lake Havasu, Lake Mohave and Lake Powell. Cooler than the Sonoran Desert, the Mojave offers water sports and camping, hiking and cycling. Interstate 10 bisects the Arizona Sonoran Desert, Interstate 40 skirts the Mojave and U.S. 95 travels through it.
The Plateaus
Famous for the Grand Canyon, the Colorado Plateau is the picture stereotype of the desert. Sheer red rock cliffs, mesas and buttes create a backdrop in which you'd expect to see Road Runner and Coyote around the next bend. The Kaibab Plateau is the North rim of the Grand Canyon--less visited and sprinkled with developed and primitive campsites. More than 1000 feet higher than the Colorado, the Kaibab Plateau is very comfortable in the summer. The Colorado plateau, on the other hand, gets very hot during the day. There is a 30 degree temperature swing between summer days and nights on the two plateaus. You can be in shorts and a T-shirt during the day and a winter coat at night, but seeing the stars from either plateau is worth all the discomfort. Interstate 40 and U.S. 89 provide access to the Colorado Plateau. U.S. 89A is the main route onto the Kaibab Plateau.
The Mountains
Towering more than 11,000 feet above the nearby town of Flagstaff, Mount Humphrey is Arizona's tallest peak. In the Coconino National Forest, dozens of developed and primitive campgrounds are located in and around Mount Humphrey. The White Mountains and the Blue Mountains are the sources of several major rivers and home to small and large lakes. Literally thousands of miles of trails wind their way through these mountain ranges. The Alpine settings are just the recipe for beating the desert heat in the summer. Mountain biking, hiking and even some rock climbing are possible in this area. U.S. 160 and 89 wrap around the Mount Humphrey area.
The Rim
Cutting across Arizona and New Mexico to almost California is the Mogollon Rim. A steep rise from the Sonoran Desert that transitions to the Colorado Plateau, the Rim is a combination of dramatic cliffside campsites, year-round rivers and mountain forests. Managed by the Prescott, Tonto and Apache-Sitgraeve National Forests, there are a number of developed campgrounds, lakeside campgrounds and literally hundreds of thousands of acres for primitive, dispersed camping. Interstate 17, U.S. 89 and Routes 260 and 87 move traffic in and out of the Rim.
Sky Islands
From Tucson to the New Mexico border, the landscape is punctuated by the Sky Islands, a region of mountain ranges that seem to rise out of the Arizona Sonora Desert, stretch just a few miles and end as sharply as they started. The Santa Catalina Mountains on the north side of Tucson are in the Coronado National Forest. The Catalina Highway, a national scenic byway, takes you from Tucson to Summerhaven, passing nine campgrounds located in the heavy forests at Catalinas. Other Sky Islands, including the Patagonias, Rincons, Santa Ritas and the Chiracahuas, scrape the sky with camping areas nestled within their canyons. Interstate 10 east from Tucson is the main access to all of them.
References
