Computer Camps Held at Northwestern University
iD Tech Camps, Ages 7-17
WEEKLONG | CO-ED | DAY CAMPS | OVERNIGHT CAMPS
COURSE TOPICS: VIDEO GAME DESIGN, PROGRAMMING, APPS, WEB DESIGN & MORE
Ignite your internalDrive and  do something BIG  this summer! iD Tech Camps is a family company – and our company is a unique place. Some call it magical. We’re the World’s #1 Tech Camp – consistently ranked a Top Workplace. One of our big secrets? Ridiculously small ratios. Small ratios mean personalized instruction – just 8 students per instructor or fewer – or you get a free week of camp,  guaranteed ! Our adult-only staff are tech-savvy undergraduates, graduate students and professionals, passionate about teaching game design, film, computer science and more.
This is our 12th season hosting summer camps at our Northwestern University location. We strike the right balance between off-computer activities (creative games, sports, life skills, etc.) and essential technology education to foster STEM skill development (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics). Our popular Northwestern University summer day camps and overnight camps are located in the Chicago area in Evanston, IL.
We offer a variety of cutting-edge summer camp courses for beginner through advanced learners. Kids and teens learn one course topic per week, specializing in video game design, iPhone® app development, Flash® animation, programming, video editing and more – using the best brand name products from Adobe®, Apple®, Autodesk®, Google, Microsoft® and beyond. Come explore the college campus and gain skills that will last long after summer camp ends. Continue to  Step 2  for Course Availability, Tuition & Dates.
About Northwestern University
NOTE: Looking for our exact location on campus? You must first be enrolled; you can then access that information through  My Account . Not yet enrolled? Go to  Step 2  to enroll. The maps included here are for general information only.
Many students use their summer camp experience with iD Tech Camps to explore colleges that they’re interested in attending in the future. Learn on campus, eat in the dining halls and ages 10+ can even stay overnight (at most campuses).
We have chosen Northwestern University to host our summer academic camps for teens and kids because it is one of the country’s leading private research universities, recognized both nationally and internationally for the quality of its educational programs at all levels. Our summer camps in Evanston border the shore of beautiful Lake Michigan and lie only 12 miles north of downtown Chicago. O’Hare International airport is only 15 miles west of Northwestern, making camp accessible for students joining our IL summer camp location from out of state. Evanston is also accessible by train. Come and check out our Chicago area summer camps!
Northwestern University
NU is often considered one of the best universities in the nation, according to the U.S. News and World Report. Places to check out while at Northwestern University include the Mitchell Museum of the American Indian, Mary and Leigh Block Museum, Kohl Children’s Museum, and the Grosse Point Lighthouse & Maritime Museum.
Northwestern University Facts
Mascot: Willie the Wildcat
Founded: 1851
Schools at Northwestern University: NU currently has six undergraduate schools, with its most popular being the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences that hosts 51.2% of undergraduate students. 17.2% of the students are enrolled in the McCormick School of Engineering, 14.7% in the School of Communication, 8.4% in the Medill School of Journalism, 5.0% in the Bienen School of Music, and 3.4% in the School of Education.
Student Population: Northwestern enrolls about 18,000 students a year, with the following breakdown: 8,284 undergraduate, 8,249 graduate, and 1,495 professional students. Females represent a slightly larger portion of the undergrad population at 51.6%.
Rankings: Northwestern is large and considered a highly residential research university. It offers over 130 undergraduate programs and 70 graduate and professional programs, and awarded 2,089 bachelor’s degrees, 2,665 master’s degrees, 462 doctoral degrees, and 416 professional degrees in 2006–2007.
Athletics: Northwestern is an original member of the Big Ten Conference and the conference’s only private institution. The University fields 19 intercollegiate athletic teams (8 men’s and 11 women’s) that compete at the Division I level in the NCAA. The most notable and successful NU teams include men’s soccer, wrestling, swimming, golf, men’s tennis and women’s tennis, softball, fencing and lacrosse.
Distinguished Alumni & Personnel: Many of those who have attended Northwestern have accomplished greatness in their respective areas, including entertainment, business, sports and politics. This list includes: Academy Award-winning actor/writer/director Warren Beatty; Emmy Award-nominated actor for his work on TV show Scrubs Zach Braff; model Cindy Crawford, Emmy Award-winning actress for TV show Seinfeld Julia Louis-Dreyfus; Chairman and CEO of Citigroup Women and Company Lisa Caputo; President and CEO of Campbell Soup Company Douglas Conant.
Meals
All meals are included with our overnight and extended day programs . Day campers have the option of purchasing the lunch plan or bringing a sack lunch. The lunch plan is recommended, but not mandatory. If the lunch plan is purchased, lunch is provided Monday-Friday. Many university dining facilities do not permit outside food to be brought into the dining hall; students bringing bag lunches may eat outside of the dining hall with their classmates and instructors.
Maps/Carpool
See maps and driving directions in My Account for detailed directions on how to get to our exact location on campus. Want to Carpool? Go green and save some green when you carpool to camp! Sign up for our Carpool app in My Account to see the other families in your area that are interested in carpooling.
Staff Ratio Guarantee
iD Guarantee
Students learn in small classes for a personalized experience.  How small?  Classes typically have 5, 6, 7, or 8 students – but never more than 8 per instructor.  That's the iD Guarantee - if we ever go over an 8:1 ratio, you get a free week of camp!
Adult-Only Instructors
iD Tech Camps recruits energetic, experienced instructors to teach our technology courses and supervise our students.  Our summer staff is adult-only, with no Counselors-in-Training.
Personalized Instruction
Courses are personalized to students' abilities, and therefore suitable for beginner to advanced levels in most cases.  Because of the ridiculously small ratios (max 8:1 or a free week with the iD Guarantee), instructors have time to consistently work with students 1-on-1 and adjust curriculum to their interests and experience level.
Project-Based Curriculum
We encourage a hands-on approach to technology; students learn by doing.  Each student is provided with a computer and learns to work with the same products that professionals use in their fields.  Students complete a project showing off their new technology skills by the end of each weeklong session they attend.  By focusing on practical applications of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) skills, iD prepares students to take their new tech knowledge back into the real world.
Staff at this Location
Meet some of the amazing instructors that have taught at Northwestern University over the years.
“Nox”: Nox is a returning instructor with many years of summer camp experience.  He enjoys the energetic back and forth of the creative process with students and loves seeing students express themselves artistically.  He hopes to get students excited and eager to create truly professional layouts and designs. Outside of camp, Nox is a freelance digital artist, comic-book illustrator, martial artist, poet, writer, and generally enjoys being a really big nerd.
“Storm”: Storm is a returning instructor with iD Tech Camps. She attended the University of Iowa for a degree in Elementary and Middle School Education, and this fall she will be student teaching here in Evanston. She continues to return to iD because she loves creating a great camp experience for new kids every year.
Kevin: Kevin is a recent graduate from Tribeca Flashpoint Academy where he earned his Associates of Applied Sciences in Game Art. Prior to that, he studied at UIC, earning a BFA in Photography/Film/Electronic Media. He worked on several game projects throughout his college career, wearing different hats along the way. His love for 3D modeling is paired beautifully with his passion for all things animated. As a 2D animator, he has done freelance work for RPM Visual Media, an online marketing group.
“Quanzie”: Quanzie is an iD Tech Camps veteran with experience both as an instructor and a director. He works for the Hope Institute Learning Academy in the West Loop as an Educational Technology Coordinator during the school year. In his spare time, he is pursuing a master’s in Educational Leadership and Administration at National Louis University. Outside of camp, Quanzie is an avid biker and enjoys Chicago’s many theaters
“GreaseMonkey”: GreaseMonkey attended 3 separate years at iD Tech Camps as a student, and loved his experience so much he decided to come back and share his knowledge with a new generation of young minds.  Now he has almost 4 years of experience with the Source SDK and Hammer editor, and he loves teaching courses that involve video games and modding. He hails from Northern Michigan and graduated from North Central Michigan College with an associate’s degree in General Studies. He is currently attending Michigan Tech to pursue degree in Computer Science.  In his free time he enjoys programming, surfing the web, playing guitar and singing.
Safety & Peace of Mind
Risk Management
Adult staff and instructors supervise all activities.  iD has a policy of never using Counselors-in-Training (CITs).
American Camp Association® Accreditation
iD Tech Camps is accredited by the ACA at multiple locations, meaning we have met over 300 health and safety requirements.  All camps follow ACA guidelines.
Background Checks
We conduct criminal background checks, sexual offender background checks, multiple reference checks and identification checks on all summer staff.
CPR & First Aid
All camps have Directors and Staff that are CPR and First Aid Certified.
Sample Week
A typical day varies depending on session and location, but it might look something like this:
 
