1. Rafting the Colorado River  by Western River Expeditions
In the grandest canyon of the Colorado, experience the excitement, serenity, joy and enchanting beauty of the river as it transforms this divine chasm and those who venture down it. Raft 187 miles in 6 days. The Grand Canyon is ever-changing, with massive walls that step back to expose eons of natural history, at one place dark and narrow, and at another lush with waterfalls thundering hundreds of feet in luminous free fall.
Arizona River Runners
Experience the vacation adventure of a lifetime on a Grand Canyon Colorado  River rafting trip. Since 1970 Arizona River Runners has provided complete  Grand Canyon white water rafting trips. Our experienced reservation staff  will guide you through the details and provide additional Colorado River  rafting trip information. Arizona River Runners has the best Grand Canyon  tour guides for your Arizona family vacation.
 
2. Rogue River Wilderness Adventures  - Oregon
The wild Rogue River is  one of the most dramatic rivers in the United States, is a favorite of river runners world wide. Since it is protected under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of Congress, whitewater rafting enthusiasts are guaranteed an uncrowded, pristine environment restricted from the encroachment of civilization.
 
3. Idaho Rafting by ROW Adventures
The Middle Fork of the Salmon River is White Water Rafting paradise! More than 100 rapids span this 105 mile stretch of scenic beauty for an unforgetable 6 day whitewater rafting trip. This free-flowing river drops 3000 feet through the remote and spectacular River of No Return Wilderness.
4. White water - West Virginia by Rivermen
It's not uncommon for flows to quadruple scheduled fall releases during the spring making for a heart pounding river adventure. In the summer, water flows reach very precise levels making those world-class drops even steeper and more technical to run. Spring or fall, the Summersville Dam releases cool clear water from the bottom of Summersville Lake for invigorating whitewater experiences all year long!
 
5. River Riders Wild Rafting Expeditions - Washington by River Riders
Class V Rapids - Thrill seekers only with experience! From Index to Gold Bar, the Skykomish River is the Big Daddy of Washington whitewater runs. Cascading to the coast from Steven's Pass, the Sky tumbles you through a relentless series of rapids then spits you into the fabled "Boulder Drop."
 
6. Montana's Great Rivers with Glacier Raft Company  
The spring runoff transforms the Middle Fork of the Flathead River and creates spectacular class II-IV whitewater. Shoot the rapids of “Bone Crusher”, “Jaws”, “Pumphouse” and more.  The Upper-Middle Fork of the Flathead is a run that rivals any in the West and offers remote access to class III-IV rapids that are not for the faint of heart.
7. Salmon River Rafting - Idaho by Orange Torpedo Trips
White water rafting on the Salmon River in Idaho is unlike anywhere else in the  United States. As the longest un-dammed river in the U.S. and flowing through  the lower 48’s largest wilderness area, rafting trips on the Salmon River take  kayakers and paddlers on a white water vacation un-matched in wildlife, scenery,  or adventure. Rafting trips in late June or early July are typically going to  have bigger and colder white water as this river is strictly controlled by snow  melt. Rafting trips on the Salmon River in later July or August are usually  accompanied by less powerful rapids and warmer water. Determine the experience  you are looking for between the Main Salmon or Lower Salmon and then find the  right dates for your ultimate white water vacation. Orange Torpedo Trips
 
8. Rafting on the Chattooga River - GA, SC, NC Boarders by Wildwater Rafting
The Chattooga begins at the Whitesides Mountain in North Carolina and flows in a southwesterly direction to form the border between South Carolina and Georgia.  One of the wildest and most beautiful whitewater rivers in the America, the Chattooga was the first river in the Southeast to be designated "Wild & Scenic" by Congress and was used as a location for the movie Deliverance.
9. Alaska White Water Rafting
Tatshenshini and Alsek Rivers - This 11-day trip on the Tatshenshini-Alsek Rivers will be one of the most memorable journeys of your life. The awesome size, beauty, and remoteness of this land make this  one of the greatest river trips in the world. From its beginnings as a small, rushing whitewater rafting river in the Yukon, to the massive size of the combined Tatshenshini and Alsek Rivers, to the incredible beauty of Alsek Lake, the Tatshenshini will fill you with wonder. 
 
10. California White water Excitement by Zephyr Whitewater
The finest California Rafting - The two day full service Kings trips are the best way to go for those groups or individuals looking for a complete and relaxing whitewater rafting vacation. Included are 2 nights of camping , 2 full days of rafting (20 miles), and 5 fantastic meals, starting with breakfast on day 1 and ending with lunch on day 2. Also included are beers, wines, snacks, juices, and other beverages. All overnight trips include a great evening slide show after a fantastic dinner showing fresh photos of YOU rafting that day. Hoot and howl as you and your friends get to re-live the days events while you nibble fresh strawberry shortcake and enjoy a glass of wine.
10. Durango Colorado Rafting, Inc.
The thrill of spring runoff or a lazy late summer float, the family will enjoy the scenic beauty of the River of Lost Souls. A unique chance to float through Colorado's past. Mining ruins of the last 100 years will add flavor to the tales of local tradition and history.
Honorable Mention
Oars - White Water Rafting - California, Grand Canyon, Idaho, Alaska and more 
   
Other Whitewater Outfitters:
 
Rafting in Maine and Massachusetts - One of New England's largest rafting companies offers 15 easy-advanced trips in Maine, Massachusetts and Vermont. Family owned and operated since 1983.
Grand Canyon Whitewater Rafting - Exciting, thrilling Colorado River trips through the Grand Canyon. Information on rafting trips through out the Grand Canyon with prices, maps, packing list, craft descriptions and more.
Multi-Day White Water Rafting, Mt West - Holiday Expeditions - 36 years experience Whitewater rafting in Utah, Colorado and Idaho, on the Colorado, Green, Yampa, San Juan, Salmon and Snake rivers.
 
Ace Whitewater - whitewater river rafting outfitter on the New and Gauley Rivers in West Virginia. Also operates a 1400 acre resort with climbing, horses, and mountain biking.
 
USA Raft - offers a variety of trips for all ages and levels of experience over rivers in West Virginia, Tennessee, and North Carolina.
 
New England Outdoor Center - offers whitewater rafting, kayaking, and guided tours on the Dead, Kennebec, and Penobscot Rivers in Maine; snowmobile rentals, lakeside and trailside cabin rentals.
Rogue/Klamath River Adventures - river rafting outfitter specializing in excursions on the Rogue and Klamath Rivers of Southern Oregon and Northern California.
 
Glacier Raft Company - provides guided raft trips and fishing trips on the Flathead Rivers in Montana. Also runs a shop selling outdoor gear and fly fishing equipment.
American Adventure Expeditions - Whitewater Rafting in Colorado on the Arkansas River, North America’s most popular river, is an amazing experience. The Ark, as the Colorado locals call it, is the ultimate destination for a whitewater rafting in Colorado and one of the best in the world! Starting off in a crisp Colorado high alpine setting, the Arkansas River runs parallel to the Continental Divide winding its way through a mountainous landscape that contains the highest concentration of 14,000-foot peaks in the lower 48. With over 100 miles of navigable Colorado whitewater the Arkansas River eventually ends up flowing through the awe inspiring Royal Gorge and under the world’s tallest suspension bridge. The ultimate Colorado River Rafting vacation runs right through the Arkansas River Valley!
Northern Outdoors Rafting (since 1976) - Maine
Two and three day affordable family trips with whitewater rafting, hiking, cabins or camping, and more.
Capture the breathtaking beauty and whitewater that is unique to Oregon's Rogue River on our full day or half day rafting trips. Guests may choose to ride in a Rogue Inflatable Raft (the limo) or paddle an inflatable kayak.
Top 10 Outdoor Things to  do and places to go in the USA
