Print this article
Maine
Maine is home to some of the northeastern United States' best and most scenic camping.  There are more than 200 campgrounds in Maine, and they are diverse. Because Maine's campgrounds are so varied, it is advised that travelers plan their trip carefully and fully understand the area in which they are going to be staying.  Among Maine's campgrounds, there are numerous that are remote and minuscule, best suited to tents and roaring fires; there are others that are more resort than campground, featuring numerous amenities.  Among the state's most popular campgrounds are Abnaki Family Camping Center, which offers almost 100 sites and numerous amenities including Wi-Fi hookups, and Arooksook State Park, which features 30 sites and is much more rustic, featuring fishing and boating as its primary offerings.
New York State
While New York State is best known for the hustle and bustle of Manhattan skyscrapers and the Brooklyn Bridge, it is also home to some of the most beautiful landscapes and best camping in the United States. New York features dozens of campgrounds that range from rural and woodsy to modern and amenity laden.  Recently, New York State Parks launched a program to entice new campers and visitors to the state's many beautiful state parks.  Called Comfort Camping, the program hopes to lure visitors by offering all of the amenities one could wish for at campsites at three of the state's most popular and beautiful parks. Four Mile Creek State Park, Golden Hill State Park and Evangola State Park offer site setup, furnished tents and  equipment rentals (including such staples as kayaks and bikes).  Visitors are encouraged to make reservations.  For campers who are looking for a more rustic camping experience, New York features numerous other campgrounds that are perfect for even the most adventurous.
Dream Lake Campground is a beautiful retreat located in Western New York, about an hour from Rochester. With a variety of camping sites to choose from, inclulding partially wooded and lakesid, Dream Lake is a perfect place to spend a weekend enjoying nature.
Another great campsite in New York State is Gardner Hill Campground. This site is located in Lowman, New York, and offers more than 150 grounds to choose from. Furthermore, the grounds are open all year round and have winter accommodations for campers.
New Hampshire
New Hampshire is home to a number of great campsites for the outdoor lover. Twin Oaks Campground is billed as the place "Where Nature Comes to Relax." This campground is in the Merrimack Region on the Suncook River. There is ample fishing and spacious sites.
New Hampshire also has plenty of other sites, such as the Barrington Shores Campground which is located about 20 minutes from Ocean Beaches in New Hampshire and Maine. This campground has a lake, cottages and cabins available for rent, and an abundance of outdoor activities such as kayaking and fishing.
Vermont
Vermont has more than 71 private campgrounds in addition to a number of state parks. Tree Corners Family Campgrounds were established in 2004 and offer amenities that are a good representation of what is typically found at campsites in Vermont. Some of these amenities include, oak, maple, and pine trees that stretch as far as the eye can see, cabin rentals, heated pools, recreation halls and fire pits.
Some other campgrounds in Vermont include Belview Campground, Willowood Campground, Lakeview Campground, Mountain View Cottage & Campground, and Mallets Bay Campground.
Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania is a great state for campers looking to interact with nature. The Indian Brave Campground is a year-round campground in Harmony. There are a total of 225 open sites, 25 pull-through sites and winter lots. Moreover, there are also cabin and trailer rentals available. At Indian Brave, campers can fish, swim in the pools or lakes and enjoy the game and rec room.
Sara's Beachcomber Campground, with more than 200 camping and tent sites,  has a private beach on Lake Erie and full RV hookups. In addition, the campground is located next to Presque Isle State Park.
Massachusetts
If you are in search of a distinctive and exciting camping experience, Boston Harbor Islands may have what you need. With camping sites available on Lovells, Grape, and Bumpkin islands, there certainly isn't a shortage of options. It puts you in a remote area while remaining close to the city, since you can see the Boston skyline from your campsite.
Massachusetts also has a variety of more traditional campgrounds such as Black Bear, Kings Family, Normandy Farms, and Shady Acres located throughout the state.
Rhode Island
The Oak Embers Campgrounds in Rhode Island are an official camp site of the Ocean State Campground Owners Association and has a diverse offering of activities. Located in the countryside in West Greenwich, this campground has hot showers, a dumping station, a grocery store, heated swimming pools and hiking trails.
Another OSCOA site is the Worden Pond Family Campgrounds. This large campground has more than 200 wooded campsites to choose from, 65 acres of land, and full facility restrooms. This is an excellent choice for campers looking to escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life.
Connecticut
Connecticut is a state known for its beauty and quaint towns. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that it is filled with options for campers.
One of the most popular Connecticut campgrounds is Valley in the Pines. This campground is designed for adults over the age of 18 and certainly will provide a memorable weekend if visited. Nestled in the expansive Berkshire Foothills, this campgrounds offers golf, fishing, wineries and hiking trails.
If you are traveling with children under the age of 18, then Riverdale Farm Camp Site is an alternative to Valley in the Pines. Some of the things Riverdale offers are pull-through sites, wooded sites, rec halls, a beach and pond for swimming, and a river for fishing and boating. It is open year-round.
New Jersey
New Jersey offers some unique beach camping at communities like Acorn Campground in Wildwood, NJ. At Acorn, campers can fish at the lake, walk to the beach (only 10 minutes away), and cook at the fire pits around the grounds.
If you are trying to find great camping on the Delaware River,  then Oldman's Campground is a good option. Offering cabin rentals, 150 open sites, and trailer sites, there is no shortage of fun here. Oldman's also has a country store, 24/7 laundry, and a rec room.
Related Searches:
