>> Find hotels in Yosemite Village and check out the ten items you need for any camping trip
Columbia River Gorge – Washington and Oregon
The second largest river in the United States is the backdrop for this amazing area in the Pacific Northwest.  The rainy weather may not be the favorite part of visiting here, but the scenery wouldn’t be as spectacular without it.  Waterfalls abound in the Columbia River Gorge, and hiking opportunities for the outdoor lover are endless.
Popular hikes in the Columbia River Gorge
The Columbia River Gorge encompasses a massive area of both Washington and Oregon , with plenty of trails available for all hiking levels along this 80 mile long canyon.  There are hundreds of trails in all areas of the gorge, so make sure you check all possibilities.
Angel’s Rest-  Not far from Portland, Angel’s Rest is one of more popular trails in the Columbia River Gorge.  It’s a short hike at 4.5 miles round trip, but the views are amazing, and it’s a perfect day hike if you’re in the Portland area.
Dog Mountain -  On the Washington side, this short (7 miles out and back) but strenuous hike has beautiful wildflower meadows and panoramic views of the gorge.
Mount Defiance -  This challenging hike has a 5000 foot elevation gain and takes hikers to the highest summit in the Columbia River Gorge.  It’s a 12 mile loop that can have snow on the trail as late as June so be sure to come prepared for colder weather.
For more information about hiking in the Columbia River Gorge, click here .
>> Book a flight to Portland and check out some of these lesser-known National Parks
Denali National Park – Alaska
Denali is hands down one of the most unique hiking areas in the United States.  The most appealing aspect for hikers visiting this Alaskan wonderland is that there are no marked trails once you are out of the entrance area (which does have several marked trails).  But if you really want to get into the backcountry and wilderness, go beyond the entrance for some amazing opportunities to experience nature in its most raw form.
Popular hikes in Denali
Encompassing an area about the size of the state of Vermont, Denali doesn’t really have trails beyond the entrance of the park.  It works a little differently here than in most national parks in the US, so be sure to read up on permits and preparations necessary for backcountry hiking in Denali .  If you’re looking to hike on more developed trails, then check these out, all of which are near the entrance and clearly marked.
Mount Healy Overlook Trail -  The beginning of the hike is through the forest before eventually making your way into the tundra.  Hikers can head to the overlook for amazing views of the valley and ridge, or you can plan an all day excursion and hike all the way to the summit of Mount Healy.
Savage River Loop Trail -  If you want to get into the park without going all out backcountry, this trail is your best option.  This hike is about 15 miles from the entrance area, and though it could still be crowded on the trail, the views give you the feel of the wilderness the rest of the park offers.
More information about hiking in this unique and beautiful park can be found here .
>> Search airfare to Anchorage or find an Alaska adventure tour
Glacier National Park – Montana
Located in northern Montana and bordering Alberta and British Columbia, Glacier National Park offers hikers some amazing natural settings.  Rugged mountains, a multitude of lakes, gorgeous meadows, and immaculate forests greet visitors to Glacier NP.  Planning a getaway to Glacier offers hikers the chance to get away from the crowds that gather at other more popular national parks.
Popular hikes in Glacier National Park
There are over 700 miles of hiking trails in Glacier , so plenty of options await trekkers making the long trip to northern Montana.  This is the place to really experience solitude and see the best that nature has to offer.  Choose from some of these more popular hikes or check out the links below to plan your trip.
Many Glacier Area -  Because of the size of Glacier, it’s smart to choose areas of the park to explore.  The Many Glacier Area has been compared to the Swiss Alps, and with good reason.  Pristine lakes, amazing mountain views, hikes to glacier viewpoints, and plenty of wildlife viewing are all available in this region.
Two Medicines Region -  This is a less popular area of the park, so if you’re looking for solitude, you found it.  A variety of terrains greet hikers who make their way to the Two Medicines Region , with wildflower meadows, mountain passes, and lakes galore.
Make sure to check out all regions of the park as it is massive.  There is something here for every hiker. More info can be found here:
