Reversing Falls, , Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada
 
HOME · HISTORY · AROUND TOWN · INFO       BOOTH · FUN STUFF · NEW       BRUNSWICK
AROUND TOWN
   The       phenomenon of the Reversing Falls is caused by the tremendous rise and fall of       the tides of the Bay of Fundy, which are the highest in the world. The natural       southward-facing opening of the Bay of Fundy receives the on rushing ocean       tides directly like a funnel. The tidewater is normal when it enters the bay at       its widest point. But the farther up the bay it travels the more it changes. It       is, in effect, squeezed by the ever-narrowing sides and the constant shallowing       of the bottom forcing the water higher up the shores. The low tide running out       of the bay collides with the new, incoming high tide, combining forces to make       a higher wave coming in. The combination of wave forces is called       resonance.
   The Bay of       Fundy tides are a result of the tidal action originating in the Southern Indian       Ocean sweeping around the Cape of Good Hope and then northward into the Bay of       Fundy. They are also affected by the distance of the moon from the earth at       this longitude. Here in Saint John, the bay tides rise 28 ½ feet. When       the tide is low, the St. John River, 450 miles long, empties into the bay.       Between Fallsview Park and the Pulp Mill, the full flow of the river thunders       through a narrow gorge. An underwater ledge, 36 feet below the surface causes       the water in the river to tumble downward into a 175-200 foot deep pool. Below       the mill and under the bridge. The water then boils in a series of rapids and       whirlpools.
   As the bay       tides begin to rise, they slow the course of the river and finally stop the       river's flow completely. This short period of complete calm is called slack       tide. It is only at this time that boats are able to navigate the Falls.       Shortly after this slack tide the bay tides become higher than the river level       and slowly, at first, the river begins to flow upstream. As the bay tides       continue to rise, the reverse flow gradually increases and the rapids begin to       form, reaching their peak at high tide. The effect of this reversal is felt       upstream as far as Fredericton, more than 80 miles inland. At this point the       tidal waters are actually 14 ½ feet higher than the river.
   After high       tide the bay tides begin to fall and the upstream flow of the river gradually       lowers until the bay tides fall to the level of the river - once again       resulting in another slack tide. The river then resumes its normal course and       begins to flow back out of the bay. The bay tides continue to fall below the       level of the river until at low tide the rapids are again at their peak,       flowing down stream. At this point the tidal waters are 14 ½ feet lower       than the river level.
   The tide       rises and falls once about every 12 and a half hours. To best appreciate the       Reversing Falls, you should try to view them at least twice on a given day -       near low tide and near high tide. A good water level vantage point from which       to view the Falls is Fallsview Park, not far from the Reversing Falls       Information Centre. A twelve-minute film presentation explaining the phenomenon       of the Reversing Falls, and highlighting various attractions in the Saint John       area, can be viewed in the Reversing Falls Roof Top Theatre on the observation       deck. A small admission charge applies to view the film.
