Sharks
Oceans cover more than 70% of Earth’s surface. About 97%   of Earth’s water is contained in oceans and seas. The five   oceans—the Pacific, Atlantic, Indian, Southern, and Arctic—are   all connected and form an enormous mass of water. Seas are smaller bodies of   salty water within the oceans.
The oceans are salty, which makes them   unsuitable for drinking. Most of the salt comes from minerals from rocks and   soil that have been washed from the land and carried into the oceans by   rivers. The minerals are mostly chloride and sodium, which combine to make   salt. Most of our table salt comes from the oceans.
The salinity, the   amount of salt, varies in the oceans. Oceans in warm, dry areas are more   salty than the oceans in cold climates, such as near the North and South   Poles. That’s because ocean water in warmer areas evaporates quicker,   leaving more salt behind. The saltiest water in the world is in the Red Sea,   which is almost entirely surrounded by deserts.
Tides
Tides,   waves, and currents cause the oceans to move constantly. A tide is the   regular rise and fall of the sea level in oceans and other bodies of water.   It is caused by the effect of the Moon’s gravity on Earth. Water on   the side of Earth that is closest to the Moon is pulled in the direction of   the Moon, creating a bulge in the ocean. On the other side of Earth, the   Moon’s gravity pulls Earth away from the water, producing a matching   bulge. These bulges form high tides. Because the Earth rotates on its axis,   every point on Earth (except the poles) travels through the two high tide   zones and the two low tides zones each day. This is why there are two high   tides and two low tides each day.
Spring tides, which are especially   strong, occur during new and full moons—every two weeks—when   Earth, the Moon, and the Sun are in alignment. Neap tides, which are weaker,   occur during first and last quarter moons, when the Sun, the Earth, and the   Moon form a right angle.
Waves
Wind causes waves in the   ocean. As the wind blows over the surface of the ocean, it pushes on the   water and transfers some of its energy to the water. The water gets energy   from the wind because of the friction between air molecules and water   molecules. It may seem that waves move forward or horizontally, but they do   not. They move up and down. You can see this by watching a buoy in the   water. It bobs up and down with waves rather than moving from side to   side.
