South Wellfleet, Cape Cod, Massachusetts
Cape Cod vacation cottage rentals beside one       of the most beautiful beaches in the
Cape Cod National Seashore.  Located 20 miles from Provincetown's whale watching boats and
3 miles from the art galleries, shops, restaurants and       harbor in Wellfleet center.
 Most cottages are just steps       away from the top of the sand dune that leads down to
 LeCount Hollow Beach at Maguire's Landing and the       Atlantic Ocean .
 
Waves
Q:  What      causes waves?
A:   The wind.  When the wind blows over the ocean's surface it      creates waves.  The size of the wave depends
      upon how far, how fast and how long the wind      blows.   A gentle breeze will form ripples on the      surface but
strong, steady winds over long distances create large waves.  Even on a day when there is no wind at all, there
may still be large waves crashing on the beach.  These      waves were probably created by a distant storm out at
sea and the wave energy traveled for days before it arrived.
Q:  Why      doesn't a wave push a boat across the ocean?
A:   Because waves travel through water but do not take the water      with them.  Let me try to explain:  As a
      wave arrives, it lifts water particles.  These particles travel forward, then down and back so that each
particle      completes a rolling circle and
ends up back where it began.  This is
why a boat will "bob" in the waves but
not travel with the wave.  The boat
moves forward at the height of the
wave but then as the wave falls, the
boat will move back to approximately
the same place it was before the wave arrived.  This      circling movement of water particles near the surface sets
off smaller circling movements below them and the wave energy      also begins the next group of water particles to
begin the circular movement thus continuing the wave until it      reaches the shore.
 
Q.  Don't      waves cause the tides, or the tides cause the waves?
A.   The tides are a result of the      effects of gravity between the Earth, the Sun and the Moon and      have nothing
       to do with waves. 
     All      the surfaces of the Earth are pulled toward the sun and the      moon.  This force has little effect on the land
but it does have a very great and obvious effect on the waters      of the Earth's oceans.  Twice each month, the
tidal range reaches a maximum and these large tides are called "Spring Tides."  Halfway through the monthly
cycle, the range is much smaller.  These very weak tides are      called "Neap Tides."
   
    As the moon      rotates around the Earth, it pulls the water on the nearest side
of the Earth outward into a bulge.  A similar bulge, on the      opposite side of the
Earth is also caused by the water being thrown outward by the      planet's spin.
These two bulges travel around the globe, producing two high      tides each day.
Twice each month, during the times of the new moon and a full      moon, the sun
and moon are in a straight line and their gravitational pull      combine and produce
what is called Spring Tides.  During Spring Tides, the high      tides are very high and
the low tides are very low.
 
     When      the sun and moon are at right angles from the Earth, during the      quarter
phases of the moon, the gravitational pull on the oceans is much      less, producing
a smaller difference between high and low tide.  This is known      as a Neap Tide.
 
