Moon has twice the influence on tides as the sun
Why does the gravitational pull of the moon control the tides of the sea?
Ask your own question!
Ocean tides are generated by the gravitational attraction of the moon and the sun on the sea. To simplify the problem, imagine the earth as an ocean planet completely covered by water. As the earth orbits around the sun and the moon orbits around the earth, both form their own rotational systems, each system rotating around its own center of mass.
First we will look at the earth-moon system. To keep the gravitational attraction of the earth and moon from pulling them together, another force must counterbalance gravity. This centrifugal force comes from the inertia of the moon's rotation around the earth-moon center of mass. While this balance of forces keep the earth and moon apart, the side of the earth facing the moon experiences a greater gravitational attraction than the remainder of the planet, while the side facing away experiences a lesser gravitational attraction. In the simple case that we have just described, this causes the water to pile up in bulges on both sides of earth facing towards and away from the moon. In what has been called the Equilibrium Theory of Tides, we can envision the earth completing one revolution per 24-hour day, with any point experiencing two high tides per day as it passes under these bulges in the sea surface and two low tides per day when it passes by the position out of phase with these bulges where the gravitational and centrifugal forces on the ocean are in balance.
The same argument as above can be developed for the earth-sun rotational system. However, the sun's influence on the tides is only about half that of the moon. The reason for this is that forces generating the tides increase with the mass of the two bodies, but decrease as the cube of the distance between them. Therefore, even though the sun is much larger than the moon (27 million times more massive), it is also much further away from earth than the moon (387 times further away), and the distance cubed is the more important factor.
To add an additional level of complexity, we need to consider how the moon and sun influence the tides in combination. When the sun and moon are aligned, there are exceptionally strong gravitational forces, causing very high and very low tides. These are called spring tides, and they are associated with the new and full moons.When the alignment of the sun and moon are out of phase, the gravitational forces cancel each other out, and the differences between the high and low tides are minimal. These are called neap tides, and they are associated with the first-quarter and third-quarter moons.
Predicting tides can get much more complicated as we add continents, the geometry of ocean basins, and bottom friction to our conceptual model. In fact, scientists must record tidal data at a particular location for a period of time before they can unravel some of this complexity and accurately predict tides at that location. That is a level of detail we won't go into here, but the above discussion should allow you to understand the general role of the moon, as well as the sun, in generating ocean tides.
Related Questions
