Welcome to PhysLink.com - Your physics and astronomy online portal. Stay a while! Check out our extensive library of educational and reference materials. Also, check out our fun section!
  
What causes high tide and low tide and why?
Asked by: Jen Kinsey
Answer
The high and low tide are caused by the gravitational  forces between the earth and the moon. However, the  source of the real effect takes some explaining to  grasp. The incorrect way of thinking is that the  moon attracts all the water to itself, therefore  causing a high tide on the side of earth close  to the moon, and a low tide on the side far from  the moon. However, if this was the case, there would  be a high tide once per day. But there are TWO high  tides a day. The reason is, the part of the earth   both AWAY from the moon, and CLOSE to the moon BOTH  get high tides...
Now we need to explain why this is so. The earth and  moon rotate around each other, each pulling the other towards  itself. The moon attracts every piece of matter on earth.  Since gravity is inversely proportional to the square  of the distance, this force is greater on the side  of the earth closer to the moon, and lesser on the side  of the earth further from the moon. Since the earth is  quite a rigid object, this difference in forces fails  to deform the earth (much). However, it succeeds quite  well in deforming the oceans -- which are not as rigid.  Since the waters on the moon side are attracted more  strongly than average, they tend to bulge TOWARDS the moon,  hence causing a high tide. The waters on the opposite  side of the moon, since they are attracted less strongly  than average, tend to 'lag behind' the rigid earth,  and bulge AWAY from the moon, which in this case, is also  AWAY from the earth, again, causing a high tide.  Low tide occurs at about right angles to the moon,  where the force on the waters match the average pull  of the moon on the earth closely.
The question that usually follows this is, why doesn't  the sun cause any tides (comparable to that of the moon)  although its pull on the earth is larger? The answer is,  although the gravitational pull of the sun on the earth  is larger than that of the moon, due to the much greater  distance, the force changes very little from one end  of the earth to the other. Since it is the difference  in the force than the average magnitude of the force  that matters for creating tides, the net effect is much  less than that for the moon.
Answered by: Yasar Safkan, Ph.D. M.I.T., Software Engineer, Istanbul, Turkey
Search
Sponsors
Science Quote
'The difference between what the most and the least learned people know is inexpressibly trivial in relation to that which is unknown.'
