 
A visual check on the tide
You would not be the first person to mis-read a set of tide tables. So when you arrive at the beach, it is worth looking at the water to see if the tide is doing what you expect. See Visual Check On The Effects Of Current & Wind .
High / low tide cycle
It doesn't do to forget about the tides.
Over much of the Pacific they rise and fall on a diurnal cycle, in other words in every 24-hour period there is one high tide and one low tide.
In the Atlantic there is a  semi-diurnal cycle with two high tides and two low tides in every period of 24 hours. Actually 24 hours 50 minutes. New York and London have classic semi-diurnal tides. The height of each high tide, and the fall of each low tide, is almost the same as the previous one, and  the interval from high tide to high tide is  about twelve hours 25 minutes.
The Pacific coast of the USA mostly has "mixed tides" which combine diurnal and semi-diurnal characteristics within a cycle lasting a little more than 24 hours. Seattle gets a high tide, then a low tide, then an almost equally high tide, then a very low tide. Los Angeles and Honolulu also have mixed tides.
Tidal range
The difference in height between high tide and low tide is called the tidal range. It depends on local geography and on the alignment of sun and moon. See Spring / Neap Tides .
The tidal range in most countries is  1.5 metres or less, not enough to drive powerful tidal streams although you may still encounter fast water at some river mouths and headlands.
Tidal ranges of 4 and 5 metres can be found in parts of  Alaska and British Columbia and they are common in north-west Europe.
The weather has some impact. Low atmospheric pressure at the centre of a deep depression can add 60 - 90 cm to the height of the tide. The winds and low pressure of a deep depression can cause a storm surge and extensive flooding.
Semi-enclosed seas such as the Mediterranean and the Baltic have only a small tidal rise and fall, caused mainly by wind and atmospheric pressure. Over most of the Mediterranean the tidal range is measured in centimetres but a few  ports have a tidal range of up to 1.5 metres.
In a few places around the world there are extremely high tidal ranges because the effect of the moon's and sun's gravity is exaggerated by the shape of a bay. To have an idea of the effect of  an oscillation basin, put a few centimetres of water in a large shallow bowl and rock it a little. There is such a basin off the north-east coast of the USA. Nantucket Island is near the centre and has an average vertical tidal range of 90 cm. Go  400 km  north to  Rockland, Maine and we are nearing the  rim of the basin with an average tidal range of 3.4 metres. Further north yet and  the funnel-shaped Bay of Fundy has a tidal range of 17 metres, the largest tidal range in the world.
The second and third largest tidal ranges in the world can be found in Britain and France.
The highest tidal range in Britain is at Chepstow in the Bristol Channel, which is a very large funnel-shaped bay. The water level may rise or fall 15 metres over a six hour period.
Many tidal streams in the Bristol Channel flow at 5 knots during spring tides. They  sometimes reach 8 knots in the Shoots channel near the Second Severn Crossing bridge. At mid-tide, water pouring round some of the  headlands creates a playground for intermediate and expert kayakers. When planning all but the shortest trip you must take account of the directions in which the tide will be flowing that day (see Using Tidal Streams ).
In many places the tide goes out a long, long way. At low tide, the river banks at Chepstow are steep, glistening mud down which a kayak can easily slide but which you would  be unable to climb back up. Low tide exposes miles of sand at Weston Super Mare and, in many other places such as the mouth of the River Wye, very deep and sticky mud. So many horses, dogs, vehicles and people (memorably including an entire volleyball team) have got stuck in the mud at Brean Down that the local rescue team has bought two hovercraft to go and pull them out.
It is also worth remembering that when a fast tidal stream flows in the opposite direction to the wind it can create short choppy waves. These " wind over tide " conditions can be a problem for novice or intermediate kayakers if the tide turns while they are out.
As to France, the Cotentin peninsula in the  north-west projects far out into the strong tides of la Manche (known on the other side as the English Channel) and forms one side of the very large funnel-shaped  Baie de St Malo. The   tidal range here  can be as much as 12 vertical metres and there are some very powerful tidal streams, in particular between the Cotentin peninsula and the island of Alderney. See Currents .
Rule of Twelfths
This  is a rough way to predict the height of the tide at any time during the day. In the first hour after low tide, the water level rises by 1/12 of the tidal range. In the second hour, it rises by 2/12. In the third hour it rises by 3/12. In the fourth hour it is 3/12 again, then 2/12, then 1/12 in the last hour before high tide.
There are similar rough guides to predict the speed of tidal streams. See Tidal Stream Data .
Spring / Neap tides
The tidal range is the difference between sea level at high tide and sea level at low tide. It increases and decreases on a 28-day cycle. For example at Dartmouth, England, the tidal range at neap tide may be 1.7 metres but two weeks later at spring tide,  5.3 metres
Spring tides (nothing to do with the season of Spring) occur when the moon and sun are in line with the Earth so their combined gravitational pull produces a large tidal range. High tide is very high, low tide is very low:
It is easy to tell whether the sun and moon are in line with the Earth and each other. If they are not aligned, we see a crescent or half moon. When they are aligned but on opposite sides of the Earth, we see the complete white disc of full moon. When they are aligned and on the same side of the Earth, the moon is dark - new moon. In Britain, spring tides occur about 48 hours after full moon and new moon. Some spring tides are larger than others, in particular at the time of the Spring equinox and Autumn equinox ("equinoctial tides").
When we see the moon as a crescent or semi-circle, the moon and sun are not in line so the tidal range is smaller. The time of the smallest tidal range is called neap tide. At neaps, low tide is not very low and high tide is not very high:
High speed tides
For kayakers, the rise and fall of the tide is seldom more than an inconvenience but in an area of shallow waters, the difference between high and low tide can be dramatic. A fall of five metres may expose a beach more than a kilometre wide as in this photo . And you have to carry your kayak across it.
Where the coast is low-lying the foreshore is usually either sand or mud. It can be fun to go kayaking in shallow muddy creeks, and chances are you'll see a lot of wildlife, but you can  get stuck for hours with a band of deep mud between you and the shore. On the chart, look for access points where there is very little foreshore between the channel and dry land, or where the foreshore is firm sand, or there is a concrete walkway giving access to the water at low tide.
Mont St Michel in France lies at the top of the Baie de St Malo. The falling tide exposes as much as 10 miles (16 km) of flat golden beach between sea and land. It is the same at Morecambe Bay in England. The rising tide returns over the sands faster than a horse can gallop. Visitors and cockle-pickers have been drowned after walking out too far.
Tides & rivers
Where a river enters the sea its flow is  temporarily dammed by every high tide. In the  estuary and for a few kilometres  upstream, river flow slows down as the tide rises. It  very often reverses, at least  for the second half of the flood tide.  If the gradient of the river is shallow the water level may alter with the tides for hundreds of kilometres upstream.
A quick look at the map will usually give you a good idea how much of a river is tidal. A very winding course  where the river meanders across a flat flood-plain is almost certainly  tidal. For a diagram of flow within an estuary click here . The distance for which a river is affected by the tide depends on its gradient, which you can guess quite accurately  from the height of the land.
South-east England and north-west France are both quite flat and low. The Thames is tidal as far upstream as Teddington Lock, about 100 river kilometres from the sea, and the natural  tidal limit would be 30 km  further up at Staines. The tide has an enormous effect on  the Seine    even 100 river kilometres from the mouth, at Rouen where the tide may rise and fall as much as 4 metres. Not far beyond, engineering works have almost eliminated the tidal effect.
The Hudson River  flows backwards with the flood tide well over 160 kilometres upstream from New York, and the river level rises and falls over 260 kilometres, as far upstream as the federal dam at Troy NY. Some rivers are greatly affected by the tide a long way inland despite running through steep hills. The River Wye in Britain runs through a deep gorge and then a steep-sided valley but has cut down so far over the years that 26 river kilometres from the sea it is scarcely above sea level. It's quite a surprise to see a narrow river which flows past country villages in a rocky bed but  runs backwards twice a day, reversing the flow over weirs. In the USA, the Columbia River has cut such a deep gorge through the Cascade mountain range that its level 130 river miles from the sea is not very far above sea level. On the flood tide, the river flows backwards as far upstream as Longview, Washington. Its level rises and falls with the tides as far upstream as the Bonneville Dam near Corbett, Oregon.
Tidal currents in estuaries can be overwhelmed by the effects of heavy rain inland. A river in flood can send huge quantities of muddy water down through its estuary and make the tides almost irrelevant for a day or so.
A tidal range of just a couple of centimetres is not enough to have a significant effect on the speed and direction of flow in the river but still very significant to kayakers in countries where the law of private property denies  public access to rivers and river foreshores except on tidal waters. England & Wales are a good example .
Tidal bore waves
A tidal bore or eagre is an incoming wave or group of waves, driven by the flood tide,  usually in a funnel-shaped estuary, usually only during spring tides. In parts of the world with a tidal range of  4 metres or more you can find a small bore in many shallow estuaries. Generally they'll do no more than make you drop your sandwich and grab your paddle but  there are a few major waves.
We've kayaked several of the following estuaries without ever seeing a ripple so we're not claiming any first-hand knowledge. If you want to know more, good sources are:
