2 highlighters in different colors
graph paper
Shop for Supplies at Science Buddies Online Store
Science Buddies has compiled some suggestions for harder to find items in our Amazon store.    The store does not include   every item for every project, but it does include items that we feel work for the projects on our website.  If you   have comments or would like us to add items to the store, please contact us at scibuddy@sciencebuddies.org .
Experimental Procedure
First, get on your computer, connect to the Internet and open up your web browser.
Type the URL, or Web address, for the U.S. Naval Observatory "Phases of the Moon" website into the navigation bar: http://aa.usno.navy.mil/data/docs/MoonPhase.html
You will see data for phases of the moon from years 2000–2010.  Scroll down to choose the data for the year you want to study (2005). You need to print this part of the page for a reference:
Using a highlighter, mark the dates for the full moon in pink and the new moon in yellow.  This is the data you will use for your experiment, the other data you will need to ignore.
Next, type the URL, or Web address, for the NOAA "Water Level and Tidal Current Predictions" website into the navigation bar: http://www.co-ops.nos.noaa.gov/tide_pred.html
Scroll down and select a year to match your data for the phase of the moon (2005).
This will bring you to the homepage for the "Water Level and Tidal Predictions" for that year.  Scroll down and choose the state you are interested in. You will then need to choose the region within the state, and then a particular naval station.  When you see the naval station you are interested in, click on the "Predictions" link for that station.
This will give you a long list of the predicted height of the tide at your chosen location for that year.  You will also want to print this page for your reference:
Each row of data on this page will list one day of the year, followed by the time (in local standard time, LST), height (in feet, ft) and peak (either high or low, H or L) of each of the 4 tides of the day. There should be 2 low tides and 2 high tides in alternation each day, either H L H L or L H L H.
The good news is that you will need to ignore most of the data!  The bad news is that you will have to find the right data.  To do this, you will need to use your moon phase data for the dates of the full moon and the new moon for the year.
Using a highlighter, mark each date that matches with a full moon in pink and the new moon in yellow.  This will help differentiate between the two phases and make them easier to see. For one year, there will be 12 new moons and 11 full moons, so you should have highlighted 23 days total from your data.
Now that you have your data chosen and organized, you will want to make a graph. Using your graph paper, set up your graph like this:
Now choose one color to represent the full moon, and another color to represent the new moon.  Using the correct color, place a dot on the graph of the high and low tides of the day.  You should have two dots for the high tide, and two dots for the low tide for each day.  If the low tide goes below zero, you can draw your graph to include negative numbers on the Y-axis.
When you are finished you can look at and analyze your results.  Is there a difference between the high and low tides during a full moon compared to a new moon?
You might also want to make a bar graph to represent your data.  Try calculating the difference between the high and low tides by subtracting, then you can make a bar graph to represent your data. Is the difference between high and low tide the same or different for new moons and full moons?
Variations
This experiment uses computer generated data that has been predicted using mathematical formulas.  You can make your own natural observations to verify the accuracy of the predicted data.  If you live near a marina, see if they have a tide guage that you can use to make readings.  You can also use a piece of wood secured to a bulkhead to track the height of the tide each day.  To track the changes in the moon keep a lunar logbook.  Go outside each evening to draw the changes in the moon's appearance.  How close do your recorded measurements come to the predicted data?  Are computer generated models useful for this type of astrological data gathering?
In this experiment tide height was tracked for a year during the new moon and full moon.  How do the other phases of the moon affect the tide?  You can add to the complexity of the above experiment by adding in the data from the first quarter and last quarter lunar phases.  You can also Do a different experiment by comparing the daily tide height and lunar phase for a full lunar month.  Can you observe a cycle or pattern?
The lunar calendar was very important during the early days of agriculture.  We call the fall moon a "harvest moon" because the giant red colored moon coincides with the time of year when crops are harvested.  Does the moon have any affect on plants and agriculture?  Do an experiment to test the affect of lunar phase on the germination of beans by planting beans during different lunar phases.  Are seedlings more successful during a particular lunar phase?  Do an experiment to test if plants need moonlight in their leaves to stay healthy by covering a plant in the evening, shielding it from moonlight. Do plants need the moonlight to stay healthy?
For more science project ideas in this area of science, see Astronomy  Project Ideas .
Credits
Sara Agee, Ph.D., Science Buddies
Last edit date: 2012-03-02 15:34:29
Tell us about your experience with this science project.
What was the most important thing you learned?
characters left
What problems did you encounter? (Enter "none" if you had none.)
characters left
Can you suggest any improvements or ideas? (Enter "no" if you have none.)
characters left
How do you rate this project?
Poor
