(17.6) Important Concepts
17.4 Theory of Ocean Tides
Tides have been so important for commerce and science for so many thousands of years that tides  have entered our everyday language: time and tide wait for no one, the ebb and flow of events, a high-water mark, and turn the tide of battle.
Tides produce strong currents in many parts of the ocean. Tidal currents     can have speeds of up to 5m/s in coastal waters, impeding navigation and     mixing coastal waters.
Tidal currents generate internal waves over seamounts, continental slopes,            and mid-ocean ridges. The waves dissipate tidal energy. Breaking internal            waves and tidal currents are a major forces driving oceanic mixing.
Tidal currents can suspend bottom sediments, even in the deep ocean.
Earth's crust is elastic. It bends under the influence of the tidal potential.     It also bends under the weight of oceanic tides. As a result, the seafloor,     and the continents move up and down by about 10cm in response to the tides.     The deformation of the solid Earth influence almost all precise     geodetic measurements.
Oceanic tides lag behind the tide-generating potential. This produces forces     that transfer angular momentum between Earth and the tide producing body,     especially the moon. As a result of tidal forces, Earth's rotation about     it's axis slows, increasing the length of day; the rotation of the moon about     Earth slows, causing the moon to move slowly away from Earth; and moon's     rotation about it's axis slows, causing the moon to keep the same     side facing Earth as the moon rotates about Earth.
Tides influence the orbits of satellites . Accurate knowledge of tides is     needed for computing the orbit of altimetric satellites and for correcting     altimeter measurements of oceanic topography .
Tidal forces on other planets and stars are important for understanding     many aspects of solar-system dynamics and even galactic dynamics. For example,     the rotation rate of Mercury, Venus, and Io result from tidal forces.
Mariners have known for at least four thousand years that tides are related to the phase of the  moon. The exact relationship, however, is hidden behind  many complicating factors, and some of the greatest scientific minds of the last four centuries  worked to understand, calculate, and predict tides. Galileo,  Descartes, Kepler, Newton, Euler, Bernoulli, Kant, Laplace, Airy, Lord Kelvin, Jeffreys, Munk  and many others contributed. Some of the first computers were  developed to compute and predict tides. Ferrel built a tide-predicting machine in 1880 that  was used by the U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey to predict nineteen  tidal constituents. In 1901, Harris extended the capacity to 37 constituents.
Despite all this work important questions remained: What is the amplitude  and phase of the tides at any place on the ocean or along the coast? What is  the speed and direction of tidal currents? What is the shape of the tides on  the ocean? Where is tidal energy dissipated? Finding answers to these simple questions is difficult,  and the first, accurate, global maps of deep-sea tides were  only published in 1994 (LeProvost et al., 1994). The problem  is hard because the tides are a self-gravitating, near-resonant, sloshing of water in a rotating,  elastic, ocean basin with ridges, mountains, and submarine basins.
Predicting tides along coasts and at ports is much simpler. Data from a tide gauge plus the theory  of tidal forcing gives an accurate description of tides near  the tide gauge.
Tidal Potential
Tides are calculated from the hydrodynamic equations for a  self-gravitating ocean on a rotating, elastic Earth. The driving force is the gradient of the gravity field of the moon and sun. The small variations in gravity arise from two separate mechanisms. To see how they work, consider the rotation of moon about Earth. If Earth were an ocean planet with no land, and if we ignore the influence of inertia and currents, the gravityb gradient produces a pair of bulges of water on Earth, one on the side facing the moon, one on the side away from the moon. A clear derivation of the forces is given by Pugh (1987) and by Dietrich, Kalle, Krauss, and Siedler (1980). Here I follow the discussion in Pugh §3.2.
Note that many oceanographic books state that the tide is produced by two   processes: i) the centripetal acceleration at earth's surface as earth   and moon circle around a common center of mass, and ii) the gravitational attraction   of mass on earth and moon. However, the derivation of the tidal potential does   not involve centripatal acceleration, and the concept is not used by the astronomical   or geodetic communities.
Figure 17.10 Sketch of coordinates for determining the tide-generating potential.
To calculate the amplitude and phase of the tide on an ocean planet, we begin by calculating the tide generating potential. This is much easier than   calculating the forces.  Ignoring   for now Earth's rotation, the rotation of moon about Earth produces a potential VM at any point on Earth's surface
(17.5)
where the geometry is sketched in Figure 17.10, g is the  gravitational constant, and M is moon's mass. From the triangle OPA in  the figure,
(17.6)
Using this in (17.5) gives
(17.7)
r/R » 1/60, and (17.7) may be expanded in powers of r/ R using Legendre polynomials (Whittaker and Watson, 1963: §15.1):
(17.8)
The tidal forces are calculated from the spatial gradient of the potential,   so the first term in (17.8) produces no force. The second term produces a constant   force  parallel to OA. This force keeps Earth in orbit about the center of   mass of the Earth-moon system.  The third term produces the tides, assuming   the higher-order terms can be ignored. The  tide-generating potential is therefore:
(17.9)
The tide-generating force can be decomposed into components perpendicular P and parallel H to  the sea surface. The tides are produced by the horizontal component. "The vertical component is balanced by pressure on the sea bed, but the ratio of the horizontal force per unit mass to vertical gravity has to be balanced by an opposing slope of the sea surface, as well as by possible changes in current momentum" (Cartwright, 1999: 39, 45). The horizontal component is shown in Figure 17.11. It is:
(17.10)
(17.11)
The tidal potential is symmetric about the Earth-moon line, and it produces symmetric bulges.
Figure 17.11 The horizontal component of the tidal force       on Earth when the tide-generating body is above the Equator at Z.    From Dietrich, et al. (1980).
If we allow our ocean-covered Earth to rotate, an observer in space sees the two bulges fixed  relative to the Earth-moon line as Earth rotates. To an  observer on Earth, the two tidal bulges seems to rotate around Earth because moon appears to move  around the sky at nearly one cycle per day. Moon  produces high tides every 12 hours and 25.23 minutes on the equator if the moon is above the  equator. Notice that high tides are not exactly twice per day  because the moon is also rotating around Earth. Of course, the moon is above the equator only  twice per lunar month, and this complicates our simple picture  of the tides on an ideal ocean-covered Earth. Furthermore, moon's distance from Earth R varies because moon's orbit is elliptical and because the  elliptical orbit is not fixed.
Clearly, the calculation of tides is getting more complicated than we might  have thought. Before continuing on, we note that the solar tidal forces are derived  in a similar way. The relative importance of the sun and moon are  nearly the same. Although the sun is much more massive than moon, it is much further away.
(17.12)
(17.13)
(17.14)
where R sun is the distance to the sun, S is the mass of the sun, R moon is the distance to the moon, and M is the mass of the moon.
Coordinates of Sun and Moon
Before we can proceed further we need to  know the position of moon and sun relative to Earth. An accurate description of the positions  in three dimensions is very difficult, and it involves learning arcane  terms and concepts from celestial mechanics. Here, I paraphrase a simplified description from Pugh.  See also Figure 4.1.
A natural reference system for an observer on Earth is the equatorial system   described  at the start of Chapter 3. In this system, declinations δ of   a celestial  body are measured north and south of a plane which cuts the Earth's   equator.
Angular distances around the plane are measured relative to a point      on this celestial equator which is fixed with respect to the stars. The      point chosen for this system is the vernal equinox ,     also called the 'First  Point of Aries'... The angle measured eastward, between     Aries and the equatorial intersection of the meridian through a celestial object     is called     the right ascension of the object. The declination     and the right ascension  together define the position of the object on a celestial     background...
[Another natural reference] system uses the plane of the Earth's revolution     around the sun as a reference. The celestial extension of this plane, which     is traced by the sun's annual apparent movement, is called the ecliptic.     Conveniently, the point on this plane which is chosen for a zero reference     is also the vernal equinox, at which the sun crosses the equatorial plane     from south to north near 21 March each year. Celestial objects are located     by their ecliptic latitude and ecliptic longitude. The angle between the     two planes, of 23.45°, is called the obliquity of the ecliptic... Pugh     (1987: 72).
Tidal Frequencies
Now, let's allow Earth to spin about its polar axis. The  changing potential at a fixed geographic coordinate on Earth is:
(17.15)
where φp is latitude at which the  tidal potential is calculated, d is declination of moon or sun north of the equator, and τ1 is the hour angle of moon or sun.  The hour angle is the longitude where the imaginary plane containing  the sun or moon and Earth's rotation axis crosses the Equator.
The period of the solar hour angle is a solar day of 24hr 0min. The period   of the lunar hour angle is a lunar day of 24hr 50.47min.
Earth's axis of rotation is inclined 23.45° with respect to the plane of Earth's orbit about the sun. This defines  the ecliptic, and the suns declination varies between δ = ± 23.45° with a period of  one solar year. The orientation of Earth's rotation axis precesses with respect to the stars with a period of 26,000 years.  The rotation of the ecliptic plane causes δ and the vernal equinox to change slowly,  and the movement called the precession of the equinoxes.
Earth's orbit about the sun is elliptical, with the sun in one focus. That point in the orbit where the distance  between the sun and Earth is a minimum is called perigee. The orientation of the ellipse  in the ecliptic plane changes slowly with time, causing perigee to rotate with a period of 20,900 years. Therefore Rsun varies with this period.
Moon's orbit is also elliptical, but a description of moon's orbit is much  more complicated than a description of Earth's orbit. Here are the basics. The moon's orbit lies in a plane inclined  at a mean angle of 5.15° relative to the plane of the ecliptic. And lunar declination varies between δ = 23.45 ± 5.15° with a period of one tropical month of 27.32 solar days.  The actual inclination of moon's orbit varies between 4.97°, and 5.32°.
The shape of moon's orbit also varies. First, perigee rotates with a period  of 8.85 years. The eccentricity of the orbit has a mean value of 0.0549, and it varies between 0.044 and 0.067.  Second, the plane of moon's orbit rotates around Earth's axis of rotation with a period of 17.613 years. Both processes  cause variations in Rmoon.
Note that I am a little imprecise in defining the position of the sun and moon. Lang (1980: §5.1.2) gives much more  precise definitions.
Substituting (17.15) into (17.9) gives:
(17.16)
Equation (17.16) separates the period of the lunar tidal potential into three   terms with periods near 14 days,  24 hours, and 12 hours. Similarly the solar   potential has periods near 180 days, 24 hours, and 12 hours. Thus there are   three distinct groups of tidal frequencies: twice-daily, daily, and long period,    having different latitudinal factors sin2 θ, sin 2θ, and (1 -  3 cos2θ) / 2, where is the co-latitude ( 90° - φ ).
Table 17.1 Fundamental Tidal Frequencies
Frequency
