Answers. 1 helpful answer below.
by Maryann Ullmann on March 1st, 2010
At Answerbag, we're lucky to work with great writers and researchers who help us answer some of your questions. Meet one of them!
Maryann Ullmann
Maryann Ullmann has been a freelance writer since 2004. Her work has appeared in"Cultural Survival Quarterly,""The Vermont Guardian,"and on eHow.com.  She writes on the environment, human rights, travel and holistic health, as well as fiction, and currently lives in Argentina. Ullmann holds a Bachelor of Arts in creative writing and an Master of Science in environmental studies from Antioch University.
Great Answer
Professionally Researched. ( What's this? )
Professionally Researched
This great answer was researched and sourced by a professional writer, as well as copy-edited and fact checked by a professional copy-editor. This isn't a replacement for the combined knowledge of our tremendous community - it's an addition! We hope you'll find these professionally researched answers useful, and it will encourage you to ask and answer even more!
The moon causes ocean tides with its gravitational pull. It tugs Earth's water towards it, causing the ocean to pull up and bulge. As the moon traverses the sky, the tides shift.
High & Low Tides
The centrifugal force of the earth as it rotates also causes a bulge on the opposite side of the earth from the moon. Thus, high tides occur on opposite sides of the earth at the same time, while low tides occur on the two other sides.
Tidal Cycle
As the earth rotates, two high tides and two low tides occur each day. Because the moon orbits the earth in the same direction as the earth rotates, it shifts 12 percent further in the sky each day, and thus the times of the tides shift about 50 minutes.
Solar Influence
The sun also influences the tides, but its gravitational force on earth is 46 percent that of the moon's, thus the lunar influence determines the tides.
Spring Tides
When the forces of the moon and sun are combined they cause the highest and lowest tides, known as spring tides. This happens at the new moon, when the sun and moon are on the same side of the earth, and at the full moon, when they are on opposite sides.
Neap Tides
When the sun and moon are at a 90-degree angle, their gravitational forces cancel each other out and neap tides occur, which are milder. This happens at quarter moons.
Source:
