 
Lesson Plans & WebQuests: the process
Teaching Tips Includes Lesson Planning for effective teaching: how to from a Faculty Development Document at the University of Hawaii
WebQuest Matrix : a resource for those who are using the WebQuest model to teach with the web. "A WebQuest is an inquiry-oriented activity in which most or all of the information used by learners is drawn from the Web. WebQuests are designed to use learners' time well, to focus on using information rather than looking for it, and to support learners' thinking at the levels of analysis, synthesis and evaluation."
Building Blocks of a WebQuest : "Putting a WebQuest together is not much different from creating any kind of lesson. It requires getting your learners oriented, giving them an interesting and doable task, giving them the resources they need and guidance to complete the task, telling them how they'll be evaluated, and then summarizing and extending the lesson."
WebQuest Lesson Plan Templates : from the Teachers Academy for Mathematics and Science .
 
Connections+ A large compendium of valuable lesson plans and related resources.   Collaborative Lesson Archive Use a lesson (organized by grade), or add a lesson.   Lesson Plans from Encarta Original lesson plans submitted by teachers in the U.S. There are some good ones here, but the collection is small right now. Lesson Plans from the Smithsonian Covers Social Studies, Arts, Language Arts and Science.   Columbia Education Center's Mini Lessons This group of lesson plans came from the Columbia Education Center's Summer Workshops. They were done by a consortium of teachers from 14 states dedicated to improving the quality of education in the rural, western, United States, particularly the quality of math and science education.   The Lesson Plans Page Over 100 elementary school lesson plans for all subjects, from students or faculty at the University of Missouri   Teacher Talk Forum: Lesson Plans Lesson plan archive of downloadable lessons.
Lesson Plans in Art
