New South Wales
Australia’s mangroves are found in all mainland States and Territories with coastal boundaries, including Western Australia, the Northern Territory, Queensland, New South Wales, Jervis Bay Territory, Victoria, and South Australia. Mangroves are not present in Tasmania.
Click on ony of the states in the map on the right to view further detail of mangrovn each state.
Contrasting temperate &
tropical mangroves
Avicennia marina dominates the temperate south coast, while Rhizophora species dominate the tropical north. Distributions of mangrove species are affected by climate, with most restricted to warmer wetter areas of the north.
Exceptional biodiversity &
distributional limits
Australia’s mangroves show exceptional biodiversity, comprising 58% of species in the world. Australia has one endemic species, Avicennia integra, and a number of rare and uncommon species, hybrids and varieties. Australia’s mangroves also occupy the most southerly, and highest latitude, location for mangroves in the world.
Isolated & well protected
Australia’s mangroves are largely low-impacted and protected by their isolation. They are rarely exploited directly and most occupy the leastpopulated northern coast. There are however localised impacts and pressures around estuary ports, and with urban development associated with recent sea-change resettlement to coastal areas.
Community Volunteers
A key feature of MangroveWatch is its close partnership between community volunteers and scientists from the University of Queensland's Centre for Marine Studies. Together they are systematically recording basic data as video and still imagery for assessments of estuarine habitat health.
Armed with expert support, training and advice, MangroveWatch volunteers in the Burnett Mary region are actively contributing to the monitoring of local estuaries. An important goal in this phase of the program is to produce a public document describing key issues affecting local estuaries and mangroves, and their overall health.
Getting Involved
If you would like to find out more about us or if you like to initiate your own MangroveWatch group within your area, please contact someone at the Mangrove Hub. We will be happy to help.
Mangrove Hub Facilitator
