Where are the highest tides in the world?  
The Guinness Book of World Records states the world's highest tides to be in the Minas Basin, NS, with the maximum tidal range recorded at 16.8 meters (54.6 ft).  Parrsboro, the largest Seaport on the Minas Basin, affords the best view of this tidal phenomenon. At this point the tide floods and ebbs over 3.2 kilometers (2 mi.) of tidal flat from the low watery mark to the head of the harbor. Each phase of the cycle takes approximately 5hrs\40 min. which results in each succeeding high or low water mark range an average 14m. (45.5 ft.) while the harbor heights are about 7.5 m (24 ft.). For more details see the websites http://www.town.parrsboro.ns.ca/worlds-highest-tides.html and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bay_of_Fundy
Historical tidal gauge at Anchorage Alaska. 
Anchorage Alaska boasts the world's second highest tides: varying over 40 feet, low to high tide! Bore tide (one of the three highest in  the world, and a weird phenomenon: capillary action on a gigantic scale!) occurs 2 hours 15 minutes after low tide; best viewed  between Mileposts 101 and 90 Seward Highway (26 to 37 miles from Anchorage).  For details see the website http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tidal_bore
For 11 months of the year, the water levels of the two oceans on the ends of the Panama Canal differ because of tides and climatic conditions; only in February are they about the same. While the Pacific tides are very high (up to 7 meters) those in the Atlantic are quite low. For details see the website http://www.czbrats.com/PanCanal/Canal_Transit.htm
What about Earth Tides?
Recent studies have shown that not only are there tides in the oceans, but also in the earth and the air. Only recently, with very highly sensitive instruments, have scientists been able to see a tidal range of about twenty two inches. Compared to the ocean's tides, that amount is very small, but still a change is occurring every day. Also, this crustal tide is due to the same factor as the ocean tides, the sun and the moon. We can neither see, nor feel it, because like on a ship on the sea, we move with the crust's flood and ebb. How did scientists then figure out the earth was moving, when even the instruments on it would be moving as well? Highly sensitive instruments were used, such as a horizontal pendulum, and a gravimeter, which are used to measure the amount of gravitational pull from the moon. Pierre Simon de Laplace, a scientist, discovered tides in the air. It took him eight years of reading his barometer four times every day to come to the conclusion that the air also flows similarly to tides in the ocean. Puzzlingly, though, these tides did not follow the moon, as do the ocean, and earth tides, but instead these tides followed the clock. High tides were at 10:00 am and pm, and low tides were at 4:00 am and pm. Unlike ocean tides, which flow an hour later each day, these times remained fixed. Scientists now believe that they are in phase with the heat of the sun, which caused the pressure to rise and fall. There is some tidal movement like that of the oceans, in the air, but to a very small extent.  Source:  http://members.tripod.com/~CovenK/index-5.html .
 
