Explain the causes of winds on the Earth.
Explain the differences between land breezes and sea breezes, and their causes.
Describe the Coriolis Effect.
Explain how the Coriolis Effect and the unequal heating of the Earth affect the global wind systems.
Discuss the trade winds.
This section addresses, in whole or in part, the following Georgia GPS standard(s):
S6E6a.  Explain the role of the sun as the major source of energy and its relationship to wind and water energy.
S6E4b.  Relate unequal heating of land and water surfaces to form large global wind systems and weather events such as tornados and thunderstorms.
This section addresses, in whole or in part, the following Benchmarks for Scientific Literacy:
Air is a substance that surrounds us, takes up space, and whose movement we feel as wind.
Weather (in the short run) and climate (in the long run) involve the transfer of energy in and out of the atmosphere. Solar radiation heats the land masses, oceans, and air. Transfer of heat energy at the boundaries between the atmosphere, the land masses, and the oceans results in layers of different temperatures and densities in both the ocean and atmosphere. The action of gravitational force on regions of different densities causes them to rise or fall-and such circulation, influenced by the rotation of the earth, produces winds and ocean currents.
Waves, wind, water, and ice shape and reshape the earth's land surface by eroding rock and soil in some areas and depositing them in other areas, sometimes in seasonal layers.
Some changes in the earth's surface are abrupt (such as earthquakes and volcanic eruptions) while other changes happen very slowly (such as uplift and wearing down of mountains). The earth's surface is shaped in part by the motion of water and wind over very long times, which act to level mountain ranges.
This section addresses, in whole or in part, the following National Science Education Standards:
The sun is the major source of energy for phenomena on the earth's surface, such as growth of plants, winds, ocean currents, and the water cycle. Seasons result from variations in the amount of the sun's energy hitting the surface, due to the tilt of the earth's rotation on its axis and the length of the day.
Global patterns of atmospheric movement influence local weather. Oceans have a major effect on climate, because water in the oceans holds a large amount of heat.
Causes of Wind
The tropics, near the equator, receive more direct rays from the sun throughout the year (see course notes on Seasons ). As a result,  near the equator, the ocean "heats up" more than  at higher latitudes.   This creates a temperature imbalance (warmer water near the equator and cooler water near the poles).    The temperature imbalance creates a  flow of heat towards the poles by way of  winds and the oceanic currents.   Unequal heating of the atmosphere on land and the oceans creates wind and global wind systems.
Wind is the result of horizontal differences in air pressure. Air flows form areas of higher pressure to areas of lower pressure. Differences in air pressure are caused by uneven heating of the Earth's surface.    Therefore, we can say that the sun (solar energy) is the ultimate cause of wind.
Something  to remember: Wind direction is given as the direction from which the wind comes.   For example, a "north wind" blows from north to south.
Land and Sea Breezes
The land heats and cools more rapidly than does the sea.    Water retains heat longer than land, and also takes longer to heat and cool.
This causes temperature differences between the land and the sea, which leads to a thermal circulation (or wind based on temperature differences).
During the day, the land gets hotter faster, and the hot air rises, creating an area of lower pressure.  Wind blows from the sea to the land.  This is a sea breeze.
At night, the land cools off faster than the sea.  Cooler air descends creating an area of higher pressure.  Wind blows from the land to the sea.  This is a land breeze.
Global circulation and wind systems
Much of the solar energy that the  earth receives causes intense heating in the equatorial regions.  This intense heat produces powerful convection in these areas.
As the warm, moist air rises, it creates a zone of low pressure, clouds, and precipitation along the equator.  As that warm air rises, it eventually reaches the troposphere and can rise  no higher.  It spreads outwards towards the poles.
As it spreads, it cools and sinks back down to the surface at about 30 degrees north and south of the equator.  This sinking air produces areas of higher pressure with drier conditions.
Many of the world's deserts are located in these high pressure areas, around 30o north and south of the equator.
Examples?
