Selected as a resource site for StudySphere.com
Visit the Chrissy D. Lobster Company.
Forces Involved in Making Tides
The gravitational pull of the moon tends to pull water     surrounding the earth toward the point closest to the moon while centrifugal     forces tend to pull water in the opposite direction. The same is true for     the sun, but to a lesser extent. In this illustration the earth, moon, and     sun are in alignment resulting in the combined pull of moon and sun acting     on the seas. This causes unusually high high tides and unusually low low     tides.
It is easier to understand these interactions if we look at them one at a   time. For now, consider the earth as a smooth, featureless ball covered with   a layer of water.
Rotational
As the earth turns on its axis, it is easy to image a bulge of water developing   around the equator due to centrifugal force. This would result in slightly   deeper water at the equator and shallower at the poles. Keep in mind that these   bulges of water do not appear from nowhere, they are formed by water flowing   from other places on the planet.
Orbital
Imagine the earth in orbit (or traveling in a curved path) with no gravitational   interaction from the sun. One can then imagine the water being pulled toward   the outside of the curve because of centrifugal force (like the pull you feel   when cornering in a car). The result is the bulge of water around the equator   due to rotation, is now higher on one side than the other. Since the earth   is rotating under this bulge, you would get one high and one low tide per day.   However, for a body to be traveling in a curved path without any external forces   acting on it flies in the face of generally accepted physical laws. For this   reason, we must also consider the sun's effect.
Solar
The earth and sun are held in orbit by the balance of centrifugal force generated   by the earth's tendency to fly off into space, and the gravitational force   exerted by the sun which pulls the earth towards it.
Although these forces are in overall balance, they do not act quite the same   way on the earth. Centrifugal force acts uniformly on all points on the earth   parallel to a line between the earth and sun, while gravitational forces converge   in the center of the sun and so vary with the distance from the sun. Those   points closer to the sun will be more affected by the sun's gravitational pull;   hence another bulge of water would form on an area of the earth which is closest   to the sun.
The result would be two bulges of water, one on the side of the earth nearer   to the sun due to the sun's gravitational pull, and the other on the farthest   side from the sun due to centrifugal force. Since the earth is rotating under   these bulges, a given point on the earth would experience two high and two   low tides daily. Moreover, because the earth's axis is tilted the height of   the two high and low tides will be slightly different.
Lunar
The moon does not orbit the earth. The earth and moon actually orbit each   other with the center of the orbit at a point about 1,100 miles inside the   earth. The gravitational pull of the moon affects the water on earth like the   sun's pull does. However, although much smaller than the sun, the moon is much   closer and ends up exerting about twice as much pull as the sun. The moon,   therefore, is considered to exert the largest influence on tidal motion with   the sun exerting the second largest influence. Hence, the tides are usually   thought of as following the moon even though this cycle is modified somewhat   by the sun.
Since tidal periodicity is linked to the moon, and the lunar day is about   24 hours and 50 minutes long, a given high tide will occur about 50 minutes   later than the corresponding high tide the day before.
