Long before Newton, it was obvious that the moon exerted  a force on the oceans. After all, day in and day out, year after year, ever since  the oceans formed, there have been two high tides a day, once with the moon at  its zenith and once again nearly 12 hours later. When the concept of universal  gravitation was introduced, it quantified the forces involved and neatly accounted  for the ocean tides. Today, anyone can tell you that the tides are caused by the "gravity" of the moon.
Or are they?
The oceans form a thin, incompressible, but easily deformable layer on most    of the earth's surface. One might expect that the moon's gravitational force    would pull the entire ocean layer towards it, distending the layer (producing    a high tide) in the direction of the moon on the near side of the earth, while    simultaneously compressing it (producing a low tide) on the opposite side of    the earth (see Figure 1, not to scale). This model is half right and half wrong:    half of all high tides are generated in exactly this way, but instead of there    being a low tide on the far side of the earth, there is also a high    tide. There must be some other explanation.
Indeed there is. The motion of the earth-moon system, taken in isolation,    is a classical two-body problem where each body exerts an attractive force (gravity)    on the other. Solving the equations of motion, one finds that the two bodies rotate about their common centre of mass, like a rigid asymmetric    dumbbell spinning around an axis perpendicular to the bar. As shown in Figure    2, the centre of mass of the earth-moon system turns out to be inside the earth,    about three-quarters of an earth radius from its center, along the line joining    the earth and moon.
The earth, therefore, orbits the center of mass in a tight circle (almost)    while the moon orbits in a large one. This orbital motion causes the earth to    experience a centrifugal (pseudo-) force, which distends the ocean layer in    the direction away from the moon, not unlike what happens to    the water in a pail when you swing it in a circle. Combining this orbital effect    with the direct gravitational pull of the moon explains the simultaneous high    tides on opposite sides of the earth: on the near side the direct pull dominates    and causes the oceans to bulge in the direction of the moon; on the far side    the centrifugal effect dominates and causes the oceans to bulge in the direction    away from the moon. As the earth spins on its axis, a given seaside location    will experience a high tide when the moon is at its closest, and then another    one about 12 hours later when it is at its furthest.
Reality, of course, is never quite so simple. Although the sun is much farther    away from the earth than the moon, it is also much more massive, so its gravitational    pull on the earth is relatively large (almost half of what the moon exerts).    It therefore plays a significant role in determining both the timing and strengths    of the tides.
So, are the tides caused by the "gravity" of the moon? In large    part, yes. But the gravity of the earth is as much responsible    for the two-body rotation as that of the moon. The tides are caused by the combined    gravitational forces of the moon, earth, and sun.
REFERENCES:
John L. Synge and Byron A. Griffith, "Principles of Mechanics" (McGraw-Hill 1949), section 6.5.
Last Modified: 10:11pm , April 28, 1997
