Unlike many recent floods, this one was not caused by high rainfall. The source of the water was clearly the sea, not the rivers. Much has been made of the statement that the sun was "fayrly and bryghtly spred" to show that the weather was not too bad on the day. Certainly there was no evidence that it was raining at the time. However, there are other reports that it was a wet month and the Severn was in flood.
Evidence of the weather comes from one of the first expeditions from Britain to colonise America. According to http://home.att.net/~englishamerica/places/va607002.htm (with my italics) "December 20, 1606 The first three ships ("104 men and the crews") departed London for Virginia." by "January 5, 1606/7, the ships of the Virginia expedition anchored at the Downs (England). They were stormbound for about a month. Due to taking a longer route around the Canary Islands to the West Indies, and exceptionally stormy weather, they didn't arrive at the "capes of Virginia" until April 26, 1607"
According to the Monmouthshire pamphlet, 400 ewes perished at Llandaff, 4 miles inland, by the river Taff. This is quite a long way from the sea, and at about 14 metres above sea level is higher than anywhere else that was affected, which could indicate that the river was also in flood.
The Somerset pamphlet states "In January last [towards the end of the moneth,] the sea at a flowing water meeting with Land-floudes, strove so violently together, that bearing downe all thinges yt were builded to withstand and hinder the force of them" This suggests that the surrounding land was already somewhat flooded.
Storm Surge
However, it does not require rainfall for a storm surge to occur, which, combined with a very high tide, could quite possibly overflow the sea defences. A storm surge is the result of the combined effect of low pressure and winds driving the sea water towards the land.
The following is taken from a book whose title I have lost:
Strong winds from the SW drive water into the Irish Sea and raise sea level. The effect is more significant in the shallow extremities such as the Liverpool/Morecambe Bay areas and Severn Estuary. Surges of 1m or more can be expected perhaps ten times per year. In January 1991 a surge peak of 2.3m was recorded at Heysham.
Of course a 1 metre increase in sea level would go unnoticed at low or medium tide, and even at most high tides would be within the scope of the sea walls. But if such a surge happened on 30th January at 10 in the morning, it would have combined with the high tide, and could easily have overflown the sea defences over a wide area. A similar flood occurred in January 1953 in eastern England as a result of a storm surge.
Evidence
The records published at the time fairly consistenly blame a combination of stormy winds and a spring tide:
The Arlingham parish register mentions "an exceeding great fludd, and the greater by reason of the south west winde".
The Monmouthshire pamphlet states "In the month of Januarie last past upon a Tuesday, the Sea being very tempestuously moved by the windes, overflowed his ordinary Bankes."
The Barnstaple parish register says "there was such a mightie storm and tempeste from the river of Barnstaple with the comminge of the tyde"
The document by John Paul, the Vicar of Almondsbury states "the ryver of Severn rose upon a sodeyn Tuesday mornyng the 20 of January beyng the full pryme day and hyghest tyde after the change of the moone by reason of a myghty strong western wynd."
Walter Yonge states in his diary "The 20th of Jan 1606-7, by reason of a great tempest, the sea brake in at divers places on the north side of this country."
Camden in his major historical work, Britannia , published in 1607, writes: "the Severn-Sea after a Spring-tide, being driven back by a Southwest-wind (which continued for 3 days without intermission) and then again repuls'd by a very forcible Sea-wind, it raged with such a tide, as to overflow all this lower tract,"
Burton's Admirable Curiosities says "A mighty west wind continuing 16 hours brought the Sea into the Severn (after a great rain and a spring tide)"
Tsunami
Recent work by Simon Haslett and Ted Bryant (see burnham-on-sea.com and the BBC ), suggesting the flood was the result of a tsunami, has received much publicity. There is much evidence on the ground that a tsunami, with a much greater power than just a storm surge, has occurred in the channel. However, fixing a date to this event is not so easy. There is clear evidence in the pamphlets written at the time ( sources page ), of the violence of the flood. Whether this is partly exaggeration, or might be true also for a storm surge that overflowed the sea walls is a matter of debate.
The idea of a tsunami is not new. In Archaeologia Cambrensis vol 13 for 1913, there is an account of a field trip by the Cambrian Archaeological Association to St Brides Wentloog. After mentioning the inscription in the church giving the date of the flood, it states that "This is a record of the huge tidal wave, caused by some seismic upheaval which swept the whole Wentloog Level." Unfortunately they do not give any justification for why they believe it was a tidal wave.
There was an earthquake in May of 1607. This is mentioned in Walter Yonge's Diary as happening around the 12th of May. The Lost Chronicle of Barnstaple describes a small earthquake on 19th May. This was too late to have caused the January tsunami, but might be an aftershock of an earlier quake. However, it is odd that this minor quake should get into the written records, yet one large enough to cause a tidal wave is not mentioned.
