Chapter 12: Tides
Guide  to Reading and Learning
When we visit the shore in some locations the water level rises  and falls rhythmically during the day. At others it either changes much less or  almost not at all. If we watched closely, we would notice that in some  locations the sea rises and falls just once each day but goes through this  cycle twice a day in others, and that the time that the water begins to rise or  fall changes each day. These motions are the tides. Tides have been important  to mariners for centuries, as many ports and harbors are not deep enough to  enter when the tide is low and ships can sometimes pass safely over shallow  sand bars and reefs only at high tide. However, did you know that tides are  important to many marine species, including such well known species as turtles,  and that many species match their reproduction to the tides, some spawning at  times that are as specific as at the peak of the highest tide of a specific  month each year?
The tides are created by the interaction  between the gravitational attraction of the moon and sun on the Earth and the  centripetal forces needed to keep these bodies in their orbits around each  other. The chapter starts with an explanation of how the tide generating force  is created. This is tricky and may be hard going for some readers but the  reward for achieving an understanding of this basic process is that you will  then have no difficulty in understanding why tides can occur once or twice a  day, why they are larger in some locations than others, and why the relative  locations of the Earth, sun, and moon during each month cause the height range  of the tides to become larger and smaller twice a month—spring tides and neap  tides. You will also understand why the moon has a bigger influence on the tides  that the sun despite the sun’s much larger size.
The general characteristics of tidal  motions are easy to understand on a hypothetical ocean covered Earth, but the  tides that we do observe are not quite so simple. The tide is like a very long  wave that moves east to west as the Earth rotates with respect to the moon and  sun, but in doing so it runs into the continents. Also, at every place except  the regions near the poles, the tide wave cannot move fast enough to keep up  with the sun. The details of exactly how the tide wave is modified are somewhat  complex. However, the important things to understand are why the wave cannot  travel fast enough to keep up with the sun and generally how the continents  modify the tide.
Tidal currents are more complex that the  tides themselves. Many people hold the simple idea that the tidal current will  be zero when the tide is at its highest and at its lowest point. However, this  is rarely the case. Tidal currents generally flow inshore for part of the tidal  cycle and toward the sea during the remainder of the tidal cycle in estuaries  and bays. However, the patterns are complicated because the tide can behave  like a progressive wave or a standing wave, or have characteristics of both  these wave types. In addition, the tide’s character can be changed by factors  such as the amount of fresh water flowing into the estuary. Some examples are  given in the chapter, but if you are going to sail in an estuary or bay near  you, you will have to review the studies of local tidal current motions. Tidal  height predictions are very accurate for most coastal areas and are published  in local newspapers but tidal currents are much more difficult to predict and  are not related in any systematic way to tidal heights. This means that sailors  need much local knowledge for each port that they visit if they are to make  best use of the tides to navigate within the estuary.
Chapter 12 Essential to Know 
Critical  Concepts used in this chapter
12.1  Tide-Generating Forces
Gravity
Newton’s law states that all particles of  mass have a gravitational attraction for all other particles, and that the  gravitational force is proportional to the sum of the two masses and inversely  proportional to the square of the distance between their centers of mass.
The gravitational attraction between the  moon and the Earth is very small compared to gravity felt by an object at the  Earth’s surface due to the Earth itself. Although the sun has a much greater  mass than the moon it is much further from the Earth and the gravitational  attraction between the sun and the Earth is smaller than that between the moon  and the Earth.
Orbital Motions and  Centripetal Force
In any two body system, such as the Earth  and moon or the Earth and sun, one body does not orbit around the other. Rather  the two bodies orbit around a common balance point that is closer to the larger  body. For the Earth and moon, this balance point is beneath the Earth’s surface  but not at the Earth’s center, Similarly the common point of rotation between  the Earth and sun is inside, but not at the center of, the sun
Any body in orbit must be held in that  orbit by a centripetal force that can be supplied by the gravitational  attraction.
Centripetal force varies with distance  from the center of rotation. All points within each rotating body follow the  same diameter circle of rotation, and centripetal force is the same at all  points on and within each of two orbiting bodies.
The gravitational force varies with the  square of the distance and is slightly higher on the side of a body facing the  other orbiting body and slightly lower on the opposite side.
The Balance between  Centripetal Force and Gravitational Force
The  small imbalance between centripetal force and gravity at different points on  the Earth is responsible for tides.
The  Earth’s own gravity is millions of times larger than the gravitational  attraction of the moon or sun at the Earth’s surface and, therefore, the  imbalance between centripetal force and gravity can be compensated by an  immeasurably small change in an object’s weight if the force imbalance is  directed in the same direction as Earth’s gravity (vertically toward Earth’s  center).
Distribution of  Tide-Generating Forces
The moon’s gravitational attraction and  the required centripetal force are exactly balanced at all points along a ring  around the Earth drawn almost exactly midway between the point closest to and  farthest away from the moon
At the points directly toward the moon and  directly on the opposite side of the Earth from the moon, Earth’s gravity and  the imbalance between the moon’s gravitational attraction and the required  centripetal force is completely compensated by an immeasurably small change in  an object’s weight.
At all other points on the Earth there is  a component of the imbalance between the moon’s gravitational attraction and  the required centripetal force that acts parallel to the Earth’s surface and so  cannot be compensated. This component is the tidal force.
The tidal force acts toward the moon on  the moon’s side of the Earth and away from the moon on the opposite side.
The tidal force is zero at the points  directly toward and directly away from the moon, increases away from these  points, and then decreases to zero again at points along the ring around the  Earth drawn almost exactly midway between the point closest to and the point  farthest away from the moon, where the moon’s gravitational attraction and  required centripetal force are balanced.
Relative Magnitude of the  Lunar and Solar Tide-Generating Forces
The tide-generating force exerted by the  sun is approximately one-half of that exerted by the moon because the sun is  much further from Earth than the moon, even though the sun is much more massive  than the moon.
12.2  Characteristics of the Tides
Diurnal,  Semidiurnal, and Mixed Tides
Tides are of three types: diurnal, mixed, and semidiurnal.
The three types of tides are the result of  the angle of the Earth’s axis relative to the plane of the moon’s orbit..
The  lunar tidal day is 24 hours and 49 minutes long because the moon orbits in the  same direction that the Earth spins and has moved further along in its orbit by  the equivalent of 49 minutes when the Earth has spun through 360o  (one day).
Diurnal  tides have one high tide and one low tide each tidal day.
Semidiurnal  tides have two high tides and two low tides each tidal day, with the two highs  and the two lows having approximately equal heights.
Mixed  tides have two high tides and two low tides each tidal day, with the two highs  and the two lows having substantially different heights.
Spring and Neap  Tides
Tidal range varies during each month.  Spring tides occur when the tidal range reaches a maximum and neap tides occur  when the tidal range reaches a minimum in a given location. There are two sets  of spring tides and two sets of neap tides each lunar month.
12.3 Tides on  an Ocean-Covered Earth
The  Fundamental Equilibrium Tides
On  a hypothetical ocean covered planet, the declination of the moon (the angle  between the plane of the moon’s orbit and the Earth’s equator) would cause  lunar tides to be diurnal near the poles, semidiurnal at the equator, and mixed  everywhere else on the Earth.
The Origin of  Spring and Neap Tides
Spring tides occur when the lunar high  tide and the solar high tide occur at the same place at the same time. At such  times the lunar high tide and the solar high tide are added while the lunar low  tide and solar low tide are also added, causing the tidal range to be at a  maximum.
Neap tides occur when the lunar high tide  and the solar low tide occur at the same place at the same time. At such times  the lunar high tide and the solar low tide partially offset each other while  the lunar low tide and solar high tide also partially offset each other,  causing the tidal range to be at a minimum.
Spring tides occur at new moon and full  moon. At new moon, the Earth, sun, and moon are aligned so that the moon is  located between the Earth and sun; at a full moon the Earth is located between  the moon and sun.
Neap tides occur at the first quarter and  third quarter phases of the moon, when the moon-to-Earth direction is aligned  at 90o to the Earth-to-sun direction.
There are two sets of spring tides and two  sets of neap tides as the moon rotates around the Earth in each lunar month  (29½ days).
Other Tidal Variations
Tidal heights and times of high and low  tide are the sum of both the solar and lunar tides. They have periodicities of  12 hours and 24 hours, 49 minutes respectively (two highs and two lows per  rotation).
However, tidal heights and times are also  affected by variations in the orbits of the Earth, sun, and moon that include  changes of distance within the orbits (which are not quite circular) and  changes in the declinations. There are many tidal components and each  contributes a variation called a partial tide that must be added to compute the  tidal height at any location and time.
12.4 Tides in  the Earth’s Oceans
On the Earth tides are not determined  entirely by relative movements of the Earth, moon, and sun because they are  affected by the continents, latitude, and the Coriolis effect.
Effects of  Continents and Ocean Depth
Because  the tide wave wavelength (about 20,000 km) is always greater than 1/20 of the  ocean depth (maximum of 11 km), tide waves behave as shallow-water waves and  are refracted and reflected by the seafloor and continents.
As  a shallow water wave the tide wave moves at approximately 700 km·h–1.  However, the orbital velocity due to the Earth’s spin is greater than this  value at low latitudes, so the tide wave tends to lag behind the moon’s  overhead location but is continuously recreated so that the lag is reduced and  the wave is called a forced wave.
Because  the tide wave cannot pass over the continents, the the east to west flowing  wave is blocked by the east coasts of continents and must be recreated on the  west coasts.
Latitudinal  Variation of the Earth’s Spin Velocity
Tide  waves are forced waves at most latitudes because the tide-generating forces  move faster than the speed of a shallow water wave of the tide wave wavelength.  The tide lag is at a maximum at the equator and is reduced at higher latitudes.
At  high latitudes above about 65o there is no tidal time lag, and at  even higher latitudes the tide wave even tends to run ahead of the moon’s  orbital motion. Thus, the tide wave is well developed at high latitudes in the  Southern Hemisphere where there are no continents to interfere with its  progress.
Coriolis Effect and  Amphidromic Systems
Tide waves are deflected by the Coriolis  effect.
Some components of open ocean tides form  rotating tidal waves in some basins that are similar to standing waves and  called amphidromic systems.. These systems are well developed where the tide  wave can be deflected and flow around the basin to arrive back at its original  location exactly when the next (or a subsequent) east to west moving tide wave  arrives, so the oscillation is tuned.
Amphidromic systems flow counterclockwise  in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere.
12.5 Tides in  the Open Oceans
The interaction of landmasses and the  Coriolis effect with the tides tends to create amphidromic systems within most  major ocean basins.
In the Atlantic Ocean, the east to west  tide wave is poorly developed because the ocean is relatively narrow. The well  developed tide wave that flows around Antarctica is deflected into the South  Atlantic Ocean so the tide wave flows north through the South Atlantic Ocean  and then enters the counterclockwise rotary motion of an amphidromic system in  the North Atlantic Ocean.
12.6 Tidal Currents
Orbits of water particles in tide waves  are so flattened that they are essentially oscillating horizontal currents.
Open-Ocean Tidal Currents
Open-ocean tidal currents are weak and  rotary, usually clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere, rotating 360o  in 12 hours 24½ minutes where tides are semidiurnal—and in complex looping  patterns where tides are mixed.
Temporal Variation of Tidal-Current Speeds
Contrary to common belief, the times when  tidal current speeds are at their minimum do not usually coincide with high and  low tide..
If the tide wave was a pure progressive  wave, the current speeds would be at a maximum at high and low tides.
If the tide wave was a pure standing wave  tide, the highest current speeds would occur at mid-tide.
Because most tide waves have some  progressive and standing wave components or characteristics, there is no fixed  relationship between the times of high and low tide and the times of maximum  and minimum currents. Tidal height tables cannot be used to predict tidal  currents.
Tidal Currents in Estuaries  and Rivers
In very shallow water the crest of the  tide wave moves in deeper water than the trough and so moves faster. As a  result, the period of time between high and low tide may be much longer than  between low and high tide.
Tidal currents are oscillatory in the open  ocean and reversing in bays and estuaries. In most locations, the times of  maximum and minimum tidal currents must be determined by direct observations at  the location, and these times are not contiguous with the times of high and low  tide.
In areas with large tidal ranges and where  a channel or bay narrows markedly, a tidal bore can develop when the tide wave  moves faster than the shallow-water wave speed at that depth and the leading  edge of the wave forces its way up the bay or estuary.
Tidal currents within bays and estuaries  can behave as if the tide wave were a progressive wave, a standing wave, or a  combination of both.
12.7 Tide  Prediction
Tidal time and height predictions are very  accurate and are based on harmonic analysis of observations of tidal  fluctuations over months or years at any given point.
Tidal current predictions are less  accurate and must be based on actual measurements taken over a period of months  or years at each location for which prediction is to be attempted.
12.8 Marine  Species and the Rhythm of the Tides   
Tides are important to many marine  species, especially those which coordinate their spawning or egg-laying cycles  to a particular tidal phase. Some of these species place eggs and larvae above  the normal high tide line to protect them from predators.  Others spawn when tidal currents are strong  to maximize dispersion of eggs and larvae, and yet others spawn synchronously  to overwhelm ability of predators to consume the eggs and larvae.
12.9 Energy  from the Tides
Energy can be extracted from tides in a  few locations only by placing turbines and, for efficient extraction of  available energy, a dam across a bay mouth within which the natural tidal range  is very large.
 
Critical Concept Reminders:
CC.12 The Coriolis  Effect (pp. 313, 314, 323, 324)
Water masses move freely over the  Earth’s surface while the solid Earth itself is constrained to move with the  Earth’s rotation. This causes moving water masses, including long wavelength waves  that comprise the global tide wave motion, to appear to follow curving paths  across the Earth’s surface. The apparent deflection is called the Coriolis  effect. Coriolis deflection can create a rotary motion of the tide wave, called  amphidromic systems, within certain ocean basins. Amphidromic systems rotate  counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern  Hemisphere. To read CC12 go to page 32CC.
 
