24.07
19
From the relative sizes of each component, it can be seen that, should all components work together, the tide could almost double its size during special spring tides. 
(Adapted from Harris, 1985)
The buckling crust
In the early seventies, as computers were able to model wave behaviour, they were able to show that tide waves would run in ways to prevent loss of energy. Instead of running east to west, tide waves run around in circles (clockwise and CCW on both hemispheres) around islands, and certain points in the sea, called nodes. The map shown here shows the tides circling around their nodes in 30º increments (12 parts to 25/2 hours) in the directions of the solid arrows. Each solid line connects tide levels in the ocean that are at the same phase. The dotted lines show tide amplitude (half tide height) in cm. This early model has been shown to agree with reality and, for its time, has been a remarkable achievement of computational mathematics. From this map one can see that some places in the world (the nodes) have no tides, others two (12 lines) and a few places one (24 lines). (Picture from Van Dorn, 1974) 
This new model does away with the objections mentioned for the simple model:
Tide waves follow shorter paths in twelve hour rotations, never exceeding the maximum wave speed of about 800 km/hr.
Tide waves do not bounce off continents by hitting them squarely. Instead, they follow along their coasts.
There is no starting and stopping but a continuous motion. The standing waves absorb minimal energy.
There is no balancing bulge. Instead, tide waves run in twelve hour circles.
There can be none, one or two tides per day.
The time of high tide depends both on the lunar cycle and the place on Earth.
Tide waves are standing waves, expending the least energy.
Note that the tide patterns in the oceans are rotating standing waves, not very different from the vibrating of a violin string. Like the fiddlestick of the violonist, stroking the string close to where it is attached, the forces of the moon stroke the ocean's waters into the pattern of standing waves according to the natural resonance periods of the ocean basins. It is thought that this is done by the buckling of the earth's crust.
As has been observed with other stellar objects rotating in close proximity, their round shapes become distorted by gravity. Likewise the earth is pulled into a slightly oval form, independently by both the moon and the sun. As the earth rotates, these bulges (body tides) travel round the planet in the times calculated above. So the simple two-bulge model is true for the earth's crust. Being 2.8 times denser than water, and much deeper than the oceans, a body tide can easily run as a gravity wave at the calculated speeds without losing much energy. The amplitude of the earth's body tide is typically 0.1-0.4m (0.2-0.8m wave height), which is quite negligible compared to the earth's diameter of 12,600,000m. The Earth's mantle has enough flexibility to allow such a wave to pass effortlessly. [Note that this body tide is also estimated at 0.1m amplitude or 0.2m high to low, as measured by satellites]
Since the TOPEX/Poseidon satellite has been measuring surface height data, the oscillating surface of the oceans
due to moon tides could be measured and mapped. Note that the nodes correlate with areas of no tide change,
except where these rotate around islands such as New Zealand and Madagascar. Highest tidal ranges are found
where continental coasts distort the tide wave. http://svs.gsfc.nasa.gov/stories/topex/images/TidalPatterns_hires.tif
Once the actual oscillation of the sea could be measured, one was able to compare it with calculations from computer models to see if any differences occurred. The above picture shows where such tide anomalies occur: around islands where the tide wave distorts most (NZ, Madagascar), and around deep sea ridges and chains of seamounts (Hawaii, Kermadecs). It is now thought that these anomalies give rise to deep eddies that transport nutrients from the deep to the surface, thereby giving rise to unanticipated marine productivity. Note also how some anomalies correspond with already notable fishing grounds. Note also that these computer-generated results must be verified first.
 
Tides dissipate 3.75 ± 0.08 TW (TeraWatt= 1E12 Watt= 1 million million Watt) of power (Kantha,1998), of which 3.5 TW are dissipated in the ocean, and much smaller amounts in the atmosphere and solid earth. The dissipation increases the length of day by about 2.07 milliseconds per century, it causes the semimajor axis of moon’s orbit to increase by 3.86 cm/yr, and it mixes water masses in the ocean.
Tides around New Zealand
New Zealand, as has been seen above, forms a node around which the tide runs twice daily. Recent measurements have shown that some of the nodes of the component waves, are located east of New Zealand
 
Tides around New Zealand for the main components M2= lunar , S2= solar , O1= lunar declinational, K1= lunar-solar declinational.
(Adapted from Harris 1985, Heath 1977)
.
Tides and the environment
Would the world be different had there been no tides, no moon? Fortunately, we can find an answer to this question by simply visiting the Mediterranean Sea. This sea is so enclosed and relatively small, that tides don't exist (less than 20cm). Life (for people) is quite pleasant there and the underwater environment counts a high number of species, but the fishery does not sustain large volumes.
Here in New Zealand, we experience a tide of around 2-3m and its effects are many:
without tides, dunes cannot form, (see dunes and beaches ). Tides expose sea sand to the wind, which blows it into dunes.
tides create an area of rocky shore where specialised organisms have evolved. Tides thus increase the biodiversity of the coast (limpets, barnacles, oysters, etc.)
tides create large areas for specialised organisms within harbours and embayments (sand and mud flats, mangroves, etc.). such areas may act as nurseries for various marine species.
tides create currents that mix the water so that surface plankton is spread and bottom nutrients re-surface. This makes plankton available throughout the year.
tides create currents that transport plankton to sessile filterfeeders such as clams, sponges, seasquirts, etc. It creates very rich habitats where currents pass.
tides create currents that transport and mix coastal sediments. Without them, the coast would be more sensitive to sewage disposal and runoff from the land. It would support fewer people.
