Copyright © 2003, Richard J. Hanak
An Ocean Tide Model
June 16,  2003
Visits to this page
Tides are the  periodic rise and fall of the ocean that occur about twice a day at most places.  The idea of something rising or falling implies that it is moving either away  from or toward the center of the earth. That notion is crucial to an  understanding of tides.
Even the ancients knew that the moon is the primary cause of tides. On the  side of the earth facing the moon there is always a high tide. Gallileo  correctly deduced that the movement of the tides is caused by the rotation of  the earth. But if a high tide at a location is caused by facing the moon, what  causes a second high tide about 12 hours later when that location has rotated to  the side of the earth facing away form the moon?
I recently read a contemporary explanation of tides accounting for two daily  high tides with negative gravity, gravity exerting a repelling force, and the  direction of a gravitational force depending on a reference other than its  source. Those notions are as unappealing to me as the very old idea of the moon  pulling the opposite side of the earth away from under the ocean to produce a  high tide on that side. Many people still believe that old explanation, so let's  examine it more closely.
The high tide on the side of the earth facing the moon is explained as caused  by the gravitational attraction of the moon. In that explanation the ocean water  moves closer to the moon while the earth beneath says put. On that side of the  earth the ocean has become deeper. The water for the increase on that side came  from the regions of low tide. That explanation seems reasonable enough.
If we are at the seashore at 9 p.m. and the moon is overhead there is a high  tide. About 12 hours later, at 9 a.m., we see a second high tide though the  earth has rotated so that the moon is now over the opposite side of the earth.  On many seacoasts there are two high tides a day.
One of the explanations given for the high tide on the moonless side of the  earth is as follows. Yes, the moon's gravitational attraction pulls the ocean  toward the moon and closer to the earth on that side. However, because the  gravitational pull of the moon is stronger on the ocean bed than on the ocean  surface—the ocean bed being a little closer to the moon than the ocean—the  earth is pulled out from under the ocean, so making the ocean higher there.
But if the earth is pulled out from under the ocean, what has happened to the  earth? Surely the center of the earth doesn't move closer to the moon. Has that  opposite side of the earth under the ocean bed been compressed enough to account  for the high tide? If the ocean bed were pulled toward the moon, wouldn't the  ocean merely follow, rather than stay where it was?
Let's look at this situation from another perspective. The gravitational  field of the earth pulls the oceans toward the center of the earth. If the moon  also attracts the ocean toward the center of the earth, that attractive force  adds to the earth's gravitational force already acting on the ocean; it  increases the force drawing the ocean toward the center of the earth; it cannot  cause the ocean to move farther from the center of the earth or from the ocean  bed. Rather than causing a high tide, a stronger force toward the center of the  earth would squeeze the ocean away from there and toward a region not having  that increased force.
I will try to make this even more obvious. The pressure in the ocean  increases with depth. That pressure is primarily caused by the gravitational  attraction of the earth acting on the ocean. If the surface and bottom pressures  of the ocean are the same for two adjacent regions of the ocean, the ocean will  not flow from one region to the other.
However, if at one region the gravitation of the earth is abetted by the  gravitation of the moon, the pressure at the bottom of the ocean in that region  will be greater than for the adjacent region where the earth's gravitation is  not abetted by the moon. The ocean will then flow from the region having the  higher pressure to the region with lower pressure. Since water is relatively  incompressible, the level of the region that lost water will be lower than that  of the region that gained water. The old idea that the second high tide is  caused by gravitational attraction of the moon just doesn't hold water.
Those unacceptable ideas stimulated me to see if I could successfully model  tides using ordinary physics (as I was taught it so long ago) and without any  reference to prior work in the literature. As a starting point I chose  gravitational force and centrifugal force—the existence of the latter now denied  by many—as the two effective forces for interplay between objects as massive as  the sun, earth, and moon.
The following analysis of tides uses a simplified model. Neglecting solar  system dynamics and ocean dynamics, it gives a snapshot in time. Other real  features it initially neglects include the effects of the elliptical orbits of  the moon and earth, the inclination of the earth's axis to its solar orbit, the  inclination of the moon's orbit of the earth to the earth's orbit of the sun,  the oblate shape of the earth, and the influence of other solar system  planets.
Modern physics students are taught that forces are expressed in units called  Newtons. In my day it was kilograms or pounds. In structural stress analysis it  was kips (1000 pounds). The forces presented here are: 1. expressed as kilograms  of force per kilogram of weight, 2. taken as positive if they raise a part of  the ocean and negative if they lower it, and 3. resolved as their earth-radius  vector components (in the direction of the raising and lowering). We will first  analyze the forces on the equator of the earth in our model, then on a polar  great circle, and finally on a polar great circle with the earth's axis  tilted.
The situation we will initially examine is depicted in Figure 1, which is not  to scale. Note that the sun and moon are on the same side of the earth and all  lie on a straight line. Different position relationships of the earth, moon, and  sun do not alter the principles involved and do not change the order of  magnitude of the tides. In calculating the forces, the distances between the  centers of the sun and moon from the center of the earth are taken as their  average distances.
Any explanation of tides must account for the fact that many coastal areas on  earth experience two high tides a lunar day. That fact really embraces two  facts: the first that there are two high tides; the second that they occur in a  lunar day. A lunar day — the time between upper transits of the moon, or between  its risings, or between its settings — averages 24 hours and 50 minutes and  varies as much as 15 minutes either way. The primary objects affecting ocean  tides are the sun, earth, and moon.
As the earth circles the sun once a year and the moon circles the earth every  27.322 days, the earth spins on its axis once a day. The forces of the moon and  sun at any location in the earth's space change only a little in the course of  one day. The earth's daily spin causes different parts of the earth to pass  through the same portions of earth's space in that day. It follows that the  daily spinning of the earth causes the movement of the tides. The north and  south poles, however, do not move in earth's space during the course of a day.  They should not experience daily movement of tides.
Although we often consider the moon to be circling a 'stationary' earth, in  reality they both circle their common center of gravity or barycenter. The  barycenter, located about 4670 kilometers from the center of the earth, is about  1708 kilometers beneath the earth's surface. We usually think of the center of  the earth as orbiting the sun. Actually the barycenter, the center of gravity of  the earth-moon system, orbits the sun. Figure 2 depicts the earth and moon  orbiting the barycenter. The line connecting the centers of the earth and moon  always passes through the barycenter.
Figure 3, not to scale, illustrates how the earth and moon move around the  barycenter.
Fig. 3
Another widespread misunderstanding — reinforced by many  dictionaries — is that tides are "caused by the attraction of the moon and sun."  Gravitational attractive force is always directed toward its source or center.  The moon and sun, then, can only raise the ocean from the earth on the side of  the earth facing them. Their effect on the opposite side of the earth is to draw  the ocean toward the earth, to depress it. Were it not for a second kind of  force acting there, the water on the opposite would flow to the near side.  Gravitational force can account for only one of the two 'daily' high tides.  Although the moon is much closer to earth than the sun, we will find that the  sun's enormous mass makes its gravitational effect on the earth almost 200 times  that of the moon.
A non-gravitational force is also at work producing tides. Centrifugal forces  are always directed away from their centers of rotation; they account for the  second daily high tide. The earth revolves in three different ways: its daily  rotation on its axis, its 'monthly' (really 27.322 days) orbit of the earth-moon  barycenter, and its annual orbit of the sun. Each of those revolutions generates  centrifugal forces. Because the barycenter is located within the earth,  barycentric (or lunar) centrifugal forces in the equatorial plane are always  directed away from the earth, a direction that raises the oceans.
The daily spin of the earth on its axis generates enough centrifugal force to  cause the earth to be an oblate spheroid with an equatorial radius about 21  kilometers greater than its polar radius. When we say that something is moving  uphill we mean that it is moving farther from the center of the earth.  Therefore, the mighty Mississippi River flows uphill while travelling from north  to south, pushed by that centrifugal force. At the equator the earth's axial  spin generates a lifting centrifugal force of 3.44x10-3 kilograms on  each kilogram weight of material, whether that be water or dry land. That is the  force that can lift water 21 kilometers.
The equatorial model
The gravitational and centrifugal forces involved in the earth-moon-sun  relationship also cause some oblateness of the oceans. The forces causing tides  are a small component of the forces causing that oblateness. The tidal  components of the forces resulting from earth-moon interaction are on the order  of one one-hundredth of those forces. The tidal components of the forces  resulting from earth-sun interaction are on the order of one ten-thousandth of  those forces. Therefore, to make meaningful tidal force calculations the constants in the  equations used must be accurate to a sufficient number of significant  places.They must also assure a sufficient approximation of equality between a  body's centrifugal force and the gravitational force acting on it at its  intersection with the line of the orbit.All of that is explained on the constants and equations page that can be accessed from the previous menu.
Figure 4 illustrates the trigonometric relationships involved in calculating  the various forces acting at any position on the equator of the earth. The force  components that determine tides appear on the radial line lying on the earth's  center and that position. Angle A determines both the longitude and angle B. The  force vectors and their components, as shown, illustrate their trigonometric  relationships rather than their relative intensities.
Figure 5 shows the lunar forces and their total around the equator in  18-degree increments. The data for the equatorial model can be found on the data page accessible from the previous menu. We can  quickly observe that the lunar (barycentric) centrifugal force is always  positive (directed away from the earth's center) and has only one minimum and  maximum. The lunar gravitational force is positive and maximum at 0 degrees and  is negative and minimum at 180 degrees. The total force line shows the total of  the lunar centrifugal and gravitational forces. Note that the lunar total force  is always positive (directed away from the earth's center) and its magnitude is  the same as its components.
Figure 6 presents a magnified view of the lunar total force.
Figure 7 depicts the solar forces and Figure 8 is a magnified view  of the total solar force. Notice, in Figure 7, that the solar centrifugal and  gravitational forces also exhibit only one maximum and one minimum.
The total  solar force is never negative.
In Figure 9  the grand total force line gives the total of lunar and solar forces. It is  always positive and of the same magnitude. The grand total force, always  directed away from the earth's center, causes additional oblateness of the  oceans. The average grand total force is 4.70x10-6. Grand total force  deviates from that average by about 2 percent. Two high tides and two low tides  exist in those slight deviations.
As the high tides  move around the earth, water must move from regions of high tide to regions of  low tide. High or low tides are deviations of the ocean from its average level.  Tidal forces are the deviations of the lunar and solar total forces from their  average values. Figure 10 shows the deviations of the total forces from their  respective averages.
In Figure 10 the lunar tidal force is the difference between the lunar total  force (shown in Figure 6) and the average lunar total force. Notice, in Figure  10, that the lunar tidal force, solar tidal force, and total tidal force each  exhibit two high tides separated, of course, by two low tides. Note, also, that  the magnitude of the tidal forces is a very small part of the centrifugal and  gravitational forces that gave rise to them. The data also indicate that the  moon contributes about 60% of the tidal force and the sun the balance.
Since the 3.44x10-3 centrifugal force of the earth's daily  rotation raises the oceans 21 kilometers, the average grand total force of  4.70x10-6 raises the oceans another 28.7 meters all around. On the  same basis a total tidal force of 9.776x10-8 would produce a high  tide of about 60 centimeters in the middle of an ocean. Coastal and river tides  are usually much greater than that because of dynamic effects. At a coast the  water in an advancing high tide cannot move into a preceding low tide region and  therefore accumulates to produce a higher local tide. At the mouth of a river  large amounts of water are forced into a narrowing channel, so amplifying the  tidal effect. At the Bay of Fundy, for example, those dynamic effects can  produce a tide as high as 15 meters.
The polar grand circle model
The earth and moon orbit the barycenter once every 27.322 days and orbit the  sun every 365.25 days. The earth spins on its axis once a day, so causing the  tides to move in what is primarily a longitudinal direction. Latitude affects  the magnitudes of those longitudinally travelling waves.
As mentioned previously, the model we are considering is a simplified version  of reality, though not so condensed as to miss the primary effects. The  principal simplification relates to the earth's orbit of the sun and the moon's  and earth's orbits of the barycenter. The planes of all the orbits are assumed  to coincide. Furthermore, the earth's axis and the barycentric axis are assumed  to be perpendicular to the plane of the orbits. Those assumptions are depicted  in Figure 11. The transpolar plane mentioned below is the plane in which those  axes lie.
As the earth-moon system orbits the sun and as the earth's center orbits the  barycenter, those revolutions generate centrifugal forces on the earth and its  oceans. Centrifugal force generated by the earth's orbit of the barycentric axis  will be referred to as lunar centrifugal force. The gravitational attractions of  the sun and moon also cause forces on the earth and its oceans. The intensities of  the lunar and solar forces acting at any place on earth depend on the location  being considered. Those forces are dependent on the distances from their sources  or centers. Though the diameter of the earth is very small compared to its  distances from the moon and sun, the variations of those forces at various earth  locations accounts for the ocean tides. The forces depicted in the following  graphs are resolved as their vector components acting on an earth radius. Forces  directed away from the center of the earth act to raise the oceans and are taken  as positive. Forces directed toward the earth's center depress the oceans and  are taken as negative.
At the barycentric poles (the intersection of the barycentric axis with the  surface of the earth) there is no lunar centrifugal force. In this simplified  model the Earth's north and south poles, though they circle the barycenter, have  no radial component of the lunar centrifugal force. Between a barycentric pole  and the nearest north or south pole the radial component of the lunar  centrifugal force is directed toward the center of the earth and is taken as  negative. Figure 12 depicts the latitude variation of lunar forces on earth's  oceans in the transpolar plane.
In Figure 12 the centrifugal force line has zero crossings at the earth's  rotation poles and the barycentric poles. The barycentric poles are about 43  degrees above and below the orbital plane (the equator in the present model).  The lunar gravitational force is seen to be identical to that depicted in Figure  5. The resultant total lunar force is always positive.
The solar forces in the transpolar plane are identical to those in the  equatorial plane by virtue of symmetry. They have been recalculated and are  displayed in figures 13 and 14.
The transpolar grand total force, the sum of the lunar and solar forces, is  presented in figure 15.
The  grand total force graph indicates that the force is never negative. It implies  that since the total forces are greatest at 0 degrees latitude (i.e., east and  west in the transpolar plane) the lunar and solar forces add to the oblateness  of the earth.
The tilted transpolar model
More aspects of reality added to the model  alter the behavior of the model system. For example, if the inclination of the  earth's axis to the orbital plane were included, we would expect shifts in the  locations of the zero crossings depicted in Figure 12. As a consequence of those  shifts there would be forces at the north and south poles and there would be a  latitudinal component in the daily movements of tides. Figure 16 depicts the  effect of earth's axis tilt of 23.5 degrees on the grand total force.
The force curve is shifted 23.5 degrees to the right compared to  Figure 15. The red circles and red tick marks indicate latitude 66.5 degrees  north, the Arctic Circle. The leftmost +66.5 degrees latitude on the lunar side  of earth (the location nearest the orbital plane) experiences a force of about  2.75 E-6. At the same time the rightmost latitude +66.5 degrees (farthest from  the orbital plane) experiences zero force. The effect of the earth's rotation is  illustrated in Figure 17.
Twelve hours later those two positions on earth have  exchanged places relative to the moon and sun. Each position then experiences  the force previously experienced by the other. Those two positions on earth lie  on the same side of the earth relative to the sun and moon. They do not  experience two daily high tides; they have only one daily high tide. The same is  true for latitudes above 66.5 degrees north. The situation for southern  latitudes is analogous. However, the north and south poles have no daily change  of position with respect to the sun and moon. At those poles, as mentioned  above, there should be no daily tide at all. The grand total force at those  poles should merely raise the ocean level as a contribution to the oblateness of  the oceans. Any change in ocean level at the poles should only occur on an  annual basis.
More changes could be added to this model. For example, the moon's orbit of  the earth is inclined 5 degrees to the plane of the earth's orbit of the  sun...... and the sun is not always on the same line as the moon and earth......  the solar and lunar orbits are elliptical...... the distances change during the  course of a year......time could be included as a variable...... three  dimensional drawings......the other planets, ......
So little time. So much to do.
And now a few words from the sponsor:
Have questions about the  universe?
Find answers at http://www.theuniverse.andmuchmore.com/
