What causes tides to occur?
Search 5,000,000+ questions and answers.
Frequently Asked Questions
OceanFun Publishing: FAQ: Tide graph for any place in New Ze...
Tides are caused by the gravitational attraction of the sun and moon upon the eath's oceans, combined with the daily rotation of the earth. The motion of the sun. moon, and earth are entirely predictable, and so we can predict tides well into the future. Unfortunately, a large number of factors make the prediction process quite complex. As we demand more and more accuracy in the times and heights our predictions, so does the process become more complex.
EasyTide - on-line tidal predictions from the UKHO
There are basically three types of tidal regime. Diurnal tides are those where one High and one Low Water occur during a period of 24 hours  -  mainly experienced in the Pacific Ocean. Semi-Diurnal tides are characterised by having two High and Low Waters in a 24 hour period  -  mainly experienced in the Atlantic Ocean. See similar questions...
EasyTide - on-line tidal predictions from the UKHO
In the main a spring tide occurs 2 days after the date of New and Full Moon. However, a Spring Tide can occur anywhere from 0 to 4 days after New and Full Moon - it just depends upon the geographical location of the tidal station concerned and how the tide-generating forces are affected by friction on the surface of the earth. See similar questions...
EasyTide - on-line tidal predictions from the UKHO
The reason is that when the New and Full Moon occur, the two major semi-diurnal constituents (M2 and S2) of the tide raising force are precisely in phase. Consequently, High Water Springs will always occur at about the same time of day. To say that the Spring High Water (after New and Full Moon) should occur at local midday/midnight is purely theoretical, even though, coincidentally, this may be the case at your local port. See similar questions...
New Page 1
PAP is a condition in which surfactant, a normal milky substance lining the lungs, accumulates to abnormally high levels and results in a feeling of breathlessness. There are several different clinical forms or types of PAP; primary (also called idiopathic or occasionally acquired), secondary and congenital forms. Primary PAP is associated with high levels of antibodies that recognize and neutralize an essential blood protein called GM-CSF (granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor). See similar questions...
Untitled Document
Fistula (VVF and/or RVF) results from prolonged, obstructed labor. It occurs when a woman is unable to deliver her baby safely and cannot access emergency obstetric care, including a cesarean section. The constant pressure of the baby's head causes the tissues to disintegrate between the vagina and the bladder and/or between the vagina and the rectum. Top See similar questions...
Trigeminal Neuralgia , TN, tic douloreaux, is the trigeminal...
This is a very difficult question to answer. Some researchers say that if the occlusion (bite) of someone is not correct they will brux. Others say that it is a central nervous system disorder. Others say it is a multifaceted problem. For all practical purposes......EVERYONE bruxes. Therefore, the question is NOT whether a person does in fact brux. Rather, the better question is to what degree do they brux. See similar questions...
Varicose Veins - Frequently Asked Questions
Varicose veins are most commonly found on the legs of women and men who spend a lot of time on their feet. Birth control pills, hormone therapy, obesity, weight fluctuation, and constipation can also add to the development of varicose veins. See similar questions...
SFBA - FAQ
The tides can give you much grief if you don't pay attention or have an equipment breakdown. This can result in the "walk of shame", a long walk carrying your gear back to the launch or a rescue. Normally the best sailing is during an ebb tide, where the water is flowing out of the Bay. Here the current is in the opposite direction of the wind. This increases the apparent wind, makes it easy to stay upwind and can cause big swells. See similar questions...
Frequently Asked Questions - Tide Predictions and Data
Below is a listing of 50 locations from around the world where the largest range of tides that have been observed. Station Mean Range (feet) Burntcoat Head, Minas Basin, Bay of Fundy, Nova Scotia 38.4 Horton Bluff, Avon River, Minas Basin, Bay of Fundy, Nova Scotia 38.1 Amherst Point, Cumberland Basin, Bay of Fundy, Nova Scotia 35.6 Parrsboro (Partridge Island), Minas Basin, Bay of Fundy, Nova Scotia 34.4 Hopewell Cape, Petitcodiac River, Bay of Fundy, New Brunswick 33. See similar questions...
