Red Tide causes sea turtle die-off in El Salvador
March 24, 2006
A "Red Tide" event that occurred off the coast of El Salvador late last year directly caused the deaths of some 200 sea turtles, according to test results released today by the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) and other organizations.
Responding to requests from the Salvadoran government and the US Agency for International Development (USAID)for assistance, WCS veterinary pathologist Dr. Julie White journeyed to the southern coast of El Salvador in January to help determine why these ocean-going reptiles-mostly olive ridley turtles and a few green and hawksbill turtles-were dying in such high numbers. Tissues collected from dead turtles, and analyzed by both U.S. biologists and researchers from the Mexican Autonomous University, revealed the culprit: saxitoxin, which is produced by the species of algae and sea plankton that cause the phenomenon known as "Red Tide."
"The rapid response and subsequent diagnosis in this outbreak demonstrates the power of collaboration among governments and non-governmental organizations," said White, who collected tissue samples in January. "We are still testing samples from other turtles that died during this period, but we can say with some certainty that Red Tides first reported in November resulted in widespread sea turtle mortality."
The first reports of these deadly algal blooms came in November along El Salvador's southern coast, followed by reports of humans becoming sick. This was followed by the closure of shellfish beds in the area, a warning from the government against eating shellfish from affected areas, and the first instances of dead and dying sea turtles washing up on shore were reported in the second week in December. Dr. White then performed post-mortem examinations on one of the turtles, while simultaneously training Salvadorian colleagues in tissue collection techniques. Samples were then sent to Florida's Fish and Wildlife Research Institute, where technicians then found high levels of saxitoxin, which affects the nervous systems of humans and animals alike. Since then, no further deaths of large numbers of sea turtles have been reported from El Salvador, although a similar sea turtle die-off was reported in Panama in early February. In El Salvador, the levels of toxins in shellfish have decreased but are high enough to maintain the ban on harvesting shellfish.
Red Tide events have become increasingly common around the world, causing significant impacts on wild marine animal populations, massive economic losses to shellfish producers, and occasionally human deaths. While the algal blooms are a natural occurrence, human wastes such as run-off containing fertilizers and sewage from urban areas have been postulated as triggers for these events.
Wildlife Conservation Society
Red Tide
by Peg Brantley (Author)
See Peg Brantley's author page for a video trailer of RED TIDE. "This book will go a long way in introducing Brantley to readers as a force to be reckoned with in the thriller/mystery niche." —The Dirty Lowdown, Blogcritics.org “For fans of the serial killer genre, Red Tide is an engaging, well-plotted story with characters you won’t forget.” —L.J. Sellers, author of the bestseller Detective Jackson mysteries "The characters were engaging, and as the stakes kept rising, I worried about them as if they were old friends….Brantley manages to cover a lot of ground and give her characters depth and complexity." —Jaden Terrell, author of RACING THE DEVIL When both old and new secrets are uncovered at a burial site the timetable of a madman moves up. Old secrets were buried in the...
by Siren Publishing
[Siren Classic: Erotic Romantic Suspense, HEA]
Dive charter captain Mitch Jackson is ready to divorce her cheating ex and take a chance on romance with friend and business partner Ed Grey. She's tired of her love life being on hold. Truth be told, she's always carried a torch for Ed, but worried that their age difference made Ed think of her as the kid he knew.
Ed has silently loved Mitch for years. Her impending divorce will finally give him a chance to voice his true emotions. Unfortunately, life is never that simple. When they stumble upon a sunken drug vessel, a desperate criminal who's closer to them than they realize wants to send Mitch to a permanent watery grave.
Now, Mitch and Ed are on the run from a wily serial killer intent on stopping Mitch...
Red Tide: A Lawson Vampire Short Story (The Lawson Vampire Series)
Meet Lawson. A cynical, wise-cracking vampire charged with protecting the Balance between vampires and humans, he is part cop, part spy, and part commando -- James Bond with fangs. Lawson mixes shrewd cunning with unmatched lethality to get his job done. He tries his best to dismantle conspiracies, dispatch bad guys, and live long enough to get home.
Red Tide (Frank Corso)
by G.M. Ford (Author)
Terror has hit the West Coast with a vengeance—leaving a tunnel full of corpses beneath the Seattle streets, with a dark promise of far, far worse to come. Despite official attempts to keep the catastrophe under wraps, rogue journalist Frank Corso refuses to remain idle, immersing himself in a shadow world of senseless violence and unconscionable evil. For a strange connection that seems to tie one exceptionally brutal death with the impending destruction of thousands—perhaps millions—of innocent lives is pulling Corso and his best friend and ex-lover, photographer Meg Dougherty, deeper into the heart of a hideous conspiracy. And its nightmarish consequences will dwarf anything ever spawned by simple jealousy, greed, or bloodlust.
Red Tide
by R. Karl Largent (Author)
With a cadre of top-ranking Soviet officials plotting to overthrow the heirs of Gorbachev and Yeltsin, Commander T. C. Bognar must use his high-tech equipment to defeat his foes' cunning. Original.
 
