Tides
For assistance with accessibility on any TPWD documents, please contact accessibility@tpwd.state.tx.us
Those of you who have spent   some time on the beach have   probably noticed that the   water level of the ocean   does not stay the same all   day long. Although waves   continually wash the shore,   the actual water level changes   as the day passes. It rises   for a period of hours until   it reaches its highest level,   and then it begins to fall,   or recede, to its lowest   level. This rise and fall   of the ocean is known as   the tide. Its highest and   lowest levels are, of course   called high and low tides.   The incoming water is called   the flood current and the   outgoing water the ebb current.
Many years ago people thought   of some strange reasons   for these changes in water   levels. Some believed the   earth was a living animal   and the tides a result of   its breathing. Others, who   thought the ocean’s   waters were the earth’s   blood, decided the tides   were its pulse, caused by   the beating of its great   heart. Early followers of   the religious prophet Muhammad   believed that the rise and   fall of the waters were   caused when the “Angel   of the Sea” placed   his foot in and out of the   ocean. Primitive natives   thought the tides were a   sign of a sea god’s   anger and made human sacrifices   to please him.
Phases of the moon showing   spring tides and neap tides
As scientists learned more   about the earth, they began   to realize that the pattern   of the tides seemed to follow   the lighted shapes (phases)   of the moon. But, until   Sir Isaac Newton, an English   scientist, published his   theories on universal gravitation   in 1687, it was not known   just how the moon and tides   were related.
A simple way to picture   how tides occur is to imagine   the early completely covered   with a layer of water. As   the moon circles the earth,   its gravity pulls the water   out into a bulge on the   side of our planet nearest   it. The force of the spinning   earth (centrifugal force)   causes the water to bulge   on the opposite side of   the earth. These bulges   make the high tides. Half-way   around the earth on each   side between these two bulges   occur the low tides. As   the earth turns, the water   level rises or falls.
If the earth were covered   with water of the same depth,   there would be two identical   high and low tide cycles   over the entire surface   during a complete turn.   However the shape of the   land masses and the size,   shape, and depth of the   ocean basins, bays, gulfs,   and estuaries interfere   with this perfect cycle.   As a result, some coastal   shorelines have two high   and low tide cycles daily,   others only one, and still   others a mixture.
Because of the shape of   the basin of the Gulf of   Mexico, the Texas Coast   receives mixed tides. This   means that some days we   have two high and low cycles,   others only one, others   one high and two lows, and   still others two highs and   one low. Coastal newspapers   publish tide charts to tell   what times these high and   low tides will occur.
The range of the tide,   which is the difference   in the water level between   high and low tide, is also   affected by the physical   features of the land and   ocean. Some coastal shorelines   have a range of less than   one foot, but the Bay of   Fundy in Novia Scotia has   a tremendous range of fifty   feet or more.
The range along the Texas   Coast varies from a few   inches to a couple of feet.   This may not sound like   much of a rise, but you   must remember that it is   the actual water depth.   This means that on a fairly   flat beach, the water can   move onto the shore twenty   feet or more. Keep this   in mind if you camp on the   beach, or you may wake up   in the middle of the night and find the incoming tide   has moved into your tent   while you slept.
High     Tide: As the tide washes in, the incoming current stirs up nutrients and brings oxygen-rich water to stagnant pools. Ocean fish also move in to feed in the shallow waters.
Low     Tide: As the tide goes out, it carries with it dead or decaying vegetation as well as many marine animals. Those creatures left lying on the beach are quickly eaten by the birds.
Tides also are pulled by   the sun’s gravity.   Twice each month, when the   sun and moon pull together   on one side of the earth   (new moon) or pull on opposite   sides (full moon), the combined   gravity causes the highest   high tides, called spring   tides. The name spring tide   has nothing to do with the   season of the year, but   comes from the Anglo-Saxon   word springan, which means “to   rise.” Between the   two spring tides, during   the moon’s first and   third quarters, the lowest   high tides, called neap   tides, occur. At those times,   the pull of the sun is at   a right angle to the pull   of the moon, and the two   forces tend to cancel each   other.
You would think that the   pull of the moon and sun   and the physical features   of the land and water would   be enough things affecting   water levels, but wind and   weather also enter the picture   on occasions, although they   are not true tidal actions.   A strong wind blowing from   the ocean to the shore can   create a landward water   current that raises the   water level and causes higher   tides while it is blowing.   A strong wind blowing from   the shore to the ocean will   cause the opposite to happen.   When the barometric pressure   rises one inch, the additional   weight of the atmosphere   can lower the water level   about thirteen inches. A   drop in pressure raises   the water level.
The combination of a hurricane-type   wind and the low barometric   pressure associated with   such storms can produce   gigantic waves that are   commonly, but mistakenly,   called tidal waves. They   really have nothing to do   with regular tidal action   and would not happen under   normal conditions. Other   misnamed tidal waves are   caused by underwater earthquakes,   volcanic activity, or landslides.   To correct the idea that   these destructive waves   are caused by the tides,   the Japanese name for earthquake-type   waves, tsunami (tsso-NAH-mee),   is now being used.
Inland waters also feel   the gravitational pull of   the moon, but their tides   are so small as to be unnoticed.   The tide rise and fall in   Lake Superior is only about   two inches.
People who live along the   coast are probably more   affected by the rise and   fall of the water, but tides   are important to everyone.   Their daily flushing action   helps keep harbors and bays   clean by picking up waste   material and carrying it   out to sea where it can   settle to the bottom. They   also help to wash out silt   that may have settled at   the mouth of a bay.
A world of marine creatures   exists in the “Kingdom   of the Tides,” the   area rocked by the incoming   and outgoing waters, and   tides play an important   part in the ecology of the   bay and estuary areas. As   the tide sweeps in, it covers   the salt marshes, stirs   up nutrients (food), and   brings rich oxygen to stagnant   pools that remain from the   previous high tide. When   the incoming tide brings   its food over the oyster   reefs, the oysters open   their shells to feed. If   you were to take an oyster   from the Atlantic Coast   to a laboratory in El Paso,   for a period of time it   would continue to open and   close its shell at the times   the tide washes in and out   on the Atlantic Coast. However,   after a while, the animal   would respond to the gravitational   force of the moon in El   Paso and begin to open and   close its shell to feed   as if El Paso were on the   ocean.
Ocean fish ride in on the   incoming tides to feed in   the flooded shallows. For   this reason, better fishing   days are usually those which   have extra strong incoming   tidal currents to bring   food and fish into the bays.   Flounder fishermen wading   in the shallows during an   incoming tide may have better   luck gigging this tasty   fish since low tides expose   the shallow feeding areas   and force the flounder to   move out into deeper waters.
As the tide recedes, many   marine animals bury themselves   in the wet mud to await   the next tide. Birds swoop   down to feed on the ones   left lying on the beach   when the tide goes out.
Additional       Information:
Ilo       Hiler
1983 Tides. Young   Naturalist. The   Louise Lindsey Merrick Texas   Environment Series, No.   6, pp. 130-133. Texas A&M   University Press, College   Station.
