Ocean Bar Conditions
Reading Weather,  Bar & Ocean Conditions for a Small Boater
Ocean fishing in the Pacific Ocean off Washington & Oregon can be a rewarding experience.  It can also be rather exciting under the  wrong conditions.  Listed below will be information for you to help understand  what you may be getting into.  This is not to scare you off, but to expose you  to some of the things to look for that may help bring you back to port safely.
The picture below is not a bar crossing, but is  spectacular enough ocean conditions to warrant sharing with fishing persons who  may have been in situations like this in a small boat & made it safely back to  shore.   Some have been known to even kiss the ground afterwards.   The skipper  in cases like this has to be GOOD & having an angel sitting on his shoulder sure  doesn't hurt either.
An 18' Boston Whaler  heading        for Swiftsure Bank out of Neah Bay in 1991, but they soon turned back
The photographer here being Tim Dahl, running from a companion boat
Weather:  At  the start  of the normal bottom-fish seasons in May, there are days when even  the charter boats cancel out due to weather conditions.   When the normal Salmon  seasons begin, (middle of June or the first of July) the weather may still be  somewhat unpredictable.  If the Dept of Fish & Wildlife give us a early Chinook  season, you can expect to stay on the beach a few days because of bad weather,  even up to the end of July.  As the season progresses, the weather tends to  stabilize up to the end of October or so, but the ocean Salmon seasons are  usually ended by then.
If there has been a storm, the ocean may take from 2  to 4 days to lay down afterwards.  So even if the flags are not flying right  after a storm, you can still encounter rough seas no matter what the tides  are.  
It is advisable to listen to VHF  Weather channel 3 or 4 depending on your location, for an updated marine weather  report.  
In the areas that the Coast Guard is  stationed, they usually have a tower that flies the NOOA marine weather warning  flags.  It is advisable to look at this tower to see if small-craft warnings are  flying before launching if the weather is, or has been questionable.   
 NOOA Weather Warnings:  The NOAA weather warnings  and the USCG Rough Bar warning system are two different things altogether.   Although NOAA will on occasion forecast for rough bar conditions this is  strictly due to a offshore weather pattern that has developed abnormal swells.  You can have small craft advisories and not have a rough bar restriction in  place as you could also have a rough bar restriction and not have small craft  warnings in effect.  Therefore the NOAA warning flags are not a reliable means  of predicting if the bar is restricted.  The primary cause of rough bar  conditions is a combination of swell and tidal conditions.
Rough Bar Closure:  The Rough Bar signs have been in place  at the marina areas since 1980 when the regulation was established.   The US  Coast Guard is authorized to impose fines up to $1100 to pleasure boaters & uninspected commercial passenger vessels for failure to obey imposed bar  restrictions, pursuant to 33CFR177.05.   At the entrance to most river bars from  the harbors where there are USCG stations, there is a large diamond shaped sign  as shown below.   When the amber lights are flashing alternately as shown, will  be visible when exiting a boat basin or before you get to the closed area from  upstream if the bar is closed.   In the past they would place a Lifeboat on the  bar to turn boaters back, but now that the home Land Security missions have  exploded, they are having to find more innovative ways to get the message out to  the public. 
These flashing lights would not be  visible from the ocean outside the bar, but a Coast Guard boat would usually be  stationed just outside the bar patrolling back & forth.  If the bar is closed,  this Coast Guard vessel will be displaying a blue flashing light.  
To determine whether the bar will be  closed, usually a 47' CG vessel goes out at the appropriate time & is stationed  inside the bar watching the water conditions.   It is their call & they do have  some latitude in making this decision as the minimal criteria set forth by the  Coast Guard would probably close bars the majority of the time.   
Unsafe bar conditions are defined as:
· Wave height four feet or greater, or,
. Wave height is greater than the length of the boat divided by 10 plus the  freeboard, or,
· The surface current is four knots or greater.
 
These conditions are the minimum criteria of what is considered unsafe.
But regardless of the means and  technology they can not update the restrictions in the dark, so updated  conditions will not be posted until first light in the morning.  This does not  help those who are traveling to the area from inland but it is the best they can  do with the technology available.  The best way to help boaters is to teach them  how to look a the weather forecast and make informed decisions.
The USCG are directed by legal stature & do have to direct their closures to the inexperienced boater.   This will no  doubt restrict the experienced boater however.  But the experienced inland lake  operator's idea of whitewater is not the same here & he may well be  overconfident, creating potential problems.  
The Coast Guard places different degrees  of restrictions, as for 16',  24' or 30' boats.    If you are  bigger than the restriction, you may legally cross.
If the bar is closed, some Coast Guard  stations may place personnel at the launches & on some of the docks to inform  boaters.  There is in the process at many bars to have an Low power AM Radio  Transmitters that broadcasts repeating weather forecasts & bar warnings to provide readably accessible information to the boater as they enter  the local area .  Also at Westport there in the works for  the 2005 season, to install a large white board at the launch area with the  weather/bar conditions.
When the bar is restricted, there is a safety broadcast  on channel VHF channel 16, likewise when the restriction is lifted.  There is a  recorded phone message that the public can call to get the restrictions; it also  is updated when the conditions change.  The stations also notifies the local  radio stations who in turn broadcast the conditions and restrictions.    It is  also there to relieve the communications watch stander at the local Coast Guard  Station from having to answer numerous calls on the radio for condition  updates.  This will also be handy to inform the boater of a restriction prior to  launching or paying ramp fees, just to be turned around on the bar.
When the lights are flashing & there is no Coast Guard  boat in sight, hail them on VHF radio Channel 16 and ask for a bar report, and  if there are any restrictions.  They will probably have you switch over to  Channel 22 to give you the report.   Knowing how to use a  VHF radio is also very important.   VHF radios come equipped with three  different transmission modes:  US, International and Canadian.  In International  mode Channel 22 is a duplex frequency which means you will not hear the Coast  Guard calling you back.  Make sure that you read your owners manual and know how  to set your VHF radio to US frequencies. 
If the bar is closed at Westport, the  upstream side will usually be from the Westport marina entrance buoy #2, north  to buoy #13.  The ocean side closure will usually be inside of buoys #4 to #5.
This sign is just outside the Westport boat basin on the river side of "The Point"
Rule of 12: 
The formula below is used to        calculate the amount of river flow at a bar.  It is called the "rule of        12".  This flow will be best described as:
  1st hour after a tide change will have 1/12th of the flow 
  2nd hour will be 2/12ths   
  3rd hour will be 3/12ths
  4th hour will be 3/12ths 
  5th hour will be 2/12ths 
  6th hour will be 1/12th
From this table you can  see that the maximum flow will be the middle 2 hours of an exchange.  This  usually equates to the bar being roughest at that time. 
How to Somewhat  Understand Offshore Weather Forecasts:  It is advisable to go to at least one of the  internet marine weather  sites,   http://www.wrh.noaa.gov/Portland/marine.html , and also the buoy site http://www.ndbc.noaa.gov/Maps/Northwest.shtml   to get information that at  least will give you some idea as to what to expect.  On the buoy site, look at  it often enough so you can tell the wave height and time between the waves as a  comparison.  It is recommended that you look at this site before you go there  and then when you are there make some notes as to the sea conditions so you have  something to actually compare or visualize what they are saying.
Many knowledgeable  boaters use this general rule, if  looking at, or listening to a marine weather forecast, if the sum of the Wind  Waves + the Height of the Swell exceed the Time, in seconds, STAY HOME
Example:
Wind Wave, 2-3 ft  +  Swell, 7 ft. = 10
Time, in seconds = 7    STAY ON THE BEACH
(Wave + Swell exceeds Time)
The above would in all probability not be realistic  anyway, in that the time would usually be shorter, & therefore rougher  conditions.
Usually the wave heights are not the only thing to look at, as the time between  the swells can be a contributing factor. When it gets down to  WW 1', S 5' & Time at 6 seconds, no matter a lesser height, there is also a closer time, it  will be about the same criteria to stay home, as it WILL be choppy for a small  boat.   An more ideal day on the water would be a 1 ft WW, 4 ft Swell, & 10  seconds Time.  But if you look only for this condition, you had better take up  golfing to fill in.  Now if you are watching the buoy reports, the actual height  measured on these buoys is usually less than the Wind Wave + Swell (height in  the forecasts).
Here is an actual  marine forecast that should shake the boots off any knowledgeable boater.  30  knot winds & combined seas of 30' at 12 seconds.
COASTAL WATERS FROM CAPE  SHOALWATER, WA. TO CASCADE HEAD, OR. OUT 20 TO 60 NM-
9:09 PM PDT SAT MAY 21 2005
...SMALL CRAFT ADVISORY IN EFFECT THROUGH SUNDAY AFTERNOON...
--TONIGHT...SW WIND 20 TO 25 KT. WIND WAVES 6 FT. W SWELL 10 FT AT 10  SECONDS...BUILDING TO 16 FT AT 10 SECONDS. A CHANCE OF SHOWERS.
--SUN...S WIND 25 TO 30 KT...BECOMING SW 20 TO 25  KT IN THE AFTERNOON. WIND WAVES 7 FT. W SWELL 23 FT AT 12  SECONDS...SUBSIDING TO 20 FT AT 12 SECONDS IN THE AFTERNOON. CHANCE OF  SHOWERS.
--SUN NIGHT...W WIND 15 TO 20 KT...BECOMING SW 10 TO 15 KT AFTER MIDNIGHT. WIND  WAVES 4 FT...SUBSIDING TO 2 FT AFTER MIDNIGHT. W SWELL 17 FT AT 13 SECONDS...  SUBSIDING TO 14 FT AT 13 SECONDS AFTER MIDNIGHT. 
--MON...W WIND 5 TO 10 KT...BECOMING NW 10 TO 15 KT IN THE AFTERNOON. WIND WAVES  2 FT. W SWELL 12 FT...SUBSIDING TO 10 FT IN THE AFTERNOON. 
--MON NIGHT...N WIND 10 TO 15 KT. WIND WAVES 2 FT. W SWELL 8 FT.
--TUE...N WIND 10 KT...RISING TO 15 TO 20 KT IN THE AFTERNOON. WIND WAVES 1  FOOT...BUILDING TO 4 FT IN THE AFTERNOON. W SWELL 6 FT. 
--TUE NIGHT...N WIND 15 TO 20 KT...EASING TO 10 TO 15 KT AFTER MIDNIGHT. WIND  WAVES 4 FT...SUBSIDING TO 2 FT AFTER MIDNIGHT. W SWELL 5 FT. 
 
Most NOOA marine forecasts are for a 24 hour period, this means the forecast is  to cover the overall long range period, & even with a somewhat bad looking  forecast, you can possibly get out early in the AM & be off the water by the  time a wind picks up in the early afternoon.  Look at the forecast as close to  the day you intend to go out, as 2-3 days in advance is a long range estimate & they can change.  I have been there on a  4 day forecast of 10 to 20 kt winds,  Wind Waves of 1-3' & a Swell of 6' & a Time of  7 sec.  Later it was changed the  day before to 10-15kt, WW of 1-2 & Swell 4' & a Time of 9 sec. This is a  considerable change that may have persuaded some to stay home if only looking at  the long range forecast.
Sometimes I think the forecasters, (for liability  reasons) stretch the forecasts.  Some of my calmest days on the water called for  25 knot winds and small craft advisory in the forecast.  At times I have heard a  NOAA weather  report with 4' seas, 1-2' wind waves at 5 seconds for the next  day.  Actuality the water was slightly choppy in the morning, but rather flat  most of the day with the timing closer to 10 seconds.  I guess you just have to  listen to the report, be there, & decide for yourself if the CG doesn't for  you.  The above is not to downgrade the forecasters, but don't think you & your  boat are invincible, as if you go out on your terms, you may then HAVE to get  back on mother natures terms & she does not bluff. 
In most coastal areas, it can be foggy all day  offshore, but it will usually be clear during the regular Salmon season on  shore.  Later however during the bay fisheries,  or Buoy 10, it can be foggy at  least up to noon inshore.
The wind if there  is any, will be coming from offshore & usually from the southwest or  northwest. If you are trolling, after the wind picks up in the afternoon, it can  get hard to control the boat unless you  put the wind on your stern or at least  to the side of the boat.  It seems that a 10 MPH wind is going to be normal in  about any normal fishing day here.  It would be considered normal for the wind  on most days pick up & be up to15 -20 MPH about 1 to 2PM, then later in the  evening will slow down again
The recommendation is that anyone using  these waters, acquire a marine chart of the area, look at it enough before you  head out so you have an idea of the water depths, starting GPS locations, and  keep the chart, or photo copies of it on the boat.
If the ocean is rough enough for the  Coast Guard to close the bar, you MAY still be able to fish for bottom fish  along the jettys & or drop off crab pots inside. If they do close the bar, it is  for your protection.  Most closures however will be only for a period of time  until the tide has changed & the bar has settled down, unless there is a storm.  These same closures WILL also NOT allow you to re-cross to come back in if the  weather is bad.
PFD's: It  is highly recommended that while under way,  especially while crossing ANY bar, that Personal Floatation Devices be worn by ALL on board ANY small craft.  The reason for this is, that if you  get in trouble especially ON THE BAR, & something happens, it will happen so  fast that you will not be able to get to, (possibly less than 5 seconds) way  less time to even find your PFD, much less put it on.  The new inflatable  suspender type PDF's are comfortable to wear & should accomplish the desired  effect.  
I recommend that you purchase the best  one you can afford, & preferably a self-inflatable one.  Then check & or  replace the "pill" yearly & the CO2 cartridge at least every two years.  The  better units may have small pockets that  small survival gear like a knife,  flashing strobe light, whistle etc. can be stowed.  They also have "D" rings in  front where you can snap a lanyard to that is in turn attached to the boat.  This could be a plus or a detriment depending on the circumstance, but that is  where the readily available knife comes into play.
General Rules: The one thing that will get you in more trouble than  any other thing is SPEED.  This is not a boat race, hold your speed down if it  is rough, and then cut the throttle as you ride over the a crest so that you do  not slam the bow of the boat into a trough on the backside of a crest. 
Most rivers on the coast, you will need  to be observant of the tides if operating a small boat.  Tidal exchange is the  main key to crossing any bar.  Probably the ideal time to cross is on either  high slack,  or low slack, or an hour before to two hours after it.  However the  time of this tide many times does not allow you as a fisherman, to cross on one  high tide & come back on the next high tide 6 hrs later during daylight hours. 
Under normal condition the roughest bar  will occur on the middle of an outgoing tide when the river is rushing out & being resisted by the ocean.  Usually if nothing else is encountered, (as wind  conditions) on the outgoing tide, the bar will be roughest from about 3 to 4  hours before a low tide. All else taken into consideration, he bar usually tends  to not be as rough on the incoming tide,. Again the flattest of any tide will  possibly be the 1 hour before to 1 or 2 hours after the tide low or high listed  on a tide book.
It is also my opinion that the main flow  of the river & the fastest, either in or out will be in the center of the  channel.  Therefore it is recommended to stay away from the center  of the river  on anything other than a slack tide.  You don't want to hug the jetty either, as  there could be a slightly slower "rip" somewhere away from the  center.  Look  for it, but you will have take into account that it may change with each  tide.  The center flow may not be there depending on shoaling & or dredging  also.
Heading out From  Illwaco:  From Illwaco you will go out the channel to the southwest, past the fish buyers  buildings on the right, follow the west shore past the State Park launch, & as  you come to the Coast Guard station, you need to slow down as there is a sign "NO WAKE".  Past the CG station, the channel makes a bend to the left & then  heads more to the south & into the river.  As you go past the pilings on the  left & out, you will then be in the Columbia River.  At this location, depending  on the tide & river flow, you could encounter water turbulence.
From here you turn to the west & head  toward buoy 11.  Now you will need to observe what you see in front of you to  make a decision as to IF you are going to continue & go out, or  to decide which  side of the river to exit from.
Wind and Big Swells can make the crossing  interesting anytime.  If there are 2-4 feet waves and favorable wind and ocean  conditions, you can usually cross at about anytime, but this is rare.  If the  wind is from the south be careful as it can pick up real fast and make for a  miserable crossing and an awful ocean.  This bar is wide and conditions can be  very different on the North, South, or mid channel.
Crossing the  Columbia River Bar:  What exactly are  you looking for here? 
(1) Large swell - don't cross on an an outgoing tide, especially on a large  tidal range. Check your tide book.
(2) Swell from the SW - best to hug the south side but don't run much south  of the red buoy line until you get past buoy 12.  After 12 you can pretty much  cut to the tip of the south jetty - but early in the year there are lots of crab  pots to get caught on - so be on the lookout.  The jetty extends underwater from  the tip of the visible jetty out to buoy 2SJ - gets to about 10' depth at low  tide near the visible tip.   I would stay at least 100 yards west of the tip if  running out.  There can be a pretty good rip that develops right on top of the  sunken jetty that you have to slow down to get across, but once across - smooth  sailing.  This can many times cut several miles off a lumpy bar crossing (watch  for out for crab pots).
(3) Swell from the NW - hug the green buoy line, but don't go north of the  green line until past buoy 7
(4) Swell from the W - stay off the south side until past buoy 8 or  so. By the time you get to buoy 10 you can make a decision where to get across  to the S. Jetty by looking toward the tip of the Jetty. If you see them rolling  in and breaking, don't go there. Continue down the red buoy line until past the  breakers. Ultimately, south of the S. Jetty is the smoothest, but getting there  can be tough at times.
(5) Small swell, small tidal range, your pretty much good to go any  time (small swell is something in the 3' or less, small tidal range is something  in the 6' or less).
(6) If your running the red buoy line, don't go much south of buoy 12  or 14 (stay in 30 ft of water).  A good line to take if coming from Hammond, is  buoy 20 to 14 to 12.  After that, you can cut south to the jetty (see 2 and  above)
(7) If your running the green buoy line, don't go much north of the  line until past 7
(8) Hard ebbs - stay away from the buoys & breakwater pilings, especially the  north side around Jetty A (Ilwaco entrance).
(9) One of the worse spots can be around buoy 14.  Many folks turn  around (if coming from the Oregon side) when they get to 14 as they think the  bar is too rough.  Just slide across the river to the north side (run north)  until your past the rip and keep heading out. 
The north side can be very dangerous and  unpredictable & very rough while just several miles south at the CR buoy it will  be flat. One of the reasons for this is that the current flows north (into the  swells and often into the NW wind) on the north side and flows south on the  south side.  Peacock Spit (North) can be a very dangerous and claims a lot of  boats each year. The winter of 2003 during a storm  the waves where breaking  over the top of buoy 10.  On peacock spit the breakers were 45' high. 
Others?  Probably appropriate but not enough space to cover it here,  it is  advisable to take a basic seamanship course regarding following seas, trim tabs,  broaching, etc. here. There are lots of more learned discussions in other places  like even boating/fishing message boards. 
Heading back in over the Columbia River Bar:  If any roughness is to be encountered, you will be able to see it better from  inside looking out, as you can see the white water off the tops of the waves.  Coming back in, you are looking at the backs of these waves & can not see if  there is any white water coming off the tops.  Therefore the water looks calmer  when you are outside looking in.  If the Bar is humped up and you are coming  back in listen to your radio (many monitor VHF 68 or 69  and 13 CB) and don't be  afraid to ask for a Bar report.  Also, the coast guard will respond to your  request for a Bar condition report if you fail to get a report from other boats  . If they don't then as for it from them on VHF channel 16.
Heading out from  the Willapa:  The normal  launch for this area would probably be Tokeland.  The Port of Willapa has  installed a double lane launch & docks.  They recently dredged the boat basin.  There is a small tackle shop at this ramp
Leaving the boat basin, you will be heading south, once  you get out past the markers, you will head west.  Then stay along the RH  shore.  You will have to pass a short rock jetty that protrudes into the river  that was installed about 2000 to protect the shoreline at "Washaway Beach".  You  may encounter turbulence near the buoy & this breakwater during a mid tide .  The channel follows the RH shore to the ocean & then heads west & then SW.
Looking outward at the Bar, from the Washaway jetty, with Cape Shoalwater        on the right, notice breakers on the left
Crossing the  Willapa River Bar:  Crossing the bar here can be  dangerous for a small boater if you are not VERY observant.  As just outside the  point of land, the channel angles off to the Southwest & somewhat parallels the  breakers.  Recent reports are that the bar's channel has changed to where at a  low tide the depth is less than 20'.  
If the tide is a high slack & no wind, then it should be  no problem, except when you want to come back in.  If you insist on using this  bar, then it may be best that on your first time out for each year, to explore  it somewhat & make GPS readings on just where the channel  really is for that  year.  If you have a wind & tide running, it is best that the small boater  remain inside.
"South Channel", which is a 50-60' deep large area just south of  Deadmans  Island & north of Leadbetter Point.  This is more protected than the main  Willapa channel which can have a severe current at the outgoing tide.  There are  no buoys or markers on this "south side".  This channel shallows up considerably  as it nears the ocean & breakers can be on the outside.  It is not recommended  crossing here to the open ocean, unless you do it at a high tide & then take a  GPS reading from the inside so you know where to come back across at, as the  breakers all look alike from the outside & you will not know where this channel  should be.  Not really recommended however.
Heading out from  Westport / Grays Harbor:  Leaving the boat basin from the launch, head  straight out through the slot in the breakwater piling, then hang a left & head  north for the end of the short rock breakwaters at the point. DO NOT GO EAST OF PILING MARKER #7, as it  designates the edge of Whitcomb Flats.  As you enter the main river off the  point, there are a couple of rock breakwaters.  Just outside of these, there is  a shallow bar of about 15-20’ depth, you may encounter a turbulence here for a  couple of hundred yards depending on the tide.  Once you get beyond this little  bar, the main river deepens and the water flattens out.  There is a small red  can buoy "4 T" in the middle of the exit channel.  Head toward the "4 T" buoy,  then turn to the west and head out the main river.
It is suggested that after you enter the main river & can see west with the  south jetty on your left in the distance, head straight out the southern middle  of the river to #11, the next one will then be #9.  This #9 buoy is beyond the  end of the south jetty by about half a mile.  If you are going to encounter any  roughness it will be about this #9 buoy to beyond #8, which is about 500 yards.  From #9 you want to head toward #8, but depending on the currents & roughness  off the old submerged jetty, you may have to hold slightly north of it.  When  you get beyond the old jetty turbulence, you then can head close to either side  of #8.  At #8 you can immediately swing to the left & head southwest toward #6.  Buoy #8 & buoy #6 are fairly close together.  After you head toward #6 you will  usually be beyond any bar wave conditions.
Distance from the launch to buoy #8 is about 5.5 miles. From the end of the  existing South Jetty to buoy #8 is about 1.5 miles.  Buoy #8 is about equal in a  westerly direction as the end of the North Jetty.
Crossing the Grays  Harbor Bar:   As mentioned before, the actual  bar will be from about buoy #9 to just beyond buoy #8 under most conditions.  Timing of the tide can make a great difference as to whether you may encounter a  flat bar or a rough one.  If there is no wind, or about a 10mph one, when you  try to cross and the tide is slack or within an hour after, you MAY be able to  cross at 25 mph.  However if you try to cross in the middle of a tidal exchange,  things WILL be different. 
The tide exchange will govern how rough  the bar is going to be. The low tides will have one real low tide each day & the  other low tide will be somewhat higher.  Look at the tide book & compare the  difference between two tides closest to the time you intend to cross.  From a  fisherman’s standpoint, if we look at the Pacific Beaches tides for July 13,  2002, the high tide is 8.4’ at 3:33AM & the following low tide is –1.0’ at  10:26AM, you therefore have a 9.4’ run off.  The next high tide is at 4:59PM at  7.7’ with a difference of 8.7.  For the inexperienced, this is not a really good  week-end to try to cross on your time-frame.
Using the above figures, if you want to  fish & cross at about 6:00AM, this means you will be bucking the roughest  section of the bar at that time.  You may consider waiting a couple of hours.  This bar was crossable at 7:30AM on this day with no real problem, it was  however a little snotty.  You then can come back across about anytime from up  till 8PM with little problems because you will be coming in on the incoming  tide, into high slack & beyond.  If you cross during  the mid tide you may  encounter incoming swells pushing you in.  These swells will probably never be  right on your stern, but quartering, & usually from the NW.  You will be going  slower than they are, so his means as these swells will catch up with you, & pass under you.  You will be rocked to the right as it rides up to you, & then  to the left as it passes under you.  This can get dangerous if you are going too  fast.
Another situation can be looked at for  August 4, 2002.  The high tide is at 10:31 AM & is 5.6’, with the next low tide  at 3:27 PM at 3.1’.  This gives a runoff of only 2.5’. With this low runoff, it  means you can cross the bar about anytime you wish during normal fishing hours.
Heading out from  LaPush:  The Coast Guard has a yellow "Rough Bar"sign on the upper end of  their boat coverage to the east of the launch, IF the wave height is over 4' the  there will be 2 yellow flashing lights on the upper sides of this sign.  This  indicates a rough bar & they have closed it for any crossing.
Indian        fisherman netting in the channel
Looking back        at the channel
Coming out the Quileute River from the  boat basin, you will head west.  The channel is not wide, follow the south jetty  out to it's end, James Island is a short distance to the north, (RH).  You pass  between the island & the jetty. The slot is minimal (about 150') in comparison  to other river bars.  Once you are past the jetty you are basically in the  ocean. You will however notice the rock on the north side of the channel near  the island.  Most boaters head south out of here until they get out beyond James  Island & then make their heading change.  The above pictures were taken at near  a high tide.   
Conditions are usually not severe as the  island & the jetty protects most of the entrance except possibly with a  southerly wind & at low tide.
It is suggested you take a GPS reading of  this entrance for a safe return if happens to turn foggy because there is little  room for miscalculations.
Neah Bay: Big Salmon Fishing Resort, PO box 140,  98357  1-866-787-1900,   www.bigSalmonresort.com is run by the  Makah Indian tribe, &  has a  installed good marina & tackle store about the year 2000.  Good ramp & moorage,  with sleeping rooms  & with RV parking / cabins nearby.
One thing to look out for  here, is that if there is a East wind blowing down the straits, don't go west  out into the straits, unless you tuck in south behind Cape Flattery out of the  wind & fish near the shore.  You however may be best to head east & bottom-fish  around Wadda, Sail or Seal rocks.   This easterly wind can get rough unless you  are in a protected area.
There is no real bar here  as the entrance to the harbor is protected by a breakwater & Wadda Island.  But  if you intend to fish the ocean, you will need to go out past Wadda, turn around  it & head west following the mainland.  You will be heading toward the south end  of Tattosh Island.  Here there is a slot, (about 300 yards wide) that you will  have to run  thru between the mainland & the island.  There are a couple of  submerged rocks in about the middle of this slot. So it is best to hold close  (48-23-32  124-44-02) to the south side of the island as you pass it.
Once you pass the island  you are in the ocean, the conditions will usually settle down unless there is a  strong westerly wind blowing.
Coast Guard Boarding: You can be stopped by the US Coast Guard & boarded for about any reason.   Number one is SAFETY, & are you compliant with  the required equipment aboard your boat?   You have to allow them to board you,  except if you feel that the location is too rough & it will put your or your  boat in jeopardy.   Under these circumstances you may request that they move the  boarding location to calmer water.   They will also be looking for possible drug  smuggling.
If you DO NOT have either Life Jackets, a Fire Extinguisher or Flares, you  WILL be escorted back to the launch/dock.   If your flares are expired, you just  may be asked to return to shore & purchase current ones.  It is recommended that  you get a USCG Auxiliary boating safety inspection & the sticker attached to  your port side window.   These volunteer inspections give you a heads up as to  what is required.   To look at the requirements of this inspection, CLICK HERE .   These volunteer inspections can also be of  benefit in that if the CG were inspect boats & time may be a requirement on  their part, if there were 2 boats together, & you had the current inspection  sticker & the boat next to you did not, you could possibly get passed by.
Once they do inspect you, you will  receive a yellow copy of the boarding.  If you happen to be boarded again that  season, show them your yellow copy & they will verify that it is indeed from  your recent boarding & let you go.
The local Coast Guard does not write any  tickets specifying specific fines for violations.  They forward their report to  a central hearings officer that looks over the papers & will then send you an  actual citation & fine in the mail.
Problems on the Water & the Coast Guard is Called: If you contact the  Coast Guard for a mechanical breakdown, depending on where you are located, they  may or may not tow you in.   The reason is that legally they can not compete  with commercial towing companies.   So if your breakdown was in the San Juans,  Elliot Bay or out of the Columbia river, where a towing company was close, the  Coast guard would have to pass you off to a commercial boat towing company,  unless you were in an emergency situation where the boat was sinking or there  was a medical emergency involved.   These towing companies are known to charge  excessive amounts of money for their services.  Probably because they have you  in a situation where you have no control, so it is advisable to purchase towing  insurance.
If you have contacted the Coast Guard & are waiting for the tow boat or if the Coast Guard is busy with a life  threatening situation, they will call you on VHF every 1/2 hour to verify your  situation.   If your situation starts to deteriorate, by either weather  conditions, or your boat is taking on water etc., they will then contact you  every 10 minutes, which could speed up their response from stand by to go get  you.
Once they have a line on you & render  assistance, be prepared for a formal boarding where your flares, fire  extinguisher, bilge pump, etc. will be looked at when they get you to a dock.
US Coast Guard phone numbers for the NW
                          Weather  Phone  -  Business Phone
