New Zealand tides are moderate by world standards. The       tidal range is 1–2 metres, and tidal currents are generally       about 2 kilometres per hour (1 knot). The exception is Cook       Strait, where tidal currents can be much stronger.
The moon’s gravitational pull
Tides are mainly driven by the gravitational pull of the       moon and sun on the ocean. The moon has the most influence as       it is the closest to earth.
The moon rotates around the earth in about one day. Its       gravity attracts a bulge of water (high tide) that travels       around the earth. The reason there are two high tides is the       common centre of mass about which the moon–earth system       rotates. The centre of rotation is about two-thirds out from       the centre of the earth (rather than in the centre itself).       The earth acts like a centrifuge, causing a second bulge in       the ocean opposite to the moon.
When the sun, moon and earth line up, their gravities act       together and cause especially high and low tides known as       spring tides (which have nothing to do with the season). When       the sun and moon are at right angles their gravities cancel       each other out, causing small tides known as neap tides.
Tides are the result of complex natural influences, and       are produced by as many as 62 constituents. The most       important of these is the gravitational pull of the moon and       sun. The moon does not revolve around the equator, but at an       angle to it. So the two bulges of water that travel around       the earth are above and below the equator. This means that       some places have two high and low tides a day (semi-diurnal),       while other places have daily (diurnal) tides.
A diurnal tide occurs in the Ross Sea around Antarctica.       The tide returns once a day (every 24.84 hours), and its       height reduces to almost zero every 13.66 days.
New Zealand has semi-diurnal tides. This twice-daily rise       and fall of sea level is primarily caused by the main lunar       tide (known as the M2 – the ‘M’ stands for moon and the ‘2’       for twice a day). The time between high tides varies from day       to day because the orbits of the moon around the earth, and       the earth around the sun, are not exactly circular. On       average, the moon rotates around the earth once every 24.8       hours, so that the M2 occurs in half this time – 12.4       hours.
Prediction and measurement
Because the orbits of the moon and earth are regular, it       is relatively straightforward to predict the tides far in       advance. All one needs is a month-long record of sea level at       the site of interest. Tide gauges can be used to measure the       height of the tide every few minutes. However, not all places       have gauges, so computer models have been developed to       compute tidal constituents for all coastal locations. A New       Zealand-specific tidal computer model is run by the National       Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research (NIWA) in       Wellington.
Stunned fish
French Pass is a narrow gap that separates D’Urville         Island from the South Island. The tides flowing through it         can create a maelstrom. When the tides change, the currents         are sometimes strong enough to stun fish, which float to         the surface. Māori living on the island could collect the         fish and enjoy their easy meal.
Cook Strait tides
Despite having a smaller tidal range (the height       difference between high and low tide) than most places in New       Zealand, Cook Strait has some of the strongest tidal currents       in the world. The reason is that the main lunar tide is out       of phase on either side of the country. High tide arrives on       the Pacific Ocean side of the strait five hours before it       arrives at the Tasman Sea side – when it is high tide on one       side it is nearly low tide on the other. This difference in       water level drives very fast tidal currents – up to 1.4       metres per second (3 knots) – through Cook Strait and into       the Marlborough Sounds. Tory Channel and French Pass have       currents that can reach 2 metres per second (4 knots).
