Sea Arch, Kilauea Volcano, Big Island of Hawaii
Depositional features formed by waves:
Spits
Tombolos
Barrier islands
Buildups produced up-current of groins and other hard structures built along the shoreline,  or behind breakwaters that are built parallel to the shore
Resources on waves and the coast
Video: Portrait of a Coast discusses the differences between winter and summer waves,  and the problems of coastal erosion from winter storms, and attempts to prevent coastal erosion.
Video: The Beach - A River of Sand -  discusses longshore drift, and how man building along the coast interferes with natural processes. A classic paper in Scientific American has aerial photos of many of the sites mentioned in the movie,  and you may be able to locate it.
Bascom, Willard, 1960, Beaches, August 1960, Scientific American.
I located this paper in a Scientific American book called Ocean Science,  which is a compilation of articles.
Currents
Currents are the horizontal, unidirectional flow of water.  Ocean currents influence the weather in coastal areas.   In order to map and predict currents,scientists release floating buoys and track their positions.
The horizontal movement of water is caused by a number factors.  These include:
Wind moving over the water.  Currents are caused  by friction between the wind and the surface of the water.  Most currents in the upper kilometer of the ocean are driven by the wind.  They are called surface currents. Wind-driven currents affect about 20% of the ocean, by volume.  These are the currents that most people know about. The sun is the source of winds in the atmosphere and  currents in the ocean. Once the surface currents are set in motion by the wind, they are influenced by the Coriolis effect,  the presence of coasts or landmasses (which get in the way of moving water), and horizontal pressure gradients (the force per unit area that causes molecules of water  to move horizontally from regions of high pressure to regions of low pressure).
Differences in salinity (caused by precipitation, evaporation, and freshwater inflow from estuaries).   See course notes on salinity .  Salinity differences cause thermohaline circulation or vertical movements of ocean water masses because  of density differences that are controlled by variations in temperature and salinty.
Differences in water temperatures caused by uneven heating of the Earth's atmosphere by the Sun. Cold water is more dense than warm water, and as a result, tends to sink to the ocean bottoms and spread.  Cold water originates at high latitudes where cold winds blow across the water, and cool and evaporate it.  If the temperatures are low enough, sea ice will form, which is made of  fresher water than sea water.  Salts are left behind in the sea water when sea ice forms.   The cold, salty water becomes more dense and sinks deep into the ocean.  Note that cold water can hold more oxygen than warmer water, so bottom waters in the world's oceans tend to be well oxygenated.
The Coriolis Effect which is a consequence of the Earth's rotation. See course notes on Coriolis Effect . In general, the Coriolis Effect is an apparent deflection of a freely moving object caused by the Earth's rotation. As a result, objects in the northern hemisphere are deflected toward the right (clockwise),  whereas objects in the southern hemisphere are deflected toward the left (counterclockwise). The influence of  the Earth's rotation on currents was first noted in 1835 by Gaspar de Coriolis.
Gravitational pull of celestial bodies (tidal currents).
There is a system of large-scale global ocean currents that form because of uneven heating of the Earth's surface by the Sun,  (and the resulting wind patterns), and  the Coriolis Effect.   There is a circular pattern of currents known as gyres, centered in the north Atlantic Ocean, south Atlantic Ocean, north Pacific Ocean, south Pacific Ocean, and Indian Ocean.  They are centered roughly around  30 degrees latitude. The currents in the gyres flow  clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and counterclockwise in the Southern Hemisphere.   (See image on this web page and here .)  The Gulf Stream in the Atlantic Ocean, and its counterpart, the Kuroshio Current, in the Pacific Ocean   are strong currents that are part of this system.  These currents carry heat northward from the tropics to the higher latitudes.
Ocean currents carry heat from the tropics (near the equator) to  higher latitudes  (near the poles).  This helps to maintain Earth's temperature.  Sunlight warms sea surface  in the tropics.  Wind-driven surface currents carry the heat toward the poles.  In the North Atlantic Ocean, the warm tropical currents  feed the North Atlantic Current    ( see diagram ).   As the  North Atlantic Current flows northward toward Norway and Greenland, it loses heat to the atmosphere and begins to cool.   In winter, the water near Norway and Greenland is cold and dense that it sinks  to the bottom of the ocean.   The cold bottom water feeds bottom currents shown in blue and green.   Eventually, mixing brings the bottom water back to the surface in other parts of the ocean.  When the water reaches the surface, sunlight warms the water, and the cyclebegins again.
Deep circulation is important for two reasons: Cold water carries dissolved gases, including carbon dioxide, deep into the ocean and away from the atmosphere. Also, surface currents that sink and feed deep currents carry much more heat toward Europe than do surface currents. Because of this, northern European countries (such as Norway at 60o north latitude)  are far warmer than southern Greenland and northern Labrador, which are at the same (or similar) latitudes.
Other types of currents
Upwelling currents
Downwelling currents
Rip currents (sometimes incorrectly called rip tides).  When waves approach the coast at an angle, and the water rushes straight back into the sea, along some coastlines,  the waters that rush back are concentrated into relatively narrow zones (perhaps up to 25 m or 82 feet wide),  which can reach speeds of several miles per hour. These rip currents are responsible for drowning deaths at  beaches in the US and around the world each year. You will likely remember hearing about several drownings from  these currents during the past summer - often from the Florida panhandle or the North Carolina coast.  Typically people who are wading or swimming accidentally venture into the rip currents,  and they are pulled out to sea. It is impossible to swim or walk against these currents  (if you try, you will end up swimming or walking backwards out to deep water). It is best to try to move out of the current by going parallel to the beach; if you are lucky you will get out of the current.  Knowing this may save your life some day.
Click here to see color brochure from NOAA with safety information about rip currents .
The elements of a rip current.  Image from NOAA.
Tides
There is a vertical rise and fall in sea level of approximately a meter or more, once or twice per day.
Cause of tides?
The Moon's gravitational pull, and to a lesser extent, the Sun's gravitational pull.
But gravity is only one of the major forces responsible for creating tides.  Another is inertia, which is the force that acts to counterbalance gravity.  It is the tendency of moving objects to continue moving in a straight line (see Newton's Laws in Gravity course notes ). Together, gravity and inertia are responsible for the creating the two major tidal bulges on the Earth.
Click here to see a diagram.
On the side of the Earth facing the moon, a tidal bulge occurs.   On the opposite side of the Earth from the moon, the gravitational attraction of the moon is less because it is farther away.  Here, the inertial force exceeds the gravitational force.  Water tries to keep going in a straight line, moving away from the Earth, also forming a bulge.
A bulge in the water on the Earth's surface occurs on both the side facing the moon and the side away from the moon.
The combination of gravity and inertia create two tidal bulges of water.  One forms where the Earth and moon are closest, and the other forms where they are furthest apart.  Over the rest of the globe the two forces are in relative balance.  Because water is fluid, the two bulges stay aligned with the Moon as the Earth rotates.
Tidal Cycle: A  high and low tide that occur in succession.
Semi-diurnal Tide
: The most common tidal pattern, featuring two high tides and two low tides  each day. Successive high or low tides are approximately the same height.
Diurnal Tide: There is only one high tide and one low tide during each day. Successive high and low tides  are approximately the same height. Diurnal tides occur in the  Gulf of Mexico.
Mixed Tide: Wide variation in heights of successive high and low waters,  and  longer tide cycles than those of the semidiurnal cycle. Mixed tides occur along the west coast of the U.S.  and on many Pacific islands.
Tidal Range: The vertical difference in water level between the high tide and low tide, during one tidal cycle.
The shape of the shoreline can be influence tidal range.
When  tidal bulges hit areas with wide continental shelves, the height of the tides can be magnified.  Conversely, when  tidal bulges hit mid-oceanic islands, tides are low, commonly 1 meter or less.
The shape of bays and estuaries along a coastline can also magnify the intensity of tides. Funnel-shaped bays dramatically alter tidal magnitude. The Bay of Fundy in Nova Scotia is the classic example of this effect.
The highest tides in the world occur in the Bay of Fundy in Nova Scotia, Canada.  The tidal range is 15-16 meters (approximately 45-50 feet).  Because there are 2 high tides and 2 low tides in each day (roughly a 24 hour period) - i.e. semidiurnal tides -  then the tide must come in within about a 6 hour period.  As a rough estimate, the tide rises about 8 feet (or 96 inches) an hour (48 feet divided by 6 hours).  This translates to a tide which rises at more than one inch per minute.  If you have walked down a beach with a steep cliff along side (which is common there), be sure to watch the tides.  If you walk for about an hour and then notice that the tide is coming in, the water will be over your head  before you get back to where you started!
High tide and low tide at Five Islands Provincial Park, Bay of Fundy, Nova Scotia, Canada
High tide and low tide at Five Islands Provincial Park, Bay of Fundy, Nova Scotia, Canada
Rising tides produce flood currents.
Falling tides produce ebb currents.
Areas that are alternately submerged and exposed by rising and falling tides are called tidal flats.
Tides at certain times of the month are unusually lower or higher than at others.  The reason for this has to do with the position of both the sun and the moon relative to the Earth. If all three are lined up in a straight line, the tides will have a higher tidal range.  They are called spring tides.  Spring tides occur twice a month, at full moon and at new moon.
But if the sun and moon are at right angles to one another, the tidal range will be lower.  These tides are called neap tides.  Neap tides occur twice a month, at first quarter and last quarter.
Click here to see animation of gravitational pull of the moon and the sun on the tides.   Positions of neap tides and spring tides are labelled.
In addition, once a month when the Moon's orbit brings it closest to the Earth (which we call perigee), unusually high  and low tides occur, and the tidal range is greater than normal.
About two weeks later, when the Moon's orbit takes it farthest from Earth (which we call apogee),  the moon's gravitational force is smaller (because it is farther away), and the tidal ranges are less than average.
When the Earth is closest to the sun (which we call perihelion), around January 2 each year, tidal ranges are also much greater, with unusually high and unusually low tides.
When the Earth is farthest from the sun (which we call aphelion),  around July 2 each year, tidal ranges are much less than average.
Tides are used in Nova Scotia (at Annapolis Royal) to generate electrical power  (and also in France, Russia, and China).
Sea Level Changes
Morer than 75 percent of the world's population lives within 60 km of a coast. Because of this, it is important to study  the effects of any changes in sea level.
Sea level is caused by a combination of factors,the most important of which is climate change.
Climate changes toward global cooling lead to the onset of glaciation. Glaciation causes sea level to drop.
Climate changes toward global warming lead to the melting of the glaciers, which causes sea level to rise.
Sea level has risen on the order of 100 meters over the last 18,000 years, as a result of the end of the last Ice Age and the melting of the glaciers.
Mankind has contributed to sea level rise through the burning of fossil fuels and release of greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide. The greenhouse effect can cause the oceans to gather thermal inertia that will heat the continents  and slowly melt the polar ice caps.  This increases sea level worldwide.
Another factor causing global sea level rise is increased sea floor spreading rates and increase in undersea volcanism. Extrusion of lava on the sea floor along the mid-ocean ridges changes the volume of the ocean basins,  and causes the displacement of sea water onto the land.
Sea level may also change locally due to localized subsidence or uplift of the coastline.
The Mississippi delta region is currently sinking, and so in that area, sea level is rising rapidly,  and delta marshes are being invaded by the sea.
The New England region, as well as Canada, is currently rising (through isostatic uplift following the  removal of the glaciers).
Subsidence of a coastline can also occur in an area where the water table is dropping as a result of humans interacting with the environment.   Venice, Italy has experienced ground subsidence and a simultaneous rise in sea level. This has  resulted in an average rise in relative sea level of 13 centimeters per century, going back to the second century A.D. Venice sunk at a faster rate during the 20th century (about 23 cm  or 9 inches),  in part due to an ill-planned industrial complex that pumped water from beneath the city from 1930 to 1970.  The drop in the water table accelerated ground subsidence.
Sea level may also  change in a localized area as a result of the deposition and compaction of sediment. This is most likely  the cause of the subsidence in the Mississippi delta region.
Because of sea level increasing or decreasing, shorelines may be described as emergent coasts (coastal land is rising relative to sea level) or submergent coasts (coastal land is sinking relative to sea level; sea level is rising).
Emergent coastlines are characterized by cliffs.
California
Submergent coastlines are characterized by drowned river valleys called estuaries.
Chesapeake Bay
Global warming seems to be causing sea level to rise.
Sea level has been rising at a rate of 10-15 cm over the past 100 years.  (That is equal to 1 to 1 1/2 cm of sea level rise in 10 years.)  Recent research  indicates that sea level is rising approximately 2mm/yr. That seems almost too slow to notice, but the rate appears to be accelerating.
Sea level rises has serious impacts on our beaches.  A 1 cm rise in sea level erodes beaches about 1 m horizontally.  In addition, rising sea levels  lead to larger storm surges that quicken the rate of beach erosion. At the present rates of sea level rise, 70% of the world's beaches are eroding and retreating.  If the rate of sea level rise continues to increase, the loss of beaches due to coastal erosion will increase.
Rising sea level also allows saltwater to penetrate farther inland and upstream,  raising the salinity of both surface water and groundwater supplies. Fresh water is limited in supply and essential for life and also for most industrial processes.  Rivers and groundwater can be contaminated with saltwater, becoming unavailable or unsuitable for life.
