Block
Best Answer - Chosen by Voters
Earth’s ocean tides are initiated by the tidal force (a gradient in intensity) of Moon’s gravity and are magnified by a host of effects in Earth’s oceans. The gravitational tidal force arises because the side of Earth facing the Moon (nearest it) is attracted more strongly by the Moon’s gravity than is the center of the Earth and(even less so)the Earth’s far side. The gravitational tide stretches the Earth’s oceans into an ellipse with the Earth in the center. The effect takes the form of two bulges—elevated sea level relative to the Earth: one nearest the Moon and one farthest from it. Since these two bulges rotate around the Earth once a day as it spins on its axis, ocean water is continuously rushing towards the ever-moving bulges. The effects of the two bulges and the massive ocean currents chasing them are magnified by an interplay of other effects; namely frictional coupling of water to Earth’s rotation through the ocean floors, inertia of water’s movement, ocean basins that get shallower near land, and oscillations between different ocean basins. The magnifying effect is a bit like water sloshing high up the sloped end of a bathtub after a relatively small disturbance of one’s body in the deep part of the tub.
Gravitational coupling between the Moon and the oceans affects the orbit of the Moon. From the Moon's point of view, the tidal bulges are carried ahead by the rotation of the Earth, so that they don't point directly toward the Moon. The gravitational coupling drains kinetic energy and angular momentum from the Earth’s rotation. In turn, angular momentum is added to the Moon's orbit. Somewhat counterintuitively, this moves the Moon to a higher orbit with a longer period. This results in a 3.8 cm yearly increase in the distance between the two bodies. The Moon will continue to move slowly away from the Earth until the tidal effects between the two are no longer of significance, whereupon the Moon's orbit will stabilize.
4 years ago
