 Find a forecast: 
Answers: Oceans, waves, tides
Q: If there were no oceans on the earth's surface, how    would our weather be different?
A: Weather is the result of uneven heating of the Earth,    where the poles receive much less sunlight than the equator. The oceans are    important in redistributing this solar energy. The evaporation that occurs when    oceans, particularly near the equator, absorb solar energy is a key step in    the water cycle. Ocean currents also play a significant role in taking energy    away from the equator and transporting it to higher latitudes. An "oceanless" Earth would perhaps have weather similar to Mars, with drastic temperature changes    from day to night as well as from pole to equator.
This Texas    A&M website has an excellent explanation of the role of the oceans in    global climate.
(Answered by meteorologist Bob Swanson, USA TODAY's    assistant weather editor, April 25, 2007)
Q: Does a new moon influence tides more than a full    moon?
A: During both new and full moon phases, the gravitational    attraction of the moon is in line with the gravitational pull of the sun, producing    high tides and low tides 20% higher and lower respectively than average tide    levels. While there is little difference in the magnitude of tide heights during    new and full moon phases, tides do reach unusual heights when the moon is both    unusually close to the Earth and in the new moon phase, due to the combined    pull of the moon and sun together. These proxigean spring tides occur approximately    once every 1.5 years.
Read an FAQ about oceans, tides and waves on this USA    TODAY resource page .
(Answered by meteorologist Bob Swanson, USA TODAY's    assistant weather editor, April 12, 2007)
Q: Why does saltwater evaporate more slowly than freshwater?
A: When water evaporates, enough energy is available from    the environment to allow a liquid water molecule to break free of the bonds    of other molecules surrounding it. When a salt, such as sodium chloride, dissolves    in water, it breaks into positively and negatively charged ions. These ions    strengthen bonds between water molecules, so more energy is necessary to break    the bonds. Thus, given similar conditions, saltwater will evaporate more slowly    than freshwater.
There's plenty more about evaporation and condensation    on this USA    TODAY resource page .
(Answered by meteorologist Bob Swanson, USA TODAY's    assistant weather editor, December 20, 2006)
Q: Why does the ocean appear so clear and blue in the    Caribbean and so green and murky on the mid-Atlantic coast?
A: A common form of algae called phytoplankton is the main    reason behind the greenish color of Mid-Atlantic coastal waters. Like leaves    in trees, phytoplankton    contain chlorophyll , a photosynthetic pigment that absorbs the red and blue    wavelengths of visible light and reflects the green wavelengths. Phytoplankton    are sensitive to water temperature and grow best in cooler waters. Fewer phytoplankton    are found in warmer Caribbean waters, leading to the clear, blue waters found    there.
Find weather conditions and water temperatures for coastal    locations in the U.S. on this USA    TODAY resource page .
(Answered by meteorologist Bob Swanson, USA TODAY's    assistant weather editor, August 13, 2006)
Q: Does the moon affect ocean    currents and waves as well as tides?
A: The moon has a significant impact on tides, due to the    gravitational attraction of the moon on the Earth’s water. This effect    is magnified when the moon’s gravitational attraction aligns with the gravitational    pull of the sun. This produces the highest high tides and lowest low tides,    known as spring tides. When the pull of the moon and the sun are perpendicular    to each other, the lowest high tides and highest low tides, collectively termed    neap tides, are produced. While ocean currents are primarily affected by winds    and the Coriolis force, tides can have a large impact on currents near the coasts.
Read an FAQ about oceans, tides and waves on this USA    TODAY resource page .
(Answered by meteorologist Bob Swanson, USA TODAY's    assistant weather editor)
Q: How does the circulation    of ocean currents affect the weather?
A: Warm ocean currents such as the Gulf    Stream help to modify air masses through the exchange of heat and moisture    between the atmosphere and the ocean. The ocean temperature contrast along the    northern edge of the Gulf Stream is reflected in the lowest layers of the atmosphere    (close to the ocean surface) through this exchange of heat and moisture. This    temperature contrast is one of the ingredients necessary for winter    storms to form.
(Answered by Joe Sienkiewicz, science and operations    officer with NOAA’s Ocean    Prediction Center in Camp Springs, Md., January 26, 2006.)
Q: What causes rogue waves? How are they different from tsunamis?    Do rogue waves travel alone or with others? Are they predictable?
A: Rogue waves grow from wind waves and are not at all related to tsunamis.    By definition, a rogue wave is one that towers above the surrounding waves,    which may be large. For more information go to our Answers    to questions about oceans, waves, tides and scroll down to the last question.    The answer has linked to Web sites with even more information.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com weather editor, March 30, 2005)
Q: What is a 'white squall'?
A: Here’s the answer we found on a National Weather Service Web site:
A white squall is the culprit of many sea stories and blamed for quite a few    tragedies. It is described as a sudden increase in wind velocity in tropical    and sub-tropical waters, and lacks the usual dark, ominous squall clouds. The    white squall may be myth, or it may be a microburst. If they form during daylight    you might see the approach as a line of broken water or whitecaps rushing at    your vessel, but usually they appear out of nowhere.
"The Pride Of Baltimore, a fine 137 foot schooner, was reportedly struck    by a white squall. The 121-ton vessel sank about 240 miles north of Puerto Rico,    casting the surviving crew members adrift for five days. The Toro, a Norwegian    freighter picked them up at 2:30 a.m. May 19th, 1986.
"Here is an eyewitness account of the sinking: ‘A tremendous whistling    sound suddenly roared through the rigging and a wall of wind hit us in the back.    The Pride heeled over in a matter of seconds. The 70-knot wind pushed a 20 foot    high wall of water into the starboard side. She sank in minutes.’"
A USATODAY.com graphic shows what    a microburst is .
While the graphic shows what a microburst can do to an airplane that’s    taking off or landing and much of the research into microbursts was prompted    by the danger to aviation, microbursts have caused other kinds of damage on    the ground.
I know of at least one case in which a microburst overturned a boat, killing    11 people. This accident occurred on July 7, 1984 when a sternwheeler tour boat,    with 18 people on board, capsized on the Tennessee River south of Huntsville,    Ala. A weather station about five miles away measured a sudden 70 mph wind gusts    and winds flattened trees and overturned sheds near the where the boat capsized.    These sudden winds were probably faster than 70 mph when they hit the boat.    This accident is one that the late Ted Fujita examined in detail. It’s    described in his book, The Downburst: Microburst and Macroburst, published    by the University of Chicago in 1985.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com Weather editor, 3-20-00)
Q: Why does the tide change every 12.25 hours instead of every 12 hours?
A: The gravitational pull of the moon is the major force that set the tides    in motion. If the tides were not complicated by the continents and several other    factors, there would be a high tide when the moon is directly overhead and also    when the moon is on the direct opposite side of the Earth. (Explaining why this    is so is too complicated to get into here. The link to basic information on    tides that I'll give below should explain what's going on.)
The moon takes about 24 hours and 50 minutes to orbit the Earth. This is why    it rises about 50 minutes later each day. This means that the peak of the gravitational    force that creates the tides happens about every 12 hours, 25 minutes.
The Tides    Tutorial on a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Web site,    is a good explanation of the tides.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com weather editor, 8-28-99)
Q: Which phase(s) of the moon is (are) associated with higher tides, and    why?
A: Each month's highest tides come when the moon is new and when it's full.    In addition to the tides being highest at these times, they are also lowest.    In other words, the range of the tides is the greatest.
At both of these times the Sun, Earth and Moon are closest to being in a straight    line and the effects of the gravitational pull of the sun and moon combine to    create the highest tides, called "spring tides." The term has nothing    to do with the season, but with the idea that the tides "spring up" at these times.
The smallest tidal ranges come at the moon's first and third quarters when    the moon is roughly at a right angle to a line between the Sun and Earth. Tides    are extremely complex.
The Tides    Tutorial on a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Web site has    more information
(7-28-98)
Q: Why, when you read tidal information, you have a precise time of a high    tide at a specific location, and just a few miles up or down the coast the tidal    time may be hours different?
A: Tides are extremely complex. As you probably know, the gravitational force    of the moon and sun supply the force needed to create tides.
When the tides are set into motion, many other forces come into play. But,    the simplest answer to your question come down to two factors. First, tides    are waves with the crest (high tide) and the trough (low tide) roughly 12 hours    apart. These waves aren't sloshing back and forth across the ocean. Instead,    they sweep out from several central points in the oceans.
On the U.S. East Coast, for example, tidal "waves" move down the    coast from north to south. Also, as the tides come into bays and rivers they    are squeezed through narrow openings, which affect the speed and height of the    tides.
The Tides    Tutorial on a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Web site has    more information
(5-4-97)
Q: A couple of months ago I read an article that stated that some huge underwater    current had mysteriously vanished or ceased to function. The article stated    that it was believed that this current sort of vacuumed down warm water and    cooled it (or maybe it was the opposite of that). I can't for the life of me    remember what this phenomenon was called. The article said that the disappearance    of this phenomenon could affect our weather. Do you know what in the world I'm    referring to?
A: I'm sure you're thinking of the "thermohaline" circulation, also    known as the "ocean conveyor belt." The good news is that it hasn't    vanished or ceased to function, although it wouldn't surprise me to learn that    some article might have made it sound this dire.
For more on this see our answer to: Could    warming slow the Gulf Stream, start an ice age?
Q: My dad told me once about a phenomenon called a "rogue" wave.    He said that he recalled one striking an aircraft carrier and actually bending    a corner of the flight deck. This might have been in the late '40s or so. Have    you ever heard of this occurring? I have done some checking and found very little    information on rogue waves thus far. Thanks in advance.
A: You've touched on a fascinating topic. The only extensive discussion of "rogue" waves that I've come across is in Willard Bascom's book, Waves    and Beaches. I have the paperback published by Anchor Books in 1980. In    it, he describes rogue waves as "great solitary waves whose crests tower    above their fellows and scare the living daylights out of the luckless mariners    in their path."
In brief, winds blowing across water create water waves. The waves you see    in any part of the ocean are really made of combinations of trains of waves    from many different places. At times, the crests of waves will come together    in a way to combine into a bigger wave. At other times a crest and a trough    will combine to make a smaller wave.
These combinations are random. Bascom cites the work of one scientist who examined    the probability of the occurrence of large single waves. This work shows that    one wave in 23 is twice the size of the height of the average wave in a location.    One in 1,175 is over three times average height and only one in 300,000 is more    than four times the average height. Also, such large waves last only a brief    time and then shrink as the combined wave trains that make then continue their    own way.
I had not heard of the incident your father describes, but Bascom has many    in his book.
One of the most hair-raising rogue wave stories describes what happened to    the 81,000-ton, 1,000-foot-long liner the Queen Mary in late 1942 during World    War II. It was loaded with 15,000 American soldiers bound for England when it    hit a storm 700 miles off Scotland. Without warning, "one freak mountainous    wave" hit the ship broadside. The ship listed enough for water to wash    onto her upper decks. For a few seconds experienced seamen aboard thought the    Queen Mary was going to roll over. But it righted itself and continued. Rogue    waves have sunk other ships, including large ones. Bascom says rogue waves probably    explain what happened to many ships that have disappeared without a trace.
I highly recommend his book for anyone interested in the oceans or the surf.    It's great if you go to the beach and begin wondering why surf acts as it does.
It would also make good reading on a cruise for anyone who's scientifically    minded.
Also, USATODAY.com published a story in July 2004 about rogue    wave research .
Here are some more links to information on rogue waves:
