+1.12
-0.02
Eleven of the 27 stations recorded a sea level fall, while the mean rate of sea level rise for all the stations combined is only +0.3 mm/yr, with an average record length of 36.4 years. This is only one sixth of the IPCC figure. There was also no obvious geographical pattern of falls versus rises as both were distributed along all parts of the coast.
But there's more. It was shown earlier that Adelaide was a prime example of local sea level rise due to urban subsidence [3]. It's two stations in the above list are the only ones to record a sea level rise greater than the IPCC estimate. The same NTF survey pointed out the Adelaide anomaly and directly attributed it to local subsidence, not sea level rise, on the grounds that the neighboring stations of Port Lincoln, Port Pirie and Victor Harbour only show a rise of +0.3 mm/yr between them. If we exclude Adelaide from the list, the average sea level rise for the other 25 stations is then only +0.16 mm/yr, or less than one tenth of the IPCC estimate.
If this world tour, ending with the Australian survey, were not convincing enough, there is one further piece of evidence from Australia which demonstrates that the IPCC, and the ICE-3G model which underpins their predictions, is wrong about the magnitude of 20th century sea level rise.
The `Isle of the Dead'
Fig.15 - The `Isle of the Dead' with Point Puer in the immediate foreground
(Photo John L. Daly, Aug 29th 1999, late afternoon)
" `Dead Men's Isle' is a picturesquely sorrowful spot - so soothing in its melancholy,
so placid in its solitude." (David Burn - a visitor to the `Isle of the Dead' in 1842)
The `Isle of the Dead' is not mentioned at all by the IPCC in any of its reports. However, there is intensive research presently underway by several institutions [24] including Australia's `Commonwealth Science and Industry Research Organisation' (CSIRO Marine Research Division), assisted by the head of the Inter-Agency Committee on Marine Science & Technology, Dr David Pugh, who is based at the University of Southampton, UK, all focused on this sleepy little isle at the bottom of the world in Tasmania.
The `Isle of the Dead' is over two acres in size, situated within the harbor of Port Arthur in southeastern Tasmania . This large and undeveloped harbor opens out directly to the Southern Ocean. The isle itself is actually a graveyard (thus its eerie name), containing the graves of some 2,000 British convicts and free persons from the 19th century who lived and died at the nearby convict colony of Port Arthur between 1832 and 1870. Port Arthur is now a heritage historic site , visited by thousands of tourists every year to see the convict buildings and ruins, and to enjoy the popular night-time `ghost tours'.
To understand why there is so much scientific interest in the Isle, we must travel back in time ...
In September 1840, the renowned British Antarctic explorer, Captain Sir James Clark Ross (photo), sailed from Hobart Town, the capital of Van Diemen's Land (the former name for Tasmania) for a 6-month voyage of discovery and exploration to the Antarctic with his two expedition ships, `Erebus' and `Terror'.
After a highly successful voyage, he returned in April 1841 for a refit and resupply of his ships and spend the southern winter in temperate latitudes. Upon arrival at Hobart Town, he was disappointed to learn that a golden scientific opportunity had been lost. A proposal by Baron Von Humboldt to the British Colonial Secretary, Lord Minto, that mean sea level marks should be struck on newly discovered coasts and islands, had arrived during Ross' absence in the Antarctic. Ross was unaware of Humboldt's proposal until he returned to Hobart Town in 1841. He later related this in his book (published in 1847) [36] -
"The fixing of solid and well secured marks for the purpose of showing the mean level of the ocean at a given epoch, was suggested by Baron von Humboldt, in a letter to Lord Minto, subsequent to the sailing of the expedition (Ross' own expedition of the `Terror' and `Erebus'), and of which I did not receive any account until our return (to Tasmania) from the Antarctic seas, which is the reason of my not having established a similar mark on the rocks of Kerguelen Island, or some part of the shores of Victoria Land (in Antarctica)."
In spite of the missed opportunity, Humboldt's idea still appealed to Ross and to the Governor of Van Diemen's Land, Sir John Franklin, himself a naval man. Consequently, both Ross and Franklin made a point of visiting Port Arthur, 40 miles from Hobart Town, to meet Thomas Lempriere, a senior official of the convict colony there, but who was also a methodical observer and recorder of meteorological, tidal, and astronomical data. Here is the account Ross gives of his visit to Lempriere at Port Arthur - .
"My principal object in visiting Port Arthur was to afford a comparison of our standard barometer with that which had been employed for several years by Mr. Lempriere, the Deputy Assistant Commissary General, in accordance with my instructions, and also to establish a permanent mark at the zero point, or general mean level of the sea as determined by the tidal observations which Mr. Lempriere had conducted with perseverance and exactness for some time: by which means any secular variation in the relative level of the land and sea, which is known to occur on some coasts, might at any future period be detected, and its amount determined.
The point chosen for this purpose was the perpendicular cliff of the small islet off Point Puer, which, being near to the tide register, rendered the operation more simple and exact. The Governor, whom I had accompanied on an official visit to the settlement, gave directions to afford Mr. Lempriere every assistance of labourers he required, to have the mark cut deeply in the rock in the exact spot which his tidal observations indicated as the mean level of the ocean."
Ross further explained why he chose Port Arthur for a mean sea level mark instead of in the Derwent estuary closer to Hobart Town, where his ships `Erebus' and `Terror' were moored.
"The tides in the Derwent were too irregular, being influenced greatly by the prevalence of winds outside and the freshes from the interior, so that we could not ascertain with the required degree of exactness the point of mean level."
The `permanent mark' at the `zero point, or general mean level of the sea' that Ross wrote about has proved to be more permanent than even he bargained for -
The mark is still there, and in perfect condition.
   
Fig.16 - The Ross-Lempriere sea level benchmark on the `Isle of the Dead'
(photo taken by John L. Daly at mean tide, Aug 29, 1999. Benchmark is 50 cm across)
In the photo above, the line and arrow mark is a standard British Ordnance Survey Benchmark, 50 cm across, and is standing in the photo about 35 cm above the water level. Since the photo was deliberately taken at the time of mean or half-tide for that day, we see in this one photo the enigma that is the `Isle of the Dead'. Because, how can a benchmark struck at "zero point" or the "mean level of the sea", as described so explicitly by Ross, now be 35 cm above the mean level today? Has the sea level fallen?
(For a more detailed discussion about the fascinating origins of this benchmark, see the Appendix )
Of course, mean tide on the day of the photo may not be the long-term MSL. However, the CSIRO has been researching the benchmark since 1995, installing a new state-of-the-art acoustic tide gauge at the Port Arthur jetty a mile away, setting up a network of GPS buoys around the harbor, and involving other institutions in the effort. Their unpublished conclusion is that the benchmark is indeed 35 cm above current mean sea level [12].
And they cannot explain it in a manner consistent with the Ross account.
Southeastern Tasmania is believed to be uplifting very slightly due to PGR, although there is no tectonic activity in the region. The CSIRO installed GPS receivers and GPS marine buoys in the Port Arthur area to test for the effect of PGR. It takes several years to get an uplift rate accurate to within millimeters using GPS positioning. However, the CSIRO have made a preliminary, though unpublished, uplift estimate of 0.61 mm/yr ±0.22 mm/yr. Over the full period of 159 years since the benchmark was struck, this uplift rate would result in a relative sea level fall of between 6.2 cm and 13.2 cm, with a mid range value of 9.7 cm. This is only a fraction of the 35 cm to be accounted for. However, local geological shoreline evidence indicates an uplift much less than this at around 0.19 mm/yr, giving a total uplift since 1841 of only 3 cm [6]. The geological figure is probably the more accurate because it represents actual past uplift, whereas the albeit preliminary GPS result can only represent a current rate of uplift.
In 1888, a scientific assessment of the benchmark was made by Capt. Shortt, who surveyed it in an effort to determine its exact origins and meaning. He searched archives in Hobart and Port Arthur for information and reported his findings in a short paper published by the Royal Society in Hobart [39].
A small tablet was found above the benchmark (the tablet went missing around 1913 [28]) and this gave Shortt the date the benchmark was struck as July 1st 1841, at a point in the lunar month when the age of the moon was 12 days. In order to measure sea level under similar conditions which existed then, Shortt made his calculation of MSL and the benchmark height when the age of the moon was also 12 days, as cited on the tablet. His conclusion, in 1888, was that the benchmark was 34 cm above mean sea level, only a centimetre less than the CSIRO estimate of 35 cm 112 years later. As Shortt was familiar with the Ross account given above, he was perplexed as to why a `mean sea level' benchmark should now be 34 cm above MSL 47 years later.
Moving forward in time to 1985, Bruce Hamon, a scientist from Sydney, also studied the benchmark. He concluded that it was 36 cm above MSL [22]. He examined tide data from nearby Hobart to establish the current point in the 18.6 year cycle, so we can be confident of his 36 cm estimate.
Hamon's was only the second, and the last, paper to appear in the scientific literature about the Ross-Lempriere benchmark. Since then, nothing has been published, not even interim results from the recent CSIRO research. All that has appeared in the public domain are a few media releases , none of which impart the vital information to the public that a mean sea level benchmark struck in 1841 now spends most of its time out of the water.
Since the benchmark has been observed to be the same height above relative MSL on three sets of good observations 112 years apart (Capt Shortt [1888], Hamon [1985] and the CSIRO [2000]), sea levels have clearly not changed at Port Arthur in all that time. Being tectonically stable and subject to only minor PGR, land uplift will hardly provide an adequate explanation for the lack of sea level rise since 1888 and a possible sea level fall between 1841 and 1888.
The benchmark powerfully confirms what the Australian Mean Sea Level Survey [29] tells us, namely that the rate of sea level rise over much of the 20th century has only been +0.16 mm/yr, less than one tenth of the IPCC's estimate of 1.8 mm/yr. This survey would imply a sea level rise of only +1.6 cm for the whole century, consistent with observations and measurements of the Ross-Lempriere benchmark since Capt. Shortt first observed it in 1888.
The joint `Co-ordinating Lead Author' of Chapter 11 (sea levels) of the draft Third Assessment Report of the IPCC [25] is Dr John Church, who heads the CSIRO Marine Research Division in Hobart, Tasmania. The organization he heads is deeply involved in researching the benchmark as shown by their press release of 1998 . In spite of this, there is no discussion about the benchmark, or its implications for historical sea levels, in the IPCC draft co-authored by Church. The draft cites old tide records from PGR-ridden Europe and even complains about the lack of data from the southern hemisphere, but nothing is mentioned about a 159-year-old sea level benchmark in the data-sparse southern hemisphere which predates most other records, and is located only 1 hour's drive from Hobart.
The most comprehensive information about the benchmark and the historical events and personalities surrounding it comes from this author's website , from which futher details can be obtained at the linked references given [10] [11] [12].
There is also a discussion about the origins of the benchmark in the Appendix
Sea Level `Secession' for the Southern Oceans
The Australian Mean Sea Level Survey of 1998 [29] may be one reason why the IPCC have made the somewhat strange suggestion in their Third Assessment Report draft that sea level rises in the Southern Ocean will be less than those in the northern hemisphere. This conclusion stems from the outputs of Ocean-Atmosphere General Circulation Models (AOGCMs) some of which predict sharp differential trends in sea levels between regions during the 21st century.
From the results of the survey, and the evidence of the Ross-Lempriere benchmark which supports it, we can see that the IPCC's 1.8 mm/yr claim for past global sea level rise is simply wrong. The source of the error is quite probably the ICE-3G model when used to adjust tide gauge data beyond the North Atlantic basin, and the fact that too many global inferences are being drawn from North Atlantic data.
Rather than confront this issue directly, the IPCC and the modelers have chosen instead to `quarantine' the Australian survey by suggesting that the Southern Oceans can somehow go their own way when it comes to sea level rise. Given that the southern hemisphere holds nearly two-thirds of the world's oceans, this is clearly not a tenable position in the long term.
Their suggestion also puts a whole new meaning on the term 'Down Under'.
The previous 5,000 years
Another claim by the IPCC was that sea levels have been largely stable since the end of the last ice age, changing less than 30 - 50 cm over time scales of several centuries during the previous 5,000 years [25]. This suggests to the world's public, media and policymakers that prior to industrialization, sea levels varied only slightly over thousands of years.
But were sea levels really that stable over the last 5 millenia?
Not according to scientists Prof Peter Flood, Dr Robert Baker and Dr Bob Haworth of the University of New England in New South Wales, Australia. Their research into semi-fossilized shellfish and calcareous coated worms in caves and walls surrounding Sydney beaches has shown that sea levels fell 1 to 2 metres in less than 100 years around 3,500 years ago [42] [43].
Their research challenges the assumption that sea levels have been stable since the end of the last de-glaciation 6,000 years ago. It also demonstrates that sea levels and climates can change significantly within the span of a single human lifetime, that they have been changing for centuries before industrialisation, and will continue to do so in the future.
These scientists further point out that if sea levels were today what they were 6,000 years ago, the present site of the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games would be underwater. Similar rapid oscillations in sea level took place elsewhere on the southeast Australian coast throughout the last 4000 years, again marked by horizontal strata of fossil shellfish remains (common barnacles and tubeworms), 1 - 2 meters above the limit of the same species at the present time. These relative sea-level changes are unlikely to be caused by local tectonic movement, because at least 10 sites were studied from Brisbane in Queensland to Fremantle in Western Australia, where much the same thing happened at much the same time, all verified by AMS radiocarbon dating.
From all these sites, Prof Flood et al found there has been a net decline of sea level over the last 4000 years of almost 2 meters around southern and eastern Australia. They further point out that other researchers using similar indicators have found the same general picture in other tectonically stable, mid-latitude, far-field sites in Brazil, Madagascar, and New Caledonia.
Back to the Future
The IPCC predictions for the 21st century of sea level rises between 21 and 92 cm, with a preferred average of around 50 cm are based on aggregating the `Atmosphere-Ocean General Circulation Models' (AOGCMs) used in various countries. The only thing these models agree on is sea level rise. Beyond that, their regional distributions contradict each other as can be seen in Fig.17 below [25].
Fig.17 - Sea level change predicted between the pre-industrial period and the late 21st century [25]
When models disagree to this extent, is there any value in averaging them in an attempt to claim the averaged value is then more authoritative? The ECHAM model in the top right must be the most bizarre, showing a simultaneous difference in sea level trends in the southeastern Pacific of over 2 meters in closely adjacent parts of the same region. The Australian CSIRO model shows a more even global picture, while the two British HadCM models bear little resemblance to each other. The two American GFDL models are equally at odds at the regional level.
One interesting feature of the ECHAM model is its treatment of the North Atlantic basin, showing it to have a smaller sea level rise than the remainder of the world's oceans, and predicting greater sea level rises in the southern hemisphere.
One of the key baseline parameters of all these models is that they follow the IPCC's `IS92a' scenario [25]. This means they have built into them the assumption that greenhouse gases, expressed as `CO2 equivalent' will increase at a rate of 1% per year until 2100. This is an old assumption dating back to before 1992 and is still being recycled for the 2000 assessment.
This 1% assumption has already been overtaken by events.
One of the gases in that assumption is methane. It has stopped growing in the atmosphere as of 1992 and has now largely stabilized [20]. CFC is now controlled by the Montreal Protocol and is no longer a relevant factor in the long term. Other halocarbons are too insignificant to affect the climate either way, and Nitrous Oxides are also insignificant. We are really only left with carbon dioxide (CO2) to achieve this 1% per year growth.
Fig.18 - CO2 growth scenarios
But CO2 is not rising like that at all. Firstly, its growth is linear, not exponential (as would be suggested by expressing it as a percentage). Secondly, it has been growing for the last few decades by an average of 1.5 ppm per year. The effect is that the IPCC's IS92a scenario would see an effective CO2 level of nearly 1,000 ppm by the year 2100, but at 1.5 ppm/yr it could only reach around 500 ppm.
This has major implications for the AOGCMs in their sea level predictions since they are using outdated, unrealistic, and exaggerated estimates of what CO2 will be 100 years from now. Even without the issues raised in this article about the state of sea level science generally, the IPCC predictions themselves should be about half of what they claim them to be, simply because of the obsolete 1% assumption.
The Poseidon Adventure
The use of satellites equipped with altimetry instruments, particularly the `TOPEX-Poseidon' satellites, have revealed a sea level profile of the earth which was hardly guessed at before the era of satellites [8]. Instead of finding a `mean sea level' applicable everywhere, modulated only by tides and weather, we find instead that the mean `Zero Point of the Sea' can actually be different from place to place, by several feet in some cases.
Fig 19 - The variable height of the sea as seen by Topex/Poseidon on cycle 273 [8]
As we can see in Fig.19 there is a difference in real time sea level by up to 1.5 metres, or around 5 feet, between the western Pacific and the Southern Ocean. Even on the same latitudes, the western Pacific is 1 metre higher than the eastern Pacific. During a major El Niño, this pattern is reversed.
This is the normal background state of sea level as a similar pattern was evident from the very earliest of the TOPEX-Poseidon missions in 1992. The difference in level between the tropics and high latitudes is due to the centrifugal forces arising from the earth's rotation having greatest effect at the equator. However, this would not prevent the southern oceans from rising in level if the tropical oceans were also rising.
Just as satellites have created a crisis within IPCC circles as to global temperature [20], so too are TOPEX-Poseidon satellites proving to be a problem for alarmist sea level predictions. The satellite altimeters measure sea level on a global basis to an accuracy of 5 cm on each pass and compare the actual surface of the earth with a `geoid' represented by an integration between the satellite's orbital height and the center of the earth.
Although the single-cycle accuracy of 5 cm does not seem adequate for sea level studies where fractions of a millimeter per year are involved, this level of accuracy can be achieved statistically once there are multiple cycles to work with. The latest data (Fig.20) is from cycle 276 where we now have an accumulated record of data over 8 years to establish mean sea level change to an improving degree of accuracy. One key advantage of TOPEX-Poseidon is that sea level heights can even be measured in the open ocean whereas tide gauges are restricted to coastlines and islands.
Fig.20 - global MSL variation acc. to TOPEX/Poseidon satellites. [8]
The TOPEX-Poseidon project has also established a set of tide gauges on islands in the Pacific Ocean fitted with GPS equipment, the purpose of which is to calibrate the satellites to a greater level of accuracy. In time, they should make tide gauge data redundant.
The IPCC predicts that their sea level rise rate estimate of +1.8 mm/yr will be accelerated during the 21st century to around +5 mm/yr. As Fig.20 shows, the current sea level rate of rise after cycle 276 is +0.9 mm/yr, half the rate claimed for the last 100 years, and less than one fifth the rate claimed for the 21st century. Clearly, not only have recent sea level changes not matched the 20th century rate of rise claimed by the IPCC, but contradicts any idea that an acceleration might be underway as a result of climatic warming. According to the IPCC, the 1990s has been characterized by human-induced warming (a claim contradicted by satellite temperature data), but the accelerated sea level rise they expected from that `warming' has simply not happened.
As the graph in Fig.20 also shows, even that small amount of sea level rise is primarily due to the intense El Niño of 1997-98 which has been demonstrated to cause a temporary rise in global sea level (although it causes a local fall in level in the western Pacific). We can see that the sea level following the El Niño is much the same as sea level prior that event. The CNES based in Toulouse in France which co-sponsors the satellites, also attributes the sea level rise since 1992 squarely on the 1997-98 El Niño [9].
Once there is a longer period of satellite data, the effect of that El Niño will diminish in the statistically averaged sea level result. If we were to exclude the effect of the El Niño from the sea level result, there would scarcely be any sea level rise registered at all.
Conclusion
The world's public was given the clear impression that the claimed 18 cm sea level rise for the 20th century was an observed quantity. It is now clear that this is not the case. The 18 cm figure arrived at is the product of combining data from tide gauges with the output of the ICE-3G de-glaciation model.
The logical equation here is simple.
an observed quantity ± a modeled quantity = a modeled quantity
Thus, the claimed 18 cm sea level rise is a model construct, not an observed value at all.
Worse still, the model which has created it is primarily focused on the North Atlantic basin which shows relative sea level trends quite unlike those observed outside that region. Thus, global estimates cannot be inferred with any confidence from modeled trends which mainly affect only that basin.
In the remaining oceans of the world, there is a clear lack of evidence of sea level rise during the 20th century, particularly around the Australian coast which is representative of three oceans, with a good quality record of tide gauge data. The rise recorded there is an insignificant 1.6 cm for the whole century, or just over half an inch.
The lack of sea level rise around Australia is confirmed by a similar lack of sea level change as measured since at least 1888 against the Ross-Lempriere benchmark carved on a rocky natural cliff on the `Isle of the Dead' in Port Arthur, Tasmania. It is also possible that a significant sea level fall took place between 1841 (when the benchmark was struck) and 1888 when its height was accurately measured. The only other tide gauge records which go back that far are very few in number and all come from regions severely affected by PGR within the North Atlantic basin. Thus, they cannot be considered as conclusive evidence against a possible global sea level fall during that period.
Outside the North Atlantic basin, most of the other tide gauges with long-term records have been mounted in tectonically active areas, especially on the west coast of North America and New Zealand, and are thus unsuitable for measuring global trends. Many others are subject to local subsidence.
As to the future, the IPCC suggest an acceleration in sea level rise to nearly 5 cm/yr [25]. However, the TOPEX-Poseidon satellites are now showing a current sea level rise of only 0.9 mm/yr, [8], all of which has been attributed to the 1997-98 El Niño event [9]. Sea levels have been largely unchanged from both before and after that event and so the 0.9 mm/yr `rise' shown is merely a statistical artifact and not a true rise in the background sea level.
Finally, it should not be forgotten that whatever is said about sea levels is entirely dependent upon how global climate responds to greenhouse gases, whether the planet will warm significantly or not [45]. Sea level rise is contingent on atmospheric warming.
No warming, no sea level rise.
The record of atmospheric temperature as recorded by satellites since 1979 has shown no significant warming in spite of numerous model predictions to the contrary.
