Overview of the latest five Focus news of the innovations-report:
In the focus: The physics of going viral
Caltech researchers measure the rate of DNA transfer from viruses to bacteria
Researchers at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) have been able, for the first time, to watch viruses infecting individual bacteria by transferring their DNA, and to measure the rate at which that transfer occurs.
Shedding light on the early stages of infection by this type of virus—a bacteriophage—the scientists ...
Read more
In the focus: Space tornadoes power the atmosphere of the Sun
Mathematicians at the University of Sheffield, as part of an international team, have discovered tornadoes in space which could hold the key to power the atmosphere of the Sun to millions of kelvin.
The super tornadoes - which are thousands of times larger and more powerful than their earthly counterparts but which have a magnetic skeleton - spin at speeds of more than 6,000 mph at temperatures in millions of centigrade in the Sun’s atmosphere.
They are more than 1,000 miles wide – ...
In the focus: NASA's Hubble spots rare gravitational arc from distant, hefty galaxy cluster
Seeing is believing, except when you don't believe what you see.
Astronomers using NASA's Hubble Space Telescope have found a puzzling arc of light behind an extremely massive cluster of galaxies residing 10 billion light-years away.
The galactic grouping, discovered by NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, was observed when the universe was roughly a quarter of its current age of 13.7 billion ...
Read more
In the focus: Cassini Shows Why Jet Streams Cross-Cut Saturn
Turbulent jet streams, regions where winds blow faster than in other places, churn east and west across Saturn. Scientists have been trying to understand for years the mechanism that drives these wavy structures in Saturn's atmosphere and the source from which the jets derive their energy.
In a new study appearing in the June edition of the journal Icarus, scientists used images collected over several years by NASA's Cassini spacecraft to discover that the heat from within the planet powers the jet streams.
Condensation of water from Saturn's internal heating led to temperature differences in the atmosphere. ...
In the focus: Discovery of material with amazing properties
Normally a material can be either magnetically or electrically polarized, but not both.
Now researchers at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen have studied a material that is simultaneously magnetically and electrically polarizable. This opens up new possibilities, for example, for sensors in technology of the future. The results have been published in the scientific journal, Nature Materials.
Materials that can ...
All Focus news of the innovations-report >>>
 
