 
There are diagrams like the one at       left to demonstrate this relationship.
The diagram is easy to understand. The gravitational     attraction of the moon bulges up the sea on the side of the earth nearest the moon and,     for symmetry, a smaller bulge develops on the other side. As the Earth spins under the     moon once every 24 hours, any one point will have two high tides (one lower than the     other) and two low tides.
The sun has a similar, but smaller effect. During full     and new moon, when the sun and moon are lined up, the tides are highest (spring tides).     When the sun and moon are at right angles to each other, at the quarter moons, they tend     to work against each other and the tides are lower (neap tides).
The     Correct Version
All very reasonable and logical. But     completely wrong.
The behavior of the ocean does not follow the diagram.     In fact, the sea acts just the other way, and when the moon is overhead it is low tide,     not high tide.
This is because the whole planet is influenced by the     gravitational effect of the moon and the planet is a liquid with the continents floating     like icebergs on the surface.
The moon distorts the liquid sphere of our planet only a       tiny amount, less than 500 mm, and the resultant earth tides are measurable even in the       middle of the largest continent (When the moon is over Moscow, the land rises  about       300-mm). The tides rise and fall about the same amount in the middle of the ocean with no       land around.
When the land rises, the sea also rises, but not as     much. When the moon passes directly overhead, the land rises more than the sea, and the     sea drains away. The difference in rise between the land and the sea determines the local     tidal height.
Land and Sea     react differently to lunar gravity
There are a multitude of reasons the ocean level     changes more close to land than in the open sea. Perhaps the two primary reasons are:
1.  Land masses are less flexible than water and their     structure distorts the smooth curve of the planetary bulge while the liquid ocean follows     the bulge exactly. 
2. Land masses are closer to the moon than the sea surface and thus     the gravitational effect is greater.
Most small ocean islands (the exposed summits of submerged     mountains) have tides of about one meter either side of the mean sea level. The smaller     and more remote the island, the less the tide range.
 
 
Low tide when the moon is overhead
Far from the influence of the       continents, the tide is always low (or near low) when the moon is directly overhead of a       small island.
There are exceptions to this rule. Tahiti, for example has only one     tide per day. This is because the huge massive continent of Eurasia is on the opposite     side - thus dampening the gravitational bulge.
The     Continental Effect
This diagram exaggerates the rigidity of the land and the     gravitational bulge of the planet. The actual change in the radius of the planet is less     than  0.0000046%.
The larger continents cause a more drastic dampening     effect on the distortion of the  planetary crust.
Continents flex and lift in different ways depending on their shape     and tectonic structure (especially their elasticity). When the gravitational effect causes     the continent to warp or tilt, ocean tides can exceed 10 or even, in rare cases, 20 meters     as the edge of the land lifts out of the sea (see diagram at left).
Although the effect of gravity is instant (or perhaps at the speed     of light), and changes the molecular patterns of all the planet right to the core (land     and water alike), the resultant movement of water relative to a rising or sinking land     mass takes time.
The time of high and low tide, therefore, varies considerably from     the sun and lunar gravitational effect depending on the local topography.  Where     there is, for example, a large coastal plateau or lagoon, the ocean may require two or     more hours to flow away from the rising land. There will be strong tidal currents in these     areas, continuing an hour or two after the actual high or low tide has passed.
How come     nobody noticed this before?
People have continued to live happily with the standard     theory of tides because, quite simply, the calculations to predict tides work very well.     Fishermen, sailors, surfers and the many people who want to know the tide heights from     time to time are perfectly satisfied with the existing predictions.
If the formula works,       most people think, the theory must also be spot on. So why, if the standard theory of       tides is wrong,  does the formula to predict tide heights work so well?
Tide tables accurately predict the tide level in any       particular location years in advance. I have a tide program that will accurately predict the tides in any particular location for any time in the future.
The tide predictions are based on a formula that gives the position       of the moon and the sun relative to any given set of coordinates on Earth at any given       time. This part can be done with perfect accuracy, and it isn't too complex. But by itself       it is not very useful.
To be accurate for a particular location, the formula must be corrected for effects on the       tides from a number of factors. These include:
The shape of the coast
The shape of the depth contours off shore
Local water currents
Various other conditions such as changes in salinity         and water flow from river estuaries.
Fudge Factors
The upshot of all this is that the tidal formula     accurately predicts the relationships of Earth, Sun and Moon and then calibrates the     results to particular localities using fudge factors based on accurate measurements of     tidal conditions over many years. Once you know the "offset" for any given     locality, all you really need to do is add or subtract this from where the tide should be     given the position of the sun and the moon.
It does not matter if your expected tide position is     six hours out of whack because this is simply tacked on to the local fudge factor.
Gobbledygook Tidal Notions
The standard theory of ocean tides  has nothing to do with the fact that the tides can be     predicted with great accuracy using the existing formula.
For starters, the theory of tides was devised before we     realized the planet was itself a big liquid sphere and before we understood much about how     gravity works. And even before we knew anything about the deep ocean.
The original idea was simple.       Solid Earth, liquid sea. Sea lifts up when moon passes over, with lots of rushing tidal       currents in and out of coastal passes.
To get around the obvious complication that     the tide happens to be low when the moon is overhead in many of the island areas of the world, the scientists of the day developed     an elaborate idea of a tidal wave that is propagated around the planet. Then they imagined     there must be some kind of frictional force between this wave and the ocean floor in deep     water. They needed that to slow down the tidal wave. One accepted theory has it that the     gravitational effect of the moon actually pushes the sea due to friction. Any residual     time deficit, after these wavy, frictional deviations, was written off to local factors     influencing the tidal wave.
But there isn't any tidal wave and the bulging of the     planet does not propagate like an ocean wave and there is no friction of any sort between     the sea floor and ocean tides or between gravity and the ocean.
Gravity is now.
Gravity, as most of us discovered in our infancy when     we first tried walking, does not have a time lag. Except in cartoons and in tidal     oceanography. Gravity happens right now, and it happens to the whole planet all at the     same time. The bulge created by the moon is a collective change in molecular motion     created by the gravitational effect of the sun and the moon.  The greatest change in     molecular motion is on the part of the planet nearest to the sun and moon - the surface.     But the gravity effect of the moon and the sun distort the planet everywhere, right to the     core and on to the opposite side of the planet.
As the planet rotates under the moon, the molecular     effect remains at its maximum directly under the moon. But this is not a wave propagating     and has none of the characteristics of one. If the moon vanished instantly, the effect     would vanish in the very short time it would take the planet to assume a more uniform,     unbulged, shape. Waves propagate from one area to another, gravity bulges     don't. The gravity bulge from the moon remains perfectly stationary under the moon. The     gravity bulge from the sun stays perfectly stationary under the sun.
Waves also generate wave trains with specific features     of multiple wave propagation. The tidal effect is a singular egging of the planet.
Further, there is no friction of water movement over     the deep sea because the tidal effect does not move water around the planet every day. It     does not directly move water anywhere. In the open sea, when the moon passes over, the     water stays where it is, moving in whatever direction it happened to be moving.
The only       effect of the moon is that the water molecules alter their motion slightly, along with all       the rest of the molecules of the planet, so the whole mass elevates a miniscule amount       (relative to the diameter of the planet).
The massive movement of water we observe near ocean passes or from     estuaries and lagoons is only indirectly caused by the gravitational effect. It is not a     tidal wave rushing in and out of the harbor. The harbor is lifting up and descending and     the water is, quite naturally, sloshing in and out as this happens.
 
