vo = outer velocity =  29.39 m/s
vi = inner velocity =  -4.54 m/s
a = 3.31 x 10-5 m/s2
ao = 7.82 x 10-5 m/s2
ai = -1.2 x 10-5 m/s2
Δao =  4.51 x 10-5 m/s2
Δai =  4.51 x 10-5 m/s2
We certainly do find a significant effect from the Earth orbiting its own barycenter.  In fact, it swamps all other effects.  It is 40 times as great as the gravitational effect from the Moon and almost 60 times the total effects from the Sun.  However, Feynman was wrong in one very important way.  The effect doesn’t just raise a tide on the far side of the Earth from the Moon; it raises an equal tide toward the Moon.  Feynman obviously didn’t know what to do with that negative radius.  But as you can see from my diagram, it produces a positive tide.  You must follow the steps of the math I did previously, and if you do it exactly, you find that you must subtract  ai from a, to achieve the proper differential.  As vectors, they are pointing in opposite directions, so you subtract a negative, which is the same as addition.
Δai =  a – ai
The barycenter falsifies the entire standard analysis, since it would swamp all effects from the Sun and Moon.  You cannot include effects from the barycenter, since they cannot be made to fit the given data.  And you cannot fail to include effects from the barycenter, since current gravity theory demands a barycenter.  This is called a failed theory.
Some have tried to squirm out of this by telling me that since the barycenter numbers are equal forward and back, the tide is a constant and the other tides can just be stacked on top of it.  But this is illogical.  The numbers show the barycenter tides equal front and back: they do NOT show an equal tide all the way around.  The barycenter is a discrete point, and there is a vector pointing from the center of the Earth to the barycenter.  This gives the barycenter tide position and direction on the surface of the Earth, just like any other tide.  In other words, it would create heaps.  That is what my illustration shows.  The math and the illustration do not show an equal heaping in all directions.  All points on the oceans would not swell equally, and at the same time.  Therefore, if we had a barycenter tide, it would be quite obvious.  It would create huge swells and it would swamp all other tides.  We wouldn't need a list of 388 tidal harmonics, we would need only 1.
To add to the confusion, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) explains tides on its website3 by disregarding fields and differentials altogether.  In various places it glosses (very poorly) the effects I have calculated here.  It mentions the barycenter effect, the tidal bulges, and so on, if only to mention all the physics thought to be involved.  But after outlining and diagramming every possible cause and effect, it resorts to tides as a straight force from the Moon.  The author states that the force is not great enough to overcome the gravitational pull of the Earth on the ocean water directly beneath the Moon, but at the tangents the Moon’s effect is unresisted by Earth’s gravity.  Gravity does not pertain at a perpendicular.  So the Moon tends to draw all the waters of the Earth from the tangents to the sublunar point.  The author accepts that water must also “heap” at the antipodal point, but he does not say how an attractive force at the tangents would heap water at the antipodal point.  In fact it would not.  A force of this sort would tend to decrease the total amount of seawater in the far half of the ocean and heap it all in the near half.  There would be no far tide, just a large far depression.
It is clear that there is no mainstream view of what causes ocean tides.   Several views are held by different mainstream organizations.  The NOAA is in the dark ages, CENPA is publishing some very dishonest math, and other experts are all over the map.  Feynman, who no one would call marginal, weighed in on the barycenter explanation, but got it wrong.  NASA and JPL appear to accept the inverse cube law, but avoid the issue on their websites.  They give only PR glosses for a mainstream audience.
      The Standard Model, or its upper levels, appears to be currently founded on the inverse cube "law," but it is inconsistently applied.  It is applied in conjunction with the centrifugal effects in regard to tidal effects on the Moon, but it is not when explaining tides on the Earth caused by Sun and Moon.  This is because the current model needs to keep the Sun’s effects low, so that they do not conflict with data.  In order to explain spring tides and neap tides, the Sun’s effects must be squeezed to fit data, and 67% is just too high; 45% is about right.
      Regarding the barycenter answer, it has not been accepted even though Feynman liked it.  To disregard Feynman, physics has to have a pretty good reason, and I have shown you the reason.  If we apply the correct math to the barycenter theory, then we find that if it is true it swamps everything.  It gives us two high tides that vary 1/1.22, which we could readily accept.  Except that these tides are so huge that all the other variations are lost.  The neap tides and spring tides are easily measurable: the data can’t be explained if the effect from the Sun is 72 times smaller than the main effect.  Lunar perigee and apogee variations also would become negligible if they were compared to a barycenter tide.   All effects from variation in the lunar orbit would be lost.
      All this is a terrible problem.  If you accept the postulates of current gravitational theory, then you are led inexorably to the barycenter tide.  But you cannot accept it because it conflicts strongly with all data.  It cannot be absorbed by even the most creative theory or math.  But if you throw out the barycenter tide, then you have to throw out all the bathwater too.  We used the same physics and the same differential equations to find the barycenter numbers that we did to find the Solar and Lunar numbers.  If the physics and equations are wrong, they must be wrong all the way down.  We cannot just go back halfway, taking the numbers we like.  We have to throw out all the numbers and start over.  Even more, we have to throw out all the assumptions.  No matter how we followed the assumptions, we arrived at numbers that did not work.  This is called a failed theory.
      Ask yourself why Feynman didn't insist on the barycenter solution.  He was in a position to insist, and he was the type to insist if he knew he was right.  He didn’t insist because it was only a suggestion, one he couldn’t ultimately make fit the data.  He saw correctly that it was the logical answer given gravity, but once it didn’t fit the data, he gave it up.  He was always an empiricist, and never let his theory get before the facts.  Now, ask yourself why Feynman did not follow up with another theory.  Surely he could see that gravity insisted on the barycenter tide.  If the barycenter tide does not work, then there is something seriously wrong with gravity.  The only way the barycenter tide could be false is if it is itself being swamped by another force field.  What could this field be?  Feynman obviously hadn’t a clue.
Tidal theory, like so much other contemporary theory, has become a farce.  Newton proposed the Moon’s gravitational field as the cause of tides and no one has seen fit to correct him, even though we have data now that makes his theory ridiculous to keep.    If Newton had known a mass and distance for the Sun and Moon, he would never have proposed the theory he did (I hope).
      Now, I admit that tidal theory has become very advanced in some ways.  New models can predict the effects of tides with greater accuracy.   And tidal theory is quite successful in showing how the given forces can create the tides we see.  But it has made no progess since Newton in explaining the genesis of the fields themselves.  As I have shown here, the foundational theory of tides is little more than a bad joke.  The Standard Model tries to keep all this out of sight, and it is amazingly successful in doing so.   Most tidal analysis does not mention the relative strengths of the fields of the Sun and Moon, since it immediately explodes the theory.  Only places like Wikipedia are foolish enough to hang the dirty laundry in the open air.  Most books and websites are long on computer graphics, historical glosses, and advanced mathematics, and very short on foundational theory.  We can now see why.
Tidal Effects on the Moon
Now let us look at tides on the Moon.   I will start over with my analysis, pretending once again that the reader knows nothing about tides; but in this section I will hit some topics that we missed in the first section.  The Standard Model, as glossed in textbooks at all levels, explains tides by showing that real bodies do not behave like point particles.  Because they have real extension, different parts of the body must be feeling different forces.  If we take the Moon as an example, we can compare three points on or in the Moon.  We take the point nearest the Earth, the point at the center of the Moon, and the point farthest away.  The point at the center feels a force from the Earth that is just sufficient to make it orbit.  That is why, in fact, it is orbiting.  It feels no tides of any kind.  The point nearest the Earth requires less force to make it orbit than the point at the center, but it actually feels more force.  The point farthest from the Earth requires more force to make it orbit, but it is feeling less force than the point at the center.  The point nearest therefore feels a resultant force toward the Earth and the point furthest feels a resultant force away from the Earth.  This causes a tide that maximizes at the near and far points.
      So far so good.  The Standard Model applied to the Moon follows what we have already found regarding the Earth.  But before we analyze it again, let’s look at something interesting.  Notice how theorists who claim to believe in General Relativity always revert to Newton when it comes time to explain forces in gravitational fields.  In the chapters on General Relativity, we are told that an orbiting body is feeling no forces.  It is simply following curved space, the “line” of least resistance.  We are shown the ball-bearing on the piece of rubber, and the tiny marble orbiting it with no centripetal force.  All quite ingenious, except that it does not explain the genesis of the forces at a distance used in tidal theory.  How can an orbiter that is feeling no forces achieve tides?  Even more to the point, how can an orbiter that is traveling in the curved space of its primary re-curve that space in order to transmit a tidal force to the primary?  Is the gravitational field between the Moon and Earth curving convex or concave, relative to the Moon?   I would think it must be one or the other.  It cannot be curving both ways at once.
      If anyone answers “gravitons,” then I think we can throw out the curved space idea as superfluous.   If we have gravitons mediating the force, then the Moon is feeling a force.  In which case we don’t need curvature to explain anything.
But the current theory isn’t even that advanced, regarding tides.  Graviton or no graviton, the theory reverts to Newton for the explanation.  To cover all its bases, the theory gives the situation a sort of double cause.  The first cause is given to the gravitational field.  Nearer parts of the body will accelerate toward the Earth faster than farther parts, regardless of their weight or mass.  Remember that acceleration in a gravitational field has nothing to do with mass.  All objects fall at the same rate.  Acceleration is dependent only on radius.  So the analysis should always be talking about accelerations, not forces.  This part of the theory is at least logical, given Newton’s equations.  It is true that the static gravitational field would create tides as claimed, near and far.  But it would create these tides even if there were no circular motion and no orbit.  An object in freefall would experience this sort of tide, as the Standard Model admits.
      Current theory gives a second mechanism, and this mechanism requires an orbital velocity.  Nearer parts of the Moon orbit in a slightly smaller circumference than farther parts.  They travel this circumference in the same time as the rest of the Moon.  Therefore they have a slower orbital velocity.  With more acceleration and less orbital velocity, the near tide is increased.   Likewise, farther parts of the Moon have less acceleration and more orbital velocity, once again increasing the proposed tide.  This analysis is once again (mostly) true, but this second cause has nothing to do with gravity.  It is an outcome of all circular motion, whether you have a gravitational field or not.    Whirl any dimensionally consistent object and the circular motion will create tides in the object just like these, if you apply the forces in the same way.
      You will say that a spin dryer or a ride at the fair does not cause elongation like this, forcing the object to spread out along the radial line.  Just the opposite: a fair ride or spin dryer causes the object to flatten out along the orbital line.  But this is because all the force is applied from the back of the object.  If we applied all the gravitational force from the back of the Moon, the Moon would also flatten in this way.  No tide could be created at the back, since the force would constrain it, just like the wall of the dryer.  The rest of the Moon would feel no force and would be totally unconstrained, except by its inner structure. Feeling no centripetal force, it would naturally follow the vector of the tangential velocity until it too was constrained by the force from behind or by internal structure.  This is exactly what happens in the dryer or at the fair.
      But if Big Uncle Joe swings you by the arms, you do not flatten out like a towel in the dryer.  You flatten out along the radius.  The force is applied from the front, and you spread out in a line away from the center, with your legs flying behind you.
      To begin to create the Moon analogy, you would have to have three ropes along the same radial line.  Lie on the ground with your head pointed toward Big Uncle Joe.  He ties one rope to your hands, one rope to your waist, and one rope to your feet.  As he swings you, Uncle Joe wants to keep your hands, waist and feet in the same line, so that your legs don’t lead, and your hands or waist either.  From his point of view, he wants to see just your screaming face.  Your waist and feet should be in a direct line behind your head.
      If your hands, waist and feet all weigh about the same, then it is obvious that the rope about your feet will have more tension on it.  Your feet are going faster to keep up, and they weigh the same, therefore more force.  By the same token, the rope on your hands has less force.  Of course Big Uncle Joe is not a magician: he can’t swing you at three different rates at the same time.  We can imagine the forces being different along each rope, but Uncle Joe is causing your tangential velocity at the same time, through the same ropes.  He can’t impart three different torques down the same line.  So this example cannot be created.  It is a useful visualization however.
      A similar example could be created in the spin ride at the fair, or in a centrifuge.  Take three equal weights and tie them to three separate points along the same radial line, at different distances from the center.  Get the centrifuge up to speed and measure the forces.  The greatest force will be on the one furthest from the center.   To see how an object that was a sum of the three weights would react as a whole, subtract the force on the inner weight from the force on each one.  The force on the inner one is now zero, the force on the middle one is bigger (middle minus inner) and the force on the outer one is biggest (outer minus inner).  The outer weight wants to move away from the center a lot, the middle one less and the inner one even less.  This is immediately clear with the outer one.  If all three ties were cut simultaneously, then the outer one would move away from the center faster than the middle one.  The distance between the two weights would increase.  Therefore the outer weight seems to feel a force away from the middle weight.  The same is true comparing the inner and middle, although it is a bit less intuitive for some.  If the ties were cut the inner weight would move away from the center more slowly than the middle weight.    Once again the two weights would increase the distance between them, so that there is a sort of force away from the middle weight once again.  If the middle weight is the baseline, then both the outer weight and the inner weight will tend to move away from it.  This will make the object deform along the radial line, just like the tides on the Moon.
So, we can add up the effects on the Moon just like on the Earth.  We can use the equation
ΔaE = ω2r  + GM[1/R2 – 1/(R-r)2]
      =  .000012 + .000024  = 3.6 x 10-5 m/s2
ΔaS = ω2r  + GM[1/R2 – 1/(R-r)2]
      = 6.9 x 10-8 +  1.4 x 10-7 = 2.1 x 10-7 m/s2
The solar tide on the Moon should be 171 times smaller than the terrestrial effect.  More importantly, the visible tide on the Moon should be symmetrical front and back.  Is this what we find?  Not at all.  The Moon rotates relative to the Sun, so we would not expect to find a solar effect on the Moon, beyond a tiny constant shift in the crust opposite the direction of this rotation.  The rotation of the Moon on its axis relative to the Sun does not cause a further tide from the Sun, or add to the tidal effect, but it acts to shift the tides we have already calculated, just as the rotation of the Earth shifts the ocean tides, causing them to travel.  I am not aware of any experiments on the Moon to measure lateral shift of the crust in the direction opposite rotation, to verify the relative strength of the solar tide, although this would be a very useful experiment.  However, concerning the terrestrial tide, we have ample visual data.  This data is not a confirmation, to say the least.  The schematic of the Moon (above) will show you that the Moon exhibits no real tide at the back.  Even more astonishingly, it has a negative tide at the front, the crust being almost obliterated in places.  How does current theory explain this?  It can't explain it using gravity or circular motion.  This is how it is explained in the Encyclopedia of the Solar System:4 "The conventional explanation for the center of figure/center of mass offset is that the farside highland low-density crust is thicker.  It is massive enough and sufficiently irregular in thickness to account for the effect."  More gobbledygook, in other words.   If the farside crust is low-density, this would only add to the problem.  To create a greater tide we need more mass over there, not less.
Before I move on to solve all these problems, I have one more thing to say about the orbit of the Moon.  In all these analyses, both mine and those of the Standard Model, it has been assumed that outer parts of the Moon can travel faster than the inner parts.  The diagram requires it and so we have just taken it as a given.  We do not even ask how it is physically possible for different parts to have different tangential velocities and different orbital velocities.  The gravitational field cannot be creating them, since it cannot exert a force tangentially.  The field creates only radial forces.   We need either a mechanical cause of the variance, or we need to show that all orbiters exhibit shearing along the direction of orbit.  Orbiters in tidal lock should exhibit strong symptoms of shearing, since the forward part of the object is always in lower orbit and the back part is always in higher orbit.  The back part of the Moon should shear in the reverse direction of orbit and the front part should shear in the forward direction.   But the data is negative, and we are given no cause for the negative data.  The only mechanical cause would be some sort of absolute rigidity of the Moon radially.  But this is not true empirically.  With current theory, the lack of data is a complete mystery.
      General Relativity can explain it, since according to that theory, the Moon is feeling no forces.  A Moon feeling no forces would not be showing any signs of shearing.  But you can hardly use GR to explain the tides we don’t see and use Newton to explain the tides we do see.  The Moon is either feeling forces or it isn’t.
      The problem was a big one for Newton, even in his own time, since he is the one who postulated that the tangential part of the velocity in orbit was caused by the orbiter's "innate motion".  That is to say, the tangential vector is one the object has prior to or independent of the gravitational field.  But of course the object could not have a variable innate motion.  It cannot speed up outer parts and slow down inner parts just to suit diagrams.
      It is now not just Newton’s problem.  Current theory has inherited it and failed to explain it, or even try to explain it.
You can now read my newest paper on tides, More Trouble with Tides .  You can also read the first two parts of my Solution to Tides.
1www.npl.washington.edu/AV/altvw63.html.  This site is managed by CENPA, the Center for Experimental Nuclear Physics and Astrophysics.
2www.sanho.co.za/tides/tide_theory.PDF
3www.co-ops.nos.noaa.gov/restles1.html#Intro
4Compiled by NASA and JPL, 1999. p. 252.
If this paper was useful to you in any way, please consider donating a dollar (or more) to the SAVE THE ARTISTS FOUNDATION.  This will allow me to continue writing these "unpublishable" things.  Don't be confused by paying Melisa Smith--that is just one of my many noms de plume.  If you are a Paypal user, there is no fee; so it might be worth your while to become one.  Otherwise they will rob us 33 cents for each transaction.
