Troubled Times: High Tides
High Tides
On Apr 15, 1999 ZetaTalk stated in the 1999 Predictions that high tides would be experienced, unrelated to earthquakes. They repeated this prediction on Jan 12,  2000 , with more specifics.
Winds sweeping in without notice, sudden storms, deluges, tides that are greater than expected, especially along the Pacific coastlines.
ZetaTalk: 1999 Predictions , written on Apr 15, 1999
We also predict, as we did last year, that there will be high tides. Not tsunamis, following earthquakes, but unusual high tides.
ZetaTalk: During 2000 , written Jan 12, 2000
On Jan 26, 2000 a 65 foot wave was reported in the Philippines, cause unknown, by mid-2000 the US Government was preparing for unexplained Tsunamis , and  on both May 20 and 22, 2005 the Indian state of Kerala evacuated 15,000 due to high tides come crashing into huts and submerged villages. On April 11, 2007 Acapulco, Mexico had a sudden unexplained wave that washed inland. By May 18, 2007 more reports were coming in from Indonesia . High tides unrelated to  any cause. On Nov 27 a high tide affected both the Essex coast of Britain and Indonesia and Vietnam, virtually simultaneously (when the international date line is  taken into consideration). These high tides were immense and had no known cause. During July, 2009 high tides along the East Coast of the US baffled scientists  and on the other side of the world India experiences its highest tides in 100 years.
Experts Struggle to Explain High Tides
Jul. 25, 2009
http://www.charlotteobserver.com/breaking/story/852054.html
Since June, tides have been running from 6 inches to 2 feet above what would normally be expected, even considering seasonal and  lunar fluctuations. While local tidal changes are not uncommon, researchers for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration aren't sure they have ever recorded an event like this one, which is showing up all the way from Maine to Florida.
 
Scientists Don't Know What's Causing Freak Tides
July 27, 2009
http://www.gpb.org/news/2009/07/27/scientists-dont-know-whats-causing-freak-tides
Marine scientists say, they're baffled by several weeks of unusually high tides that coastal residents have noticed from Maine to  Florida. Unusually high tides are not uncommon, but their causes are usually easily identified. Since mid-June, however, scientists  have found no credible reason why tides are running a half to two-feet above normal up and down the East Coast.
 
Mumbai Braces for Highest Tide in 100 Years
July 24, 2009
http://www.hindu.com/thehindu/holnus/000200907241023.htm
Nearly 200 people have been evacuated from coastal areas, warnings have been sent out to those in low-lying regions and schools  have advised students to stay at home as India's financial capital braces for a massive 5.5 metre high tidal wave, billed as the  highest in 100 years, to lash it Friday afternoon.
High Tides Flood Indonesian Capital with Sea Water
November 27, 2007
High tides in Indonesian capital forced thousands of people to abandon their flooded homes and cut off the road leading to  international airport. Authorities installed pumps to bring down water levels, which were 1.7-meters (yards) high in several  subdistricts and reached up to two kilometers (more than a mile) inland, but said they expected tides to continue to wreak havoc  through the end of the month. Residents in north Jakarta have grown used to flooding during the monthly high-tide cycle, but  Monday's was the worst in memory.
 
Tides Erode Dykes, 300 houses Flooded15:59'
Nov 27, 2007
http://english.vietnamnet.vn/social/2007/11/757006/
Many houses in Thu Duc District's Hiep Binh Phuoc ward are now under one metre of water, with house-hold appliances damaged  and dozens of families having to move to safer areas along National Highway 13. Equipment kept outdoors by various companies  was also damaged by the water. High tides on the rivers of Tuy An Song Cau in the south central province of Phu Yen caused 50  houses to collapse and sank 11 fishing vessels.
At least 4,000 W Aceh Residents Displaced by Tidal Waves
May 19, 2007
At least 4,000 residents of West Aceh district in Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam province have been forced to flee their homes by tidal  waves that have been hitting their coastal villages continuously over the past few days. Besides Aceh, tidal waves of up to seven  meters high also struck the coastlines of other provinces in Indonesia such as North Sumatra, West Sumatra, Bengkulu, and  Lampung on Sumatra island, West Java, Central Java, East Java, and Bali island.
 
Tidal Waves Hit Indonesian Coastal Areas
May 18, 2007
Geophysics and Meteorology (BMG) officials said the tidal waves that happened in Java`s northern and southern coastal areas  were triggered by the accumulation of wind swell from other areas.
 
Freak Wave Hits Acapulco
Apr 11, 2007, 23:00
Six people were rescued Monday after being swept out into Acapulco Bay when an unusually large wave washed over part of the  resort city's coastal road, government news agency Notimex reported. Photos obtained by the Associated Press showed the  seawater reaching the wheel wells of cars on the hotel-lined boulevard, dozens of yards inland from the normal high-tide mark. The  six people rescued were apparently walking along the beach when the wave hit and were pulled to safety by passing boats,  Notimex said. There were no reported injuries. The wave occurred on a sunny, hot day with no storm in sight, and its source was  not clear. Such unusual waves can sometimes happen in good weather because of meteorological phenomenon occurring farther  out to sea.
 
Tidal Waves Leave Thousands Homeless in Philippines
Discovery News, Jan 26, 2000
At least 5,150 people were left homeless and dozens injured by massive waves that swept over the remote southern Philippine  province of Tawi-Tawi on Tuesday. Before the 65-foot waves hit, many local residents in the stricken coastal villages were able to  flee to higher ground after local fishermen sounded the alert. The Tawi-Tawi communities of Matata and Ungos, 671 miles south of  Manila, were severely battered by the rampaging waves. Scores of people were injured as they escaped.Hundreds of traditional stilt  houses in the region were leveled by the waves that struck just after midnight. At least 150 homes in the island towns of Sapa-Sapa  and Simunol were also destroyed. Officials reported that there were no indications of how the huge waves were generated.
 
Freak Tide Submerges Bangladeshi Community
Discovery Earth Alert, Aug. 31, 2000
A freak high tide submerged an entire island community off the coast of Bangladesh beneath 6 feet of sea water for nearly three  hours on Wednesday. Nearly 10,000 people on Sandwip Island were forced to rush to cyclone shelters as the water gushed into  their homes. Golam Rabbani, a disaster management official, reported that the victims, who were mostly fishermen, moved to the  shelters built on higher ground. Although the tide began to recede after three hours, a flood protection embankment constructed  around the island prevented the water from flowing back out. The country's meteorological office reported that the unusually high  tide had been triggered by a depression over the Bay of Bengal that caused the sea to rise. The area is located off the coast of  southeast Bangladesh near the city of Chittagong.
 
Florida Mystery Waves Blamed On Meteorite Impact
By Milt Salamon, Florida Today, September 5 2000
"I'd be willing to bet that if you had the weather maps of the Atlantic Ocean on those days, you'd find no wave-generating storm  off Africa," wrote Gene Floersch of Melbourne Beach. He was referring to a suggested cause of the mysterious huge waves we've  been writing about. They suddenly invaded the beach north of Fort Lauderdale on a clear, sunny, wind-free day in early March  1962 and frightened onlookers. One, Mary Swanson, now an Indialantic resident, said she'd moved to Arizona soon after the event  and never knew what caused it. She hoped our readers could tell her. We've been reporting their responses, which mostly blame the  waves on far-off storms, as distant as Africa. Gene contrasted the nature of the waves described by Mary to the storm-generated  ocean swells that "every good surfer knows" - like the ones he surfed that year in Daytona Beach ("no mystery waves there," he  said).
"Any storm powerful enough to send waves clear across the Atlantic would have affected the whole Florida coastline ... and would  also have first devastated the Bahama Islands," Gene said. However, he added, "there was a more recent incident of’mystery  waves' that did hit Daytona Beach on an evening when the sea was flat, swamping beach-parked cars and scaring a lot of tourists  at the boardwalk. Officials claimed these waves were generated by a’sand slide' out on the continental shelf, but there was no  geological activity registered by seismic sensors along the east coast. "Some weeks later a local news channel ran a report about  the operators of a shrimp boat off the coast witnessing a huge splash in the distance and then almost being swamped by massive  swells. "I believe the waves in both cases were caused by meteor impacts at sea. I also believe that safety officials play down these  incidents, feeding the public any excuse but the truth. "Why? Because we have no defense or warning systems to deal with meteor  impacts. Our government justifies spending billions of tax dollars on missile defense systems, and yet a missile attack is less of a  threat than the debris flying around in local space. The reality is that even if an imminent impact were predicted, there is nothing  we could do about it."
