by Mya Kagan (whyzz writer) >> more about the author
 
When you are at the beach during “low tide,” there is a lot less water than there was during “high tide“! Where did all of that water disappear to?? Has it decided to go hang out at a different beach? Will it ever come back??
The answer is “yes,” it will come back, and also “yes,” it kind of has decided to go and hang out at a different beach for a little while!
High and low tides are mostly caused by the pull of gravity coming from the moon, in addition to the gravitational pull shared between the Earth and the moon as they swing around each other in orbit! The sun’s pull of gravity also effects the tides a little bit, but only about half as much as the moon.
What happens is that as certain parts of the Earth turn to face the moon, the special pull of gravity causes the water in the oceans swell in certain directions! The result is that the water on shore in certain parts of the world lowers (low tide) as it’s pulled over to other places where it swells up higher. (High tide.) As our planet and the moon continue to swing around each other, the tides change and places that had low tide get high tide, and vice-verse!
Totally tidal!
Get a small, shallow pan and fill it up with a little bit of water to try out an experiment that will help you see what happens during low tide!
Pretend like one end of the pan is the beach in one part of the world, while the other end of the pan is the beach on another side of the world!
Tilt the pan a little bit in one direction, pretending like the special pulls of gravity from the moon, our swinging orbit with the moon, and the sun have caused the tilt. What happens to the water in the dish? Do you see the way the “tide” is low at one of your make-believe beaches, while it’s higher at the other?
Now pretend like the all of those same forces cause you to tilt the pan in the other direction. Do you see how the tide switches?? – COOL!
Nebel, Bernard J. Ph.D. “Chapter 6 – Geography, Climates and Seasons, and the Heavens Above.” Nebel’s Elementary Education. Maryland: Nebel’s Press for Learning, 2001. 125-126.
