anon253632
Post 9
Can someone please explain to me how can two high tides and two low tides occur in one day?
anon201718
Post 8
Thanks for the explanation, however I'm not convinced it is a fully accurate explanation. I may be wrong, though. If tides are created by the Moon (leave the Sun apart) gravity, and if the Moon is above the Atlantic, then the center of the Atlantic should have a bulge (I'm ok), but the other side of the Earth, the Pacific, should experiment a level decrease, not a smaller bulge (the Moon's gravity is not "pushing", but "pulling"). To me, the rotation of the Earth makes all oceans bulging (centrifugal force) around the equator, but the Moon attraction adds to this bulge on one side (where there is the low tide), and subtract from this bulge on the other side (the bulge is smaller than the one created by the rotation).
I'm not either convinced by the difference in the Moon gravity field being so different between the opposite sides of the Earth (which in the article explain differences of bulges). Remember the Moon is at 384,000 km from the Earth, and the Earth diameter is only 13,000 km (3 percent). Anyone agreeing?
anon194177
Post 7
I was under the impression that it had more to do with how the horizontal gravity vector actually pushes the water horizontally to where the furtherest and closest points to the moon are? Thus the water bulges due to being pushed sideways along the Earth to where the both high tides are. Thank you for the valuable information.
Related Topics
Glasshouse
Post 4
@ Fiorite- The tidal forces of gravity that you wrote about are due to the properties of gravitational waves.  The tidal effects of gravity are controlled by the properties of vertical and horizontal separation.
Gravitational waves pull to the center of an object.  This causes objects vertically aligned to the axis of the force of gravity to pull away from each other.  This is because the object closest to a gravitational force will accelerate towards its center slightly faster than the object farther away.  The ocean closest to the moon accelerates to the moon faster than the ocean on the far side of the earth.
The horizontal separation property of the tidal effect causes two objects that are spaced horizontally to decrease their horizontal separation as they move towards the gravitational force.  This is the phenomenon of tidal contraction.  The water pulls horizontally across the earth's surface toward the center of the gravitational force.  This causes the ebb and flow of the tides.
Fiorite
Post 3
@ Anon77673- Most tides are semidiurnal because of the physics of gravity and the relationship between the earth and its oceans.  When the moon is pulling on one side of the earth it pulls both the earth and everything on it, but the earth is somewhat elastic.
The tidal forces of gravity cause the side of the earth closest to the moon to accelerate faster than the side of the earth farthest from the moon.  This is because gravity is not a uniform force, becoming weaker the farther the objects are from each other.
The far side of the earth moves slower in relation to the center side of the earth causing an opposite tidal bulge on an ocean centered on the far side.  This will create a corresponding tide on the opposite side of the earth.
I'll give an example.  The Atlantic Ocean is centered below the moon on one side of the earth.  This creates a low tide because the center of the ocean is bulged causing the ocean to move away from the shore.  The Pacific Ocean will bulge in the center on the opposite side of the earth, creating a corresponding tide.  If the edge of an ocean is centered under the moons gravitational force then a high tide forms.
anon77673
Post 2
I don't get the two tides a day explanation. The Moon (and to a lesser extent the sun) pull a bulge of water creating a tide that follows them around. How does "centrifugal force" create a bulge 180 degrees out from the gravitational pull?
Surely this force pulls in proportion to the mass of the body of water and would exaggerate the gravitational pull and minimise any tendency to have an opposing bulge to the that caused by the moon's gravity?
Post your comments
please enter the following code:
Login
