Sea Defence breach, high tide causes widespread flooding in New Amsterdam
September 29, 2011 | By KNews | Filed Under News  
 NCN Berbice shuts down transmission
A sea defence breach in the Canje Creek, and an overburdened koker have resulted in immense flooding that has wreaked havoc on residents of Tucber, Nurseville and Winkel in New Amsterdam.
Coupled with unusual Spring tides, the residents are reeling from flooded yards, living rooms and homes. According to the residents, the Regional officials effected temporary repairs to the breach in August, using soft mud, but the breach gave way again some time on Tuesday.
A view from the Canje River Bridge of the flooded Dharm Shala Home for the Destitute
Esther Griffith lives right next to the koker. She said that this was the first time it has happened. “I was made to understand by the koker man that there is a sea defence breach. They did a temporary sealing last month and due to this high tide, other parts have broken away, causing this heavy flooding.”
Carmen Pluck of Lot 154 Tucber was at her wits’ end since her entire home was flooded.
“I am sick of this situation because, the bedroom, the kitchen, living room, all over covered with water. I spoke with the Chairman, and he said they are going to come, and up to now, nobody has come to my rescue.”
“Where are we going to sleep? The things are all damaged, as you can see. And no help; nobody has come to help or advise, or spray or nothing, and I understand that we have to deal with this until Sunday. I had to clean all the mud that was in the house and in the yard and bap—here comes the water again.
“Who am I going to complain to?” she asked.
“This is the sweet Guyana that we are living in, because at least, I am suffering. Nobody is coming to you. They’re not even coming around to see what is going on with your life—nobody, nobody at all!” Pluck said.
“I am fed up; I am tired, and if I have a chance where I can run like everybody, I will run,” she stated.
Lloyda Richmond said that the flood is affecting her very badly. “I cleaned up this morning—take my time and clean up the place—and this is what I come back and reach (pointing to the flood). I am fed up with this nonsense! Thick, thick mud! Like a mud- flat,” she lamented.
“They should try to come and do something to help us here, because this is something overbearing to us. We fed up with this. My grandchildren are asthmatic and they have to deal with this”, she noted.
The entire compound of the Dharm Shala senior citizens’ home at Fort Canje was under water on Tuesday afternoon and the water seemed to be rising as the time went by. The unusual spring tide also resulted in the flooding of the compound of the National
A resident of Tucber nearly slips and falls in the flooded waters on Tuesday afternoon
Communications Network (NCN) Berbice Operations which had to pull the plug on their transmission on Tuesday afternoon, as the station suffered several losses as a result of the flood.
The Coordinator of the NCN Berbice Operations, Mr Faizal Jaffarally, told this newspaper on Wednesday morning that he cannot estimate the losses at the station, until a full assessment is carried out.
The compound of the New Amsterdam Technical Institute (NATI) was also flooded and some classes were suspended on Wednesday. Kaieteur News understands that this same occurrence took place in August, and the authorities scampered to deal with it, but apparently they did not do a proper job.
Several attempts to reach Regional Chairman, Zulfikar Mustapha for a comment, proved futile.
Latest News Headlines
