Maldives
 
The Maldives are a collection of nearly 1,200 islands and atolls in the Indian Ocean, The country is located south of India's Lakshadweep islands, and about 435 miles south-west of Sri Lanka. Twenty-six coralline are spread across the top of an undersea volcanic ridge for 960 kilometers, running from north to south. Some of the larger atolls are 50 kilometers long and 30 km wide. The 1,190 islands that make up the rest of the country are no larger than 8 kilometers [ 8 ]
5. Actors
Heavily polluting nations, the government of the Maldives led by President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, and protestors seeking a more transparent democracy within the Maldives.
 
6. Type of Environmental Problem: Global Warming/Rising Ocean Levels, Loss of Habitat
Other Environmental Categories: Habitat Loss, Bio-diversity Loss, Species Loss Land
The December 26, 2004 tsunami strikes Male'
Image by Sofwathulla Mohamed
Global Warming/Rising Ocean Levels:
All of the islands of the Maldives are extremely sensitive to rising ocean levels.  Indeed, the country's highest point is only two meters above sea level. Human-induced global warming is causing glaciers and polar ice caps to melt, leading to a rise in ocean levels.  If ocean levels rose enough, the entire country could disappear under water.
Habitat Loss, Bio-diversity Loss, Species Loss Land
Rising ocean levels threaten the entire existence of the Maldives. In turn, the ocean threatens the habitat of every human, plant, and land animal in the country. Humans could be easily relocated to other neighboring countries, but preventing bio-diversity and species loss would be difficult. Cataloging each animal and plant in the country would be costly and time-consuming. Furthermore, introducing those plants and animals to a new ecosystem could also be problematic and upset the natural balance of that ecosystem. The newly-introduced plants and animals could become invasive or the domestic plants and animals could eradicate those "rescued" from the sinking Maldives.
7. Type of Habitat: Tropical/Ocean
8. Act and Harm Sites:
Location of the Environmental Act
Location of the Environmental Harm
International:
Pollution from countries around the world leads to an increase of the global mean temperature. Rising temperatures lead to increased melting of glaciers and polar ice caps, which lead to rising ocean levels.
The Maldives:
Global warming and rising sea levels directly threaten the existence of the Maldives and plants and animals living on the islands.
 
III. Conflict Aspects
9. Type of Conflict: International/Civil
The loss of the Maldives due to global warming could create civil conflict. Ultimately, that conflict could spread to other countries as refugees are forced to flee the islands.
10. Level of Conflict: Low/Threat
At the moment, the level of conflict is extremely low.  It has been several years  since the last violent clashes between protestors and the government.  The government has instituted several reforms  (albeit slowly) and is showing some movement towards a more democratic  society.  Unfortunately, due to the small  nature of the Maldives  and its previous conflict, no data are currently available from traditional databases,  such as the Correlates of War .
However,  the potential for conflict will increase as the ocean levels around the Maldives  increase and the country’s leaders revert to their history of authoritarian  rule.
Furthermore,  the level of international conflict could rise in the future.  Will a country that is threatened or  destroyed by global warming demand that compensation for its loss?  Would the Maldives  try to claim Washington, DC—which  is roughly the same size as the Maldives’ territory—as compensation for the United States’ role in contributing  to global warming?
 
11. Fatality Level of Dispute (military and civilian fatalities): 0-300,000
Currently, the fatality level of the possible dispute is  zero because no Maldivians have died in conflict due to global warming.  Several people (less than 10) died in past  protests against the government and approximately 100 died or are missing and  presumed dead in the 2004 tsunami.  It is  possible that global warming and future conflict could claim all 300,000  residents of the Maldives through civil war that could break out as the sea levels rise, land becomes scarce, and the economy of the Maldives starts to fall apart. However, this upper estimate seems unlikely because many residents would likely choose to leave the Maldives rather than stay with the rising waters. 
IV. Environment and Conflict Overlap
12. Environment-Conflict Link and Dynamics:
As climate change raises the world temperature, the polar ice caps will melt and raise sea levels around the world.  Within the Maldives, the country's land area will start to disappear.  Additionally, the rising sea levels will threaten the beachfront resorts that so much of the country's economy depends on.  As the Maldives turn into a chain of sinking islands with no economy, the country's rulers may seek to increase their authoritarian rule over the islands.  At the same time, the pro-democratic forces on the islands may increase their protests and opposition to the authoritarian regime.  Both these actions will cause the residents of the Maldives to flee to higher ground.  Most likely, many Maldivians will become refugees in India, Sri Lanka, and other nearby countries.
13. Level of Strategic Interest: Global and Multilateral
Climate Change and rising ocean levels is an issue that will affect the entire world.  At the same time, the dispute has the potential to become a multilateral issue.  As the rising ocean levels threaten the Maldives, the country’s residents will be forced to move to other countries, such as India or Sri Lanka.  Any conflict within the Maldives could be transferred to these countries.  Additionally, it is possible that the Maldives would seek to be compensated by polluting countries for the loss of their islands.  However it is unclear whether the Maldives would seek new sovereign territory elsewhere. Additionally, it is unclear whether the Maldives would seek that territory in neighboring countries, or elsewhere, such as in countries that contributed to the climate change in the first place, such as the United States or China.
14. Outcome of Dispute: In Progress
At this point, it is too early to determine how this  possible conflict may develop.
 
V. Related Information and Sources
15. Related ICE and TED Cases
The following are other cases in the ICE and TED databases that have similar characteristics to this case study.
Case No. 165- Tsunami-Aceh -- The effect of the 2004 Asian tsunami on the efforts to reconcile a conflict between the Indonesian government and the rebels of the Free Aceh Movement.
Case No.184 -  Tsunami-Thailand -- The effect of the 2004 Asian tsunami on the Muslim-dominated fishing industry of southern and western Thailand.
Case No.160 - Katrina -- The effects and aftermath of Hurricane Katrina that struck the low-lying city of New Orleans on August 29, 2005.
Case No.185 -  Northwest-passage -- Due to global warming, the Canadian government is experiencing new challenges from multiple national governments, especially the United States, concerning the feasibility of international travel through the Northwest Passage.
Case No. 94  - Vineland -- Warming climate conditions a millennia ago allowed the Vikings to travel to North America. When they arrived there, they found that the land was populated by people who both traded with them and went to war. However, combination of changing climate and hostile receptions forced the Vikings out of North America.
Case No. 209 - Haiti-Hurricane -- Exploitation of Haiti's resources by its colonial rulers, combined with climate change creating stronger hurricanes is plunging Haiti further into poverty forcing thousands to flee. This is leading to increased conflict between the Haitian refugees and the residents of their new, adoptive countries.
Case No. 210 - Tuvalu -- Thanks to climate change, rising sea levels are threatening the small, South Pacific nation of Tuvalu.
Case No.  212 - Dutch-Sea -- Half the territory of the Netherlands--and an eighth of its population--lies more than 1 meter below sea level. Rising sea levels due to climate change could drastically impact the Netherlands, leading to social and economic devastation.
ICE Expert Sorts System
By using the ICE Experts Sorts System , the following search criteria were applied :
Field
