Photomicrograph courtesy of
Dr. Tracy Villareal, UTMSI.
Red tide is a naturally-occurring, higher-than-normal concentration of the      microscopic algae Karenia brevis (formerly Gymnodinium breve).
This organism produces a toxin that affects the central nervous system of      fish so that they are paralyzed and cannot breathe. As a result, red tide     blooms      often result in dead fish washing up on Gulf beaches. When red tide algae      reproduce in dense concentrations or "blooms," they are visible       as discolored patches of ocean water, often reddish in color.
What causes red tide?
Red tide is a natural phenomenon not caused by human beings. When temperature,     salinity, and nutrients reach certain levels, a massive increase in Karenia     brevis algae occurs. No one knows the exact combination of factors that     causes red tide, but some experts believe high temperatures combined with     a lack of wind and rainfall are usually at the root of red tide blooms. There     are no known ways that humans can control it, but many scientists around     the world are studying red tide at present. It's important to remember that     red tide has happened before and the Texas marine environment has always     recovered.
How, when and where do red tide blooms start?
Texas red tides have occurred from August through February. They typically      begin in the Gulf of Mexico. Currents and winds then transport blooms toward      shore. The blooms mainly come up along Gulf beaches, and less frequently into      bays and estuaries.
Where is the red tide on the Texas coast right      now?
It's almost impossible to say exactly where the red tide is at any given      moment, because blooms constantly expand and contract and move around in response      to winds and tides. It's important to realize that red tides are typically      isolated patches that don't blanket every stretch of beach. They often concentrate      around wind- or tide-protected areas like man-made jetties.
How can I get the latest information on the      current red tide?
Texas Parks and Wildlife has set up a menu item on its main toll-free information      line to provide regularly updated reports on the current red tide event. Phone      800-792-1112, press 4 for fishing, then 9 for red tide information. Red tide      updates will also appear on the Current      Status page of the TPWD web site and on the Facebook page for harmful algal blooms .
Should I consider postponing a trip to the      coast right now?
Jack Ralph, former head of the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department's Kills      and Spills Team , had this to say on the subject: "If it were my      family heading to the coast, I would not cancel a vacation because of red      tide. It's an isolated, patchy phenomenon that does not blanket every stretch      of beach. On any given day, there are generally miles of good beach and clean      water for beach-goers and anglers to enjoy. However, we encourage all travelers      to heed the advice of the Texas Department of State Health Services, get      the current facts and draw their own conclusions, since different people      have different comfort levels with these kinds of situations."
Is it safe to eat fish that I catch in or      near the red tide?
It's usually okay to eat fish, crabs and shrimp during a red tide bloom because      the toxin is not absorbed into the fleshy tissues of these animals. This advice      from the Texas     Department of State Health Services is based on the assumption that only the      "edible" portions are being consumed (the fillet or muscle). Keep in mind      that you should never eat fish found sick or dead, whether or not they are      caught during a red tide.
Why doesn't the state post signs on the beach      warning the public about red tide?
The eye and throat irritation caused by red tide results from high concentrations      of the algae and rough surf. These conditions cause the red tide's irritant      to become suspended in the air in the salt spray. There is typically little      or no irritation when surf conditions are relatively calm. In most red tides      in Texas, these conditions vary a lot within the space of days or even hours.      As a result, the same part of the beach may have irritating conditions in      the morning and those conditions may be gone by afternoon. On a calm day,      even with red tide in the surf zone, many people can enjoy the beach because      there is not a lot of salt spray from the surf carrying irritant to the beach.      The best advice for beach visitors is if they feel effects in an area, leave      that area and try another one. Some local authorities will post signs on beaches      that they manage. Be aware of all beach warnings when visiting the beach.
Is it safe to eat oysters during a red tide?
Oysters and other shellfish such as clams, mussels, whelks and scallops can      accumulate red tide toxins in their tissues. People that eat oysters or other      shellfish containing red tide toxins may become seriously ill with neurotoxic      shellfish poisoning (NSP). Once a red tide appears to be over, toxins can      remain in the oysters for weeks to months. For this reason, the Texas Department      of State Health Services (TDSHS) closely monitors oyster growing areas for      the presence of red tide and red tide toxins. TDSHS has the authority to close      shellfish harvesting areas during and after a red tide. Oysters you buy from      a restaurant or certified shellfish dealer should not have red tide toxins      in them because of the TDSHS’s monitoring program. There are, however,      other risks associated with bacteria and other contaminants in raw oysters.      For more information about consuming oysters, consult a physician or health      authorities such as TDSHS .      To find more information on Vibrio vulnificus, which may be contracted      by eating raw oysters, please refer to the TDSHS Vibrio      Fact Sheet (PDF) and this rack      card (PDF).
Where can I get more information on red      tide?
Call the red tide phone information line mentioned above -- dial (800) 792-1112,      at the menu select fishing and then red tide.
