Alabama / Alaska / California / Caribbean Islands /  Delaware / Florida / Georgia / Hawaii / Louisiana /  Maryland /  Mississippi / North-Carolina / Oregon / Pacific-Islands / Panama-Canal / Pennsylvania /  South-Carolina / Texas / Virginia / Washington / Washington-DC
 
What are Tides? What Causes Tides?
Tides are one of the most reliable phenomena in the world. As the sun rises in the east and the stars come out at night, we are confident that the ocean waters will regularly rise and fall along our shores. The following pages describe the tremendous forces that cause the worlds tides, and why it is important for us to understand how they work.    Basically, tides are very long-period waves that move through the oceans in response to the forces exerted by the moon and sun. Tides originate in the oceans and progress toward the coastlines where they appear as the regular rise and fall of the sea surface. When the highest part, or crest of the wave reaches a particular location, high tide occurs; low tide corresponds to the lowest part of the wave, or its trough. The difference in height between the high tide and the low tide is called the tidal range.    A horizontal movement of water often accompanies the rising and falling of the tide. This is called the tidal current. The incoming tide along the coast and into the bays and estuaries is called a flood current; the outgoing tide is called an ebb current. The strongest flood and ebb currents usually occur before or near the time of the high and low tides. The weakest currents occur between the flood and ebb currents and are called slack tides. In the open ocean tidal currents are relatively weak. Near estuary entrances, narrow straits and inlets, the speed of tidal currents can reach up to several kilometers per hour.   The Highest Tides on earth   A  view of the tides at Halls Harbour on Nova Scotias   Bay of Fundy. This is a time lapse of the tidal rise and fall over a period of   six and a half hours. During the next six hours of ebb the fishermen unload   their boats on the dock. That's a high tide every 12 and 1/2 hours! There are   two high tides every 25 hours
There are some   extreme cases: the Bay of Fundy, on the east coast of Canada, features the   largest well-documented tidal ranges in the world, 16 metres (53 feet), because   of the shape of the bay. Southampton in the United Kingdom has a double high   tide caused by the flow of water around the Isle of Wight, and Weymouth, Dorset   has a double low tide because of the Isle of Portland. Ungava Bay in Nunavut,   north eastern Canada, is believed by some experts to have higher tidal ranges   than the Bay of Fundy (about 17 metres or 56 feet), but it is free of pack ice   for only about four months every year, whereas the Bay of Fundy rarely freezes   even in the winter. There are only very slight tides in the Mediterranean Sea   and the Baltic Sea due to their narrow connections with the Atlantic Ocean.   Extremely small tides also occur for the same reason in the Gulf of Mexico and   Sea of Japan. On the southern coast of Australia, because the coast is extremely   straight (partly due to the tiny quantities of runoff flowing from rivers),   tidal ranges are equally small.
What   are the different types of Tides?
When the sun and moon are aligned, there   are exceptionally strong gravitational forces, causing very high and very low   tides which are called spring tides, though they have nothing to do with the   season. When the sun and moon are not aligned, the gravitational forces cancel   each other out, and the tides are not as dramatically high and low. These are   called neap tides. Spring Tides When the moon is full or new, the   gravitational pull of the moon and sun are combined. At these times, the high   tides are very high and the low tides are very low. This is known as a spring   high tide. Spring tides are especially strong tides (they do not have anything   to do with the season Spring). They occur when the Earth, the Sun, and the Moon   are in a line. The gravitational forces of the Moon and the Sun both contribute   to the tides. Spring tides occur during the full moon and the new   moon.  Neap Tides During the moons quarter phases the sun and moon   work at right angles, causing the bulges to cancel each other. The result is a   smaller difference between high and low tides and is known as a neap tide. Neap   tides are especially weak tides. They occur when the gravitational forces of the   Moon and the Sun are perpendicular to one another (with respect to the Earth).   Neap tides occur during quarter moons
Gravity is one major force that creates tides. In 1687, Sir Isaac Newton   explained that ocean tides result from the gravitational attraction of the sun   and moon on the oceans of the earth.  Newton’s law of   universal gravitation states that the gravitational attraction between two   bodies is directly proportional to their masses, and inversely proportional to   the square of the distance between the bodies. Therefore, the greater the mass of the objects and the closer they   are to each other, the greater the gravitational attraction between them.  Tidal forces are based on the gravitational attractive force.   With regard to tidal forces on the Earth, the distance between two objects   usually is more critical than their masses. Tidal generating forces vary   inversely as the cube of the distance from the tide generating object.   Gravitational attractive forces only vary inversely to the square of the   distance between the objects. The effect of distance on   tidal forces is seen in the relationship between the sun, the moon, and the   Earths waters.  Our sun is 27 million times larger than our moon. Based   on its mass, the sun's gravitational attraction to the Earth is more than 177   times greater than that of the moon to the Earth. If tidal forces were based   solely on comparative masses, the sun should have a tide-generating force that   is 27 million times greater than that of the moon. However, the sun is 390 times   further from the Earth than is the moon. Thus, its tide-generating force is   reduced by 3903, or about 59 million times less   than the moon. Because of these conditions, the suns tide-generating force is   about half that of the moon.
Most coastal areas, with some exceptions, experience two high tides and two low   tides every lunar day. Almost everyone is familiar with the   concept of a 24-hour solar day, which is the time that it takes for a specific   site on the Earth to rotate from an exact point under the sun to the same point   under the sun. Similarly, a lunar day is the time it takes for a specific site   on the Earth to rotate from an exact point under the moon to the same point   under the moon. Unlike a solar day, however, a lunar day is 24 hours and 50   minutes. The lunar day is 50 minutes longer than a solar day because the moon   revolves around the Earth in the same direction that the Earth rotates around   its axis. So, it takes the Earth an extra 50 minutes to catch up to the moon. Because the Earth rotates through two tidal bulges every lunar day, coastal   areas experience two high and two low tides every 24 hours and 50 minutes. High   tides occur 12 hours and 25 minutes apart. It takes six hours and 12.5 minutes   for the water at the shore to go from high to low, or from low to high.
FRESH WATER   True tides, changes in water level caused by the   gravitational forces of the sun and moon, do occur in a semi-diurnal pattern on   the Great Lakes. The investigations of the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey   indicate that the spring tide, the largest tides caused by the combined forces   of the sun and moon, is less than 2 inches (5cm) in height. These minor   variations are masked by the greater fluctuations in lake levels produced by   wind and barometric pressure changes. Consequently, the Great Lakes are   considered to be essentially non-tidal.  The moons lunar force is nine   million times weaker than the force of Earth's gravity at the Earth's surface.    If the Earth's surfaces were completely submerged by an ocean of unvarying   depth and if the Earth were to face the Moon at all times, there would be tides   two feet high. In addition to rivers, lakes are also affected by the lunar   tide action. These are effects usually easier to detail. Lake high tides are   opposite the Moon when the Moon is below the horizon. If the Moon is up, the   water of the lake follows the Moon around the shore. Low tide goes along the   opposing shore. Lake Michigan, for example, has a tidal difference of 1 and 3/4   inches.
