Surge Vulnerability Facts
Introduction
Along the coast, storm surge is often the greatest threat to life and property from a hurricane.   In the past, large death tolls have resulted from the rise of the ocean  associated with many of the major hurricanes that have made landfall.  Hurricane Katrina (2005) is a prime example of the damage and devastation  that can be caused by surge.  At least 1500 persons lost their lives during Katrina and many  of those deaths occurred directly, or indirectly, as a result of storm surge.
Storm Surge vs. Storm Tide
Storm surge is an abnormal rise of water generated by a storm, over and above  the predicted astronomical tides .   Storm surge should not be confused with  storm tide, which is defined as the water level rise due to the combination of  storm surge and the astronomical tide.   This rise in water level can cause  extreme flooding in coastal areas particularly when storm surge coincides  with normal high tide, resulting in storm tides reaching up to 20 feet  or more in some cases.
Storm Surge vs. Storm Tide
Factors Impacting Surge
Storm surge is produced by water being pushed toward the shore by the  force of the winds moving cyclonically around the storm.  The impact on surge of the  low pressure associated with intense storms is minimal in comparison to the  water being forced toward the shore by the wind.
Wind and Pressure Components of Hurricane Storm Surge
The maximum potential storm surge for a particular location depends on a  number of different factors.  Storm surge is a very complex phenomenon because  it is sensitive to the slightest changes in storm intensity, forward  speed, size (radius of maximum winds-RMW), angle of approach to the coast, central  pressure (minimal contribution in comparison to the wind), and the shape and  characteristics of coastal features such as bays and estuaries.
Click on Image to Play Video
Other factors which can impact storm surge are the width and slope of  the continental shelf.  A shallow slope will potentially produce a greater  storm surge than a steep shelf.  For example, a Category 4 storm hitting the  Louisiana coastline, which has a very wide and shallow continental shelf,  may produce a 20-foot storm surge, while the same hurricane in a place like  Miami Beach, Florida, where the continental shelf drops off very quickly,  might see an 8 or 9-foot surge.  More information regarding storm surge  impacts and their associated generalizations can be found in the FAQ section.
Surge animation with shallow continental shelf (Click on Image to Play Video)
Surge animation with steep continental shelf (Click on Image to Play Video)
Adding to the destructive power of surge, battering waves may increase damage  to buildings directly along the coast.  Water weighs approximately 1,700  pounds per cubic yard; extended pounding by frequent waves can demolish  any structure not specifically designed to withstand such forces.  The two elements work together to increase the impact on land because the surge makes it possible for waves to extend inland.
Although elevated, this house in North Carolina could not withstand the 15 ft (4.5 m) of storm surge that came with Hurricane Floyd (1999)
Additionally, currents created by tides combine with the waves to severely  erode beaches and coastal highways. Buildings that survive hurricane winds  can be damaged if their foundations are undermined and weakened by erosion.
Beachfront road and boardwalk damaged by Hurricane Jeanne (2004)
In confined harbors, the combination of storm tides, waves, and currents  can also severely damage marinas and boats.  In estuaries and bayous, salt  water intrusion endangers the public health, kills vegetation, and can send animals, such as  snakes and alligators, fleeing from flooded areas.
Damaged boats in a marina
Notable Surge Events
Ike 2008 ( SLOSH Historical Run )
Hurricane Ike made landfall near the north end of Galveston Island as a  Category 2 hurricane.  Storm surges of 15-20 feet above normal tide levels  occurred along the Bolivar Peninsula of Texas and in much of the Galveston  Bay area.  Property damage from Ike is estimated at $24.9  billion. More...
Katrina 2005 ( SLOSH Historical Run )
Katrina was one of the most devastating hurricanes in the history  of the United States. It produced catastrophic damage - estimated at $75  billion in the New Orleans area and along the Mississippi coast - and is  the costliest U. S. hurricane on record.  Storm surge flooding of 25 to  28 feet above normal tide levels was associated with Katrina. More...
Dennis 2005 ( SLOSH Historical Run )
Dennis affected much of Florida, and its effects extended well inland over  portions of the southeastern United States with the maximum amount rainfall of 12.80  inches occuring near Camden, Alabama.  Storm surge flooding of 7-9 ft produced considerable storm surge-related damage  near St. Marks, Florida, well to the east of the landfall location.   The damage associated with Dennis in the United States is estimated at  $2.23 billion. More...
Isabel 2003 ( SLOSH Historical Run )
Isabel was the worst hurricane to affect the Chesapeake Bay region since  1933. Storm surge values of more than 8 feet flooded rivers that flowed  into the bay across Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, and Washington, D.C.   Isabel was the most intense hurricane of the 2003 season and directly resulted in 17  deaths and more than $3 billion in damages. More...
Opal 1995 ( SLOSH Historical Run )
Hurricane Opal made landfall near Pensacola Beach, Florida as a Category  3 hurricane. The storm caused extensive storm surge damage from Pensacola  Beach to Mexico Beach (a span of 120 miles) with a maximum storm tide of  24 feet, recorded near Fort Walton Beach. Damage estimates for Opal were  near $3 billion. More...
