Selected as a resource site for StudySphere.com
Visit the Chrissy D. Lobster Company.
Tides
Tides refer to the vertical motion of water caused by the gravitational   effects of the sun and moon. Currents refer to the horizontal movement   of water. Tidal currents, then, refer to the horizontal movement of   water caused by the vertical movement of tides.
Tides and the resulting tidal currents are to a sailor as winds are to an   airplane pilot. Without a thorough understanding of them, navigation becomes   inefficient, or even dangerous, and the simplest landing can end in tragedy.
Every boat must eventually come to shore, where the tides and their currrents   most influence navigation. Entering in-shore waters without knowledge of the   local effects of tidal currents can be a recipe for disaster. For example,   a cruise ship was recently driven into a bridge over Portsmouth Harbor (NH)   by tidal currents because the captain did not appreciate how swift the ebb   tidal currents can get in that harbor.
Why tides occur and their periodicity is the result of a complex set of interactions   of gravitational and centrifugal forces exerted by several bodies at once.   Moreover, tides at any given place are also effected by factors such as land   masses, coastal features, weather, oceanic currents, sea bottom topography,   and many more that exceed the scope of this page. Clearly this is a complicated   topic. Much of what follows is a simplification of the actual phenomena, but   I hope it is sufficient to illustrate the origin and behavior of tidal motion.
Note: All illustrations on this topic are not intended to be accurate   in scale or movement. They are only meant to help visualize the forces at work.   For example, in the image below there is a solar and lunar eclipse during every   revolution. This, of course, does not happen in nature. Relative sizes and   distances are also greatly exaggerated for clarity.
The moon does not orbit the earth. The two actually orbit     each other around a point about 1,100 miles inside the earth.
Forces that generate tides - Some background   on the dynamics of the earth-moon-sun system and how basic tides are formed.
The motion - The earth, moon, and sun all act   together. Here are some animations to illustrate this.
Types of Tides - Taken together, all these   different forces create different types of tides.
Tidal currents - Where land meets sea,   tidal currents are a major consideration in safe navigation.
Tide Tables - What they look like and how   to read them.
