Branches of Oceanography
Physical Oceanography - study of the motions of seawater, particularly waves currents and tidal motion.
Chemical Oceanography - chemistry of seawater and reactions between the atmosphere and hydrosphere.  More recently looks at how changes in seawater temperature (El Nino) and salinity affect global climate.
Biological Oceanography - study of life in the oceans, includes marine biology and ecology.
Geological Oceanography - study of the shape and geologic features of the ocean floor.
Geology of the Ocean Floor
The ocean basins are characterized by a series or recognizable geologic/topographic features (Figure).  While the size of each feature varies within the various ocean basins they are always present:
Continental shelf - the gently (<1°) sloping platform at the edge of the continent.  The shelf is generally thought to be an extension of the continent and not really a part of the ocean basin.  The average water depth on the shelf is about 75 meters, varying from zero at the shoreline to about 150 meters near its edge.  A typical continental shelf is 60 kilometers wide, but it exceeds 100 kilometers off the Florida coast and is less than a few kilometers wide in places along the West Coast of South America.  The rock underlying the thin veneer of sediments is granite similar to the basement rock elsewhere beneath the continents.
Continental slope - the continental slope marks the transition between the shelf and deep ocean floor.  It has an average slope of 3-6°.  This way not sound like much, but over a distance of 100 kilometers water depth increases from 75 meters to 4000 meters. Typically, continental slopes are crisscrossed by a series of deep submarine canyons the origin of which is controversial.  Some represent drowned stream valleys, but others were clearly never above sea level and can not have been cut downward by stream erosion.
Continental rise - represents the accumulation of sediment at the base of the continental slope.  Result is a gentler slope and the buildup of "turbidite" deposits.  Uplifted turbidite deposits are common along the coastline of southern California, particularly at Blacks and Torrey Pines beaches north of San Diego.  Southern California turbidites are thought to form during major earthquakes which cause sediments to slide off the edge of the shelf and accumulate on the ocean floor as "fining upward" sequences of sedimentary rocks.
Abyssal plain - the ocean floor (covers about 30% of the earth's surface).  The average water depth is around 5000 meters.  Consists of a layer of unconsolidated sediment underlain by sedimentary rock and pillow basalt (Figure).
Sea Floor Sediments
Sediments found on the floor of the ocean (abyssal plain) fall into three distinct categories.  The percentages of each vary from place to place within the ocean basin and appear to be a function of deep ocean currents, prevailing wind patterns and local volcanism.
Lithogenous sediment - derived from the weathering of continental rocks and volcanic eruptions.
Biogenous sediment - comprised of the remains of organisms.  When the sediment contains 30% or more organic material it is termed ooze.  Oozes are further subdivided into calcareous oozes, which are only found in water depths less than 3000 meters, and siliceous ooze that occur throughout the deeper portions of the ocean basin.
Hydrogenous sediment - precipitated directly from seawater.  Most common type of hydrogenous sediment is a manganese nodule.  How and why they form remains something of a mystery, but probably requires a contribution from hydrothermal waters generated by heat from subsea volcanoes.
Composition of Seawater
