Figure 16
The Pacific Ocean is monitored for tsunamis that may impact Hawaii, Alaska, California, Oregon, and Washington extensively by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. NOAA's DART program (Deep-ocean Assessment and Reporting Tsunamis) includes an array of seismic networks, tsunami detection buoys, and tidal gauges ( Figure 16 ). The DART program is part of the U.S. National Tsunami Hazard Mitigation Program. The NOAA National Weather Service also runs the West Coast/Alaska Tsunami Warning Center, in addition to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, and is part of the International Tsunami Information Center based in Hawaii.
However, there is no such monitoring program in the Atlantic. Although no tsunami-specific monitoring program exists, the United States National Seismograph Network , operated by the U.S. Geological Survey, is part of a Global Seismic Network that monitors seismic (earthquake) activity around the world. These networks are able to detect seismic events that are capable of resulting in a tsunami. Soon after an earthquake occurs, seismic activity is recorded by the seismographs, and beamed to a satellite and to the USNSN home base in Colorado, where it is analyzed and warnings (if needed) are issued.
So should we be worried in Maine?
Figure 17
As reported recently in numerous papers around New England ( Boston Globe ), although the possibility of tsunami impacts in Maine does exist from earthquakes and submarine landslides that occur in the Atlantic Ocean, the chances of a catastrophic event are minimal. Unlike the Pacific Ocean, which is full of convergent tectonic plate margins and volcanic islands, the closest tectonic boundary to the east coast of the U.S. is the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. This ridge is a spreading center, where oceanic crust is being generated and tectonic plates (including the North American Plate) are spreading apart at a rate that a fingernail grows (25 mm/year; Smith and others, 2004). Most of the spreading motion in the Mid-Atlantic Ridge does not involve large vertical movements (they are more horizontal) that generate water displacements that lead to tsunamis. Although there are numerous faults and earthquakes are quite common along the Mid-Atlantic Ridge  ( Figure 17 ; Smith and others, 2002, 2004; PEML, 2003), severe tsunamis are less likely to form there than along convergent margins.  In the Caribbean Sea between the Americas there is a convergent plate boundary and a region with a higher probability of generating earthquakes that could produce tsunamis (Ten Brink and others, 2004). Tsunamis could travel to the Gulf of Maine from the Caribbean, or from the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, or from the Canary Islands.
Figure 18
Let us assume, however, that a 3-meter tsunami, as modeled by Mader (2001) arrives at the Gulf of Maine, triggered by the eruption and collapse of the western flank of Cumbre Vieja in the Canary Islands. The Gulf of Maine is a relatively shallow water body, with an average depth of about 150 meters (492 feet) and a maximum depth of 377 meters (1,237 feet) at the Northeast Channel ( Figure 18 ). Georges Bank, which rises to shallow depths of only 4 meters (13 feet), would most likely cause the tsunami to (a) partially be reflected back out to sea and (b) break in the form of extremely large surf. As a rule of thumb, a shallow water wave breaks when it reaches a depth that is equivalent to about 1.5 times its height. For both reasons, some of the tsunami wave energy would be dissipated far from the Maine coast. However, the tsunami could reform on the landward side of the bank and continue to spread throughout the inner Gulf of Maine. This secondary wave would be smaller in size. With the presence of the relatively shallow Georges Bank offshore, Maine remains protected from the full force of an Atlantic Ocean tsunami.
Tsunami wave energy probably could enter the Gulf of Maine (perhaps without breaking) directly through the Northeast Channel. It could then be expected to spread radially through diffraction into the inner Gulf of Maine. The crest of this wave would likely be oriented differently from the one that passed across Georges Bank. Additional wave fronts might pass through the shallower Great South Channel (east of Cape Cod) and radiate through the Gulf of Maine from yet a third direction. The combined results of (a) wave breaking and reforming over Georges Bank Basin and (b) diffraction through the two channels, will likely result in a series of smaller tsunami waves that approach the Maine coast from different directions and with different arrival times. As in other locations, the first sign of the approaching large-period wave may be for the water level to fall to unusually low levels before rushing in across the shoreline.
Tidal range would play a role in the severity of impacts of a tsunami wave. The tide ranges anywhere from about 9 feet in Kittery to near 20 feet in Eastport. If the tide is low, impacts would be less than if the tide is high. If the tide is high, near the maximum "spring tide" (levels enhanced by a new or full moon), the impacts could be worse simply due to elevated water levels over which the tsunami would pass as it arrives ashore.
Because of the natural complexity of Maine's coast, effects would be different from place to place. Along the outer rocky coast the effect would be similar to that of northeast storm waves at high tide that erode the soil horizon along the shore and damage piers and wharves. Other effects would be beach erosion, dune and seawall overwash, with coastal   flooding and structural damage to low-lying properties. Along some inner bays and estuaries that narrow in width inland, flooding would be amplified as the wave is confined to a more narrow space. In 1976 a storm surge traveled up the Penobscot River and rapidly flooded downtown Bangor with 10 feet of water (Morrill and others, 1979). The February 1976 flooding is the closest analog of a tsunami the Maine coast has experienced in the last century. A true tsunami would have more widespread impacts than a severe coastal storm, although the probability of a tsunami in any year is much lower.
It is possible that a tsunami wave could exacerbate the naturally high tides within the Bay of Fundy. The Bay experiences a natural tidal funneling effect (and sloshing effect, known as a seiche ) which causes tidal range of over 10-15 meters. The seiche has a period of 13 hours (780 minutes), which corresponds almost exactly with the lunar tidal cycle of the Atlantic (745 minutes), creating resonance conditions that the tidal flow amplifies, causing the highest tides in the world. The worst-case scenario would be if the tsunami's period was a subharmonic of the seiche and natural lunar tide. This would probably result in seiching within the entire Gulf of Maine, causing an amplification of Gulf of Maine tides and much larger tidal bores in the Bay of Fundy.
But realistically, Klaus Jacob of the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory in New York estimated that a tsunami "has a lower than 1 in 1000 chance of occurring in eastern North America in any given year" (Boston Globe, 2004). As one scientist from the University of Texas said about the likelihood of a tsunami hitting New England, "I'd worry a lot more about hurricanes than tsunamis" (Boston Globe, 2004).
Related Web Sites on Tsunamis, Earthquakes, and Volcanoes
