31
32
Now, use the combined sea-height table above, using the same wind and swell wave heights, and you should come up with the same answer. If your answer is something other than 17 feet, you have misread the table.
Combined sea-height charts (analyses and prognoses) are most often produced at the oceanography centers and transmitted by radio signals. The importance of such products to mariners is that it lets them know the highest seas or highest forecast seas in a particular operating area or along a particular route.
 
Rogue or freak waves
Rogue or freak waves get their name from their height, which is abnormally high compared to the sea heights observed before the occurrence of this type of wave. The USS Shreveport met such a wave while operating in the Virginia Capes operational area (OPAREA). The wave washed over the Shreveport’s bow and crashed into the superstructure at bridge level. It knocked out every window in the bridge, and men and equipment were battered. Before meeting this freak wave, the seas were normal, based on the wind conditions at the time. Such abnormal waves are highly infrequent and totally unpredictable. Oceanographers are not sure what causes these waves, but based on studies of encounters such as that of the USS Shreveport, oceanographers have found that these waves occur most frequently in areas of strong SST gradients. Such gradients exist where cold and warm sea currents meet. One such area is the North Wall of the Gulf Stream. Another area exists along the coast of South Africa, where the cold Benguela Current meets the warm Agulhas Stream.
Tides
Tides are caused primarily by the gravitational attraction between the Earth, Sun, and Moon. There are four tides within every 24-hour 50-minute period with two low and two high tides. Because of differing conditions, some areas may have only two discernible tides (1 high and 1 low). See topical statement 419 for more information on tides.
Catastrophic waves
Catastrophic waves can cause widespread destruction. We are only concerned with three types: seismic waves, storm surges and landslide surges.
Seismic waves
Seismic sea waves are commonly called tsunamis. A tsunami is a wave generated by a submarine (underwater) earthquake or volcanic event. These waves are commonly called tidal waves, but they have no relationship to tides whatsoever. The proper term is tsunami. These waves are usually caused by fault movement, a displacement in the Earth’s crust along a fracture, that causes a sudden change in water level at the surface of the ocean. The upward or downward movement of the ocean bottom rapidly raises or lowers the water level. The resulting wave energy spreads out in all directions much like ripples from a rock thrown into a pond, in this case the ocean. The length will exceed 200km and the wave can travel at speeds up to 700km/hr.
The tsunamis are commonly caused by earthquake activity along unstable continental margins and oceanic trenches. For these reasons they are the most common in the Pacific Ocean. In deep water the wave height is approximately one-half meter, so they are not easily seen by ships and may go unnoticed. In shallow water, they slow down quickly as their energy is converted to height (as surf). The crests may build to heights of more than 30 meters (100 feet). Large loss of life and extensive property damage have resulted from tsunamis. Japan, Hawaii, and Alaska are especially susceptible to these catastrophic waves. In the past 150 years, the Hawaiian Islands have, on the average, experienced a seismic sea wave every four years.
The International Tsunami Warning System (ITWS) was developed in 1946 after Hawaii was hit by a destructive wave. The warning is broadcasted to ships and coastal areas by Automatic Digital Network (AUTODIN) message traffic. On receipt of this warning:
Ships should get underway (sortie) for deep water.
Personnel along coastal regions in the warning area should move to higher ground.
Amphibious operations should cease.
Storm surges
Tropical storms generating strong winds and low central pressures raise the sea level just before coming ashore. These surges can raise sea level to abnormal levels in less than a minute in one huge sweeping wall. One such storm surge came ashore in Galveston, Texas in 1900 killing over 6,000 people as the sea rose to almost 30 feet.
Landslide surges
Movement of large quantities of rock or ice, into the ocean, due to glacial movements or earthquakes can generate immense waves. An exceptionally large wave occurred in Lituya Bay, Alaska, in 1958. It was established that 30,000,000 meters cubed of rock fell from a height of about 1,000 meters into the bay, causing a wave that rose over 500 meters into a mountainside on the other side of the bay. Over 15,000 people where drowned by a similar wave on the Japanese island of Kyushu in 1972.
417. Surf
Waves originating in distant storms often travel as long low swells that are scarcely noticeable until they near a shore and become surf. Surf is defined as swell that breaks on the shore. As the swell is deflected and scattered by outlying islands and bent around points into bays, the wave crests become oriented parallel to the shoreline. Hence, there is often considerable variation in surf characteristics.
Surf is described as the breaking of waves in either single or multiple lines along a beach, submerged bank or a reef. As waves move into water depths that are £ ½ wavelength, they begin to "feel bottom". For example, a wave train with wavelengths of 90 feet is affected by the bottom when the depth of the water becomes 45 feet or less. The motion of the water near the bottom is retarded by friction, which causes the wave to slow down. As the water becomes more shallow, the wave is affected in the following ways: wave speed decreases, period remains the same, wavelength becomes shorter, and wave crest increases in height. Since the energy between crests remains constant, the wave height must increase if the energy is to be carried in a short wavelength. A wave becomes unstable and "breaks" when the forward velocity of water particles at the top of the crest is greater than the wave velocity. Basically, when the wave crest becomes too high and is moving too fast, the wave becomes unstable and breaks into the preceding trough.
Factors influencing local surf conditions are as follows: the height, period, length, and direction of the incoming wave train, the winds near shore, bottom and beach topography, the angle of the breakers with the shoreline, the distance of the outermost breakers from the shoreline, and the average water depth at the point of breaking. Some of these factors are also important in establishing and maintaining the nearshore circulation system.
Surf zone
The surf zone (fig. 2–24) is defined as the horizontal distance in yards or feet between the outer most breaker and the limit of wave uprush on the beach. It is the environmental conditions within the surf zone, caused by tides, winds, nearshore bottom topography and beach slope, and the cumulative effect of sea and swell waves (and their secondary effects of littoral and rip currents) that can make or break a D-Day and/or H-hour. In order for you to make a surf zone forecast, you must understand the relationship of all the environmental factors, how they interact, and how they will affect the landing area.
Figure 2–24. Surf zone.
Tides
As mentioned earlier, tides are caused by gravitational attraction between the Earth, Sun and Moon. The changes or difference in feet between high tide and low tide is referred to as tidal range. Tidal range can play a major factor as to the timing of a landing. A large tidal range (some places as much as 50 feet) on a shallow sloped beach will expose a great deal more of the nearshore bottom during low tide than a beach with a steeper slope (i.e., a tidal range of 20 feet on a beach with a slope of 1:50 will expose 500 feet more of beach at low tide). Tidal information can be retrieved from various sources, including Geophysics Fleet Mission Program Library (GFMPL) software on Tactical Environmental Support System (TESS) and Mobile Oceanography Support Facility (MOSS). It will be necessary to know the latitude and longitude of the area of operations (AOA); and from there one can narrow the information down. GFMPL information will be valid for the day(s) chosen.
Winds
Wind will affect the waves and breakers within the surf zone, depending on the direction and velocity. Wind waves, or waves created by local wind conditions, are irregular and choppy in appearance, are nearly unstable in deep water, and they "break" shortly after they enter the surf zone. If the wind is blowing offshore, the surf can break further seaward than normal, and, if velocity is high enough, can cause a partial change in breaker type from spilling to plunging. If the wind is onshore, the surf can break closer to the beach than normal, and, if velocity is high enough, cause a partial change in breaker type from plunging to spilling (fig. 2–25).
Figure 2–25. Winds and breakers.
418. Types of breakers
As a wave moves from deep to shallow water the lower portion of the wave feels the bottom first. Its forward motion is slowed while the upper portion of the wave continues at the same speed. The type of breaker that occurs is the result of the beach slope the wave moves over as it approaches the beach. When a wave enters water that is shallower than half its wavelength, the motion of the water near the bottom is retarded by friction. This causes the bottom of the wave to slow and the waves are said to "feel bottom." The process of the waves increasing height continues until the crest of the wave becomes too high for its motion. At this point the wave becomes unstable and falls into the preceding wave trough; when this happens the wave is said to be breaking. The steepness of the wave in the deep water and the slope of the beach determines what type of breaker will occur.
Nearshore bottom topography and beach slope
A major factor in preparing a surf forecast for an amphibious operation is the nearshore bottom topography and beach slope. The underwater features in the littoral zone of the AOA will affect the size of the surf zone and breakers, development of littoral and rip currents, and timing of operations depending on tidal range. Not all land masses have straight in approaches to their shoreline. There are underwater (submarine) canyons and ridges, and some continents and most islands have coral reefs.
Beach slope
Beach slope is another major factor in determining the type of breakers in the surf zone. Beach slopes can vary from shallow or flat (1:120 or better) to steep or vertical (1:15). The steeper the slope, the more difficult the landing can become. Some general slope conditions are:
steep to vertical...........1:15
gentle .........................1:30 to 1:60 (ideal)
mild ............................1:60 to 1:120
flat ..............................1:120 or better
Refraction
Refraction of the wave train as it approaches and enters the surf zone will affect the size and speed of the breakers within the zone. Refraction is the bending of a wave that occurs when one portion of the wave moves slower than another portion. The changes in speed can occur along straight coastlines as well as irregular shaped coastlines, and due to irregularities in the nearshore bottom topography (submarine canyons/ridges). One portion of the wave will "feel bottom" first, slowing it down due to friction. The portion of the wave in deep water is moving faster and is refracted toward the beach, causing a stretching of the wave crest and a reduction in the wave height. Waves approaching a submerged ridge or sandbar that is oriented perpendicular to the beach will have the faster moving portion refracted toward the center of the beach. Conversely, waves approaching a submerged canyon will have the slower portion refracted away from the center of the beach.
With these factors in hand and knowing the sea and swell height, speed and direction, a surf forecast can be attempted. Calculation results will provide breaker type, among the many other pieces of information. There are three breaker types: spilling, plunging, and surging. The ability to distinguish between these breaker types within the surf line can be critical to the success of an amphibious operation, especially where small landing craft are concerned.
Spilling breakers
Spilling breakers are waves that break very gradually as they move through the surf zone. The appearance is characterized by white water and foam that forms at the crest of the wave as it first feels the bottom. As the wave continues toward the beach, the white water and foam will spread down the landward face of the wave. Spilling waves occur when waves approach a surf zone with a gradual beach slope, and the wind is blowing toward the beach. Wave trains generally retain an inverted "V" shape all the way to the beach
Spilling breakers (fig. 2–26) can be identified because they break gradually over a distance. When they do break, white water forms at the crest and expands down the face of the breaker. Spilling breakers normally form when the period is long and the beach slope is gradual.
Figure 2–26. Spilling breaker.
Plunging breakers
Plunging breakers are violently breaking waves that gain height rapidly as it first feels the bottom. The crest begins to curl and lean toward land until it finally collapses. Plunging breakers occur when the beach slope is moderate to steep, and the wind is blowing toward the ocean. The wave crest advances faster than the wave base causing the crest to curl and break with a crash. The resulting white water appears almost instantly over the complete front face. Water rapidly rises at the crest, while its wave crest curls and falls into the preceding trough. Wave trains break, often forming plunging curlers or tubes in the surf zone.
Plunging breakers are easily identified (fig. 2–27). The wave crest curls over and breaks violently with a crash. White water appears instantly over the complete front face of the breaker. Plunging breakers normally form when the period is long and the beach slope is steep. A good example is the waves from the television program "Hawaii Five-O".
Figure 2–27. Plunging breakers.
Surging breakers
Surging breakers do not display a pronounced pattern of breaking. On entering the surf zone the wave increases in height very slowly, the crest peaks but does NOT break as with other types, instead it continues to move up on to the beach. The deep water wave is stable and the beach slope is very steep. Surface winds are of little or no importance in the formation of this type of breaker. The crest maintains the same speed as the base and surges up on the beach. The white water forms from the surge on the beach. Water surges up and down along surf zones without spilling or plunging.
Surging breakers are not readily identified as the previous two types, for they do not display a pronounced pattern of breaking (fig. 2–28). The crest of a surging breaker peaks, then surges onto the beach. Surface winds are of little or no importance to the formation of surging breakers, and they normally occur when the beach slope is very steep.
Figure 2–28. Surging breaker.
Secondary problems
There are secondary problems involved with certain types of breakers.
Broaching
Broaching is when a landing craft gets turned parallel to the wave train, which is usually away from its intended direction of movement. Broaching frequently occurs when a beached craft (whether on the beach itself or "hung" on an offshore sandbar) is hit by a powerful crest. The craft is moved (becoming a danger to other craft and personnel) and becomes parallel to the wave train which then makes it susceptible to swamping.
Swamping
Swamping occurs when a craft is overtaken by a plunging breaker, and the wave "breaks" into and/or over the craft, causing it to fill with water, sink, turn over, shift out of position, or incur some other hazardous ordeal.
Surf boarding
Surf boarding is when a craft is overtaken by a spilling breaker that carries the craft along, causing it to get out of control, broach, collide with another craft or hit some personnel.
Specialized types of currents
Two interrelated current systems may appear near the shore. They are the coastal current system and the nearshore current system. The coastal system is a relatively uniform drift that flows roughly parallel to shore. It may be composed of tidal currents, wind-driven currents, or local, density-driven currents. The nearshore system is more complex and is composed of shoreward moving water in the form of waves at the surface, a return flow or drift along the bottom in the surf zone, nearshore currents that parallel the beach (longshore or littoral), and rip currents.
Littoral currents
The first current is called a littoral or longshore current. These currents occur in the surf zone and are caused by waves approaching the beach at an angle. If you ever swim in the surf where ocean waves are approaching the beach at an angle, you will most likely become aware of the longshore current. Most people like to swim in the immediate proximity of the beach where they enter the water. However, what many swimmers find out after being in the water awhile is that they are transported quite a distance from where they entered the water. The transporting mechanism is the longshore current.
At times the current is almost imperceptible, but at other times, it can be quite strong. Generally, longshore currents increase with:
Increasing breaker height.
Increasing angle between breaker crests and bottom contours.
Decreasing wave period.
Also, under otherwise identical conditions, a steep beach will have a stronger longshore current than a more gently sloping beach. Another factor to consider is the development of a longshore sandbar. These bars channel the current in the trough between the bar and the beach, and quite a strong current can result.
Littoral or longshore currents are created when water from the breaking waves is carried toward the beach. If the wave train approaches the beach at an angle, the incoming water forms a current that flows parallel to the beach in the direction that the wave train is moving (fig. 2–29).
Littoral current velocity increases with increasing breaker height, increasing angle of the breaker with the beach, and with a steeper beach slope. Any one of those three conditions will increase the velocity. If sea/swell heights are forecasted to increase, expect your littoral current to increase as well.
Littoral currents are of vital importance during amphibious operations for many reasons. As littoral currents flow parallel to the coastline, sediment is transported along the beach. The amount depends on the speed of the current and the size of the particles. As a result of littoral currents, coastal features undergo seasonal changes as these currents dig deep channels and cause the beaches to erode. One of the most important things to remember about littoral currents is that they can have a devastating effect on troops as they attempt to land on a beach. While wading towards the beach, a littoral current would not only pull the troops down under the water, but also force them to be moved further down the coastline than where the objective originally was. This holds true for landing craft as well. A strong littoral current (greater than 0.5 knots) can move landing craft out of position and cause them to miss the intended beach.
Rip currents
Rip currents are quite often erroneously called "rip tides." A rip current is not associated with the tides, but is caused by the return flow of water from the beach. The current resembles a small jet or neck in the breaker zone, which fans out behind the breakers and becomes quite diffuse. The current extends from the surface to the
bottom and is quite strong. The strength or intensity of rips is not predictable, but is determined using the same factors that control longshore currents. The speed of feeder currents flowing into the jet increases as they near the jet.
Rip currents consist of three parts. The first part is the feeder current which flows parallel to the shore, inside the surf zone and is formed by opposing littoral currents (opposing currents may be formed in a variety of situations). The neck is the place where feed currents converge and flow through the breakers seaward in a narrow band or "rip", and appear as a stretch of unbroken water in the breaker line. The head is the place where the current widens and diminishes outside the surf zone; outlines of this current are usually marked by patches of foam while the head itself is usually discolored by sediment and/or sand in suspension (fig. 2–30).
Rip currents may or may not occur along a stretch of beach. When they occur, they may be irregularly spaced, or regularly spaced at long or short intervals. They commonly form at the down-current end of a beach where a headland (a point where the land juts out into the water) deflects the longshore current seaward.
Once rip currents form, they cut grooves in the sand and remain in a fairly constant position until the wave conditions change. Common locations for development of rip currents are at the head of indentations in the straight coastlines and opposite small headlines along irregular coastlines.
Current velocities of up to 2 knots, combined with the trough they cut make rip currents hazardous for swimmers and landing craft. They are not as severe and dangerous as littoral or longshore currents, yet could slow the advance of landing craft heading into a rip.
Storm surge
Depending on time of year, location, and other factors, a storm surge may be a factor during operations. A storm surge is the result of large cyclonic storms that exist over the ocean. A mass of wind-driven water that is associated with the storm winds produces a short-term abnormal increase in sea level. This phenomenon is extremely hazardous for amphibious actions that involve over the beach operations.
The storm surge begins with a "hill" of water that develops over the ocean directly under the storm. This hill of water is formed by the wind stress on the water’s surface that pulls mass directly into the storm’s center, then moves with the storm across the ocean. Coriolis force is not important in the formation of storm surge. The water involved moves only a short distance, and the storm is at one place only a short time. Storm surges produce downward vertical motions in the surface water mass. When the storm approaches land, the increase in the sea level depends on the type of land mass effected. Around islands, where there are no natural boundaries to water movement, sea level increases are usually less than a meter. Along low lying coasts, where movement of water is restricted by land, increases in local sea level may be 4 meters (13 feet) or more. The largest storm surges result from strong winds blowing across shallow waters.
Storm surges can occur with both Tropical and extratropical cyclones, often with deadly force. As a cyclone hits a coast, the highest storm surge will be associated with the right-front quadrant of the storm, with respect to movement. This is true in the Northern Hemisphere. The opposite is true in the Southern Hemisphere. Storm surges are commonly forecast by NOAA for both tropical and extratropical cyclones effecting the United States.
419. Tides and tidal computations
Tides are gravitational waves that have lengths in hundreds of miles and heights ranging up to 50 feet (i.e., Yellow Sea). The tides are a consequence of the simultaneous action of the Moon’s, the Sun’s, and the Earth’s gravitational forces, and the revolution about one another. Although the gravitational attraction between the Earth and the Sun is over 177 times greater than that of the Earth and Moon, the Moon dominates the tides due to distance and the frequency of the Earth/Moon rotation. This is because of the distance factor. Since the Sun is 390 times farther from the Earth than the Moon, its tide generating force is reduced by 390 cubed, or about 59 million times compared to that of the Moon. In principle, the other planets also exert tidal forces but their values are so small that they become nearly negligible.
The tides are of primary importance to ship captains when preparing to get underway or enter port. Although Navy Quartermasters do the majority of tidal computations in the Navy, you may be tasked with computing and publishing tidal data for the operational area during a joint exercise or maneuver.
Factors affecting tides
Gravitational attraction exists between the Earth and the Moon and the Earth and the Sun. It is an invisible force that acts to pull two bodies together. The strength, or magnitude, of the attraction depends on the mass of the two bodies and the distance between them.
Sir Isaac Newton deduced that gravitational attraction is (1) directly proportional to the product of the masses of two bodies and (2) inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them. In other words, the force of gravity increases if the product of the mass of the two bodies decreases. Even though the Earth-Sun mass is much greater than the Earth-Moon mass, the gravitational attraction between the Earth and the Moon is approximately 2 ½ times greater than the Earth-Sun attraction. The reason for this is that the Moon is nearer the Earth.
The influence of the Moon and Sun on tides
To a large extent, the height of the various tides depends on the Moon’s position in relation to the Earth. Refer to figure 2–31. On the side of the Earth facing the Moon (A), gravity is greatest, because the side of the earth facing the Moon is closer to the Moon. The Moon’s gravitational pull acts to pile water up on this side of the Earth, producing the highest of the daily tides.
The Moon’s gravitational attraction is weaker on the side of Earth facing away from the Moon (B), because that side is farther away from the Moon. High tides occur on this side of Earth as well, but they are not as high as those on the side facing the Moon.
On those parts of Earth that are not in line with the Moon (C and D), the water level of tides is lower than that occurring at A and B. The reason for the low tides over these regions is related to tractive forces. Tractive forces act tangentially to Earth’s surface and cause the horizontal movement of water associated with tides–the tidal currents.
The Moon revolves around Earth once every 24 hours and 50 minutes, producing a daily tidal effect. In oceanography, this period is referred to as a tidal day. When the Moon is new or full, the Sun and the Moon are aligned with Earth (fig. 2–32, view A). At these times, the gravitational pull on Earth is greater because of the combined gravitational attraction of the Sun and the Moon.
When the Moon is in its new and full phases, the high tides are higher than normal and the low tides are lower than normal. These tides are called the spring tides.
When the Moon is in its first- and third-quarter phases, the Sun and the Moon are at right angles to each other (fig. 2–32, view B). This alignment produces lower-than-normal high tides and higher-than-normal low tides. In other words, the range of the rise and fall of the water level is less than normal. These tides called the neap tides.
Other factors affecting tides
From the above information, it would appear that the rise and fall of the tides are pretty straightforward based on the position of the Moon and the Sun in relation to Earth. But this is not the case. The daily tides are not uniform.
Some places have two high and two low tides a day, while others may have one high and one low. Some places have tidal ranges well above 25 feet, while others have minimal ranges.
There are many variables in the processes that control the time and height of a tide at a particular maritime location. Besides the relationship of the Moon, the Sun and Earth, Earth’s coastline configurations, ocean bottom configurations, and the interaction of water (wave mechanics) all affect tides.
Mathematical models have been developed that allow desktop computers to forecast tides based on the motions of the Moon, the Sun, and Earth. These programs are available for use. The "Tide Tables" produced by the National Ocean Service computers may still be used.
Tide tables
Tide Tables
is a four-volume set of books. Each volume contains tidal information on a specific geographical area of the world. Tide Tables is broken up geographically as follows:
Volume 1–Europe and West Coast of Africa, including the Mediterranean Sea
Volume 2–East Coast of North and South America, including Greenland
Volume 3–West Coast of North and South America, including the Hawaiian Islands
Volume 4–Central and Western Pacific Ocean and Indian Ocean
Within each volume there are seven tables:
Daily tide predictions.
Tidal differences and other constants.
Height of tide at anytime.
Local mean time of sunrise and sunset.
Reduction of local mean time to standard time.
Moonrise and moonset.
Conversion of feet to meters.
Tide computations are primarily carried out using the first three tables.
Daily tide predictions
Listing the tides for every coastal location would result in volumes of tide tables so vast as to be economically infeasible. Therefore, daily tide predictions are provided for reference stations only. Reference station tides are then used to calculate tides for other nearby stations known, as subordinate stations.
A copy of a page from Daily Tide Predictions is shown in figure 2–33. The reference station is listed at the top of the page, along with the year to which the information applies. Three months of tidal information is contained on each page. Under each month, the day, time, and height of high and low water are listed. The heights are listed in meters as well as in feet.
Another feature of Table 1 of Tide Tables is the "Typical Tide Curves." The tide curves show the day-to-day variations in the tide for various reference stations along a coast. Figure 2–34 is an example of typical tide curves. The days of the month are listed across the top of the page. The range of tide heights for each station listed is on the left. The names of the reference stations are centered above each set of curves. The phase of the Moon is pictured directly under the date on which the phase begins.
Figure 2–33. Sample of tidal prediction.
Figure 2–34. Typical tidal curves.
 
Tidal difference and other constants
Table 2 of Tide Tables, Tidal Differences and Other Constants, provides the information required to calculate the tides for subordinate stations. Subordinate stations are arranged in geographical order and are numbered chronologically
(fig. 2–35). Note that the table also provides the latitude and longitude of the subordinate stations, the time and the height differences of high and low water, the mean and spring tidal ranges, and the mean tide levels.
Figure 2–35. Sample of tidal differences and constants.
 
Differences
This section of the table contains the time and the height differences of high and low water between the subordinate station and the reference station. Where differences are omitted, they are unreliable or not known.
To obtain the times and heights of tides at a subordinate station on any date, apply the differences to the times and heights of the tides at the reference station for the same date.
Time difference
The time difference is the hours and minutes you apply to the reference station’s time of high and low tide. The time difference is added to or subtracted from the reference station’s time, depending on the sign preceding the time difference.
Height difference
The height differences in figure 2–35 are applied to the height of high and low water at the reference station. Height differences are usually given in feet. However, height differences may be given using ratios. Ratios may be shown for the high tide, low tide, or both. In this case, multiply the ratio by the tide height listed for the reference station to find the height of the tide(s) at the subordinate station. Height differences may also appear in the table (fig. 2–35) as a combination of a ratio and a height measurement. In this case, multiply the corresponding tide at the reference station by the ratio; then apply the height difference.
Range
Two ranges are shown for subordinate stations. Mean range is the difference, in height, between the high tides and the low tides. Spring range is the annual average of the highest semi-diurnal range, which occurs semimonthly (twice a month), when the Moon is in its new or full phase. The spring tide range is larger than the mean range where the type of tide is either semi-diurnal (two high tides and one low or two low and one high). The difference between the spring tide range and the mean range is of no practical significance where the type of tide is diurnal (one high and one low tide a day). Where the tide is chiefly diurnal, the table gives the diurnal range, which is the difference in height between mean high water and mean low water.
NOTE:
For stations where the tide is chiefly diurnal, time differences, height differences, and ratios are intended primarily for predicting the higher high and lower low waters. When the lower high water and higher low water at the reference station are nearly the same height, the corresponding tides often cannot be obtained satisfactorily by tidal differences.
Mean tide level
The mean tide level is the plane between mean low water and mean high water. Dashes are entered when the data is unreliable or unknown.
Computing height of tide
The approximate height of a tide at any time between its high and low water can be found by using "Table 3" of the Tide Tables, "Height of Tide at Any Time", or the height can be obtained graphically by using the Tidal Height Graph.
Tabular method
Figure 2–36 is used to compute a tide’s height at any time between high tide and low tide. The table is made up of two sections: time and range.
Time
Subtract the time of low water from the time of high water, or vice versa, to obtain the elapsed time (duration) between the two tides to the nearest hour (h) and minute (m). You will enter figure 2–36 with this time. Note that the duration times listed in the far-left column only cover duration’s between 4 hours (4 00) and 10 hours 40 minutes (10 40). When the duration is less than 4 hours or greater than 10 hours 40 minutes, adjust the duration time before using the table.
 
1. If the elapsed time is GREATER than 10 hours and 40 minutes, use one-half the duration period and then double the correction value.
2. If the elapsed time is LESS than 4 hours, double the duration period and then use one-half the correction value. When the tide is nearer high water, the correction value is subtracted. When the tide is nearer low water, the correction value is added.
Range
To obtain the range of the tide, subtract the height of low water from the height of high water. You will enter the range section of figure 2–36 with this height difference if it is 20 feet or less. Note that the table’s maximum range is 20 feet. When the range of the tide is greater than 20 feet, but less than 40 feet, halve the range before using the table, then double the correction value. When the range is greater than 40 feet, enter the table using one-third of the range, then multiply the correction by 3. The same rule applies to the height correction value as it does for time: the correction is subtracted when the tide is nearer high water, and added when nearer low water.
Graphical method
The graphical method is used if the height of a tide is needed for different times during a day. This method assumes that the rise and fall of tides conforms to a simple "cosine" curve. If the tide follows a cosine curve, the graph can provide an accurate estimate of tide heights between high and low water; however, if the tide does not follow the cosine curve, the tide estimates will be off. To determine tides using the graphical method, use the following example:
Example:
High tide occurs at 0012 and is 11.3 feet; low tide occurs at 0638 and is –2.0 feet.
Using graph paper, set up a time scale and a height scale (fig. 2–37).
Figure 2–37. Time and height scales.
 
Plot the time and height of high water and low water, and connect the two points with a straight line (fig. 2–38).
Figure 2–38. High tide and low tide plotted on a graph.
Divide the line into quarters as shown in figure 2–39.
Figure 2–39. Divided tide line.
At the quarter point closest to the high-water point, draw a vertical line equal to one-tenth of the tide’s range. In our example, the range is 13 feet; 1/10 of 13 is equal to 1.3 feet. Because this point is nearer the high tide, draw this line up, toward the top of the graph (fig. 2–40, view B’). Repeat this procedure for the quarter point closest to the low-water point but draw the line toward the bottom of the graph (fig. 2–40, view D’).
 
Figure 2–40. One-tenth of the range is plotted.
Draw a smooth cosine curve connecting points A, B’, C, D’, and E, as shown in figure 2–41.
Figure 2–41. Completed tidal height graph.
The graph is now complete and ready to use. To find the height of the tide at any time, simply follow the time upward until you intersect the cosine curve. From this point move horizontally to the height scale on the left and read the height.
Tidal currents
Tides rise and fall because of the water’s movement due to gravity. As a tide rises, water moves toward shore. A rising tide, or incoming tide, is known as a flood tide. As a tide falls, water flows seaward. A falling, or outgoing, tide is known as an ebb tide. When the tide floods and ebbs, the movement of water shoreward or seaward can be significant or hardly noticeable. The horizontal movement of water caused by tide changes is often called the tidal current. In estuaries, the tidal currents are often quite fast, exceeding 5 knots; in the open ocean, tidal currents rarely exceed 1 knot.
There is a period between an ebb tide and a flood tide when there is no appreciable horizontal movement of water. This period is known as "slack water."
There is another time between an ebb tide and a flood tide when there is no appreciable vertical movement of water. This period is known as a "stand."
It would appear that the "slack water" period and the "stand" period should coincide, but this is not always the case. Along a regular coastline, the two periods should coincide. But where a larger bay connects with an ocean through a narrow channel, the tide may continue to "flood" in the channel long after the high water stand, and vice versa. In other words, the tidal current continues in the channel after the water has stopped rising or falling.
For stations well exposed to the ocean there is usually little difference between the time of high and low water and the beginning of the flood or ebb tide. However, in narrow channels, land-locked harbors, or on tidal rivers, the time of slack water may differ by 2 or 3 hours from the time of high-water or low-water stand.
Self-Test Questions
After you complete these questions, you may check your answers at the end of the unit.
416. Waves
1. What is the highest point of a wave called?
2. Match each ocean wave characteristics in column B with its ocean wave description in column A. Items in column B may be used only once.
Column A
___1. Rate at which the wave moves through the water.
___2. The time interval between successive wave crests.
___3. Horizontal distance between two successive troughs.
___4. Three values are determined and forecast from this characteristic.
___5. Number of waves passing a given point during a one-second interval.
___6. The vertical displacement of a particle from sea level to the base of the trough.
Column B
