Plant Detective
4. Now that you have finished your research, meet with you group members to look over all that you have learned to save the animals at the tide pool. Each of you should share your notes with the other group members (Be sure to be a good listener to each other!). Have one person sketch and write about what your tide pool will include as the group is sharing with each other.
5. Let's Get Ready to Design Our Tide Pool! You should be able to answer these questions before your group begins building your tide pool:
 
What animals will you include in your tide pool?
How much water will you put in your tide pool?
What kind of water would be in your tide pool?
What plants will you include in your tide pool?
What do the living things in your tide pool need to live?
 
6. Once everyone in your group agrees on what should be in your tidepool, you must next talk about how your group should go about making the design.  Will it be a 3-D design using a shoe box, a paper mache model, a drawing with art supplies, a pattern block design or a design created using hyperstudio? You can also create your own  idea for a design, but please check with your teacher first.  Here are some examples of other children's projects:  Pattern Block Models , Drawing and Model#1 and Model #2
7. Now that you have decided on your design, make a list of the materials that you will need.  Ask your teacher for help getting your materials and find a comfortable spot to work.   Be sure that everyone helps!
8.  When your group has finished, get ready to share! Make sure you are able to tell what you included in your project, why you included it, and tell how your design is a healthy tide pool environment.  Each group member should be able to talk about what they included in the design and what they learned from their research. 
 
Evaluation
Your teacher will go through these rubrics with y ou before your group begins this project. As you work, think about where you would place yourself in these categories.
 
