Cobscook Reversing Falls
©
Tides passing in and out over the rocky bottom in Cobscook Bay between Falls Island and Mahar Point in Pembroke, Maine, create an impressive waterfall effect.
Whirlpools can be seen, too. The tide here runs more than an hour later than the tide in Eastport (location of the closest tidal sensing station), so plan accordingly. (Other reversing falls exist in St. John, New Brunswick, in Sullivan, Maine, and elsewhere.)
This location is hazardous to boaters and is off limits to swimmers!
Top of Page
Great Tidal Range
Good places to view the tidal range are just about any place that has a pier. Observe the water levels at high and low water (a six-hour interval). If you're boating, leave plenty of slack when tying up to the pier!
Top of Page
Tide Sensing Stations
The closest tide sensing stations are at Eastport, Maine, and St. John, New Brunswick (see " Other Tides Resources, " below for predictions for these two locations), thus, local published tide predictions are based on one of those locations. Generally speaking, the further to the northeast ("downeast") along the Fundy coast, the greater the tidal range.
Top of Page
A Note About Tide Times
The tides are primarily caused by the Moon, so they are on "Moon Time." The moon circles the Earth about every 24 hours and 55 minutes (nearly 25 hours!), meaning that it rises about an hour later each day; therefore, the tides do the same thing--they are about an hour later every day!
In the Quoddy Loop area, there are two high and two low tides each day, for a total of four, with one exception--every several days only three tides will fit into that day, due to the Moon taking almost 25 hours to circle the Earth.
Tide prediction times for the Quoddy Loop area are either for Atlantic Time (New Brunswick, Canada) or Eastern Time (Maine, U.S.A.). (Atlantic Time is one hour ahead of Eastern Time: 1:00 AT = 12:00 ET.) Also, some published tide predictions do not correct for Daylight Saving Time. You may need to add or subtract an additional hour, depending upon your location and the tide prediction source.
Top of Page
Quoddy Tidal Power Project
During Franklin Delano Roosevelt's presidency, hydroelectric engineer Dexter Cooper, who honeymooned on Campobello Island, observed the massive amounts of seawater (70 billion cubic feet) entering Passamaquoddy Bay with each incoming tide. Dexter got the idea of harnessing the tide's energy to produce electricity. Cooper was successful in enlisting the U.S. federal government in funding the project.
Cooper's idea was to dam off both Passamaquoddy Bay and Cobscook Bay. The incoming tide would be trapped by gates and dams in Passamaquoddy Bay. Then, the water would be allowed to escape through turbine generators located at the isthmus on Moose Island, Eastport, with the water escaping into Cobscook Bay, where it would be held until low water. At that point, the water would be let out into the Bay of Fundy via another set of gates.
The project was begun, headquartered at Quoddy Village, Eastport, with tidal dikes built between Treat Island (Eastport) and Dudley Island (Lubec), and from Pleasant Point Passamaquoddy Reservation out to Carlow Island (Eastport) and then on to Moose Island, Eastport. Other dikes were planned, but were never constructed.
The dike between Treat and Dudley islands can easily be seen at low water. Dikes built between Pleasant Point Passamaquoddy Reservation and Carlow Island, Eastport, and from Carlow Island to Moose Island, Eastport, form the causeway supporting Route 190 in that location.
U.S. national politics ended the funding for the project, although attempts were made--through President Eisenhower's term in office--to revive it. While still technically feasible, the project is seen as impracticle, considering the impact on the fishery and environment, along with current costs for completing the project.
Cooper's plan included using electric power to smelt ore that is available in the area. Had the project been completed, the local economy and environment would be considerably different than it is today.
The Quoddy Maritime Museum , which opened in July of 1999 in Eastport, houses a working scale model of the Passamaquoddy Bay Tidal Power Project which was built for the original project. The model, formed of concrete and weighing thousands of pounds, shows the locations of the proposed dikes and gates, as well as the turbine-powered generating station. When operating, you can observe how the tides flow into the area's bays, and how these tides could have been harnessed to generate electricity.
