The Sun, the Moon and the Earth
The Moon takes 29 and a half days to go around the Earth.
Each quarter way around is called a phase and these are shown on the picture below.
Spring tides are the ones that rise and fall most.
At full and new phases of the moon the Sun and Moon pull together. So their combined pull is stronger and there are Spring tides.
Neap tides are the ones that rise and fall least.
At first quarter and last quarter phases of the moon the Sun and Moon do not pull together. So their combined pull is weaker and there are Neap tides.
All of the possible changes in the movements of the Earth, Moon and Sun take 19 years to work themselves through before they start all over again.
Causes of Tides
If you would like some further information (quite complicated) on the causes of tides click HERE
Encarta
There is a really well explained animation on how the Moon causes tides in in the Microsoft Encarta encyclopaedia.
Tide Information
The tide tables are available from the University of South Carolina, USA which  provides tide predictions in a variety of formats.
If you would like to see a graph of the tides for Dublin click HERE during summer time or HERE during winter time.
X Tide program
X Tide is a Unix program for predicting tides written by Dave Flater (this took years to perfect). A Windows version has been written by Michael Hopper (this only took him 600 hours to do!). Both of these programs are freeware. The Windows version is excellent and can calculate tides for just about anywhere including lots of places around the coast of Ireland.
You can get all the info on X Tide by clicking HERE . As will be seen on the FAQ (frequently asked questions) page there is a version of Xtide available for Windows PCs.
Obtaining WXtide32
For information and download of a Windows version of X Tide click HERE .
Other causes of rise in sea level
Asgard 2 - the Irish sail training boat
copyright - Irish Times
Top of Page
Wind
Where very strong winds act on a stretch of water over a long distance they "pile up" water against the coastline they are blowing towards, causing an increase in sea level of several feet. This rise is called a tidal surge.
Depressions
The air above us presses down with an average force of 1,000 hPa. In depressions (Lows on the weather map) the air presses down with less force. This allows the sea to rise.
Storms
Storms are usually caused by depressions and so during a storm if the wind piles up the sea against the coast and the sea rises as a result of lower air pressure there may be a significant rise in sea level. If this happens at a particularly high tide there may be flooding as happened in the Netherlands in January 1953. Large parts of the Netherlands are very low lying and are protected from the sea by dykes. In January 1953 a combination of high tide, tidal surge and low air pressure during a storm caused the sea to rise 3 metres above normal high tide, the North Sea rose above the dykes, streamed across the country and 1,600 people lost their lives.
