Splash Zone
Why Tides?
The animation below shows the gravitational action of the sun and moon on  the earth's oceans, bringing this dynamic process to life.
(This animated GIF is 186K.  It should take from 3 to 6 minutes to  download with a 28.8 modem. You'll need Netscape 2.0 or above to view it  properly.)
The world's oceans are in constant flux.  Winds and currents move the surface water causing waves.  Ocean levels fluctuate daily as the  sun, moon and earth interact.  As the moon travels around the earth and as they, together, travel around the sun, the combined gravitational forces cause the world's oceans to rise and fall.
Imagine the earth covered completely by water.  As the earth spins,  this water is balanced evenly on all sides by centrifugal force.  The  moon has a gravitational pull on this layer of water as it orbits  the earth.  This pull causes the water to bulge toward the moon.  Because  the earth is spinning there will be a bulge on the opposite side of the  earth as well.
As the earth rotates on its axis, each location on the earth will  experience both tidal bulges.  The areas of high water levels are  high tides and the areas of low levels are low tides.
Since the earth and the moon rotate around the sun, there is an added  modifying factor. When the sun and moon are aligned, there are  exceptionally strong gravitational forces, causing very high and very low  tides which are called spring tides, though they have nothing to do  with the season. When the sun and moon are not aligned, the gravitational  forces cancel each other out, and the tides are not as  dramatically high and low. These are called neap tides.
Tides vary from day to day.  As the earth, moon, and sun orbit, their  positions constantly shift, causing slightly different gravitational  effects.  This causes the tides to occur at slightly different times.   Tides also vary from place to place.  Geographical position determines  the level of tide.  In Northern California there are two unequal tides each  day.  In the Gulf of Mexico there is only one high tide and one low tide each day.
