If someone has a truly free choice between two or more alternatives,   just because you observed a future in which one choice was made does not   necessarily mean that the individual will make the same choice again.
I'm quoting this again because I need to clarify one point:
From the ticket buyer's perspective, there is only one choice, not two. He's on a single timeline, making a single choice. Even if our hypothetical time traveller goes to this point multiple times, so that he views it over and over again, he's still only seeing it from different angles at different points in his own, relative timeline.
Even though, to the time traveller, he's viewing this at point's A, B, C, D, etc. from his own perspective, the ticket buyer is always viewing this from point A. Hence why the fact that the time traveller would be seeing the same decision being made over and over again (in a subjective sense) since it's the same, singular decision, the outcome is the same, regardless of the physical angle from which it is viewed or what knowledge the viewer has of the person making the decision.
It's as if you were watching a football replay from four different camera angles. In no way does it have an impact on that subject's free will, only how that point in time is viewed.
2 votes
Eric0038
Only if time travel works on a "Back to the Future" model vs. a "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure" model
lol, you can't be seriously invoking either in a philosophical discussion about the nature of free-will and time...are you?
The active will in the scenario I present is the person making the decision about which movie to go to. The fact that he exists in one time line, makes decisions and then those decisions become immutable in history is irrelevant. What happens happens; the fact that it cannot be changed once it happens (even if being observed by time travelers from the future) does not change the fact that the person making it happen is doing so by the agency of free will.
Again, no - only the past is set in stone in your scenario. If you were to stay in the future, the person made a choice via free-will and that choice cannot be undone. But if you were to go back to the past, the future becomes indeterminate (and this is the vitally important point) because the person has the freedom to make a choice other than the one that they initially did.
If this wasn't the case, and the person was not free to make a different choice, then it would be predestination via determinism. So, you are mistaken. Still, it was a good effort and a good analogy though.
You made the positive assertion that consciousness dies with the body. Prove it or admit it's a belief, not an objective and empirical fact.
Yeah, that's not the way this works. Consciousness is dependent upon the functioning of a living brain. Every single shred of scientific evidence in the field of neurology supports that fact. When the brain dies, either along with the body or independently of it, consciousness ceases to exist as well - that is, by our current understanding of what it is that produces consciousness.
So, if you are raising the alternative hypothesis that consciousness can survive independently of a functioning brain, it is up to you to supply evidence that supports that view.
Or, let me explain it a different way to properly demonstrate how absurd it is:
It is the microscale physical and chemical properties of the molecule H2O, water, that allow it to possess the macroscale characteristics that we tend to associate with water - "wetness", surface tension, a frozen state that is less dense than the liquid state, a freezing point and boiling point at 0 and 100 degrees C (at standard temp and pressure) etc.
When the water molecule is destroyed by breaking it up into its' constituent parts - hydrogen and oxygen gas - these properties disappear. No longer can you hold a glass of both gasses and claim it exerts the same properties as a glass of water. No longer can you freeze it at 0 degrees, no longer will it boil at 100. It is something else entirely. You have taken one physical, material thing with given properties - and turned it into another.
What you are proposing with regards to consciousness surviving death is akin to saying that the properties of H2O survive the transformation into hydrogen and oxygen gas. It cannot be done without proposing a supernatural realm that defies the laws of physics and our modern understanding of the universe.
Guess you had a time-consuming semester. I don't think I've seen you post since September. Hope it was a good one.
lol, hello to you too my friend! I've been around here and there. But yeah, this past semester kicked my ass with the amount of material and this next one will be even worse. I pretty much had a major exam every single week. I predict, come Monday, I'll probably vanish from the internetz again.
3 votes
LordFluffy
lol, you can't be seriously invoking either in a philosophical discussion about the nature of free-will and time...are you?
They're perfectly reasonable and understandable expressions of two different models of time travel; a mutable timeline and immutable timeline, respectively. The fact they are comedic movies really makes them no less understandable or valid examples.
Again, no - only the past is set in stone in your scenario.
But you're missing the point; it's only the past to the time traveler. To the person making the decision, it's the present. No matter how many time travelers, no matter how many of them are aware of the movie goers actions, the outcome of that point in time is determined by the person making the decision.
If you can display who is coercing him to make that decision that will, from his perspective, pass into immutable history in a few moments, then do so.
In my scenario, the time traveler was there when he made the decision before the traveler, in his own subjective timeline, made the decision to go back.
I say again: Show me what is coercing him other than his own will. If you can't, then you've got a free moral agent making a decision despite the presence of a figure who can change that decision for him and knows the outcome of the decision he's about to make.
Yeah, that's not the way this works.
That's precisely the way argument works. The burden of proof lies on those who make assertions. I don't have to prove you wrong. You have to prove yourself right.
That's actually one thing I hear pretty often from Atheists. It works both ways.
Consciousness is dependent upon the functioning of a living brain. Every  single shred of scientific evidence in the field of neurology supports  that fact.
Science has proved that when one exercises one's consciousness, certain things happen within the body. That's correlation, not causation.
So, if you are raising the alternative hypothesis that consciousness can  survive independently of a functioning brain, it is up to you to supply  evidence that supports that view.
I do believe that, but for the purposes of argument, I don't have to prove it as I didn't bring that point to the table.
If you want to insist there's no goblins in your basement, not just that you believe there's no goblins there or that you have no reason to suspect there are goblins there, then you'd better be prepared to pull apart the basement to check for goblins. Otherwise, you're making a statement you're incapable or unwilling to substantiate.
And that was my challenge to jussmi1514 : Verify your statement or admit that it's a belief, not a verifiable, empirical fact.
It cannot be donewithout proposing a supernatural realm that defies the laws of physics and our modern understanding of the universe.
Perhaps, but that's not my problem. I'm not trying to convince him that my consciousness exists without a body. I'm asking him to prove how he knows it doesn't.
See the difference?
Eric0038
But you're missing the point; it's only the past to the time traveler.
No, I think it is you that is missing the point. Or perhaps you aren't, because in a subsequent post you say:
He's on a single timeline, making a single choice.
Which corrects your original argument for deterministic predestination. So, you seem to have no problem with the concept of a branching or multiple timelines, but you likewise seem to understand that without that little addition to your description it would be pure determinism.
I say again: Show me what is coercing him other than his own will.
The rest of this paragraph didn't make a lick of sense so I'll address this part only. "What is coercing him"? Either free-will exists, or it doesn't. If the latter is the case, then nothing is "coercing" - choices are nothing but deterministic outcomes and couldn't have happened any other way.
All of that is rather irrelevant though, since this is a purely hypothetical discussion as a) Free-will hasn't been shown to exist in the first place and b) Neither has time travel.
All I was initially pointing out (and that you are perhaps too arrogant to admit) was that your analogy, although a good effort, falls short. A much better one would be God existing outside of time, and therefore capable of perceiving all possible choices and outcomes - omnscience without contradicting free-will.
That's precisely the way argument works. The burden of proof lies on those who make assertions. I don't have to prove you wrong. You have to prove yourself right.
Exactly! It seems you understand after all. We made the assertion that consciousness is dependent upon neural function, and we have a mountain of evidence to support that assertion. You made the assertion that it is not dependent, for which you have zero evidence in support.
Science has proved that when one exercises one's consciousness, certain things happen within the body. That's correlation, not causation.
Since neurology is specifically my field of study, I assure you that you are mistaken. To go into it in detail is beyond the scope of this discussion, but suffice it to say, it has been demonstrated that electrochemical activity in the brain is required (as in causation as well as correlation) for consciousness or subjective experience to exist. Morever, specific lesions in the brain, chemical alterations, and electromagnetic influence can produce specific and predictable alterations to consciousness. This is compelling evidence that it is the processing activity of the brain that is producing consciousness. To conclude otherwise is beyond absurd.
I do believe that, but for the purposes of argument, I don't have to prove it as I didn't bring that point to the table.
Actually, upon reviewing your posts it seems that you didn't make such a claim. My mistake. Nonetheless, you can't exactly play devils advocate and argue against consciousness being a neural and physical phenomenon without supporting your argument with some sort of evidence. We might as well stop the discussion now, in that case, as it will be meaningless and progress nowhere.
Perhaps, but that's not my problem. I'm not trying to convince him that my consciousness exists without a body. I'm asking him to prove how he knows it doesn't.
No one is claiming to know with certainty that it doesn't. What you are asking for is illogical and impossible, as you are well away. It is akin to taking the low road in the argument - "I don't have to prove my position, but I will burden you with impossible hurdles to prove yours".
As I said, no one is claiming with 100% certainty that consciousness cannot exist outside of the living brain. What we are saying is that there is no reason to suspect that it can given current scientific understanding, and it is absolute folly/irrational/meaningless to propose that it can.
Here's a good analogy: I can't even say, with 100% certainty, that there is not a planet out there in the universe somewhere where the laws of physics do not apply. But I do not believe that there is, because everywhere that I look - I see the same thing. Furthermore, there is no reason to suspect that such a place exists.
See the difference?
