Tides, by definition, refer to cyclic rising as well as falling of our plant's ocean surface...
Anonymous 100% helpful
The gravitational pull from the moon on the earth's waters causes tides. Tides are the rise and fall of sea levels caused by the combined effects of the rotation of the Earth and the gravitational forces exerted by the Moon and the Sun. The tides occur with a period of approximately 12 and a half hours and are influenced by the shape of the near-shore bottom.
Most coastal areas experience two daily high (and two low) tides. This is because at the point right "under" the Moon (the sub-lunar point), the water is at its closest to the Moon, so it experiences stronger gravity and rises. On the opposite side of the Earth (the antipodal point), the water is at its farthest from the moon, so it is pulled less; at this point the Earth moves more toward the Moon than the water does—causing that water to "rise" (relative to the Earth) as well. In between the sub-lunar and antipodal points, the force on the water is diagonal or transverse to the sub-lunar/antipodal axis (and always towards that axis), resulting in low tide.
Tide prediction is important for coastal navigation. The intertidal zone, the strip of seashore that high tide submerges and low tide exposes, is an important ecological product of ocean tides.
While tides are usually the largest source of short-term sea-level fluctuations, sea levels are also subject to forces such as wind and barometric pressure changes, resulting in storm surges, especially in shallow seas and near coasts.
Tidal phenomena are not limited to the oceans, but can occur in other systems whenever a gravitational field that varies in time and space is present. For example, the solid part of the Earth is affected by tides.
Helpful   Not helpful
Anonymous 75% helpful
The moons gravitational pull pulls the sea towards it. Also, when the moon is overhead, its gravity causes you to be slightly taller.
Will Martin 67% helpful
If you put your question into Blurtit search you will find several answers to it - there are two good answers here, for example.
Helpful   Not helpful
Anonymous 25% helpful
The moon's gravity causes waves to move towards the direction of the moon to the earth so say the earth is a 2d circle and the sea is another circle around it and the moon is a small circle next to it, if the moon was on the top right of the circle, the area of the tide nearest to the moon will b pulled up and look taller, while on directly on the other side directly behind the tide will be pulled into the earth as the moon's gravity is trying to pull it towards it, but of course the Earth and its gravitation pull is in the way, is that a sufficient answer?
Anonymous 17% helpful
Okay so if the moon has an affect on tides... Then how does that affect the environment?
Add Your Answer - Add Community Answer
What Effect Does The Moon Have On Tides ?
Submit Answer
