Why was the Marine Policy Institute at Mote created?
In 2003, as part of an overall strategic planning process, Mote Marine Laboratory’s Scientific Advisory Committee identified the need for a new policy component to complement the Research, Education and Aquarium divisions. The goal is to provide decision-makers with unbiased, credible and timely scientific information. The Institute will combine natural, physical marine science programs with social science research components. A key focus will be on two-way communication with policy makers, resource managers and stakeholder groups.
 
What is Marine Policy Institute’s mission?
The  Marine Policy Institute’s primary mission is to improve the connection  between scientific research and society. This involves providing timely,  credible policy assessments and advice to decision-makers and  stakeholders. Analyses will include diverse aspects of an issue (marine  science, economics, societal components) and the ramifications of  potential solutions. The Institute synthesizes and integrates research  from a diverse range of scientific disciplines in addition to conducting  its own research on the societal aspects connected to marine science.  It also tries to stimulate better communication among different  stakeholder groups, translating and mediating wherever possible.
How  does the Marine Policy Institute differ from public outreach  efforts? In addition to creating the interface between the natural and  social sciences, the Institute’s main audience will be policy makers and  resource managers.
 
Why did Mote take on this role?
As  an independent, nonprofit organization, Mote has long been recognized  for its rigorous approach to science, so creating the Marine Policy  Institute is a natural next step. Mote recognizes a real need for better  ways to educate policy makers and the public about diverse aspects of  pressing marine science issues and potential solutions. Such a need has  been underscored in national reports (Pew Ocean Commission, U.S.  Commission on Ocean Policy).  Mote also strongly believes that its  independent status can be an advantage to help the Policy Institute act  quickly when new issues arise.
 
Is the Marine Policy Institute an advocacy or lobbying organization?
No.  The Marine Policy Institute’s goal is to provide answers to lawmakers  about specific actions or policy. For instance, the Institute may look  at an issue and provide information about likely outcomes, depending on  various actions taken or not taken. The Institute will focus on  synthesizing scientific studies and integrating them into policy  analysis. It will not stake out policy positions as much as it will try  to clarify risks, costs and benefits of policy options.
 
Does the Marine Policy Institute take positions on policy issues?
Occasionally,  but it is not the Institute's main goal. If the Institute’s analysis  suggests that a particular policy is or will be especially harmful or  especially helpful, it will certainly say so. Mote believes that the  Marine Policy Institute can be most effective as an honest broker in  contested areas of science, rather than as a champion of a particular  policy agenda.
 
Who  works at the Marine Policy Institute?
Dr. Frank Alcock , Assistant  Professor of Political Science at New College of Florida, is the  Institute’s director. Other members include Ms. Barbara Lausche , an  international environmental lawyer and the Institute's Deputy Director and Dr. Michael Orbach , former Director of the Duke Marine  Laboratory in Beaufort, N.C. and the Institute's Advisory Committee Chairman. Dr. Orbach also served as an adviser to the U.S.  Commission on Ocean Policy and the Pew Commission on Oceans.
Additionally, the Institute is advised by a Committee that has drawn experts from a variety of disciplines and regions.
 
What issues does the Marine Policy Institute address?
The  range is broad. Subject to available resources, the Institute responds to the needs of both the marine science and marine policy  communities. Initial priorities included Florida red tide, marine  zoning, fisheries management issues and a sustainable seafood  initiative.
Click here for the Institute's first major policy  assessment: An Assessment of Florida red tide: Causes, Consequences and  Management Strategies.
Click here for the Institute's second major  policy assessment: Policy Tools for Local Adaptation to Sea Level Rise
Click here for a Special Report about Oil Drilling.
 
How does Mote support this effort?
The  New Amsterdam Charitable Foundation provided the initial start-up  funding. The Gulf Coast Community Foundation of Venice has also provided  key support for the Institute, which seeks grants from foundations,  agencies and individuals. In appropriate cases, the Institute may also  apply for state or federal dollars to support research projects or  programs.
 
Will Southwest Florida beaches be affected by the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico?
Experts at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and numerous other organizations are working on predictions for the areas likely to be affected by the spill. Because of changing weather and water currents, the best place to check for the projected path of the spill is at NOAA's Office of Response and Restoration . (Click on the link for "Current Trajectory Maps.")
Another place to check for oil onshore is at Mote's Beach Conditions Report. This report covers 33 beaches on thhttps://asoft201.securesites.net/secure/mote/admin.php?src=faq&srctype=display&tab=1&pos=0,30,90&id=89e Gulf Coast from Collier north to the Panhandle. www.mote.org/beaches .
 
I have plans to visit Southwest Florida on vacation. Should I cancel my plans?
At this writing (May 10, 2010), there has been no impact to Florida's 2,276 miles of tidal shoreline, 1,197 miles of coastline and 663 miles of beaches. VISIT FLORIDA is posting daily travel advisories online at www.visitflorida.com/florida_travel_advisory/ . If you're coming to the Sarasota area, you may also wish to visit www.sarasotafl.org/oil-spill-news . While the situation is in constant flux, another good source for the latest news is the Florida Department of Environmental Protection, which is the lead coordinating agency in Florida. The DEP's website also contains the latest news and projections for oil spill impacts. Go to www.dep.state.fl.us/deepwaterhorizon/ .
 
What are the parties responsible for the spill doing to fix it?
British Petroleum leased the Deepwater Horizon oilrig from Transocean Ltd. Along with a number of federal agencies, these groups are working to stem the flow of oil into the Gulf of Mexico. Click here for a link to the Joint Incident Command center.
 
What is Mote doing?
Mote Marine Laboratory  scientists have been busy performing a number of tasks that we believe  are especially critical at this time:
We have expanded  our Beach Conditions  Report system to include oil  spill impacts on 33 beaches on Florida's west coast. As it has during  the Florida red tides that led to its creation, this system continues to  prove itself as an important source of credible, real-time  information for the public. We are working to refine this reporting  system so it provides a better snapshot of oil impacts and are also  seeking funding to expand this system so that we receive reports from  all of Florida's 165 major beaches.
Another reporting  system that Mote has in place is the Marine Ecosystem  Event Response and Assessment Project , or MEERA. MEERA provides  early detection and assessment of biological events occurring in the  Florida Keys and surrounding waters. Should the oil spill affect the  Florida Keys, that information will be included in the MEERA reports.
Mote scientists  have been gathering baseline samples of bottom-dwelling organisms,  water, sediment, oysters, clams, seagrasses, total organic carbon and  polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), which are chemical components  found in oil. So far, we have gathered samples from 25 sites in Sarasota  Bay and another dozen sites in Charlotte  Harbor. These baselines will provide the critical "before" picture of  our environment should there be an "after" caused by oil. Why is this  needed? The Exxon Valdez spill led to years of lawsuits and a key issue  was that there was no scientific picture of what the Alaskan environment  looked like at the spill site before the spill happened.
Autonomous  underwater vehicles , or AUVs, have been patrolling Gulf waters for  signs  of oil and dispersants. We have sent these underwater robots to areas  we believe oil could appear as it flows throughout the Gulf. In addition  to providing a potential early warning for coastal communities, these  robots are gathering new and critical information about ocean currents  that will lead to more refined models for things like oil movement. So  far, we have deployed three AUVs.
Scientists in  the  Sarasota Dolphin Research Program, a partnership between Mote Marine  Laboratory and the Chicago Zoological Society, are studying bottlenose  dolphins in Florida Gulf Coast waters off Sarasota and the Florida  Panhandle that are currently oil-free to  prepare for before-and-after comparisons should oil reach those areas.
The Unified Command  has also requested that Mote act as a primary reception site for oiled  sea turtles. Doing so will require an immediate expansion of our  facilities — everything from bringing in more rehabilitation tanks and  bringing new filtration systems online, to hiring additional staff.  Because of the record cold in January, Mote has already been  overextended in our efforts to rehabilitate endangered sea turtles and  has treated more than 50 this year alone. Our dolphin hospital also  stands ready to help stranded marine mammals, if necessary.
Mote is also looking at  longer-term impacts from the oil spill:
Our Biomarker Lab  can measure  the effects of acute oil exposure on marine mammals and sea turtles. It  can also look at how the recovery of these animals' critical biological  functions like reproduction, immune health and metabolism occur over  time.
We are also  preparing a plan that will help us measure the  long-term impacts to our habitats — like our critical estuaries — and to  the communities that depend on them.
 
What is Mote doing to help marine animals?
Mote has numerous areas of research that focus on various marine species, including manatees, sea turtles, fish, dolphins, sharks and bottom dwelling animals like oysters. Oil contamination could impact all of them, with effects lasting long into the future. Many of our research programs have been in place for decades and it is likely that questions about oil impacts will be incorporated into these existing research studies.
Mote's animal care experts are are coordinating with the state and federal agencies that oversee wildlife care. Mote's dolphin and sea  turtle hospitals unfortunately have very limited space. The sea turtle  hospital continues to house a large number of sea turtles debilitated  from the cold winter weather along with other causes including boat  strikes and entanglement in marine trash, so, unfortunately, space is  limited.
But because of our  facilities and experience, Mote has been asked  by the Unified Command to become a primary response site for oiled sea  turtles. Doing so will require an immediate expansion of our facilities —  everything from bringing in more rehabilitation tanks and bringing new  filtration systems online, to hiring additional staff. We are  currently in discussion with various agencies for the funding that will  allow us to make these facility and staff changes so we can help oiled  animals. We estimate that an expansion of the size requested by the  federal authorities will cost $1.5 million.
Mote will not be taking in sea birds, but we are working with our neighbors, Save Our Seabirds, to offer logistical support should they treat oiled birds.
Decisions regarding dolphins in need of care also will be handled on a case-by-case basis — we want to help animals from the Panhandle but need to make sure that we'll have space for animals from our area if it is needed.
Because we are an independent, nonprofit marine laboratory, our potential to care for oiled wildlife depends on limited space and on securing the necessary funding for animal care. Please click here if you would like to donate to Mote's Oil Spill Emergency Fund .
 
