Fundy National Park Tides & Coastline More Attractions Tide Charts
The Highest Tides in the World
The tides of the Bay of Fundy can reach heights of up to 53 feet (16 metres).  Comparing this with a tidal range of about 3 feet elsewhere in the world and you can see why the Fundy tides are so amazing!
Twice during each 24 hour period, the tides of the Bay of Fundy fill the basin with about 115 billion tonnes of water.  The force of this swelling flow creates rip currents and whirlpools that churn the water into a rich eco-system... one that attracts 8 species of whale, dolphins, porpoises and many other sea creatures.
You can check the tide charts for the time and heights of low and high tide.
The Alma Beach is easily explored at low tide, but within hours, this beach will be flooded and submerged with water and the lobster boats will be docking.
 
What causes the tides?
The great tides of the Bay of Fundy are due in part to the unique dimensions of this finger of the Gulf.
First, the funnel shape of the bay constricts the tidal flow causing the waters to rise higher and higher as the bay narrows and becomes more shallow.
Secondly, each body of water has its own rhythmic movement, a slow sloshing back and forth from one end to the other - not enough to notice with the eye, but it's still there, nonetheless.
The speed of this movement is dependent upon the width and depth of the basin.  The Bay of Fundy is 290 km (174 miles) long.  The time it takes for the tide to flood the length of Bay of Fundy is nearly identical to the time it takes for the tide to come in from the adjoining Gulf of Maine.
In other words, the rhythms of these two bodies of water match.  This creates a resonance, which increases the tidal range.  It's called the “Seiche Effect” and it's often compared to the wave action produced when one sloshes water back and forth in a bathtub.  By building momentum, each wave becomes higher than the one previous.
It is this comparison which led many to call the Bay of Fundy ‘the world’s largest bathtub’ - but actually we prefer to say it is  'one of the marine wonders of the world!"
 
How to enjoy the Bay of Fundy
Take a kayaking or boat tour of the coastline, go beachcombing on one of our beaches at low tide, or visit Alma's scenic fisherman's wharf to watch the lobster boats come in.
Everyone knows Bay of Fundy lobster is the very best in the world! The combination of food supplies and extra cold water temperature in the bay contribute to the quality of our lobster.
The Fisherman's wharf is also the best place in Alma to truly appreciate the Bay of Fundy's highest tides in the world. At low tide, the fishing boats rest in cradles on the ocean's floor; a mere six hours later, they are bobbing at the top of the 15-foot high wharf!
There are a number of places to view the tides as you travel toward Moncton, N.B.  The further up the bay, the higher the water rises.  Visit the Hopewell Rocks, to see the effects of the tidal action on sculptured sandstone flower pot-like formations.
 
Please call us at 1-888-883-8639 or click here to request a reservation or send  an email, thank you for visiting Fundy Highlands Motel and Chalets
Accomodations
