All tides shown are based on the Savannah River entrance.
To calculate Skull Creek entrance, add 24 minutes.
St. Simons Island, GA! 2 hours, 17 minutes, 122.45 miles via I-95 S from Hilton Head Island. St. Simons Island is the largest of the Golden Isles along Georgia’s southern Atlantic coast. Eighteen square miles in size, St. Simons Island is accessible by car via the F.J. Torras Causeway. St. Simons has a wide array of lodging choices rounding out your choice for a spectacular St. Simons Island vacation.
www.StSimonsIsland.com
St. Simons Island, GA
Savannah, GA! 1 hour, 3 minutes, 41.93 miles via US-278 W to SC-170 W from Hilton Head Island. Savannah founded in 1733 has been one of America’s favorite destinations for business and pleasure. Today, Savannah attracts nearly 11 million visitors yearly, sparking 11 million cases of love at first sight. Savannah, a city of natural & historic beauty.
www.Savannah.com
Savannah, GA
Hilton Head, SC! You Are Here on Hilton Head Island. Hilton Head Island may only be 12 miles by 5 miles wide, but you’ll find everything you need for a perfect Island retreat. Get a little taste of everything with more than 250 Hilton Head restaurants and 24 Hilton Head Island golf courses.
www.HiltonHead.com
Hilton Head, SC
Daufuskie Island, SC! 7 minutes, 2.65 miles viaPalmetto Bay Rd. from Hilton Head Island. Daufuskie Island offers a glimpse of what other sea islands were like before bridges and causeways opened them to development. Most native residents of Daufuskie Island are decendants of freed slaves, who have made their living oystering and fishing for decades.
www.DaufuskieIsland.com
Daufuskie Island, SC
Bluffton, SC! 24 minutes, 14.94 miles via US-278 W from Hilton Head Island. Bluffton, a town whose name refers to its location atop a scenic bluff along the May River, also is home to a number of award-winning restaurants, accommodations, and popular shopping centers developed along the Hwy. 278 corridor which connects Bluffton and Hilton Head Island.
www.Bluffton.com
Bluffton, SC
Beaufort, SC! 59 minutes, 40.85 miles via SC-170 N from Hilton Head Island. Beaufort is a coastal city blessed with wonderful bed & breakfast and excellent restaurants. The city and the surrounding sea islands also have a rich African-American heritage. Come and learn about the Gullah culture or the Penn Center, the first school built for former slaves.
