Font
Page 1 of 1
SAN ANTONIO - Gulf oyster lovers may have to suck it up and settle for oysters from other regions to get their fix.
What's considered the largest red tide outbreak in the state since 2000 has postponed indefinitely the opening of the Texas oyster season. And without a break in the drought to flush the waterways, the season may be wiped out altogether.
"This is a major blow. It's bad," said Buddy Treybig , the owner of Arnold's Seafood Processing Plant in Matagorda, who has been told the red tide bloom is getting worse, not better. "There's going to be a lot of smaller companies that won't survive, not just if they're in the oyster business."
Oystering on private leases in Texas already had been closed for weeks, but Wednesday the Texas Department of State Health Services banned harvesting of oysters, clams and mussels along the Texas coast until further notice.
The public harvest season was scheduled to open Tuesday. When it will reopen depends on how quickly the Karenia brevis alga that causes the outbreak disappears. The season runs through April 30.
The algae that cause red tide contain a toxin that can accumulate in the tissue of oysters, clams and other shellfish. That toxin causes neurotoxic shellfish poisoning when consumers eat contaminated oysters. Symptoms include nausea, dizziness, dilated pupils and a tingling sensation in the extremities. The toxin, when carried by the air, can cause coughing and irritation of the throat and eyes.
The algae do not harm oysters but do kill fish. In an estimate last week, the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department said 3 million fish had been killed by red tide along the Texas coast this year.
Looking elsewhere
With oystering in Texas suspended, seafood producers and restaurants will look to fisheries in other states. Bill Floyd , co-owner of Reef, which promotes Gulf seafood, said that while red tide is a regular occurrence, it comes at a time when Galveston Bay oysters already are suffering from high salinity because of the drought.
When Texas Gulf oysters are unavailable, the restaurant simply has to source them from elsewhere on the Gulf, such Apalachicola, Fla. "It will preclude us from getting those oysters and will change our oyster program, but it doesn't preclude us from still offering great oysters," Floyd said.
Desiree Mack , a manager at Gilhooley's in San Leon, said warm temperatures in the bay have meant the restaurant has had to stop selling raw oysters.
"We sell more smoked oysters - that's what we're famous for," Mack said. "But I've had people walk out because they couldn't get any raw oysters. They think they're just going to go somewhere else and I tell them, 'Honey, you're not going to get raw oysters anywhere.'"
The price of Gulf coast oysters has increased by about 35 percent as the red tide worsened over the past month, said Rick Groomer , president of Groomer Seafood in San Antonio. He said oysters got even costlier after the BP spill reduced the shellfish count last year, but other industry representatives don't expect current prices to escalate much more.
"I don't think the market will support it," said Clifford Hillman , who owns Hillman Shrimp & Oyster Co. in Dickinson and Port Lavaca.
Texas oysters once were the second-largest seafood commodity in Texas before 2008's Hurricane Ike destroyed thousands of acres of reef and production was cut in half. In 2009, Parks and Wildlife estimates, 2.7 million pounds of oysters were harvested in Texas, worth about $9.4 million.
The red tide could dissipate with enough rain and fresh water flowing into the bays to reduce algae-boosting salinity levels, Hillman said. Even with the water cleared of red tide, it could take several more weeks for the algae to wash out of the oysters' systems, officials said.
"Just pray for rain, brother, that's all we can do - and lots of it," said Hillman.
Staff writer Greg Morago contributed from Houston.
