0.001
100 years
These figures are actually residence times, the average length of time  an ion remains dissolved in the ocean. Aluminum is not very soluble in alkaline  solutions like sea water and disappears very quickly. Calcium and silicon are  taken out of solution by marine organisms and used to make shells, and also  disappear quickly. Sodium and chlorine are removed by the fewest processes and  build up in the oceans; that's why the sea is salty.
So residence times are minimum ages for the ocean. The ocean has to be  at least as old as the longest residence time but could be (and is) far older.  Early geologists realized that elements remain in the ocean for differing times  and relied on sodium and chlorine. They also attempted to correct for processes  that remove these elements.
Actually, oceanographers are interested in all the processes that add and remove elements from the oceans. Most chlorine is believed to have been added not by rivers but from submarine volcanic vents. Also, some of the ions in the ocean came in not as dissolved solids but attached to sediment particles. Also, a lot of the dissolved material in oceanic vents is recycled ocean water, and some dissolved material is carried onto the land as precipitation, as well. Taking those other factors into account, the residence time for chlorine is essentially infinite, sodium about 260 million years, calcium 8 million years.
Ocean Currents
The Coriolis Effect
Contrary to that award-winning science documentary The Simpsons, if  you place a six-hour collect phone call to Australia, you will not discover that toilets flush in the opposite direction south of the equator. On  the scale of a sink or bathtub the Coriolis Effect is tiny compared to other  forces. Even after letting water stand for days, there can still be enough  residual circulation to overwhelm the Coriolis Effect, and the mere act of  pulling the plug can disturb the water even more.
The Coriolis Effect is the result of moving on a spherical rotating earth.
Imagine you and a friend are on a merry-go-round and you throw a ball to him. A perfectly straightforward task.
Except that it turns out not to be so straightforward. The ball travels a curving path and misses the mark.
An outside observer sees nothing odd at all. The ball did travel a straight line, but you and your friend were both moving in a circle. When you rotate, you experience odd effects we sometimes call "forces." "Centrifugal force" is one, the "Coriolis Force" is another. Neither exist to an observer standing still.
Imagine two planes headed for Miami (purple). One is headed       south from Toronto (green), the other north from Panama (red).
The earth's rotation means Miami is moving faster than       Toronto but slower than Panama. If the planes don't correct somehow, the       plane from Toronto will end up west of Miami and the Plane from Panama       will end up east.
In reality this is not a problem for planes because the earth's       rotation carries the atmosphere along with it.
The Coriolis Effect causes things moving toward the poles to lead the earth's rotation because they are headed into regions where the earth's rotational speed is slower. They are deflected to the east.
The Coriolis Effect causes things moving toward the equator to lag the earth's rotation because they are headed into regions where the earth's rotational speed is faster. They are deflected to the west.
There's nothing magic about this variation in rotational velocity. Panama, Miami and Toronto travel in a circle every 24 hours. Toronto's is smallest so it moves slowest. Panama's is larger, so it moves faster.
If you understand why the Coriolis Effect works, you don't need to try to remember what moves clockwise or counterclockwise in what hemisphere. You can figure it out. 
Ocean Circulation
Surface circulation is driven by the winds.
In detail, ocean currents are always changing. One of the most interesting tracking efforts involved a cargo ship that lost a container of athletic shoes. Oceanographers used reports of shoes washing ashore to refine their models of ocean currents. More recently a cargo of toys was used the same way. Oceanographers were literally tracking ocean currents by following the movements of rubber ducks.
Deep circulation is the result of dense, cold, salty water sinking, rising to merge with the surface circulation, then returning to the polar regions to sink again.
Tides
There are Two Tidal Bulges
Moon's Gravity Pulls Oceans - Near-side Bulge is Easy to Understand
Moon and Earth actually orbit around the Earth-Moon Center of Mass (about    1500 km beneath the surface of the Earth)
Motion of Earth Around Center of Mass Creates a Bulge on the Far Side of    the Earth
Both Moon and Sun Cause Tides
Spring Tides
Sun and Moon Pulling in Parallel Directions
Lunar and Solar Tides Add Up
Unusually Large Tidal Range
