• Power outage affects Morristown, surrounding towns after strong winds blow debris on transmission line
Patti Sapone/The Star-LedgerRead Murphy, of Sea Bright, walks along the beach as a nor'easter hits Sea Bright. Murphy, a council member in Sea Bright said "the sand dunes have been hit hard".
“We will not be able to evaluate that until after the event, but it’s one of the most serious storms I’ve seen in terms of flooding, closures and access to communities,” she said.
Though the storm has pretty much left the region, National Weather Service meteorologist Lee Robertson said Friday morning’s high tide could bring one last round of flooding in coastal areas.
Atlantic County also was walloped, said Michael Schurman, the county’s safety director.
He said several motels along the Whitehorse Pike (Route 30) and the Blackhorse Pike (Route 40) in Egg Harbor Township and West Atlantic City were evacuated Friday morning because of high water. About a dozen motorists were also rescued from vehicles stuck on the flooded Whitehorse Pike and Route 9 in Absecon, he said.
In Ventnor and Atlantic City, several ramps leading onto and off the boardwalks were destroyed, Schurman said.
Most of the beaches, he said, experienced severe erosion.   
In Monmouth County, most of the serious weather was felt in Sea Bright with flooding on side streets and portions of Route 35, county emergency management coordinator Glenn Mason said. County officials will likely conduct a helicopter flyover of the beaches on Monday to assess the extent of erosion, he said.
“We hit a homerun compared to South Jersey,” he said. “They just took a heavy hit by the nor’easter.”
In Ocean County, most of the flooding was on Long Beach Island, where Long Beach Township Deputy Chief Leslie Houston said roads nearest to the bay started flooding Thursday night. At high tide, flooding prevented vehicles from crossing the Route 72 Dorland J. Henderson Memorial Bridge, the island’s only connection with the mainland.
Bill Tromm, Beach Haven’s emergency management coordinator, said the
Long Beach Island community experienced moderate beach erosion.
Coastal flood warnings remain in effect down Jersey Shore as wind, rain lash coast
Coastal flood warnings remain in effect down Jersey Shore as wind, rain lash coast The remnants of Tropical Storm Ida pounded the East Coast today, flooding coastal areas and eroding beaches in New Jersey after slamming the Carolinas and Virginia. The wind and waves were strong along the New Jersey shore, but the rain was not as heavy as predicted. Watch video
Shoreline properties on LBI take a beating from coastal storm
Shoreline properties on LBI take a beating from coastal storm Homeowners in Long Beach Island brace themselves for a battering nor'easter, as remains of Tropical Storm Ida touches down on the Jersey coast.  (Video by Brian Donohue / The Star-Ledger) Watch video
Like other coastal storms, this nor’easter brought out the weather hounds.
Todd Mosa, 33, and his friend Matt Alabise, 28, both of Bayville, decided to do some “extreme fishing” in Ortley Beach during Friday’s low tide.
Mosa, dressed in full-length neoprene waders, lasted five minutes before calling it quits.
“The current’s way too strong. It almost pulled me in. I’m done,” he said.
Alabise ignored his friend’s concerns and tried his hand at casting his line.
“It’s tough. You gotta deal with a lot, but it’s fun,” he said.
The fury of the storm was felt inland as well. Storm-driven winds blew debris into a substation in Morris County Friday morning, tripping a transmission line and knocking out power to about 12,000 customers for several hours.
Ron Marano, a spokesman for Jersey Central Power & Light, said high winds blew an aluminum-legged carport from a neighboring landscaping company into a substation on Ridgedale Avenue in Morris Township, affecting power in Morristown and surrounding towns. Power was restored by afternoon.
Despite the outage, Anthony’s Pizza and Pasta on the green on South Park Place in Morristown continued to dish out slices throughout the lunchtime rush. Though the pizzeria’s lights were out, its gas ovens continued operating, as cooks worked by flashlight.
“We can actually roll with this,” said owner Rudy Ioppolo. “The atmosphere was great. The place was filled. Everybody was enjoying the dark.”
Other businesses were not as lucky. When power went out at Just For You Flowers on Washington Street, it meant the rest of the day was lost, said owner Mike Shalaby.
“That’s lunch hour when we’re busy. We can’t do anything,” Shalaby said. “I let my people working with me go home. They liked it. They were like, ‘Friday the 13th, let me go home.’”
By MaryAnn Spoto and Jim Lockwood , with Phil Read and Rudy Larini
Sean Fitzgerald/The Associated PressA street filled with water Friday as rain and wind lashed Wildwood in Cape May County.
