Objectives:
Students will
discuss the importance of photography in helping people understand why they should take care of the world's oceans;
imagine the things they might see on a dive into the ocean;
discuss the special adaptations of animals in different parts of the ocean;
draw pictures of animals that live in different parts of the ocean, and tape their pictures to a mural representing the ocean's layers;
think about what it would be like to be an undersea photographer; and
draw a picture and write paragraphs about why one of the animals they studied is important and should be protected for the future.
Geographic Skills:
Acquiring Geographic Information
Answering Geographic Questions
S u g g e s t e d   P r o c e d u r e
Opening:
Show students some of David Doubilet's photographs . Explain that Doubilet is a famous photographer who specializes in taking pictures in the ocean . Tell the class that these pictures were taken in oceans in different parts of the world. Point out the world's oceans on a classroom map of the world, or have students point them out.
Ask students to think about why Doubilet's pictures are important. What are some of the ways that humans interact with the ocean? Ask them to think about how ships and boats, fishing lines, and waste products in the ocean might affect the animals and plants that live there. Is it okay to keep doing these activities, or should humans take better care of the oceans? Explain that sometimes photographs of the creatures in the ocean help people understand how important it is to protect them.
Development:
Ask students to describe some of the things they think they would see in the ocean. What animals and plants might they find there? What would it be like to dive into the ocean? Discuss their ideas as a class.
Inform students that Doubilet's photographs were taken at different ocean depths. Some were taken in shallower water, and some were taken in deeper water. Explain that different types of sea animals live at different depths. Can students determine which pictures were taken in shallower versus deeper water?
Show students the poster paper you have decorated and taped to the wall. Introduce them to the different ocean layers, and describe a few things about each layer. For example, let them know that as the water gets deeper, it gets colder and darker. Ask students to think about the things that animals would need to be able to do or the body parts they would need to possess in order to survive at various ocean depths. What do animals need in order to "breathe" underwater? What would an animal do if it lived in very cold, dark, deep water? What might an animal be able to do if it lived at the shore—might it spend time both in and out of the water? Tell students that every animal has special adaptations to its environment and that all ocean animals are specially suited to the part of the ocean in which they live.
Use the Internet resources below about life in the three layers you have drawn on your poster. Show students pictures of the animals they would find in each of these ocean regions, and then place the resources around the room so students can take turns looking at the pictures more closely. If your students can read, it might be helpful to label each area of the room with a different ocean layer so they remember where the animals come from. If you are using Web resources, have students take turns looking at pictures of the animals online and sketching them on their own paper. The following Web sites will be helpful:
Shore/tide pools:
