Answers.com > Wiki Answers > Categories > Science > Astronomy > How do the moon and sun affect the ocean tides on earth?
How do the moon and sun affect the ocean tides on earth?
In: Astronomy , The Moon , Ocean Tides [ Edit categories ]
Answer:
The very quick and dirty answer: Our moon plays a major role in the tides of the earth's oceans because the earth and moon are attracted to each other gravitationally.
A little more detail: The earth-moon system has a center of gravity, called the Barycenter. This is a point located within the body of the earth, and which moves in such a way that it is always in line with the earth's center and the moon's center. The moon's gravity pulls on the oceans that are right below the moon, and the moon's gravity is a little weaker on the other side of the earth. At the same time, the earth is orbiting the Barycenter (this would be observed as a wobble in earth's orbit if observed from far enough away), causing a bit of a 'push back' on the oceans on the other side.
 
A:
It's not the moon's gravity alone, but the interaction of the earth and moon. One influence is the fact that the earth-moon system orbits around the common center of gravity of earth-moon. This point is called the barycenter, and it is within the body of the earth since earth's mass is considerably larger than the moon's mass. As the earth wobbles around the barycenter, it tends to push the water out from behind the barycenter. At the same time, the gravitational attraction of the moon is stronger on the water that is moon-side than it is on the water on the opposite side of earth. So there is a high tide bulge on two opposite sides of the earth at once, and of course then there are two low tide areas at roughly 90 degree angles to the high tides.
 
A:
Tidal forces are caused by the differential pull of gravity on a planetary body or moon.
Consider the Earth-moon system. The Earth and moon are orbiting around their common center of mass, which is a point that lies somewhere inside the Earth since the Earth is so much more massive than the moon. So since we are in orbit around this center of gravity, we don't feel the moon's gravitational force, much like how astronauts in orbit don't feel the gravitational force of the Earth, even though it is pulling on them all the same.
However, because the Earth is a large body, the pull of the moon is stronger on the side of the earth facing the moon and weaker on the opposing side. The pull of the moon at the center of the Earth falls in the middle. The effect of this differential pull is that the water on the near side wants to pull away from the Earth, and the Earth wants to pull away from the water on the far side. This net effect is a force that tends to stretch the earth and oceans, creates two tidal bulges, hence two high tides per day and two tides per day. The water of course is much more deformable than the Earth itself, so it is the oceans we see forming the tidal bulges. Low tide occurs at the location on the earth at right angles to the Earth - moon line, and high tide occurs along the Earth-moon line.
For more information on this, please see the links below:  
A:
But it's not just the force of gravity (the sun's force is much greater than the moon's) but the DIFFERENCE between the force of gravity on the nearer side of the Earth as compared to the farther side.
As the moon passes over the Earth, since it has its own gravitational pull, it slightly lessens the force of the gravity on the Earth. The lessened gravity when the moon is over the oceans causes the ocean's surface to rise, so the tide goes in.
 
The gravity of the moon pulls on the oceans of the Earth, to help create the tides.
Contributor:
Emdrgreg
