 
Ocean Energy
The ocean can produce two types of energy: thermal energy from the sun's heat, and mechanical energy from the tides and waves.
Oceans cover more than 70% of Earth's surface, making them the world's largest solar collectors.    The sun's heat warms the surface water a lot more than the deep ocean water, and this temperature difference    creates thermal energy. Just a small portion of the heat trapped in the ocean could power the world.
Workers install equipment for an ocean thermal energy conversion experiment in 1994 at Hawaii's Natural Energy Laboratory.     Credit: A. Resnick, Makai Ocean Engineering, Inc.
Ocean thermal energy is used for many applications, including electricity generation. There are three types of electricity conversion systems: closed-cycle, open-cycle, and hybrid. Closed-cycle systems use the ocean's warm surface water to vaporize a working fluid,    which has a low-boiling point, such as ammonia. The vapor expands and turns a turbine. The turbine then activates a generator to produce electricity.    Open-cycle systems actually boil the seawater by operating at low pressures. This produces steam that passes through a turbine/generator. And hybrid    systems combine both closed-cycle and open-cycle systems.
Ocean mechanical energy is quite different from ocean thermal energy. Even though the sun affects all ocean activity, tides are driven primarily    by the gravitational pull of the moon, and waves are driven primarily by the winds. As a result, tides and waves are intermittent sources of energy,    while ocean thermal energy is fairly constant. Also, unlike thermal energy, the electricity conversion of both tidal and wave energy usually involves    mechanical devices.
A barrage (dam) is typically used to convert tidal energy into electricity by forcing the water through turbines, activating a generator.    For wave energy conversion, there are three basic systems: channel systems that funnel the waves into reservoirs; float systems that    drive hydraulic pumps; and oscillating water column systems that use the waves to compress air within a container. The mechanical power created    from these systems either directly activates a generator or transfers to a working fluid, water, or air, which then drives a turbine/generator.
