Malolo kai e! Malolo kai e!
Tide is not high! Tide is not high!
Said of threatening disaster. Robbers once lived at a place in Wai‘anae now known as Malolo-kai. Their spies watched for travelers to kill and rob. When there were only a few that could be easily overcome, the spies cried, "Low tide!" which meant disaster for the travelers. But if there were too many to attack, the cry was, "High tide!"
– Hawaiian saying
Hawai‘i's semi-diurnal tidal cycle is characterized by two high waters and   two low waters of each tidal day. Along the Wai‘anae coast, this tidal regime   results in changing current patterns. During normal trade wind conditions on   a rising or flood tide, current flow is from the northwest toward the southeast,   parallel to the coastline, with a velocity of about 1 knot (Bienfang and Brock   1980). This current reverses during falling or ebb tide conditions, flowing   from the southeast to northwest at somewhat higher velocities, about 1.5 knots.
Typical tidal cycle from Honolulu, Hawai‘i.
Source: NOAA Center for Oceanographic Products and Services
The mass of the Hawaiian Islands interacts with large-scale trade-wind conditions   and ocean currents. This interaction causes winds and currents to slow and   create calmer areas on the leeward sides of each island, known as Hawai‘i's   wake. Water movement along the Wai‘anae coast is influenced by these   regional oceanographic phenomena, which create eddies, or swirls of water,   where marine larvae and fish tend to concentrate. The existence of a warm-water   countercurrent flowing from Asia toward the Hawaiian Islands has been attributed   to Hawai‘i's   wake (National Aeronautics and Space Administration [NASA] 2002), resulting from the interaction between the islands and regional   current and trade-wind conditions ( see   figure ).
References Cited
Bienfang, P.K., and R.E. Brock. 1980. Predevelopment Reconnaissance of the Water Quality and Macrobiota Conditions Affronting the West Beach Coastline, Oahu, Hawaii. Technical Report Submitted to Environmental Communications, Inc.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). 2002. Hawaii's Wake. http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2002/10apr_hawaii.htm
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). 2004. National Tidal Datum Epoch 1983-2001 Update. National Ocean Service Center for Operational Oceanographic Products and Services. http://www.co-ops.nos.noaa.gov/datum_update.shtml
Related References
Flament, P., S. Kennan, R. Lumpkin, M. Sawyer, and E.D. Stroup. 1996. Ocean Atlas of Hawaii. Department of Oceanography, School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology, University of Hawaii. http://radlab.soest.hawaii.edu/atlas/
Pukui, M.K. 1983. ‘Olelo No‘eau: Hawaiian Proverbs and Poetical Sayings. Bishop Museum Press. Honolulu, HI.
URS, Inc. 1973. Marine Environmental Impact Assessment Report, Kahe Point Facility, Oahu Hawaii. URS 7220-03. Prepared for the Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 280 pp.
