Waning gibbous (the moon is becoming less visible)
Third quarter (the moon has completed
of its journey)
Tides
What is a tide?
In relation to this chapter, 'tide' is used to describe the change in sea level as a result of the gravitational pull of the moon and the sun. Though the sun has a far greater gravitation pull than the moon, the moon has a greater effect on ocean tides. This is because the moon is much closer than the sun to the Earth.
A tide is the change in sea levels in any given place over a period of time. The time between high tides is about 12 hours and 24-30 minutes. A high tide is when the water level is at its maximum. A low tide is when the water level is at its minimum. The difference between the high tide and low tide is called the tidal range. See video 'What is a tide?'
How do tides work?
See Animation
Ocean tides are largely a result of the moon's gravitational pull on the Earth. The sun also has a slight effect on tides, which will be further discussed as neap and spring tides.
When the moon is over Australia, water on the Earth is pulled towards the Moon. This causes a 'bulge' of water to form on this side of the planet. This is a high tide. As the Moon moves away from over Australia, the bulge subsides on this side of the planet. This is a low tide. The Earth's rotation relative to the moon's orbit causes this bulge to move across the surface of the Earth.
When the moon is over Australia, this side of the planet is not the only place experiencing high tide. Areas directly on the other side of the planet are also experiencing high tide. This is caused by the moon's pull on the Earth itself. The planet as a whole is affected by the Moon's gravity, but the water on the far side of the Earth is not as strongly affected. This creates the second bulge. See Image 3
Spring tides
During a full moon or a new moon, the sun, moon and Earth all form a direct line. The extra gravitational force of the sun working with the moon causes differences between tidal levels to be greater than usual. This is called a spring tide. Spring tides are not named for the season, and happen throughout the year. See Image 4
Neap tides
During a quarter moon (both first and third quarter), the sun and the moon are at a right angle to each other, with the Earth at the point of the angle. The gravitational force of the sun working against the moon causes differences between tidal levels to be less than usual. This is called a neap tide. See Image 5
Tidal fluctuations
Tides are not the same in every place around the world. This has to do with various factors such as ocean floor topography, shape of continents and type of coastlines, ocean currents, wave power, and the size of that area of the ocean. Tides also occur in lakes, rivers and other bodies of water, but changes are usually very minimal.
Other Chapters
