Appendex: Current Charts
Introduction
The twice daily changes in water levels (usually just called the tides) are caused by the gravitational pull of the moon and sun. The changes in water levels in turn generate tidal currents in the Bay which change direction twice a day. These tidal currents form a complex network and can change speed and direction in less than a hundred feet. While most of the water in the Bay flows in from the Ocean as the tide rises and out to the Ocean as it falls, many small currents or eddies flow in the opposite direction. In contrast, currents in the open ocean are generated by the temperature difference between the equator and poles (in conjunction with winds), and by the rotation of the earth. They are hundreds of miles across and extend for thousands of miles, forming giant loops that carry much of the heat from the equatorial belt to the colder regions of the earth. These currents take years, sometimes thousands of years, to change significantly.
Rowers are interested in water turbulence as well as the velocity of a current. However, both turbulence and local velocity depend on the detailed geometry of the shoreline and the bottom of the Bay, as well as the average velocity of the current. While the current charts prepared by NOAA provide an essential framework, they do not contain all the detail a rower would like. Thus, much of the knowledge desired must be gained by experience. Sharing experiences between rowers can be very useful, since a complete understanding of the effects of currents along a route requires rowing that route during many different conditions. However, for rowing experiences to form a useful pattern, they must be correlated with the times and magnitudes of the currents.
Most tide tables gives only the times and magnitudes of high and low water levels, but some also describe the averge tidal currents, e.g. TideLogs, which is on the counter of the Open Water Rowing Center. Tables of predicted tide heights and currents for many locations are availible from NOAA at: http://tidesonline.nos.noaa.gov/
beginning of essay
The tidal force is the gravitational pull of moon and sun
The moon is much less massive than the sun but it is much closer to the earth. In this case distance trumps mass and the effect of the moon on tides is about 2.5 times as great as that of the sun. Directly under the moon the ocean bulges upward, and less intuitively, there is also a bulge on the opposite side of the earth [ explanation ]. As the earth rotates around its axis each day, the two bulges of water  move around the earth causing the tides.
There are typically two high and two low tides per day. However, the moon orbits the earth about once every 29 days in the same direction the earth rotates about its axis. Thus, each day the moon is at the same angle above the horizon a little later. The time for the moon to appear to return to the same relative position in the sky is called  a lunar day, which has an average value of 24 hours and 50 minutes. Thus, corresponding high and low tides also come about one hour later each day, and some days there are only three high and low tides.
The axis of the earths daily rotation is inclined about 23 degrees to the plane of its annual rotation around the sun. At the latitude of San Francisco (38 degrees North), the tilt of the earths axis causes the sun to appear high in the sky at noon during summer and low at noon in winter, generating the (solar) seasons. The moon rotates around the earth in approximately the same plane that the earth orbits the sun, thus there are also lunar seasons seen as changes in elevation of the moon above the horizon at noon of each lunar day. However, the four lunar seasons occur during a 29 as compared to a 365-day period for the solar seasons.
The figure on the left shows the position of the moon during a lunar winter for San Francisco, which I used illustrators license to indicate as a green island on the blue ocean. The circular dashed line indicates sea level if there was no moon, the horizontal dark blue bulges indicate high tides, and the vertical lighter zone around the middle of the earth marks the low tide. The pull of the moon has distorted the surface of the water to form a blunt football, an ellipsoid. In San Francisco, we would experience a modest high tide, a low tide, a large high tide, and a second low tide equal to the first one. A daily tidal pattern with unequal highs or lows is called mixed.
About seven days later the moon has moved a quarter of the way around the earth to create a lunar fall, as illustrated in the figure on the right. Now there are two equal high and two equal low tides at San Francisco. This tidal pattern is called semi-diurnal.
While the moon exerts the greater tidal force, the sun still has a significant effect. When moon and sun are pulling either in the same direction (new moon), or opposite directions (full moon), the gravitational forces are simply additive. However, when the moon and sun are at right angles to the earth (quarter phases of the moon), the situation is more complicated. The smaller tidal bulges from the sun partially cancel the bulges from the moon, and the lows from the sun subtract from the highs from the moon. Thus, both low and high tides can be unequal. In extreme situations only one high and one low tide each day may be apparent, a diurnal tidal pattern.
To complicate matters, the orbit of the earth around the sun is not actually a circle, but rather an elipse: in the winter the sun is closer to the earth than in summer, and the tides are thus more extreme. The orbits of the moon and sun are not exactly in the same plane, so variation in the angle between the two causes some variation in the direction and magnitude of the sum of the pulls of the two. While I hope the two diagrams and this discussion explain the general pattern of tides, I may have also convinced you that accurate prediction of the sum of the pulls of moon and sun on the earth is not for the faint of heart.
Response to tidal force depends on
shoreline and ocean bottom
If the earth was entirely covered by a deep ocean, the response to tidal force would be two tidal waves a few inches high that swept around the globe once each 25 hours. On the real earth these tidal waves sweep up against and away from the shorelines. The actual daily changes in sea level at shores around the world range from one to fifty feet , depending on the shape of shoreline and ocean bottom in the vicinity of that location.
Large tidal ranges are seen in areas where the ocean is confined, e.g. bays and the mouths of rivers. If the natural frequency at which water oscillates in the confined space is close to the tidal frequency (one cycle in 12.4 hours), or to a multiple of that frequency (two or more complete cycles in 12.4 hours), the water in the space will resonate with the tidal force and create large tides. The resonance of a system with a periodic force is illustrated by pushing a person in a swing. The best timing is to push at the same frequency as the swing moves when it is not pushed: its natural or resonate frequency. However, if you push at every second, or third, or forth swing, energy still builds up and the swing goes higher. If you push every 1.5 times the natural frequency, the swing will just jerk back and forth.
The shape of the bottom and shoreline not only influences the tidal range, it also can have a significant effect on the time of high and low tide. This is particularly true if the water mass shares a resonance with the tidal force or the water is shallow. Thus the times of high and low tides can differ by hours at locations that are only a hundred, or even a few tens of miles apart. The difference in time of high and low tides is called the phase of the tide.
The surface of the ocean also responds to changes in atmospheric pressure and winds. When a storm moves into a costal location the air pressure is usually low, which causes the water level to rise. If the wind is also blowing across the ocean toward land, water is pushed in that direction. This combination can cause the water level to rise several feet causing as much damage as the other effects of the storm. The storm tides are of course not regular and periodic, as are the gravitation tides.
In summary, while tidal forces can be accurately calculated and predicted from astronomical observation, the response of the ocean to those forces depends on the shape of the shore line and the topography of the ocean bottom. These factors are so complex that tides are predicted by making observations at a specific location over a period of many years and then correlating the levels with the known astronomical data.
beginning of essay
Setting and Using Tide Clocks
You can purchase clocks, particularly in marine equipment stores, that have a tide dial (like the one on the right). These purport to show the times of high and low tides (but not the levels). The principal is that the tide hand is geared differently than the hour hand, rotating it twice around the dial every lunar day, thus in synchrony with the tidal period.
The tide hand has to be set, independent from the time setting, because of course the tides at various locations occur at different times. The intuitive way to do this is to find the local tide times in a newspaper, tide book, or on the Internet, and set the clock. However, from the previous sections of this essay it is clear that the tides are not simply periodic, the low and high tide times and levels follow a more complex pattern. This creates two related questions.
1. Since the tide times are not simply periodic, it would be best to set the clock to a periodic "average tide" for the area. The times for the real tides would then be sometimes earlier and sometimes later than this "average tide" shown on the clock, but the error would be minimized. How does one find the times for this "average tide"?
2. When the clock is set to the "average tide", what are the sizes of the differences from the real tides?
The predicted tides at Sausalito for the year 2005 were obtained from NOAA and a linear (straight line) best fit to the data was obtained. The equation for this line were used to calculate "average" times for the tides (the actual times of the average tides are here , but best read on before taking the trouble to get them; they were calculated using a Perl program ).
As you see below it's not a pretty picture.
The vertical axis on this graph is the difference between times of the  real and average high and low tides.
This is a messy graph because there are so many points (about 4 per day, almost 1500 total).
The important conclusion is that many differences (more than 10 percent) are greater than 60 min, and a few are 120 min or greater.
Note that this is the graph for one location. In other locations the tide times will be more or less regular and thus a simple tide clock more or less accurate.
Now we know that tide clocks may only give an approximate time for high or low tides. However, let's soldier on and try to see if our knowledge of the origin of tides can avoid the work of calculating an average tide to set our clock by. The tide times should be the most simple when the moon and sun are pulling in the same direction, i.e. the full and new moons. Lets look at the first three months of the Sausalito tides to see more detail and also test this strategy.
Here I have shown the LOW tides as s red line, while the HIGH tides remain blue dots. The double lined arrows (at 10, 39, etc. days) indicate the times of the new moon, and the solid arrows (at 25, 54, etc. days) indicate the time of the full moon. Unfortunately, these times are not the times at which the real tides coincide with the "average" tide.
beginning of essay
Tidal currents
Tides are usually defined as changes in water level. However, the same force that cause the water level to go up and down also produces currents. It is not very useful to say that changes in water level cause currents or that currents cause changes in water level. Both are caused by the tidal force, and are thus related to each other, but in a complex way that is very dependent on the topology of the shore and ocean bottom. Tidal currents are even more dependent on the shape of the body of water than water levels are. In addition, currents, by their basic nature , are more complex than levels.
In open, deep ocean only a slight movement of water is associated with passage of the tidal bulges, and it would not be large enough to be called a current. On the other hand, currents in a constricted body of water, like a bay or a passage between islands and the mainland, often have velocities of many knots. Since currents depend so much of the shape of the shore and bottom, it is not very interesting or useful to discuss currents in a general and vague context. Instead, it is preferable to pick a specific location and describe the currents there as an example.
San Francisco Bay is a beautiful body of water, with many significant tidal currents. The Bay has a healthy maritime business and thus the tides and currents have been, and continue to be carefully studied. Many people visit San Francisco on business or pleasure and thus have a chance to see the bay themselves. Finally, I live on the Bay and row on its surface (mostly) several times a week. I am thus taking advice often given to authors, "write about something you know about" by picking San Francisco Bay as the example for a description of tidal currents.
San Francisco Bay
As it was 10,000 years ago --->
The Bay (122 W, 38 N), is on the West coast of the United States, in the State of California. It is the mouth of the Sacramento River and tributaries, which carry about half of the rain runoff from California into the Pacific Ocean. Until about 10,000 years ago the river flowed through a gently sloping valley and out into the Pacific Ocean through a narrow gorge, gradually cut through the costal range of hills as they were pushed up by tectonic forces.
As seen in the map to the right, there was essentially no bay at this time.
< --- As it is today
As the last glaciers melted, the valley floor sunk and the ocean filled it to create the present Bay, 50 miles long and 1 to 12 miles in width (with an area of 400 square miles). As would be expected from its origin, much of the Bay is shallow, especially at the Southern and Northern ends, and along the Eastern side. In addition, the Northern end of the Bay has been silted by huge amounts of silt and rocks washed down the Sacramento River during the gold mining days of the 19th century, when giant water jets were used in the foot hills of the Sierras to wash away top soil and expose gold deposits. The average depth of the Bay, excluding mud flats, is 20 feet. However, the exit to the Ocean, the Golden Gate, is quite deep, 300 feet at the middle. The exit channel is kept clean by the scouring action of tidal currents that often exceed 5 knots. Approximately 30 percent of the total water in the bay flows in and out of the Golden Gate twice a day.
The amount of fresh water flowing down the Sacramento River varies from about 300,000 cubic feet/sec during the spring to 3,000 cubic feet/sec during the fall. However, even during the spring the river flow is small compared to the flow due to tidal exchange.
Rivers create a bar as they flow into the ocean and deposit silt picked up from the upstream river bed. The bar of the Sacramento River starts a few miles outside the Golden Gate and extends over a crescent with a radius of about 30 miles. The water over the bar is quite shallow, for example 20 to 30 feet in the Northern sector, which is named Four Fathom Shoal (a fathom is 6 feet). A local name for this shoal is "The Potato Patch". During the second half of the 19th century small boats carried farm produce down the coast to the growing town of San Francisco. Potatoes were transported in bags on the exposed decks of these boats, and the rough water often dumped the potatoes overboard.
The small, rocky Farallon Islands, 30 miles West of the Golden Gate, mark the edge of the bar, for the ocean bottom drops to depths of many thousands of feet beyond this point. The water over the bar is called the Gulf of the Farallons.
Some of the most interesting tidal currents occur in the central part of the Bay, indicated by the small square in the map. Angel Island, a State Park, is in the upper right corner of this square.
