Tsunamis
Tides cause changes in the depth of the sea, and also produce oscillating currents known as tidal streams, making prediction of tides important for coastal navigation.
The strip of seashore that is submerged at high tide and exposed at low tide, the intertidal zone, is an important ecological product of ocean tides. The changing tide produced at a given location on the Earth is the result of the changing positions of the Moon and Sun relative to the Earth coupled with the effects of the rotation of the Earth and the local bathymetry (the underwater equivalent to topography or terrain).
Though the gravitational force exerted by the Sun on the Earth is almost 200 times stronger than that exerted by the Moon, the tidal force produced by the Moon is about twice as strong as that produced by the Sun.
The reason for this is that the tidal force is related not to the strength of a gravitational field, but to its gradient.
The field gradient decreases with distance from the source more rapidly than does the field strength; as the Sun is about 400 times further from the Earth than is the Moon, the gradient of the Sun's field, and thus the tidal force produced by the Sun, is weaker.
For more information about the topic Tide, read the full article at Wikipedia.org , or see the following related articles:
Tide pool — Tide pools (also tidal pools or rock pools) are rocky pools by the ocean that are filled with seawater. Tide pools can either be small and shallow or ...  >  read more
Sea level — Mean sea level (MSL) is the average (mean) height of the sea, with reference to a suitable reference surface. Defining the reference level, however, ...  >  read more
Estuary — An estuary is a semi-enclosed coastal body of water with one or more rivers or streams flowing into it, and with a free connection to the open sea. ...  >  read more
Quicksand — Quicksand is loose, water-logged soil that yields easily to weight or pressure. It can be formed when sand, silt, clay, or other grainy soil is ...  >  read more
Note: This page refers to an article that is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License . It uses material from the article Tide at Wikipedia.org. See the Wikipedia copyright page for more details.
Recommend this page on Facebook, Twitter,
and Google +1:
| More
Related Stories
Strong Earth Tides Can Trigger Earthquakes, UCLA Scientists Report (October 22, 2004) — Earthquakes can be triggered by the Earth's tides, UCLA scientists confirmed Oct. 21 in Science Express, the online journal of Science. Earth tides are produced by the gravitational pull of the ...  >  read more
Geologists Find That Tides Control Flow Of Antarctic Ice Streams (August 27, 2003) — The moon is often accused of causing lunacy, bringing on labor and transforming werewolves. Now it seems that in reality, the moon, through the tides, is responsible for the pattern of motion ...  >  read more
Ancient Tides Quite Different from Today -- Some Dramatically Higher, Some Lower (August 2, 2011) — The ebb and flow of the ocean tides, generally thought to be one of the most predictable forces on Earth, are actually quite variable over long time periods, in ways that have not been adequately ...  >  read more
Tidal Motion Influences Antarctic Ice Sheet (December 24, 2006) — New research into the way the Antarctic ice sheet adds ice to the ocean reveals that tidal motion influences the flow of the one of the biggest ice streams draining the West Antarctic Ice ...  >  read more
New Jersey Researchers Have an Eye on the Science of Hurricane Irene (August 25, 2011) — While residents along the New Jersey and New York coasts rush to the store for batteries and bottled water, scientists at Stevens Institute of Technology are heading to the laboratory to help predict ...  >  read more
Number of stories in archives: 44,032
Find with keyword(s):
Enter a keyword or phrase to search ScienceDaily's archives for related news topics,
the latest news stories, reference articles, science videos, images, and books.
 
