Top of Page
14. Why do Tsunami Warning Centers rely upon seismic data?
Seismic waves travel about 100 times faster than tsunami waves.  This means, we can detect and study the earthquake much more quickly than the tsunami itself.
Top of Page
15. What was the biggest earthquake ever recorded?
The largest recorded earthquake in the world was a magnitude 9.5 (Mw) in Chile on May 22, 1960.
Top of Page
16. Can earthquakes be predicted?
No. Neither the USGS nor any other scientists have ever predicted a major earthquake. They do not know how, and they do not expect to know how any time in the foreseeable future. However, based on scientific data, probabilities can be calculated for potential future earthquakes. For example, scientists estimate that over the next 30 years the probability of a major EQ occurring in the San Francisco Bay area is 67% and 60% in Southern California
Top of Page
17. What is a DART buoy?
DART systems consist of an anchored seafloor bottom pressure recorder and a companion moored surface buoy for real-time communications ( Gonzalez et.al, 1998 ). An acoustic link transmits data from the recorder on the seafloor to the surface buoy. The data are then relayed via a GOES satellite link to ground stations ( Milburn, et al., 1996 ), which send the data streams to NOAA's Tsunami Warning Centers, the National Data Buoy Center, and the Pacific Marine and Environmental Laboratory.  Additional information on the DART systems can be found at http://nctr.pmel.noaa.gov/Dart/
Top of Page
18. What is a tide station?
Tide gauges (aka: sea level gauges) are generally located on piers in harbors along coastlines throughout the world.  These are primarily used for monitoring the tides for navigation purposes, but the tsunami warning centers also rely upon this data to monitor sea level and determine whether tsunamis were generated for a given earthquake.
Top of Page
19. How do Tsunami Warning Centers use sea level data?
Sea level data are used to confirm the generation of a tsunami and to predict the tsunami hazard for locations where the waves have yet to strike.  They are critical to the Warning Centers' ability to provide timely and accurate tsunami watches, warnings and cancellations.
20. What are the natural warning signs for a tsunami?
Severe ground shaking from local earthquakes may cause tsunamis.
As a tsunami approaches shorelines, water may recede from the coast, exposing the ocean floor, reefs and fish.
Abnormal ocean activity, a wall of water, and an approaching tsunami create a loud "roaring" sound similar to that of a train or jet aircraft.
If you experience any of these phenomena, don't wait for official evacuation orders.  Immediately leave low-lying coastal areas and move to higher ground.
Top of Page
21. What should I do in the event of a tsunami warning?
If you are in school and you hear there is a tsunami warning, you should follow the advice of teachers and other school personnel.
If you are at home and hear there is a tsunami warning, you should make sure your entire family is aware of the warning. Your family should evacuate your house if you live in a tsunami evacuation zone. Move in an orderly, calm and safe manner to the evacuation site or to any safe place outside your evacuation zone. Follow the advice of local emergency and law enforcement authorities.
If you are at the beach or near the ocean and you feel the earth shake, move immediately to higher ground. DO NOT wait for a tsunami warning to be announced.  Stay away from rivers and streams that lead to the ocean as you would stay away from the beach and ocean if there is a tsunami. A tsunami from a local earthquake could strike some areas before a tsunami warning could be announced.
Tsunamis generated in distant locations will generally give people enough time to move to higher ground. For locally-generated tsunamis, where you might feel the ground shake, you may only have a few minutes to move to higher ground.
High, multi-story, reinforced concrete hotels are located in many low-lying coastal areas. The upper floors of these hotels can provide a safe place to find refuge should there be a tsunami warning and you cannot move quickly inland to higher ground. Local Civil Defense procedures may, however, not allow this type of evacuation in your area. Homes and small buildings located in low lying coastal areas are not designed to withstand tsunami impacts. Do not stay in these structures should there be a tsunami warning.
Offshore reefs and shallow areas may help break the force of tsunami waves, but large and dangerous waves can still be threat to coastal residents in these areas. Staying away fro all low-lying coastal areas is the safest advice when there is a tsunami warning.
Top of Page
22. What do I do if I am in a boat at sea or in a harbor during a tsunami?
Since tsunamis are imperceptible in the open ocean, do not return to port if you are at sea and a tsunami warning has been issued for your area.  Tsunamis can cause rapid changes in water level and unpredictable dangerous currents in harbors and ports. If there is time to move your boat or ship from port to a location where the water is more than 400 meters (1300 feet) deep, you should consider:
Most large harbors and ports are under the control of a harbor authority and/or a vessel traffic system.  Keep in contact with the authorities should a forced movement of vessels be directed.
Smaller ports may not be under the control of a harbor authority.  In this case, be sure you have enough time to move your vessel safely to deep water.  Small boat owners may find it safest to leave their boat at the pier and physically move to higher ground, particularly in the event of a locally-generated tsunami.  Severe weather conditions (rough seas outside of the harbor) could present a greater hazard to small boats, so physically moving yourself to higher ground may be the only option.
Damaging wave activity and unpredictable currents can affect harbors long after the initial tsunami impact on the coast.  Contact the harbor authority before returning to port to verify that conditions in the harbor are safe for navigation and berthing.
Top of Page
23. How is the Tsunami Warning System organized?
The world's tsunami warning systems are coordinated by the United Nations Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission (IOC) through the International Tsunami Information Centre (ITIC) .  More information on each tsunami warning system is available on their respective websites:
