May 12, 2011 at 7:54 am
Anonymous says:
The sad thing is everybody who is writing on this website knows nothing about these girls esp Nancy. Talk shit about the low lives that have nothing going on or the sluts that are sleeping with your boyfriends spreading stds around town and leave the people who don’t deserve the trash talk out of it. As far as Tony Parker give me a break Nik you wish this joke of a website would make half the money he does. You all need to go to church and get some Jesus in your poor pathedtic lives.
May 13, 2011 at 11:01 am
Anonymous says:
I know that these girls need to get over themselves. They forget where their roots are from a hole in the wall town called poteet. It’s good to be confident but before they got their gaps in their teeth fixed and before they got their bee stings enhanced people noticed them for who they were, being real and im assuming nice ladies. However even though they are beautiful girls with a nice fake tan pretty smile and fake boobs, ask your self ladies…what is even left on you to be considered yours much less REAL? Beauty is more than your outer appearance which if you keep tanning like you do you’ll be looking 50 in 10 years having to have a breast lift because gravity has been pullin on your saline filled babies. Lol. Girls there’s more to life than being the “usuals/groupie girls” at the clubs. I suggest you reevaluate what kind of image you’re putting out.
May 15, 2011 at 2:25 pm
vip all day! says:
Tp is bank, new day new hoes that’s just what this was. Like it or love it
Reply to vip all day!
July 11, 2011 at 2:45 pm
Oh Nancy..... says:
Nancy stole my bf over 10 years ago when she was like 14. lol… He liked her bc she would buy him things with her dads $…..
Funny stuff.
August 24, 2011 at 12:20 pm
Lo:) says:
Uuuum the blondes in that picture are all three amazing!!!! The twins are beautiful inside and out and the other blonde is my big sister! It amazes me how ignorant and stupid people are to put sh’t up on here! Jealous much??
