By Danity
Have you seen the Tony Parker text messages sent to his alleged mistress Erin Barry, San Antonio Spurs star Brent Barry’s wife?  Well, this whole Eva Longoria divorce saga is getting juicier by the minute.  Unfortunately, this alleged affair is going to hurt all parties involved.  Read more about the texts and see photos here!  You’re going to want to check this out!
The alleged Tony Parker text messages involving alleged mistress Erin Barry are said to be more than just texts from a “mutual friend”.  This mutual friend in Erin Barry is the wife of Parker’s former San Antonio Spurs’ teammate and supposedly things got more than “friendly” between the two.
Us Weekly is reporting that Parker’s wife Eva Longoria discovered tons of “personal” text messages sent between Parker and Barry, with hundreds being sent in just a month’s time.
Sports Illustrated magazine reporter Bryan Armen Graham posted the following via his Twitter page confirming the affair saying, “Have it on good authority from entertainment sources that “former teammate” in Tony Parker-Eva Longoria affair is Brent Barry.” He adds, “Don’t have much else on Parker/Longoria affair. Source did mention Barry and wife are going through a divorce.” He continues, “Longoria said she found text messages from wife of a former teammate on Parker’s phone. Source says former teammate was Barry.”
Ouch!
Check out the couple’s wedding photos here .
So could this be another Tiger-gate?  Mario Lopez, Eva’s close pal has reported that there is at least one other woman who Parker was allegedly involved with early on in the couple’s marriage.  Lopez stated, “She is devastated, she wants us all to know that.  But she’s strong.”
Read more about Tony’s first alleged affair here .
What do the alleged Tony Parker text messages to Erin Barry say?  We’ll keep you posted.
Photos:  Nikki Nelson/ www.wenn.com
This entry was posted on November 17, 2010 at 3:58 pm and is filed under Celebrity Scandal . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.
