BDN Moday Musings – Parker, Prospects, Recruiting, Offer, Men’s LAX discussed
By Mark Watson on April 23, 2012
There is a lot to talk about in this weeks Monday Musings column with concern to Duke Basketball, especially on the recruiting front.  As you already know, Duke made an offer to 6-10 forward Austin Nichols and that kicks off the AAU season. Speaking of the AAU season, Blue Devil Nation Recruiting Analyst, Andrew Slater [...]
BDN Premium – Duke Basketball Team and Recruiting Update
By Mark Watson on April 18, 2012
The Duke Blue Devils Men’s Basketball staff will be more than a little busy in the coming weeks as the open recruiting period gets into full swing. Two prospects in Amile Jefferson and Tony Parker have yet to make their decision but the focus will soon shift to the Class of 2013 and 2014. BDN [...]
The Last Honest Man In The Gym: Tom Konchalski
By Andrew Slater on April 10, 2012
Tom Konchalski has been evaluating high school basketball players for nearly forty years. In a business filled with fly-by-night operations, charlatans, non-athletes, and simpletons, he’s the exception. Mr. Konchalski is a disciplined, compassionate, learned man of faith who keeps his eyes open and his ears to the ground. In an age of social media, where [...]
Decisions loom large for Duke Basketball
By Mark Watson on April 5, 2012
Before Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski can map out how he will use his  2012-13 roster,  the dust has to clear on many looming decisions.  To mention that a lot is going on behind the scenes right now within the program is like being Captain Obvious.  The Blue Devils, like other schools, will meet with players individually where they’ll [...]
BDN Premium – Duke Basketball Team and Recruiting Update
By Mark Watson on April 1, 2012
Well, it’s that time of year again when AAU ball cranks up and for BDN that means we’ll be hitting several big events. Austin Rivers decision to sign with an agent and enter the NBA Draft wasn’t that big of a surprise to us and we all wish him luck. Rivers decision is the first [...]
Rasheed Sulaimon talks of his McDonald’s All American game experience
By Mark Watson on March 30, 2012
The Duke Blue Devils fan base is excited about Rasheed Sulaimon coming to Duke this coming season and he is excited as well.  BDN Premium caught up to Sulaimon yesterday, hot off his 18 point performance where he keyed the West squad to a win in the famed McDonald’s All American game.  Sulaimon, of course, [...]
Next »
BDN’s LATEST TWEETS
Blue Devil Nation is an independent site and is not affiliated with or endorsed by Duke University or its athletic programs.
