Project Spurs Posted 2 hours ago
... is a flashy, high-scoring guard who can provide an offensive punch for whichever team selects him tomorrow night much like San Antonio Spurs' Tony Parker. And it is Parker's style of play which River Continue Reading »
Big Easy Buzz Posted 3 hours ago
... yourself to in the NBA in terms of your style of play?A: I compare myself to Rondo with my passing skills, but with my all-around skills I would say Tony Parker because he’s fast and under control.Q: Continue Reading »
Welcome to Loud City Posted 4 hours ago
They have always been my most hated NBA team. I didn't like the Admiral, David Robinson, never liked Tim Duncan, don't like Tony Parker. I do have respect for Ginobili, and I like Stephen Jackson. But Continue Reading »
Peachtree Hoops Posted 4 hours ago
Ultimately though, with all of his choices still on the board, he punted the pick for a future pick. Tops on that list? Tony Parker, whom Babcock said they just didn't know if he could play at the NB Continue Reading »
ESPN Boston Posted 7 hours ago
Voting for the ESPYs started today, and Celtics point guard Rajon Rondo is a candidate in one of the categories.   Best NBA player (VOTE HERE) Kobe Bryant Kevin Durant LeBron James Kevin Love Tony Parker Rajon... Continue Reading »
Project Spurs Posted 8 hours ago
It's important to preface this entire column by saying I have no idea how bad Tony Parker's eye injury is. None of us will know until at least July 5 when Parker flies to New York and meets with an eye... Continue Reading »
Thunderous Intentions Posted 8 hours ago
[caption id="attachment_5568" align="aligncenter" width="650" caption="Mar. 27, 2012; Phoenix, AZ, USA; San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker falls to t... Continue Reading »
Bruins Nation Posted 8 hours ago
We hear conflicting rumors on his weight.  Regardless the key is if he starts getting in shape now for October great and, if not, Tony Parker will be getting a number of minutes with the "first" team Continue Reading »
Pounding the Rock Posted 1 day ago
But if any NBA team knows his game, it's the Spurs, since he happens to play for the team owned by one Tony Parker. Ilkan Karaman - Karsiyaka (Turkey) A 6'9" small forward who excels at rebounding, Ka Continue Reading »
New York Times Posted 1 day ago
Tony Parker says it's up to the Spurs and their doctors to decide whether he will play in the Olympics for France. Continue Reading »
Project Spurs Posted 1 day ago
The last time Jason Kidd was mentioned as a potential free agent target for the San Antonio Spurs was  in the 2003 offseason after Tony Parker underperformed against Kidd in the NBA Finals.Kidd was... Continue Reading »
SLC Dunk Posted 1 day ago
Always!" doctrine. Instead we got pounded deep and repeatedly by the San Antonio Spurs ' Tony Parker in HD, and the pieces fell to reward Mark Jackson's tanking philosophy and possibly make the hated Continue Reading »
Clips Nation Posted 1 day ago
14 and No. Spurs' Tony Parker could miss Olympics because of eye injury - latimes.com Source: Timberwolves set to offer contract to free agent Brandon Roy | 1500 ESPN Twin Cities – Minnesota Spo Continue Reading »
Silver Screen and Roll Posted 1 day ago
... as Heat claim their promised title | NBA.com NBA.COM - 2012 NBA Free Agent Tracker Forum Blue And Gold " Improving The Lakers Without A Major Trade Tony Parker's eye injury may cause him to miss the... Continue Reading »
Magic Basketblog Posted 1 day ago
He has good size and is lightning quick, able to get to the rim with ease with a fast first step.  “He’s got Tony Parker speed,” Kentucky coach John Calipari was quoted as saying on DraftExpress.com. Continue Reading »
Project Spurs Posted 1 day ago
San Antonio Spurs' Tony Parker has been in the headlines for all the wrong reasons lately and putting fans and Spurs' coaching staff in a state of worry. By now you know Parker injured his eye when... Continue Reading »
Doug Smith Posted 1 day ago
... I’ve had some fun late at night but I’m not an athlete and I don’t have things to worry about that they do) Anyway, I digress. It’s news that Tony Parker could conceivably miss the Olympics because... Continue Reading »
The Sports Bank Posted 1 day ago
Others like Joe Johnson, Jason Richardson, Shane Battier, Tyson Chandler, Gerald Wallace, Tony Parker and Gilbert Arenas were selected in that draft. However the 12 first round busts* (see below for d Continue Reading »
Bobcats consider trading No. 2 draft pick
Star-Telegram Posted 1 day ago
... Anthony Davis.Parker's eye injuryAfter almost losing his left eye in a nightclub brawl this month in New York City, San Antonio point guard Tony Parker might miss playing for the French team in the... Continue Reading »
New York Times Posted 1 day ago
N.B.A. star Tony Parker may miss the London Olympics after almost losing his eye in a fight involving singer Chris Brown and members of hip-hop star Drake’s entourage. Continue Reading »
direct buzz »
