Getty Images More Tony Parker pics
Why is He famous
This three-time NBA champion began adding a dash of je ne sais quoi to the league in 2001 when he made his heavily hyped debut with the San Antonio Spurs. He has since been named to three All-Star teams and recently received a lucrative four-year, $50 million extension to remain in the River City with his teammates Tim Duncan and Manu Ginobili. “It’s home here,” he says. “I love being with Timmy and Manu. I’m happy to keep the adventure going with them.”
Unfortunately for Parker, he's spent more time in the news recently, thanks to his split with Eva Longoria .
Tony Parker Quote
" The day when I am satisfied with what I have, will be the day I retire from the sport."
82 Magnetism
Tony Parker is one of a handful of athletes who’s just as likely to appear in People magazine as he is in Sports Illustrated. This ruggedly handsome point guard made his debut in the publication in 2003 when he was included in its annual roundup of the 50 Most Beautiful People on the planet. He has since become a mainstay in gossip rags around the world following his highly publicized split with his wife of three years, Eva Longoria.
The Desperate Housewives star officially filed for a divorce on November 17, 2010, after discovering hundreds of sultry text messages -- Tiger Woods / Elin Nordegren style -- between Parker and the wife of his former Spurs teammate Brent Barry, Erin Barry. It’s unclear when their affair began, but it is clear that Longoria will no longer be occupying her courtside seats at San Antonio’s AT&T Center. In the meantime, Parker has pledged to do his best to keep his mind on his job. “It’s a difficult time for me and Eva,” he admits, "But I’m having great support from my teammates and my coaches. I’m focused 100 percent on the Spurs and trying to win basketball games.”
86 Success
Tony Parker has never measured success in terms of his scoring average or league-wide popularity. That’s why this fleet-footed floor general doesn’t get dismayed when some observers fail to show him the respect he deserves. "When there is talk about the best point guards, sometimes they don't talk about me,” he says. “But that's not my main motivation. They can talk about Jason Kidd, Steve Nash , Deron Williams, and Chris Paul. I still have the most rings."
That’s not the only thing Parker has corned the market on. Since arriving in the NBA in 2001, this fearless Frenchman has led San Antonio to nine consecutive 50-win seasons, five division titles, three conference titles, and three NBA championships. Along the way he’s also become the first European point guard to earn All-NBA honors and the first European ever to win the NBA Finals MVP award. “I'm not complaining,” he says. “I've been very blessed, very blessed.”
Tony Parker Biography
Tony Parker has been obsessed with playing in the NBA for as long as he can recall. The eldest of three boys, this speedy point guard would wake up at 3:00 a.m. to watch NBA playoff games while growing up in France. Those early morning glimpses of Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen filled his head for the rest of the day as he spent countless hours playing pickup games and working on his jump shot.
tony parker signs his first contract
Tony Parker’s dedication began paying dividends by 1997 when he signed his first contract with Centre Federal, a team in France's burgeoning Nationale 2 league. The young floor general led the team to a 16-14 record in his first season and earned a call-up to the Nationale 1 league the following year where he once again blew by opponents with his devastating first step.
tony parker becomes a star for paris basket racing
Tony Parker changed teams again in 1999 when he joined Paris Basket Racing as a backup to legendary French guard Laurent Sciarra. The club brought Parker along slowly at first, but he proved to be a major asset down the stretch as he averaged 5.8 points and 1.8 assists per game in the European Cup. His heady play and game-changing speed earned him an invitation that summer to the Nike Hoop Summit in Indianapolis, where his dominance of future NBA stars Darius Miles, Chris Duhon and Zach Randolph prompted a major recruiting war among some of America’s top universities.
Parker briefly flirted with the idea of attending Georgia Tech or UCLA before deciding to return to France to play another season with Paris Basket Racing. It proved to be a wise decision as he seized the starting point guard position at the beginning of training camp and went on to average 14.7 points, 5.6 assists, 2.7 rebounds, and 2.3 steals per game for the duration of the 2000-2001 season.
tony parker is named to the nba’s all-rookie first team
Tony Parker came one step closer to fulfilling a lifelong dream in June of 2001, when he was selected by the San Antonio Spurs with the 28th pick in the NBA Draft. The young Frenchman couldn’t have asked for a more ideal scenario as the team was coming off a successful 58-win campaign and already had two of the top men in the league in perennial all-stars David Robinson and Tim Duncan.
Parker’s ability to push the tempo brought out the best in both stars and together they led the Spurs to another 58-win season and an appearance in the Western Conference Semifinals. Parker’s accomplishments were recognized following the season when he was named to the NBA’s All-Rookie First Team along with fellow international players Pau Gasol and Andrei Kirilenko.
tony parker wins his first nba championship
Tony Parker improved across the board in his sophomore season by averaging 15.5 points and 5.3 assists per game while leading the Spurs to their first 60-win season in nine years. His ability to penetrate and finish around the rim made San Antonio the most dangerous team in the league and they captured their second NBA title in franchise history that spring by defeating Jason Kidd and the New Jersey Nets in six games.
tony parker guides the spurs to another 50-win season
Tony Parker enjoyed another excellent season in 2003-2004 as he averaged 14.7 points and 5.5 assists while leading the red-hot Spurs to a 57-25 record. Unfortunately, San Antonio was unable to maintain their momentum in the postseason and they lost to the eventual champion Los Angeles Lakers in the Western Conference Semifinals.
tony parker wins his second nba championship
Tony Parker had the finest year of his young career in 2004-2005 as he averaged 16.6 points and 6.1 assists per game while leading the Spurs to a stellar 59-23 record. As good as he was in the regular season, he was even better in the playoffs, averaging 17.2 points per game while helping the Spurs topple the Detroit Pistons in seven hard-fought games to win their third NBA Championship.
tony parker is named to his first nba all-star team
Tony Parker returned with a vengeance in 2005-2006. His career-best 18.9 scoring average was tops on the Spurs and he was invited to that year’s NBA All-Star Game, where he chipped in 8 points and 4 assists against the league’s elite. Unfortunately, the 63-19 Spurs came up short in the playoffs, losing to the upstart Dallas Mavericks in the Western Conference Semifinals.
tony parker wins his third nba championship
Tony Parker dismissed concerns about San Antonio’s aging roster by putting the team on his back throughout the 2006-2007 campaign. The point guard was especially brilliant in the postseason as he averaged 20.8 points and 5.8 assists per game while guiding the Spurs to a four-game sweep of LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers. Parker was subsequently named the 2007 Finals MVP, making him the first European player to ever win the award.
tony parker receives a $50 million extension
The Spurs have yet to make it back to the NBA Finals, but the blame can hardly be placed upon Tony Parker. The fleet-footed Frenchman averaged 18.9 points and 6.2 assists per game from 2007-2010 and he even made history during the 2008-2009 season when he became the first European-born point guard to earn All-NBA honors. The Spurs recently rewarded Parker for his sustained brilliance by giving the 28-year-old star a four-year, $50 million extension.
