Monday, June 6, 2011 | 11:58 p.m.
Robin Leach's Vegas DeLuxe
Check out VegasDeLuxe.com for more celebrity and arts and entertainment coverage.
Cashman Photography
Mark Ballas at Jabbawockeez in Monte Carlo.
Aaron Garcia/9 Group
Scott Jorgensen, Criss Angel and Anthony Pettis at Ghostbar.
Bryan Steffy
Nicole Murphy, Michael Strahan and Yolanda Braddy at Blush.
Congratulations to superstar entertainer Barry Manilow, who celebrated his 100th performance at the Paris by taking his background singers, band and several friends to Chateau Nightclub & Gardens, also at the Paris, and then onto Tryst at the Wynn. … Dancing With the Stars pro dancer and two-time champion Mark Ballas attended Jabbawockeez’s MUS.I.C. at the Monte Carlo, where he was pulled onstage in the improv section to the delight of the cheering audience.
George Maloof’s Palms was a magnet for visiting celebrities, with Shameless star Laura Wiggins partying with four friends at a Palms Pool & Bungalow cabana, then dinner at Nove Italiano and dancing at Moon. Mindfreak magician Criss Angel joined UFC fighter Anthony Pettis’ after-fight party at Ghostbar after The Ultimate Fighter 13 finale at The Pearl in the Palms. (Anthony was defeated by Clay Guida). UFC President Dana White dined at N9NE Steakhouse, where George sent him a platter of every dessert in the kitchen before joining off-color commentator Joe Rogan at Moon. Clay and his family and Michael Cera also were at N9NE, while Penn Jillette dined at Nove.
Nicole Murphy celebrated her Friendship, Love and Peace jewelry show at Blush in the Wynn, where she handed out gift bags to surprised bachelorettes. Nicole was with her fiance, retired NFL star Michael Strahan, partying with 15 friends. … Harland Williams watched Blue Man Group at the Venetian. America’s Got Talent magician Murray Sawchuck took a break from filming Pawn Stars to catch the sun at Club Nikki at the Tropicana.
Actress Allison Janney was at The Library at Marquee in the Cosmopolitan, while skateboard phenomenon Ryan Sheckler of MTV’s The Life of Ryan took in the sounds of DJ Sander Van Doorn from a VIP table on the dance floor. … At Lavo in the Palazzo, I just missed San Antonio Spurs star Tony Parker partying with friends. Ugly Betty actress America Ferrera partied at a VIP table, while two-time DWTS pro champion Cheryl Burke was at another.
Robin Leach has been a journalist for more than 50 years and has spent the past decade giving readers the inside scoop on Las Vegas, the world’s premier platinum playground.
Follow Robin Leach on Twitter at Twitter.com/Robin_Leach .
Follow Vegas DeLuxe on Twitter at Twitter.com/vegasdeluxe .
Follow VDLX Editor Don Chareunsy on Twitter at Twitter.com/VDLXEditorDon .
