NBA Skills Challenge Voting Starts Today
The Taco Bell sponsored Skills Challenge is one of the many fun event competitions that takes place during All-Star Weekend. The Skills Challenge is a competition amongst guards, and is timed with the winner having accomplished all the skills with the lowest clocked time. This year marks the first year fans get to vote in the “Choose Your Squad” program. Three finalists are chosen to compete against Chris Paul who has already been chosen as the spokesman of the program. The contestants include Derek Fisher of the Los Angeles Lakers, Tyreke Evans of the Sacramento Kings, Baron Davis of the Los Angeles Clippers, Tony Parker of the San Antonio Spurs, Stephen Curry from the Golden State Warriors, Derrick Rose from the Bulls, rookie John Wall from the Washington Wizards, and Russell Westbrook from the Oklahoma City Thunder. To take part in the voting, go to NBA.com/ChooseYourSquad . Voting closes February 15th.
Brent Barry’s Divorce Officially Finalized
Brent Barry , Tony Parker’s former San Antonio Spurs teammate, is officially divorced from wife of 13 years, Erin Barry . Erin Barry denied accusations that she had any sort of sexual relationship with Tony Parker that resulted in the demise of both couples’ marriages. According to court documents, Brent and Erin will share joint custody of their children, and alternate holidays and annual events yearly. The couple had signed a pre-nuptial agreement, which will determine how they divide up their belongings, but those terms are confidential.
In the meantime, Tony Parker and Eva Longoria’s divorce is still pending in two different states.
Bing.com Search Results For 2010 Show Tiger Woods Was Third Most Searched Term
Bing.com , Microsoft’s search engine, released their list of the top searched terms for 2010. We have some information regarding what terms were most searched in the world of sports. It’s no secret that the drama stirred up by LeBron James , Tiger Woods , Brett Favre , and Tony Parker created a whirlwind of media attention for the sportsmen. Tiger Woods, according to Bing.com ‘s search results, got the most attention. He was ranked third overall for most searched terms in 2010.
Not surprisingly, the New York Yankees were the most searched MLB team, and the Dallas Cowboys the most searched of NFL teams. The LA Lakers were not only the top ranked NBA team in terms of search results, they were the only NBA team that showed up on the list of overall teams searched on Bing.com. LeBron James was the second most searched athlete, with Tony Romo , Tom Brady , and Brett Favre following him in the line-up of the top 5. The movie The Blind Side drew some attention to the football player the movie was based on, Michael Oher was the eleventh most searched athlete.
Thank you to Bing.com for the information.
Photo: PAPSFIRST/ Splash News
Erin Barry Denies Relations With Tony Parker
The supposed cause of the dissolution of marriage between not only Tony Parker and Eva Longoria but Brent and Erin Barry may not be as was suspected. Many have reported that an affair between Erin Barry and Tony Parker caused the divorce of the two couples. Erin Barry posted this statement on her website :
I DID NOT HAVE AN AFFAIR WITH TONY PARKER, nor did I “pursue” Tony Parker. Unfortunately, because our divorces are occurring at the same time, great speculation has been cast on our friendship. My friendship with Tony Parker had nothing to do with the end of my marriage (which is painful enough without this added drama), and to assume that we had an affair is naïve, ridiculous, and completely misguided.
So, what do you think? Did she cheat? If it’s not true, why hasn’t Tony Parker released a statement denying it?
Photo: JCalderon / Splash News
Tony & Eva Meet In LA
San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker and actress Eva Longoria reunited in Los Angeles on Wednesday for lunch, just two weeks after the actress filed divorce from her basketball playin’ husband.
Tony and Eva met at a LA hotel, Tony’s Spurs are in town because they are playing the Los Angeles Clippers tonight.
Wonder what kind of conversation these two had… no lawyers were present.
