 
Biography of Tony Parker
William Anthony "Tony" Parker, II (born May 17, 1982(1982-05-17) (birth time source: birth certificate n° 929, André Dekoster)) is a French National Basketball Association (NBA) player with the San Antonio Spurs and captain of France's national basketball team. After playing for two years in the French basketball league, Parker entered the 2001 NBA Draft and was selected by the San Antonio Spurs. He quickly became their starting point guard, helping the Spurs win three NBA Championships. Parker has been selected as an NBA All-Star twice and was the 2007 NBA Finals MVP. He married Desperate Housewives actress Eva Longoria on 6 July 2007 in a civil ceremony with a lavish religious ceremony to follow on 7 July 2007.
Early life
Parker was born in Bruges, Belgium, but raised in France. His father, Tony Parker Sr., an African-American, played basketball at Loyola University Chicago, as well as professionally overseas. His mother, Pamela Firestone, was a Dutch model. Parker enjoyed close relationships with his brothers and together they would often attend his father's basketball games. At first, Parker was more interested in soccer, but after watching the evolution of Michael Jordan into a global basketball superstar, he changed his mind.
Parker was surrounded by basketball. His two younger brothers, T.J. and Pierre, would go on to play basketball at professional and college levels, respectively. As he built his skill, his lack of size (notwithstanding a growth spurt at 15) decided his position on-court. He played the point guard position, recognizing that his speed and agility made this station ideal for him. He was eventually talent-spotted and asked to attend the National Institute for Sports and Physical Education in Paris. After playing in the French minors for two seasons, Parker turned professional and signed with Paris Basket Racing in 1999. He then played two years with Racing in the French championship before entering the 2001 NBA Draft.
Off the court
Family life
Parker's parents continue to remain influential in his life even after their divorce. His mother, a health-food coach, gives him tips on healthy eating, while he discusses his performance after each game with his father over the phone.
Parker is currently married to actress Eva Longoria, who is 7 years his senior. After announcing their their engagement on 30 November 2006, they were wedded in France on July 6, 2007 (7/6/7). Parker quoted during the 2007 NBA All-Star Game that "Eva is doing everything, I'm just going to show up and say yes." Longoria, a Texas native from nearby Corpus Christi, is a courtside regular at Spurs home games.
Philanthropy
In the field of philanthropy, Parker donates a block of 20 tickets for each home game to underprivileged youth. Parker is also the first ambassador for Make-A-Wish France. The Foundation is a non-profit organization that grants wishes to children with life-threatening medical conditions. On his personal website, Parker states: "I already knew Make-A-Wish as it is very famous around the world and I have previously taken part in the granting of wishes by meeting children and their families. I decided to commit to working with Make-A-Wish France when I understood the true dedication there and I realised that I could help to grant as many wishes as possible."
Other interests
Parker is an avid fan of hip-hop music and rap. He has released a French hip-hop album with producer Polygrafic (Sound Scientists). The first single from the album Top of the Game, featuring rapper Fabolous and Booba, was released in March 2007. The accompanying video features Spurs team mates Robert Horry, Tim Duncan and Brent Barry, as well as former teammate Nazr Mohammed.
Parker was also involved in the Paris bid for the 2012 Summer Olympics. His reaction to London's successful bid was: "I don't know what else we could have done. If we don't have it now, I guess we will never get it. The IOC seems to be very pro-Anglo-Saxon. I feel extremely gutted."
Trivia
Parker and fellow French NBA star, Boris Diaw, are long-time friends and former roommates.
Parker is also good friends with F.C. Barcelona star Thierry Henry.
Display the full biography...
Numerology: Birth Path of Tony Parker
This paragraph begins with a few excerpts of the astrological portrait which analyses several features of the personality of Tony Parker, from a numerological view, dealing only with the life path.
Testimonies to numerology are found in the most ancient civilizations and show that numerology pre-dates astrology. This discipline considers the name, the surname, and the date of birth, and ascribes a meaning to alphabetic letters according to the numbers which symbolise them.
The path of life, based on the date of birth, provides indications on the kind of destiny which one is meant to experience. It is one of the elements that must reckoned with, along with the expression number, the active number, the intimacy number, the achievement number, the hereditary number, the dominant numbers or the lacking numbers, or also the area of expression, etc.
Your Birth Path:
Your Life Path is influenced by the number 6, Tony, and indicates a destiny marked with an intense desire for love, conciliation, and harmony. You feel driven by an ideal of perfection which brings about responsible behaviour and devotion to a group, a family, or a homeland... At times, your thirst for balance prompts you to adopt intransigent, even tyrannical attitudes, which is the other side of the coin for your constant concern for equity and justice which is sometimes disappointed by the blunt reality. You undeniably demonstrate devotion to your parents or your spouse, which is a sign that your family life is harmonious. In this field, owing to your sense of duty, you are a reliable person. Your balance depends on a harmonious life and on your capacity to make the good choices. It is on these conditions that your qualities can fully bloom: creativity, altruism, personal radiance...
Tony Parker was born under the sign of the Dog, element Water
Chinese astrology is brought to us as a legacy of age-old wisdom and invites us to develop an awareness of our inner potential. It is believed that the wise man is not subjected to stellar influences. However, we must gain the lucidity and the distance without which we remain locked up in an implacable destiny. According to the legend of the Circle of Animals, Buddha summoned all the animals to bid them farewell before he left our world. Only twelve species answered Buddha's call. They form the Chinese Zodiac and symbolize the twelve paths of wisdom that are still valid nowadays.
The Asian wise man considers that a path is neither good nor bad. One can and must develop one's potentialities. The first step is to thoroughly know oneself.
You belong to the category of reliable people, true to their principles as well as loyal to their friends. You try to organize your life settings. If you are not concerned with the disorder that is external to your private sphere, everything related to your personality and your environment must be in order.
Therefore, you are a perfectionist by nature, but you are also anxious and meticulous to an exaggerate point: you enjoy discussing details, analyzing and criticizing everything. Your concern is to keep your realm under control, which implies a fair amount of modesty and some distance.
The Dog is aware of his limits and he prefers to stick to what he masters rather than being tempted by some exceedingly adventurous conquest. But the capacity to control your realm constitutes an obvious asset, an extraordinary driving force favouring your evolution. As one contents oneself with doing well in the field which one thoroughly masters, one can go far, very far...
Methodically - sometimes with your own method - you allow the dust to settle, you purify, using a process of elimination, until the essentials only remain. You may be lacking ambition. It does not matter! You leave panache and veneer to other people and you take up challenges in your unique way, with discretion, moderation, modesty or reserve.
Chinese astrology has five elements, which are referred to as agents: Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal and Water.
You have a deep affinity with the agent Water. In China, this element corresponds to the planet Mercury, the black colour and the number 6.
You are particularly sensitive to your surroundings, the atmosphere of a place and the climate of a meeting. Your high receptivity allows you to perceive naturally the stakes underlying people and situations.
You are reserved by nature, you favour emotions and inner life, leaving challenges and audacity to other people. You frequently maintain a certain distance and you share your true feelings with few intimate friends only. It is probably because you know that genuine communication is a difficult exercise.
Everything in your realm is sheer subtlety and nuance. The danger is that you may escape realities and indulge in indolence without fulfilling your responsibilities. This is the other side of the coin of your extraordinary sensitivity and your exceptional clear-sightedness.
You feel in tune with few people. However, this selectivity forges relationships that are long-lasting because they are natural and genuine.
Astrological portrait of Tony Parker (excerpt)
Introduction
Here are some character traits from Tony Parker's birth chart. This description is far from being comprehensive but it can shed light on his/her personality, which is still interesting for professional astrologers or astrology lovers.
In a matter of minutes, you can get at your email address your  astrological portrait (approximately 32 pages), a much more comprehensive report than this portrait of of Tony Parker.
The dominant planets of Tony Parker
When interpreting a natal chart, the best method is to start gradually from general features to specific ones. Thus, there is usually a plan to be followed, from the overall analysis of the chart and its structure, to the description of its different character traits.
In the first part, an overall analysis of the chart enables us to figure out the personality's main features and to emphasize several points that are confirmed or not in the detailed analysis: in any case, those general traits are taken into account. Human personality is an infinitely intricate entity and describing it is a complex task. Claiming to rapidly summarize it is illusory, although it does not mean that it is an impossible challenge. It is essential to read a natal chart several times in order to absorb all its different meanings and to grasp all this complexity. But the exercise is worthwhile.
In brief, a natal chart is composed of ten planets: two luminaries, the Sun and the Moon, three fast-moving or individual planets, Mercury, Venus and Mars, two slow-moving planets, Jupiter and Saturn, and three very slow-moving planets, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto. Additional secondary elements are: the Lunar Nodes, the Dark Moon or Lilith, Chiron and other asteroids such as Vesta, Pallas, Ceres or Juno. There are also special features such as the Arabic Parts, the Vertex, the Black Sun, hypothetical planets, etc. They are all posited on the Zodiac wheel consisting of twelve signs, from Aries to Pisces, and divided into twelve astrological houses.
The first step is to evaluate the importance of each planet. This is what we call identifying the dominant planets. This process obeys rules that depend on the astrologer's sensitivity and experience but it also has precise and steady bases: thus, we can take into account the parameters of a planet's activity (the number of active aspects a planet forms, the importance of each aspect according to its nature and its exactness), angularity parameters; (proximity to the four angles, Ascendant, Midheaven, Descendant and Imum Coeli or Nadir, all of them being evaluated numerically, according to the kind of angle and the planet-angle distance) and quality parameters (rulership, exaltation, exile and fall). Finally, other criteria such as the rulership of the Ascendant and the Midheaven etc. are important.
These different criteria allow a planet to be highlighted and lead to useful conclusions when interpreting the chart.
The overall chart analysis begins with the observation of three sorts of planetary distributions in the chart: Eastern or Western hemisphere, Northern or Southern hemisphere, and quadrants (North-eastern, North-western, South-eastern and South-western). These three distributions give a general tone in terms of introversion and extraversion, willpower, sociability, and behavioural predispositions.
Then, there are three additional distributions: elements (called triplicity since there are 3 groups of signs for each one) - Fire, Air, Earth and Water - corresponding to a character typology, modality (or quadruplicity with 4 groups of signs for each one) - Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable - and polarity (Yin and Yang).
There are three types of dominants: dominant planets, dominant signs and dominant houses. The novice thinks astrology means only "to be Aries" or sometimes, for example, "to be Aries Ascendant Virgo". It is actually far more complex. Although the Sun and the Ascendant alone may reveal a large part of the character - approximately a third or a half of your psychological signature, a person is neither "just the Sun" (called the sign) nor just "the first house" (the Ascendant). Thus, a particular planet's influence may be significantly increased; a particular sign or house may contain a group of planets that will bring nuances and sometimes weaken the role of the Ascendant, of the Sun sign etc.
Lastly, there are two other criteria: accentuations (angular, succedent and cadent) which are a classification of astrological houses and types of decanates that are occupied (each sign is divided into three decanates of 10° each). They provide additional information in this first general part.
These eleven (or six, if the birth time is unknown) general character traits must not be taken literally; they are, somehow, preparing for the chart reading. They allow to understand the second part of the analysis, which is more detailed and precise. It focuses on every area of the personality and provides a synthesis of all the above-mentioned parameters according to sound hierarchical rules.
Hemispheres and Quadrants for Tony Parker
The axis linking the 1st house's cuspide (the Ascendant) to the 7th house's cuspide (the Descendant) divides the zodiac into two bowls, a superior bowl, in the South, and an inferior bowl in the North. Quoting an expression by the famous American astrologer Rudhyar, the Southern part and the Northern part correspond to two functions: "being" and "doing". Other concepts are also associated with this North and South distribution, such as introversion (Northern hemisphere) and extraversion (Southern hemisphere), being or appearances, inner life or external life, reflection or action, dreaming one's life or living one's dreams, the abstract or the concrete, backstage or limelight.
This is not about determination but about personal inclination: thus, some people will be thrown into public life despite a prominent Northern hemisphere. If this happens, however, it will not be due to their will, their taste or their deep nature. Conversely, a prominent Southern hemisphere will not bring about a famous destiny to its owner, even if he tends to turn the spotlight on himself, or if he looks for a more active life. It is a matter of deep nature and natural inclination. Of course, none of the typologies is "superior" to another.
N.B.: as far as these dominants are concerned, if the discrepancy between quadrants, or between quadrants and North/South or East/West hemispheres, is less than 30%, it is not essential that you read these texts in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations.
In your birth chart, Tony Parker, the ten main planets are distributed as follows:
Tony Parker, the predominance of planets in the Southern hemisphere prompts you to take action, to draw attention on yourself, and to make your actions and what you have in mind visible to everyone.  Sometimes, without giving a single thought to, and to the detriment of, a richer inner life and a deeper and wiser reflection. Action and communication are inevitable in your opinion, and you tend to think that the only thing that matters is what is seen! This is not always true, and it is up to you to progress through the development of inner qualities such as meditation, solitude and imagination so as to become stronger.
The birth chart is divided into two other parts, Eastern and Western, by the axis linking the Midheaven to the Imum Coeli.
The Eastern part, on the Ascendant side, shows the person's ego, will, magnetism, and vitality, whereas the Western part, on the Descendant side, symbolizes other people, communication, relationships and their influence, as well as flexibility and adaptability.
The predominance of planets in the Western hemisphere of your chart means that you are quite flexible, capable of empathy, convivial and communicative. An excellent factor for many professional activities or for your social or sentimental life for example.
A definite asset... provided that you are not at the centre of the decisions you must take in your life: you may be tempted to listen to the last person who spoke, and your flexibility won't always get you out of the tight spot. You are therefore advised to learn to decide alone and to cope with the consequences of your actions with courage and without regrets. This attitude will allow you to combine flexibility and action, adaptability and absence of hesitation.
The Ascendant-Descendant and Midheaven-Imum Coeli axes divide the Zodiac wheel into four quadrants.
Tony Parker, the diurnal South-western quadrant, consisting of the 7th, 8th and 9th houses, prevails in your chart: this sector brings about a thirst for communication and sometimes a need to take risks in your dealings with others. Relations are a factor of your evolution and your transformation, which you accept serenely. Indeed, what matters to you is the movement and the energy that link you to others and that make you gain more awareness. A kind of rebellion or a desire to get away from it all is rooted in you.
Elements, Modalities and Polarities for Tony Parker
Tony Parker, here is the graph of your Elements, Modalities and Polarities, House and Decanates' Accentuations, based on planets' position and angles in the twelve signs:
Cheers for communication and mobility, Tony Parker! The predominance of Air signs in your chart favours and amplifies your taste for relations and for all kinds of short trips, whether real (travels) or symbolic (new ideas, mind speculations). You gain in flexibility and adaptability what you lose in self-assertion or in pragmatism.
Tony Parker, Fire is dominant in your natal chart and endows you with intuition, energy, courage, self-confidence, and enthusiasm! You are inclined to be passionate, you assert your willpower, you move forward, and come hell or high water, you achieve your dreams and your goals. The relative weakness of this element is the difficulty to step back or a kind of boldness that may prompt you to do foolish things.
Earth qualities are under-represented in your chart, with only 9.49% instead of the average 25%. Deficiency in Earth may indicate that you have no interest in material and concrete values. It is likely that you live too much in your heart or in your mind, or even in your enthusiasm! The fact remains that you may end up in tricky situations, due to your lack of good sense or forethought: material life is unavoidable even if you are rather idealistic, dreamy, or easily content. You must tackle concrete life necessities, for fear of... being forced to cope with them, later, in much more unpleasant ways!
The twelve zodiacal signs are split up into three groups or modes, called quadruplicities, a learned word meaning only that these three groups include four signs. The Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable modes are more or less represented in your natal chart, depending on planets' positions and importance, and on angles in the twelve signs.
Tony Parker, the Cardinal mode is dominant here and indicates a predisposition to action, and more exactly, to impulsion and to undertake: you are very keen to implement the plans you have in mind, to get things going and to create them. This is the most important aspect that inspires enthusiasm and adrenalin in you, without which you can grow weary rapidly. You are individualistic (maybe too much?) and assertive. You let others strengthen and improve the constructions which you built with fervour.
The twelve signs are divided into two polarities, called active or passive, or sometimes masculine and feminine, positive and negative, Yang and Yin. This classification corresponds to two quite distinct tonalities, the first one bringing extraversion, action, self-confidence and dynamism, the second one, introversion, reactivity, reflection and caution. None is superior to the other, each group has its own assets and shortcomings. Odd signs - Aries, Gemini, Leo, Libra, Sagittarius and Aquarius - belong to the first group, whereas even signs - Taurus, Cancer, Virgo, Scorpio, Capricorn and Pisces - belong to the second group.
N.B.: this dominant is a minor one. It is not essential that you read its meaning in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations.
According to the disposition and qualities of your planets and angles, you are rather influenced by Yang energy, the active polarity, Tony Parker: more concerned about actions than reflection, you sometimes rush without standing back and without the deepness that is needed. However, your spontaneity prompts you to take fresh starts, even after repeated failures caused by your rashness.
Houses are split up into three groups: angular, succedent and cadent.
The first ones are the most important ones, the most "noticeable" and energetic houses. They are the 1st, 4th, 7th and 10th houses. Their cuspides correspond to four famous angles: Ascendant for the 1st house, Imum Coeli for the 4th house, Descendant, opposite the Ascendant, for the 7th house and Midheaven for the 10th house, opposite the Imum Coeli.
Planets are evaluated according to a whole set of criteria that includes comprehensive Western astrology rules. At their turn, planets emphasize specific types of houses, signs, repartitions etc., as previously explained.
N.B.: this dominant is a minor one. It is not essential that you read its meaning in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations.
Cadent houses, namely the 3rd, 6th, 9th and 12th houses, are very emphasized in your chart, Tony Parker. They indicate important potential for communication, adaptability and flexibility. These houses are symbolically linked to the mind and intellect. The relative weakness implied by these characteristics indicates your tendency to hesitate or to be indecisive, but also your remarkable ability to start off again, which is a nice quality, finally: you can easily get yourself out of a tight spot thanks to your mobility and casualness, in the best sense of the term. This group of houses corresponds to evolutionary characteristics of your personality. However, they are only indications and you must include them in the rest of your chart in order to see whether they are validated or not!
Each sign contains 30 degrees and can be divided into three equal parts: the decanates. The Tradition indicates that specific meanings can be associated to each of the three decanates. Their sphere of activity is usually limited to the Sun sign, however, it is even more interesting to observe the distribution of all the planets in the chart to get an idea of the respective importance of the three decanates, which can complement the description of the personality.
These meanings must be considered with the greatest caution. Indeed, they are minor characteristics that can only underline other outstanding traits of character.
Traditionally, the first decanate highlights the characteristics of the sign where a planet is located. The two other decanates correspond to sub-dominant planets, depending on the nature of each sign. This system leads to a multiplication of meanings and it is impossible to have a clear understanding: here, we prefer to give only the meaning of one decanate in comparison with the other two, within the birth chart as a whole. Again, the greatest caution is needed with regard to this minor indication as it is not always reliable: it is not essential that you read these texts in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations
The second decanate, which means the part between 10° and 20° of any zodiacal sign, prevails in your natal chart, Tony Parker: these 10 zodiacal degrees emphasize logical thought and mental values. Therefore, you may be drawn to some kind of scientific activities, research, writing or any sort of expression where you have to... think a lot.
Dominants: Planets, Signs and Houses for Tony Parker
The issue of dominant planets has existed since the mists of time in astrology: how nice it would be if a person could be described with a few words and one or several planets that would represent their character, without having to analyse such elements as rulerships, angularities, houses, etc!
The ten planets - the Sun throughout Pluto - are a bit like ten characters in a role-play, each one has its own personality, its own way of acting, its own strengths and weaknesses. They actually represent a classification into ten distinct personalities, and astrologers have always tried to associate one or several dominant planets to a natal chart as well as dominant signs and houses.
Indeed, it is quite the same situation with signs and houses. If planets symbolize characters, signs represent hues - the mental, emotional and physical structures of an individual. The sign in which a planet is posited is like a character whose features are modified according to the place where he lives. In a chart, there are usually one, two or three highlighted signs that allow to rapidly describe its owner.
Regarding astrological houses, the principle is even simpler: the twelve houses correspond to twelve fields of life, and planets tenanting any given house increase that house's importance and highlight all relevant life departments: it may be marriage, work, friendship etc.
In your natal chart, Tony Parker, the ten main planets are distributed as follows:
The three most important planets in your chart are Venus, Saturn and Mars.
With Venus among your dominant planets, one of your first reflexes is... to please! Your look, your charm, and your seduction are omnipresent elements in your behaviour.
Your approach to things is connected to your heart, and for you, no real communication can flow if your interlocutors exude no sympathy or warmth. Cold and logical reasoning, clear thoughts and good sense are not important to you: if there is no affective bond with your environment, no connection can be established with the Venusian that you are, and nothing happens.
You have a strong artistic side, and you never neglect subjective but clear concepts such as pleasure, beauty, and also sensuality. However, sometimes to the detriment of efficiency, durability, logic, and... detachment.
Saturn is part of your dominant planets: among the facets of your character, you have a grave and serious side, wise and somewhat severe, since your concentration can be powerful, to the detriment of carelessness and friendliness.
You often look austere, but it is only an appearance, a kind of modesty or reserve; however, it is true that the Saturnian, who is fond of time, effort, asceticism, rigour and sobriety, may have popularity issues. Nevertheless, honesty and straightforwardness, reliability, as well as slow, wise and deep mental process, although not very popular and visible qualities, eventually become noticed and appreciated. Saturnians' second part of life is usually easier and more fulfilling.
Like the Jupiterian, your Saturnian facet prompts you to seek the essential, security, and longevity. However, the difference with the former is that you will never give priority to wealth or "the bigger, the better" philosophy for the sake of power. Saturn, like Jupiter, symbolizes social integration, and it is usually considered positive to have a harmonic Jupiter and Saturn in one's chart because of their social adaptation capacities.
Your vulnerability lies in your too serious and austere side, which may lead to unwanted loneliness and affective frustration. This generally does not last because Saturnians often hide deep down a golden heart that ends up revealing itself...
Mars is one of your dominant planets and provides you with its efficient energy and enthusiasm: with a powerful Mars in your chart, action - but also will and ability to undertake - is not an empty word for you. You are active, dynamic, willing to fight, courageous, and you are never afraid to move mountains, even though risks are part of the adventures that you start with determination.
However, your patience is not always up to your boldness and a kind of feverishness, or even anger, can tarnish the quality of your achievements. That would be a pity since the Marsian is a champion in matters of efficiency! Mars symbolizes display of action, conquering spirit that favours discipline and order - beware of not being fussy - and lies at the frontier between action and brutality, between conquest and potential aggressiveness.
In your natal chart, the three most important signs - according to criteria mentioned above - are in decreasing order of strength Libra, Aries and Pisces. In general, these signs are important because your Ascendant or your Sun is located there. But this is not always the case: there may be a cluster of planets, or a planet may be near an angle other than the Midheaven or Ascendant. It may also be because two or three planets are considered to be very active because they form numerous aspects from these signs.
Thus, you display some of the three signs' characteristics, a bit like a superposition of features on the rest of your chart, and it is all the more so if the sign is emphasized.
With Libra as a dominant sign in your natal chart, you love to please, to charm, and to be likeable. Moreover, you are naturally inclined towards tolerance and moderation, as well as elegance and tact, as if you were meant to please! Of course, you always find malcontents who criticize your lack of authenticity or of courage and your half-heartedness, but your aim is to be liked, and in this field, you are an unrivalled champion!
Arian blood runs through your veins! You have that enthusiasm, frankness, courage, and fastness which usually make you so likeable in spite of your somewhat rough, naive, or violent side. As a bonus, Aries' gushing fire always gives you the impetus to make a fresh start, should you stumble or undergo life hardship!
Pisces is among your dominant signs and endows your personality with unlimited sources of emotions, dreams, imagination, and sensitivity, to the extent that you literally swim in a cloudy ocean of delightful impressions. These impressions are so intense and overwhelming that you don't really need to take action concretely, to show your dynamism or your willpower, since you already live so intensely with your feelings - you are as keen as a radar, always on the alert! That is why some people may not like your carelessness, and the lack of clarity in your opinions or actions; however they quickly notice your artistic talents, your poetic or artistic side, and your total lack of wickedness. Besides, you feel compassion for people in pain - empathy is one of your great qualities. Thanks to your flexibility, your intuition, and your generosity, you may spend an important part of your life helping others. And if you are creative or if you have well-known artistic talents, everybody will forgive your little flaws: absent-mindedness, lack of energy or of will, too dreamy temperament...
The 7th, 1st and 12th houses are the most prominent ones in your birth chart. From the analysis of the most tenanted houses, the astrologer identifies your most significant fields or spheres of activity. They deal with what you are experiencing - or what you will be brought to experience one day - or they deal with your inner motivations.
Your 7th house is one of your dominant houses: it symbolizes other people, marriages, associations, contracts, and partnerships. Your personal achievement and maybe your problems - depending on the rest of your chart - are mainly influenced by your rapports with others, the area in which you tend to commit yourself a lot. You appreciate communication, and you give importance to others' opinions. Success requires the support of others, which seems obvious and natural to you. Your marriage generally contributes to your fulfilment.
With a dominant 1st house, your magnetism is powerful, and your individuality as well as your willpower are out of the ordinary. You are a determined, strong-willed, and assertive person, with this relative criterion at least.
It is likely that you never go unnoticed when you are in a crowd or a in reunion: an important 1st house suggests that you are a charismatic person with above average vital energy, especially if the Sun is present in this sector.
Your personal interests are always important and you never forget them, which doesn't mean that you are self-centered, but only that you behave according to what is in harmony with your deep nature!
The 12th house is emphasized in your chart: like the 8th house, it has a rich and complex meaning. Although its bad reputation is likely to scare most readers in the first place - it is indeed the house of hidden or isolated places, of solitude, of ordeals or enemies - it can also mean that a part of your life is very deep and intense. If your achievements are not visible in the public eye, you may fulfil yourself in a different but equally important way: you may be involved in secret activities, humanitarian causes, and projects in favour of disadvantaged people. You are likely to work in quiet and remote places. In many cases, you will gain from these hidden activities as many treasures as people who have a more public destiny. It may be because you sublimate your work, or only because you successfully carry out your task within your environment. There is no such things as a good or a bad house, because each area of life is necessary in its own way, and we need all of them, if we are to improve spiritually.
After this paragraph about dominant planets, of Tony Parker, here are the character traits that you must read more carefully than the previous texts since they are very specific: the texts about dominant planets only give background information about the personality and remain quite general: they emphasize or, on the contrary, mitigate different particularities or facets of a personality. A human being is a complex whole and only bodies of texts can attempt to successfully figure out all the finer points.
Your sensitivity
Your sensitivity is all on edge, Tony Parker, and your emotions so deep, your imagination, so lively, that you are often found in the sweet realm of dreams. You create your own fantastical world with entangled fragments of current reality, romantic souvenirs and hidden hopes. Your receptiveness is so intense that it may border on mediumship or, more disturbing and rare, you may have hallucinations. Your character fluctuates according to the stimulation of the moment but in general, you are a nice person, full of gentleness and romanticism, always ready to understand and to dedicate yourself. You have real healing powers, would it be only through your ability to instinctively understand other people's sufferings. Your affective structures can be likened to a roving radar. You are vulnerable, hurt by the slightest aggression and easily influenced because you are unable to step back from people and events; therefore, you may start to be doubtful and lose the self-confidence that you so badly need to progress.
Tony Parker, it is likely that you are popular in your work environment, and you may even be considered to be some kind of star by your colleagues. Or, if it is not the case, you have a clear tendency to react emotionally, very quickly and strongly in this sphere. At work, you need to feel liked and appreciated and to be shown accordingly!  You are mobile and changeable in your profession, and to tell the truth, your everyday life is full of surprises. Sensitive and imaginative, you are vulnerable to others' opinions. Health issues concern you more than they should; beware of not becoming a hypochondriac, some day...
Your intellect and your social life
Tony Parker, an enquiring intelligence, an instant understanding and a wide range of interests prompt you to go towards other people in all circumstances with a view to exchanging ideas and to show your talent for repartee. Ideas and actions must be quick and you are likely to be impatient, even critical and sarcastic with people who cannot match your frantic rhythm. You are very adaptable, you can do several different things at the same time and also think of a future action because you constantly need to be on the move. You may be criticized for your superficiality, for spreading yourself too thin and for your propensity to conceal the truth, but you always get out of tricky situations incredibly well because you are very astute, shrewd and charming.
You have a roaming mind, Tony Parker, in the best sense of the term: you are interested in higher knowledge, whether in the moral, spiritual, political or religious field. You are attracted to what is far away and you want to travel to discover new horizons. It is possible that, early in your life, there was a kind of rebelliousness against preconceived ideas and sometimes, against the education within your family.  You have broad and open ideas. No petty or too concrete thoughts for you! Going further and higher is what matters to you. In accordance with your childhood aspirations, as an adult, you are a great traveller, both in mental travels and physical ones. In all cases, the foreign world's riches stimulate you.
Your affectivity and your seductiveness
In your chart, the Sun is in Taurus and Venus, in Aries. Venus in Aries’ ingenuous spontaneity opposes the Taurean Sun’s constructive scepticism. In the affective sphere, you respond to novelty and to first meetings’ emotions. There is an unquenchable thirst for experience and for the desire to preserve the natural (or reckless) characteristic of a budding relationship. This spontaneous infatuation is opposed by Taurus’ major concern: to take the time to live and to experience a fulfilment that never occurs instantly. The danger with this zodiacal duet lies in its contradictions; Aries’ untimely crazes upset Taurus’ well being. Or, conversely, you may try to maintain at any cost (Sun in Taurus) a dying love. If the flames of the beginnings are ready to be roused, the Taurean will needs to guard against uncertain changes, which is opposed to the Venusian thirst for emotions. Taurus slows down Aries. Equilibrium is achieved! The big advantage with this configuration is that it provides a clever and subtle balance between instinct of self-preservation and desire to live intensely. When it is well integrated, this Aries-Taurus type allows to smoothly fuel a relationship – but not without clashes and emotions – which lives on an extraordinary vitality, over and over again.
Love at first sight, flash in the pan, amorous impulsiveness? All these are part of your way of loving or to fall in love, Tony Parker. Throughout your relationship, you maintain this kind of jerky and lively style, that may seem childish or naïve, but that is so generous and cheerful! You are undeniably possessive and you are not concerned with your partner's opinion but, fortunately, you readily forgive because of your spontaneity and your authenticity. When your relationship is intense, everything is fine. There is no romanticism, no complications with you. You love with ardour and, except for a few crazes and opportunities for new pastures here and there, the only danger may be that boredom settles in. In that case, you leave without regret and you quickly forget what consumed you, not so long ago.
Tony Parker, your warmth and your attractiveness are at the service of your future or current marriage! In the 7th house, Venus colours the expression of your feelings with commitment, a request for reciprocation and for something concrete. Venus gives way, to a great extent, to your desire to be loved as much as to love: in the romantic field, your entire being aims at harmony, diplomacy, mind-openness so as to find, at any cost, a common ground where you can achieve your aim, that is to say a sweet idyll and, why not if it is possible, a nice marriage as an ending. Are problems arising? A disagreement? A lack of understanding? Immediately, you undertake to soothe your partner and to highlight what brings you together, while skilfully omitting anything that might harm the so much sought after harmony. Of course, this merely complacent attitude seems to allow you to progress with conviction towards your goals but there is a price to be paid. The dependency upon your couple becomes tangible. Paradoxically, anyway, you care little about that because it is just the way you are and that, worst comes to worst, you prefer to continue this constant game consisting in a kind of self-sacrifice with its fruitful benefits, rather than to push yourself to the forefront and to take the risk of being less attractive… Actually, you are never happier than when you formalize your union and there is no doubt that, once you are married, you will be a charming spouse and you will strive to make your conjugal life a pleasant one in a spirit of sharing and warmth.
Your behaviour
Psychologically speaking, your nature is sanguine and communicative or nervous and introverted, depending on who prevails, either Venus, the principle of harmony, extraversion, desire to seduce, easy and airy communication, or Saturn, the principle of rigour, introversion, self-control, concentration and meditation. Unless Saturn is very strong in the rest of the chart, Libra is very delicate and charming. She easily adjusts in society, particularly with her perpetual search of compromise. It is the reason why you may seem to be hesitant and weak. You do not dare to insist or to assert your views: you prefer to intervene as an agent for harmony, of rally and equity, even to the detriment of your self-assertion. You loathe violence and you strive with all your heart to pacify, to smooth things over, and to adjust to the situation with flexibility and grace.
Since you are born under this sign, you are sentimental, charming, courteous, delicate, refined, loyal, pacifist, fair, distinguished, light, romantic, cultured, airy, likeable, spruce, perfectionist, caring, gentle, quiet, tidy, social, artist, with strong aesthetic tastes, tolerant, lenient, sociable, seductive, elegant, kind, respectful, balanced, but you may also be hesitant, weak, wavering, selfish, fragile, indecisive, timid, indolent, cold or even insensitive.
In love, Sir, you cannot help but try to seduce wherever you go, and you succeed fairly well. You are a real heartbreaker and your natural gift borders on impertinence and injustice, from the outsider’s point of view!
You are so likeable, easy to deal with, caring, smiling, diplomatic, you establish connections with such great ease, that you attract a majority of women, including those you are not interested in. It is not a game, it is your nature. Each and everyone believe to be the object and the target of your favours whereas, in fact, it is the way you behave with everybody.
You cannot stand solitude at all: you prefer to be ill-accompanied rather that to be alone. There is a danger that you remain attached to a person who does not suit you best. You are spoilt for choice. You should be able to find a suitable match and to reach the state of harmony that is the centre of your deep motivations.
You are a perfectionist, like Leos who are so demanding regarding the quality of their partners. Real life is seldom as beautiful as your ideal and you may be deceived and badly wounded if your couple should break down. But you will pursue the quest of your soul mate with all the natural qualities that are almost entirely dedicated to this search.
Your will and your inner motivations
Peace, joy of life and sensuality are essential to you: You have a simple and quiet nature. You easily find happiness because you are not competitive. In addition, your relaxed attitude and your common sense always take you to places where you are happy, even though you are not the number one, even though you do not move in haste. The important thing for you is to construct, with patience and persistence. These two qualities yield strong, steadfast, and sustainable efforts that can withstand any pitfalls.
You are gentle, with a slow thinking process, but once you have opted for an orientation, nothing, no one, can make you change your mind. You loathe changes in general, and once you have taken the few major unavoidable decisions in the course of your life, you are on track!
As you are born under this sign, you are loyal, steadfast, strong, patient, enduring, persistent, attached, sensual, realistic, constructive, tenacious, with a strong need for security. But you may also be stubborn, rigid, possessive, materialistic, static and slow.
In love, Sir, more often than not, your passions are strong. It may take you some time to be moved, but once you choice is made, it is a lasting one and you are particularly endearing and loyal. You are not interested in infidelity or in having numerous partners.
Your love emerges slowly but it grows in depth, like a root which solidifies with time. You are not too romantic because you are so practical and conventional… but your style and your sexiness compensate for your lack of idealism. You tend to associate the concept of marriage with that of lifestyle or of the benefits that come with it.
Your physical urges are pressing; you are sensual and pleasure takes an important place in your life. You appreciate partners who cook like a cordon-bleu and who may cause a few gastronomic excesses, but you readily accept them.
One thing is certain, Tony Parker, your motivations cannot be easily figured out because this configuration is quite special and complex. Everything pertaining to the realm of emotions is deepened. You have a tendency to infuse passion in nearly everything in life and it will translate differently, according to your temperament and other characteristics of your chart.
Several common elements are noted however. There is a predisposition for essential matters connected to life and death and to great mysteries that go beyond daily life. You need to understand, to drill and to always delve deeper. You are inhabited by some sort of desire for transcendence, maybe because you feel everything with deep intensity: therefore, you are more vulnerable because events hit you full in the face and you unconsciously understand that, if you manage to decipher how and why things appear, you will become tougher. But there is another reason to it. Your curiosity is continuously on the alert and you are amazed by apparently insignificant facts that stir up the chain of causes and effects and lead you towards the more essential matters that are knocking at the door of your soul.  Your concerns and your inclination may take you into such various fields as psychoanalysis, amassing knowledge in mystics, religion, occultism or spirituality (desire for transcendence and immediate access to an upstream reality). What is hidden mesmerizes you and you spend lots of time polishing your lucidity, as if progressing ahead and evolving further were the materialized forms of your life's challenge.  On a more terrestrial plane, here are the areas that are particularly important to you: sexuality, probably because of its transcendence and its hidden nature; death, either because you experienced a loss with a big impact on your evolution or on your destiny, or only because you are interested in this topic; finance, investments, inheritances, speculations, in other words, any financial area other than those of money earned by yourself, expenses, and the way you use your patrimony and your resources.  Your entire being strives towards assertion as you win over ordeals or over life hardships: nothing stimulates you better, nothing makes you evolve more than these critical periods of life when, on the brink of the abyss, you feel with maximal intensity all the choices that are offered to you. During such periods, you always manage to give of your best, you transform yourself and you come out enriched and more lucid: crisis and metamorphosis. This pattern suits you best. You want to move fast, always faster and further, because you intensely understand that daily reality is important only through its authentic and hidden contents. To discover the reality, your only tool is self-awareness development. However, do not take too many risks and do not systematically enter into the eye of the storm as you may be badly and repeatedly shaken up.  You lost your father quite early, literally or figuratively (sometimes, you find him again after an ordeal), although, paradoxically, he played a major role. If the theory is borne out, it is only an additional step towards sublimation and the overcoming of certain ordeals towards the road to wisdom. You, a mystic? Yes, in your own way, of course!
Your ability to take action
No one can say that you are particularly aggressive, Tony Parker! Actually, it takes a great deal for you to become able to express your anger because you belong to the wavering type and you are not prone to risk-taking; you loathe violence and you would rather not intervene than start a conflict. Moderation and the happy medium in all things are your favourites. One of the only areas that makes you wage war is injustice, whether you are the one who is stricken or whether it is someone who is helpless. In this particular field, as in that of sexuality, you are not impulsive and you appreciate it very much when your partner shows the way, preferably with much serenity and gentleness. Actually, the form and characteristics of your sexuality depend on the rest of your personality.
As strange as it may seem, Tony Parker, to you, action means behind the scenes and secrecy. The form of your action is important, as compared to what you actually do. You want no publicity on what you are doing and the reasons of your struggle!  You loathe being seen when you are on the move. You have the uncomfortable feeling that you are spied upon, that people may judge you. Or you are afraid to displease others. You enjoy taking action in the dark. You may be dedicated to charitable causes, and it is natural to you that you must focus your energy on them.  Humanitarian works, secret settings (hospitals, prisons, convents, etc.), remote and forgotten places (charity missions operating abroad, etc.) constitute privileged settings for the expression of your capacity for action (and for devotion), that is as strong as anybody else’s, although it is marked by these quite peculiar characteristics.  Struggles may crop up in the guise of hidden pitfalls and enemies: you may have to fight in some secret ways, in order to face these dark events. It is an art which you master quickly and which enables you to triumph over adversity, more often than not.
Conclusion
This text is only an excerpt from of Tony Parker's portrait. We hope that it will arouse your curiosity, and that it will prompt you to deepen your knowledge of astrology, as well as to visit and use the wide range of free applications at www.astrotheme.com .
Astrological studies describe many of the character traits and they sometimes go deeper into the understanding of a personality. Please, always keep in mind that human beings are continuously evolving and that many parts of our psychological structures are likely to be expressed later, after having undergone significant life's experiences. It is advised to read a portrait with hindsight in order to appreciate its astrological content. Under this condition, you will be able to take full advantage of this type of study.
The analysis of an astrological portrait consists in understanding four types of elements which interact with one another: ten planets, twelve zodiacal signs, twelve houses, and what are called aspects between planets (the 11 aspects most commonly used are: conjunction, opposition, square, trine, sextile, quincunx, semi-sextile, sesqui-quadrate, quintile and bi-quintile. The first 5 aspects enumerated are called major aspects).
Planets represent typologies of our human psychology: sensitivity, affectivity, ability to undertake, will-power, mental process, aptitude, and taste for communication etc., all independent character facets are divided here for practical reasons. The twelve signs forming the space where planets move will "colour", so to speak, these typologies with each planet being located in its particular sign. They will then enrich the quality of these typologies, as expressed by the planets. The Zodiac is also divided into twelve astrological houses. This makes sense only if the birth time is known because within a few minutes, the twelve houses (including the 1st one, the Ascendant) change significantly. They correspond to twelve specific spheres of life: external behaviour, material, social and family life, relationship, home, love life, daily work, partnership, etc. Each planet located in any given house will then act according to the meaning of its house, and a second colouration again enriches those active forces that the planets symbolize. Finally, relations will settle among planets, creating a third structure, which completes the planets' basic meanings. A set of ancient rules, which has stood the test of experience over hundreds of years (although astrology is in evolution, only reliable elements are integrated into classical studies), are applied to organize the whole chart into a hierarchy and to allow your personality to be interpreted by texts. The planets usually analysed are the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, which means two luminaries (the Sun and the Moon) and 8 planets, a total of 10 planets. Additional secondary elements may be taken into account, such as asteroids Chiron, Vesta, Pallas, Ceres (especially Chiron, more well-known), the Lunar nodes, the Dark Moon or Lilith, and even other bodies: astrology is a discipline on the move. Astrological studies, including astrological portrait, compatibility of couples, predictive work, and horoscopes evolve and become more accurate or deeper, as time goes by.
Precision: According to the Tradition, a planet near the beginning (called cuspide) of the next house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant and the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all other houses) belongs to this house: our texts take this rule into account in this interactive natal chart and in every astrological programme.
Warning: In order to avoid any confusion and any possible controversy, we want to draw your attention upon the fact that this sample of celebrities is very complete and therefore, it also includes undesirable people, since every category is represented: beside artists, musicians, politicians, lawyers, professional soldiers, poets, writers, singers, explorers, scientists, academics, religious figures, saints, philosophers, sages, astrologers, mediums, sportsmen, chess champions, famous victims, historical characters, members of royal families, models, painters, sculptors, and comics authors or other actual celebrities, there are also famous murderers, tyrants and dictators, serial-killers, or other characters whose image is very negative, often rightly so.
Regarding the latter, it must be remembered that even a monster or at least a person who perpetrated odious crimes, has some human qualities, often noticed by his/her close entourage: these excerpts come from computer programmes devoid of polemical intentions and may seem too soft or lenient. The positive side of each personality is deliberately stressed. Negative sides have been erased here - it is not the same in our comprehensive reports on sale - because it could hurt the families of such people. We are hoping that it will not rebound on the victims' side.
Disclaimer: this page is one among hundreds of thousands of pages available online on Astrotheme astrological website. These short excerpts of astrological charts, like the one below, are computer processed in French and in English. They are, by no means, of a personal nature . This principle is valid for the 42,313 famous people currently included in our database. These texts provide the meanings of planets, or combination of planets, in signs and in houses, as well as the interpretations of planetary dominants in line with modern Western astrology rules. When the birth time is unknown, (12:00 PM (unknown)), these portrait excerpts do not take into account the parameters derived from the time, which means, the domification (Ascendant, astrological houses, etc.). Nonetheless, these analyses remain accurate in any case. Therefore, no negative aspect, which may damage the good reputation of a celebrity, is posted, for Astrotheme is not a polemic website. Regarding the sources of the birth data in our possession, kindly note that the pages we publish constitute a starting point for more detailed research, even though they seem useful to us. When the sources are contradictory, which occurs rarely, after having analysed them, we choose the most reliable one. Sometimes, we publish a birth date just because it is made available, but we do not claim that is it the best one, by no means.
