Erin Barry, Tony Parker Mistress Revealed, Tony Parker Erin Barry Affair, Erin Barry-Tony Parker's Texting Partner
Posted by liveyou 589 days ago                  (Editorial)
Eva Longoria-Parker filed for divorce from husband Tony Parker, ending the couple’s three year marriage after a humiliating cheating scandal.
A few weeks ago, Parker's former Spurs teammate, Brett Barry apparently filed for divorce from his wife Erin at the Bexar County Courthouse.
An aquaintance of one of the people involved told this examiner "this has been brewing for a while and I wouldn't be surprised if Brent may have contacted Eva Longoria to let her know what was going on."
Longoria issued a tweet on Twitter today saying "It is with great sadness that after 7 years together, Tony and I have decided to divorce. We love each other."
After a romantic wedding at the Vaux le Vicomte chateau in France in 2007, Longoria said that she wanted “at least three children” with Parker.
Rumors had been surfacing that Parker was having at least one affair and was even considering moving from San Antonio to join another team in recent months.
A multitude of sources indicated Erin Barry as the person Parker has been texting back and forth for almost a year with “inappropriate texts.”
This morning Longoria filed for a petition of divorce in Los Angeles after rumors started hitting the airwaves yesterday.
"I know Erin is heartbroken that she hurt her husband," said the source. "They have beautiful children and I know she loved him."
While still dating, Erin traveled to San Antonio for the first time with Brent Barry, who was attending the NBA-Star Weekend. Brent won the NBA Slam Dunk competition and the couple visited the River Walk and Alamo, never realizing they would be living here as a married couple someday.
Erin Barry is well known in the San Antonio for her tireless efforts to help abused children. The Barry’s created “Barry’s Blue Ribbon Assists,” that operated under the Spurs Foundation, in conjunction with the “Blue Ribbon Task Force” with District Attorney Susan Reed.
Thousands of dollars have been raised to garner support for Child Protective Services caseworkers and guests to attend Spurs games as a reward and stress release from their jobs. At the front of their efforts has been an annual 5k run/walk event.
Erin has also worked as a board member of the Bexar County Child Welfare Board, and the steering committee for the Heart Gallery of San Antonio. The Gallery helps place the faces and stories of kids waiting for adoption in front of the community.
Erin once told SA Woman magazine that Brent makes her “laugh, and he makes me feel special; it’s never about him.”
“We get the biggest kick out of each other,” she said. “I just enjoy his company.”
“After all these years, he’s my best friend. I want to be with him all the time. People always talk about how hard marriage is, and I’m asking myself, ‘Is it me? Is there something I’m not doing right?’ Because for me, being married to Brent isn’t hard at all!”
