Eye-Rolling Is a Predictor of Divorce + 12 Other Things to Know About Marriage
The world was stunned this week by Eva Longoria and Tony Parker's divorce -- but was it as sudden for the couple as it was for their fans?
Early reports said that Longoria was "totally and completely blindsided" by her discovery that Parker was getting close to other women. Some sources claimed that Longoria quickly filed for divorce without Parker's knowledge, hoping that the media storm would catch him off guard. However, in a statement released on Thursday, Parker says that he was fully aware of Longoria's intention to divorce him.
"Eva and I have been discussing our situation privately," the San Antonio Spurs player says. "I was aware that she would be filing for divorce in Los Angeles."
Parker also denied reports that he had filed for divorce himself in Texas before Longoria did so in L.A.
Details are also starting to come out about the divorce of Parker's former Spurs teammate Brent Barry and wife Erin Barry (with whom Parker allegedly had an affair).  According to People, the "hundreds of text messages" that Longoria discovered on Parker's phone were exchanged between him and Erin around the same time that the Barrys quietly filed for divorce. (This was at the end of October -- but because they filed using only their initials, it took the press a while to catch on.)
While many news sources are using the term "sexting" to describe Parker and Barry's relationship, the nature of the texts hasn't been made public -- and friends keep insisting that Parker and Barry never actually had sex .
It's public knowledge that the Barrys and the Longoria-Parkers were close friends for years; Parker has told the press that they were all "like family." So here's what we don't know: Were Tony and Erin just supporting each other during their already-crumbling marriages? Or did those text messages turn into an "emotional affair" that finally split up both couples?
Do you think Tony Parker's text messages are grounds for divorce? Chime in below!
FILED UNDER:
