Tony Parker: Why It Is Crucial That Duke Lands This Big Man
By
(Analyst) on November 2, 2011
5,356 reads
80
Duke is a great place to play. They get national attention and play in a prestigious conference for the active coach with the most wins in Division 1 men’s college basketball.
Yet they find it elusive to land a top post player, especially considering any quality post player playing in Duke’s system will benefit greatly.
Look at Shelden Williams, his pro career has not gone as promised but he looked like Tim Duncan while he played in Duke’s system. Williams is the Blue Devil's all-time leading shot blocker and rebounder.
Michael Carvell reports that Coach K badly wants to land Tony Parker, a 6’9” power forward in the mold of Elton Brand or Carlos Boozer, in the recruiting class of 2012.
Parker’s coach, Sharman White, had this to say about Coach K’s vision for Parker.
“They think Tony can come to Duke and make something happen right away. They are expecting to lose a couple of their big guys after this upcoming season. And with the guys they will have left, Tony’s game will be a little different, which bodes well for Tony.”
“Duke is looking for Tony to be in the mold of an Elton Brand and Carlos Boozer when they played at Duke. Tony’s fit would be similar to their fit to the Duke teams they were on, and they think Tony may bring a little more to the table.”
Next year Miles Plumlee’s eligibility will expire and his younger brother Mason may follow him out the door, although, based on the amount of forwards vying for a lottery spot in the 2012 draft, he may hang around for his senior year. Long shot though.
Ryan Kelly should be around, but Parker is an old school back-to-the-basket player like Jared Sullinger. With Duke’s ability to shoot the three, a team with Parker on board would be looking at a Final Four.It is understandable that Duke is in dire need to land this Georgia big man. Next season sees the arrival of Syracuse and Pitt to the ACC. Two tough, bruising teams the Blue Devils will have to contend with.  
He could well be the best post player in the 2012 class!!
They have to give these two teams a requisite welcome and show that they will not take a backseat in their own conference.
Without Parker, Duke’s seemingly last hope for a big man in the 2012 class, Marshall Plumlee and Kelly may have to hold down the forte. Marshall needs to get bigger and we will know how far Kelly has grown over the coming season.
That would leave only Josh Hairston to back them up, hence Duke’s desperation to land that quality big man.
"I feel like I've trained very hard and can use my strength to my advantage," Parker told Carvell last year. "A lot of people are not going to be able to bang with me in the post for a long time. As the game goes along, I feel like I gain an edge."
The guy loves to bang. That’s at least three fouls given to the opposing team trying to stop a guy like this. This eventually opens up the lane for the guards to penetrate at will.
Coach K is still waiting on one other big man, Mitch McGary. The top post player of the 2012 class has yet to commit to any school.  McGary says he will make a decision this week.
There is a good chance that McGary will not set foot on any college campus next year though. According to Slam Online , the 6’11” player already has his high school diploma, as he reclassified, and said he has been told that he may qualify for the 2012 NBA draft.
This means all hope lies with Parker who made a recruiting visit to Duke last Saturday, and was hosted by his team USA roommate Quinn Cook.
Parker told Coast2Coasthoops.com that Duke and Georgetown were recruiting him hardest earlier in the year. He wants a good education and to play for a great program.
“They are good schools,” Parker said of Georgetown and Duke, “and they make more than just basketball players. A lot of their players go on to do other things than basketball.”
