Jabari Parker (2013), 6-8, 220, SF
Simeon Career Academy, (Chicago, Ill.)
The son of former NBA player Sonny Parker has the most complete game in the country. When 40 high-major head coaches hang out at open gym sessions at your high school, as Parker has had, it’s a case of obvious elite talent. Parker also has a Gold medal from the FIBA Americas 16 tournament to add to his accolades. With due respect to the senior class, Parker as a junior, has next. Click here for the latest Jabari Parker highlights and news
2
Julius Randle (2013), 6-9, 225, PF
Prestonwood Christian (Plano, TX)
If one looked in a basketball dictionary under “power forward”, they’d find a picture of Randle. He’s a prototypical frontcourt power player that can’t be stopped, most of the time. Randle looks like he’s ready physically to step into an NBA training camp, as a high school junior. If Parker wasn’t around, Randle would be the best prospect in the country, regardless of class. Click here for the latest Julius Randle highlights and news
3
Shabazz Muhammad (2012), 6-6, 215, SF
Bishop Gorman (Las Vegas, NV)
Subject to an intense recruiting chase among UCLA, Kentucky, UNLV, Duke and others, the hyper-athletic slasher is the best senior in the land. He assaults rims with vicious bounce, and plays harder than anyone in the country. A consistent long-range shot is all Muhammad needs to have a complete game, at this point. Click here for the latest Shabazz Muhammad highlights and news
4
Andrew Harrison (2013), 6-5, 210, PG
Fort Bend Travis (Fort Bend, TX)
A skilled and big point guard, it’s hard to believe Harrison has two more years of high school left. He’s physically imposing, distributes the basketball, and has the flair for the marvelous. In concert with his twin, Aaron, he has tons of promise at the next level and beyond. Click here for the latest Andrew Harrison highlights and news
5
Kyle Anderson (2012), 6-8, 210, SF
St. Anthony (Jersey City, NJ)
Committed to UCLA The Magic Johnson of high school hoops, Anderson is a tall drink of water that most often plays point guard at 6’-8”. He’s taking his game to Westwood, and will star in college once he has a position, as he could potentially play three positions in college.  Anderson has tremendous court vision and basketball IQ, and is a terrific teammate. Click here for the latest Kyle Anderson highlights and news
6
Mitch McGary (2012), 6-10, 225, PF
Brewster Academy (Wolfeboro, NH)
Committed to Michigan The blur of power forward activity, McGary’s motor is always running. A bouncy big forward, McGary is constantly around the ball and battles on the interior. The Indiana native will be an impact player when he takes his game to the college level at Michigan, Kentucky, Duke, North Carolina, Florida or Maryland. Click here for the latest Mitch McGary highlights and news
7
Nerlens Noel (2013), 6-10, 215, C
Tilton School (Tilton, NH)
Playing for one of the top grassroots teams in the country, the Boston Amateur Basketball Club, Noel has made his name as a defensive dynamo. If there was a shot to be blocked, or a carom to be grabbed, chances are that Noel did so. While his offensive game is still developing, no one holds down the paint like Noel. Click here for the latest Nerlens Noel highlights and news
8
Isaiah Austin (2012), 7-0, 200, C
Grace Prep (Arlington, TX)
Committed to Baylor A 7-footer with wing forward skills, to say Austin has a unique game puts his versatility mildly. The slender center is headed to Baylor, and only needs to add strength and consistency to be at the head of his class. Austin can put the ball on the floor, and has a well-developed scoring package. Click here for the latest Isaiah Austin highlights and news
9
Kaleb Tarczewski (2012), 7-0, 220, C
St. Mark’s (Southborough, MA)
Committed to Arizona. The blue collar big man will decided between Arizona and Kansas, and whichever power college basketball program gets him will be happy to have him hold down the fort in the paint. With every skill a coach wants from an interior presence, Tarczewski is plug-and-play at center at the next level. Click here for the latest Kaleb Tarczewski highlights and news
10
Anthony Bennett (2012), 6-8, 230, PF
Findlay Prep (Henderson, NV)
The bouncy native of Canada has a devastating combination of strength and athleticism, reminding some of former NBA star Larry Johnson. Bennett still has a long college list that hasn’t been narrowed, but the take no prisoners power forward is sure to have an impact as a freshman in college next year. Click here for the latest Anthony Bennett highlights and news
11
Marcus Smart (2012), 6-3, 200, SG
Marcus (Flower Mound, TX)
Committed to Oklahoma State. Rightly named, Smart is an intelligent and tough-minded player that has won as many games as anyone in the Class of 2012. He’s part of a pipeline from Dallas, TX, to Oklahoma State, and could step in and run the show for the Cowboys from day one. Smart may eventually end up at point guard, but has the skill to play three positions in high school.
12
DaJuan Coleman (2012), 6-10, 280, C
Jamesville-Dewitt (Dewitt, NY)
Committed to Syracuse.  The beefy interior player is still deciding between Syracuse, Ohio State and Kentucky, and is a forceful true center that demands attention in the paint. Coleman reminds natives of upstate New York of Derrick Coleman (no relation), and is a grinder that is matched by few in terms of size and talent. Click here for the latest DaJuan Coleman highlights and news
13
Archie Goodwin (2012), 6-5, 180, SG
Sylvan Hills (Little Rock, AR)
Committed to Kentucky. An all-around scoring guard, Goodwin has the size and scoring streak that should step in and immediately have success in the Kentucky dribble drive motion offense. He’s the first, but not the last, member of the Wildcats’ 2012 recruiting class, and an elite national talent. Click here for the latest Archie Goodwin highlights and news
14
Aaron Gordon (2013), 6-7, 200, SF
Archbishop Mitty (San Jose, CA)
The younger brother of New Mexico standout Drew Gordon, Aaron starred for USA’s 16U basketball team over the summer, with an outstanding statistical performance in both scoring and rebounding. Gordon is bouncy and skilled, and will be the top player in the Bay Area this year. Though his brother is clearly a talent, it’s not hard to see for the long term that Aaron Gordon will be the top sibling in the family. Click here for the latest Aaron Gordon highlights and news
15
Brandon Ashley (2012), 6-8, 205, PF
Findlay Prep (Henderson, NV)
Committed to Arizona. Having relocated from Oakland, CA, to prep basketball factory Findlay Prep for his senior season of high school will only sharpen Ashley’s game as he will play against other D-1 prospects on a daily basis. The power forward moves well, and can both face up and score with his back to the basket. If Ashley lives up to his potential, he’ll be part of a stellar recruiting class for Arizona. Click here for the latest Brandon Ashley highlights and news
