Latest notes
Jun. 24, 2012 - 12:17 p.m.  ET
Tony Parker needed eye surgery after being caught in a melee at a nightclub this month, and his status for the London Olympics is in doubt.
Parker had a shard of glass in his eye and is suing the nightclub for $20 million -- according to recent reports he was even in danger of losing the eye. He will fly to the U.S. on July 5 to visit with a specialist, after which we should know whether he'll be able to play for France.
Jun. 22, 2012 - 9:38 a.m. ET
Tony Parker is suing a New York night club for $20 million after sustaining an eye injury.
Parker was in the club when the ridiculous spat between Drake and Chris Brown broke out, and he suffered shards of glass in his eye when bottles started to fly. As a result, Parker's cornea was injured, and he had to seek follow-up treatment. It will be interesting to see what type of resolution this brings.
Source: Associated Press
Jun. 15, 2012 - 3:29 p.m.  ET
Tony Parker had his eye injured when he was a bystander to a fight in a New York club between rappers Drake and Chris Brown over their ex-girlfriend Rihanna.
You couldn't make this stuff up if you tried.  Brown and Drake were supposedly talking trash when bottles starting flying and Parker caught some of the shrapnel when pieces of glass from the bottles flew into his eye. "The cornea is affected. I cannot do anything for seven days. Wear a therapeutic contact lens and I get drops. I was lucky, that I almost had to get stitches," Parker added.   He should be ok to play for France in the upcoming Olympics.
Source: CBS Sports
Jun. 6, 2012 - 11:48 p.m.  ET
Tony Parker cooled off after a 20-10 first half to finish with 29 points, three rebounds, 12 assists, two steals and a 3-pointer on 12-of-27 shooting, as the Spurs fell to the Thunder 107-99 in Game 6 to be eliminated from the playoffs.
Parker was a beast in the first half, but ran out of gas. There will be chatter about the referees, as the Thunder seemed to get a lot of second-half calls, but the Thunder won this game in the fourth quarter. Tim Duncan added 25 points, 14 rebounds, a steal and two blocks, Stephen Jackson was incredible off the bench with 23 points and six 3-pointers on 6-of-7 shooting, and Manu Ginobili added 10 points in the loss. This was perhaps the Spurs last real chance at a championship with its current core, and they have to be sadly disappointed after jumping out to a 2-0 lead in the series, and an 18-point first-half lead tonight.
Jun. 4, 2012 - 3:24 p.m.  ET
Tony Parker downplayed Thabo Sefolosha's impact defensively, but admitted that he needs to adjust to OKC's big men coming out higher on picks.
The Thunder have closed off Parker's favored "pocket shot," and over the past two games his scoring has plummeted to 14.0 points on 11-of-27 shooting. Manu Ginobili emphasized the need to "create movement [and] pass the ball quicker," and we don't doubt for a second the Spurs' ability to adjust their pick-and-roll-heavy attack.
