Post a comment
Erin Barry and Tony Parker were originally linked by coincidence. Before this week, the Erin Barry-Tony Parker connection was thought to be mild, since Parker played for the Spurs and Barry was the wife of a teammate. Brent Barry played in San Antonio from 2004 to 2008, but he wasn't a big star for the team. Therefore, his wife was relatively anonymous, and not much was made about them getting a divorce recently. However, it is now major gossip, since reports of an affair between Erin Barry and Parker are being blamed for two divorces.
After news got out that Parker and Eva Longoria were getting divorced, fans and bloggers raced to find out why. It came out of nowhere to many, since the two were a seemingly strong power couple in sports and entertainment. But when rumors started of an affair, the floodgates opened.
Yesterday, the rumors were seemingly confirmed by Barry's own former father-in-law. Former NBA star Rick Barry told TMZ that his son Brent will be "devastated" by these reports, and that Erin was the one who filed for divorce. With these extra details, it is now easier to assume why both they and the Parkers are splitting up.
The rumors started when Longoria's friend, Mario Lopez, told Extra that she found hundreds of text messages from a teammate's wife on Parker's cell phone. Her identity wasn't officially disclosed by Longoria, but gossipers have narrowed it down to Barry.
However, the alleged affair has been denied by a source for People Magazine today. According to the source, Parker did flirt with Barry in the messages, but nothing physical happened. There are likely bigger clues in the text messages, but they have not been leaked - at least not yet.
These reports are coming out about a year after the Tiger Woods scandal began. In that ordeal, text messages and phone calls were eventually leaked online to confirm Woods' infidelity. With that in mind, it is hard to assume that Parker's texts, or more specific details about them, won't get out as well.
The Spurs star isn't on the same level of fame as Woods, but he is a major part of an NBA dynasty - and his now-ex-wife is an even bigger TV star. Therefore, the affair allegations are bound to keep getting bigger, until they find even more concrete evidence.
If these allegations are true, it would be yet another case of a sports power couple brought down by texts - and by not deleting evidence.
Sources
