There are currently no items in your cart.
Wishlist
No items available in your wishlist
Album Notes
[Newtown, PA] Tony Parker is a singer/songwriter, and inventor of the world's first Titanium Acoustic Guitar Strings (U.S. Patent 6,348,646).
Tony's recordings combine his finger-style titanium six-string guitar with a melodic piano/keyboard style -- uniquely his own.  His most recent CD, "Tony Parker," is a collection of original songs and recordings featuring the world's first Titanium Acoustic Guitar Strings.  Tony's music traverses several genres ranging from folk/pop to jazz instrumental and Contemporary Christian.  He has performed at various coffee houses and bookstores throughout the Midwest and east coast (including several Borders and Barnes & Nobel Bookstores).  Tony has also produced a number of other CD's, including The Bill Jenkins Trio: Jazz 1969 (available at CDBABY), and Christmas Toledo, both for non-profit causes.  In addition, several of his recordings have received radio airplay, including "A Song for Every Season," "Another Family Christmas," and "I Set Her Free (Prelude)."
For more information about Tony Parker's music, or to purchase CD's, you've come to the right place.  If you would like to learn more about Tony Parker's scientific and product development achievements, visit A. A. Parker Consulting, LLC at http://www.aaparkerconsulting.com.
ALBUM CREDITS:
Tony Parker:  compositions, arrangements, recordings, engineering, production, acoustic guitars, harmonica, piano, keyboards, bass, vocals, inventions, research, and development; Writers: Tony Parker & Pete Mackey; Photography: Jackie & Andy Henry; Recording: 4-track analog to digital; 12 was co-produced with Dave Mariasy of Audiomatrix Recording Studios in Toledo, OH; © 1996 - 2002, A. A. Parker (ASCAP); © 1999, 2002, A. A. Parker & P. F. Mackey; Jacket design by Discmakers; Titanium Acoustic Guitar Strings is a trademark of Rohrbacher Technologies LLC, Bordentown, NJ; © 2003, Starlite MacPark Music Productions, Newtown, PA (ASCAP); All Rights Reserved.
For information on music from Starlite MacPark (ASCAP), visit http://www.tonyparkermusic.com
To purchase Titanium Acoustic Guitar Strings, visit www.rohrtech.com
Science - http://www.aaparkerconsulting.com & www.polymersynergies.com
REVIEWS
Thanks for your review
Thanks for reviewing this album! You should see it show up on the album page in a few days.
Log in to write a review.
This is good clean heartfelt music worth listening to.
author: Eddie K Lively
This is nice mellow easy listening voice and music with great finger picking guitar and fine suttle harmonica flavoring.
