View Results
 Loading ...
Tony Parker, one of the nation’s top 25 college basketball prospects, made a surprise unofficial visit to Georgia Tech last weekend.
The 6-foot-9, 270-pound power forward from Miller Grove High School was at Georgia Tech on Friday and Saturday. Parker is also considering an unofficial visit to UGA.
He has official visits set up with Duke, Ohio State and UCLA.
“It went well at Georgia Tech; I talked to the coaching staff and talked with the players,” Parker told the AJC on Monday. “They are great guys. Georgia Tech should do OK in the ACC this year.”
What was Georgia Tech’s recruiting approach? “That it’s a new generation at Georgia Tech. They are getting a new gym and they are going in a new direction with Coach [Brian Gregory]. That was their pitch.”
And did it work? Did Georgia Tech make Parker’s top five? “I don’t know,” Parker said.
Miller Grove PF Tony Parker is ranked among the nation's top 25 college basketball prospects (AJC photo)
Did the visit increase Tech’s chances for Parker? “I don’t know yet,” he said. “I will have to think about it some more.”
Parker has been tight-lipped about the recruiting process. He visited Ohio State a few weeks ago, and will go to UCLA this weekend. UCLA has some inside position because Parker’s longtime AAU coach, Korey McCray, was recently hired as an assistant for the Bruins.
Parker has eliminated Memphis and Georgetown. His only other official visit is scheduled for Duke on Oct. 29.
UPDATED: Kansas coach Bill Shelf and his top assistant, Danny Manning (the former Atlanta Hawk), stopped by Miller Grove High School on Monday evening to observe Parker in workouts.
“We didn’t know until late that they were coming,” Miller Grove coach Sharman White said. “Kansas likes Tony. They feel like they want to take a shot at recruiting him.”
What was Tony’s impression of Kansas? “I won’t say he was excited because he’s used to playing in front of the college coaches. But he was appreciative of the look.”
Also, Duke assistant Steve Wojciechowski was at the gym. “Duke was following up and continuing to express their interest.”
TODAY’S BIG STORIES
Elite South Carolina recruit de-commits from UGA (click on story link)
One of Georgia’s top WRs commits to UGA (click on story link)
UGA QB recruit Brice Ramsey boots a 57-yard FG (click on story link)
One of Georgia’s top running backs committed to Kentucky on Sunday but said he will still take his official visit to Georgia Tech. Can the Yellow Jackets flip him? (click on story link)
WE’VE MOVED!!! Visit the AJC’s NEW Recruiting page by clicking here
*
– By Michael Carvell, AJC Recruiting Blog
Got an item? mcarvell@ajc.com
BOOKMARK the NEW AJC Recruiting homepage here
Have you missed anything over the last few days? Catch up with our feed of the LATEST RECRUITING NEWS
Note: Inappropriate BLOG comments and personal attacks will NOT be tolerated. We love the lively discussions but hate-filled, harassing and irresponsible comments are unacceptable.
