--
Tony Parker is really starting to enjoy his single status.
Eva Longoria 's cheating ex hosted the Baller's Ball at LAVO in Las Vegas on Saturday night where he was spotted spotted flirting and dancing with random women until the early hours of the morning.
Taking over a VIP table on the dance floor he first ordered a round of 50 Washington Apple shots for all of his friends and was then surprised with Champagne delivered by LAVO cocktail waitresses sporting #9 Parker jerseys.  Magnums of Dom Perignon and Veuve Clicquot, along with many rounds of shots poured freely.
"His table full of guys quickly attracted the females in the club and the NBA star was spotted flirting and dancing  until the early hours of the morning," a source tells Hollyscoop.
It's a good thing Eva has already moved on, because seeing your ex surrounded by hot girls in Vegas never hits the spot.
Photo Credit: David Becker
February 11, 2011
--
I feel really sorry for Tony Parker , which, for a man, is probably worse than having a woman just think he’s an asshole.
I want to rock him in my lap and tell him everything’s going to be okay. The 28-year old San Antonio Spurs player recently commented on his divorce from Eva Longoria :
"I've super family, friends – that's what's most important. When you look around with what's going on in the world – with sick children, people in real difficulties – I have no right to complain."
Some people might call that taking the high road. I call it sad. You’re a good-looking, talented athlete, Parker. You should be dating a Kardashian or something.
"[Divorce] was hard but life goes on," he says. "Like anyone else, I've learned that life is full of experiences, and you learn from your mistakes. And go on."
You're right Tony, life does go on. In your case life started to "go on" while you were still married to your wife.
January 31, 2011
--
Eva Longoria and Tony Parker are now free to date whomever--well Eva is, Tony got a head start on that one.
Eva and Tony finalized their divorce through their attorneys in Texas on Friday, just three months after filing.
As you may recall Eva left Tony's cheating ass after she discovered hundreds of text messages between him and Erin Barry -- the ex-wife of his former teammate.
She filed for divorce right before Thanksgiving and spent most of the holidays under the radar.
She took a little bit of time off from the spotlight, but she's back and looking better than ever. She looked like a goddess in a Hobeika nude gown with plunging neckline and drape accent.
Being single does a body good! Wonder if Eva will date another athlete? What do you think?
