1 Comment
Top recruit Tony Parker has the name of an NBA point guard but the body of a future beast in the low post. Parker is a five-star center from Lithonia, GA, who lists Duke, Memphis and Ohio State among his top choices. We look at what makes him so special.
The young Parker has one thing in common with his namesake from the San Antonio Spurs – they’re both really good at basketball. Otherwise, he is a polar opposite of the 6-foot-2 native of France.
The teenage Parker, a 6-foot-9, 270-pound behemoth, is a coveted post player who makes his presence felt in the paint. According to most recruiting sites, Parker isn’t long and athletic but separates himself from the competition with his soft hands and prowess around the basket.
Players who use positioning and angles instead of superior size and athleticism often can be widely successful in college and effective in the pros, such as ex-Duke star Elton Brand, former Pitt center DeJuan Blair and current Ohio State big man Jared Sullinger.
Parker confirms that both Ohio State and Duke have used past success stories to woo the budding big man’s services.
“Ohio State has really done a good job with Jared Sullinger and (head coach) Thad Matta did a job with Ohio State this year,” Parker told National Recruiting Spotlight last month. “They just pitch the bigs they’ve had and what they’ve done with them.”
Parker said that the Blue Devils talk about their alums like current Chicago Bulls forward Carlos Boozer and Brand of the Philadelphia 76ers, but he revealed that he has a soft spot for Memphis.
“My favorite coaching staff is probably (Memphis head coach Josh) Pastner, (assistant coach Jack) Murphy and (assistant coach Damon) Stoudamire,” Parker said, according to the National Recruiting Spotlight.
Pastner is already known as one of the best recruiters in the nation who should have a top 10 team this winter. Stoudamire? Well, he’s more like the other Tony Parker, but that doesn’t mean that the lefthanded former NBA guard – and the rest of Memphis’ coaches – haven’t connected with the younger Parker, who called them all “players’ coaches.”
Rivals has Parker rated as the 30th player – and the seventh overall center – in the class of 2012. While the aforementioned programs are at the top of his list, Parker also is strongly considering traditional powers North Carolina and UCLA and defending national champion Connecticut.
Apparently, life is good for Parker, who casually compliments the defending champs and shrugs off comparisons to NBA All-Stars.
Soon, though, he will have to choose between his many suitors.
“Tony is going to take some official visits during the fall,” Parker’s high school coach, Sharman White, told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. “He hasn’t decided if he will sign early (in November) or wait until after his senior season.”
Until then, college recruiters and fans will have to be tantalized by YouTube clips of Parker like this one:
2:29 PM on 8/5/2011
