6/27/12:
'X' Says:
'Love the pickup of Dan Skipper offensive lineman from Ralston Valley High School in Arvada, Colorado, on so many levels. Tennessee needs to grab four of five offensive lineman in the 2013 class. Those of the four of five need to project as offensive tackles. Austin Sanders (current commitment) filled one of those needs at offensive tackle. Dan Skipper fills the other.
Skipper is 6”10” 280 lbs. and for a 280 pounder he actually looks a bit small. He has a huge wingspan and looks like he has good feet for a 6”10” kid.
He is still a kid so I would expect him to add a few pounds before he shows up at Tennessee. Get him in the strength and conditioning program to get stronger and he can easily add 30 to 40 lbs. of good weight to his frame.
The only concern one would have is whether or not a kid this big will have a hard time adding weight to his frame. Only time will tell on that.
This kid really fills a need in this class. In terms of 2013 offensive line recruiting, Tennessee can focus on recruiting one or two more interior offensive lineman types (road grader/tough guys). I will have more on that later this week.
Peace
6/14/12:
'X' Says:
'Haven’t spoken out much on recruiting of late. To be honest, I would question any recruiting analyst that tells you they know how Tennessee's recruiting is faring as of June 14th, 2012. Honestly, none of us will know about the state of Tennessee's recruiting until about late October. The fate of recruiting really comes down to success on the football field this fall. Simple as that.
What I can tell you from the inside is that all fans should be proud of the newly assembled Tennessee coaching staff. I have said this before. This is a staff that seems to genuinely like being at Tennessee and enjoys working with one another. You could not say that about previous Tennessee coaching staffs under Coach Dooley.
I have questioned a few of the decisions made by this staff. Specifically, I think they could have held off taking a couple of commitments so early in the recruiting cycle. However, let’s give credit where credit is due. This staff has flat out been excellent at getting so many highly rated 2013 and 2014 prospects to campus for unofficial visits during the spring and early summer. It has been unprecedented! Not only has Tennessee gotten a number of prospects rated highly by the recruiting services to campus but more importantly Tennessee has gotten prospects to campus that are rated high on Tennessee's recruiting board. The other tidbit that shouldn’t be overlooked is a number of these kids are showing up on campus with their parents. Always a positive sign.
Tennessee has gotten these prospects interested in the program and to campus despite the media portraying the Head Football Coach as being on one of the hottest seats in America. In addition you can bet your life that every football coach recruiting against Tennessee is using Coach Dooley's tenuous situation to their advantage and to Tennessee's disadvantage.
Despite this swirling around,  Tennessee currently has 9, 2013 commitments  and maybe poised to receive a few more before fall practice begins. My review of the current commitment list is, well, in a word "mixed". Without mentioning names(personally don't think it is fair to the prospects), I believe 5 of the commitments are excellent pickups, 2 of the commitments could become contributors before they leave campus (but I wouldn’t expect it to happen early for either one) , and I believe the other 2 may well get recruited over.
Through the end of the summer, expect Tennessee to pick up 3 maybe 4 new commitments. In my opinion, the most coveted prospects, those that can go to school anywhere and those Tennessee has to land  to get Tennessee back to competing at the highest level in the SEC are simply going to wait and see how things play out .... (wins and losses). Doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure this out.
Here are a few potential recruiting developments I will be watching over the next few weeks.
Pursuit of a Quarterback.  After his performance at camp earlier this week, Butler, North Carolina, quarterback prospect Riley Ferguson appears to have vaulted to the #1 prospect on Tennessee's board. Ferguson has good size frame, a big arm, a nice touch, and made all the throws at Tennessee's camp. Ferguson may wind up being the best quarterback prospect in North Carolina by the end of the football season kind of like Nathan Peterman did last year in Florida.
Speaking of Florida, the other quarterback prospects in play with Tennessee appear to be Florida kids. John O'Korn from St. Aquinas and Kurt Benkert from Cape Coral, Florida. Of the two, Tennessee prefers Benkert to O'Korn. It may get interesting if Benkert is ready to pull trigger late this week.
Think Jay Graham has made a difference?  It has been too many years to count since Tennessee has been one of the top choices for so many highly  ranked running back prospects. Jay Graham is not just an excellent running back coach. He is an excellent running back coach who is becoming an elite recruiter.
Consider where Tennessee stands with the following running back prospects.
Derrick Henry, former Georgia commitment, and one of the top running back/athletes in Florida has re-opened his recruitment. Tennessee and Alabama appear to be the favorites;
Alvin Kamara, a top running back prospect in Georgia  appears to be down to Tennessee, Georgia, and Alabama. It doesn’t hurt Tennessee to have Kamara's former teammate Jason Croom on campus and another former teammate Ben Bradley as a defensive tackle target.
Tennessee is in the top three for all everything running back Derrick Green from Virginia. Clemson and Ohio State maybe a bit ahead of Tennessee for Green but Tennessee is growing on Green and his family; Tyshon Dye a Georgia prospect,  who maybe the best of the bunch,  is likely down to Tennessee and Clemson.
Tarean Folston from Cocoa Beach, Florida, appears to be down to Tennessee or Florida. Once one of these prospects commits to a school, you will start seeing the others fall into place. I think Tennessee tries to sign two running backs in this class but scholarships are tight and a numbers crunch may not allow two running backs to be signed.
Can local kicking specialist Jonathan King kick his way to a scholarship? X's forte is not that of evaluating kicking specialists. I will take it from an associate of mine who is a former SEC place kicking specialist. He thinks King is not only one of the best kicking prospects the Knoxville area has produced he believes King is one of the best he has seen in the Southeast in years.
A bigger question is will Tennessee be willing to tie up a fourth scholarship with a kicker.
Lastly, will top defensive targets like Jason Hatcher, Darius Latham, and Toby Johnson make return visits to campus between now and the beginning of preseason camp? All three of these prospects are high on Tennessee's recruiting board. Hatcher,  a linebacker from Louisville, KY, was on campus a few weeks ago with his mother. Tennessee is one of Hatcher's top schools and may be his leader; Latham, a 6'5" 270 lb defensive end/lineman from Indianapolis, Indiana is down to Florida and Tennessee. Understand he plans to make a return visit to Tennessee with his family later this month; and, Toby Johnson, the #1 rated JUCO defensive tackle a from Hutchinson Community College, is expected back for another visit later this month.
Landing any of one of these defensive prospects would give Tennessee's recruiting a much needed shot in the arm.
I will shout back before July 4th.
Peace
5/17/12:
'X' Says:
Yesterday we started the "IN" Game with "In the House", "In the lead," and  "in the hunt and mix".
Today it's "In Trouble"  (prospects where Tennessee has some ground to make up); and, "In Process" (prospects that like Tennessee but are waiting on offers or  Tennessee to complete its evaluation).  Yes it is only the middle of May but it is a good spot to see how recruiting stands
'In Trouble
All is not lost with these prospects far from it as a matter of fact. Simply, Tennessee has its work cut out for various reasons with the following prospects.
Frank Herron (6'5" 245lbs) Defensive line. Memphis. TN. Like many,  X thought Tennessee was in really good shape with Herron. LSU has made a move with Herron and is going to give Tennessee fits all the way to National Signing Day. Herron is a great fit for Tennessee's new defensive scheme. Tennessee is not of it by any means but this is one where there is legitimate concern. LSU isn't the only school to be concerned with. Herron like Ole Miss and Southern California has recently offered Herron a scholarship.
DeVontae Covington (6'4" 220 lbs) Linebacker. Rockingham,SC . All along Tennessee was felt to be the leader for Covington. Some even thought Covington would commit to Tennessee in April. Seemingly out of nowhere, Covington publicly committed to South Carolina. Tennessee is high on this kid and Jay Graham has forged a nice relationship with Covington. Tennessee will not go away but Covington's commitment to South Carolina was a body blow.
Antonio Riles (6'4" 250 lbs) Lawrenceville, GA. Defensive Lineman. At one point, Tennessee has the momentum with Riles. It appears Tennessee is now on the outside looking in with respect to the recruitment of Riles. Will be surprised if Riles leaves the state of Georgia.
Matt Rolin (6'3" 215 lbs) Ashburn, VA. Linebacker. See Antonio Riles except replace Georgia with Virginia.
Corn Elder (5'10" 170 lbs) Nashville, TN. Athlete. Elder is one of the best pure athletes in the state of Tennessee. The longer the recruiting process wears on the  more I think Elder winds up at another school.
Dane Rogers (6'3" 245 lbs) Shelby, NC. (Defensive End/Linebacker). Rogers talks a lot about Tennessee but hasn’t been on campus. Rogers is one of those prospects early season success by Tennessee would likely increase his interest in Tennessee.
RJ Prince (6 '6" 280 lbs) Albemarle, NC. Offensive Lineman. Prince was one of the top offensive line targets on Tennessee's board and a prospect Offensive Line Coach Sam Pittman had a previous recruiting relationship with. Prince was one of the first commitments to new North Carolina Head Coach Larry Fedora. Tennessee has not given up here. Prince's early commitment was a bit of an early blow to Tennessee's offensive line recruiting. Lots of work to be done.
James  Quick (6'1" 180 lbs) Louisville, KY. Wide Receiver. Quick, I have been told, was at one time the top wide receiver target on Tennessee's board. Quick has an offer,  is a prospect Tennessee is actively recruiting, and he talks favorably about Tennessee. However, he needs to get to campus this summer before I give Tennessee a reasonable chance here. Until Tennessee gets Quick to campus, I don’t see this recruitment  trending in a positive direction.
Derrick Green (6'0" 215 lbs). Richmond, VA. Running Back. Green is probably the most physically impressive running back on Tennessee's board. Green is big kid, skilled at running between the tackles, and runs a ridiculous forty time for a kid as big as he is. I know he talks favorably about Tennessee but I think Tennessee is on the outside looking in with Derrick Green. I will take his interest more seriously if he visits this summer.
Naim Mustafaa (6'4" 235 lbs) Defensive End. Alpharetta, GA. At one time, I thought Mustafaa was all but committed to Tennessee. Then, something changed. It is likely Tennessee believes there are other prospects on its board where they have a good shot at landing. Mustafaa appears headed to Georgia Tech or Georgia.
Mark Dodson (5'9" 185 lbs) running back. Whitehaven HS, Memphis,TN. Dodson and Tennessee are going different directions. Dodson is an excellent change of pace running back. Honestly though, Tennessee has a number of running backs on its board higher rated than Dodson that Tennessee believes are much better fits for their offensive scheme.
In Process
Prospects Tennessee is evaluating but hasn’t made an offer or prospects that have just received an offer Tennessee is building a relationship. In most cases, Tennessee wants to evaluate these prospects during summer camp. There are a couple of "In Process" prospects  could quickly move into the "In the Lead" category.
Tyler Cogswell (6'5" 220 lbs) Quarterback. Plantation, FL. Tennessee will take one quarterback in the 2013 class. So far, Tennessee has missed out on a couple of the top quarterback prospects on its board. No need to hit the panic button. Remember Tennessee struck gold last summer when Nathan Peterman came to campus and earned an offer. Cogswell is a big, raw kid who is more of an athlete than quarterback right now. He plans to camp at Tennessee. Could Tennessee go into Florida and grab another quarterback in 2013?
Brett Kendrick (6'295" lbs) Offensive Lineman. Knoxville,TN. Brett Kendrick is no longer a secret. Recruiters have made Christian Academy of Knoxville a regular stop this spring to check out this big offensive lineman. Kendrick certainly has the measureables. Tennessee wants to Kendrick to camp this summer to check out his speed and competitiveness. Could be next offensive lineman to grab a scholarship offer.
Neiko Creamer (6'4" 220 lbs) Bear Delaware. You may think wide receiver is not a position of need in 2013 given the wide receiver signees in 2012. Consider though one wide receiver graduates and there is a possibility than 1 to 3 underclass wide receivers could also leave. If this happens, wide receiver position becomes a huge priority. Creamer, son of former Vol Andre Creamer, is a receiver prospect beginning to gain interest from the larger schools. West Virginia, Rutgers, Auburn , and Tennessee have all been in contact. The question with Creamer will be is his speed. Is he fast enough? Look for Creamer to camp this summer at Tennessee.
Charlie High (6'1" 185 lbs) Quarterback. Knoxville, TN. High's measureables will not knock you over nor does he  have the greatest arm strength. High has a better arm than you think, he is exceptionally smart, read defenses very well, been coached well, and he is a winner. Tennessee has invited him to camp this summer. This kid is a competitor and it wouldn’t surprise me one bit if he earns an offer.
Bobby Billingsley (6'2" 275 lbs) Center. Memphis, TN. Tennessee has just recently cranked up its recruiting of Billingsley. Billingsley, from Memphis, is a teammate of another Tennessee target Christian Morris. Billingsley already holds more than a half dozen offers including offers from SEC schools Ole Miss and Mississippi State. Tennessee hopes to get Billingsley on campus this summer and continue to evaluate him.
Sean Spencer (6'4" 255) Defensive End. Newnan, GA. Even though injuries curtailed much of Spencer's junior year, Spencer is still a prospect recruiters are flocking to see. Injuries haven’t stopped schools like LSU, Ole Miss, Mississippi State, North Carolina and a half dozen other schools from offering Spencer a scholarship. Spencer has been on campus and Tennessee is evaluating. Tennessee wants to see more either this summer or in the fall to determine how Spencer has recovered from his injuries.
Davin Bellamy (6'5" 220 lbs) Defensive End. Chamblee, GA. You have to trust the staff on this one. Bellamy has seen his offer sheet multiply of late with schools like Georgia, South Carolina jumping on board. Yet, Tennessee continues to evaluate Bellamy. This suggests to me there are other prospects higher on the board than Bellamy at defensive end.  Even without an offer, Bellamy has Tennessee at the top of his list. Bellamy needs time in a strength and conditioning program to gain the bulk needed to play in the SEC.
Tony Jones (6'1" 220 lbs) Linebacker. Norcross, GA. Jones is a linebacker prospect Tennessee likes but they want to see more of him. I saw Jones at the O&W game and he sure looks every bit if not bigger than 220 lbs. He definitely has an impressive build.
Shaun McGee (6'3" 235 lbs)  Linebacker. Snellville, GA. McGee is a linebacker prospect we may hear more about over the summer.  McGee is big, fast (reported 4.6 40 yard dash) and strong (400 lb squat and 20 X 185 bench press). Tennessee has stopped in and checked on McGee. Clemson is interested as well. Plans are for McGee to camp at Tennessee this summer. Tennessee has other linebacking prospects rated a little higher on its board right now but McGee could crash the party with a strong showing this summer.
In closing, Tennessee will be hard pressed to sign 25 kids this signing class. Spots in this class from here out are limited. Tennessee is  in on too many good prospects and still has too many needs to settle. Defensive depth is still a concern. If you remember from the Orange and White Game, the first team kids looked like SEC caliber players. The second line players, especially at linebacker and defensive back,  looked a step slower and a tad smaller. The incoming recruiting  class and the 2013 class will fix the depth issue. Offensive line is a priority in 2013. If there is one position to have some concern over early in the recruiting cycle,  this would be the position.
You can draw conclusions for yourself. This is just a snapshot in time. Things will look differently 90 days from now say about the middle of August. Geez, football season isn't that far away.
Until Next Time
5/16/12:
'X' Says:
Recently I have been more than complimentary of Tennessee's staff in a couple of areas. As mentioned last week, Tennessee's staff has made a concerted effort to start and finish prospect evaluations much earlier, connect with prospects and get offers quicker, and convince prospects high on their recruiting board to visit campus. Tennessee's staff, still out on the road evaluating prospects, hasn’t slowed down at all. In the last couple of weeks of the spring evaluation period, Tennessee  still continues churning out offers.
The question folks are asking is just how well is Tennessee doing with all these offers? So X has came up with the "IN" Game. Yes, I do have too much time on my hands sometimes. Here how the "IN" Game works. Listed below are some 50 odd prospects. Each is listed in a particular category. Those categories are : "In the House" - committed to Tennessee (pretty easy so far) ; "In the Lead" (prospects Tennessee either leads for or Tennessee is one of their top schools); "In the Hunt and Mix" (prospects that like Tennessee but Tennessee is not really standing out. These are kids looking for a reason to bump Tennessee up to the top of their list, named in honor of Coach Fulmer); "In Trouble" (prospects where Tennessee has some ground to make up, coming tomorrow); and, "In Process" (prospects that like Tennessee but are waiting on offers or  Tennessee to complete its evaluation, coming tomorrow as well).  Yes it is only the middle of May but it is a good spot to see how recruiting stands.
One other thing. With  close to 50 prospects listed below, the discussion of each prospect tends to be a bit brief.
In The House
Tennessee now has 6 public commitments. We have mentioned each one before but let’s do it again. In State (3) Camion Patrick (wide receiver and x favorite); Austin Sanders (offensive lineman; and, Jason Carr (defensive lineman). Florida (3). Corey Verreen (linebacker and another x favorite); Dominic Zanca (linebacker); and DeVondre Campbell (linebacker) by way of Hutchinson Community College.  All are really good prospects.
In The Lead
Though nothing is final until papers are signed, Tennessee is  one of the schools considered a favorite to land these prospects.
Jaylen Ramsay (6'1" 185) cornerback, Nashville, TN. Ramsay is a national recruit. Offers from schools all over the country including Ohio State, Southern California, and most every SEC school. Those that have seen Tennessee's  board say Ramsay is at the top of the list with safety Vonn Bell. Tennessee is in good shape but there is a long way to go.
Toby Johnson (6'4" 295 lbs) defensive lineman. Hutchinson Community College. Johnson projects as the Number #1 JUCO defensive tackle in the country. Tennessee has been recruiting Johnson longer and harder than any other school.
Rod Crayton (6'1" 290 lbs) Dadeville, Alabama. Defensive Tackle. Tennessee loves his explosiveness. Excellent nose tackle prospect in 3-4 scheme. This looks like a LSU/Tennessee battle.
Derrick Henry (6'3" 240 lbs)  Yulee, Florida. Running Back/Athlete. Henry remains committed to Georgia but there is no doubt Henry and Jay Graham have developed a great relationship. Henry will be a tough pull but don't be surprised.  Some schools are recruiting Henry as an athlete. Tennessee likes Henry at running back.
Darius Latham (6'5" 275 lbs) Indianapolis, Indiana. Defensive Lineman. Building a 3-4 defense? Latham is the prototypical 3-4 defensive end. Latham, who has already been on campus  has yet to pare  his list of schools. I understand  Tennessee considers itself right in the thick of it for Latham.
Ben Bradley (6'2" 315 lbs)  defensive lineman. Hutchinson Community College. Bradley played high school football in Norcross, Georgia, and was a high school teammate of Vol to be Jason Croom.  Bradley is another kid that possesses ideal size for a nose tackle in a 3-4 defense. Looks like Tennessee's staff is honing in on JUCOs that can provide/immediate impact next season.
Donald Gray, Jr. (5'9"160 lbs) Memphis, TN. Athlete. Gray is one of the best talents in the state of Tennessee for 2013 and, to be honest, very few people are talking about him. Yes, he is a tad small but he makes up with the lack of size with speed and quickness. Tennessee stands in good shape with Gray but will likely have to hold off schools like LSU and Southern California (yes that is USC)  to land Gary.  If he winds up at Tennessee, look for Gray to get a shot at both corner and slot receiver.
Michael Hill (6'2" 315 lbs) defensive tackle. Pendelton, SC. Hill loves Tennessee. Tennessee will have its hands full fending off the South Carolina and Clemson for the services of Hill. He is another interior defensive lineman Tennessee seems to be in good shape with as this first phase of 2013 recruiting winds down.
Marquis Grayson (6'1 200 lbs) running back. Lexington, NC. Grayson is one of the top running backs in North Carolina. Here is yet another prospect Jay Graham is the lead recruited for. I have read articles that mention Grayson has other schools leading for his services. I'm being told Tennessee is right in the thick of the recruiting battle for Grayson.
Jaylen Reeves-Maybin (6'1" 185 lbs) Clarksville, TN. Athlete. Maybin has exploded this spring.  His offer list continues to grow. Maybin is one prospect Tennessee started recruiting early and it is paying off. I expect Maybin to take his time and consider his options but Tennessee is in good shape. I think Maybin is an outside linebacker or safety in college but Tennessee has offered him a chance on offense if he wants it.
Derwin Gray (6'4" 290 lbs) Washington, DC. Offensive Tackle. Tennessee has taken a few early hits with respect to its recruiting of offensive lineman. A few of the key targets have committed to other schools. This is a concern because offensive line is a priority in 2013. A bright spot  has been Derwin Gray. Gray, along with current Tennessee commitment Austin Sanders, sits  right atop Tennessee's offensive line board.  Gray is a prospect that can play for  most any school in any conference around the country. He is one of the top offensive line prospects in the country. Gray was on campus this spring and loved his visit. It is tough for offensive line signees to step on campus and compete for playing time in the SEC. Gray is a prospect that would have that chance.
Chris Duffy (5'11" 190 lbs). Indian Trail, NC. Athlete. Tennessee looks to be the leader for this former East Tennessean. Duffy projects as a defensive back in college. Defensive back though is a position where Tennessee feels very confident about where they stand with a number of highly rated prospects. You wonder if Duffy is one that gets caught in the numbers crunch.
Dorian Miller (6'3" 275 lbs) Metuchen, NJ. Guard. Miller is coveted by recruiters at either an offensive lineman (guard) spot or a defensive end. Tennessee is recruiting Miller as a guard. Miller holds double digit offers and one would think the home state school Rutgers will be tough to beat. However, Miller seems open to leaving the New Jersey to play college football and he has Tennessee firmly planted in his top three.
Mac Weaver (6'6" 235 lbs) Harding Academy, Memphis, Tennessee. Tight End/Athlete. Hard to imagine so few have heard of Weaver and he is approaching 20 offers. Tennessee unfortunately got a bit of a late start recruiting Weaver and was a little late to offer Weaver. Thanks to Darrin Hinshaw Tennessee has made up a lot of ground.  Weaver could play either tight end or defensive end in the SEC. Heard a comment that Weaver is as good an athlete  as any kid Tennessee has offered.
Kirk Garner (6'0" 185 lbs) Olney, Maryland. Defensive Back. Garner is one of the top defensive backs in the Mid-Atlantic but not even the best defensive back on his team. His teammate is 5 star defensive back Kendall Fuller who Tennessee is also recruiting. Tennessee has Garner rated as one of  the  top corner back targets on its board. Garner  is another mid-Atlantic kid Tennessee got to campus this spring. Garner loved it here. Wonder if Tennessee would take his commitment right now with so many highly rated defensive backs still on its board? Tennessee, Maryland, Florida State to name a few.
In the Hunt and Mix
Being in the Hunt and Mix in May is actually not a bad place to be. These are prospects that like Tennessee that are looking for that reason to bump Tennessee to the top of their lists. Many of these prospects will likely be on campus this summer and fall. Many of the concerns with these prospects can be cured by Tennessee hanging up 8 to 9 wins next season.
Kendall Fuller (5'10" 190 lbs) Olney, Maryland. Defensive Back. X would be remiss if Kendall Fuller wasn’t mentioned here. Fuller is rated by a few recruiting services as the top cornerback prospect in the country. Fuller holds over 30 (that is right 30) offers. Tennessee currently is one of his top 4 schools. Tennessee has got to get Fuller and family to campus this summer.
Mackenzie Alexander (5"11" 175 lbs) Cornerback. Immokalee, Florida. The recruiting services that don't have Kendall Fuller ranked as the top cornerback most likely have bestowed that honor on Mackenzie Alexander.  Alexander may be the top prospect at any position in the state of Florida.  Alexander is a former Tennessee commit who reopened his recruitment earlier this year when a number of former Tennessee coaches left for other positions.  The Alexander recruitment surprises me. I thought Alexander would be done to one of the Florida schools by now. Coaches Ansley and Hinshaw have done a fantastic job keeping Tennessee relevant with Alexander.  Tennessee thinks they are a contender for Alexander and hope to get him to campus this summer.
Give Derrick Ansley, Darrin Hinshaw as well as others on the staff for having Tennessee in the middle of it for three of the top cornerback prospects in the country... Jaylen Ramsay, Kendall Fuller, and Mackenzie Alexander.
Carl Lawson (6'2" 250 lbs) Defensive end/linebacker. Alpharetta, GA. Lawson shocked Tennessee by committing to Auburn earlier this year. Tennessee has not given up on Lawson and of late has started ever so slightly closing the gap on Auburn. Tennessee along with Alabama and Georgia will fight Auburn to the end for Lawson. Doesn’t hurt that a former Vol is Lawson's coach. Lawson is one of those prospects where a few wins would work wonders for our recruiting efforts.
Vonn Bell (6'1" 190 lbs) Safety. Chattanooga, TN. Vonn Bell is the #1 safety on Tennessee's board. Getting him to Tennessee is a huge priority for this Tennessee  staff. Overall, there is  not much separation between him and Jalen Ramsay in terms of importance to Tennessee in 2013. Bell is athletic, explosive, and has good football instincts. He has absolutely blown up in recruiting circles this spring.  Bell now holds approximately 25 offers including offers from schools such as Texas, Ohio State, Notre Dame, and Alabama. Tennessee has its work cut out but I still think Tennessee is one of the top teams to beat for Vonn Bell.
Alvin Kamara (5"10" 195 lbs). running back . Norcross, GA. Kamara is no longer the best running back in the Southeast. He is one of the best running back prospects in the country. He is a national recruit coveted now by Southern California, Notre Dame as well as SEC powers like Alabama, Florida and others. Kamara does very few interviews and his recruitment has been somewhat under the radar. Don't be fooled Tennessee is heavily involved here. Expect  Kamara to be on campus this summer and more than a few times his fall.
Jordan Wilkins (6'2" 210 lbs) running back. Cordova, TN. Tennessee is likely to take two running backs in this class. It is looking like Tennessee would like for Jordan Wilkins to be one of those backs. For a period of time, it appeared Wilkins and Tennessee were going in different directions but Jay Graham has got Tennessee at least back in the conversation with Wilkins. Still the Mississippi schools (location ) and Vanderbilt (brother on team) will be tough to overcome.
Brad Henson (6'5" 275 lbs) Toms River, NJ (Offensive Lineman). The offensive line is a priority this recruiting cycle and though its early a number of Tennessee's targets have committed to other schools are seemingly off the board. Henson is a prospect from the Northeast who seems to like Tennessee. Holding offers from many Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic schools, Tennessee is recruiting Henson as an interior lineman and expects Henson to visit over the summer.
Tyshon Dye (6'0" 200 lbs) running back. Elberton, GA. Dye, along with the previously mentioned Alvin Kamara, are the top running backs in Georgia. Though not an evaluator of football talent or skills, I’m not so sure Tyshon Dye wouldn't be ranked a little higher on my board than Kamara. Dye is bigger, maybe a bit better runner between the tackles, and seems every bit as fast as Kamara. Clemson has always seemed to be the leader for Dye (his high school football coach has Clemson ties I'm told) but Tennessee keeps hanging around in the recruitment of Dye. Dye will be on campus this summer.
Jason Hatcher (6'2' 240 lbs) linebacker. Louisville, KY. Hatcher has Tennessee in his top 2 along with Ohio State. Hatcher is an ideal prospect for the 3-4 defense Tennessee is installing. He knows it and Tennessee knows it. Winning would do wonders for Tennessee recruitment of Hatcher. Tennessee expect Hatcher to visit campus with family soon.
Kameron Miles (6'2" 200 lbs) Safety. Mesquite, TX. Miles is a top 100 prospect who has a genuine interest in Tennessee. It is no secret Von Bell is the top safety target on Tennessee's board. Tennessee though plans on taking  2 safeties in the 2013 class and Kameron Miles has firmly planted himself as the second safety on Tennessee's board.
Miles, the 86th ranked player and the 10th highest rated safety in the country, now holds over 20 offers. He has offers from schools in all six BCS conferences. The attention being paid to Miles by recruiters is obvious. He's an athletic 6-foot-2, 200-pounder who put up some pretty impressive numbers against top-level competition last season in Texas. Playing both free and strong safety spots, Miles racked up 101 tackles and five interceptions. Watch his film and you will understand why schools from coast to coast and recruiting him. Tennessee is heavily involved here and it doesn’t hurt than an ex-Vol is Miles' Head Coach.
Christian Morris (6'6" 275 lbs) offensive lineman. Memphis, TN. Morris is one of the top offensive lineman in Tennessee this recruiting cycle. Morris is garnering interest from most of the SEC schools as well as schools like Ohio State and Southern California. Morris has great size but needs strength work. I think Morris really likes Tennessee. I hear different things on whether Morris is a take right now for Tennessee.
AJ Branisel (6'4" 225 lbs) South Euclid, OH. Tight End. Tennessee is looking to sign at least one tight end in the 2013 class. Mac Weaver (mentioned above) may be a bit higher on Tennessee's board but Weaver could wind up playing on the defensive line. Bransiel is currently committed to Cincinnati. Give the Cincinnati staff credit, they were on the first schools to offer Branisel and they got him committed. Throughout the spring, Branisel has started receiving more attention for schools outside the Big East Conference. Can’t hurt that Tennessee will be using three tight ends this season about as much as they use the 5 wide receiver set. This is one to keep an eye on as there is a long way to in this recruiting cycle.
Check in tomorrow for Part II of my X-clusive report. We'll cover 'In-Trouble' & 'In-Process' Thursday.
And thanks to Smoothie King for the support over the past year. Yawl come back now.
Peace
3/26/12:
'X' Says:
'I’m one of those. All I have been looking forward to since National Signing Day came and went is today. Around my household, "spring hasn't sprung" until Tennessee hits the field for the first of its fifteen spring practices. Folks, spring has sprung!
This spring, like no other in recent memory, offers such diversity in compelling storylines.
This is either the beginning of resurgence in Tennessee's football fortunes something this fan base really needs. Or, this is the beginning of the end for another Head Football Coach. Hey, there should not be any excuses this fall. First, there is depth at most every position. Coach Dooley has brought in three solid recruiting classes; a schedule that is more favorable than schedules in Coach Dooley's first two years; a remade staff that, in my opinion, is much better from top to bottom than either of his first two; a set of offensive weapons that any team in the country would love to have; and, enough pieces and parts coming back to build a serviceable defense.
Admittedly, Coach Dooley was dealt a bad hand when hired. A train wreck would more aptly describe things around the football program 2 plus years ago to be honest. However, because of any number of factors including the shenanigans that went on in Lexington last fall, you have a coach who was fortunate to make it through the month of November and December 2011 with his job at Tennessee. So much for four years to turn things around, Coach Dooley is squarely on the hot seat going into the 2012 season. If things weren’t trending bad enough, Tennessee saw seven of his nine assistant coaches (including his recruiting coordinator) depart for lateral positions in the off season. A few of the coaches took jobs where they are earning less than they did at Tennessee. Coach Dooley also hired a Defensive Coordinator whose first game on the sidelines as Defensive Coordinator at the University of Tennessee will be his first game as a Defensive Coordinator in the SEC. He also hired two new defensive back coaches that are virtually unknowns. Neither has coached a game in the SEC.
And, if all the above doesn't put a lump in your throat, there have been whispers of locker room issues that continue to fester. Plus, this is a Head coach who, over the course of two and a half years, has appeared to be tone deaf at times toward the fan base.
As with every start to a new season, the players and many of those close to the Program are saying all the right things. Talk, my friends, will not get it done this year.
There will be a number of storylines that develop during the next fifteen practices. While some questions may be answered this spring , many of these questions will linger into fall camp and even into the start of the football season.
The following are just a few X will be watching.
Which players emerge this spring as team leaders? You can't coach leadership. It is critical for leaders to emerge as spring practice turns into summer workouts. Will Tyler Bray will be one of the team leaders?
Does a new offensive line and running backs coach breathe life into a Tennessee running attack left for dead last season? What does the starting offensive line look like coming out of spring. How much do redshirt freshman like Alan Posey and Kyler Kerbyson push the returning veterans?
As a group, are the offensive linemen in better shape than last season. Many looked slow and frankly not very fit last season.
Will young pups in the defensive backfield compete for playing time? As obvious as the poor running attack was for the offensive, it was also obvious the secondary last season lacked speed and playmakers. The only playmaker seemingly to spend more time on the sidelines than on the field making plays. There has been much talk about how impressive redshirt freshmen defensive backs Tino Thomas and Geraldo Orta have looked during off season workouts. Both are fast kids and both are coming off surgery. However, each has been healthy enough to go through off season conditioning without restriction. Let’s see what they look like when the pads go on.
Which players emerge as the top cornerbacks? Not sure Tennessee had their best guys on the field at all times in the secondary last season. Does Tennessee have two cornerbacks on campus that can line up and play press coverage?
Will Byron Moore find a home in the new defense?
Will the 3-4 defensive scheme give players Jacquez Smith and Steve Fowlkes new beginnings. Both these kids definitely look like SEC players. Neither has yet to play up to their potential. Smith never found a home in Justin Wilcox's defensive scheme. The light has never seemed to click for Fowkles. Time is running out for both of these kids.
Can Tyler Bray take the next step?
Can Justin Worley continue to improve and challenge Tyler Bray?
Just how good is Nathan Peterman and how far can he come in fifteen practices?
Will the Football Gods give Herman Lathers and Greg King an injury free spring. Two kids I’m really pulling for. The defensive can use both.
How will Darrin Hinshaw fare in his new coaching assignment with wide receivers.
Will DaRick Rogers participate in spring practice. If so, which DaRick shows up. The good Da'Rick or the other one.
Will there be an increased emphasis on downfield blocking by the wide receivers. The wide receivers were poor in this area last season
Are Michael Palardy and Matt Darr healthy. Have either one improved. Sadly, these are two questions that will linger until August 31st. George Bullock can't get on campus has enough
How much has Vincent Dallas improved since last season?
Will Cam Clear continue to build on the improvement he made during the last month of the 2011 season. Is that enough to supplant Mychal Rivera as the starter? Can Clear, Downs and Rivera all become effective blockers?
Can anyone block Darrington Sentimore and is he as good as advertised ?
Will there be a Christian Harris sighting?
Has Channing Fugate found a home as an inside linebacker?
Rajean Neal is getting his wish. He will be worked exclusively at running back this spring. Is he tough enough to be an every down back in the SEC?
Can Marlin Lane get through spring practice healthy?
Will another running back emerge?
The running back competition will be fun to watch. Well, since we can't really watch it, the running back competition will be fun to read about.
Can Tennessee get through 15 tough spring practices without major injuries?
And of course, there will be plenty of recruiting activity during spring practice. Starting with today as defensive lineman Darius Latham from Indianapolis will be on campus observing practice. Latham is one of the best in the country and Tennessee is firmly planted in his top five schools.
Look for a number of high profile recruits to be on campus throughout the spring leading up to the Orange and White Game. Also, look for Basilio to have information in this spot regularly throughout the next few weeks.
Speak it.
2/13/12:
'X' Says:
'It is always a good time to talk football recruiting isn’t it? Recruiting is such a part of the fabric of college football. Recruiting, literally never takes a day off. Most VOL fans are counting down the days to the start of spring practice. Me, I’m just looking forward to the next Junior Day (which is March 3rd by the way) . If recruiting is of interest to you, my guess is you've already marked this day as well.
So, let’s talk 2013 recruiting. Back in January, I posted a list of in state prospects that were sure to be highly recruited by Tennessee and other FBS schools in 2013. Three of the in state prospects on the list have already committed to Tennessee. It is possible a couple or more prospects on that initial list could soon follow suit. Here's the thing. There are probably another 10 to 12 in state prospects that I didn’t include on that initial list that will receive a look from Tennessee between now and National Signing Day. You’ll see more on in state prospects below... and there will be other names emerge as spring evaluations and summer camps get underway. Speaking of in state recruiting, the high school football talent for 2013 in Tennessee is the best in years. However, it is all relative. Tennessee is “catching up” with other states but it will be a long process. The talent in states like Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, and Virginia, which regularly crank out excellent high school football talent, is well, in one word, exceptional this year. As one who likes to look at the dynamics of putting together recruiting classes, I will be very interested in watching how Tennessee builds their 2013 class. For instance. How many in state prospects will Tennessee offer and sign? Will the 2013 class be more regionally oriented? How big a factor will Tennessee be in Virginia and the Mid Atlantic area with Sal Sunseri on board? All these little things are side bars but are things that make following recruiting interesting.
A couple of other things to note. Alabama may be a little squeezed for numbers this recruiting cycle while Georgia and Florida look to be able to sign fairly large classes. Because the Florida schools took so many prospects targeted toward defense in 2012, one would think Tennessee could be in a position to land one or two of the better Florida defensive prospects. In 2012, 14 of Florida's 23 signees are defensive players; Florida State 10 o19 signees are defensive players; and 20 of the 33 signed by Miami are defensive players. Hmmm.
Enough pomp and circumstance. Let’s get started. Expect Tennessee to be selective but active in its pursuit of Junior College prospects this fall. The focus will be on prospects that can get to school in January 2013. One who bears watching is Hutchinson Community College (Kansas) defensive tackle Toby Johnson. Johnson a 6’4” 290 interior defensive line player popped on Tennessee’s radar while recruiting eventual signee Corradelle Patterson. A couple of important things to note about Johnson. It can’t hurt that he was a teammate of Tennessee signee Corradelle Patterson. Next, Kansas junior colleges are limited in the number of out of state football prospects they can sign each year. If they do sign an out of state prospect, chances are the prospect can play. Johnson is from the greater Atlanta area and has said publicly he wants to continue his football career closer to home. Tennessee has built a relationship with Johnson over the last year. Ole Miss has offered Johnson a scholarship as has Tennessee. Georgia is evaluating Johnson. More schools will jump on board with offers to Toby Johnson during the upcoming evaluation period.
Devonate Covington, defensive end Richland County Richland, North Carolina. 6'4" 220 lbs. X has already said it but it bears repeating. Expect Tennessee to be active in North Carolina in 2013. Jay Graham has been recruiting Covington for months. Though Covington doesn’t hold a Tennessee offer, Covington has publicly mentioned Tennessee and Clemson as his early leaders. Covington is a defensive end/linebacker type who has the frame to add more weight. Look for Covington to be on campus this spring.
Tennessee is looking to sign at least one high profile running back prospect in 2013. Thanks to Jay Graham, Tennessee has gotten its foot in the door with a number of the Southeast's finest. Here is just a small sampling of running back prospects Tennessee is involved with.
One of the top running backs on Tennessee’s board hails from North Carolina. Marquez Grayson is a 6'1" 205 lb from Lexington, North Carolina. It is early but Tennessee is definitely in the mix with Grayson. Grayson took an unofficial visit to Tennessee last fall. I would expect him back for Junior Day or another date during the spring. Grayson’s early favorites are Virginia Tech, Clemson, South Carolina and Tennessee. Analysts believe Grayson may be the best running back in North Carolina for the 2013 class.
Tyren Jones, 5'10" 200 lbs running back Marietta, Georgia. Jones is a smaller running back with excellent speed and power. As a junior, Jones was the leading rusher in the entire state. Jones recently picked up a Tennessee offer. Clemson is the early leader.
Tyshon Dye, 6'0" 205 lbs Elberton County running back. Dye is one of X’s favorites for 2013. Dye is a bigger back but you can’t tell it watching him run away from defenses on film. He may be the most complete back in Georgia in 2013. Dye has excellent size at 6-foot, 205 pounds, and has the speed, power, and elusiveness that Tennessee is seeking. Dye will certainly make his case for the top running back in Georgia in 2013. Tennessee recently offered Dye a scholarship. Auburn, Clemson, Alabama, and Georgia have offered as well. This is going to be an interesting recruitment going forward.
Alvin Kamara, 5’9” 185 lbs running back Norcross, GA. Kamara is in the same class as the aforementioned Jones and Dye as running backs that will be heavily recruited by all the Southeastern schools before all is said and done. Kamara is lightning fast and runs with toughness. Tennessee has offered Kamara a scholarship. Clemson and Alabama are among other schools that have followed suit. Kamara has been on campus and will likely be back many times. Kamara is a teammate and close friends with Vol signee Jason Croom.
Seems like having a dedicated running back coach is helping recruiting. Thank you Dave Hart.
Garret Sickels 6'4" 225 lbs, Red Bank Regional High School, Little Silver, NJ. Sickels holds a Tennessee offer and has already been on campus numerous times (sister is a Lady Vol athlete). Sickels is listed as a defensive end but in Tennessee's new defensive scheme Sickels is likely an outside linebacker. Sickels is explosive, possesses good speed, and is a nightmare for teams off the edge. Sickels is a high energy type and actually reminds of former VOL Will Overstreet. Florida is involved as is Alabama and a number of other high level FBS schools for Sickels.
A.J. Jackson - 6'6" 233lbs, Lovejoy High School, Hampton, Georgia. Jackson is a very interesting prospect. Tennessee is looking to sign a tight end in this 2013 class. Jackson projects as a tight end or defensive end in college. He is athletic enough to play either position; however, he could grow into an outside linebacker or if he doesn’t get much bigger could play slot receiver. Jackson is an outstanding athlete and plays at one of the better high school programs in Georgia. Jackson is on the Tennessee board but doesn’t have an offer at this time.
Montravious Adams, 6'3" 290 lbs, Dooley County, Vienna, Georgia. Defensive Tackle. Adams is one of the best defensive prospects in the Southeast, a top 10 prospect in Georgia, and an early ESPN 150 prospect for 2013. Adams is dominating. Adams plays with very good leverage and seems to be able to play the pass as well as the run. Tennessee has already offered. Clemson and Alabama appear to be the early leaders.
Greg Gilmore, 6'4" 275 lbs, South View High School, Hope Mills, North Carolina. Gilmore is ranked as the 4th best prospect at any position in North Carolina and has already been rated as a top 100 prospect regardless of position in the nation for 2013. Gilmore, who holds a Tennessee offer, is a big bodied athlete perfect for the new defensive schemes being installed at Tennessee. Gilmore is raw and still needs a ton of work in strength and conditioning program but the talent is there. Gilmore is at the top of Tennessee's list for 2013.
Nigel Bowden, 6'2" 230 lbs, Macon Central High School, Macon, Georgia. Bowden is the prototypical inside linebacker. He is receiving interest from all the major SEC and Southeastern schools. Physically, Bowden already looks like he can play in the SEC. Tennessee hasn’t offered Bowden yet but he is being evaluated.
Jonathan Allen, 6'3" 250 lbs, Stone Bridge High School, Ashburn, Virginia. Outside Linebacker. Allen is one of the top linebacker prospects in Virginia. He holds 15 offers from the likes of Oklahoma, Michigan, Virginia, and Virginia Tech. Tennessee has offered Allen and Allen has expressed early interest in visiting Tennessee. This area of Virginia is a tough area to beat the in state schools for a football prospect.
Demarcus Walker, 6'4" 255 lbs, Sandalwood High School, Jacksonville, Florida. Strong side Defensive End. Walker already holds over 20 scholarship offers (including one from Tennessee). Last season Walker accounted for 14 sacks, 24 tackles for loss many times while beating double teams. Walker has mentioned looking out of state to play college football. Tennessee jumped into the Walker recruitment early. In state schools will be tough to overcome for a talent like Walker.
Darius Latham 6'5" 285 lbs Indianapolis, Indiana. Defensive Tackle/Defensive End. Latham is a prospect who possesses amazing athleticism for a 6’5” 285 lb kid who hasn’t stopped growing. Latham is from the old school. Two way football player(offense /defense) who also excels on the basketball floor. From watching his video, my guess is Latham winds up on defense in college. Latham would be a perfect fit for the new defense Tennessee is installing. Michigan, Tennessee, and Ole Miss are among the schools that have offered Latham a scholarship. Ohio State won’t be far behind.
Cameron Toney, 6’3” 210 lbs linebacker Huntsville, Alabama. Many will ask why include a highly rated Alabama prospect here. Alabama or Auburn usually have their way in state. Three reasons. Sal Sunseri had developed a great relationship with Toney before he left Alabama. Sunseri has continued to recruit Toney and he has been receptive; Alabama will likely have a numbers crunch with its 2013 recruiting class. Linebacker may be a spot where their numbers will be limited. This could spell opportunity for Tennessee; Tennessee has a glaring need in the 2013 class for inside linebackers. Toney is a perfect fit when his frame fills out; and, .finally, the Huntsville area is not quite as pro- Alabama/Auburn as other areas within the state. Tennessee has already extended Toney an offer as has Alabama and Auburn. Should be interesting one to watch.
Mike McCray, 6'4" 220 lbs, Trotwood-Madison High School, Trotwood, Ohio . Linebacker/Tight End. On defense McCray totaled over 90 tackles as a junior and for good measure had 5 interceptions. Equally skilled on offense, McCray tallied 10 touchdowns from the tight end spot. In 2011, McCray was named the Defensive Player of the Year in his region. Defensive is likely his destination in college. McCray likes Tennessee, has already been on campus, and has a Tennessee offer. Right now, he holds over 20 offers. Interestingly, Ohio State who many thought was the favorite for McCray has yet to offer. McCray is one of the best prospects in the country at both the tight end and linebacker position.
......And a little in-state talk to close thing out
Here are three in state defensive tackles for starters. These big bodied athletic kids are being evaluated by Tennessee and are sure to draw interest from other SEC schools.
Malik Brewer, 6’4” 320 lbs Defensive Tackle Boyd-Buchanan High School, Chattanooga. Brewer is hearing from Tennessee.
Garret Oden , 6’4” 275 lbs, Defensive Tackle, Humboldt High School, Humboldt, Tennessee. Humboldt has cranked out yet another very good defensive line prospect. Some believe Tennessee missed on 2012 prospect Tevin Bryson.
Skyler Sheffield 6'2" 300 lbs Chester Country High School, Henderson, Tennessee. Sheffied is built for the nose tackle spot. Mississippi State out in front early here.
And here are a few other Tennessee kids.
Vonn Bell, 6’1” 180 lbs, Ridgeview High School, Chattanooga, Tennessee. Though X couldn’t figure out whether Bell was an in state prospect or not, college football recruiters didn’t have any problem identifying Vonn Bell as a big time talent. The talented prospect is likely destined for free safety in college. Tennessee has offered Bell. A number of other SEC schools have done the same. Even though it is early, a lot of people favor Tennessee here. True, Bell grew up a Tennessee fan. However, Georgia and Alabama will be tough competition for Bell and neither school will go quietly. Bell has been on campus for unofficial visits and will likely be back for Junior Day in early March.
Walker Jones 6’2” 220 lbs outside linebacker Cordova, Tennessee. Yes I know. Why even mentioned Walker Jones? Jones’ father played at Alabama and has two older brothers playing there now. Headed to Alabama for sure. First, the younger Jones has developed a good relationship with Coach Sunseri. He likes Tennessee. Being the youngest, he may want to find his own way instead of following in the footsteps of Dad and his brothers. Just because the kid is a legacy doesn’t necessarily mean he is a slam dunk to pick Alabama. Besides Alabama has a numbers crunch in 2013 and will likely take no more than 2 linebackers (1 already committed). Alabama has to be the favorite but Tennessee is going to recruit him. Tennessee has offered Jones a scholarship.
Mark Dodson, Jr. , 5’10” 185 lbs running back Memphis Tennessee. Last year I thought Dodson was the best running back prospect in Tennessee. Dodson Jr. is a 4.4 speed back who accounted for over 2,000 yds and 20 touchdowns last season. I don’t see Dodson Jr. as an every down running back in college. He looks like a third down change of pace type running back. Dodson gets up field and to top end speed as fast as anyone on Tennessee's board. Tennessee is evaluating Dodson but no offer as of yet. Cincinnati, Oregon, and Arkansas are involved with Dodson. Look for Dodson to be on campus for Junior Day or to take in a spring practice or two.
Christian Morris. 6'6" 270 lbs. Offensive Tackle. Memphis East High, Memphis. Morris is the ideal size for an offensive tackle. He is athletic would likely need a redshirt year in college to get stronger and work on technique. You can't teach the size and frame.
Latavieus Rayfield, 6'1" 180 lbs. Memphis Central High, Memphis. Emerging West Tennessee receiver/athlete Tennessee is evaluating. Rayfield one of the most athletic prospects in the state for 2013. Look for Tennessee to stay involved with Rayfield. He'll likely be at Tennessee during the spring and could camp at Tennessee. Former teammate of VOL Cameron Clear and current VOL target Frank Herron.
NUMBER$
We aren’t to Valentine’s Day yet and Tennessee has already offered scholarships to approximately 120, 2013 prospects (yes 120). Compare the number of Tennessee offers to new SEC foe Missouri who has offered 25, 2013 prospects.
Tennessee offered 12, in-state prospects in 2012 (including 2 kicking specialists). Tennessee has already offered 10, instate prospects in 2013 (no kickers).
Tennessee offered scholarships to 6 prospects from the state of Virginia in 2012. Tennessee has already offered 8 prospects from the state of Virginia for 2013. 9 prospects from North Carolina were offered scholarships in 2012. 7 prospects from North Carolina have already been offered for 2013. Of those 15, 2012, offers to prospects from Virginia and North Carolina, Tennessee got 1 official visit (Korren Kirven). Look for that to change going forward.
So much more to follow. Next post will focus on offensive lineman, linebackers, and defensive backs
Peace
