Post a comment
Erin Barry, ex-wife of former San Antonio Spurs player Brent Barry, appears to be the "other woman" who prompted "Desperate Housewives" actress Eva Longoria to file for divorce from her husband of three years, basketball star Tony Parker. Text messages between Tony Parker and a mutual female friend had been reportedly found on Parker's cell phone by Longoria. Investigative reporters, celebrity gossip sites like TMZ , and bloggers eager to find out who that mystery woman might be quickly narrowed the field of potential candidates to one -- Erin Barry.
The sports and entertainment world was rocked Wednesday when the storybook marriage of actress Eva Longoria and NBA star Tony Parker officially became a divorce proceeding. The actress filed for a dissolution of the three-year marriage in Los Angeles Superior Court, citing "irreconcilable differences." However, it wasn't long until those "irreconcilable differences" became rumors of cheating on Parker's part, rumors helped along by even more rumors that had surfaced before the divorce documents were filed.
The rumors gained traction when Extra posted that they had confirmed that Longoria had discovered "hundreds of text messages" dating back a year on Parker's cell phone. That the person on the other end of the text messages was Erin Barry seemed to be confirmed by Rick Barry, Brent Barry's NBA Hall of Famer father, when he talked with TMZ about his son's divorce.
"I feel horrible for my son," Barry told TMZ. "I'm in shock. I knew [Erin] was moving out of the house soon and she was the one that filed for divorce. This is the straw that broke the camel's back."
Rick Barry added, "[Brent] is going to be devastated. I can't even imagine him going through this ... the divorce was hard enough news."
Making the cheating scandal worse is the known association between the couples involved. Parker and Brent Barry were teammates on the San Antonio Spurs from 2004-2008. Longoria began dating Parker in 2003 and she and Parker were known to be friends with Brent and Erin Barry. Pictures of the two couples together have surfaced all over the Internet.
But was there an actual affair? A source with People magazine claims that the text messages were just "flirtatious," that "he never did anything with her."
When asked at a press conference before the Spurs Wednesday night game about the allegations, Spurs Nation reported that Parker simply said, "That's my private life."
At the moment, the only things truly known about the situation is that Eva Longoria has filed for divorce from Tony Parker and Erin Barry has also filed for divorce from Brent Barry, Paker's former teammate. Everything else at the moment is mere speculation, including the identity of the other woman with whom Parker allegedly was having an affair and the extent to which the two knew each other and corresponded with each other.
Nothing like a few pictures, a few anonymous sources, and a divorce filing to get the celebrity rumor mill pumping out gossip...
******
