Tony Parker
generational influences
Here we will discuss characteristics and traits of Tony Parker's generation.  Of course, Tony may not share all of the characteristics of his generation, but he is greatly affected by the tone that is set by his generation.
The first topic focuses on the subconscious and emotional drive of this age group.  In this section we will describe a deeply felt urge - and even compulsion - of Tony's age group.  This deeply felt drive comes to the surface very forcefully, thereby leaving considerable upheaval and change in its wake.  The second topic concerns the dreams, fantasies and spiritual aspirations of Tony's age group.  The third and last topic describes what is new and different in his age group; it highlights areas in which Parker's age group tends to be innovative, inventive and unusual, as well as where it may be unstable and unreliable.
The characteristics described below may affect a group of people for anywhere from a few years to about 30 years.  There are one or more different astrological factors described in each of the three sections below.
The Subconscious and Emotional Drive of Tony Parker's Age Group:
Tony Parker is part of a 12-year group of people who are deeply interested in personal relationships.  Tony Parker's age group has a deeply rooted yearning for effective and harmonious communication between people.  There is little egotism involved and they are amply prepared to listen to the other person's side of the story, compromise and accept different points of view.  In fact, the need for harmonious, peaceful relationships is so strong that there is a tendency to overlook real differences and to only focus on similarities in an attempt to foster harmony between the different parties involved.
Interest in psychology and sociology is keen in Tony Parker's age group.  There is heightened awareness of social skills.  His age group will experiment with different marriage styles, family relationships, and even business relationships in an attempt to promote fair treatment and effective communication between people.  Interest and appreciation for other cultures is also strong, and Parker's age group will work hard to preserve and support the cultural heritage of all ethnic groups.
Deep yearning for equitable and harmonious relationships is also reflected in major advancements in trade agreements, arms control, and international cooperation that are designed and implemented by Parker's generation.  These agreements and policies foster a much safer and more cooperative environment for all, although there is also a tendency for greedy individuals to take advantage of the conciliatory atmosphere and twist situations to their own ends.
In short, Tony Parker is part of a generation of individuals who are deeply interested in other people; it is a humanistic and humanitarian group.  They will struggle and experiment with personal relationships, and forge new models for how people can relate as friends, family members, and members of nations as well.
The Ideals and Illusions of Tony Parker's Age Group:
Tony Parker is part of a 14-year group of people that are extremely idealistic and intuitive.  Tony Parker's age group is very liberal and expansive in outlook, and consequently religious institutions become much more flexible and eclectic in their approach during Parker's lifetime.  Religions that do not adapt to the broad-minded attitude of Parker's age group are simply unable to attract much interest or involvement.
Intense metaphysical musings are evident in Tony Parker's age group, and they share a very deep interest in all manner of psychic phenomena, UFO's, prophecies, etc.  This interest will open many new doors and insights, but will also often lead to a great deal of fantasizing and speculation that is taken more seriously than it should be.
The entire generation to which Tony Parker belongs has tremendous opportunities for spiritual rebirth and awakening.  This will not be forced upon Parker or precipitated by unavoidable events, but rather will come from an inner yearning and a natural propensity to seek out depth.
What is New and Different in Tony Parker's Age Group:
Tony Parker is part of a 7-year group of people who are extremely enterprising and progressive.  They are optimists and explorers.  His age group shoots for the stars, figuratively and literally.  Space exploration takes on new dimensions as Parker's age group pushes fervently to the next frontier.  There is a buoyant and youthful optimism and enthusiasm in his group, and it has its share of great discoveries as well as pipe dreams and disillusionment.  The discoveries and contributions, however, are many, and more than compensate for the failures.
Astrological factors in this Astro Profile section:
Pluto in Libra
