Page 1 of 31 2 3
Dec 9
Did Eva Longoria cheat on Tony with Lance Armstrong?
This story came from last week’s National Enquirer, and for some reason, we overlooked it.  According to their sources, Tony Parker has been hinting around to people that he’s not the only “cheater” in his marriage to Eva Longoria.  Eva was allegedly nailing dudes like Lance Armstrong… and Justin Timberlake?  Leo DiCaprio?  Kiefer Sutherland?  Here’s what I’ll buy: Eva with Mario Lopez, and maybe Timberlake and Armstrong.  I don’t think Kiefer or Leo would mess with it.  And since I’m a friggin’ child, just let me get it out of my system: DONGSTRONG.
When it comes to cheaters, Eva Longoria’s estranged husband Tony Parker hints it takes one to know one! The latest bombshell in the Desperate Housewives star’s nasty divorce battle has Tony Parker wondering if Eva carried on an affair with bicycling champ Lance Armstrong! The couple’s storybook marriage exploded recently when Eva, 35, found sexually explicit text messages that her 28-year-old hoops-playing hubby had exchanged with Erin Barry, the wife of his former San Antonio Spurs teammate Brent Barry.
Tony never slept with Erin, a close friend of his told The ENQUIRER. However, after being confronted by the texts, Tony admitted to Eva that he was “obsessed” with Erin. He also confessed that he’d had an affair with a different woman early in their marriage. But Tony has now turned the tables on Eva and believes that she may have cheated on him, too.
“They’re both trying to put on this public front that they still love and care for each other, but behind the scenes it’s a battle of cheating accusations, finger-pointing and blame.” As The ENQUIRER reported last week, Tony is linked to up to seven women, including Erin and a Pussycat Dolls dancer. Sources also revealed that he was jealous of his wife’s close platonic friendship with Mario Lopez.
But Eva had numerous other relationships that made Tony jealous. The “other men” in her life included 24 hunk Kiefer Sutherland, Justin Timberlake, Leonardo DiCaprio and Jamie Foxx, say insiders. It was Eva’s close ties with fellow Texan and Tour de France champ Lance Armstrong that sent Tony’s suspicions into overdrive.
Although they had a prenuptial agreement, Eva is seeking alimony. She earns a whopping $400,000 per episode for Housewives and has multimillion-dollar endorsement deals, but Tony is even wealthier.
He recently signed a four-year, $50 million contract extension with the Spurs. A spokesman for Tony denies he as accused Eva of cheating, but the hoops star has told his friends that Eva was “no saint” during their marriage, and he’s not planning to roll over in the divorce.
[From The National Enquirer ]
I kind of like how the general consensus is that Eva isn’t some innocent victim of a cheating douche.  Even if she was wasn’t screwing around on Tony (a big IF), she still had a hand in screwing up her marriage with her constant famewhore try-hard.  I mean, what’s more important, flying down to Texas to spend the day with your husband, or walking yet another red carpet for the opening of whatever envelope?  Also: I’ll buy that Eva was screwing around, in general.  Basically, I’m surprised their marriage lasted this long.
Photos courtesy of WENN.
Written by Kaiser         44 Comments »
Dec 3
'10
Erin Barry’s self righteous statement that she didn’t have an affair w/ Tony Parker
Erin Barry, the woman who allegedly had an affair with Tony Parker, one of many, has issued a self righteous statement on her blog denying the rumors. Erin is in the process of divorcing Tony’s former teammate, Brent Barry. Rumor had it that Eva Longoria discovered that her husband was a lying cheat when she found hundreds of text messages on his phone to and from Erin. Some of those messages are said to have included nude pictures of each of them, taken separately. Tony of course denied that he had anything going on with Erin despite all the evidence. Given what a pro-Eva slant most of the stories about the divorce have taken, many people assume that Eva leaked the news of Tony and Erin’s affair to the press after she found all the texts.
Erin claims that she didn’t have an affair, that she’s got more things to worry about than cheating with Tony, and did she mention that she’s an amazing mother, that she volunteers with abused kids, and that she’s going to law school? No, well she is and she’s so much better than all of this she can’t be bothered to respond, only she is responding. You know, Tony really does have a bossy, holier-than thou type.
Thursday, November 25, 2010
Greetings all,
It has been brought to my attention that people who do not know me think that I have had an affair with Tony Parker. I have received hundreds of emails and phone calls from supportive friends who do know me and know that what is being insinuated about me is a complete lie. I am so busy with my children and law school studies that to take even a few moments out of my day to address this ludicrous issue is an annoyance. I only take the time to explain myself because apparently my silence, as a result of my indifference, has been construed as an admission of guilt. These are my words and this is the last you will hear from me on this subject because I have more important things to do.
I DID NOT HAVE AN AFFAIR WITH TONY PARKER, nor did I “pursue” Tony Parker. Unfortunately, because our divorces are occurring at the same time, great speculation has been cast on our friendship. My friendship with Tony Parker had nothing to do with the end of my marriage (which is painful enough without this added drama), and to assume that we had an affair is naïve, ridiculous, and completely misguided.
Every day I dedicate myself to being a good person and the best Mom that I can possibly be for my two beautiful children. I pride myself on being a Mom first, an advocate for abused children second, and a law student third. Those are the things that are of the utmost importance to me. I have spent my adult life fighting for children who have been victimized so forgive me for not caring when someone tells me that my name is being dragged through the mud.
Salacious rumors are not what keep me awake at night. What keeps me awake is wondering how the 5-year-old who was taken away from her abusive family is sleeping during her first night in a children’s shelter. I worry about friends fighting overseas and whether or not they will return home to their families. I worry about the health of my children, my family, and my friends. I worry about soccer uniforms, carpool, immunizations, baseball practice, paying the bills on time, grocery shopping, the kid’s homework, and so many other things that may seem menial to some people; but to me are everything. Right now I worry about my law school finals… being a first year law student is much scarier than dealing with gossip!
Happy Thanksgiving. My family and I want thank our troops and their families for their sacrifices that enable us to enjoy our freedoms this holiday season.
Thank you for taking the time to visit my website. While you are here I would encourage you to get involved with (or donate to) the children’s organizations that fight child abuse and neglect in San Antonio or your part of the world.
God bless you and your family,
Erin Marie Barry
[Erin Barry's blog via TMZ ]
Give me a break lady. Just because you do charity work, are going to school and are a mother doesn’t make you “above” the rumors that you cheated. Newsflash: some people consider sending hundreds of sexy text messages an affair! Whether you screwed the guy or not, you cheated on your husband by carrying on behind his back. (Assuming this happened as we heard it did, and never did this woman deny being in contact with Tony.) When I hear about these ‘emotional affairs’ it makes me think ‘why bother’? If you’re going to cheat on your spouse, you may as well get laid.
Written by Celebitchy         38 Comments »
Dec 2
'10
Eva Longoria and Tony Parker have lunch, invite paparazzi and tell the press all about it
So Eva Longoria and Tony Parker had lunch yesterday and US Weekly has the details of how they’re peacefully trying to hammer out the terms of their divorce and are allegedly keeping it amicable. TMZ of course has the photos . I think this is meant to counter the rumors that these two are at each other’s throats following all the stories we’ve heard about what a conniving serial cheater Tony really is . Plus they filed for divorce in separate states, suggesting that they’re ready to battle it out. This photo op is clearly Eva’s doing, just like she was the one to go telling US Weekly about all the text messages she found as evidence of Tony’s cheating. I do agree that she was the wronged party and that it’s well within her rights to let her side of the story be known. At some point she should give it a rest, though, and realize that it’s best if she let her divorce unfold behind closed doors as much as possible. There’s nothing to be gained by letting it all hang out there, and if she wants people to feel badly for her like Sandra Bullock she needs to get away for a while and lay low. Here’s US Weekly’s take on Tony and Eva’s lunch:
Are Eva Longoria and Tony Parker hoping for a do-over?
Though the exes shared a meal at an L.A.-area hotel on Wednesday, a source close to the couple tells UsMagazine.com that “they are not reconciling.”
“It was just a friendly lunch to work out the details of the divorce,” the insider claims.
On November 17, the Desperate Housewives actress, 35, filed for divorce just one day after Us Weekly broke the news that Parker, 28, sent hundreds of racy texts to mutual pal Erin Barry. Despite Longoria’s heartbreak, a source tells Us the couple remains committed to ending their marriage with dignity.
“It’s been very amicable,” the source insists. “They still get along.”
[From US Weekly ]
US Weekly is the outlet that ran the whole divorce story from Eva in the first place, and they had another obviously pro-Eva story in their print edition this week. She got a side blurb on her “Tony-Free Holiday” that included the details that she “celebrated Thanksgiving with pals in L.A.” and “made a full [Thanksgiving] dinner, down to the cinnamon sticks.” You make cinnamon sticks? Their sources tell them that Eva and Tony “are speaking, but she’s still heartbroken.” As for what’s next for Eva, she’s “focused on her work” and is “not even thinking about dating.” She’s certainly thinking about how to spin the press coverage so that it’s in her favor. No one deserves to be cheated on and that can devastating. I get the urge to make the details known to the press. Eva could have waited a little while before she leaked this whole story and tried to make sure she was portrayed positively every step of the way. This lunch date complete with photos is too much.
Written by Celebitchy         34 Comments »
Nov 26
Enquirer: Eva Longoria’s husband Tony Parker cheated with seven other women
This week’s National Enquirer has an exclusive story that Eva Longoria’s estranged husband, Tony Parker, cheated on her during their three year marriage with up to seven other women. Tony, 28, is a point guard for the San Antoni Spurs and has spent plenty of time on the road away from 35 year-old Eva. It looks like he’s been busy with more than just sexting other players’ wives. We heard early in Tony and Eva’s marriage that he’d been cheating with a French “model”/prostitute named Alexandra Parressant. ( Tony sued , and many people believed his side of the story. Of course the cheating claims are much more believable now, but Parressant hired a finalist from Germany’s Top Model to record videos posing as her and claiming to have had an affair with Tony. It was all very strange and suspicious, although it’s possible that Tony messed with the wrong hooker and she was just trying to hide her identity.)
Both Eva and Tony have filed for divorce in separate states and this divorce may get ugly, especially once Eva hears about this. According to the Enquirer, Tony cheated with several other women besides this Parressant person and Erin Barry, the wife of his former teammate Brent Barry. His texts to Erin were more than just proof of an “emotional affair” as Eva allegedly found naked photos of both Erin and Tony among the messages.
Eva Longoria’s husband Tony Parker cheated on her with up to seven different women, The Enquirer has learned exclusively.
Eva found naked photos of Erin Barry on Tony’s phone
“Eva found not only sexual text messages, but graphic photos that Tony and Erin had been e-mailing each other,” a source told The Enquirer.
“Erin had e-mailed pictures of her breasts and other body parts to Tony, and he’d sent her cell phone shots of his private parts.”
The sexting had been going on since at least February, said the source.
“Eva discovered everything on his iPhone…”
Tony confessed to cheating once
A close friend of [Tony] told the Enquirer he’d confessed to Eva that he’d cheated on her, “but only once – three years ago,” and blamed the amount of time they spent apart for the breakup of their marriage.
But according to reports, Tony may have two-timed his gorgeous wife from virtually the minute they [married]…
Alexandra Paressant still insists on affair
The Enquirer tracked down Alexandra in Paris and despite the court victory and retraction, she maintains that the affair actually happened.
“At their wedding, Tony couldn’t keep his eyes off me, and he asked for my telephone number,” Alexandra claimed. Then he started sending me very sexy and suggestive texts. He called constantly to say that he wanted me.”
Cheated with a dancer, basketball groupie, and yet another player’s wife
Tony also cheated with a sexy dancer connected with the Pussycat Dolls… burlesque troupe…
The Enquirer has learned Tony cheated with a beautiful brunette basketball groupie from Phoenix, AZ, after they traded dozens of explicit sexts, the source divulged.
The woman – an aesthetician in her late 20s – bears a striking resemblance to Eva, said the source…
There were whispers that Tony traded sexts with the wives of other teammates besides Erin Barry, sources say.
“One name that frequently came up was that of a beautiful wife of another former Spurs player. That couple went on a tropical vacation with Tony and Eva, and they were very close, but Tony insists nothing inappropriate happened,” a sports media insider told The Enquirer.
Tony was also rumored to be secretly seeing another woman in France besides Alexandra Paressant.
[From The National Enquirer, print edition, December 6, 2010]
I know those women add up to six, but I think the Enquirer is counting Tony’s confession as a possible seventh woman. It’s probably worse than that though. There’s also the British model who alleges that Tony sent her sexy texts messages in a lame and unsuccessful seduction attempt. Tony of course denies this despite the photos and text messages the woman offered the press.
In Touch has a similar story titled “It’s Worse Than She Knows” that chronicles Tony’s strip club habit. He’s a regular at a place called “The Palace” in San Antonio, and would often head to the “VIP Room” with his favorite dancer, who is described as “a diminutive, Mediterranean-esque beauty who looked a lot like Eva.” A source  tells In Touch “Many of the dancers have seen him enter the VIP room and spend a long time in there with the girls. He would make friends with the girls and even buy them gifts.”
It looks like those sexy text messages and nude photos that Eva found were the tip of the iceberg. Eva is said to be anxious to remove all the tattoos she has for Tony , including a tattoo on her neck of Tony’s jersey number, nine, one on her wrist with her wedding date in roman numerals, and Tony’s initials in a secret place. Removing all those tattoos will be painful to say the least, but probably not as devastating as what she’s going through now. It hurts to be married to a dog.
Written by Celebitchy         65 Comments »
Nov 22
19 year-old British model shares Tony Parker’s texts and shirtless pic he sent her
We’ve heard that Eva Longoria realized her husband was cheating on her when she found hundreds of sexy text messages that he sent to Erin Barry, the wife of a former teammate. (Radar has the backstory on how Eva found out – by finding a program on Tony’s computer that he accidentally left open.) Reports insist that Tony and Erin only had an “emotional affair” that never escalated to a physical relationship. Eva is also said to have found evidence in Facebook that Tony cheated on her early on in their three and half year-marriage.
British tabloid The Sun has a new  interview with a 19 year-old model who offers text messages and a shirtless cellphone photo of Tony as evidence that he tried to seduce her too. Tony was allegedly even contacting this woman up until his split with Eva. We heard another story in 2007 about Tony having an affair with a woman who claimed to be a French model. Tony sued the website that reported that story and vigorously denied that it was true. It seemed like an elaborate ploy by a prostitute who wanted press and it was a complicated and strange story that didn’t add up . Now that more women are coming out of the woodwork, that earlier story seems more likely. Here’s The Sun’s report:
THE hubby of Desperate Housewives beauty EVA LONGORIA has been bombarding a British model with saucy texts, The Sun can reveal.
Basketball ace TONY PARKER, 28, even sent stunning Sophia Egeler, 19, a half-naked photo of himself… then asked her “You want a sexier one still?”
Beautiful Eva, 35, who plays sexy Gabrielle in the Channel 4 show, has filed for divorce in Los Angeles after finding steamy messages on the San Antonio Spurs star’s phone.
He is suspected of sending hundreds of texts to ERIN BARRY, 37, the wife of his former team-mate BRENT, 38. But he has been trying it on with beautiful Sophia too.
She met the Frenchman at an Ultimate Fighting show at the O2 Arena in London where he had gone with French Arsenal ace BACARY SAGNA and a sports agent.
Sophia told how Parker started trying to seduce her immediately. She said: “From the minute he met me he was trying it on. I had no idea he was Eva Longoria’s husband.
“He would not take no for an answer and was telling me how much he liked me.”
Eventually Sophia, of Brighton, was persuaded to go to London nightspot Whisky Mist with the trio where they partied in the VIP lounge.
She added: “I decided at 1am I wanted to leave but Parker followed me into the street. He begged me to come back to a house he claimed was his. I said no.”
Next day Parker began to message her after getting her number from a pal. But Sophia began to really worry when he sent her a half-naked picture – and asked: “You want a sexier one still?”
Parker’s flirting increased when he told her he was coming to see her in Brighton – and a day later sent a text saying he was there. Sophia said: “I was out with my friends so didn’t get his messages.”
The pestering stopped on Tuesday when news of his split from Eva broke. Sophia added: “When I heard I couldn’t believe it. How stupid is he to risk everything with her?”
[From The Sun ]
I guess it’s just a matter of time before more women come out, and they are likely to only be a small percentage of the chicks he was cheating with. Meanwhile Tony has filed for divorce in Texas, after denying an earlier report that he’d filed before Eva. Both Radar Online and TMZ are reporting that the couple has a prenup that specifies that Eva doesn’t get spousal support. Eva checked the box for spousal support on her divorce filing in California, however, and Tony has responded by filing in Texas to protect his rights. Radar reports that their divorce is not amicable despite their assertions to the contrary. It’s about to get a lot worse once Eva gets wind of this latest news.
Update: Parker denies this report and his rep tells Gossip Cop that they plan to sue. We’ll see.
Written by Celebitchy         43 Comments »
Nov 19
Tony Parker makes a boring statement: he wasn’t blind-sided & it’s private
In the wake of Eva Longoria’s Wronged Woman Famewhore Extravaganva , Tony Parker has finally made a public statement.  Tony is basically telling the world that he wasn’t blind-sided by Eva’s divorce filing:
“Eva and I have been discussing our situation privately,” he says in a statement issued by his rep. “I was aware that she would be filing for divorce in Los Angeles.”
Parker, 28, also denied a report – since retracted – that he went to court first.
“I did not file for divorce in Texas and did not hire divorce attorneys in either Texas or California,” he says. “We plan to continue to keep our discussions of this matter private.”
[From People ]
In addition to that, Tony told a local San Antonio TV station that “This is a difficult time right now for me and Eva… Everything else is our private life.” When asked specifically if he boned his teammate’s wife, Tony said, “Everything else is our private life. That’s my private life.  I’m getting great support from teammates and coaches.  Right now, I just want to concentrate 100 percent on winning basketball games with the Spurs.”
And Eva isn’t the only one in this divorce with a team of publicists – TMZ has run a few pro-Tony stories where “sources” are reiterating that Tony absolutely did NOT have sex with any woman other than his wife .  Now, did he sext these ladies?  Sure!  Oh, and that Brent Barry dude – Tony’s teammate - is definitely filing for divorce from his sexting wife.
Written by Kaiser         29 Comments »
Nov 18
Eva Longoria planned out her divorce filing for maximum media attention
Shocking no one who has been watching this Eva Longoria-Tony Parker tragedy unfold, TMZ is now reporting that Eva was planning to file for divorce for nearly a week, but she wanted to ensure she got maximum publicity from it.  So, she organized the Us Weekly cover with her side of the story, and plotted out a plan of attack using Extra and her BFF Mario Lopez.  And then TMZ and E! News got a hold of the info a day earlier then expected and Eva threw a PR hissy fit by demanding retractions .  Now, as I predicted, Eva lost a lot of media goodwill and people are calling her out for not just being a famewhore with her marriage, but now being a famewhore with her divorce too.  TMZ finds the sweet spot:
Sources tell TMZ … the divorce between Eva Longoria and Tony Parker was in the works for at least a week before Eva filed, contrary to the story Eva’s people are telling. And Tony denies he ever had sex with an ex-teammate’s wife.
Sources connected with Tony tell TMZ … Tony did indeed have a “sexting relationship” with Erin Barry, the estranged wife of former San Antonio Spur Brent Barry, but it ended months ago. The sources insist, “They never had a physical relationship.”
And sources connected with Tony tell TMZ … Tony and Eva were well aware that the divorce would be filed. We’re told Tony was planning on filing for divorce in San Antonio, Texas because it was more convenient, but, “Eva talked him out of it because she wanted to file in Los Angeles.”
Sources also tell us — contrary to the statement Eva’s rep made to TMZ — Eva not only knew she was filing for divorce, but it was timed to coincide with the Us Weekly interview.
As for why Tony and Eva are telling different stories about the divorce, a close friend of Tony’s says it’s simple: “She was into the whole PR thing.  He wasn’t.”
Eva’s people say Tony’s story is untrue … with one source telling TMZ, “Eva and Tony were still talking about working out the marriage up until the morning she filed.”
[From TMZ ]
I should mention – thus far, the only accusations of cheating have come out of Camp Longoria, and her Us Weekly cover story and her conversations with Mario Lopez.  That being said, I do think Tony was cheating,  and I doubt it was just some “sexting” situation either .  I also buy that Eva is hurt and betrayed and devastated.  But I also think she’s a famewhore and she wants to milk her situation for all that it’s worth, financially and gossip-wise.  She wants to be Elin Woods or Sandra Bullock.  The thing about Sandra and Elin though… they never threw hissy fits when some other media outlet scooped the story they sold/gave to another outlet.  Poorly played, Eva.
Written by Kaiser         56 Comments »
Nov 18
Tony Parker tries to claim that there was nothing romantic with teammate’s wife
All sorts of details have been coming out in the breaking story of Tony Parker and Eva Longoria’s divorce after just over three years. The latest news is that Tony was cheating with the wife of one of his former  basketball teammates , a detail that is thought to have been leaked by Eva to her BFF at Extra, Mario Lopez. The alleged mistress has been named, and she’s Erin Barry, the estranged wife of Tony’s friend, former San Antonio Spurs player Brent Barry. Apparently Eva found hundreds of text messages between Erin and her husband, which prompted her to file for divorce. She also supposedly found evidence on Facebook that he had cheated on her with another woman back when they were first married.
Celebuzz has an exclusive today with news from a “source” who claims that Parker was just friends with this other woman, and that their hundreds of text messages were “innocuous.” Give me a break!
As the world still adjusts to the news of Eva Longoria and Tony Parker’s impending divorce, Celebuzz has obtained exclusive new information about the circumstances behind their split.
A source close to Parker confirms rumors that the NBA star had sent numerous text messages to his former San Antonio Spurs teammate Brent Barry’s wife, Erin Barry (pictured above), but that the two had NOT shared a romantic relationship.
According to the source, the Barrys have been close friends with Longoria and Parker for some time, even spending New Year’s Eve together a couple of years ago at Longoria’s Los Angeles restaurant, Beso. The Barrys are currently in the midst of a divorce and, our source adds, Parker and Erin’s texts involved the two leaning on each other as their respective marriages went through troubles. A seemingly innocent exchange between close friends, it would seem, but Longoria appears to be prone to jealousy in her marriage to Parker.
One interesting note, Parker recently signed a four-year, $45 million extension with the Spurs. Eva waited til after that deal was signed to file for divorce.
Whatever the motive might have been, our source stresses that Parker and Longoria’s split is amicable.
[From Celebuzz ]
First of all, doesn’t every guy use this “we’re just friends” line when they get busted cheating? Even assuming this is true, it’s not innocuous to have an ongoing emotional affair with another person and in no way does it “help” a troubled marriage. If anything, it completely ruins the trust and feeds discontent within the relationship. When you have a new person on the side fawning all over you you’re hardly trying to mend things with your wife. Plus, if it was “innocuous” why didn’t he tell his wife about it? So either way, Tony got what was coming to him. I also love the detail that Eva waited to file until Tony got his $45 million contract nailed down. You know that he’s the one who leaked this story to make himself look like the wronged party.
Also, I read US Weekly’s cover story on Eva and Tony and nowhere does it say that she is positive that he was sleeping with this woman. Still, all these messages are damning enough on their own. How can she ever trust the guy again?
Written by Celebitchy         47 Comments »
Nov 17
Eva Longoria files for divorce 24 hours after media hissy fit (update)
I don’t judge Eva Longoria for filing for divorce – which Us Weekly claims she just did.  I don’t judge her for leaving her allegedly philandering husband .  But I will judge her for yesterday’s PR hissy fit in which her poor publicist was sent out on her behalf and used every threat possible to get TMZ, E! News, and People to print stories denials and stories about how Eva and Tony were not getting a divorce.  Instead of coming across as a wronged woman in the middle of the media train wreck, Eva chose to pull rank and lie and scheme and bitch and moan (through her rep) for 24 hours.  It says to me that Eva was more concerned with the public relations of the split than the actual split:
Eva Longoria Parker has filed for divorce from her husband of three years, San Antonio Spurs point guard Tony Parker, UsMagazine.com has learned.  The filing comes on the heels of the latest Us Weekly, which reports that Longoria Parker, 35, recently discovered that her husband, 28, has been exchanging personal texts with a mutual female friend for nearly a year — hundreds in just one month.
“Eva is heartbroken by the betrayal,” says one insider (Longoria Parker’s rep had no comment; Parker’s rep could not be reached).
The two met in November 2004.
They had a brief rough patch that year — “We were going through growing pains,” she explained to Cosmopolitan — but they worked it out.
He popped the question in 2006. “It was more than I’d imagined,” she told Cosmo of his proposal. “I was shocked, too. It was like two in the morning. He got down on one knee. He was so nervous, which is what I find so surprising and sweet. I said, ‘Honey, you know how much I want to marry you!’”
They famously wed in a $1.5 million wedding at a 17th century castle in Paris in July 2007 — in front of her Desperate Housewives co-stars, including Teri Hatcher and Felicity Huffman.
Baby rumors soon followed.
“Tony and I want … as many as we can have. Three, four, five,” she said in 2008. “We think about adopting too.”
The same year, the 5-foot-2 star dodged pregnancy rumors when she packed on 7 lbs. for Housewives (“I’m just fat,” she quipped).
The two appeared to be in fine shape this past summer as they celebrated his birthday and their third wedding anniversary.
“We’re thinking about it. Pretty soon,” he told Us in June when asked about starting a family. “She’s got one more year with Desperate Housewives, so we’ll see what happens.”
With their time apart, he told Us, “Skype helps a lot. As long as you both make an effort, it works … [but I miss] not being able to kiss her every day!”
[From Us Weekly ]
Once again, I’m not judging her for any of the marriage stuff, just the media stuff.  But I’ve wondered for a while why Eva and Tony didn’t have any babies.  Do you think their marriage was always on rocky footing?  Was the time never right?  Did Eva or Tony just keep repeating that now wasn’t the right time for their career?  Did Eva always know that the marriage was going to be a disaster and she didn’t want to bring any kids into it?  Hm…
Also – TMZ is confirming that Eva has filed , and they say she’s also requesting spousal support.  I doubt it’s a “Bitch, are you poor?” move, and more of “That son of a bitch cheated on me and I’m going to make him pay” move.  Oh, and they had a prenup!  Good for them.
UPDATE: People Magazine reports that Tony was allegedly screwing around with the wife of one of his teammates.  This is according to Eva, who is telling all to her BFF Mario Lopez.  Eva says she’s not going to reveal the name of the baller or the wife, but that Tony cheated with the woman earlier in their marriage, and she only recently found out that they were still in contact – hundreds of texts in a month, it seems.  Meanwhile, Eva gave an exclusive statement to Us Weekly , saying: “It is with great sadness that after 7 years together, Tony and I have decided to divorce.  We love each other deeply and pray for each other’s happiness.”
UPDATE: Oh, Mario Lopez/Eva is saying that Tony screwed around with another woman too.  So that makes it “two” and it’s only been 24 hours.
Written by Kaiser         140 Comments »
Nov 17
Us Weekly: Eva Longoria caught Tony Parker sexting   his lover
What in the world is going on with Eva Longoria?  Goodness. First it was TMZ and E! News, then it was People Magazine , and now her marriage/divorce drama has taken the cover of Us Weekly.  Us Weekly’s sources tell them that Eva and Tony’s marriage is in serious trouble after she caught him exchanging “personal texts” with a “mutual female friend” for nearly a year.  They also claim that Eva is “heartbroken” and that she wants to end the marriage and Tony is the one who wants to stick it out.  This goes against TMZ’s story that Tony was the one to file for divorce in Texas.  I’d also like to note something peculiar – Eva’s rep went around to every major media outlet yesterday and made them print retractions and denials about an impending divorce, and if the divorce is happening, Eva just lost a lot of media support for pulling what little rank she had over a series of lies.
Eva Longoria Parker and Tony Parker have split after three years of marriage, Us Weekly reveals in its newest issue, on stands Wednesday.  Multiple sources tell Us Weekly that Longoria Parker, 35, recently discovered that her husband, 28, has been exchanging personal texts with a mutual female friend for nearly a year — hundreds in just one month.
She plans to file for divorce soon, sources tell Us.
“Eva is heartbroken by the betrayal,” says one insider, adding that her husband confessed to the inappropriateness – which took place for nearly a year – after she confronted him.
Adds another friend, “Once the trust was lost, the marriage was over.”
Nonetheless, the decision to end one of Hollywood’s most affectionate and glamorous romances wasn’t easy.
“Eva truly thought she was going to grow old with Tony and have children with him,” adds the pal. “She’s inconsolable.”
Longoria Parker’s rep had no comment; Parker’s rep could not be reached.
For more – including Longoria Parker’s confrontation with the other woman and how he “does not want to end the marriage” – pick up the new Us Weekly, on stands now.
[From Us Weekly ]
Surprisingly, this Us Weekly story sounds like the one sanctified by Eva’s people, and maybe all of the other stuff was Tony not following her script, as Lainey theorized yesterday .  I don’t want to punch Eva when she’s down, so I’m not even going to ask what you think the chances are of Eva and Tony pulling through.  But I will say this – at the very least, Eva is getting headlines, right?  That must make her happy.
Us Weekly cover courtesy of CoverAwards .
