DAMASCUS: UN-Arab envoy Kofi Annan expressed "horror" at the Houla massacre of more than 100 people as he began a visit to Syria on Monday aimed at salvaging his battered peace plan.
Annan called the "tragic" massacre in the central town "an appalling moment with profound consequences."
The former UN chief said those responsible for the massacre must be held to account, and urged "everyone with a gun" to abide by his six-point blueprint to help end 15 months of bloodshed.
Syrian foreign minister Walid Muallem met Annan and the head of the UN observer mission in Syria, Major General Robert Mood.
Muallem explained "the truth of what is happening in Syria and the attacks against law and order which are aimed at sowing chaos... (despite) the reforms that Syria has adopted in all areas," the official SANA news agency reported.
World leaders have voiced outrage over the deaths of at least 108 people in the central town of Houla on Friday and Saturday, among them 49 children and 34 women, many blown to bits or shot dead at point blank range.
French President Francois Hollande's office said on Monday that Syria's leaders would have to answer for their "murderous folly."
His comments came after the UN Security Council -- where Syrian allies Russia and China wield veto powers -- on Sunday condemned the Damascus government's use of heavy artillery in the assault on Houla.
Annan told reporters in Damascus that he was "personally shocked and horrified by the tragic incident in Houla," saying the Security Council was right to condemn it.
He urged Damascus to take "bold steps" to signal it is serious in its intention to resolve the crisis peacefully.
"And this message of peace is not only for the government, but for everyone with a gun.
"The six-point plan has to be implemented comprehensively. And this is not happening. I intend to have serious and frank discussions with President Bashar al-Assad."
Those talks are scheduled for Tuesday, a Syrian official said on condition of anonymity.
Annan's peace plan was supposed to begin with a ceasefire from April 12, but this has been broken daily.
A watchdog said another 36 people were killed on Monday, a day after 87 died in one of the deadliest days of the putative truce.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 34 of Sunday's dead were killed in random shelling of the central city of Hama by troops retaliating for losses.
It said clashes raged on Monday in regions including Idlib in the northwest and Daraa in the south, where an anti-regime revolt first erupted in March 2011. The Observatory says more than 13,000 people have been killed in violence since.
Hi !
