NetEase Weibo
BEIJING, June 8 (Xinhuanet) -- Kofi Annan, international peace envoy for Syria, has given his 'bleakest' assessment yet on his six point Syrian peace plan. He has told the United Nations General Assembly the 'deal'-- signed by Damascus back in April, is not being implemented.
Annan is calling on the international community to come together. But divisions among the U-N Security Council's permanent members seem as wide as ever. China and Russia are reiterating support for Annan's plan and rejecting any moves toward military intervention. That comes as the United States calls again for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down.
Kofi Annan, international peace envoy for Syria, said, "I must be frank and confirm that the plan is not being implemented"
And to underline the severity of the situation, Annan reported that U.N. military inspectors had been shot at while trying to investigate the latest massacre in Syria-this time outside the town of Hama. The latest killings also provoked some harsh words from U.N. Secretary General, Ban Ki moon.
Ban Ki Moon, UN Secretary General, said, "Any regime or leader that that tolerates the killing of innocents has lost its fundamental humanity"
Syria's ambassador to the UN rejected blame for any of the massacres blaming terrorists And while Annan's plan is not being implemented that is not a reason to dump it says Russia and China - In a joint statement in Beijing, Chinese President Hu Jintao and his Russian counterpart rejected outside intervention in Syria or calls for regime change.
Back in New York China's Ambassador and chairman of the Security Council said the council wanted Annan's plan to work.
Li Baodong, Chinese Ambassador to UN, said, "The Council is united behind Kofi Annan's peace plan and behind his mediation effort."
After hours of closed door meetings on how to revive his plan Kofi Annan talked of a need for more unity and floated the idea of a contact group that would combine all regional players and all permanent members of the Security Council to find a political solution in Syria.
The US however is lukewarm on the idea. Susan Rice, US Ambassador to UN, said, "You can have all kinds of meetings and all kinds of conferences and there are no shortage of those but unless it occurs in a context where the violence is ended and where the government adheres to its obligations then there is really little that can be done to launch a political process."
(Source: CNTV.cn)
