Annan ‘horrified’ by weekend massacre in Syria
May 28, 2012|Bassem Mroue, Associated Press
Special envoy Kofi Annan on Monday called on “every individual with a gun’’ in Syria to lay down arms, saying he was horrified by a weekend massacre that killed more than 100 people, including women and small children.
Annan arrived in Damascus Monday for talks with Syrian President Bashar Assad and other senior officials in the wake of the bloodshed Friday night in Houla, a collection of villages in the central province of Homs.
“I am personally shocked and horrified by the tragic incident in Houla two days ago, which took so many innocent lives, children, women and men,’’ Annan said as he arrived in the Syrian capital.
He called on all sides of the conflict to end the bloodshed, saying “this message of peace is not only for the government, but for everyone with a gun.’’
The mass killings in Houla — one of the deadliest single events in the 15-month-old uprising — prompted sweeping international criticism of the Syrian regime, although differences emerged from world powers over whether his forces were exclusively to blame. Syria’s strong ally, Russia, said both the government and the rebels were to blame.
“Both sides have obviously had a hand in the deaths of innocent people, including several dozen women and children,’’ Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Monday. “This area is controlled by the rebels, but it is also surrounded by the governmental troops.’’
Lavrov spoke after talks with visiting British Foreign Secretary William Hague in Moscow.
Syria has strongly denied allegations that its forces carried out the killings, but the U.N. Security Council after an emergency session Sunday condemned government forces for shelling residential areas.
The brutality of the killings became clear in amateur videos posted online that showed scores of bodies, many of them young children, in neat rows and covered with blood and deep wounds. A later video showed the bodies, wrapped in white sheets, being placed in a sprawling mass grave.
The international rights group Human Rights Watch urged a swift investigation.
“There’s no way a Syrian military commission can credibly investigate this horrendous crime when so much evidence suggests pro-government forces were responsible,’’ said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East and North Africa director for the New York-based group. “Annan should insist that Syria grant access to the U.N. commission of inquiry to investigate this and other grave crimes.’’
The United Nations estimates that 9,000 people have been killed since the uprising began in March 2011, but hundreds more have been killed since the U.N. provided that figure.
1
