Truth exists; only lies are invented.
Wednesday, June 6, 2012
Kofi Annan to "float new plan" for Syria
This news has just come out the past hour or so-
Here and Here
Mr. Annan will float his proposal during a special session of the  15-nation council on Syria on Thursday, diplomats said on condition of  anonymity. The former UN secretary-general hopes his new idea can  prevent a total collapse of his earlier plan for a truce and negotiated  political solution, they said.
The core of the proposal, diplomats  said, would be the establishment of a contact group that would bring  together Russia, China, the United States, Britain, France and key  regional players with influence on Syria’s government or the opposition,  such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey and Iran.
By creating such a contact group, envoys said, Mr. Annan would also  be trying to break the deadlock among the five permanent council members  that has pitted veto powers Russia and China against the United States,  Britain and France and prevented any meaningful UN action on the Syrian  conflict, envoys said.
It would attempt to map out a “political  transition” for Syria that would lead to Mr. al-Assad stepping aside and  the holding of free elections, envoys said. One envoy said the idea was “vaguely similar” to a political transition deal for Yemen that led to  the president’s ouster.
The main point of Mr. Annan’s proposal, they said, is to get Russia to commit to the idea of a Syrian political transition.
 In what could be the first step toward the creation of Mr. Annan’s  contact group, Russia’s Mr. Lavrov on Wednesday floated the idea of an  international meeting on the Syrian crisis that would bring together the  prime candidates for Mr. Annan’s proposed contact group, including  Iran.
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, however, reacted coolly to the idea of including Iran.
It is unclear whether such a grouping would be able to agree on a  plan for Syria, envoys said. In addition to the United States, the  Saudis would have trouble working with the Iranians.
“We are very  far from being ready to create a workable contact group along these  lines,” another senior diplomat said. “But let’s see how Annan words it  in his proposal tomorrow.”
Related?
