Subscribe to Patrick Goodenough's posts
U.N. envoy Kofi Annan meets with Syrian President Bashar Assad in Damascus on Saturday March 10, 2012. (AP Photo/SANA)
(CNSNews.com) – Kofi Annan’s precarious Syria peace mission will cost  the world’s taxpayers almost $7.5 million, according to a document  seeking U.N. General Assembly approval for the budget.
Over the 10-month period ending December 31, Annan and 17 other  officials attached to the mission will account for a combined $3,022,300  in “salaries and common staff costs.”
“The effective discharge of the activities of the Joint Special Envoy  [Annan] will require international staff to support his office, liaise  with all relevant actors and manage the day-to-day activities,” states  the budget document, dated April 11. “The staff will have an official  base in Geneva and travel regularly to the field to liaise with relevant  actors.”
Annan was appointed in February as a joint United Nations-Arab League  mediator and brokered a plan calling for a ceasefire and “an inclusive  Syrian-led political process to address the legitimate aspirations and  concerns of the Syrian people.”
He has been traveling through the region and to relevant capitals  further afield, including Beijing and Moscow, to consult various parties  on developments.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, her French counterpart Alain  Juppe and others have already warned that the mission appears to be  failing, as a result of non-compliance by the Assad regime.
Costs of the mission thus far have been covered by U.N.  Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon’s “unforeseen and extraordinary  expenditures mechanism” but he is now asking the General Assembly to  approve a 10-month budget of $7,488,000 net ($7,932,200 gross).
Annan will be paid the going U.N. rate for an  “undersecretary-general” (USG). Under him will be two “assistant  secretary-generals” (ASGs) and two staffers of top “director” (D2) rank –  one serving as chief of office and the other as communications  spokesman.
Next will come six staffers – two each in the top three Professional  grades (P5, P4 and P3) in the U.N. system. Two will be senior political  officers, three will be political officers and one will be information  officer.
These 11 “substantive international staff” will be joined by another  seven others in the “general service” category – an administrative  officer, administrative assistant, personal assistant to Annan, a  security officer and three team assistants.
Current gross annual U.N. pay scales for professional ranks are: USG:  $189,349; ASG:  $172,071; D2: from $141,227–$156,476; P5: from  $106,718–$133,575;  P4: from $87,933–$115,018; and P3: from  $72,267–$96,282.
Annan’s two deputies were selected by the U.N. and the Arab League  respectively. The U.N. appointee is Jean-Marie Guehenno, a former French  diplomat and U.N. peacekeeping chief, while the Arab League appointee  is Nasser al-Kidwa, a former Palestinian Liberation Organization  observer at the U.N. (and the late Yasser Arafat’s nephew).
Apart from staff costs, the Annan mission is seeking an operating  budget of an additional $4,465,700, of which $1,6 million will be used  for “official travel” alone with a further $750,000 for “air  transportation” and $100,200 for “ground transportation.”
The remainder of the operating budget is earmarked for consultants  ($165,700), facilities and infrastructure ($578,400); communications  ($94,800), information technology ($135,700), and “other supplies,  services and equipment” ($1,050,400). These amounts include $30,000 to  refurbish office space and $81,800 for “information technology and other  equipment.”
The United   States contributes 22 percent of the U.N. operating budget.
The budget document outlines the objective of the Annan mission: “To  achieve through peaceful means a political solution to the crisis in the Syrian Arab  Republic, which will meet the legitimate aspirations of  the Syrian people to dignity, freedom and justice, based on the  principles of equality and non-discrimination.”
The “expected accomplishments” include:
--An end to violence by all sides, with troops being withdrawn from  cities and towns and returning to barracks, and armed opposition groups  committing to a sustained cessation of violence.
--A Syrian-led political process “aimed at effectively addressing the  legitimate aspirations and concerns of the Syrian people, without  prejudging the outcome.”
Under “external factors” that could impact the success or otherwise  of the mission, the document states that “[t]he objectives would be  achieved on the assumption that all domestic, regional and international  stakeholders will fully cooperate with the Office of the Joint Special  Envoy.”
Annan, a Ghanaian, was Ban’s predecessor as secretary-general of the world body, serving in that capacity from 1997 to 2006.
He and the U.N. jointly won the Nobel peace prize in 2001 “for their  work for a better organized and more peaceful world,” but the latter  part of his tenure was overshadowed by the scandal over corruption in  the Iraq “oil-for-food” program.
The program was set up in 1996 to help ease hardships faced by  ordinary Iraqis by allowing Saddam Hussein’s sanctioned regime to sell  specified quantities of oil in return for food and medicines.
It was later found to have been riddled with fraud and corruption,  and official inquiries resulted in numerous sanctions and prosecutions  for fraud, corruption, money laundering and other offenses.
Former Sen. Norman Coleman (R-Minn.), who as chairman of the Senate’s  permanent subcommittee on investigations held hearings in 2005 into the  affair, called publicly for Annan to resign “because the most extensive  fraud in the history of the U.N. occurred on his watch.” Calls to step  down also came from other critics.
Asked during a March 2005 press conference whether he would quit over the scandal, he replied, “Hell, no.”
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
More like this
