Latest
Jobs
Kofi Annan meets Syria’s Bashar al-Assad
On March 10, 2012 · In News
10:35 am
Tweet
Former UN chief Kofi Annan and International peace envoy  held talks with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Saturday, state media said, in a crux bid to try to stop a nearly year-old uprising spiralling into civil war.
“President Bashar al-Assad is receiving Kofi Annan, envoy of the UN secretary general,” the official SANA news agency said
After another 70 civilians were killed on Friday in a conflict that human rights watchdogs say has cost more than 8,500 lives since March last year, Annan was due to holds talks with President Bashar al-Assad on his first visit since his appointment as international envoy on the conflict.
Emissary of the United Nations and the Arab League, Annan has the support of Damascus allies Beijing and Moscow and his mission has been welcomed by the both the Syrian government and opposition.
Current UN chief Ban Ki-moon said that Annan would demand an immediate end to the violence and aid agency access to besieged protest cities to evacuate casualties and provide desperately needed relief supplies to civilians trapped by the fighting.
“I very strongly urged Kofi Annan to ensure there must be an immediate ceasefire,” Ban said.
“I also asked him to urge Assad to facilitate humanitarian assistance and access.”
Ban said that Annan would seek to encourage dialogue between Assad’s government and the opposition but that he would not meet opposition figures inside Syria and would not travel outside Damascus on his two-day visit.
His predecessor would meet Assad, other government officials, “civil society” representatives and aid workers in the Syrian capital, Ban told reporters at UN headquarters.
“He will be engaging with opposition leaders outside of Syria,” Ban added. “There should be an inclusive political solution.”
When he leaves Damascus on Sunday, Annan will travel on to neighbouring countries to press his mission to end the bloodshed, the UN chief said.
Diplomatic sources said his first port of call would be Turkey, which has taken a very tough line against Assad’s regime over its deadly crackdown.
Annan’s visit comes a day after UN humanitarian chief Valerie Amos left Damascus after a hard-won but troubled mission to secure relief access to protest centres such as Syria’s third largest city Homs.
After a brief visit to Homs on Thursday, Amos said much of the city had been “devastated” by the intense bombardment of rebel neighbourhoods by regime forces in recent months.
Twenty-eight of the 70 people killed in Syria on Friday lost their lives in Homs, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
Speaking in Ankara on Friday, Amos said a “joint preliminary humanitarian assessment mission” had been agreed, to provide assistance to people urgently in need of it.
The mission would only be a “first step”, she said, insisting that Damascus must allow aid groups “unhindered access to evacuate the wounded and deliver desperately needed supplies.”
No UN aid agencies are currently allowed into Syria and information is scarce on the details of the civilians’ needs.
But a UN spokeswoman in Geneva said 1.5 million people might be in need of food aid.
Following Amos’s visit, China on Friday offered $2 million of humanitarian aid to improve the humanitarian conditions in different parts of Syria.
Beijing and Moscow have drawn Western anger by blocking Arab- and Western-led efforts at the UN Security Council to pile pressure on Assad’s regime.
Both used their veto powers as permanent members to block resolutions in October and again last month.
The United States said Friday it was “not overly optimistic” about a new attempt at passing a resolution despite mounting Arab and Western pressure on Russia to support it.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she would seek Moscow’s support when she meets Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on the sidelines of a Security Council meeting on the Arab Spring in New York on Monday.
Russia said it regarded the latest US draft as “unbalanced” because it did not contain a call for a simultaneous halt to violence by Syrian government forces and the rebels.
The Russian foreign minister was to join his Arab counterparts in Cairo later on Saturday for talks on the Syrian crisis.
The 22-member Arab League, from which Syria was suspended in November, league has warned of the “broader implications” for Russia and China’s relations with the Arab world of their stance on the conflict, Clinton spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said.
Interfax quoted Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov as saying the resolution’s “main problem” was “the absence of a simultaneous call on all sides to take practical steps in the context of ceasing fire.”
Gatilov said Russia was receiving reports that the UN Security Council intended to put the US-backed resolution up for a vote Monday.
