Opinion | Columnists
Syria deserves better than Kofi Annan
A mission that is doomed to fail from start and global powers with divergent objectives will only prolong the people's misery
By Joseph A. Kechichian, Special to Gulf News
Published: 00:00 April 19, 2012
Image Credit: Illustration: Dana A.Shams/©Gulf News
Whether there was anyone better than Kofi Annan to broker a permanent ceasefire in Syria will be debated for years to come. Though it may be too soon to pass judgement on the joint United Nations-League of Arab States (LAS) envoy, futile efforts to secure a cessation of hostilities and dispatch UN observers are nothing but a mockery, especially after Damascus promptly violated Annan’s own terms. Burying his head in the proverbial desert sand, Annan believes that President Bashar Al Assad will stop the killings, though the evidence on the ground points in another direction. Under the circumstances, should Annan be thanked for past efforts, and excused from further services?
To say that Syria deserves better attention than it is receiving from the international community would be an understatement. By agreeing to dispatch a few hundred monitors — whose conclusions will mimic what LAS observers offered a few months ago — UN Security Council members affirmed their dereliction since the targeted April 10 ceasefire evaporated even before the day was out. Sadly, world leaders patted each others’ back for their latest accomplishment, though it was pure fantasy.
To be sure, Annan’s hands were tied by Russia and China, but his monumental errors included an insistence to equate the Syrian regime and opposition forces even if the comparison was silly. His resolve that both sides exchange prisoners was juvenile as the Al Assad regime maintained that the handful of its men taken prisoner by the Free Syria Army (FSA) required that it pursue combat, neglecting to reveal any information on the tens of thousands of Damascenes held in its universally condemned jails.
Annan’s plan promised to end all violence by the Syrian government was followed, within 48 hours, by a similar halt in fighting from the opposition. These were supposed to allow sorely needed humanitarian assistance to reach the needy and allow journalists free access. Finally, Annan promised to initiate a dialogue between the state and opposition forces, all of which pleased spectators perched over the Hudson River in New York City.
Article continues below
Yet no one believed that Al Assad would honour the agreement, given his existential struggle to remain in power. For complicated domestic reasons, however, leading Western countries chose to wait the process out, even if most knew that Russia and China stymied the UN’s ephemeral humanitarian goodwill. Syria was relegated to the backburner, which was the reason why most agreed to the Annan mission.
In the United States, the presidential campaign essentially meant that Barack Obama’s attention was elsewhere, while his most likely opponent, Mitt Romney, solidified his shaky base. In France, the outgoing president, Nicolas Sarkozy, wished to forget how he honoured Bashar Al Assad on July 14, 2008 when he invited the Syrians to watch the annual military parade on the Champs-Elysées from the official podium. Even Israel, a country that repeatedly demonstrated its support for the Al Assad regime on account of its unbroken pledge to maintain peace over the Golan Heights, was reticent to side with those who may, just may, contemplate liberating occupied Syrian territories. Truth be told, Israelis were quite at ease with the Baath regime they knew well and admired — given inherent similarities, pretenses of democratisation notwithstanding — and were wary of any nationalist or pro-Islamist governments that could come to power in Damascus.
Against Western preoccupations, a cynical Russia along with an oblivious China were mired in “Great Games” politics, hoping to benefit from the current global chaos. Russia was chiefly concerned with its unrestricted access to the Tartus strategic naval base and to recover most, if not all, of Syria’s voluminous financial debt [though the Kremlin forgave around $10 billion (Dh36.7 billion) of Damascus’s $14 billion Soviet-era debt in 2005, new arms agreements since then brought the new bill owed Russia to an estimated $5 billion]. China, on the other hand, feared a global spillover of the Arab Spring into its own society and it was worth noting that Beijing routinely censored internet sites that covered the Arab uprisings.
To his credit, Al Assad noted that Ankara, even after Syria violated Turkish territorial integrity as it attacked refugees in Kilis, did not lodge a formal objection. Ankara’s silence led one to wonder what Turks made of their oft-declared sovereignty. Perhaps it was not as ironclad as many assumed or, more correctly, that Turkey was clueless about how to end the Syrian agony. This partially explained Ankara’s numerous two-week warnings issued by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Foreign Minister Ahmad Davutoglu, warnings that collected dust along the long Turkish-Syrian border.
Naturally, Kofi Annan received Arab backing in the quest to broker a ceasefire, though it must be acknowledged that certain Arab rulers feared the spillover effects of a regime change in Damascus. Only Saudi Arabia and Qatar mustered the necessary political courage to oppose delay tactics that cost even more lives than necessary before the regime was eventually toppled. Yet, in the post-Libya era, the LAS was no longer the same organisation and could no longer tolerate regimes like the Baathist within its ranks, and it behooved everyone within the international community to note that the world in 2012 was a different place than in 1945.
Regrettably, Kofi Anan’s plan helped the regime prolong the agony of the Syrian people and was, inherently, lopsided against the long-term interests of a nation that wanted to liberate itself from the Baath strangulation. If certain countries pressured Riyadh and Doha to slow down military assistance to the FSA, ostensibly to prevent a civil war, the onus was now on Russia to manage the transition to a post-Al Assad regime. Still, the reason why the Annan Plan failed was because it was unclear from the start.
Of course, Syrians can still end the manipulation of the international community by stopping the masquerade of meetings in Istanbul and elsewhere, which highlight divisions within the opposition. Simply stated, the opposition must speak with a single voice. Period. The Syrian National Council must also find ways to end confessional divisions that were created and masterfully manipulated by the state. Finally, it must seek and channel to the FSA, effective weapons to create a wedge within the Syrian Arab Army that will encourage a coup d’etat, and usher in an interim government before free elections determine the country’s future leadership.
Reasonable people may disagree on how best to restore peace and stability in Syria, but few can honestly say that this regime will be entrusted with that mission. Regrettably, the Kofi Annan mission, which was approved on March 21 and was supposed to take effect on April 10, proved to be a predictable failure, which means that the onus is on Arab leaders to figure out how to stop the bloodshed. It is now increasingly clear that relying on international actors with contradictory and largely irrelevant objectives will only prolong the suffering of millions and further ensure that the end will be far worse than most can fathom.
Dr. Joseph A. Kechichian is a commentator and author of several books on Gulf affairs.
