Syria gov't denies fault in massacre
The United Nations human rights office said Tuesday that the global body's investigators had concluded that children were among almost 90 people summarily executed in Houla on Friday.
A spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said U.N. monitors found that less than 20 of the 108 people killed died from artillery fire.
Rupert Colville told reporters in Geneva that most of the other victims were summarily executed in two separate incidents. Activists had previously said that most of those killed in were the victims of pro-government thugs who stormed the area.
The Houla killings prompted sweeping international condemnation and the harshest language yet from Syrian ally Russia — potentially making it a turning point in the crisis that has killed more than 9,000 people.
Syrian Vice Foreign Minister Faisal Miqdad told reporters Tuesday as he escorted the international envoy to the presidential palace that Damascus was committed to see Annan's plan succeed.
"We have done all the arrangements needed and we provided all the facilities so that the (U.N.) mission does what is necessary. There wasn't a single violation from our side, unlike the other party (rebel forces) which did not commit to the primary understanding with the U.N.," the Syrian official said.
Syrian opposition groups, the U.S. and its allies, and even the U.N. have rejected that argument, saying both the government and the rebels are guilty of violating the ceasefire agreement. The U.S. and its European allies have accused the Assad regime of using the pretext of the Annan plan as a means of continuing the vicious assault on Syrian citizens.
Miqdad, however, blamed the failure of Annan's plan to take hold squarely on "the opposition and the countries which are financing and arming the opposition."
© 2012 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. 5
