Read more: U.N. rights chief warns of full civil war in Syria
BEIRUT — Saying he is impatient and frustrated, special envoy Kofi Annan called on the Syrian president Friday to implement a U.N.-brokered peace plan following a horrific weekend massacre that killed more than 100 people.
The appeal came as the international community faced increasing pressure to act against the regime as frustration mounts over the Houla killings and the failure of Annan's plan to stop the bloodshed.
Nearly 300 U.N. observers have been deployed around Syria to monitor a cease-fire that was supposed to go into effect on April 12, but the peace plan has unraveled amid daily violence and the images from the Houla massacre caused outrage to spike. Many of the dead were women and children who were gunned down inside their homes.
U.N. investigators have said there are strong suspicions that pro-regime gunmen are responsible for at least some of the killings during the Houla massacre, which occurred over several hours starting late last Friday. The government denies any role and blames rebel fighters.
Members of the U.N.'s top human rights body overwhelmingly decided Friday to condemn Syria over the killings, with only Russia, China and Cuba voting against the U.S.-backed resolution. Russia and China have twice shielded Assad's regime from the United Nations sanctions over his crackdown on protests.
But Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted Friday that Moscow wants to help Annan achieve "positive results" and prevent an all-out civil war in Syria. He rejected assertions that Moscow is propping up Assad's regime.
"We don't support any of the parties that are creating threats of a civil war," he told reporters in Berlin.
In fresh violence Friday, Syrian security forces opened fire as thousands of protesters poured into the streets to mark the Houla massacre, activists said. Activists said at least five people were killed in shooting in the northern provinces of Aleppo and Idlib and the southern Daraa province.
Gunmen also reportedly killed 11 workers on their way to work Thursday at a state-owned fertilizer factory in the central province of Homs — the third mass killing reported in Syria in a week.
Page:
