Kofi Annan, the U.N.-Arab League Joint Special Envoy for Syria, speaks during a press conference after his meeting with Lebanese Prime Minister Najib Mikati, unseen, at the governmental palace in Beirut, Lebanon, Friday, June 1, 2012.  (AP Photo/Hussein Malla)
By Regan Doherty
DOHA, June 2 (Reuters) - International envoy Kofi Annan on  Saturday criticised President Bashar al-Assad for failing to  comply with a peace plan to end the Syria conflict and said his  forces were carrying out atrocities, arbitrary arrests and other  abuses regardless of the world outcry against him.
At a meeting with members of the Arab League, Annan gave a  bleak assessment of the situation in Syria 15 months on from the  start of the anti-Assad uprising.
He conceded that efforts by the United Nations and the Arab  League to make a ceasefire take hold had failed and said the  prospect of an all-out war was growing by the day, risking  drawing in the whole region.
Annan, a former Nobel Peace Prize laureate who is acting as  Syria envoy for the United Nations and the Arab League, said he  told Assad in "very direct and frank terms" when they met in  Damascus last Tuesday that he must act to implement all points  of the peace plan.
"He must make bold and visible steps immediately to  radically change his military posture and honour his commitment  to withdraw heavy weapons and cease all violence.
"What is important is not the words he uses but the action  he takes - now."
The uprising against Assad - who succeeed his late father  Hafez in 2000 to perpetuate the family dynasty - broke out last  March and has grown from peaceful protests to armed insurgency.
The ferocity of the crackdown on the opposition by  government forces has appalled the international community.
But Annan's peace plan appears to be the only option on the  table, even if it looks increasingly forlorn, as foreign  governments are reluctant to intervene militarily and Russia is  defending Assad on the diplomatic front.
The massacre last week of more than 100 men, women and  children in eastern Houla region, believed by U.N. monitors to  have been the work pro-Assad militias and soldiers, caused  renewed outrage.
Annan said the Houla massacre was a terrible crime. "Worst  of all, it is one of many atrocities to have taken place.
"Hundreds of thousands of Syrians are internally displaced.  Meanwhile, arbitrary detentions continue, and alongside that,  widespread allegations of human rights abuses of all kinds," he  said.
In Syria, opposition activists reported more violence on  Saturday. Rebels killed six soldiers in the southern province of  Deraa and at least eight others in clashes on the outskirts of  the capital Damascus, the British-based Syrian Observatory for  Human Rights said.
The Observatory also said two civilians were killed on  Saturday, one during army raids in Damascus and one by gunfire  in the city of Homs, the target of a brutal siege in February  and March.
Since the conflict started, Assad's forces have killed 7,500  people, according to a U.N. toll. The government, which portrays  the unrest as the work of foreign-backed terrorists, says more  than 2,600 soldiers or security agents have been killed.
TIME LIMIT
At the Arab League meeting, Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin  Jassim al-Thani of Qatar said Annan should set a time limit for  his peace mission.
The sheikh, whose country supports arming the mainly Sunni  Muslim insurgents fighting to topple Assad, also called on the  U.N. Security Council to put Annan's plan under Chapter 7 of the  U.N. charter, a measure that could authorise the use of force.
The increasingly sectarian nature of the conflict is fueling  international concern that the conflict could crack open the  Middle East's religious and ethinic mosaic if unchecked.
The Assad clan is Alawite, an offshoot of Shi'ite Islam, and  he is backed by Iran and many Shi'ites in neighbouring Lebanon,  including Hezbollah. Sunni-ruled Gulf Arab states, led by Saudi  Arabia, have spearheaded international oppposition to Assad.
"The spectre of all-out civil war, with a worrying sectarian  dimension, grows by the day," Annan said. "I felt the concerns  of Syria's immediate neighbours very acutely in my consultations  in recent days."
Underlining that problem, Turkey said on Saturday that  nearly 400 more Syrian refugees had crossed over the border to  escape fighting in Syria's Idlib province, raising the total to  more than 24,500.
Also speaking at the Doha meeting, Burhan Ghalioun of the  opposition Syrian National Council took a shot at Russia and  said it must urge its ally Assad to quit power.
"With its support of the regime and for Assad remaining,  Russia has become part of the problem rather than part of the  solution," he said.
Russia has blocked two U.N. Security Council resolutions  condemning Assad and is Syria's main arms supplier. On Friday it  backed the government's assertion that the Houla killings were  the work of anti-government forces intent on undermining peace  efforts.
Annan's plan involves withdrawing heavy weapons and ceasing  violence, releasing detainees, letting in foreign humanitarian  aid, and allowing people to protest peacefully.
Nearly 300 military observers are deployed in Syria to  monitor the now-collapsed ceasefire.
"But we do not have what this was set up to achieve - an end  to the appalling violence and abuses, and the launch of a  political process for a transition that meets the legitimate  aspirations of the Syrian people," Annan said.
(Additional reporting by Oliver Holmes in Beirut, Nazih Saddiq  in Tripoli, Lebanon, Seda Sezer in Istanbul; Writing by Angus  MacSwan)
Contribute to this Story:
