Egypt’s military warns Muslim Brotherhood
As if to emphasise the task ahead, Syrian troops advanced into north Lebanon, destroying farm buildings and clashing with rebels holed up there, residents said. Neither President Bashar al-Assad nor his adjutants publicly endorsed Mr Annan’s plan and the Syrian leader even visited the Baba Amr district of the embattled city of Homs in an attempt to claim victory over the rebellious city.
The UN said on Tuesday more than 9,000 civilians had been killed in the yearlong conflict between the regime and the popular armed movement seeking to overthrow Mr Assad.
“Credible estimates put the total death toll since the beginning of the uprising one year ago to more than 9,000,” said Robert Serry, the UN’s special co-ordinator for the Middle East peace process, speaking to the 15-nation Security Council.
The figure is an increase of almost 1,000 casualties over previous UN estimates.
During a meeting in Beijing with Wen Jiabao, the Chinese premier, aimed at mustering international support for his proposal, Mr Annan said: “I indicated that I had received a response from the Syrian government and will be making it public today, which is positive, and we hope to work with them to translate it into action.”
The plan, which has the backing of world powers, calls for a Syrian-led political process, a UN-supervised cessation of violence, a daily pause in fighting to allow humanitarian supplies, increasing the release of detainees, allowing media access to the country and permitting freedom of assembly.
Close observers of the Syrian conflict have derided the plan as too vague. Opposition activists abroad, many of them members of the Syrian National Council, said Mr Assad would use the plan to gain more time to eliminate his opponents. During the uprising against the Assad family’s rule, the regime has frequently used diplomatic openings to step up violence.
An official in Turkey, which is hosting an opposition gathering before a major April 1 international conference to discuss Syria’s future, called the Annan initiative one in a series of “time-gain plays” meant to forestall international action.
“We just hope this is not a new [ploy], because that means more people killed on the ground while they [the international community] are waiting for an outcome,” he said.
Even as Mr Annan claimed Mr Assad had accepted his proposal, Syrian security forces had killed at least 10 people throughout the country by mid-afternoon on Tuesday, according to the Local Coordinating Committees, an activist network.
Another group, the Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union, published the names of 95 Syrians killed by security forces on Monday.
“We within the SNC look positively at any effort to stop the targeting of civilians,” said Anas Abdah, a member of the SNC’s leadership committee. “However, the track record tells us that the Syrian regime is not serious about that. By saying yes to the plan, [Mr Assad gains] a few more weeks to continue his military campaign. Words do not mean anything to him.”
Additional reporting by Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2012. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.
