Death toll in Syria massacre at 108: UN observer
27/05/2012 5:04:39 PM
CTVNews.ca Staff
The UN Security Council heard details of a massacre that killed at least 108 people in the Syrian town of Houla, from the head of the UN observer mission during an emergency meeting Sunday.
During the meeting, the Russian envoy questioned whether Syrian tanks and artillery were responsible for the killings.
Russia's deputy UN Ambassador Alexander Pankin told reporters before heading into the closed-door meeting that "there is substantial ground to believe that the majority of those who were killed were either slashed, cut by knives, or executed at point-blank distance."
Maj. Gen. Robert Mood, head of the observer mission, told the council that UN observers at the scene now estimate that about 108 people were killed in Houla, UN peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous told reporters outside the council chamber.
On Saturday Mood stated that more than 32 children under the age of 10 were among the dead. He said then that the observers confirmed from examination of ordnance found at the scene that artillery and tank shells were fired.
After Mood's briefing, a council diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that council members were working on the text of a press statement. The statement would be similar to a statement issued Saturday by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and his predecessor Kofi Annan, the joint UN-Arab League envoy to Syria.
In their statement, they condemned the "indiscriminate and disproportionate use of force" in violation of international law and Syrian commitments to stop using heavy weapons in populated areas. They demanded that the Syrian government stop using such weapons.
Earlier Sunday, Britain and France proposed issuing a statement condemning the massacre, but Russia refused.
Russia has emerged as Syria's strongest ally, and along with China, has used its veto powers to block UN sanctions against the country.
The massacre at Houla was one of the bloodiest events in Syria's 15-month uprising against Assad's regime.
Opposition forces have blamed the attack on a militia aligned to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, claiming Syrian security forces shelled the village prior to the assault.
The Syrian government denied involvement in the massacre at a Sunday news conference in Damascus, saying its forces also came under attack by a heavily armed group of gunmen.
"We categorically deny the responsibility of government forces for the massacre," Foreign Minister Jihad Makdissi said.
Makdissi said the Syrian government was being swamped by a "tsunami of lies."
He said the gunmen carrying "machine-guns, mortars and anti-tank missiles" also launched a simultaneous attack against five army positions starting around 2 p.m. Saturday.
Three soldiers were killed and 16 wounded, he said.
"There were no Syrian tanks or artillery in the vicinity" of Houla, Makdissi said, adding the attackers used anti-tank missiles and "Syrian troops retaliated in defence of their positions."
"Children, women and other innocent people were killed in their homes, and this is not what the Syrian army does," Makdissi said. "The method of killing was brutal."
In other developments Sunday, Syria denied entry to a top aide of UN-Arab League envoy Kofi Annan, who is due to arrive Monday for talks in Damascus.
A Syrian official said the decision against former Palestinian foreign minister Nasser al-Kidwa isn't personal, but that the government doesn't want to deal with the Arab League.
The League suspended Syria's membership and approved sanctions against it last year. The Syrian regime has accused it of being a tool of the West.
The official spoke to The Associated Press Sunday on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject.
The Houla attack was also condemned by Canada's Foreign Minister John Baird, who called the massacre "very disconcerting because of its depravity."
Baird said the number of children feared dead at Houla is "especially reflective of the regime's utter contempt for humanity and decency," he said in a statement released Saturday.
Baird called on the international community to "redouble its efforts" to get a six-point UN-brokered peace plan adhered to by both sides in the conflict, or to explore other diplomatic solutions.
Canada will continue to work with its partners to isolate the Assad's regime and support the Syrian people's hopes for a better future, he said.
In a report by CTV's Middle East Bureau Chief Martin Seemungal, bodies of those killed in the Houla massacre could be seen laid out side by side, including those of the children.
"The UN ceasefire, it's been unravelling ever since it was announced last month," Seemungal said in the report from Jerusalem.
He also left little hope for success for Annan and his delegation when they arrive in Syria this week.
"He'll try to revive it (ceasefire), but he faces an enormous challenge," Seemungal said.
More than 9,000 people have died in the uprising in the last 15 months, according to the UN.
With files from The Associated Press
Share This
