NetEase Weibo
 
Kofi Annan, the UN-Arab League joint special envoy for Syria, addresses the UN General Assembly on the latest situation in Syria at the UN headquarters in New York, June 7, 2012. (Xinhua/Shen Hong)
UNITED NATIONS, June 7 (Xinhua) -- Kofi Annan, the UN-Arab League joint special envoy for Syria, said here on Thursday that his six-point peace plan to end the Middle East country's 16-month crisis had not been implemented.
Annan was speaking at the UN General Assembly on the latest situation in Syria.
The peace plan, widely backed by the international community and officially accepted by the Syrian government, had failed to halt violence in Syria, Annan said, stressing that violence could not be allowed to become part of ordinary life in the country.
Both the Syrian government and the armed opposition had failed to carry out the six-point plan, he said.
"Today, despite the acceptance of the six-point plan and the deployment of a courageous mission of United Nations observers to Syria, I must be frank and confirm that the plan is not being implemented," Annan said.
The former UN secretary-general met with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad late in May in the Syrian capital Damascus to discuss the situation in the country.
Annan said he told Assad during the meeting that "the six-point plan is not being implemented as it must," and strongly urged the Syrian leader to "take bold and visible steps to now radically change his military posture and honor his commitments to the six- point plan."
"I also made clear that his government must work with my mediation effort on behalf of both organizations that I represent, " said Annan, who has been on a good offices mission on Syria for nearly two months.
Annan's peace plan calls for the withdrawal of heavy weapons and troops from population centers, a daily halt in fighting for the delivery of humanitarian aid and treatment for the wounded, as well as talks between the government and the opposition.
"If things do not change, the future is likely to be one of the brutal repression, massacres, sectarian violence, and even all-out civil war," Annan warned. "All Syrians will lose."
"Clearly, the time has come to determine what more can be done to secure implementation of the plan -- and/or what other options exist to address the crisis," he said.
"It is your shared interest -- and our collective responsibility -- to act quickly," he told the General Assembly. " The process cannot be open-ended."
"The longer we wait, the more radicalized and polarized the situation will become, and the harder it will be to forge a political settlement," he added.
"The international community has united, but it now must take that unity to a new level," Annan said. "We must find the will and the common ground to act -- and act as one. Individual actions or interventions will not solve the crisis."
"As we demand compliance with international law and the six- point plan, it must be made clear that there will be consequences if compliance is not forthcoming," he said. "We must also chart a clear course for a peaceful transition, if we are to help the government and opposition, as well as Syrian society, to help resolve the crisis."
Editor: Mu Xuequan
