Facebook Twitter Digg delicious reddit MySpace StumbleUpon LinkedIn
May 02, 2012|By the CNN Wire Staff
A six-point peace plan for Syria negotiated by U.N.-Arab League special envoy Kofi Annan is not being upheld, an opposition group said Wednesday.
"Having spoken to a range of residents and activists across Syria, Avaaz is able to assert with confidence that the Annan plan has been ineffective, with residents continuing to flee the violence being committed by both sides," the report concluded. Avaaz is the name of the opposition group.
Annan's peace plan calls for establishing a cease-fire between the government and the opposition, allowing humanitarian groups access to the population, releasing detainees and starting a political dialogue. It also calls for government forces to withdraw from city centers.
Advertisement
In Homs, "Armed opposition groups remain inside the city while the regime's forces retain a formidable presence," Avaaz said.
Also in Homs, the plan's call for a cease-fire is not being observed, the group said.
"Snipers are still stationed across the city's rooftops, shooting at anything within range," the report said, citing residents. "One man was shot dead today in Khalidiya." It also reported that Abdelbasset Saroot, the Olympic goalkeeper for Syria's national soccer team, was also injured by sniper fire.
The report said government forces were continuing to clash with Free Syrian Army opposition forces. An activist blamed the army for "shooting at anything" in its efforts to enter cities, and state media was blaming "terrorists" for targeting government forces.
CNN cannot independently verify reports of violence and deaths within Syria because the government has restricted access by most of the international media.
The plan's call for the release of political prisoners "has not even seen the light of day," the report said, with activists in Homs saying "no political prisoners have been released."
Humanitarian aid is not getting into the city, and demonstrators must leave Homs to avoid being shot, it said.
Though Syrian authorities say they have permitted 400 journalists to enter Syria, "these journalists enjoy little to no freedom of movement, with their movements calculated in advance by the Syrian security forces under the pretext of protecting them," the report said.
In Washington, State Department spokesman Mark Toner expressed no surprise. "So far, the Syrian regime -- Assad regime -- has taken, really, almost no steps toward fulfilling the core commitments of the Annan proposal," he said.
1
