Views: 321
 
The international mediator Kofi Annan Kofi Annan on Wednesday said the situation in Syria is critical and urged Bashar al-Assad to "take bold steps now" to stop the violence, citing a "turning point" after the massacre of Houla.
"We need the president (Assad) to act now, and for others to do their bit," Annan said at a press conference after his meeting with Mr. Assad in Damascus. "I called him to take bold steps now - not tomorrow, now - to create the conditions necessary for the implementation of the plan" to end the crisis, he stressed. "We are at a turning point," the ex-U.N. chief added, arguing that "the international community would immediately review the situation."
"The government and its armed forces 'Shabiha' must stop all military operations against civilians," said the U.N. and the Arab League envoy.
"The armed opposition must stop the violence," Kofi Annan told opposition leaders after meeting.
In fact, The Syrian opposition inside Syria, is an oral opposition but the Syrain Free Army is the only opposition fighting against Assad regime, therefore, Anan and the internal opposition should not have met as this opposition has nothing on ground. This is my own opinion.
Annan, who arrived in Jordan from Syria on a two-day trip, is due to meet King Abdullah II on Thursday, government officials said.
Meanwhile, the initial results of a U.N. investigation found that the majority of Houla victims were executed Friday, said a spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, Rupert Colville , on Tuesday. It is believed that fewer than 20 of the 108 deaths can be attributed to artillery and tanks. Most of the victims were executed in two separate incidents."
The residents of the city said that pro-regime militia known as "Shabiha" is behind these killings.
Citing security reasons, Rupert Colville refused to reveal who are the U.N. investigators handling the case. He also stressed that the High Commissioner hoped that "there will be a detailed report" about the massacre of Hula.
According to the preliminary investigation, 32 of the 49 children killed were under 10 years, said Rupert Colville, who noted that the total number of victims could rise.
"What is very clear is that this was an absolutely dreadful event which took place in Houla, and at least a substantial part (...) were executions of civilians, including women and children , " stated Colville in Geneva. "At this point, it seems that entire families were killed in their homes."
However, on Wednesday, Turkey and Japan have ordered Syrian diplomats to leave their countries in 72 hours, and this is in response to the gruesome massacre in the village Houla on Friday .
On Tuesday, France, Italy, Spain, Bulgaria, Belgium, Australia, Japan, the Netherlands, Switzerland , Canada Canada and the United States all kicked out Syrian ambassadors in their countries in a bid to increase pressure on Assad’s regime.
Moreover, according to TASS news, the United States, Australia, France, German and Belgium intend to push for a UN Security Council resolution that would provide for military intervention in Syria by authorizing the use of force against the regime on the basis of Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter that allows the Security Council to send air, sea or land forces to restore peace and security.
On the other hand, Russia and China on Wednesday signaled their opposition to any military intervention in Syria and thy would also continue to resist any outside interference in the Syrian conflict, Alarabiya news reported.
Sources:
