Views: 137
 
Britain's U.N. Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant announced on Tuesday that the U.N.-Arab League Special Envoy Kofi Annan Kofi Annan will visit Damascus within the next few days to initiate political discussion between Syrian regime and opposition despite the the continuing violence for more than a year.
Annan spokesman Ahmad Fawzi confirmed the visit to Damascus but he did not mention the exact date of the visit.
According to diplomats, Annan told the Security Council via video link from Geneva on Tuesday that his peace plan may be the “last chance” to avoid civil war in Syria as Assad’s forces pursue attacks on civilians.
Annan told the council that he was especially concerned human rights violations might be intensifying, with more arrests and torture as the Syrian forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad regime remains deployed in towns around the country with its heavy weapons .
After Annan’s briefing, U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice Susan Rice said that the situation in Syria "remains dire" and Damascus has not fully implemented any part of Annan's six-point peace plan, noting that Washington is focusing on a regime change in Damascus either directly or by arming and training the rebels.
For his part, Syrian Ambassador Bashar Ja’afari said his government’s commitment to the six-point plan is largely responsible for the improvement in the situation.
Jaafari accused foreign countries, including Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey, of arming the rebels.
Meanwhile, according to state news agency, SANA, spokesman of the UN observers’ mission said that the number of UN observers deployed in Syria has reached 70. More observers will arrive in the coming days under Kofi Annan’s peace plan, he said.
However, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Tuesday the U.N. should increase significantly the number of its observers in Syria. He made these comments during a visit to Rome for a summit with his Italian peer.
"We need 1,000, 2,000, maybe 3,000 observers, a major mission which is able to visit the entire country and see what happens there."
Erdogan said at a press conference. "If someone were to ask me where are my hopes, I would say that I lost all hope," he added.
