Facebook Twitter Digg delicious reddit MySpace StumbleUpon LinkedIn
May 08, 2012|By the CNN Wire Staff
Special envoy Kofi Annan told the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday that international observers are the last hope for success of a peace plan in Syria. Otherwise, he warned, Syria is sure to plunge into full-scale civil war.
"The implication of that is quite frightening," Annan told reporters after briefing the Security Council. "We cannot allow that to happen."
Annan plans to return to Damascus soon to seek adherence to a cease-fire. The killing, he said, must stop immediately.
"There has been some decrease in the military activities, but there are still serious violations in the cessation of violence that was agreed," Annan said.
Advertisement
Mark Lyall Grant, the British ambassador to the United Nations, said 60 observers were on the ground along with a staff of 37 civilians. He said the United Nations hoped to have 100 observers by the end of this week and 300 by the end of May.
He called Annan's briefing "fairly somber" and said it was clear that the peace plan brokered by Annan and agreed to by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has not been fully implemented.
"We're some way from having the right environment to have a political dialogue," Lyall Grant said.
Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said the United States stood behind its position that al-Assad has lost all legitimacy and must step down. If the violence persists, she said, the Obama administration is ready to look at other means to ratchet up pressure on Damascus, including a renewed discussion in the Security Council.
Annan's briefing came a day after U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the Syrian situation has become one of the "most serious and gravest concerns of the international community."
"More than 9,000 people have been killed during the last 14 months. This is totally unacceptable and an intolerable situation," Ban said.
But the killing hasn't stopped.
At least 17 people died Tuesday in Syria, including a soldier who was shot weeks ago in Aleppo while trying to defect and a young man shot by security forces in Hama, the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said.
The LCC reported explosions in Damascus, Homs and Hama.
The Syrian ambassador to the United Nations again blamed the violence on armed perpetrators that he alleged were supported and financed by Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and other nations.
1
