3.46pm: Activists claim to be broadcasting live footage of the bombardment of Homs on the streaming site Bambuser.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Syrian_Scenes is translating some of the commentary.
"We have no medical supplies here. Many have died for lack of medical care. You see w/your own eyes children trapped under the rubble." Homs
— Michael Nahum (@Syrian_Scenes) June 11, 2012
Cameraman: "This shelling was brought to you by Kofi Annan and his plan." bambuser.com/v/2735300 #Homs
— Michael Nahum (@Syrian_Scenes) June 11, 2012
3.29pm: Maarret Naaman, between Idlib and Hama, is being repeatedly shelled according to freelance photographer Nicole Tung who witnessed some of the latest victims.
"I can confirm that I saw nine civilians who had been killed," she said in a Skype interview from a rebel base outside the town. "It is very real they are indiscriminately shelling civilian populations. The other day I was there, a 10- year-old girl had been injured by shrapnel. The nine bodies that I saw were civilians."
A doctor in the town told Tung, he had treated more than 100 patients, including children.
I saw the facility that he had been working from and it was just a house, and he was working with one bed and very few resources. The activists from mountainous regions bought in medical supplies. They can only provide first aid and triage.
listen to ‘Photographer Nicole Tung witnessed 9 dead civilians in Maarret Naaman #Syria’ on Audioboo
Tung and another journalist have been covering the area under the protection of the Free Syrian Army. "There are parts of this mountainous area that is [under the protection of the FSA] and there are army checkpoints just three to four kilometres away. They [the army] are very much around and today they randomly opened fire on a car that was travelling in a village near Idlib, and killed four people including a woman."
Asked about clashes between rebels and the army she said:
From what I've been told by the FSA -  most of what they do is provide protection for demonstrators. For the most part they are really not able to go up against tanks and other weapons that the Syrian army has. They are very limited in what they can to ... There are clashes here and there but it is not an every day occurrence. I personally have not seen clashes.
Asked if she was physically scared, she replied: "Probably not as much as the civilian population who have to go through this every night."
As mentioned in the interview, video has emerged purporting to show patients being treated on the floor in a make shift field clinic in Maaret Naaman. [Warning: disturbing content] .
2.30pm: Syrian state media has broadcast what it claims is a call between two terrorists preparing to a commit a massacre in the al-Haffa near Latakia , shortly before the village was attacked.
It says the men want to blame the attack on the government.
The state news agency Sana quoted one man saying: "Line them up, film them and take off their [clothes] and say 'a massacre happened' and send the images to the media because there is an international move after two days."
It added:
Meanwhile, armed terrorist groups attacked the public and private institutions at al-Haffa area, burnt them and committed brutal killing operations against its people.
The armed groups also burnt the National Hospital and the al-Haffa Directorate, displaced the citizens and stole their houses.
The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims al-Haffa was bombarded by government forces .
2.21pm: International envoy Kofi Annan (pictured) has expressed alarm at the escalation of fighting in Syria and called for UN observers to be allowed into al-Haffa in Latakia.
His office issued this statement:
The Joint Special Envoy for Syria Kofi Annan is gravely concerned by the latest reports of violence coming out of Syria and the escalation of fighting by both Government and opposition forces.
He is particularly worried about the recent shelling in Homs as well as reports of the use of mortar, helicopters and tanks in the town of Al-Haffa, Latakia.  There are indications that a large number of civilians are trapped in these towns.
The Joint Special Envoy demands that the parties take all steps to ensure that civilians are not harmed, and further demands that entry of the UN Military Observers be allowed to the town of Al-Haffa immediately.
12.51pm: An opposition group in the rebel stronghold of Qusair, has condemned the Vatican after its official news agency claimed Christians had been ordered out of the town.
Agenzia Fides, the official Vatican news agency, claimed Christians had abandoned the town, between Homs and the Lebanese border, after an ultimatum from a Free Syrian Army commander.
It said:
Some mosques in the city have re-launched the message, announcing from the minarets: "Christians must leave Qusayr within six days, which expires this Friday."
... Fides sources insist that Islamic Salafist extremist groups, that are in the ranks of the armed opposition, consider Christians "infidels", they confiscate the goods, commit brief executions and are ready to start a "sectarian war".
The al-Qusair Revolution, an activists group in the town, expressed its shock at what it claimed was a false report by the Vatican's agency.
It accused Fides of scaremongering minorities on behalf of the Assad government.
In a statement it said:
We condemn the statement by the Vatican as the mosques never called out for our Christian brothers and sisters to leave the city and we also confirm that most of the Christian families fled with the Muslim families around two months ago due to the barbaric shelling as the regime used (and continues to use) heavy artillery and mortar shells on civilians ...
The statement [is] clearly [designed] to show Assad as the protector of minorities. It also acts to bring more fear into the hearts of minorities who are afraid of a free Syria which will be democratic and will include and respect all sects and religions under a just law system with all rights respected.
An article in the Israeli daily Haaretz, claims that in March the Vatican agency repeated unsubstantiated warnings about the expulsion of Christians from Homs , issued by the pro-regime website Syria Truth.
It said:
There is little reason to doubt the motivation of Vatican and church leaders, who after Iraq have become extremely worried about the fate of the remaining Christian communities in the Middle East.
Yet, over-the-top, sensationalist reporting by SyriaTruth and similarly pro-regime sites, combined with church leaders both in Syria and abroad responding by crying wolf before confirming the news, makes for an explosive and dangerous mix, with the potential of turning unfounded rumors or deliberate disinformation into self-fulfilling prophecies.
12.26pm: The BBC's Paul Danahar has more first accounts of the bombardment of Homs from the UN's base in the city.
UN observer pointed out to me a whirring sound in the air as we watched mortars land in #Homs .He said was surveillance drone #Syria
— Paul Danahar (@pdanahar) June 11, 2012
Skyline of old city of #Homs in #Syria today twitter.com/pdanahar/statu…
— Paul Danahar (@pdanahar) June 11, 2012
12.09pm: Helicopter gunships were used to attack Rastan today, AP reports citing the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
"The regime is now using helicopters more after its ground troops suffered major losses," said Rami Abdul-Rahman of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. "Dozens of vehicles have been destroyed or damaged" since the end of May.
Syria's Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi recently said that rebels are now using sophisticated anti-tank missiles.
The Observatory and the Local Coordination Committees also reported government shelling in the central provinces of Homs and Hama, the southern region of Daraa, the northern province of Aleppo, and suburbs of the capital Damascus and Deir Ezzor in the east.
The Modern Tokyo Times argues that updates from the Observatory should be treated with caution :
If the BBC, CNN, AP, Reuters, New York Times, or whoever, desire to be more objective about their sources, then the format should be changed. Instead the public should be informed in each article that the "Syrian Observatory for Human Rights is anti-government and based in England."  It also should be stated that "the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights is an amalgamation of anti- Bashar al-Assad individuals which are intent on regime change."
11.46am: Unicef has expressed its outrage at the continuing killing of children in Syria, as video emerged purporting to show the bodies of 10 young children killed in the coastal city of Latakia over the weekend [warning: disturbing content] .
Anthony Lake, Unicef's executive director, said:
How many more children need to die? Repeated calls for the protection of children by all parties in Syria have not yielded positive action. But we must voice again our outrage when seeing the murder of innocents, especially children and women, as reportedly the case in al-Qubair village in Hama.
Unicef appeals once more: spare and protect the children who are in no way responsible for the violence and must not be its victims.
The Violation Documentation Centre, a website maintain by activists claims 1,174 children have been killed since the crisis began last March .
11.17am: Video, backed by satellite photographs, has emerged that appear to show a Syrian air base being attacked after a battalion, armed with surface-to-air-missiles, defected to the opposition.
© digitalglobe 2012 analysis by Human Rights Watch
Human Rights Watch has obtained images from DigitalGlobe that show the al-Ghanto base near Rastan in Homs province, burning after the reported attack.
It appears to confirm video footage from activists showing smoke rising from the base.
The soldiers, who defected from the base, joined rebels in nearby Rastan and Talbiseh, according to activists. Rastan was bombarded today according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
After the defection, video emerged purporting to show surface-to-air-missiles in the hands of the rebels.
Peter Bouckaert, emergencies director at Human Rights Watch, said this footage appeared to show SA-2 surface-to-air missiles. He said that in the current context of the fighting in Syria this type of missile does not present the same danger of proliferation as the smaller, shoulder-launched versions, like the SA-7 that was common in Libya . But he added: "It is of course possible that shoulder-launched versions were also present at the base."
Another clip from activists purports to show munitions being carried away from the base.
Bouckaert, who campaigned against the proliferation of weapons in Libya after the fall of Gaddafi, said the clip appeared to show tank shells.
He added:
As these larger bases begin to defect, there is a real danger with the proliferation of sophisticated weapons in Syria. Like Libya, Syria has vast arsenals of dangerous weapons, including sophisticated surface-to-air missiles and anti-tank weapons, as well as large stockpiles of more ordinary weapons such as rocket-propelled grenade launchers (RPGs). If these weapons end up circulating in the wrong hands, they could further destabilize an already unstable region. This is what we saw happening in Libya last year, and it should be a real concern for the international community.
9.49am: Journalists, including the BBC's Paul Danahar and Sky's Tim Marshall, report shelling and gunfire in Homs.
Just waved through first army checkpoint into #Homs without being stopped.
— Paul Danahar (@pdanahar) June 11, 2012
Just heard three loud thumps & burst of machine gunfire in #Homs
— Paul Danahar (@pdanahar) June 11, 2012
Im Homs we hear an explosion approx once every 2 mins. Usually from Khaldia district about a mile away. Occasional gunshots, some closet.
Danahar gave a graphic account of the aftermath of the massacre in al-Qubair after reaching the town on Friday.
8.48am: (all times BST) Welcome to Middle East Live.
The opposition Syrian National Council claims the regime is on its last legs; activists report an increase in defections, and the Free Syrian Army is said to be gaining ground. Is this all wishful thinking on the part of activists or has a corner been turned in the Syrian crisis?
Here's a roundup of the latest developments:
Syria
• The new opposition leader Abdelbasset Sida has urged officials to defect from a regime he claims is on its last legs. "We are entering a sensitive phase. The regime is on its last legs," he told AFP after being elected leader of the Syrian National Council. "We call upon all officials in the regime and in the institutions to defect from the regime," he told reporters.
• Sida, a Kurdish activist, replaced Burhan Ghalioun who resigned last month after a frontline activist group threatened to leave the council. Critics told the New York Times that he was chosen as a consensus candidate because he represents no one, either inside Syria or out.
Both the Muslim Brotherhood and liberals in the council concluded that he did not pose a threat or provide an advantage to any bloc within the council, but for the same reasons he will have little real authority, and the bickering will continue.
• The rate of defections within the Syrian army is at its highest level, according to activists. Ausama Monajed, a senior member of the Syrian National Council, claims hundreds of soldiers have switched to the opposition in Idlib and Homs, and that a strategic air defence battalion, armed with anti-air and anti-tanks missiles, has  announced it is joining the rebels.
• The unravelling of the Assad regime is speeding up, according to Syria watcher Joshua Landis who until now has predicted the government will last longer than most other pundits expected. In his latest post he reckons that recent massacres in Houla and al-Qubair suggest the army is being taken over by shabiha militiamen and that the Sunni middle class, notably in Damascus is beginning to turn against the regime.
Syrians have abandoned the regime in spirit, even if they have yet to defect in body ...
Assad's army is being taken over by shabiha and security forces manned by Alawites. The massacres leave no doubt about that. The shabiha seem able to call in artillery bombardments before sweeping in.  They call themselves "Amn al-Assad," Assad's security ...
The revolution is popping up everywhere now. The heart of Damascus is now involved. When the merchants of Hamadiya – the main souq – go on strike, you know you have lost the conscience and heart of Damascus. The Sunni bourgeoisie has now turned on the regime.
• Government forces have renewed their efforts to impose control in Homs province and the Damascus suburbs after a series of attacks by the rebel Free Syrian Army. At least 35 people were killed when the army used artillery, mortars and rockets to hit opposition strongholds in the city of Homs and the towns of Qusair, Talbiseh and Rastan, activists said. In Damascus, government forces bombarded the northern district of Qaboun and later entered it in armoured vehicles, storming houses, after attacks on Friday on buses carrying troops and pro-Assad militia, opposition sources said.
• On Saturday night government tanks opened fire in central Damascus for the first time in the 15-month uprising, according to NBC .
The nearly 12 hours of fighting in Damascus suggested a new boldness among armed rebels, who previously kept a low profile in the capital. It also showed a willingness by the regime to unleash in the capital the sort of elevated force against restive neighbourhoods it has used to crush opponents elsewhere.
"Yesterday was a turning point in the conflict," said Maath al-Shami, an opposition activist in the capital. "There were clashes in Damascus that lasted hours. The battle is in Damascus now."
The rebels say they are acquiring access to ammunition and funding that had been in short supply a few months ago, streamlining their structures to improve coordination and steadily eroding the government's capacity to control large swaths of the country.
Libya
• Representatives of the international criminal court have flown to Tripoli to try to secure the release of a detained delegation visiting Saif al-Islam Gaddafi. The four-member delegation was being held in the western mountain town of Zintan after one of its lawyers, Australian Melinda Taylor, was found carrying documents regarded as suspicious.
• Libya's first elections since the fall of Muammar Gaddafi have been put back 18 days,  the electoral commission has confirmed. Nuri al-Abbar, head of the electoral commission, said crucial preparations for the election – including voter registration and vetting candidates to make sure they had no links to Muammar Gaddafi – had missed a deadline, making it impossible to hold the vote on the original date of 19 June.
• Hosni Mubarak is slipping in and out of consciousness eight days after he was transferred to a prison hospital to serve his life sentence, a security official told AP. Mubarak's wife, Suzanne, and her two daughters-in-law were granted special permission to visit him early on Sunday to quash rumours of his death, the official said at Cairo's Torah prison. Since then Mubarak has had an irregular heartbeat and required assistance in breathing.
Posted by
