UN envoy, Kofi Annan
SKY NEWS
Syria has accepted Kofi Annan's plan to end the country's bloody conflict, a spokesman for the UN-Arab League envoy has said.
"The Syrian government has written to the joint special envoy Kofi Annan accepting his six-point plan , endorsed by the United Nations Security Council," Ahmad Fawzi said in a statement.
The move comes after Annan's arrival in Beijing to seek China's backing for his proposals, reports Sky News.
Annan is scheduled to have talks with premier Wen Jiabao after meeting the Russian president, Dmitry Medvedev, at the weekend.
Speaking in Moscow, Annan stressed that while there is no deadline for ending the crisis it must not be allowed to drag on indefinitely.
Above all, he insisted, the Syrian government and opposition must start a political process to resolve the conflict peacefully.
Meanwhile, activists say security forces have continued to bombard rebel-held areas of the central city of Homs.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least five people were killed in the district of Khaldiya on Monday.
Syria is reporting that President Bashar al Assad is currently in the besieged Baba Amr neighbourhood of the city to inspect conditions there.
Analysts believe Annan's job had been made easier after Russia expressed full support for the envoy's plan, which includes a ceasefire supervised by the United Nations alongside political dialogue.
China and Russia have faced international criticism after twice vetoing UN Security Council resolutions to end the year-long crackdown.
The two countries called the resolutions unbalanced, saying they only blamed the Syrian government and demanded an end to regime-led attacks but not ones by the opposition.
The former UN secretary general wants a daily two-hour halt in fighting to evacuate the injured and provide humanitarian aid. The UN estimates more than 8,000 people have been killed in the uprising.
Annan is not calling for President Bashar al Assad to resign, insisting it will be up to the Syrian people to decide whether he should step down.
Chinese officials have said they hope the talks will find a solution to the conflict, but are wary of backing proposals that call for a change of government.
"China values and supports the mediation efforts of Annan and hopes this visit will allow in-depth discussions on a political resolution of the Syrian issue," foreign ministry spokesman, Hong Lei said on Monday.
