Kofi Annan
Kofi Atta Annan ( /ˈkoʊfi ˈænən/; born 8 April 1938) is a Ghanaian diplomat who served as the seventh Secretary-General of the United Nations, from 1 January 1997 to 31 December 2006. Annan and the United Nations were the co-recipients of the 2001 Nobel Peace Prize for his fou... Explore this topic
Ceasefire
A ceasefire (or truce) is a temporary stoppage of a war in which each side agrees with the other to suspend aggressive actions. Ceasefires may be declared as part of a formal treaty, but they have also been called as part of an informal understanding between opposing forces. A... Explore this topic
Syrian conflict peace proposals
The Syrian conflict peace proposals relates to initiatives and plans to resolve the 2011–2012 Syrian uprising. Among the most significant attempts to resolve the conflict are the Arab League peace plan and the resulting Arab League observer mission, launched in December 2011. ... Explore this topic
Syrian Revolution
The 2011–2012 Syrian uprising is an ongoing internal violent conflict in Syria. It is a part of the wider Arab Spring, a wave of upheaval throughout the Arab World. Public demonstrations began on 26 January 2011, and developed into a nationwide uprising. Protesters demanded th... Explore this topic
Walid Muallem
Walid al Muallem (Arabic: وليد المعلم‎) (born 13 January 1941) is a Syrian diplomat who has served in the government of Syria as Minister of Foreign Affairs since 2006. Previously he was Ambassador of Syria to the United States from 1990 to 2000. After serving as Syria's Ambas... Explore this topic
Aleppo Governorate
Aleppo Governorate (Arabic: محافظة حلب‎ / ALA-LC: Muḥāfaẓat Ḥalab / [muˈħæːfazˤat ˈħælæb]) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. It is the most populous governorate in Syria with a population of more than 4,045,166 (2004 census), almost 23% of the total population of S... Explore this topic
Homs
Homs (Arabic: حمص‎ Ḥimṣ), previously known as Emesa (Greek: Ἔμεσα, Emesa), is a city in western Syria and the capital of the Homs Governorate. It is 501 metres (1,644 ft) above sea level and is located 162 kilometres (101 mi) north of Damascus. Located on the Orontes River, Ho... Explore this topic
Syria-Turkey relations
Syrian–Turkish relations have long been strained, even though Turkey shares its longest common border with Syria; various geographic and historical links also tie the two neighboring states together. This friction has been due to disputes including the self annexation of the H... Explore this topic
Syrian army
The Syrian Army, officially called the Syrian Arab Army, is the land force branch of the Syrian Armed Forces. It is the dominant military service of the four uniformed services, controlling the senior most posts in the armed forces, and has the greatest manpower, approximately... Explore this topic
Also See
