by Jim McIsaac |
Tom Brady (12) of the New England Patriots throws a pass against the New York Jets at MetLife Stadium on Sunday, Nov. 13, 2011 in East Rutherford, New Jersey. (Jim McIsaac/Newsday/MCT)
There have been plenty of story lines following the New York Giants’ victory over the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI. Some of them are accurate (“Eli Manning is an elite quarterback”), and some simply aren’t.
The sports world is a “what-have-you-done-for-me-lately” industry, so when Tom Brady has lost back-to-back Super Bowls, there has to be something wrong. Well, that simply isn’t true. Did Brady play perfect at the Super Bowl? No, but he was a minute away from carrying his team to a victory.
The Patriots that played at the Super Bowl were not the same Patriots team that won three Super Bowls in the past 11 years. In fact, this team is nowhere near as talented on defense as it has been in previous seasons.
Brady practically played without his favorite target, tight-end Rob Gronkowski who was clearly bothered by an ankle injury. This made it less likely that Brady would complete many passes of 20 yards or more.
Gronk’s injury limited the Patriots’ offense, and yet Brady played well. He completed 16 straight passes — a Super Bowl single-game record — and he had two touchdown passes, while completing nearly 66 percent of his pass attempts.
Brady’s performance, however, was not impeccable. He made a bad decision that led to a safety, threw one interception; and a few of his passes were slightly off-target. In other words, they weren’t perfect throws.
With that being said, quarterbacks shouldn’t have to play a flawless game to win. Tom Brady had a very good game; but with drops by Aaron Hernandez, Deion Branch and most notably, Wes Welker, it made it near impossible to put the Giants away or have a successful attempt at a last second comeback.
Dropped passes are a part of the game, but in the Super Bowl, they are inexcusable. They are momentum killers and are the primary reason the Patriots didn’t hold on to the lead. If those passes are caught, we could be talking about how Brady is the greatest quarterback in NFL history. Instead, we are asking if he has become a choke artist.
In the fourth quarter, Brady didn’t play his best ball, but, did he choke? He put the ball in a position for his receivers to make a play, and they didn’t catch the passes.
The Giants’ wide receivers, on the other hand, did make plays. They made just enough plays to win, and that’s what great teams do.
New York is a great team with a roster full of talent.
The Patriots are a solid team with a great quarterback. They have a great tight end, but he was hurt. Championship teams overcome injuries and make the plays to win. New England didn’t do that, and that is why they are second-best.
Brady played well enough to win, but the Giants had more talent; and that’s what it all came down to. There’s nothing wrong with the future Hall of Famer. The only thing wrong in Brady-land is the talent — or lack thereof — surrounding him.
