 
Dear Mr. Gonzales:
We had spoken once before regarding fraud, identity theft and stalking. The clips above our photographs published either on internet websites or print materials for commercial distribution. The source of the original photograph is given as well as an approximate date of the event or of publication. With each publication it is asserted that the man in the photograph is Thomas Edward Brady Jr., a quarterback of the New England Patriots with whom I am acquainted. He is the one photographed 02/08/05 and 02/15/05. You will note that despite the close proximity in dates, the distinct difference in physical appearance and ages between the men pictured it is asserted that they are the same man. You will notice the contrast between the man photographed in uniform during the football games following 09/08/05 who has played the entire games and the man photographed in the picture 07/31/05 at training camp at Gillette Stadium, the early preseason games in which the man pictured did not play, the visa commercial shot and the magazines and the other photos from entertainment events. You will also note that the men photographed during each of the press conferences and the actual player in uniform from the games as well as the other from the entertainment events also are different in physical appearance and appear to be different men. It has been asserted that the woman pictured in the photograph at the entertainment events is the actress Bridget Moynahan. The pictures illustrate the use of the same name and identity by two or more physically different women, all actresses who gained employment in motion pictures unlawfully through use of false or stolen information. You will note that the actor photographed in each instance with Bridget Moynahan has a different build and is blued eyed while the football player photographed at each game and some press conferences is green eyed. The woman pictured on 02/28/05 has recently moved into the residence next door, 293-5 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, MA 02115, lives with a blond woman who claims to be Anne Lee and is becoming verbally if not physically threatening following me everywhere even out of state when I attend games.
My concern is with the fraud and misrepresentation as well potential identity theft that has occurred. It would appear that the actor pictured with Bridget Moynahan is guilty of misrepresentation setting himself out to the public as the original football player and has profited economically from use of his identity both in gaining reputation and actual contracts to be photographed and interviewed for magazines. The woman pictured above as Bridget Moynahan also gains economically attaining roles in several films from the publicity and is not the same woman who originally used the identity Bridget Moynahan to gain contract as an actress in the film Coyote Ugly the earliest employment contract of record known.
In requesting a background check I have found another pattern of concern. Two men sharing the same name Thomas E Brady, one born 09/01/74 and the other born 08/03/77 were involved in a serious of real estate transactions. In particular a home was purchased at 9 Cherrywood Ln #79, Franklin, MA 02038 by the former born in 1974 where ownership later transferred to the latter born in 1977. A second residence was occupied by the former born in 1974 at 202 Marina Dr #21, Quincy MA 02171 and later occupied in 02/03 to the latter born in 1977 who resided there until 05/05. He shared the residence with a sibling Nancy Brady born 03/10/76. This man is reported to have two other siblings Maureen Brady and Julie Brady. His parents being Thomas E Brady, Sr and Galynn Brady. No record of a deed for this property in the name of either man mentioned or any family member is on record with the Norfolk County Recorded of Deeds in Massachusetts. A third residence was purchased born in 1984 at 314 Commonwealth Avenue, Unit 2, Boston, MA 02115 on 11/22/04 and which was later sold to Ansbert Gadicke on 4/19/05. I had been informed that the securing for credit including loans and mortgages qualified as identity theft. Checking property records for the former born in 1974 indicate that he resided in San Mateo, California, Ann Arbor, MI where Tom Brady would have attended University of Michigan. You will also find that the former residence of the man born in 1974 at 60 Washington Street, Foxboro MA 02035 was later occupied by a Thomas E Brady born 02/11/58. You will also note that the property at 9 Cherrywood LN #79, Franklin MA 02038 was occupied by Thomas E Brady owned 05/05/55 until 07/01/02.
My concern is regarding the exploitation both the team owner and the media of the original Tom Brady. You will note that the picture of the Tom Brady with Bridget Moynahan dated 06/12/05 that was taken during the ceremony for the presentation of the Super Bowl rings to the New England Patriots at the owner Bob Kraft's home which was published on several websites and in newspapers. The use of body doubles which identity theft and often leads to damage in reference to the reputations of the original athletes appears to have become a common practice in professional sports. Agreeing to the use of body doubles becomes a concession that athletes make simply to play professional sports.
Attached is a profile of television and motion pictures appearances by the Thomas E Brady, Jr born on August 7, 1977 or so is claimed which indicates a use of identity to gain economic profit. You will note that the men photographed in most instances only resemble the football player photographed during the Patriots games but are not identical even given cosmetic changes such as weight gain and change in hair style and color. Each "actor" or body double is blue eyed for instance.
With the Patriots team, there are typically three team buses at every away game each with body doubles of key players and family. The brown hair woman pictured in the snapshot from the 6/20/05 Red Sox game with Tom Brady is said to be his sister. Three women similar to her or body doubles typically ride the team bus. You will notice that the Tom Brady in the picture resembles the one from the picture with Donald Trump and the other entertainment events magazine articles but not the football player pictured at the games. These "body doubles" in term feel at ease in using the identity of the originals, the article in Deadspin in the attached file that are to the detriment of the original. The women pictured in the article are featured on the website "Desktop Strippers." While the body double was elsewhere in New York and then later seen in Boston, the original was attending practice at Gillette Stadium and gave a press conference, the transcript of which is given in the attachment.
Two other issues I have is that each broadcast network or newspaper affiliation using a specific body double for their photographs or their televised interviews and are guilty of fraud and misrepresentation as news sources. It might be of interest to request the footage of the ESPN Hollywood episode and the ESPN Sports Century episode of Tom Brady. Arguably the woman asserting herself as Bridget Moynahan in conjunction with the actors or athletes asserting themselves as Tom Brady Jr. are guilty of fraud and misrepresentation for unjust economic benefit and  thus have caused harm or injury depriving the original football player of reputation and economic opportunities (i.e. endorsements) and future employment. The women resembling Bridget Moynahan are beginning to attempt to use personal information of mine in presenting themselves to the media though I do not yet have physical evidence that fraud or identity theft has occurred. It would also be of value to compare footage from the actual games with film from the press conferences and the internet sites and print publications. This would be particularly of value comparing materials from related sources and those gained from entertainment sources (i.e. Bravo for the Independent Spirit Awards in 2004, ESPY awards hosted by ESPN in 2002 and 2004, People magazine, Access Hollywood, Entertainment Tonight, Boston Herald).
Included in this file is two background checks performed. You'll note that initially the two men mentioned above resided in different residences but following the residence at 9 Cherrywood LN #7-9, Franklin MA 02038 the residences were first occupied by the man born on 09/01/74 and then next occupied by the man born on 08/03/77 except for the last residence at 314 Commonwealth Avenue for which a deed was actually was recorded and which was sold in April of 2005.
A past perusal through property records showed that a home was occupied by a Thomas E Brady, who I believe to be the one born 08/03/77 near where I or members of my family maintain residences or work - specifically near University of Chicago where I attended school, in Jersey City, NJ and Sarasota, FL.
I would greatly appreciate your attention to the matter. I ask that should you pursue further inquiry that individual assigned consult with me as there are other issues pertaining to stalking, breaking and entering, and harassment regarding some of the individuals involved at the local level which have neglected by the police. My home number is 617-262-4094, my cellular 773-339-7562. My email address is aurora_faye_martinez@yahoo.com.
Regards,
