DOB: August 3, 1977
Tom Brady - The Early Years
Born in San Mateo, California, Brady grew up idolizing Joe Montana, quarterback of the San Francisco 49ers. At Junipero Serra High School - the alma mater of Barry Bonds, Lynn Swann and several other notable athletes - Brady earned All-State and All-Far West honors, starting at quarterback for two seasons.  He completed 236 of 447 passes for 3,702 yards and 31 touchdowns during his high school football career. Brady was a terrific all-around athlete and was drafted by the Montreal Expos in the 18th round of the 1995 Major League Baseball draft, but football was his passion.
Tom Brady - Collegiate Career
Brady went on to attend University of Michigan, where he sat on the bench behind Brian Griese for his first two seasons.  Brady was reportedly seventh on the depth chart in his freshman year and would have to battle to get any playing time at all.  After considering transferring to another university, Brady beat out Drew Henson for the starting job and went on to start every game in his junior and senior seasons.  In 1998 as a junior, he set school records for most pass attempts and most completions.  The Wolverines defeated the Arkansas Razorbacks in the Citrus Bowl that season.  The following year, Brady threw 369 yards and four touchdowns to lead Michigan to an overtime victory over Alabama in the Orange Bowl.  In the two seasons, Brady compiled a 20-5 record as a starter for the Wolverines.
Tom Brady - NFL Career
Brady was drafted by the New England Patriots in the sixth round (199th overall) of the 2000 NFL draft. In the 2000 NFL season, Brady was the backup to Drew Bledsoe.  On the year, he got into only one game, completing one pass for six yards.
In the 2001 campaign, Bledsoe went down with injury early in the season and Brady stepped into the starting role.  In 15 games (14 starts), he completed 264 of 413 passes for 2843 yards and a 86.5 quarterback rating.  The Patriots finished with 11-5 record and headed into the playoffs.  In the AFC Championship game, Brady went down with an injury and was relieved by Bledsoe, who led the Patriots to victory.
Heading into the Super Bowl, everyone was unsure who would start at quarterback for the underdog Patriots.  Head coach Bill Belichick opted for Brady, who drove the Patriots to a victory over the St. Louis Rams and was named Super Bowl XXXVI MVP.
By February of 2005, Brady had led the Patriots to three Super Bowl victories in the previous four seasons.  He holds the record for most consecutive wins in the NFL post season (10) and most completions in a Super Bowl (32).  Today, Brady is regarded as one of the top quarterbacks in the game.
Tom Brady - Off The Field
Though Brady has not established his own charity, he is active in the New England area, working with the Active Force Foundation, Stalight Children's Foundation, and the ONE Campaign.
In 2002, Brady was named one of People magazine’s 50 Most Beautiful People.  He dated Hollywood actress Bridget Moynahan from 2004 until late 2006. In February 2007, Moynahan told People magazine that she is expecting Brady's baby in the summer of 2007. Brady is reportedly currently dating Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen.
Read more about Tom Brady
by purchasing one of these terrific books.
