The Buffalo Bills kicked a last-second field goal to down the New England Patriots, 34-31.
Major Story Updates
Do you want major updates to this story in your Facebook News Feed?
StoryStream™ updates have been posted since you started reading. Reload to view.
Update
Buffalo Bills Fans Were Ready To Storm The Field
There's a few weird things about the following story. First, someone called the police in Buffalo to report that Bills fans were planning to storm the field and tear down the goalposts if their team beat the New England Patriots . Why someone would call ahead is beyond me, but police were on high-alert. They even unscrewed the goalposts.
You'd think this was a joke, but it is, apparently, a serious report (via Greg Bedard ).
Local news in Buffalo reporting that police received a strong tip that fans would tear down the goal posts if Bills won. That's why they unscrewed the goal posts, which are now back up.
Fans did not storm the field and carry the goalposts off into the sunset, so all the preventative work was for naught. Still, the whole story seems just a little ridiculous. Why not let Bills fans take 'em down? It was a big win, and the Bills are 3-0 to start the season.
For more on the Patriots head over to  Pats Pulpit . For more on the Bills, check out  Buffalo Rumblings . Follow the rest of Week 3 in football at  SB Nation NFL .
Sep 25 6:19p by Brian Floyd - 1 comment
Article
NFL Scores Week 3, Patriots Vs. Bills: Bills Pull Off The Upset
For the second time in two weeks the Buffalo Bills used some late-game heroics to pull off the win. This win, a 34-31 shootout, was particularly special because it came against the New England Patriots , their bitter division rivals. Buffalo intercepted Tom Brady four times and scored 24 points in the second half to go 3-0 on the season. 
Ryan Fitzpatrick threw for 369 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions, including three passes longer than 30 yards. The highlight, however, was a short pass to running back Fred Jackson on first-and-ten late in the fourth quarter that Jackson turned into a 38-yard gain. It looked like Jackson scored, but a review put the ball on the Patriots one-yard line. Buffalo could not punch it in for a touchdown. Instead, head coach Chan Gailey let the clock run down and kicked a field goal to win the game with three seconds left on the clock. 
The New England offense continued its hot start to the season. Tom Brady had his third game with more than 300 passing yards. He finished the day with 386 yards, four touchdown and four interceptions. Those four interceptions were as many as Brady totaled in all of last season, and they proved to the difference. 
Wes Welker broke the Patriots' franchise record for receptions in a single game with 16 catches. He had 216 yards and two touchdowns to go with those 16 catches. 
More shocking than the New England loss is the Bills' 3-0 start to the season. This game was by far their biggest test. Next week, they have a good chance to go 4-0 on the season with a game against the Cincinnati Bengals , on the road.
New England will try to regroup with a trip to Oakland next week. Week four aside, both of these teams will be eager for the rematch scheduled for week 17 at Gillette Stadium.  
For more on the Patriots head over to  Pats Pulpit . For more on the Bills, check out  Buffalo Rumblings . Follow the rest of Week 3 in football at  SB Nation NFL .
