By Nate Davis , USA TODAY
Updated
The NFL's Week 1 passing frenzy garnered headlines, capped by Tom Brady's 517-yard outburst on Monday night . He was one of four quarterbacks to surpass 400 yards and one of 14 over 300 yards, league records for any week as were the five games featuring two 300-yard passers and the 7,842 net passing yards league-wide.
But the flip side of all the dropbacks were the dropdowns.
The 89 sacks registered also represent a new record for an opening weekend since the statistic became official in 1982, Elias confirmed to USA TODAY.
Are quarterbacks going down more frequently merely because they're throwing more often?
"It's a double-edged sword," says NFL Network analyst Jamie Dukes, who was an offensive lineman in the league for 10 years. "You get residual sacks from a bunch of areas."
He cites offensive efficiency typically lagging behind defenses in the early stages of the regular season now being further compounded by the loss of offseason workouts scrubbed by the lockout.
"It's technique and muscle memory," Dukes says of the choreography offensive lines must practice to effectively pass block. "You need more time for it to work correctly.
"There's a level of skill that's required to pass protect that comes from timing and working cohesively together. It's easy to run block -- you can do that in your sleep."
Ravens pass rusher Terrell Suggs carved up one O-line, racking up three sacks of Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger.
"There's only a few players that can bring (Roethlisberger) down, and I'm one of them," said Suggs, who became the Ravens' all-time leading sacker (71.5) Sunday. "God can have his soul, but his (butt) belongs to me."
But Big Ben wasn't even the signal caller who spent the most time on his rear end.
Jay Cutler, Tarvaris Jackson, Kyle Orton and Matt Ryan all went down five times. Along with Roethlisberger, Sam Bradford of the Rams was one of seven others who endured four sacks, not to mention the injury he suffered to his passing finger.
The carnage has St.   Louis coach Steve Spagnuolo re-assessing his roster.
Nearly half the league's teams, including the Rams, only carry two quarterbacks. But after Bradford and WR Danny Amendola (dislocated elbow), the team's emergency quarterback, were sidelined, the Rams were down to A.J. Feeley last Sunday.
Given the current emphasis on the passing game and the consequent peril swirling around quarterbacks, Spagnuolo isn't sure he wants to be in that position again while hoping Bradford (who practiced Wednesday) can suit up for Monday night's game vs. the Giants.
"I think now maybe you've got to have a fourth guy ready," he said.
Dukes doesn't necessarily agree on that point, pointing out Bradford wasn't injured while getting sacked.
"They're not getting hurt any more than normal," he says. "Quarterbacks are protected about as good as you can get without wearing the red jersey."
PREVIOUS
