Tom Brady makes Saturday's game look too easy, passing for a game-high…
Tom ties playoff record in Pats rout over Broncos
KEVIN ARMSTRONG
Saturday, January 14, 2012
PATRIOTS 45, BRONCOS 10
FOXBOROUGH — As evening froze into night at Gillette Stadium Saturday, the temperatures dipping into the teens, Tom Brady, fueled by the memory of recent playoff flameouts, fired passes out wide, underneath and over the top of Denver’s defense. He attacked the visitors with dinks and dunks early, then finished them off by throwing deep to record his first playoff victory in four years. The New England Patriots’ no-huddle offense proved merciless in the 45-10 win that put an end to Tebowmania. “I think everyone focused on one player,” Brady said of his Bronco counterpart, Tim Tebow. “All week we were focused on all the Denver Broncos. We knew the threats, the danger of not playing our best game.”
Brady completed eight consecutive passes during one stretch, connected with tight end Rob Gronkowski for three touchdowns and distributed the ball to seven receivers. The top-seeded Patriots (14-3) steamed to a 14-0 lead, stalled, then stampeded en route to the AFC title game, in which they will host Baltimore or Houston next weekend. His six TD passes tied an NFL playoff record. “The vibe was in the building all week,” said Deion Branch, who caught a 61-yard TD pass. “Everybody was relaxed; no one was pressing.”
The Patriots pressed hard on the pedal the entire 60 minutes. Bill Belichick refused to remove Brady, leaving him in to go the distance despite the 35-point difference in the fourth quarter. Brady completed 26 of 34 passes for 363 yards and one interception. Belichick had Brady punt on third-and-10 with three minutes left in the game. The punt went 48 yards. “I wanted to pin it inside the 5,” Brady said. “I was happy with the call.”
Tebow ended his season in tatters. The Patriots’ blitz blindsided him, stayed in front of him throughout and limited his outlets, applying endless pressure. Linebacker Rob Ninkovich spied on Tebow, standing him up on one option run and forcing a fumble on a four-yard sack in the first quarter.
Ninkovich drove past blockers again in the third quarter, combining for an 11-yard sack with lineman Vince Wilfork. Tebow blinked. He completed three of 10 passes for 28 yards in the first half and ended the game 9-of-26 for 136 yards.
