Here I will give it to Tom Brady. He showed up. Continue
Most Consecutive Games, Touchdown Passes
47 Johnny Unitas, Baltimore, 1956-1960
36 Brett Favre, Green Bay, 2002-2004
30 Dan Marino, Miami, 1985-87
We have here that Brett Favre has way more records than Tom Brady. My opponent said that Tom Brady leads his team more than Brett Favre. But, if you look at my statistics , Tom Brady never showed up for that category. As a result Brett Favre is better than Tom Brady. I will wait for my opponent to counter my attack.
Con
I would like to thank my opponent for a quick response.
Pro has cited a number of records held by Favre, or in which Favre is among the top three. This is the evidence he uses in his claim that Brett Favre is better than Tom Brady. The problem with this is that Brett Favre has been playingmuch longer than Tom Brady. Favre has played in 271 games, while Brady has played only 113. Given that Tom Brady is more overall productive, if he played the same number of games as Favre he would beat those records. Obviously someone who plays 271 games is going to have higher statistics than someone who has played 113. The important thing to look at is productivity, measured by output per game. Records alone do not make a greater player.
Pro did not challenge my argument that Tom Brady is a more productive quarterback, so it flows through to the final round unchallenged.
Pro did not challenge the importance of Passer rating on quarterback quality, so it extends to the final round as well.
Pro claimed that holding more records makes a better leader. However, I find the number of championship victories to be a better indicator of leadership.
Since Tom Brady is more productive and a better leader than Brett Favre, he is a better quarterback.
Good luck in the final round.
Report this Argument
Pro
My opponent states that the reason for Brett Favre having more records than Tom Brady is because Brett Favre has been playing much longer. That is not true. There are some quarterbacks that have played longer than Tom Brady but they still have a terrible record than Tom Brady. For example
Professional debut
1999 for the Philadelphia Eagles
Donovan Mcnabb has been playing much longer than Tom Brady but Tom Brady is better than him. Therefore I have proved my opponent wrong.
Professional debut
2000 for the New England Patriots
Tombrady started in 2000. My opponent's arguement has been proven wrong.
As my opponent said about productive, Brett Favre is always productive. Tom Brady in his career, has never done things back to back.
Brett Favre has a higher passers rating system than Tom Brady. Tom Brady just throws to Randy Moss. Brett Favre knows how to throw to the right person
