Records Tom Brady Could Break During Super Bowl XLVI
By: Matt Bowen
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has history on the line when he takes the field in Indianapolis for Super Bowl XLVI . The 34-year-old could tie or break all of the major Super Bowl records for quarterbacks.
Brady has been the best the NFL has to offer over the last decade and there’s no sign of him slowing down anytime soon. He threw for 5,235 yards this season—a career best.  When the big game gets underway on Super Bowl Sunday it’ll be Brady’s fifth, which will tie him with John Elway for the most all-time starts by a quarterback in the Super Bowl.  While this is quite an accomplishment, there are many more records to be had by Brady with a spectacular game.
He needs just 156 passing yards in order to surpass Kurt Warner’s record of 1,156. Given, Warner did this in three games compared to Brady’s five, but who’ll remember that in 20 years? This record is almost inevitable—the New York Giants have a really good defense, but no team is good enough to hold a quarterback of Brady’s caliber to less than 156 yards. He may own this record before halftime.  
Big catches from Larry Fitzgerald helped Kurt Warner add to his total yards in Super Bowl 43.
Brady already owns the records for attempts(155) and completions(100) in the Super Bowl—he’ll only add to those.
With four touchdown tosses Brady will tie Joe Montana for most career touchdown passes in Super Bowl history with 11. Now, four touchdowns against a strong Giants squad may seem preposterous, but football fans should know not to doubt Brady—ever. After all, he threw six against the Denver Broncos just a few weeks ago.
One more Super Bowl victory would put Brady as the greatest of all time. With one win he would best Montana for most all-time playoff wins with 17. One more win on the biggest stage in all of sports would give Brady his fourth ring—tying him with Montana and Terry Bradshaw.
It’s no secret that Brady grew up imitating his boyhood hero Joe Montana.
On Super Bowl Sunday, he could become him.
Leave a Comment
Tags:
No responses to "Records Tom Brady Could Break During Super Bowl XLVI"
No comments yet.
