Houston Rockets
Yahoo! Contributor Network
This article was created on the Yahoo! Contributor Network, where users like you are published on Yahoo! every day. Learn more »
Yahoo! Contributor Network
By Charles Joel , Yahoo! Contributor Network Tuesday, Sep 13, 2011
After winning the 2010 NFL MVP unanimously, the New England Patriots ' Tom Brady (notes) launched Monday Night Football in 2011 with a historic fireworks show. In a blistering win over the Miami Dolphins , Brady went off for 517 yards and 4 touchdowns, easily one of the top ten regular season performances of all-time.
But, he threw an interception.
It was the combination of this blemish, the commentary that ensued, and intermittent flashes of the unstoppable Brady-Moss connection from 2007, that forced me to put Tom Brady's career into historical perspective.
The Patriots' future Hall of Famer was intercepted (off of a deflection, mind you) by the Dolphins' Jared Oldrick, which led shocked ESPN analysts to remind everyone that Brady's NFL record for most the consecutive passes without an interception had come to an end.
Tom Brady had thrown 358 passes in a row in the regular season without being picked off.
The cameras cut to Brady sitting on the sideline and his reaction was one of utter disgust.
Now, you may argue about whether Brady is the best of all time or even the top QB in the NFL right now, but I think there is no question who the most competitive quarterback in the league is.
Anything less than perfection is unacceptable to Tom Brady.
And although I realize discussing drive is completely subjective, personally, I have not seen an athlete with Brady's hunger and desire to win since Michael Jordan.
Intangibles aside, it's hard to determine who the best ever is because different people have opposing definitions as to what constitutes greatness.
Some say consider Super Bowl wins, exclusively. Others argue to look at the number of Pro Bowl selections and MVP trophies. Lastly, many opt to focus on the stats and records.
I believe that the most balanced approach takes all of these measures into account and doesn't produce an all-time great who has lopsided success in just one of the categories.
Winning
I come from Miami, where the town's hero has been Dan Marino for over 20 years. Most people down here subscribe to the statistical approach to greatness because for many years Dan Marino was the Wilt Chamberlain of football.
He terrorized defenses with astronomical numbers, but didn't win like Montana and Elway.
As much as I love Marino and think he's in the discussion for best QB at peak value and best ever, he didn't flourish at all of the major measures of success. Maybe it was his defenses' fault or the fact that he never had Jerry Rice, but his lack of rings can't be ignored.
That said, Tom Brady does have the rings. Three, in fact.
That's two more than Brett Favre (notes) and Peyton Manning (notes) and one more than John Elway.
So, if winning is what matters to you, Brady personifies it. Aside from the three SP victories, Brady also led the New England Patriots in 2003-04 to the longest winning streak for a team in NFL history with 21 over two seasons and then in 2007, he led an undefeated Patriots team to another Super Bowl.
That fourth Super Bowl would've tied him with the great Joe Montana.
But even though Montana tops Brady in Super Bowl wins, Brady outshines Montana in other ways.
Brady's 126-37 (.773) record in the regular season and playoffs is the best record of any NFL quarterback with at least 100 starts.
Consequently, there has been no greater winner in NFL history than Tom Brady.
The Numbers
Here's a top five list NFL career passer rating for gunslingers that played for more than ten years:
1. Steve Young - 96.8
