Tom Brady Secrets | Find Out All About Him
Tom Brady Revealed!
By admin on Friday, October 1st, 2010 | No Comments
Tom Brady Contract Extension
Its final, Tom Brady has extended his contract with the New England Patriots. It has been confirmed that Brady signed the four year contract extension. This contract includes a signing bonus of $16 million, which I'm sure they were happy to pay this game changing QB.
Not only does Brady get a nice signing bonus, but he also increases his salary for this year. His salary for this year was scheduled to pay him $3.5 million and he's now collecting $7.5 million for the 2010 season.
Over the next two seasons his salary will drop to $5.75 million, but in 2013 and 2014 it will jump back up to $9.75 million. His salary for next year (2011) is all guaranteed as well.
Want to hear about his bonuses? They didn't leave Tom Brady just making a whopping $5.75 million or $9.75 million. Of course Tom has his roster bonuses included. Next season he'll get $4 million in roster bonuses and another $16 million split up over the following three seasons carrying him through 2014.
It doesn't stop there for Mr. Brady. How about some workout bonuses? For the next four seasons, he can earn an extra $250,000 just for working out! That's an extra million dollars in his pocket if he decides to reach for it.
Every football player wants guaranteed money. They never know when a career ending injury can come their way. So Tom Brady and his agent closed on $48.5 million guaranteed money. This means if he gets hurt next week, he's still getting paid $48.5 million.
On top of the guarantees, he can take home another $21 million dollars in bonuses. However, in the event of an injury there's no way to take home the roster bonus and workout bonus.
Is Tom Brady worth all of this? Well time will tell. What he's done in the past has earned him this contract, but let's see what he can do in the future!
This author is a huge sports fan and often writes on the latest news in sports. In addition to sports, he covers home renovations and home goods. He recently wrote about different types of exterior hardware such as garage door locks .
Be Sociable, Share!
