Text size A A A
Giants quarterback Eli Manning got the better of Tom Brady's New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLII, winning game MVP honors for leading New York to a 17-14 upset. Four seasons later, despite not reaching such a team and individual high since, Manning says he should be included the same upper NFL QB echelon as Brady.
"I consider myself in that class," Manning told host Michael Kay in a radio interview with WEPN-AM 1050 in New York. "Tom Brady is a great quarterback, he's a great player and what you've seen with him is he's gotten better every year. He started off winning championships and I think he's a better quarterback now than what he was, in all honesty, when he was winning those championships.
Despite not reaching such a team and individual high since Super Bowl XLII, Eli Manning says he should be included the same upper NFL QB echelon as Tom Brady. (AP Photo)
"I think now he's grown up and gotten better every year and that's what I'm trying to do," Manning said. "I kind of hope these next seven years of my quarterback days are my best."
Granted, Manning is in a special class with Brady as a Super Bowl champion, but he's represented the NFC in the Pro Bowl only once in his first seven seasons. He's also lead the league in interceptions twice, with 20 in the Super Bowl-winning season and 25 last year. Consider that in '07 and '10 seasons, Brady threw for a combined 86 touchdowns to only 12 total picks. So that doesn't quite put Manning in the same place as the NFL's Mount Rushmore of Super Bowl-winning quarterbacks -- Brady, Drew Brees, Aaron Rodgers and big brother Peyton Manning.
Manning has quite a bit of competition just from the draft class of 2004, when he was taken first overall. The Steelers' Ben Roethlisberger has trumped him with two Super Bowl victories and another appearance in the game. Philip Rivers doesn't have a ring for the Chargers yet, but he has gone 3-for-5 in Pro Bowls -- when just looking at his full seasons as a starter. Rivers' stats over the past three seasons include 92 combined touchdowns to only 33 total interceptions. Even Texans starter Matt Schaub, taken in the second round by the Falcons in '04, has matched Manning in Pro Bowls and was the NFL's passing yardage leader in '09.
There's hope from both Manning and his coaches that he will cut down on his interceptions and put the Giants back into contention for another NFC crown this season. The best thing he can do now to effectively work toward himself into Brady's class is match Roethlisberger by getting that coveted second ring.
