Tom Brady is better then Joe Montana
We all remember “The Catch”, we remember “Joe Cool” but my friends of a younger generation, we will remember Tom Brady, his 3 super bowls, his underdog role as a 6th round pick to become one of the greatest quarterbacks to ever play the game even better than his idol Joe Montana. Joe, made some of the most miraculous TD throws in history.
Tom Brady has led some of the biggest drives in NFL history, he may have not always thrown the TD winning pass, but he did lead his team to victory. He knew he had a sure kicker and having the faith in his team, was a strong factor in his success. All he had to do was the make the extra pass or good play and his team could finish it off. He now has a potent offense and is setting NFL records in passing, so that can only lend to the imagination what he could have accomplished with this amount of talent around him a couple years ago. Offenses aren’t much better than this.
NFL talk: Can Tom Brady be compared to Joe Montana?
The Tom Brady/Joe Montana comparison has been floating around the mainstream since Brady won his first Super Bowl. At the time I believed that it was an unfair comparison ’cause Montana had achieved so much more than, at the time, a flash in the pan QB who rode momentum through the playoffs. Well, it’s many years later and the talk is still in the air, although the topic is rather stale, i can see it better now than when the topic was initially presented.
Tom Brady has won three Super Bowls and has a playoff record of 12-2. His overall playoff is better than Montana’s and Montana didn’t start off as well as Brady has in the playoffs. Brady’s instant post-season success makes it somewhat unfair to compare them to each other’s entire careers. Brady is still young and has many more games to play, Montana has had his cleats hung up for quite some time now. If you segment Montana’s career in a 5 year period and do the same with Brady, you can see a lot of similar post-season statistics.
Tom Brady’s Top 10 Plays
Tom Brady, Joe Montana pass each other compliments
Tom Brady has called Joe Montana “the greatest of all time and he always will be.” Joe Cool checked in yesterday and returned the compliment.
“He has the ability and he has a lot of time left, so he will probably pass everybody,” Montana told the Daily News. “I never like to say the greatest of all time, but when he is done, he will be the best one who ever played.”
Montana won four Super Bowls with the 49ers, tying Terry Bradshaw for the most victories by a quarterback. Brady can join them Sunday if he beats the Giants in Super Bowl XLII.
“When you watch highlights of Sammy Baugh, it’s pretty amazing,” Montana said. “It’s hard to compare to Tom or me or Johnny Unitas or (Dan) Marino or Brett (Favre) or whoever you want to put in there. But if Tom keeps going and if they keep the team together, he will blow everybody away.”
Google News
