Tweet 0
Associated Press
MIAMI -- Tom Brady sat on the bench, his sweat-soaked hair hanging in his face as he fumed about his first interception in nearly 11 months.
A little later he was back in the same seat wearing a wide grin as teammates congratulated him on a record-setting performance.
More Patriots-Dolphins Coverage
ESPNBoston.com
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady orchestrated another command performance against Miami, ESPNBoston.com's Mike Reiss writes. Story
The Patriots' new-look defense is still a work in progress, but plenty of silver linings were found in Miami, writes Chris Forsberg. Story
•  Patriots Blog | ESPNBoston.com
ESPN.com
The most important lesson from Miami's 38-24 defeat to New England? Chad Henne looked like a solid and confident NFL quarterback, ESPN.com's James Walker writes. Blog
•  Check out the AFC East blog
Brady shook off a rare turnover to throw for a team-record 517 yards and four touchdowns, including a 99-yarder to Wes Welker , and the New England Patriots started with a victory for the eighth consecutive season Monday night by beating the Miami Dolphins 38-24.
Defensive end Jared Odrick picked off a deflected pass to set up a Miami touchdown and end Brady's NFL-record streak of 358 passes without an interception.
Otherwise Brady and the reigning AFC East champions picked up where they left off last season, when he threw for 36 TDs and his team led the league in scoring.
New England totaled 622 yards, the most in franchise history and the most allowed by Miami. Brady's performance overshadowed Miami's Chad Henne , who threw for a career-high 416 yards.
The 906 net yards passing by both teams was an NFL record.
"They made some plays on us," Brady said. "We made a few more than them."
Brady, who went 32 for 48, became the 11th quarterback to throw for at least 500 yards. Norm Van Brocklin set the record of 554 yards in 1951.
"We're pleased to have him on our side," teammate Danny Woodhead said with a smile.
The capper came with 5:44 left and the Patriots leading 31-17. After they stopped Miami on downs at the 1-foot line, Brady lined up in the shotgun on first down and threw from his end zone to Welker, who had slipped behind Benny Sapp near the 30-yard line.
Easy Like Sunday Morning
Tom Brady had to wait until Monday night to open his 2011 season, but did so in grand fashion, torching the Dolphins for 517 yards and four TDs.
Most Pass Yards in a Game
NFL History
