"Not the defensive performance we were hoping for," said Miami coach Tony Sparano .
USA  TODAY Sports on Twitter!
To get  the latest sports news from USA TODAY, including game results, columns and features,  follow us on Twitter at @USATODAYSports .
Norm Van Brocklin owns the single-game passing record with 554 yards, set in 1951. But Brady remained focused on collective success.
"We executed pretty well at times, but it's a team sport," he said. "We made enough plays to win — that's the goal."
He came out of the tunnel smoking, connecting on his first eight attempts and leading the Patriots to touchdowns on their first two drives. He capped the evening with a 99-yard, fourth-quarter TD pass to Wes Welker , who evaded Benny Sapp down the sideline on the first play after Miami stalled on New England 's doorstep.
"Tom did a great job of throwing the ball," said New England head coach Bill Belichick . "(But) he's no one-man band out there."
Very true, especially as Brady weathers more changes in his rhythm section.
He occasionally felt some Miami heat behind a juggled offensive line which began the night with two new starters before center Dan Koppen was carted off with an ankle problem before halftime. Somber postgame tones from Belichick and Brady talking about Koppen seemed to indicate the gravity of his injury.
Brady also saw his NFL regular-season record streak of passes without an interception snapped at 358 — it dated to Oct. 17, 2010 — when Jared Odrick hauled in a deflection on the Patriots' first drive of the third quarter and rambled 39 yards to the New England 9. Miami tied the game 14-14 two plays later with a Chad Henne TD pass to Brian Hartline .
"It's a fine line between putting pressure on a defense and playing out of control," said Brady, who improved his record to 5-5 in Miami. "I thought at times we did both, and you never really want to play out of control on offense."
But looking like a man aimed at a third MVP (which would be one fewer than Peyton Manning 's record four), Brady regrouped and led his team to 17 points on its next three drives, putting the game out of reach.
"I enjoy scoring points," said Brady. "Whatever the hell we need to do to score points, that's what I enjoy doing."
Henne, embattled since training camp amid the team's failed bid to acquire Kyle Orton from the Denver Broncos , looked poised and played effectively at the outset of his fourth season. He calmly marched Miami 84 yards to pay dirt, leaving an empty backfield for a 9-yard scamper to the end zone and giving the Dolphins their first season-opening TD drive since 2000. He finished with 416 passing yards, establishing his own career-best.
Solid, but nearly enough to outduel Brady, who combined with Henne (his fellow former Michigan Wolverine) for 906 net passing yards, an NFL single-game record.
"It's not about my personal stats up there," said Henne. "It's all about team and what we need to get accomplished and win games out there."
Reggie Bush made his debut in front of his new home fans and gained 33 yards from scrimmage on his first drive. He finished with 94 total yards and scored on a 2-yard reception late in the fourth quarter when the game was out of reach.
New England's biggest acquisitions, wideout Chad Ochocinco and defensive lineman Albert Haynesworth , didn't distinguish themselves. Ochocinco finished with one catch for 14 yards and negated a 41-yard pass to tight end Rob Gronkowski in the first quarter with an illegal formation penalty. Haynesworth made a pair of tackles.
Notes: Brady's previous career-high for passing yards was 410. Henne's was 363. … The Patriots outgained the Dolphins 622-488. … Patriots starting right tackle Sebastian Vollmer was inactive with a back injury; rookie first-rounder Nate Solder started in his place. New right guard Brian Waters also started just a week after signing with New England. … Dolphins second-round running back Daniel Thomas sat with a bum hamstring.
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
| Updated
Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more  
 
