Associated Press
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. --  Tebowmania had no chance against Tom Brady 's playoff pedigree.
All the heroics, all the big plays and quite a few records belonged to Brady and the New England Patriots on Saturday night in a 45-10 rout of overmatched Tim Tebow and the Denver Broncos . Brady threw six touchdown passes, five in the first half, putting the Patriots into the AFC Championship Game and silencing the nationwide frenzy surrounding Tebow.
More Broncos-Patriots Coverage
ESPNBoston.com
Motivated by recent playoff failings, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady left no doubt who is the best, writes Jackie MacMullan. Story
After halting Tim Tebow and the Broncos, the maligned Pats defense seems to be coming together, writes Mike Reiss. Story
•  Patriots Blog | ESPNBoston.com
ESPN.com
After two years of playoff struggles, Tom Brady and the Patriots rediscovered their killer instinct, writes James Walker. Blog
Tebowmania isn't over. It's just on hiatus after the Broncos lost to a much, much better team, writes Bill Williamson. Blog
• Stats & Info: Miracle run at its end
The Patriots (14-3), winners of nine straight games, will host either Baltimore or Houston next Sunday for a spot in the Super Bowl. Saturday night's romp snapped a three-game postseason losing streak, two of those at Gillette Stadium, and lifted the Patriots to the verge of their fifth Super Bowl appearance in 11 seasons. They've won three of those, two with Brady as the game's MVP.
"We came in and started fast and it was a big win for us," said Brady, who even got off a 48-yard punt on third down.
"I have no idea about records and stuff like that. Anytime you score 45, obviously with the help of our defense, and special teams played great -- hopefully we can go out next week and play even better."
From the first snap, this was a mismatch. The Patriots were not going to make the same mistakes the Steelers made against this team.
"He's been around the block a few times," cornerback Champ Bailey said of Brady. "He knows how to win games. If you're not ready to punch him in the mouth he's going to eat you up all night."
A nation transfixed by Tebow's play, if not his religious beliefs, tuned in Saturday to see if he had any more magic in store for Brady and company. He had nothing left as the Patriots made this must-see TV only for those who live in New England.
"Any time you're getting beat like that, it doesn't change how you fight," Tebow said. "It didn't matter whether it was the first play or the last play or whether we're down by 42. ... I wanted to be the same player."
Cracking The Code
In the past two postseasons, opponents have sat back and dared Tom Brady to find holes in their coverages. On Saturday, Brady found the holes, found open receivers and fueled a record-breaking romp.
Brady Against 4 or Fewer Pass Rushers
Last 3 Postseasons
