Add to Timeline - What's This
Click "Add to Timeline" to publish
what you read to Facebook
See what your friends have read
on CBS Local sites
Use "Remove" or "Turn off" to
disable at any time
sloopjohnB2
Pats choked.   They blew  it.  Welker should have caught that third  down pass. If he had game was over.  Shame
BOSTONFANNATIC
Tom Brady did it again. He is way over-rated.  If he is one of the true greats then he should have put more points on the board. Just one touchdown in 1st half have is disgusting.
GIANT Losers
Keep setting personal records Tom, they don’t mean crap when you lose 2 straight superbowls to teams that don’t cheat
al4624
well first off…tom brady owes me two hundred bucks for that effing safety!!  had giants 7 and pats 0 for a square so therefore would have won the first 2 quarters….aside from that…brady did well i think….it was more the dropped passes that lost the game…but maybe it’s time to get rid of some people and do some rebuilding….but anyway love you pats and till next year…till then  GO BRUINS BABY!!!
Choke Brady
I dont care what his  stats are HE LOST AGAIN  LET ME SAYAGAIN  HE LOST AGAIN He won a big plyoff gamegame since 2004.you morons with the stats only w’s count tell,me abig game wheere hrhad=s played wkll and s won sincew 04.regular season is meaning lees He is just the new Dan Marino or Peyton Manning  Great regular season stats nothing in big ones
Anne
Don”t feel  so bad  Patriot fans. There’s always next year, and the year after that, and the year after that, and the year after……………………..
Alan
Super Bowl Stats: Giants 4-1, Pats 3-4, 0-2 last 2 SB”s. Some Dynasty!!!!!!!
Buddy
Wow,
It’s not all Brady’s fault. The defense in my opinion is awful. They can’t blitz which is a must on any quaterback. The Patriots secondary is so awful and no doubt blew the gane. I wish Rodney Harrison came back to show these defensive backs how to throw a good lick and make any opponet think twice. Maybe next time!
Gronkowski should not have even been in the game. They let two healthy players go on super bowl eve.
Bad move. I would prefer two healthy guys in the game instead of someone iffy and not able to perform at 100%. Very bad call on the Coach’s part.
gramps
Sports Illistrated 21, PATS 17…..
Move over Tom & Payton, Eli gets the ‘window seat’!
gramps……PS
IMO:
It was the late 4th qtr. off side penalty, that did them in!…..
Welker, should not be made the ‘patsie’, if it wasn’t for him & the year he had, they’d have been sitting @ home!
brent
Bottom line:  Brady was 27 for 41 (66%) for the game, which is perfectly good.  But as noted, he went 16 for 16 in the stretch that included the two touchdowns.  Other than that record completion stretch, Brady was 11 for 25 (44%), not so good.
I am not a Patriots or a Brady fan, but the fact is that he is a great quarterback.  The Patriots just did not perform well enough to win, bottom line. It was a team loss.
