November 14th, 2011 | 9:45 AM
Bill Belichick and Tom Brady have won more games than any coach-QB pairing in NFL history
Two more Dan Marino marks fell by the wayside Sunday, which Miami Dolphins loyalists tend to take personally.
First, Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton surpassed the record Marino had shared with Jim Plunkett since 1983 for most touchdown passes by a rookie (now 14) through his first nine games.
Then, much more significantly, the New England Patriots pounded the New York Jets on Sunday night, which meant Marino and Don Shula had to step aside as Tom Brady and Bill Belichick set the new mark for most combined wins (117) by a quarterback-coach pairing.
“I was very fortunate to be with a guy like Coach Shula and that staff,” Marino said this morning on WQAM’s The Joe Rose Show. “They always gave us an opportunity to be successful, no matter if we were a team that was heading to the Super Bowl or a team just trying to get into the playoffs. Coach Shula was just terrific.”
As for losing the coach-QB wins record …  
“That’s something  I always talked about being very proud of,” Marino said, “because football, you see this passing, you see all that. It’s about throwing touchdowns and getting your team in position to win and winning games, from my position. … Being with Coach Shula and winning [116] games is pretty strong.”
Of course, it took Marino and Shula parts of 13 different seasons (1983-95) to set that mark.
“How many years was that with Brady and Belichick?” Marino wondered aloud. “They might have done it a little quicker than we did, but I don’t know.”
For Brady and Belichick, it all happened in a span of basically 10 seasons (2001-11), with Brady missing all but the first quarter of the first game in 2008. And, painful as it is to admit, the B&B Boys crammed three Super Bowl rings into that span as well.
Marino also sounds more and more resigned to losing his record for most passing yards in a season (5,084), which has stood since 1984.
“It’s pretty cool the 5,000-yard thing is still there; it looks like that’s going to go away this year too,” Marino said. “It’s more of a passing league now than it’s ever been in the history of the game, so those things are going to happen. … It’s fine. A lot of those things actually lasted a pretty long time.”
As Rose ribbed his old teammate about gradually ceding his stranglehold on those passing records, a bit of the old Marino fire roared anew.
 ”Oh, I’ve got some other ones out there, Joe,” Marino said. “There’s more than just one [left].”
Yes, but for how much longer?
