Jim Rogash/Getty Images
Updated: Jan. 31, 2012
Tom Brady is the quarterback for the New England Patriots. He is a two-time National Football League Most Valuable Player and has won three Super Bowl games. In the 2000 draft, six N.F.L. teams passed on Brady before the Patriots called his name.
Brady has proved scores of doubters wrong, has motivated teammates, has said all the right things and has won against all odds. He has exceeded everybody’s initial expectations, save possibly his own, on the strength of talents that he has worked assiduously to refine.
In his first two Super Bowls (against the Rams and Panthers), Brady got the ball with 1 minute 21 seconds or less remaining and drove the team to game-winning field goals both times. The Patriots did not record a single rushing attempt on either of those drives to victory, putting things squarely in Brady’s capable hands.
In November 2011, Brady and Bill Belichick became the winningest head coach-quarterback tandem of the Super Bowl era (since 1966). They registered their 117th regular-season victory to move past Don Shula and Dan Marino, who totaled 116 for the Miami Dolphins from 1983-95.
Brady’s pedigree is purebred. His mother, Galynn, was a nationally ranked amateur tennis player, and his three sisters were college athletes. He grew up in the San Francisco Bay area, tailgating at Candlestick Park when Joe Montana was the quarterback of the 49ers.
Read More...
Brady was the backup quarterback on a high school freshman team that did not win a game or score a touchdown. Then he was the seventh-string quarterback at the University of Michigan and did not solidify the starting job until there were four games left in his senior season. After that, he was a sixth-round draft choice by the Patriots.
When no team called Brady’s name the first night of the 2000 N.F.L. draft, he lay in bed and began to consider other professions. But when the Patriots finally selected him, he thought back to college, to the 14-point second-half deficit he overcame against Notre Dame; the 10-point fourth-quarter deficit he overcame at Penn State; the two 14-point deficits he overcame against Alabama.
Each of those rallies would serve as a microcosm of his career. After New England’s starter Drew Bledsoe sheared a blood vessel in September 2001, Brady led the Patriots back from 10 points down against San Diego, and Bledsoe might as well have packed his bags. Brady and Boston made an uncanny match. He was the altar boy in the Irish Catholic capital, the Matt Damon look-alike in Matt Damon’s hometown.
Brady has been named one of People magazine’s “50 Most Beautiful People,” and in 2009, he married supermodel Gisele Bündchen. The couple has a son.
