Team-record 517 yards for Brady in opening win
September 13, 2011|By Shalise Manza Young, Globe Staff
When Tom Brady connected with Wes Welker in the fourth quarter, it was something… (Jim Davis/Globe Staff )
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. - In the South Florida humidity, the reigning NFL Most Valuable Player posted a franchise-record 517 passing yards and he and his offensive teammates totaled a team-record 622 yards despite starting a rookie at right tackle, a veteran who was signed little more than a week earlier at right guard, and losing their center midway through the game.
And it was done against a Miami Dolphins defense that has more than its share of good players.
In the words of receiver Chad Ochocinco, “that’s some video game [expletive].’’
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady completed 32 of 48 pass attempts to eight receivers, and threw for four touchdowns last night in a 38-24 victory.
But while the numbers certainly are those often seen in Madden, not even in the ever-popular video game could one see the type of high-paced no-huddle offense the Patriots ran.
In Madden, you pause between each play, scroll through pages of options, and decide the next one to run; with Brady, when he’s on like last night, there seems to be no pause at all.
For New England, it was go, go, go and good luck to the Dolphins trying to keep up.
“It was effective,’’ Brian Waters, the veteran who started at right guard, said of the hurry-up, tongue firmly in cheek. “[Tonight] was phenomenal. There’s still things we can do to get better at, and that’s scary.’’
Of course, while Brady made things look easy, after the game he downplayed his performance and credited the Dolphins’ defense with making things difficult.
“It was a good night in the sense that I thought we executed pretty well at times,’’ he said. “It’s a team sport and those guys were catching the ball and making some great plays. There were a lot of tough looks out there that we got and guys really stayed aware of the situation. We made enough plays to win and that’s the goal. We were coming down here to win and this is always a tough place to play.’’
Coach Bill Belichick said, “It was no one-man band out there,’’ making sure to credit the offensive line, receivers, and running backs for contributing to Brady’s stellar night, but it’s difficult to say that Brady was not the guiding force behind the Patriot offense’s tour de force.
“That’s a tough responsibility with the humidity and heat,’’ receiver Matthew Slater said of running the no-huddle. “He did a great job of getting us to the ball and getting the play called. It’s tough for us, too.
“I’m honored and thrilled to be on his side, and glad I was able to contribute to the effort tonight. But that guy’s good - make no mistake.’’
1
