Back to Biographies for Kids
Tom Brady is a professional quarterback in the National Football League. He plays for the New England Patriots. He is considered to be one of the best quarterbacks to ever play football. His season in 2007 was one of the greatest seasons ever by a quarterback. He also has led the Patriots to 3 Super Bowl championships. He is known for his intelligence as a quarterback, his accurate passing, and his ability to lead his team to wins in important and championship games.
Where did Tom Brady grow up?
Tom was born in San Mateo, California on August 3, 1977. He grew up there and went to high school there.
Did Tom Brady go to college?
Brady went to college and played quarterback at the University of Michigan. He wasn't rated high by professional scouts and was the 199th player drafted. However, he turned out to be one of the best players in the draft. At first, he was the fourth string quarterback for the start of the season and hardly played much his rookie year. However, in his second season, the starting quarterback got hurt and Tom got his chance to play. He ended up leading the Patriots to a Super Bowl win.
How many Super Bowls has Tom Brady won?
Tom has won 3 Super Bowls with the New England Patriots (2001, 2003, 2004). He also played in the Super Bowl in 2007 where the Patriots lost to the New York Giants.
What number does Tom Brady wear?
He wears the number 12 with the Patriots. He wore number 10 when he played for the University of Michigan.
Does Tom hold any NFL records?
Tom Brady holds many quarterback records in the NFL. Some of them include:
Most playoff wins in a row: 10
Most passing touchdowns in a season: 50
Most completions in a single Super Bowl: 32 (tied)
Most career Super Bowl completions: 100 (as of 2010)
Tom Brady was also the fastest quarterback to have 100 wins. He did this in his first 131 games.
Fun Facts about Tom Brady
He grew up a San Francisco 49ers fan and Joe Montana was one of his heroes.
He is married to Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen.
Tom was the youngest player to win a Super Bowl (now the 2nd youngest).
He likes to play practical jokes on his teammates.
Tom Brady was also a very good baseball player. He was actually drafted by the Montreal Expos as a catcher.
He went to the same high school as Barry Bonds and Lynn Swann.
Other Sports Legend's Biographies:
