People tell me Bill Belichick might be the greatest coach of all time,       and he might. Except look at his record with Brady: It's 140-40,       including 16-5 in the playoffs and 3-1 in Super Bowls.
Now look at his record without him: 52-63, including 1-1 in the playoffs.
I talk about Montana's accomplishments in the Super Bowl, but look at       Brady. He completed 65.35 percent of his passes, with seven touchdowns       and only one interception. Plus, he's 3-1, with more Lombardi Trophies       than any current quarterback.
Not bad. But not Joe.
"You'd think a guy like Tom Brady, with all the success that he's had,       that maybe he'd start to think about his legacy," one coach familiar       with the guy said, "but I don't get a sense of watching him play. I       think his legacy is winning."
It is. Brady's regular-season winning percentage is second-best in NFL       history and two ahead of ... you guessed it, Joe Montana. Now, look how       he got there: Without Jerry Rice and Roger Craig and John Taylor and       Dwight Clark for a supporting cast.
In essence, nobody did more with less.
"He makes guys look better than they should," an AFC coach said. "You       look at guys like David Givens or David Patten ,       and it's right on down the line. Deion Branch does really well with Tom, and then he leaves and doesn't really do       anything. And that's what I love about Tom: He makes people around him       better."
But there's something else. Like Montana, he refuses to lose. Shortly       after St. Louis tied New England at 17 late in Super Bowl XXXVI,       broadcasters said Brady and the Patriots would be smart to play it safe,       run out the clock and take his chances in overtime.
He did not. Instead, he completed five of seven passes, put the Patriots       in position for a winning field goal and produced one of the greatest       upsets in Super Bowl history.
"The guy is an absolute driven machine," one AFC head coach said. "When       you watch him from the field, he's large, and he's in charge. Tom Brady       is as good as it gets."
Where they're alike
Neither Tom Brady or Joe Montana has a spring-loaded right arm, but both       are accurate. They're smart. They're mobile. They're poised. They're       Super Bowl MVPs. They're regular-season MVPs. And they're the best       quarterbacks of their generations.
"They're in different offenses," one NFC defensive coordinator said,       "but the results are the same. Plus, the mastery of their offenses is       exactly the same.
"Both are in total command of what they're doing, and they're uncanny       with their accuracy. Neither is known as a guy with a gun, but every       throw is there. Plus, they both win."
Montana's playoff record was 16-7; Brady's playoff record is 16-5.
"Neither one is going to win a decathlon," our coordinator said, "but       they can move around and do what they have to do. In essence, they know       how to play quarterback. You have some guys who are quarterbacks, and       others who know how to play quarterback. These guys know how to       play. They win, and they win consistently."
Where they're different
Obviously, they played in different eras. Montana's 49ers ran the ball       more and more effectively than Brady's Patriots. The rules weren't as       quarterback-friendly for Montana as they are for Brady and today's       passers -- which is another way of saying that defenses were better.
But there was no salary cap with Montana, and there was no Rice, Taylor,       Clark, Craig and Brent Jones, either. So Brady had Randy       Moss . He had him for just more than three years and didn't win       a Super Bowl.
"You can't deny what Tom Brady has done," said former coach Brian       Billick, now an analyst with Fox and the NFL Network. "But Joe Montana       would say, 'Wait a minute, give me the same rules now. Let me operate       under these rules. Come look at me then.'
"I think the other thing on the flip side, taking nothing away from Joe,       is that Bill Walsh called every play. That was Bill Walsh's offense that       Joe Montana orchestrated so magnificently. But this is Tom Brady's       offense -- less demonstrative but very much Peyton Manning-esque.
"Brady and Peyton Manning are       old-school. They understand it's a team effort, but when they get on the       field, they're orchestrating these offenses. And if you're looking for a       distinction, that's one of them."
If you're looking at their mobility, that's another. Montana was more       active outside the pocket, often throwing on the run. Brady moves well,       but it's within the pocket to avoid the sack, pressure or late       hit.
Check out replays of The Catch. That's not Tom Brady. Nor will it be. He       seldom scrambles to make throws on the run.
"They had some sprint-out passes for Joe, no doubt about it," Edwards       said. "He was probably better that way. But that's not to say Brady       couldn't do it. He's just not asked to."
Then there's the team around them. Montana's starting receivers in his       four Super Bowls were Rice, Taylor, Clark and Freddie Solomon. Period.       Because he played in an age where there was no salary cap, there was a       consistency in lineups that is absent today.
Now look at the starting wide receivers in Brady's four Super Bowls:       They were Moss, Givens, Patten, Branch, Troy Brown and Wes       Welker . Tell me which was better than Rice.
Bottom line: Brady carries a heavier burden to produce.
"Joe was a little bit different in that they ran the ball a lot more       than New England," Edwards said. "Joe went to his backs more than Brady,       whose outlet pass -- for the most part -- has been to Wes Welker.
"So they're built different in that sense. Brady plays in an offense       where they spread the field on you and throw the ball all over the       field. But, basically, they attack you the same way: They attack you       inside the numbers."
Bottom line
I called one GM and asked if one more Super Bowl victory put Brady in       the conversation with Montana.
"I don't know if he has to win the fourth championship for you to do       that," he said. "I mean, what else does he have to do?"
Win Sunday.
Montana is 4 for 4 in Super Bowls. Brady is 3 for 4. But Brady didn't       have the talent around him that Montana did. He played with an       ever-changing assortment of running backs and receivers, and this season       had to bail out the league's 31st-ranked defense.
"Plus," Billick said, "he's transformed from the vertical game to small       ball. Joe was in the same offense forever. We're splitting hairs here.       This is one where you have no definitive answer."
I'll second that. Montana was extraordinary. Brady is extraordinary.       Montana almost never lost. Same with Brady. But Brady is one Lombardi       Trophy short of Joe, and until or unless he wins a fourth, our debate       doesn't begin.
"You're posing a question I always ask people," Edwards said. "Who do       you love more -- your wife or your Mom? C'mon. The bigger the moment,       the bigger these guys played. And that's all you need to know."
 
