Post a comment
It may be unfair to compare Tom Brady to Peyton Manning due to his season ending injury, but the similarities between these two quarterbacks are very recognizable indeed. During the 2007 season, Tom Brady's 50 Touchdown passes surpassed Peyton Manning's previous record of 49 in 2004. The competitiveness of these two players can be felt around the league, and they are loved by football fans throughout the United States. Tom Brady led the New England Patriots to a perfect 16-0 season, and returned the team to their fourth Super Bowl appearance in less than a seven year period. Tom Edward Patrick Brady has revolutionized the quarterback position, his calmness under pressure speaks volumes on what he has managed to accomplish in a brief NFL career. He has become the poster child of cool, and he is surely missed in this NFL season. Although in respect to Peyton Manning, the Colts quarterback has managed to achieve what some quarterbacks only dream of. By winning his first Super Bowl in 2006 he has achieved his ultimate goal. Although Tom Brady has two more Super Bowl rings than Manning, Peyton holds a few records of his own. Peyton has been elected to the Pro Bowl 8 times, and holds the NFL record for most consecutive 4000 yard seasons. No other quarterback has managed to do what Peyton Manning has accomplished in his 11 year career.
In comparrison to most modern day quarterbacks, Peyton Manning interception ratio remains at a minimum compared to the best in NFL history. Among active quarterbacks his rating of 2.8% places him in the twentieth position for his respective NFL career. Tom Brady has a 2.4% rating among active players, in the rankings he is listed number six, placing him above Manning's position. Since 1998 Peyton Manning has completed 21.7 completed passes per game, placing him in the number one position among active and retired players - which is an NFL record. Tom Brady has completed 20.4 percent of passes per game - placing him in the number six position. Only die-hard football enthusiast of the game know that Peyton Manning has only been sacked a minuscule 3.43% in his career - in comparison to Tom Brady's career 5.26%.
A NFL quarterback is rated in many ways, one of the statistics would be how many passing yards per game a player throws, and this can determine how efficient their performance is on managing a game. Peyton Manning has thrown an average of 260 yards per game, which places him in the number one position, this is another NFL record. On the other hand, Tom Brady has thrown for 234 yards per game, placing him in twelfth place all time.
The similarities between Peyton Manning and Tom Brady are indeed impressive. Only time will acquaint with how many NFL records that both of these quarterbacks will own before they retire from the world of football.
Published by Alfonso Coley
My passion includes writing about important events that shape our society, opinions, view points, and relationships. A true writer is not afraid to bare his soul - a service that should always be refined wit...   View profile
