Print
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- The Patriots wore throwback uniforms Sunday to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the American Football League. But it sure looked as if Tom Brady and the New England offense were raising a glass to 2007.
Brady tied a career high with six touchdown passes in helping the Patriots open a 52-0 advantage over the Tennessee Titans before departing after one series in the second half.
Brady completed 29 of 34 passes for 380 yards, six touchdowns and no interceptions as New England went on to win 59-0.
What's more, Brady set an NFL record with five touchdown passes in one quarter, throwing scoring strikes to Randy Moss and Wes Welker (two apiece) and Kevin Faulk in the second quarter.
Brady didn't even realize he had set an NFL record with five touchdowns in one quarter until after the game.
"To tell you the truth, I didn't even know," said Brady. "I mean, I really didn't. I knew we were playing good -- I knew that. We were kind of going up and down the field, and the two-minute drive, I always love getting the ball with two minutes, especially with no time left on the clock for the defense. So that's always the goal -- to score and not give the opponent time to come back. It was good.  We did a great job. Play calls were great. It was really a fun day to be out there."
The 35 points in the second quarter set a Patriots record for points in a quarter, and the 45-point first half surpassed the team record for scoring in a half (42 against Miami in 2007).
The Patriots' 45-point lead at intermission was the largest halftime lead in NFL history, surpassing the previous mark of 42 when the Packers led the Buccaneers 49-7 on Oct. 2, 1983.
When Brian Hoyer scored on a 1-yard touchdown run in the third quarter, the Patriots set a franchise scoring record with 59 points.
In the first quarter, Brady connected on 7 of 7 passes for 93 yards, including a season-long 48-yard strike to Welker, but New England's lone touchdown in the quarter came on a 45-yard run by Laurence Maroney .
Aided by an opportunistic defense that kept giving the ball back to the offense in prime real estate, Brady connected on touchdown passes to Moss (40 yards, 28), Welker (30, 5), and Faulk (38) before halftime.
Brady finished the first half 24-of-28 for 345 yards and five touchdowns. For good measure, he came out for the first series of the second half and engineered one final scoring drive.
"I think it was good for all of us, I really do," said Brady. "It was a great week of practice for us. I think every week we're learning something more about ourselves and what we need to do. There's no doubt a game like this can really give you a lot of confidence and we've always been a confident team.
"I think we've been a disappointed team at times this year, not performing the way that we expected to... There have been some situations that come up and we've always tried to be a good situational team, a good bad weather team, really put a lot of pressure on the defense and today was a lot better."
