Patriots quarterback Brady rides records to MVP Award
Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Add Most Valuable Player to all the other accolades Tom Brady has been collecting.
Al Bello / Getty Images
Tom Brady became the first quarterback since Peyton Manning in 2004 to win the NFL MVP Award.
The New England Patriots ' record-setting quarterback drew all but one vote Saturday in romping to The Associated Press 2007 NFL MVP Award in the same manner his team romped through its schedule, going 16-0. On the way to the first unbeaten regular season since Miami went 14-0 in 1972, Brady put on a performance for the ages.
The eight-year veteran, who already has won three Super Bowls, helped the Patriots tear through the record books by throwing for 50 touchdowns. He beat Peyton Manning 's league mark by one, and also threw 23 of those touchdown passes to Randy Moss , which lifted the receiver past Jerry Rice's record of 22.
New England scored 589 points, another record, as was the Patriots' 75 touchdowns. Brady led the NFL with a 117.2 passer rating -- no, not another record, but close to Manning's 121.1 in 2004. Only one full-time AFC starter, Jacksonville's David Garrard , had fewer than Brady's eight interceptions. And Brady threw 253 more passes than Garrard.
Brady also was tops with a 68.9 completion percentage, and his 4,806 yards were 383 more than runner-up Drew Brees of New Orleans.
The team declined to make Brady available for comment on the award. But there was plenty of praise to go around from teammates and Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
"To be honest, I'm surprised it took so long for him to get this recognition because he's sort of been our MVP since he stepped on the field in '01, in my mind, and the way he just took over," Kraft said. "He treats everyone in that locker room the same way he treats me or the coaches.
"And the thing that I've found most interesting is if you talk to role players or backups how he talks to them and motivates them. He treats them like they're going to the Pro Bowl, with that kind of respect."
"He's our MVP. I think we've known that for quite some time. "I think his work ethic day in and day out (is most impressive). We get to practice against him so I think that makes us better. I think it makes us a better defense. He puts a lot of time into it. It's important to him. Going out there every week and then trying to play his absolute best is a priority for him."
Passing Peyton
Tom Brady passed Colts QB Peyton Manning's mark for the most touchdown passes in a single season this year.
Brady, 2007
New England Patriots Touchdowns: 50
Manning, 2004
