Recent News
USA Today reports the NFL is likely to begin the 2012 season with replacement referees.
The NFL and NFL Referees Association are at loggerheads in labor talks, and the league is apparently ready to play hardball. A source with knowledge of the negotiations would be "very surprised if there are not games played with scabs or replacement officials." Jun 5 - 9:46 PM
Source: USA Today
NFL Network's Michael Lombardi suspects the Patriots may "redefine" their offense this offseason, offering "a little bit more power."
The Pats offense has become so complex that rookie receivers and even newly acquired veterans (i.e. Chad Ochocinco, Joey Galloway) haven't made an impact. The "dink-and-dunk" attack is lethal against lesser defenses, but Josh McDaniels figures to stretch the field more against quality defenses in 2012. The addition of two fullbacks suggests the Pats may look to incorporate more running plays as well. Tom Brady remains a top-five fantasy QB regardless. Apr 1 - 11:40 AM
Source: ESPN Boston
Tom Brady restructured his contract, reducing his 2012 base salary to $950,000 while accepting a signing bonus of $10.8 million spread out over the cap for the next three seasons.
The move gives the Patriots an additional $7.2 million in cap space this year. "Let's remember when he restructures his deal," said owner Robert Kraft, "he's getting a bundle of cash up front." The Pats may have restructured Brady's deal with the hopes of locking up Rob Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez long term. Mar 23 - 10:01 AM
Source: Boston Herald
Tom Brady's long-time quarterback mentor Tom Martinez has passed away at the age of 66.
Martinez, who died of a heart attack, served as Brady's personal "guru" since Brady was 13. Martinez most recently met with Brady in September, when an "off" Brady summoned him to New England on Labor Day weekend. After meeting with Martinez for three days, Brady went on to shred the Dolphins for 517 yards in Week 1. Martinez coached at California community college powerhouse College of San Mateo from 1974-2005. Feb 21 - 9:38 PM
