Home » AFC » With an asterisk: Is HGH fueling Tom Brady’s record breaking pace?
With an asterisk: Is HGH fueling Tom Brady’s record breaking pace?
Posted  by Aaron Moon | 2 comments
The first quarter of the 2011 NFL season has been a statistician’s dream.  After four games several players are on pace to shatter multiple long standing records.  For starters, Dan Marino’s single season passing record is being threatened by six NFL quarterbacks.  Tom Brady , Drew Brees , Rookie Cam Newton , Aaron Rodgers , Philip Rivers and Tony Romo are all on pace to surpass Marino’s 27 year old mark of 5,084 passing yards.  To have six quarterbacks on pace to accomplish this feat is unprecedented, especially when you take into consideration the abbreviated off-season and the lack of time to mesh with offensive counterparts.  Wes Welker and Steve Smith combined stand under 12 feet yet both of them are on pace to shatter Jerry Rice ’s single season receiving record of 1848 yards.  It’s not just on the offensive side either.  Jason Babin and Jared Allen are both on pace to tackle Michael Strahan’s record of 22.5 quarterback sacks.  What’s with the record setting pace?
The last time a professional sport saw this type of assault on their record books began in the late 90’s and continued over the next seven years or so as professional baseball players seemed to discover the fountain of youth. For some, like a fine wine they got better with age and for others; they got bigger, stronger, and faster fueling an offensive explosion in Major League Baseball.  In 1998 Mark Mcgwire and Sammy Sosa both surpassed Roger Maris’ 37 year record of 61 home runs with 70 and 66 respectively.  Then only two years later Barry Bonds blasts 73 long balls to take his place on top of the mountain.  In 2004 in his 20th year in the league Roger Clemens went 18-4 with a 1.87 ERA.  Sports fans all know how things played out for the three aforementioned record setting athletes.
So let’s go back to the NFL.  With 25 yards receiving this weekend against the New Orleans Saints , Steve Smith will have bettered his 2010 yardage output for the entire season.  Now people will say oh it’s the quarterback change, Jimmy Clausen to Cam Newton makes a big difference.  Yes some, but that much?  Really?  Additionally Smith will accomplish this with almost half the receptions he had a year ago.  Matt Hasselbeck is 36 years old and off to his best start ever statistically.  Is it the change of scenery?  Sure, maybe. Or is it something else?  Sure, maybe.  Wes Welker is 30 years old and on pace for career highs in receptions, yards, average yards per catch and touchdowns.  Yeah, understand he plays for New England, but the dude is five-nine and a buck-eighty.
Look, this isn’t a finger pointing exhibition.  The unique thing about the NFL is that a player using HGH could make of those around him better and be the cause of inflated stats.  Are all six of those quarterbacks mentioned in the opening taking performance enhancing drugs?  No.  But what if one of their receivers or offensive lineman are?  Advantage quarterback, right?
Think about this.  One of the topics brought to life in the off-season collective bargaining agreement was HGH testing.  The NFL previously has not tested for HGH but outside entities are now calling for it.  So if you’re an average player looking to make his mark on the league in hopes of going from making average to mega money the temptation would be great.  Additionally if you’re an aging player looking to secure one more substantial contract before father time says you’re done then HGH at this time would be a temptation knowing that future testing is on the horizon.
In a September 18th 2011 article by Chris Mortensen, ESPN NFL Senior Analyst, he writes this about the future of HGH testing in the NFL.
“The NFL is expected to have HGH testing within five to 10 days on a marginal level, according to sources from both the league and its players union, though there has been no agreement reached yet between the two sides.
The NFL and NFLPA have received pressure from politicians, the latest being Sen. John McCain, who has joined those urging the league and union to commence testing.”
Hmmm, well the future in now in the past and still no HGH testing for the NFL.  It’s kinda like an innocent man exercising his 5th amendment rights.  If you have nothing to hide then let the testing begin.
Whether or not this record breaking pace withstands the test of time that is the NFL regular season, still remains to be seen.  However, if the trends continue throughout, fans can’t help but to wonder if whether or not one of their favorite player sacrificed the integrity of the league for the opportunity of a big payday?  In these troubled economic times, it certainly would be appealing.  Would you blame them and would you still watch are questions still without answers.  Guess that bridge gets crossed when we get there.
Aaron Moon is a Featured Journalist for The Penalty Flag
