Text size A A A
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, on his appearance on Inside the NFL on Showtime, says the Green Bay Packers' Aaron Rodgers is playing quarterback as well it can be played. It’s hard to imagine how it could be played any better.
“It’s so impressive when you watch a team that can string together that many victories going all the way back to last season,” Brady said. “It really tells you what the character and the makeup of the players on that team are. So [the Packers] getting off to the start that they’ve gotten off to is very impressive. And the way Aaron’s playing, it’s impossible to play the quarterback position any better than he is playing right now.”
Perfection? The Packers are 11-0, en route to defending their Super Bowl title and have Aaron Rodgers at quarterback having possibly the best season ever. (AP Photo)
— Hot Reads with Troy Aikman: How coaches can lose their teams
Too bad he didn’t compare Rodgers’ performance this season to his own in 2007, which was arguably the greatest QB season in NFL history up until now. In ’07, Brady had an NFL-record 50 touchdown passes, eight interceptions and a 117.2 passer rating.
Through 11 games this season—all Packers victories—Rodgers has 33 touchdown passes, four interceptions and a 127.7 passer rating. The highest season passer rating in NFL history is 121.1, by the Indianapolis Colts' Peyton Manning in 2004.
The Patriots were 18-0 in 2007 before losing to the New York Giants in the Super Bowl. Rodgers can one-up Brady by leading the Packers to another Super Bowl title and a 19-0 record, something that seems entirely doable.
What distinguishes Rodgers most from Brady is his mobility. Rodgers has rushed for 175 yards and two touchdowns this season and is arguably the best in history at throwing on the run. No current NFL QB comes close to his ability to throw with zip and accuracy on the move.
— NFL Week 13 picks | Sunday showdown: Packers at Giants, 4:15 p.m. ET
And the honors keep rolling in for Rodgers. He won NFC offensive player of the month for November and became the first player to win the award four months in a row (his streak began in December 2010) in the 26-year history of the award.
In November, Rodgers had a ridiculous 131.6 passer rating, 13 touchdown passes and one interception. His lowest passer rating for a game this season is 111.4.
