Extreme
NFL Retirees Sue Tom Brady
Former NFL players, including 26 Hall of Famers, Pats legend John Hannah, Bednarik, Eller, Dan Hampton, Paul Krause, Lemuel Barney, Mel Renfro and Elvin Bethea, all Pro Football Hall of Famers, have filed suit in Minnesota claiming that Brady, Mike Vrabel, union president DeMaurice Smith, and the NFLPA itself had no right in bargaining with retiree benefits when they came to a settlement with the NFL to end the lockout.
“They were not a union at that time,” Michael Hausfeld, the plaintiffs’ lawyer, told Yahoo! Sports.
As such, any agreement concerning pension, retiree health care or other issues was not properly agreed, Hausfeld said. The suit seeks a declaration that the “right to negotiate with the League the rights and benefits for NFL retirees” rests with the Eller plaintiffs. Hausfeld said the lawsuit does not threaten the labor peace reached by last month’s collective bargaining agreement, which saved the 2011 season. - Yahoo Sports
Basically, Tom Brady and the players union had no right to make any deals concerning retired players once the NFL decertified this spring.
Retired players are feeling screwed, because the new benefits only address the rights of active players, and do nothing to help former players who had no protection from things like multiple concussions, career-ending injuries, and other advancements that have been made in the game in recent years. (On a positive note, none of the guys who played ball wearing leather helmets have any idea what’s going on today as their brains are probably mush by now.)
[ More on lawsuit: Official complaint | Exhibit A | Exhibit B ] (Yahoo Sports)
For The Record: I’m with the old guys on this one, but they should have intervened when the negotiations were going on. This thing has scheister lawyer stank all over it. Brady, Smith, and Vrabel (who’s a retired player himself) weren’t trying to cut retired players out of anything, they may have just assumed that by asking for retroavtive compensation for guys who actually played Super Bowls in the snow, they would have been putting the entire settlement at risk.
Posted by Charles Drengberg on 09/14/2011. Filed under NFL .         You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 .                 You can leave a response or trackback to this entry
facebook comments:
