"For us to come out and play the way we did, have a very solid performance in the most important game of the year, is very gratifying."
Belichick concurred.
"I just can't say enough about the players today," said Belichick, whose postseason record improved to 16-6.
"They stepped up and they made a lot of big plays throughout the game for 60 minutes. We got contributions from everybody.
"I'm really excited for them. They deserved it. They've worked hard, they've put up with me, so they deserve this."
The Patriots will host the Baltimore Ravens or Houston Texans next Sunday afternoon for the right to advance to Super Bowl XLVI in Indianapolis.
After seemingly captivating the nation with his magical performance in last week's wild-card win over the Pittsburgh Steelers , Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow wasn't a factor on this night, completing just nine of 26 passes for 136 yards but none of the downfield throws that marked his heroics in that unforgettable overtime thriller.
"You've got to give them credit," Tebow said of a defense that limited the Broncos to 252 yards. "They came out with a good scheme. We weren't able to quite get it clicking tonight."
But Tebow never stood much of a chance given the way Brady shredded the Denver defense all night.
Brady needed just 1:51 to drive the Patriots 80 yards in five plays on the opening possession, capping it with a 7-yard scoring strike to Wes Welker . The next New England march covered 59 yards and seven plays with Gronkowski snaring a 10-yard TD pass.
"Obviously, you can't start a game any better than that," said Gronkowksi.
Brady had a hand in the next touchdown, too … albeit because his fifth interception in his last three playoff starts set up Denver's only TD (a 5-yard Willis McGahee run on the first play of the second quarter). But that was the last time the Broncos would look remotely competitive.
At one point in the third quarter, Brady had six TD passes while Tebow had three completions.
"He was on fire, man," Gronkowski said of Brady. "That's just how he is."
Brady finished with a playoff team record 363 passing yards to go along with the half-dozen TD strikes. New England's 45 points and 509 yards were also new standards for the franchise in postseason.
"What can you say?" asked Broncos Pro Bowl cornerback Champ Bailey . "He's Tom Brady. He's been around the block a few times, and if you're not ready to punch him in the mouth, he's going to eat you up all night."
"We are a work in progress," said Broncos coach John Fox .
"I think it is evident that we have work to do."
Fox praised his team's season-long resilience even if it wasn't able to bounce back from the Patriots' onslaught on this night.
Gronkowski caught 10 balls for 145 yards. Fellow second-year tight end Aaron Hernandez snared four for 55 and had his own score. Hernandez also notably lined up in the backfield and led the Patriots with 61 rushing yards on five carries, Belichick's latest innovative wrinkle.
"Everybody makes plays on this team, and that is why our offense is so dangerous," said Hernandez. "They don't know who to cover."
Despite the blowout, some Broncos were circumspect after battling back to win the AFC West and a playoff game following a 1-4 start to the season.
"It's not like we lost to some bums," said Denver cornerback Andre' Goodman . "We lost to Tom Brady and the Patriots. We lost to a great team and a three-time Super Bowl winning quarterback, so we definitely have something to build on next year."
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
| Updated
USA TODAY is now using Facebook Comments on our stories and blog posts to provide an enhanced user experience. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then "Add" your comment. To report spam or abuse, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find out more, read the FAQ and Conversation Guidelines . 
 
