Share Email Print
New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees (9) greets the crowd after  an NFL football game against the Atlanta Falcons in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 26, 2011. Brees broke Dan Marino's single season passing record in the game.  (AP Photo/Bill Feig)
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) in the first half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins in Foxborough, Mass., Saturday Dec. 24, 2011. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)
Drew Brees broke Dan Marino's single-season passing yards record Monday night, seemingly putting a cap to one of the best seasons by a quarterback the NFL has ever seen.
Brees has averaged an impressive 339 yards per game and his 41 touchdown passes are the second most in the NFL. Still, while Brees will certainly be remembered as the player who broke Marino's 27-year-old record, he may not be the record holder for very long.
Tom Brady enters the final week of the NFL season just 190 yards behind Brees and has a chance of breaking his recently-set record.
Here's why:
The New England Patriots have clinched the AFC East and a first-round bye in the upcoming AFC playoffs. They'll be battling in Week 17 for home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. For the Pats, it's simple: win and they've clinched all-important home-field. For anyone that has spent some time in New England in January, you know that's an important factor.
In the NFC, the Green Bay Packers have wrapped up the No. 1 seed and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. Brees and the Saints are left battling with the San Francisco 49ers for the No. 2 spot and the conference's first-round bye.
San Francisco simply needs to win --- against the lowly St. Louis rams, nonetheless --- while New Orleans needs to beat the Carolina Panthers and see the 49ers lose in order to get the spot.
It stands logical that the Saints, with the NFC South and a memorable Week 16 in their pockets, may wave the white flag early in their game against the Panthers. With the Saints and 49ers both kicking their games off at 1:00 p.m. ET on Sunday, the Saints may wait and see how things are going in St. Louis before committing to Brees and the Saints' starters in the second half. After all, a healthy Drew Brees is much more important than potentially getting the No. 2 spot, right?
If the Saints elect to stand pat in Week 17, the door is wide open for Brady to set the record.
Differently than the Saints, the Patriots are in control of their own destiny. Win and they've got home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. With that in mind, I see no letting up on the part of Brady and Bill Belichick.
Given the fact that Brady has averaged 327 yards per game and threw for 387 against the Bills in Week 3 , is it that unreasonable that Brady can throw for around 400? Add in the fact that Ryan Fitzpatrick threw for 369 yards while carving up the Patriots' secondary handing them a loss in the aforementioned Week 3 matchup and the conditions are prime for the Patriots needing Brady to use his arm in order to secure the AFC's No. 1 spot.
Can Brady pass Brees this week and become the NFL's single-season passing record holder? Leave your thoughts in the comments below.
