UPI More Tom Brady pics
Why is He famous
Tom Brady has been the NFL’s poster boy since February 3, 2002, when he led the New England Patriots to their first Super Bowl victory in franchise history. He has since guided the Pats to two more titles while establishing new league records for most passing touchdowns in a single quarter, most passing touchdowns in a season, most games with three or more touchdown passes, and most consecutive wins in the postseason. Brady should only add to his impressive list of accomplishments his position as New England’s full-time starter. And when he's not on the field, Brady is just as hot a commodity. His recent fashion campaign for UGG went viral -- proof that Brady lives up to his other job as Mr. Gisele Bundchen .
 
Tom Brady Quote
" Don't let other people tell you what you're capable of.  As long as you believe in yourself and work hard to achieve whatever you set your mind to, you just keep plugging away. It may not be up to your timetable, but you can get it done."
92 Magnetism
Tom Brady isn’t your typical football player. While most of his peers are knuckle-dragging troglodytes, Brady is an urbane sophisticate who’s just as comfortable discussing fashion trends as he is in breaking down game tapes. His dashing figure and impeccable sense of style have landed him on a first name basis with world class designers like Karl Lagerfield and John Galliano while leading to exclusive photo shoots with Steven Klein and Bruce Weber, a pair of legendary shutterbugs who are just as well known among fashionistas as Peyton Manning and Brett Favre are among NFL fans. His recent viral campaign for UGGS is proof that Brady is a hot commodity both on and off the football field.
Tom Brady’s adonis-like physique has also attracted a long list of fabulous femmes like Nikki Ziering, Tara Reid , Audrey Quock, Layla Roberts, Erin Naas, Maria Menounos , and Bridget Moynahan , with whom he sired a child in August, 2007. “Tom Terrific,” has since shacked up with Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen in what may, or may not, be a deliberate attempt to create a genetically flawless race of human beings. The glamorous pair presently lives in Boston with their predictably perfect son, Benjamin.
93 Success
Tom Brady may not be the fastest quarterback in the NFL or the strongest passer, but what he lacks in athleticism he more than makes up for in his sheer dedication to the game. Few players spend as much time studying tape and analyzing their opponents as the Patriots’ signal caller, who prides himself on learning from his own miscues. "By no means have I ever thought I could just wake up and roll out of bed and go play professional quarterback,” he says. “I have to work really hard at it. And I enjoy working. I enjoy the classroom. I enjoy the off-season program." Brady’s pursuit of perfection has resulted in nine straight winning seasons for the Patriots, including four AFC Championships and three Super Bowl titles, a feat achieved by only three other quarterbacks in the history of the NFL. Along the way he’s also been selected to five Pro Bowl squads and has established 15 virtually unbreakable passing records. So, what is it that continues to drive this 34-year-old former MVP? "What really motivates me is self-doubt,” he says. “For me, when you doubt yourself, you're always challenging yourself."
Tom Brady Biography
Tom Brady always knew he would be a professional athlete -- it was just a matter of which sport to choose. A native of San Mateo, California, this 6’4”, 225 lb. bruiser was an stand-out baseball and football player at Junipero Serra High, where he used his rocket launcher of an arm to throw for 3,702 yards and 31 touchdowns on the gridiron while also throwing out runners on a regular basis on the baseball diamond.
In fact, scouts were so impressed with Brady’s skills as a catcher that the Montreal Expos drafted him in the 18th round of the 1995 Major League draft. Luckily for football fans, Brady decided to pass on the offer and he accepted a football scholarship to the University of Michigan instead, where he lead the Wolverines to a pair of high profile bowl victories, while also setting school records for completions, attempts and yardage.
tom brady is drafted by the new england patriots
Brady’s steady improvement caught the attention of the NFL’s top evaluators and he was drafted by the New England Patriots in the sixth round of the league’s 2000 draft. Unfortunately, the presence of All-Pro quarterback Drew Bledsoe kept Brady pinned to the bench for most of the season and he appeared in only game all year, throwing one pass for six yards against the woeful Lions.
tom brady and the pats win super bowl xXXVI
Tom Brady likely would have remained on the sidelines in 2001 were it not for an injury to Bledsoe in the season’s second week. The 24-year-old signal caller was subsequently thrust into the starter’s role and he responded by guiding the Pats to a surprising 11-3 finish while throwing for 2,843 yards and 18 touchdowns. Those strong numbers raised eyebrows all around the league and earned him a spot on the AFC’s Pro Bowl team. Brady continued his strong performance in the playoffs where he helped New England defeat the heavily favored Rams 20-17 to win Super Bowl XXXVI. He was later rewarded for his stellar, mistake-free play by being named the game’s MVP.  
the patriots miss the playoffs
Big things were expected of the Patriots in 2002 but the defending champs failed to live up to the hype as they limped to a 9-7 record. Part of the problem was Tom Brady’s gimpy shoulder, which limited the third year pro to a career high 14 interceptions and an abysmal 85.7 passer rating.
tom brady and the pats win super bowl xXXVIII
Tom Brady and the Patriots bounced back nicely in 2003 with a season for the ages. Free from shoulder pain for the first time in nearly 12 months, he threw for 3,620 passing yards and 23 touchdowns while guiding the Pats to an exceptional 14-2 record in the regular season. Brady continued to deliver in the playoffs, where he led New England to a gutsy 32-29 victory over the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl XXXVIII. The performance earned him his second Super Bowl MVP in three years.
tom brady and the pats win super bowl again
Tom Brady proved that the best was still yet to come in 2004 as he helped the Patriots rattle off an NFL record 21 consecutive victories dating back to the previous season. New England finished the regular season with another 14-2 record as Brady threw for an eye-popping 3,692 yards and 28 touchdowns, earning him his second Pro Bowl selection. The Pats continued to steamroll over the competition throughout the postseason en route to winning their third Super Bowl championship in four years with a breezy 24-21 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles.
tom brady is named sportsman of the year
The Patriots’ dynasty came to a screeching halt in 2005 as New England compiled a mediocre 10-6 record and were eliminated in the playoffs by the Denver Broncos. Although fans may have been disappointed by the team’s finish they surely had to be impressed with Tom Brady’s performance as he finished first in the league with 4,110 passing yards and third with 26 touchdowns while earning his third Pro Bowl selection. Brady also followed in the footsteps of his idol Joe Montana by becoming Sports Illustrated’s 2005 Sportsman of the Year.
tom brady and the pats reach the aFC championship game
The Patriots had another typically solid season in 2006, posting a 12-4 record in the regular season before losing to the Indianapolis Colts in the AFC Championship game. Much of the team’s success was again due to Brady, who threw for 3,529 yards and 24 touchdowns and provided the Pats with some of their biggest plays of the season.
tom brady is named the nFL’s mVP
Tom Brady shook off the disappointment of 2006’s early playoff exit by turning in one of the most dominant seasons in NFL history in 2007. United for the first time with All-Pro receiver Randy Moss, Brady proceeded to set league records for most touchdown passes in a season (50), highest touchdown-interception differential (+42), most games with three or more touchdown passes (12), most touchdown passes in a month (20), and highest completion percentage in a game (92.9 percent). Brady's dominance easily earned him his fourth Pro Bowl selection and his first NFL MVP award. It also earned the Pats plenty of easy victories as New England raced off to the first 16-0 record in NFL history before ultimately falling to the New York Giants 17-14 in Super Bowl XLII.
tom brady suffers a season-ending injury
Tom Brady’s quest for a fourth Super Bowl title was cut short in 2008 when he tore his anterior cruciate ligament and his medial collateral ligament in the first quarter of the Patriots’ season opener. He spent the remainder of the year in rehab in an attempt to make a full recovery the following season.
tom brady is named the nFL’s comeback player of the year
Tom Brady’s hard work paid off in 2009 as he threw for 4,398 yards and 28 touchdowns en route to earning the 2009 NFL Comeback Player of the Year award and his fifth All Pro selection. Unfortunately, his spectacular return to form wasn’t enough to spark the Pats as New England was eliminated from the first round of the playoffs after posting a 10-6 regular season record. The Patriots did better in 2010-11, finishing with14–2 record but lost to the New York Jets in the playoffs.
tom brady in 2011
Tom Brady passed for 517 yards, the fifth-most in NFL history and scored four touchdowns when the New England Patriots opened their season with a 38-24 win over the Miami Dolphins.
Tom Brady At Super Bowl XLVI
Tom Brady and the Patriots faced off against Eli Manning and the New York Giants on February 5th in Indianapolis. In a rematch of their 2008 showdown, Brady showed flashes of brilliance and at one point threw 16 straight completions, a Super Bowl record. His efforts fell short, however, when he threw a frantic fourth quarter interception. The favored Patriots were once again bested by the Manning-led Giants, who won by a score of 21-17.
