Zoom
More
INDIANAPOLIS -- New England quarterback Tom Brady broke the Super Bowl record for consecutive completions Sunday, throwing 16 straight in the Patriots' 21-17 loss to the New York Giants.
The previous record, 13 straight, was set by Brady's boyhood idol, San Francisco quarterback Joe Montana, in the 1990 Super Bowl.
Brady's 16th straight completion was a 12-yard touchdown pass to Aaron Hernandez on the opening drive of the second half. That gave New England a 17-9 lead with 11:20 left in the third quarter. Brady threw an incomplete pass with 6:12 to go in the third, ending the streak.
The 16 straight completions also tied Brady's team record for the postseason.
Brady broke Montana's record of 13 on a 5-yard completion to Wes Welker on the fourth play of the 79-yard drive. On the final drive of the first half, Brady completed all 10 passes for 98 yards, capped by a 4-yard scoring throw to Danny Woodhead, giving the Patriots a 10-9 lead.
Safety first? Brady's passing game got off to an inauspicious start when he was called for intentional grounding in the end zone on his first play of the game, resulting in a safety. After a New York punt, the Patriots started their first possession of the game on the 6-yard line. Brady dropped back to pass, New York defensive end Justin Tuck applied pressure, and Brady threw the ball away downfield while standing in the pocket in his own end zone. No Patriot was anywhere near the pass. The resulting penalty and safety gave the Giants a 2-0 lead.
Only one other time in Super Bowl history did the game's first score come on a safety -- in 1975, when the Steelers beat the Vikings.
• Related: More Freep.com Super Bowl coverage | Super Bowl coverage, galleries, special features from USA Today/Indianapolis Star
Mournful: A season that began with heartbreak for Patriots owner Robert Kraft ended with another loss.
The team made no secret of wanting to win the big game for Kraft, whose beloved wife, Myra, died of cancer shortly before the season began. His grief is still so deep just the mention of her name brings tears to his eyes, and the Patriots have honored him -- and her -- by wearing patches with her "MHK" initials above their hearts. Brady even tapped his patch twice and pointed skyward after throwing his second touchdown pass. But there was no help from above when Brady's last chance pass flew half the length of the field and fell to ground in the end zone as time ran out.
Proud Papa: Archie Manning got to see his son Eli win his second Super Bowl, this time in the city where his son Peyton made his career.
Eli Manning was chosen MVP of the big game after he led the Giants on a last-minute touchdown drive that beat the Patriots for the title for the second time in four years.
Archie Manning said after the game that "it's special" to see Eli win a title in the stadium where his other son has excelled.
NEW JERSEY 2014: It's still two years away, but there should be optimism that a cold-weather Super Bowl in northern New Jersey in 2014 won't be a frigid one -- at least based on the past two years.
The weather at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J., on Sunday was perfect for a Super Bowl: sunny, with temperatures around 40 degrees and almost no wind.
The weather was even better last year. It was sunny, with a high of 46 and winds out of the northwest at 10 to 15 m.p.h. -- and that happened during one of the worst winters in the New York metropolitan area.
No hard feelings: No Super Bowl for Tiquan Underwood.
The seldom-used wide receiver was cut by the Patriots on the eve of Sunday's game to make room for defensive end Alex Silvestro, who was signed from the practice squad. Underwood handled his release well.
"Im Fine, This Will Only Make Me Stronger," the 24-year-old said on his Twitter feed. "Tough Times Never Last But Tough Ppl Do."
And in an earlier tweet: "This Is Nothing But MOTIVATION...."
