Dec 27, 2011 12:32 AM
Why can’t Tebowites forget about Tebow for one moment and congratulate Drew Brees.
Obviously, it is un-Christian like of you, “duanethomas” to be so selfish.  Celebrate the accomplishment of others.
Last I checked..Tebow is the only QB in the NFL with a completion percentage of less than 50%…..
Dec 27, 2011 12:35 AM
so who presents Brees in Canton, Sean Peyton or AJ Smith?
Dec 27, 2011 12:36 AM
Bree’s record ruined my fantasy haha. I hope your happy drew…
Dec 27, 2011 12:39 AM
I would love for Brady to pass him next week.
miamidolphins1 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:39 AM
realitypolice says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:31 AM
miamidolphins1 says:
brees is good, hes no marino.
========================
You’re right.
Brees won a Super Bowl.
really? brees won a superbowl, or his team did? i didnt know winning a superbowl is an individual thing. obviously brees had a big part in the superbowl run, but just like every team who wins a superbowl, its not just one player, its a team.
if you watched marino play, and now watch brees play, and you are telling me you would rather have drew brees qb your team than dan marino, well i dont know what to tell you.
freewayjim says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:41 AM
Not impressed. Brees has played 10 games in domes so far this season with one more to go next week. Marino played all 16 games outdoors in ’84. How hard is it to throw every week when you don’t have to consider wind or the elements? This new “record” should have an asterisk next to it.
——————————————————–
Get your facts straight!
Marino played indoors in Indy in December and did not play in  a bad weather game all year.
Also, yes the rules have been tweaked to favor the offense since 1984 but today’s players are bigger, faster, stronger and more specialized so I say it’s a wash. Brees’ yards are just as legit as Marino’s.
miamidolphins1 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:43 AM
realitypolice says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:29 AM
khuxford says:
Dec 26, 2011 11:50 PM
There should really be an asterisk on these records, not because of doping, but the rule changes that make it so much easier for passing attacks now than it used to be.
=============================
Everyone needs to stop it with this stupid argument.
ESPN showed a great graphic tonight that showed that the differential between Brees’ yards per game versus his peers is much higher than Marino’s yards per game versus his peer.
That means that Brees was far more dominant in his era than Marino was in his.
How is brees more dominant in his era than marino was in his? you have countless amount of qbs who will throw for 4000 plus this season, and 2 who will throw for 5000 plus. ya, brees stands out way ahead of his peers in his era.
please, brees is very good, but with the passing rules these days, many many qbs are putting up sick numbers.
madisonave99 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:44 AM
So incredibly happy for Drew Brees. Always a great QB, always a great leader, and most importantly always a great guy. I laugh so hard at the know-it-all’s who called him a bust and said he was “too short” and also claimed that he would never recover from shoulder surgery. Yet another example of the talking heads not having a clue what they’re talking about
ron69 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:44 AM
The asterisk people are talking about should not say doom or rules but Sean Payton beside it.
phaktor333 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:45 AM
Some of you are unbelievable about indoor games and stats. Going by that logic, during Marino’s record breaking season, he threw for 462 yards at Indianapolis; so I take it that this game should be marked with an asterisk as well right? Players like Jeff George, Scott Mitchell and Dave Kreig played a majority of their games indoors…wow look at those eye popping numbers. The name of the game is to stop the opponent; a good defense plays well in any environment or element. The offensive line has to block, the runners have to hold onto the ball and the receivers have to catch it; the same principles apply regardless of location.  By these people’s flawed logic, an asterisk should be put besides that 1976 Steelers defense because they played in the cold and on Astroturf….absolute nonsense.
whatchutalkinabouthillis says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:45 AM
@khuxford I’m confused as to what you mean, because with the rule changes the yardage gained would be penalty yardage not passing yardage. It’s advantageous to the team’s yaradge, not necessarily to the quarterback’s. Give credit where it’s due.
david7590 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:46 AM
All of the bitter Dolphin fans coming out to play/complain.  Brees is worlds better than Marino the turnover machine.
Dec 27, 2011 12:47 AM
@Realitypolice
ESPN must need some new statisticians.
1984
Dan Marino 317.5 yards per game
Neil Lomax 288 yards per game
Phil Simms 253 yards per game.
Only 3 guys with over 4000 yards
2011
Drew Brees 339 yards per game
Tom Brady 326 yards per game
Aaron Rodgers 309 yards per game
6 guys already over 4000 yards and 4 more could get there next weekend.
Dec 27, 2011 12:48 AM
Brees has won a Super Bowl and broke the record…….enough said.
Dec 27, 2011 12:50 AM
“I can’t wait until Tebow develops and gets this record.”
Hah. The closest he will ever get to that record is by looking it up in the record book.
Dec 27, 2011 12:54 AM
duanethomas says: Dec 26, 2011 11:55 PM
I can’t wait until Tebow develops and gets this record. He is going to have every passing record by the time he finishes. They said he wouldn’t play college football, they said he wouldn’t get drafted. Tebow is a God blessed once in a lifetime talent. If you thumbs down you are anti-Christian and UnAmerican.
———————————
comatrip1 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:54 AM
There’s a real possibility that, by the 3rd quarter of the 1:00 games next week, Brady could break the record, Brees could then re-break the record, Brady could then re-break the record, then Brees, then Brady, etc….  Seriously, all Brady has to do is throw 190 more first half yards than Brees and then its a big cluster-F for the record.  This record might be broken like 7 times in the last game of the season.  How crazy would that be?
purp4lyfe says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:59 AM
Congratulations Drew Brees.
Dec 27, 2011 1:07 AM
Somebody is on Brady’s knutz. Congrats Drew Brees
dachozen1 says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:08 AM
We all can agree Brees appears to be a great guy.  If you are speaking from a historic perspective, I dont think you can put this in the same context as Marino’s previous record.  This is a new day and passing is a lot easier.  Anyone arguing that is just not being realistic or too new to the sport to have reference of the significant changes.  Marino would love today’s NFL.  It’s said he was born in a tougher era where you can bump receiver all the way down field and qbs werent as protected.  He’d have a Super Bowl in this era and probably wouldve thrown for 6000 yds.  Ok have at it about my post but you’re only ignoring the truth.
Dec 27, 2011 1:09 AM
Drew Brees is awesome.
But hey, does this remind anyone else of the McGuire/Sosa home run race in 1998? Two guys broke the single-season home run record (that will probably happen this year with the passing yards mark). One guy – Griffey, Jr. – was close but didn’t keep up (perhaps like Rodgers this year).
And then later, we learned it was no better than pro wrestling because the major players were doped up.
Okay, so Brady, Brees, and Rodgers are almost certainly not doped up. But someone mentioned the rules changes that favor offense. An asterick? No, probably not necessary.
But one thing’s for sure: Rodgers and Brees are bad ass mofos, whereas Brady and Marino kind of strike me as douche faces.
Hmmm…McGuire and Sosa are sort of douche faces, and Griffey’s a bad ass mofo.
Let’s see, Lincoln’s assassin shot him in a theater and ran to a warehouse, and Kennedy’s assassin shot him from a warehouse and ran to a theater.
Hey, you know something that’s always bugged me? MLB rules say that a base coach cannot physically aid a baserunner. But when McGuire hit his 62nd home run that year, he literally jumped over first base because he was celebrating the moment. The Cardinals’ first base coach grabbed McGuire and led him back to the base. What the hell, man.
louisianafootballfan says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:14 AM
What is wrong with some of you people. The man just made history, and all you can do is post ridiculous comments about how Drew Brees is not that good. If this record is so easy to break, why did it take 27 years to do so?  Drew Brees is an immensely classy guy who accomplished something amazing. Green is not a good color on any of you.
buffaloniner says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:14 AM
Amazing player, even if it did take him quite a few more passing attempts than Marino to get there, the record is still well deserved. The thing is, I would be happier about this if Brees hadn’t shown his true colors before the season by being at the forefront of the lawsuit to sue the NFL just to line his already multi-million dollar pockets. When you average about $20 million a year (maybe more with endorsements deals and what not) and you start suing people for more money it doesn’t make you look very good. Just saying, this may be one of the reasons a lot of people don’t really consider him a “class-act”. I used to be a fan of his though. Congrats nonetheless.
ilovefoolsball says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:16 AM
For all of you morons talking about an asterisk
just shut up
Dec 27, 2011 1:30 AM
khuxford says:
Dec 26, 2011 11:50 PM
There should really be an asterisk on these records, not because of doping, but the rule changes that make it so much easier for passing attacks now than it used to be.
==========
You’re right. However, it was easier to stack defenses due to the non-existant salary cap – no way Brees would have done this against the Niner defenses in the NFC West of that era – then again, lets just give him congrats. Why even mention Tom Brady “not being far behind” ?
Whats that about – give the guy and the organization the just respect – they were a door mat for decades.
Dec 27, 2011 1:33 AM
vickspuppy says:
Dec 26, 2011 11:54 PM
Not impressed. Brees has played 10 games in domes so far this season with one more to go next week. Marino played all 16 games outdoors in ’84. How hard is it to throw every week when you don’t have to consider wind or the elements? This new “record” should have an asterisk next to it.
=======
I agree. but in Marino’s Super Bowl chance vs. the 49ers, all I heard “If you hit me like that again, you’ll break my leg”
Lets see him do it in the playoffs – I suspect there may be another Seattle surprise upset in the wings. Its amazing what “going upside his head” will do to a QB – just hit him, and he’s as ordinary as any other QB.  I think the Chiefs proved that v. the Packers and so did the Lions the year before.
nowillrepeat says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:39 AM
everyone who has watched football knows brees cant hold marinos jockstrap.
—————————————-
trucker2020 says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:40 AM
I’ll mention Tom Brady because he was also part of the article.Drew Brees is one of the top 3 QB’s in the NFL.Nevertheless, a QB can’t be great without help.Brees has lots of weapons at his disposal with Henderson,Colston,Meachem,Moore,& 2 other WR’s;A nice TE in Graham.The Saints also have an excellent running game that sets up their passing game.At RB they have Sproles,Thomas,Ingram,& Ivory.
Tom Brady is probably having his best year yet.He has to put up 35-40 points a game to make up for that bad defense.He doesn’t have nearly the supporting cast the Saints have for Brees.His main target-Welker-is a slot receiver.Branch is only 5’9″ & is often manhandled by bigger defenders.Ochocinco was signed for 6 million bucks to be a wideout.I don’t think he’s had more than 2 completions in a game yet & he just scored his one & only TD.Brady has had to resort to using his 2 TE’s as WR’s.WithoutBrady, Gronkowski & Hernandez, there  is no way this team is 12-3.
Nevertheless, congrats to Drew.He’s got the record-For now.
Dec 27, 2011 1:44 AM
droopyyydog1 says: Dec 27, 2011 12:21 AM
1. I want to thank Dave Wannstedt for passing on Drew in draft for a nickel corner !! Yeah and you were embarrassed when you resigned as you should have been.
2. Thank you to Nick Saban who thought that his shoulder injury was to big a risk to take. But heh Culpepper was only coming off 3 torn knee ligaments and no Randy Moss. Roll Tide right Nick.
3. To AJ Smith for just being a selfish douche and proving that the stupid mentality of winning with the other guys players can’t happen. Hows you boy Rivers doing AJ ?
Congratulations Drew you proved them all wrong. Maybe someone will look at Kellen Moore a little differently now.
—–
1. Hindsight is a great tool for complainers.
2. Saban wanted Brees, not Culpepper.
3. Rivers is an outstanding QB. He’d probably produce similarly to Brees in that situation because he is also elite.
patsfiend says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:46 AM
Yeah the rules have changed. Yeah, he plays most games in a dome. So what… the guy has been a class act, and has strung together one awesome season after another. Don’t you think Marino himself would have been in there with 3 minutes left in the game throwing the ball, or Brady?… do those guys ever come out of a game?
Congratulations Drew, you’ve earned it. Great player on an inspirational team that helped to lift up a great city of people. Good for you and the Saints. Lord knows the team, the city, and the fans all paid their dues. Give ‘em a break.
whoopteedo says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:53 AM
There were no rule changes in 2008 when Brees  missed Marino’s record by a handful of yards.  He’s worked incredibly hard to reproduce-and-surpass the record within 3 seasons.  And what’s this about Rodgers and Brady breaking Brees’ numbers in their next games? Rodgers and Brady played their 15th games this weekend and they weren’t the 1st to break the record, were they? Quit trying to deny Brees his due — your Green-with-Envy is obvious to everyone. Love you, Brees. You’re a good man, a great comrade and leader and a wonderful father. You deserve the accolades bestowed you. You’re the Best, Man.
jamaltimore says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:59 AM
congrats drew wish the ravens would have picked u in free agency  but  it worked out just fine in the big easy!
caseyanthonymunoz says:
Dec 27, 2011 2:27 AM
Brees is playing 11 of his 16 games in domes this year.
And the rule changes make things so easy in today’s NFL.
There should be an asterisk next to his name.
philrat says:
Dec 27, 2011 2:30 AM
All offensive passing records should get asterisks this year and in the future since most passing defense is now disallowed by rule.
milehighsal says:
Dec 27, 2011 2:36 AM
what matters is how you’re remembered after you’ve hung up the shoulder pads.  It’s early, but my guess is Brady could retire tomorrow and in 20 years he’s still getting more “remember back in 20.. and Brady did…” Then Rodgers, with Brees a distant 3rd.  He’ll be like Steve Young.  Great for a period of time that will put him in the HOF with a ring, but for 10 plus years of top of their game/multiple rings it’s Brady and Rodgers all day, every day.
You can take that to the bank.
unbreakable02215 says:
Dec 27, 2011 3:07 AM
Drew Bree’s is a truly great QB. Same as with comparisons to Manning, it should be noted that Bree’s plays at least half his games in a controlled environment. Where as Brady plays his games in the elements.
megatronownsyou says:
Dec 27, 2011 3:20 AM
Congratulations Legend!!!!!!! I remember watching him at Purdue and he seemed to me to be just slightly above average. He’s come a very long way.
dubblelznhell says:
Dec 27, 2011 3:23 AM
I can’t wait until Tebow develops and gets this record. He is going to have every passing record by the time he finishes. They said he wouldn’t play college football, they said he wouldn’t get drafted. Tebow is a God blessed once in a lifetime talent. If you thumbs down you are anti-Christian and UnAmerican.
_________________________________
Wow. Why don’t you get down on one knee, too?  You’re going to have to pray mighty hard, (to the point your hands melt into each other) because Tebow will NEVER pass for 5000 yards.  Every passing record??? Lmao. Sure. You’re just as inexplicable as the legions who list this guy as a Bronco Savior. Just remember: if that defense didnt get hot when it did, he’s losing the majority of those come backs.  He’s horrible.  2 picks in 15 seconds this past Saturday.  HORRIBLE.
bearsstillsuck says:
Dec 27, 2011 3:25 AM
It doesn’t mean anything. If anything, it goes to show you how great Marino was for having a record like that stand so long in today’s pass happy league.
gimmeabruschi says:
Dec 27, 2011 3:34 AM
Congratulations to Brees. He is in the driver’s seat for the record by season’s end. But it isn’t over until the fat jets’ coach sings.
It would be rather humorous if after all this fanfare Brady passes him in the last game though.
Dec 27, 2011 3:38 AM
Marino will always be the best ever.
Chairman Al says:
Dec 27, 2011 4:42 AM
I just like to remember that San Diego gave up on him for Philip Rivers.
Brees – Super Bowl champion & passing record.
Rivers – Not so much.
tbtrojan says:
Dec 27, 2011 4:55 AM
Playing so many games in a dome + playing what is almost flag football + 2 other QBs suddenly being able to break the previous longstanding benchmark = me not being impressed by this new record.
moronhater16 says:
Dec 27, 2011 5:25 AM
Why 3 posts about the Saints running backs? This article is about Brees yardage record? There should be a limit on how many off topic posts the same guy can post….. Congrats BREES! Discussing the Saints running game is like talking about Steeler cheerleaders…..
Dec 27, 2011 6:01 AM
classygentleman7 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:18 AM
Anyone else notice how Tom Benson just completely interrupted Drew Brees during his postgame speech? Shut the hell up and get outta the way, old man.
============
leave the old guy alone. You know how many winless, ringless years he endured having to dance around with that stupid umbrella?  He, and that entire area suffered a lot – let him interrupt. There wouldnt be a Drew Brees record, had he not signed off on the deal that brought Payton and Brees here.
donny05 says:
Dec 27, 2011 6:02 AM
This is simple, take the eyeball test.  Watch both quarterbacks play.  You will clearly see who is better and who deserves the record.
Dec 27, 2011 6:03 AM
vikingprideforever says:
Dec 26, 2011 11:53 PM
fun to watch that guy play. remember when childress got hired and had no interest in brees as a free agent?
-============
I also remember the Vikes fumbling away a sure trip to a Super Bowl against that same Brees led Saint team – and I remember Beast Mode and a 7-9 playoff team running through and over the Saint d-fence up at Qwest Field.
NO EXCUSES.
Dec 27, 2011 6:09 AM
Dear Whiny Baseball Fans (you know who you are):
There are no asterisks in football.
Signed,
trucker2020 says:
Dec 27, 2011 6:52 AM
Brees has Colston,Moore,Henderson & several other WR’s to throw to & the Saints have a great running game with Sproles,Ingram,Thomas, Ivory.I have them going to the super bowl.
Tom Brady has Welker who is a slot receiver & Branch, who at 5’9″ takes a beating every week.Brady also has Ochocinco-the 6 million $ bust who’s scored ONE TD.New England does not have a good running game.Brady has had to resort to throwing to his 2 TE’s.Also, as everyone knows, the Pats defense sucks
It’s truly amazing that they are 12-3.I have the Ravens Vs N.O. in the SB.
bobdawg602 says:
Dec 27, 2011 7:33 AM
The man breaks a record that stood for 27 years and all you have to say is “He had more attempts” or “he plays in a dome” The fact is Brees is the ONLY guy to throw for 5 G’s TWICE. He is a super bowl champ and MVP and he is a lock for the Hall of Fame.. Congrats to you Mr. Brees and to Marino….. Laces out Dan!
bojack34 says:
Dec 27, 2011 7:51 AM
Brees has put together a special season, but I do agree with some of the pro-Marino sentiment.
Consider the following:
* Yes the illegal contact rules were debuted in 1978.  However, they have been re-focused recently and I don’t think there is any question the NFL has tried (and succeeded) in creating a very pass and point friendly environment.
* The ‘defenseless receiver’ rule – there are some absolutely preposterous flags now for hits which would have been celebrated not even 5 years ago.  Receivers need not fear going over the middle anymore.
* The increased focus on quarterback safety.  Quarterbacks don’t get hit with the frequency or ferocity they have in the past.
The above points along with the fact that Marino did it in less attempts and in non-dome conditions in my mind makes Marino’s mark more impressive.
jimmymcnultysbottleofjameson says:
Dec 27, 2011 8:05 AM
Congrats Drew!  Stand up guy and I LOVE the fact he beat Marino’s pompous behind, taste it DAN!  After all his suffering in SD I never knew his career would take the turn it did.  Good for him.
wiley16350 says:
Dec 27, 2011 8:14 AM
You people that don’t believe rule changes, the style of offenses and the way defenses play have no effect on Drew Brees holding the record need to take a deeper look at the stats.  Completion % and QB ratings have all increased over the past few years.  In Marino’s era, only Montana, Young and Jim Kelly where completing over 60% year in and year out.  Which they were because they threw the ball much like todays offenses. With short passes that came on first and second down when its the easiest to get completetions.  Marino retired as the 3rd highest rated QB with an 86+ rating.  Only Montana and Young rated higher, because they played in offenses similar to today.  Now days an 86 rating is not considered good enough.  Because of the rediculous high completion % of todays players. Which is because of many factors.  Like the fact more teams are running a west coast type offense with a high number of screen passes.  More teams have tightends with the speed and athletic ability to create huge mismatches.  Then you have the majority of defenses playing zone and allowing short completions so they don’t give up big plays.  There is also the fact that Brees, Brady, Manning and the like are all passing more often on 1st and 2nd down early in the game, which thats when its easier. Marino retired as the 3rd best in QB rating and is now 17th.  Montana was 2nd and is now 9th.  Heck Tony Romo is tied with Young as the 2nd best.  If that isn’t evidence that it is easier to pass today then it was in Marino’s time, you must be a fool.
wideright91 says:
Dec 27, 2011 8:24 AM
As a Bills fan, there is nothing I’d rather see than preventing Brady from getting his yards.
bjs79 says:
Dec 27, 2011 8:26 AM
It “only” took him 78 more completions to break the record playing in 10 dome games. Marino averaged over 9 yards per attempt in ’84.  Brees is a little over 8 yards this year.  Marino’s record would be untouchable if he threw as much as Brees did this year with his YPA… A good quarterback he is, Dan Marino he will never be…
crindal3000 says:
Dec 27, 2011 8:38 AM
I’m sure it’s been said but if these rules were in effect when Marino played the record would be closer to 7000 yards. But still kudos to brees
promickey says:
Dec 27, 2011 8:58 AM
The record should have an asterisk due to the rule changes, no contact within the first five yards etc…….the rule changes have the effect of bringing in the fences to make home runs easier.
I’m sure Dan Marino would have had greater numbers under similar rules that Brees, Rogers and Brady are playing with.
maddogwhite says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:04 AM
6 guys already over 4000 yards and 4 more could get there next weekend.
——————————
Sorta puts Cam Newton’s rookie passing record into perspective, doesn’t it?
And something tells me Drew Brees’ record isn’t going to hold up for 27years like Marino’s.
8man says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:05 AM
I think everyone here could make arguments for either Brees, Brady or Rodgers to be the MVP.
They have all been magnificent this season.  My sense of it is, Brady doesn’t win it because he won it last year and isn’t head-and-sholders above anyone else.  So I think it’s between Rodgers and Brees.  And Rodgers YPA and his QB rating are simply astounding!
jerruhjones21 says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:12 AM
miamidolphins1 says:Dec 27, 2011 12:39 AM
if you watched marino play, and now watch brees play, and you are telling me you would rather have drew brees qb your team than dan marino, well i dont know what to tell you.
————————-
I’ll take “Disgruntled Homers” for $500 Alex…
And I’d take Brees every day of the week and twice Sundays over Marino…You see the funny thing is that I want the guy who wins the SB not loses it and throws more interceptions that TD’s…
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:20 AM
Wow, lot’s of idiot haters on this article today along with the numbnuts who thinks Brady is going to now break the new record that Brees is going to establish next week.
Dan Marino had his opportunities and the mark he set has just been rubbed out, so get over it already.  Marino was very good, just not as good as Brees so don’t get your panties in a knot over it.
This puts Brees in a solid lead for MVP this season with Cam Newton & Rodgers a close 2nd & 3rd.
It’s going to be extra schweeeeeeeeeeet when Brees and the Saints knock the Packers out of the playoffs if they get that far.
corvusrex96 says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:23 AM
It is a great record and there is no asterisk needed, just as there was no asterisk for Marino who benifited from passing rule changes and the fact that the league expanded the season from 14 to 16 games in 1978 (5 years before he came into the league).
One can never say what Baltimore great Unitas could have done with a 16 game season and more favorable passing rules.
The point is the game changes and records are broken and no amount of whining will erase Brees’ great season nor will a a change in the record book diminish Dan Marino’s either.
The king is dead, long live the king
khuxford says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:29 AM
@whatchutalkinabouthillis: what happens when you set a rule with a penalty? Defensive players have to try to avoid doing what they’ll be penalized for. That means they play softer defense. Like others have said, there’s no Ronnie Lott style punishing hits over the middle these days.
rajuncajun28 says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:29 AM
If grandma had balls, she’d be grandpa….all of this meaningless chatter about Brees vs Marino..he broke the record….fact…Sorry wittle fin phans….
Packies fans: keep the MVP trophy, we got da Lombardi dis year, loosahs…and, your little boring Midwest nowhere city is still pathetic…
Happy New Year,
comeonnowguys says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:38 AM
A remarkable record and once-in-a-generation moment, but almost as striking are how Saints fans really dislike facts and context.
jackfactor says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:45 AM
Drew is a class act.
As a life-long Packers fan I appreciate the best player that also have the best character like Bart Starr or Aaron Rodgers.
He broke the record fair and square and anyone griping about it is simply a malcontent or a sour grape eater.
Yes, he plays the majority of his games in  weather controlled domes and the rules have changed – so what.
That is like saying Sampras, Federer and Nadal aren’t as good as Borg and McEnroe because they don’t play in flat shoes with tiny wooden rackets.
Not their fault. Wax nostalgic as we all should, but don’t hate progress and outstanding performance.
Times change – the sport evolves and players get bigger and better with better nutrition, training and equipment.
Marino was prolific and deserves to be remembered as one of the greatest passers of all-time. Just like Drew Brees will in 3o years.
miamidolphins1 says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:49 AM
only saints fans who think drew brees is the greatest qb to ever step field on a football field think he actually is in marinos stratosphere.
And please dont say superbowl ring, etc. yes of course marino would trade anything as he has said to win a superbowl, but you win a superbowl as a team, not an individual. this is not the nba where 1 or 2 dominant players and you can easily streak to the finals and prob win it.
the nfl everything needs to fall in place. you need your wrs to run good routes and make big plays, a running game, a strong ol, a good defense, and obviously good qb play to go along with that. great qb play with nothing else really can only take you so far.
to you saint fans, just to show you how good everyone who knows football thinks of dan marino, considering that sadly qbs are judged based on superbowl wins mainly, and yet he is still considered top 5 or higher but many people just shows how special he was, and that was without a superbowl ring. if brees team had not won a superbowl ever, when he retired he prob would not be considered top 15. he cant sniff marinos jockstrap, or guys like elway, montana, etc.
look, hes a nice player, with todays rules he looks a lot better than he is and that is a fact. you think its a coincidence that with san diego, he was good, but far far far from even close to putting up these astronomical stats? coincidence? i think not.
the fact that a guy like cam newton, and dont get me wrong i think hes very talented and unique, but the fact that a guy like cam newton in his rookie year broke mannings record for passing yds, and hes not even a pure pocket passer, just shows how inflated numbers are these days.
brees, top 3 qb in todays game, but nowhere close to the greats of the 80′s draft classes such as elway, montana, marino, etc.
rip away, i dont care, telling it like it is, and i know saint fans cant see the truth, but i cant do anything about that.
khuxford says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:53 AM
FYI: I’m not a Marino fan. I’m a Jets fan. I don’t like Marino. I don’t have a vested interest in either QB. I was happy to see Brees win the Super Bowl and I’m happy for him setting a record. But they always say that comparing statistics across eras is nearly impossible anyway; the rules changes just underscore that problem here.
comeonnowguys says:
Dec 27, 2011 9:58 AM
“Packies fans: keep the MVP trophy, we got da Lombardi dis year, loosahs…and, your little boring Midwest nowhere city is still pathetic…”
Yup. Staggering lack of context.
khuxford says:
Dec 27, 2011 10:15 AM
@corvusrex96: But there’s already an asterisk present basically for records set with 14 games versus 16. That change stands out for everyone. What won’t stand out as well for following years is rule changes made that don’t jump out from looking at the schedule.
Derty Ernie says:
Dec 27, 2011 10:42 AM
Rogers MVP vote isn’t so solid anymore and maybe shouldn’t be. He won’t be a run away that’s for sure.
A lot of writers look at records and Rogers broke a lot of Pack records but not a lot of the big records except the QB rating. He doesn’t have 50 touchdowns and won’t pass Marino so whats so great about his year? 14-1 that’s a team thing.
MVP is the most valuable player to his team.
To me the MVP has to solidly go to Cam Newton. With the year he had as a rookie and the team he inherited, he is clearly the MVP and I don’t even care for the guy personally and I like Rogers a lot.
Derty Ernie says:
Dec 27, 2011 10:46 AM
No different that a Barry Bonds getting juiced up to beat hank Aaron and Babe Ruth. Should be an asterisk by his name and a middle finger.
30 days house arrest? Are you kidding me.
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 27, 2011 10:46 AM
Marino was a very good QB, no doubt, but the truly great QB’s are judged by leading their team to a Super Bowl win.
Marino is probably a top 12 QB, behind Brady, Brees, Unitas, Favre, Montana, Elway, Manning,  Bradshaw, Young, Tarkenton, Aikman or Graham.
I really like the dope who actually commented ” if brees team had not won a superbowl…”; well he did win Super Bowl as well as the MVP and Marino, well no he wasn’t good enough to get into that upper echelon of great QB’s.
Marino is a very nice guy, but he needed 16 games to set the record, so he got that extra benefit from that and some soft rules at the time.
Dec 27, 2011 10:53 AM
stevemo says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:44 AM
droopyyydog1 says: Dec 27, 2011 12:21 AM
1. I want to thank Dave Wannstedt for passing on Drew in draft for a nickel corner !! Yeah and you were embarrassed when you resigned as you should have been.
2. Thank you to Nick Saban who thought that his shoulder injury was to big a risk to take. But heh Culpepper was only coming off 3 torn knee ligaments and no Randy Moss. Roll Tide right Nick.
3. To AJ Smith for just being a selfish douche and proving that the stupid mentality of winning with the other guys players can’t happen. Hows you boy Rivers doing AJ ?
Congratulations Drew you proved them all wrong. Maybe someone will look at Kellen Moore a little differently now.
—–
1. Hindsight is a great tool for complainers.
2. Saban wanted Brees, not Culpepper.
3. Rivers is an outstanding QB. He’d probably produce similarly to Brees in that situation because he is also elite.
___________
1. It isn’t hindsight when its the truth. The Fins still haven’t found a QB since that 2001 draft or since Marino retired in 99. Wannstedt blew it and Fins are still paying for it.
2. Get your facts straight it was the other way around. Brees wanted to go to Miami but Saban low balled the offer because he had concerns about the shoulder. Had he paid what the Saints paid we’d finally have the QB we sorely have needed.
3. Yup Rivers sure is elite just like the other regular season legend Tony Romo. Eli Manning won a Super Bowl with a team less talented than the Chargers of 2006 and Ben Rothlisberger has won 2 and played in 3. Yup he sure is elite alright, thats why there missing the playoffs.
Dec 27, 2011 11:01 AM
Thank you PFT for confirming that Brady is 190 yards BEHIND Brees.
wiley16350 says:
Dec 27, 2011 11:02 AM
I’ll take “Disgruntled Homers” for $500 Alex…
And I’d take Brees every day of the week and twice Sundays over Marino…You see the funny thing is that I want the guy who wins the SB not loses it and throws more interceptions that TD’s…
I’m not sure what you mean by Marino throwing more INT’s than TD’s.  Seems how Marino threw 420 TD passes and only 252 INT’s.  Unless you are just referencing the Superbowl Marino played in.  But if you actually saw the game you would know that the INT’s Marino threw in that game came after the game was already out of hand. The first one was a great INT by the CB and the last one was a last ditch effort in the end zone.  The Dolphins didn’t lose that superbowl because of Marino, they lost it because they were overmatched by a much better team.  The Dolphins defense gave up over 30 first downs and 500 yards to the 49ers.  The Dolphins averaged 2.8 yards per run compared to the 49ers 5.3.  The only thing they did at all effectively was pass the ball and they couldn’t do that as well as usual because the 49ers were good enough to get pressure with the front 4 and cover with 8 especially since the defense let the game get out of hand so quickly by not stopping the 49ers at all and the 49ers didn’t have to worry about stopping the run.
If you compare Brees current season to Marino’s 84, it is obvious that Marino’s was more impressive.  That doesn’t mean Brees isn’t good or that he doesn’t deserve recognition for his accomplishment.  But Brees has beaten Marino by 3 yards despite throwing and completeting more passes.  Marino averaged 9 yards per attempt compared to Bree’s 8.2.  Marino averaged 14 yards cards per completion compared to Bree’s 11.5.  Marino threw 7 more TD’s despite 58 LESS attempts.  Marino had a better QB rating in a season when only 4 QB’s had a rating above 90 and only Marino and Montana had 100+ ratings.  Not to mention that only 3 QB’s had over 4,000 yards with Marino the only one over 5,000.  Compare that to this season when there are 4 QB’s over a 100+ rating and 10 over 90.  Include that with 7 QB’s currently over 4,000 and another 3 within 150 yards with a game to go.  And 2 (possibly 3 if Eli has a great day) within striking distance of 5,000.  The only things Brees has an edge in is comp % (useless stat) and has thrown less int’s (great stat).  In fact, the fact that Marino had a better QB rating despite a lower comp % and higher int% speaks volume to how much more impressive his yardage record was.  Marino was throwing darts to receivers 15-20 yards downfield running ins, outs and curls.  you just don’t see those types of passes run as much anymore.  And defenders played man coverage more back then so you had to fit the ball into tight spots where now days you have to find the open zone, sometimes they are tight zones but most of the time they are easy completions.  It is a different game today then it was back then.  And it was different when Sammy Baugh was playing compared to when Marino was playing.  But the difference is…..Marino smashed the records when he did it and no one else within his era did what he did.  Where many QB’s are putting up the same types of numbers Brees is doing in his era.  It’s just not the same or as impressive as what Marino did, but that shouldn’t take away from the fact that Brees did it.  It is still an accomplishment, because he is still doing something better than what his current peers are doing.  Although, it is possible that Brady surpasses him and Brees loses his record much quicker than Marino did.
Dec 27, 2011 11:06 AM
I’ll take “Disgruntled Homers” for $500 Alex…
And I’d take Brees every day of the week and twice Sundays over Marino…You see the funny thing is that I want the guy who wins the SB not loses it and throws more interceptions that TD’s…
The last time I checked, teams win Super Bowls, no the individual players…
dmarek says:
Dec 27, 2011 11:25 AM
I distinctly recall a rotoworld post on Drew Brees shortly after Rivers was drafted commenting that Brees “has no future in this league”.  The post history doesn’t go back that far, so it has been archived, or if they are smart, deleted.
dmarek says:
Dec 27, 2011 11:38 AM
Memory Lane:  [i]Chargers QB Drew Brees says he is ready to fight to keep his job as the Chargers starter.
He may be fighting for a backup job with another team if San Diego choose Eli Manning in the draft. Re-signing Doug Flutie doesn’t bode well for Brees long-term.
[/i] from rotoworld.
allascowboys says:
Dec 27, 2011 11:52 AM
So many haters on PFT. Stop your complaining about “Oh it doesn’t count, the rules have changed so much.” blah blah blah. Brees has done something no other QB has done in what, 27 years? To take away the credibility of what he just accomplished is absurd.
Hell, I guess Usain Bolt should not get credit for his World Record because people can run faster these days. And Ray Allen’s 3-point record doesn’t count because he attempted more 3-pointers than Reggie Miller.
portnoychunk says:
Dec 27, 2011 11:52 AM
I’m a Pats fan, so Brady is my favorite QB due to hometown bias.  However, those saying Brees’ accomplishment isn’t as impressive because of rule changes and playing in a dome: give it a rest.  A player can’t control where/when he plays the game.  Manning, Brees, etc. would still be among the best regardless of where they played, indoors or outdoors.  Some people just want to be miserable.  Brees is a great QB – he deserves the record and deserves loads of credit for what he has achieved.  Applaud the man, don’t tear him down because he’s not on your favorite team.
trucker2020 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:00 PM
Vuckspuppy-Dan Marino played his entire career in Miami.Saying Marino had to play outdoors “In the elements’ & Brees didn’t is foolish.The “Elements” are up north in chicago, GB,NE etc.
khuxford says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:11 PM
@trucker2020: Yes, because wind and rain certainly never happen in Miami. NEVER.
txraiderfan says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:18 PM
I’d take Marino over Brees in a heartbeat.  I’d take either of them over Brady too.
Look for Bill B to call for 75 passes this week, and I hope 5 of their starters go down with 2 minutes left to go in the 4th.  Of course, he play them even when they’re up by 20 points in a meaningless game.  About time for it to backfire?
miamidolphins1 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:23 PM
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 27, 2011 10:46 AM
I really like the dope who actually commented ” if brees team had not won a superbowl…”; well he did win Super Bowl as well as the MVP and Marino, well no he wasn’t good enough to get into that upper echelon of great QB’s.
i guess that ”dope” you are reffering to is myself. well, ill say it again. drew brees was the qb of the saints when they won the superbowl, one of many contributors to that superbowl run, it wasnt just drew brees. that was my point.
its nice that drew brees team won a superbowl, but so did jeff hostetlers, trent dilfers, brad johnsons, eli mannings, mark rypien, phill simms, i can go on and on, and all of the qbs i just listed and many others are still not better than dan marino.
dan marino never had the benefit of a top 5 defense or run game. never. it was dan marino and a bunch of other people. im not going to say he played with scrubs, but how many of his guys are in the hall of fame today?
it takes a team to win a superbowl, not 1 player, this isnt the nba. you think its a coincidence that john elway didnt win his 2 superbowls until his final 2 years in the nfl, or do you think maybe its because he had a great run game to go along with him, and finally got him over the hump? john elway would have been great whether or not he had won, but you need help.
brett favre only won 1 superbowl, coincidentally that year he had a top 10 run game and top 10 defense?  coincidence?
tom brady, as great as everyone makes him out to be, what superbowls has he won since he has not had a legit defense along side him? hes still a great player, no doubt, but you see, when you do not have a good defense, and no run game, you can only carry your team so far.
and also, your a fool if you think marino isnt even top 10, putting a guy like bradshaw ahead of him, even though bradshaw played with one of the greatest defensive teams of all time, the steel curtain. please, get real.
also, i am not a mathmetician by any means, but i would think that throwing for 5084 yds on 564 attempts, is a lot more impressive than throwing for 5087 yds on 622 attempts . i dont know, it seems like thats simple math 101.  58 more passing attempts, 3 more yds, and im not even going to get into the era, the rules,etc. if you do not think marino is a top 5 qb of all time, your a fool.
breesforpresident says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:25 PM
OMG this forum seems like it was written by a bunch of school girls.  Get over yourselves.  If the game is so different now than then… .shouldn’t this record have been broken a long time ago?  And if it truly is comparing apples to oranges…. what’s to say Fouts’ record isn’t more valid than Marino’s …. that was a different game also.  Quit telling me…. SHOW ME!!!!  Do something worth talking about.
Dec 27, 2011 12:32 PM
bigredjbird says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:07 AM
Somebody is on Brady’s knutz.
__
trucker2020 says:
Dec 27, 2011 12:33 PM
moronhater-you must hate yourself.Have you ever even watched a game of football?There is a reason running backs are part of this discussion.A good ground game opens up the passing lanes.A good passing game opens holes for running backs.It’s called a balanced attack.You need one to enhance the other.When you’re great at both, you’re called champions.
trucker2020 says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:05 PM
It’s virtually impossible to compare Marino’s era to Brees.Marino played in an era of truly great QB’s.Dan Fouts-SD threw for a ton of yards for years.Joe Montana’s name alone stirs up memories of SF championships.John Elway lead the Broncos to 2 consecutive championships.I find it ironic that Elway is the exact oppisite of Tim Tebow.There were others whose names I can’t recall, but I grew up rooting for Steve Grogan.I thought he was a great qb, but looking back at the others, he was just mediocre.
khuxford-People don’t go to Maine every winter to escape the elements.A few showers & some wind is nothing to a couple feet of snow & below zero temps.
starderup says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:28 PM
There were only 14 games in 1984, so the record still stands. Sorry.
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 27, 2011 2:44 PM
It has occurred to me that if Dan Marino really were as good as all the Miami homers profess him to be, they would not have felt the need to immediately attack Drew Brees.  The fact is Marino had this one record because he had limited talent and in a few years people won’t remember who he was.
Not all Super Bowl winning teams have a balanced attack and certainly not all have a great running game.   The SIMPLE fact is that Dan Marino couldn’t get it done when it really mattered; in the Super Bowl.
I’m not sure why references are made to the NBA and one guy winning it all, when that’s never happened.  The NBA is a team game and even Michael Jordan had Scotty Pippen and others, so that point is baseless.
Marino is definitely not in the top five because those spots are occupied by Brady, Brees,  Montana, Elway, Manning.  In the next group we have Bradshaw, Young, Tarkenton, Aikman, Graham, Favre, Unitas.  I’ll concede that Danny boy could potentially replace Tarkenton in the top 12, but marginally at best.
Ironically, for the homer who wants to talk about passing attempts; that’s one record ‘ol Danny boy owns – most seasons leading league, pass attempts: 5 (1984, 1986, 1988, 1992, 1997).  That doesn’t really say much now does it.
Bottom line here is that Brees OWNS this record and did it in fewer games than Marino; ergo, Brees OWNS Marino.
Dec 27, 2011 2:46 PM
starderup says:
Dec 27, 2011 1:28 PM
There were only 14 games in 1984, so the record still stands. Sorry.
******************************
bloodjunkie76 says:
Dec 27, 2011 4:14 PM
Bottom line here is that Brees OWNS this record and did it in fewer games than Marino; ergo, Brees OWNS Marino.
—————————–
Brees did it in less games is absolutely correct. I think if you want to try and use that against Dan Marino then you should acknowledge that Brees attempted 58 more passes to break it. Since you like the attempts angle then realize that Brees will hold 4 of the top 8 seasons with most pass attempts. All 4 happening in the last 5 years. I’m not surprised that Brees owns this record in particular. Congrats to him on a great season.
Dec 28, 2011 1:38 AM
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 27, 2011 2:44 PM
“Marino is definitely not in the top five because those spots are occupied by Brady, Brees, Montana, Elway, Manning. In the next group we have Bradshaw, Young, Tarkenton, Aikman, Graham, Favre, Unitas. I’ll concede that Danny boy could potentially replace Tarkenton in the top 12, but marginally at best.”
You rank Brees, Elway and Manning over Graham, Favre, and Unitas?  Brees and Manning play in domes for heaven’s sake.  And Elway couldn’t win w/o T.D., Denver’s now illegal cut-blocking scheme, and not to mention an over-the-salary cap illegal roster.
GG Eden says:
Dec 28, 2011 2:00 AM
I’m usually very respectful towards other posters etc, but not on the topic of Dan Marino not being #1 all-time greatest QB. Championships etc not-withstanding, the single most talented player to play his position ever. It’s the same as the Barry Sanders topic. Sanders never won anything, but he was the probably the best. (HB is harder because there WERE so many greats on that elite level).
Thumb me down all you like, I don’t have 5 million characters to fully properly illustrate why.
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 28, 2011 3:19 PM
I’m usually very respectful towards other posters etc, but not on the topic of Dan Marino not being #1 all-time greatest QB. Championships etc not-withstanding, the single most talented player to play his position ever. It’s the same as the Barry Sanders topic. Sanders never won anything, but he was the probably the best. (HB is harder because there WERE so many greats on that elite level).
*************************************
Phew, where does one begin on this nonsense.
Marino was a one dimensional QB; limp back and heave it to Marky Mark.  If he didn’t have those two top shelf receivers, we wouldn’t even be talking about him.  I KNOW of at least five better QB’s than Marino, and perhaps more.  Zero mobility; his quick release bought him a career.  He would last maybe five years in today’s game with his lack of mobility.
As for Sanders, very good, no doubt about that, but he’s a solid third behind Payton & Brown.
miamidolphins1 says:
Dec 28, 2011 9:57 PM
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 28, 2011 3:19 PM
Phew, where does one begin on this nonsense.
Marino was a one dimensional QB; limp back and heave it to Marky Mark. If he didn’t have those two top shelf receivers, we wouldn’t even be talking about him. I KNOW of at least five better QB’s than Marino, and perhaps more. Zero mobility; his quick release bought him a career. He would last maybe five years in today’s game with his lack of mobility.
wow, what a fool. marino would only last 5 years in todays game? ha ha ha, wow. ya, because todays game is so violent, no one would survive. if anything, qbs lifespans in todays game will probably be prolonged due to the fact that they are not allowed to get sneezed on, let alone touched anymore.
dude, keep sucking brees dick, he is not in marinos level. brees is a system qb, he was so average on san diego at best, never even came close to putting up these numbers that he has on the saints, now all the sudden, the rules change in the league, drew brees plays in a perfect system for him, gets to play in a dome basically every game, and now his stats are similar to marino with attempting 60 plus more passes.
no one in their right mind would choose drew brees over dan marino if they were able to choose a qb in their prime. dan marino shreds drew brees in his prime. i am so looking forward to drew brees going to green bay in the cold in jan, he will have a nightmeare day, because he wont be playing in his nice cozy dome.
ill take it your a little kid and have never seen marino play live, because if you watch both qbs, and you honestly think that drew brees plays the position better than dan marino, then you need help.
you talk about marino not being able to play more than 5 years in todays game, that is probably the funniest comment i have read on this site.  you want to talk about a player not being able to last 5 years? lets put drew brees in the 1980′s, the guy is out of the league in probably less than 5 years, and is not remembered by anybody. get real.
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 29, 2011 10:34 AM
Here are the undisputed facts.  Drew Brees has the highest career completion percentage in history of any quarterback with over 3,000 pass attempts. Brees, Peyton Manning and Tom Brady are carving the record book up in unequal thirds, or at least all the parts of the record book that Favre didn’t shred.  Marino isn’t mentioned and will be forgotten.
You are correct on one thing; Brees is not on Marino’s level, we agree.  Brees is beyond any level Marino aspired to.  In their prime, Marino would be Brees backup.  Keep going back to Brees’ first five years in SD, if that makes you fell all warm and fuzzy about Marino.  Marino had a couple of good years in ’84 & ’86, beyond that he was ok.  Brees has more 4,000 yard plus passing seasons with seven fewer seasons played than Marino and they both played in dome like environments.  Miami isn’t exactly Chicago in December.  Brees averages more TD passes per season than Marino.  Brees is more durable than Marino was and that includes suffering the shoulder injury that many suspected would end his career.
Brees has 17 NFL records, Marino has nine with seven fewer seasons.  If anyone with a fifth grade level of NFL knowledge had to pick five QB’s out of Brees, Brady, Manning, Montana, Favre or Marino, then little Danny would be the little kid left sucking his thumb on the playground limping around with a skirt on.
Mediocre Marino isn’t among the top five and would be lucky to be in the top 10; that’s just the facts and they are clear.  Clearly Brees plays the position much better than Marino and the stats prove it with seven fewer seasons.  I think that is what has your panties in a knot.
miamidolphins1 says:
Dec 29, 2011 5:40 PM
fool^
Dec 30, 2011 11:20 AM
Facts!
Dec 30, 2011 1:16 PM
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 30, 2011 11:20 AM
Facts!
the fact is it took brees 58 more passing attempts to get 3 more yds than marino did in his 84 season. that is a fact.
although this isnt a fact, but an opinion that anyone with a brain would agree with is that marino did it in an era where it was a lot harder to accomplish what he did, and it was very rare.
another opinion that many people with a brain would agree on is that marino would be choosen by any gm if they can choose one of the 2 both in their prime.
greenmtnboy31 says:
Dec 30, 2011 2:45 PM
Your foolish opinions are baseless and mean nothing, but if that is what gives you that warm feeling running down your leg, then by all means, hang on to your meaningless opinions and then dry out your panties.
I will stick with the facts that prove clearly that Brees is a better QB than mediocre Marino.
Drew Brees has the highest career completion percentage in history of any quarterback with over 3,000 pass attempts.
FACT: Drew Brees is a more accurate, therefore a better passer than mediocre Marino.
Drew Brees has more 4,000 yard plus passing seasons with seven fewer seasons played than Marino.
FACT: Drew Brees is a better passer and tougher than mediocre Marino.
Brees averages more TD passes per season than Marino.
FACT: Drew Brees is a more productive QB and generates more offense than mediocre Marino.
Drew Brees has 17 NFL records, mediocre Marino only has nine with seven more seasons than Drew Brees.
FACT:  At this pace Drew Brees will have more than three times  as many NFL records than mediocre Marino, but probably well beyond that because he’ll surpass records that mediocre Marino had.
Drew Brees singlehandedly turned around a mediocre franchise in New Orleans.
FACT: Any GM that would pick Marino over Brees would be picking a loser over a Super Bowl winner and MVP.  Those would be GM’s from Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, Detroit or Minnesota.
These are not worthless opinions, these are the FACTS that prove Drew Brees is a better QB than mediocre Marino.
Now get your nose out of mediocre Marino’s butt and get a life; praising a loser is not a life.
Dec 31, 2011 2:20 AM
Greenmtnboy31——-
I think we have found Drew Brees biggest fan….My GOD you need to get REAL BRO!!!!!  Im guessin Marino didnt respond to your love letters , this attack on Marino is just silly, you clearly are Drew Brees’s brother or have a huge crush on him…..COME ON—BREES in the top 5 all time…..Good lord man what have you been smoking, and the calling Marino mediocre///JESUS man I need what your on ……Ive been watching football over 30 years and  seen some QBS have great years and Brees has put together a nice string of them but you need a shrink ..Marino was one of the greatest passers to ever play PERIOD…I hate the dolphins and i can say Marino was  unstoppable at times, Brees is not in his category…Don shula failed at giving Marino the talent to get to a higher level, thus Marino had to carry some lousy teams…I repeat –I hate the Dolphins, but you are seriously insulting yourself by calling Marino mediocre and Brees a legend…GET HELP NOW , Im sure Brees has a wife or woman and doesnt want ya!!!
htimsr40 says:
Jan 1, 2012 1:40 PM
‘Everyone needs to stop it with this stupid argument.  ESPN showed a great graphic tonight that showed that the differential between Brees’ yards per game versus his peers is much higher than Marino’s yards per game versus his peer.
That means that Brees was far more dominant in his era than Marino was in his.”
Agree with the “the everyone needs to stop” … it is never possible to compare different eras.
BUT … Marino averaged 317.8 yards per game, 54.4% above the league team average.  Brees averages 339.1 yards per game, “only” 48.2% above the per team average.  BOTH are amazing seasons … but Marino was slightly more dominant versus the league than Brees is.  Does not matter … Brees owns the record now.
johnnyb216 says:
Jan 2, 2012 8:50 AM
Caleb hanie could have broken this record if he three 650 times in one season like brees.
greenmtnboy31 says:
Jan 2, 2012 9:37 AM
Attack on Marino?  I’m just stating the facts in response to the attacks on Brees and that has someone’s panties all knotted up.
It started with this article and the headline.  The guys sets a new standard and Brady’s butt boy can only talk about how close Tom is.
And then the Marino morons start sounding off.  If Marino really were that good, none of that would have been necessary.
Based on the facts, Brees would be backed up by Marino.
miamidolphins1 says:
Jan 2, 2012 5:00 PM
greenmtnboy31 says: Jan 2, 2012 9:37 AM
Attack on Marino? I’m just stating the facts in response to the attacks on Brees and that has someone’s panties all knotted up.
It started with this article and the headline. The guys sets a new standard and Brady’s butt boy can only talk about how close Tom is.
And then the Marino morons start sounding off. If Marino really were that good, none of that would have been necessary.
Based on the facts, Brees would be backed up by Marino.
what does that mean if marino was so good, that none of this would be neccesary?
the fact that you still believe brees is better than marino is just laughable.
im not even going to mention eras, forget that for now even though anyone who watches football knows the difference.
marino threw for 5084 yds in his 2nd year, on 564 attempts.
brees threw for 5470 yds i believe or something like that on 650 attempts.
what is more impressive? that is not even factoring in the eras they play in.
Jan 3, 2012 7:48 AM
miamidolphins1 wins the argument while greenmtnboy31 is the sore loser.
Drew Brees is a great QB but to deny that the stricter enforcement of Pass interference rules in today’s NFL along with the league going out of their way to protect QBs isn’t helping inflate these passing statistics is just being foolish.
Also denying that Marino was a great QB who is right up there with Brees, Brady, Manning, and Rodgers is just being a biased troll.
People want to bring up that Marino never won a championship, which shows right there how clueless they are about the NFL.
Newsflash, QBs don’t win Superbowls alone, they need to have a good team around them.
Brees had an awesome supporting cast on offense along with a good attacking opportunistic defense when they won the Championship. When Brady won his 3 championships they had some very good defenses. When Manning and the Colts won, Dungy’s Defense  stepped it up big time in the playoffs.
So Greenmttoy and all the other trolls who want to praise Brees but then crap on other QBs like Marino, I think you should go back under your bridges.
greenmtnboy31 says:
Jan 3, 2012 1:53 PM
People seem to be troubled by pure and simple facts.  When the facts don’t support their thinking, then it must be because it’s a “different era”, or someone who “watches football knows the difference” so must be they don’t watch football.
Is the record now yards per attempt?  Um no, it’s not.  Marino is definitely not in the same class as elite QB’s like Brady, Brees, Manning or Montana.
Here’s another fact, Brees just finished the season with 71.2% completion, to break his own record, but it must be the “era” he plays in makes it easier.  Marino could never, EVER throw on the run like the elite QB’s; Marino was  immobile.
Here’s another newsflash, good teams with good or great quarterbacks win Superbowls; regardless of the era.  Good teams without a good quarterback don’t win Superbowls; the 2007 Bears and 1984 Dolphins prove this.
Regardless of what “era” or how much football someone watches, the five best QB’s to ever play the game have won Superbowls.  Marino was good, but he isn’t one of them.
trollingthisbridge says:
Jan 3, 2012 2:23 PM
Greenmtnboy31, you shouldn’t let the facts get in the way of a couple of gay fellers who have a thing for Marino.  They probably reside in the South Beach area of Miami, if you know what I’m saying.
The facts are pretty clear; Marino was good for dropping back and heaving it, which is why he was able to accumulate the yards with fewer attempts, but don’t let the facts get in the way of a good story.
Brees has an all around better game and that’s why he’s a better QB than Marino ever hoped to be.  Marino was more than mediocre, he was good, but he wasn’t great like Brees and the others you’ve mentioned.
That’s all I’m saying, the facts speak for themselves, and Brees.
joethenhre says:
Jan 3, 2012 9:34 PM
Yes Marino was able to throw for more yards on fewer attempts simple due to the fact that he was a better passer than Brees. That is the fact that people seem to want to overlook.
Brees had to throw the ball more times to get as many yards as Marino had, and Brees did it in an Era where the league tweaked the rules to promote more prolific passing with higher scoring games.
Brees is more mobile than Marino was, I’ll give him that, but Marino was also great at avoiding the rush in the pocket which made he one of the least sacked QBs in his day.
People want to use inflated stats to try to make their case but then want to just overlook other facts.
In my Opinion if Brees played in Marino’s Era he would be maybe the 5 or 6th best QB behind Marino, Montana, Elway, Young, and even Jim Kelly.
If Marino was playing today with the protect the QB at all costs rules, and softer pass defense due to stricter enforcement of pass inference rules he would be averaging at least 4500 yards a season.
How many Superbowls has Brady won with the crappy defenses the Patriots have had the last few years? How many Superbowls has Manning won without the Colts defense playing out of their minds in the playoffs?
Why didn’t Brees take the Saints to the Superbowl last year? I mean they scored 36 against the Seahawks, what happened there. I thought a QB could win the Superbowl all on his own.
What happened with Brady in the 2008  Superbowl? He set records that year, they were the highest scoring offense of all time. Brady is so much better that Eli Manning, why didn’t the Patriots win that game?
True it does help having a good QB to get you to the Superbowl but they’re not going to win it all on their own, they need the rest of the players around them to also perform at a high level.
Peyton Manning, had that in ’06/’07, Brees had that in ’09/’10, Brady had that in ’01/’02, ’02/’03, ’04/’05  but when Brady had his best year ever in ’07/’08 he couldn’t get it done, hmm again I ask why? Since the best QBs always win the Superbowl.
Marino when he had his great year (’84/’85) had a good offensive team around him that was able to get to the Superbowl with a below average Defense.
In that Superbowl they faced a team which many Experts consider one of the best if not the best team of all time. The ’84/’85 49ers. Marino ran into a buzz saw which he was not able to overcome.
Same thing with Elway and his 3 trips to the Superbowl in the ’80s where they came up against teams that were just better. Other than the 49ers who had Montana none of the other teams who Elway lost to the had QBs that anyone would consider better than him. The Giants with Phil Sims and the Redskins with Doug Williams.
Not until the Broncos built a solid defense and punishing running game with Terrell Davis did Elway win the big game.
So can we blame Marino for the inability of Coach Shula to hire a top notch Personnel guy to actually draft good players to help Marino? The Dolphins had some good players on Offense around Marino in the ’80s/’90s but never had a complete team. Also Shula’s refusal to get rid of a buffoon parading as a Defensive coordinator name Tom Olivadotti also hurt the Dolphin’s chances of winning anything while Marino was in his prime.
greenmtnboy31 says:
Jan 4, 2012 7:53 AM
Wow, Joe has thrown a lot of garbage and recycled opinions out on the curb for pick up today.
Let me clean up the mess you’ve just made.
The facts prove Brees is a better passer than Marino.  He just broke his own record for completion percentage and he has obliterated the single season record; indisputable.
The garbage about eras and tweaking the rules is hazardous waste and will be left on your curb; baseless gibberish.
Now Marino is one of the least sacked because of his ability to avoid the rush, but not because he had a good O-line.  Ok, keep trying to sell that one to your neighbor, while he can smell the sour grapes.
Instead of deflecting this to being all about defense, try to stay focused on the subject.  Here’s a hint, we’re talking about QB’s.
Peyton Manning won the ’07 Super Bowl against a better team because the Bears had sub par QB who wasn’t on the same level.  It’s like Marino not being at quite the same high level as Brees.
“I thought a QB could win the Superbowl all on his own.” That comment is just plain dumb and doesn’t deserve a response.
At least now you acknowledge Marino had one great year (’84/’85), but it was because they ran into a “buzz saw”, blah, blah, blah.  Clearly the best team to win the Super Bowl and a team that a majority of knowledgeable experts agree is the best of all time was the ’85 Bears.  No team dominated the way the Bears did during that postseason, but that’s another story.
You’re clearly a Dolphins homer and that’s great, but it has warped your thinking and revealed your bias for Danny Marino.  No one is saying he wasn’t pretty good, but clearly the facts prove he was not one of the elite five QB’s to ever play the game.  That elite level is occupied by better QB’s such as Montana, Brady, Brees, Manning, Elway, Favre and the record books, which are dominated by names like Brady, Brees and Manning support the fact that Marino just wasn’t on their level.  It’s not a big deal, just get over it already.
I’m done repeating the facts for you, so enjoy your fantasy world in Miami.
Jan 4, 2012 8:29 PM
Haters gonna hate don’t cha know.
Brees for MVP, just look what Flynn did in one week.
Brees Brady Manning resetting the record books!
Domes, sunny Miami, bigger & faster players today, slower & smaller players then.  It’s as tough playing QB today as it’s ever been.
Haters gonna hate, just saying.
miamidolphins1 says:
Jan 4, 2012 8:30 PM
greenmtnboy31, you really should stop talking. i hope you dont really believe the stuff u say and r just doing so to tick off fins fans. if u do believe what you are saying, god bless u
miamidolphins1 says:
Jan 4, 2012 10:14 PM
workn4daman says:
Jan 4, 2012 8:29 PM
Haters gonna hate don’t cha know.
Brees for MVP, just look what Flynn did in one week.
Brees Brady Manning resetting the record books!
Domes, sunny Miami, bigger & faster players today, slower & smaller players then. It’s as tough playing QB today as it’s ever been.
Haters gonna hate, just saying.
HA HA HA HA. You didnt actually say its as tought playing qb today as its ever been? what the hell are you smoking?
ya, it must be very hard to play qb today when you are not allowed to get touched, sneezed on, looked at the wrong way, your wrs can run free all they want as defenders can not look at them the wrong way, but ya, your right, this is the toughest era to play qb in, lol.
now if you are a defender, i will agree, this is the toughest era to play in by far, as a defender can not do anything these days.
joethenhre says:
Jan 4, 2012 11:59 PM
greenmtnboy31  Sorry buddy you lost non of the nonsense and biased opinions you are polluting this board with matter and aren’t going to change the facts.
The rules have be tweaked to help “protect” the QBs and Receivers. Fact is they force defenses to play softer to try to avoid penalties if they hit a QB or Receiver the wrong way or at the wrong time
Sorry those are facts, whether you like them or not. If you don’t understand this or don’t watch the games enough to see these facts no one here can help you.
The NFL wants higher scoring games with lots of passing because that’s what people want to see. The new rules may be as they claim to protect the players but the end result is what we see. Multiple QBs passing for over 4000 yards, with three this year passing over 5000.
The game has changed due to rule changes more than anything else.
As for the ’84/’85 49ers being one of the best Teams of all time, there is no dispute there. If you want to argue that the Bears were a better team then that’s fine, but if you want to deny that the 49ers that year were one of the best teams in the history of the league, again I can’t help you.
Since obviously anyone who believes that doesn’t really follow the NFL or hasn’t been following i long enough.
Comparing Rex Grossman to Dan Marino doesn’t deserve a response. It just shows your true colors and your bias towards Marino.
Using your little theory there I guess you would say that Doug Williams and Phil Simms were better than John Elway. Eli Manning is better than Tom Brady.  Brad Johnson is better than Rich Gannon, and so on. Since when two teams meet in a Superbowl (using your Colts ’07 Manning vs the Bears and Grossman) the team with the better QB always wins.
So you don’t want to address your own little theory there, but you don’t want to go there because you know it’s a bunch of BS just like everything else you’ve posted on here.
Football is still a team game and sorry buddy but just about every time the best team is going to win ,sometimes even the team with the “inferior” QB..
bodeee1975 says:
Jan 5, 2012 1:10 AM
Hahahaha—– Let me get this straight: some BOZO named *trollingthisbridge *  made a gay comment about people defending Marino….Is he serious? Isnt trolling looking for dudes???? Hey guy its 2012 and its totally cool being gay, what that has to do with defending Marino against just idiotic babble is nonsense….You Saints lovers are just like these religious kooks, ya cant argue with them…GO LOOK ANYWHERE  and youll find DAN MARINO listed by almost anyone in the top 10 QB’s all-time…..Now for the truly stubborn….I have yet to find one with Drew Brees on it,  I think Brees is a damn good QB but as not even a DOLPHIN  fan I still refuse to not give Marino the credit he deserves as one of the best ever!!!!!!!!
bodeee1975 says:
Jan 5, 2012 1:16 AM
Attention Greenmttnboy  or whatever your name is…Listen guy we all get that your a Brees lover, but Bro your seriously a close minded CAT…..Ya need to get real here…your boring us all with your stats about Brees but failing to recognize that prior to Favre , Marino held every major passing record …..Open your mind lil buddy…here we go….I am a die hard Patriot fan…thus its not cooool to praise another teams QB so much, but get real Dan Marino was one of the GREATS and you will never convince folks that watched football in the 80′s and 90′s the he was not an absolutely amazing passer….. I think Tom Brady is Great but MY GOD man I have an open mind and dont know where to rank him on all time greats, it certainly is higher than Drew Brees and if ya argue that than son you are a real fool and I feel sorry for ya!!!
workn4daman says:
Jan 8, 2012 8:40 AM
Ahhh, the girls otherwise know as the Doltphin homer haters are back, but meanwhile Brees set a few new records in his most recent playoff game against a damn good defense.
“Record-shattering Drew Brees threw for 466 yards and three touchdowns, ….Brees hit on 33 of 43 passes while throwing for the most yards in a regulation playoff game…….set an NFL record for yards from scrimmage this season (7,474). ” Yeah sure, Marino is better than that bwaaaahahahahahahaha.
Not since Mike Ditka have we seen quality tight ends like we see in today’s game.  That one handed catch Graham made was incredible with a guy hanging on.  Further evidence that these players are better and Brees is better than Marino was.
miamidolphins1 says:
Jan 8, 2012 11:41 AM
workn4daman says:
Jan 8, 2012 8:40 AM
Ahhh, the girls otherwise know as the Doltphin homer haters are back, but meanwhile Brees set a few new records in his most recent playoff game against a damn good defense.
“Record-shattering Drew Brees threw for 466 yards and three touchdowns, ….Brees hit on 33 of 43 passes while throwing for the most yards in a regulation playoff game…….set an NFL record for yards from scrimmage this season (7,474). ” Yeah sure, Marino is better than that bwaaaahahahahahahaha.
Not since Mike Ditka have we seen quality tight ends like we see in today’s game. That one handed catch Graham made was incredible with a guy hanging on. Further evidence that these players are better and Brees is better than Marino was.
wow, thankfully the refs blew the whistle dead on brees fumble or he would have had a fumble that resulted in a td for the other team, not to mention
the dropped pick 6 by the lions and other dropped int.
brees plays in a dome every game, its not hard to put these numbers up. lets see how he does in the next game which will be in windy candlestick outdoors, and if they get by then frigid lambeau. we will see what the ”great” drew brees is made up of then. will see how spectacular his offense looks when they actually need to play in elements for a change.
workn4daman says:
Jan 9, 2012 8:48 AM
“or he would have” and a bunch of other nonsense in a vain attempt to keep Marino relevent.
Considering Marino never had to play in the elements, this is a very good direct comparison of how much better Brees truly is.
Quick, dream up something else for an excuse.
miamidolphins1 says:
Jan 9, 2012 1:23 PM
workn4daman says:
Jan 9, 2012 8:48 AM
“or he would have” and a bunch of other nonsense in a vain attempt to keep Marino relevent.
Considering Marino never had to play in the elements, this is a very good direct comparison of how much better Brees truly is.
Quick, dream up something else for an excuse.
first of all, just because marino played in miami does not mean he didnt play in elements. you know it rains in miami, their is wind, whether its the slightest or not, their is heat and humidity to contest with. im not saying he played in chicago type conditions his whole career, but their is a major difference between playing all your games inside a perfect dome element free, compared to playing outside. drew brees did play outside in san diego though, a nice weather city, and he stunk for the most part aside from his last year and even then he lost in the playoffs to a mediocre jet team and his stats were nowhere near where they are today. maybe its because the dome and the rule changes inflate his numbers like crazy? if drew brees plays as well as he does in that dome in san fran and then in green bay and comes away with wins, then will talk, until then, your lover brees has not won a road playoff game in his career i believe.
workn4daman says:
Jan 16, 2012 9:07 AM
Well that game on Saturday should prove once and for all just how great Drew Brees is and the fact that it took another QB’s miraculous performance to top his.  Five turnovers, spotting the best defensive team a 17 point lead and Brees still leads them to the very end, gives his team a lead with less than a minute to go and makes a game of what was a blowout in the first quarter.  No team has had five turnovers and still put on an offensive performance like that.
Hail to the King of the Mountain – Drew Brees!!
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to leave a comment. Not a member? Register now!
Search
Featured Video
