Tom Brady biography, Tom Brady photo, Tom Brady picture, Tom Brady bio
Tom Brady
Athletes Home / NFL Home / Sports Channel
More times than not, there probably aren’t many who wouldn’t  want Tom Brady’s life up to this point.
Let’s see: Established career? Check. Super Bowl winner?  Check, times three. Supermodel for a girlfriend? Check, although she’s now got  to put up with Tom being a father of someone else's baby . Young and in the prime of  his life? Check and check.
When Brady was selected 199th overall in the sixth round of  the 2000 NFL Draft by the New England Patriots, not many believed he wouldn’t amount  into even a serviceable backup, never the less a three-time Super Bowl  champion.
Brady holds the NFL record for most consecutive wins in the  post season at 10 and has an overall postseason record of 12-2. Not only did he  win three Super Bowls, but also he was the M.V.P. in two of those games and has  been to four Pro Bowls.
Just think, he wasn’t even supposed to be a starter for the  Patriots. That job was held for Drew Bledsoe until the veteran suffered a  collapsed lung and internal bleeding in a ’01 regular season contest vs. the  Jets. In steps Brady and the rest is history, as the 24-year old, second year  quarterback from Michigan leads New England through the rest of the ‘01 season  and to an eventual title over the St. Louis Rams in Super Bowl XXXVI.
Not to pile it on, but Brady was also one of People  Magazine’s 50 Most Beautiful People in ‘02 and Sports Illustrated’s Sportsman  of the Year in ‘05.
Of course, even with as much success as Brady has had over  his career, there are still critics who say that the young man is just a  “system quarterback”. The term refers to a player who seemingly only has  success in a certain scheme or playbook, but when taken out of that situation, he  would more than likely fail. Whether the label is just or not, the Patriots  would be crazy to let their franchise signal caller escape them. It seems that  the debate will always remain a moot point unless New England strikes gold  again in the sixth round and Brady is let go.
More often than not, these critics are often quieted  by the way Brady leads his team with his cool, collect manner. When it all  comes down to it, Brady is compared more to Joe Montana than a “system  quarterback”.
Career
