Courtesy of ABC
Courtesy of ABC
Tom Brady has taken the New England Patriots to three Super Bowl victories in four seasons. Check out this bio on one of the NFL's top quarterbacks.
Tom Brady - Growing Up
Tom Brady was born on August 3, 1977 in San Mateo, California. He grew up around football , as his parents were huge San Francisco 49ers fans and regularly took him and his sisters to games. Tom began playing organized football in grade nine at the all-boys Catholic school he went to, where he also played baseball . Brady was drafted by the Montreal Expos as a catcher in 1995 but decided to accept a scholarship to the University of Michigan in 1996 to play college football instead.
Tom Brady - College Career
Tom Brady spent more time standing on the sidelines than on the football field during his first two seasons at Michigan, where he was the team's third-string quarterback. Tom worked hard on his game, memorized the team's playbook, and became Michigan's starting quarterback in 1999. In his senior year playing college football , Tom Brady tossed 20 touchdown passes and led Michigan to a victory over Auburn in the Orange Bowl.
Tom Brady - From The Sidelines, To The Super Bowl
After being drafted by the New England Patriots in 2000, Tom Brady spent his first year holding a clipboard and watching from the sidelines. But in 2001, he got his big break. When the Patriot's starting quarterback, Drew Bledsoe, was injured, Brady became the team's starter and took the team all the way to Super Bowl XXXVI . He led the Pats to a victory over the St. Louis Rams and became the youngest player ever to be named Super Bowl MVP. Between October 2003 and October 2004, Tom Brady led the Pats to an NFL-record 21 straight wins, including a second Super Bowl title. With their 24 - 21 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl XXXIX, Tom Brady and the Patriots can now lay claim to being one of the greatest teams in NFL history .
Tom Brady - Did You Know?
Tom Brady  is dating Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bündchen..
Tom Brady's [KWLINK 2956[b]favorite food is onion rings.
Tom Brady went to the same high school, Juniper Serra High, as baseball player, Barry Bonds.
Tom Brady Says...
"I can't tell you how many golf clubs I broke as a 10-year-old. Every time I hit a bad shot, I'd try to break my club. I once busted our TV with a video game . I threw the remote through the screen. Every time I'd lose, I'd just throw a fit. That was me growing up. I guess it's still the same."
Related Stories:
