Share Email Print
View full size Jim Rogash/Getty ImagesNew England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady celebrates after scoring a touchdown in the fourth quarter against the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship Game at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Mass., today.
Star-Ledger reporters Mike Garafolo, Steve Politi and Jorge Castillo preview the Giants vs the Patriots in the Super Bowl Star-Ledger reporters Mike Garafolo, Steve Politi and Jorge Castillo preview the Giants vs the Patriots in the Super Bowl after the the Giants overtime win over the 49ers, 20-17. (Video by William Perlman & Andrew Mills/The Star-Ledger) Watch video
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Their owner was tenderly emotional, their defense was vindicated and their quarterback was, well, self-deprecating.
As the New England Patriots accepted the Lamar Hunt Trophy after their 23-20 win over the Baltimore Ravens today in the AFC Championship Game, Tom Brady was proud of his team. But not of himself.
“I (stunk) pretty bad today,” Brady said on the Gillette Stadium field, “but our defense saved us.”
What he considered a regrettable effort was still enough to advance his team to the Super Bowl for the fifth time in 12 years — together with coach Bill Belichick, a record for a coach-quarterback duo.
Waiting in Indianapolis will be an epic rematch, a repeat of the Super Bowl XLII thriller in which the wild-card Giants knocked off the undefeated Patriots.
As they waited to learn their opponent, the Patriots said they did not care — “be careful what you wish for,” quipped kicker Stephen Gostkowski — but the stage has been set for a dramatic ending.
Brady, for his part, has already made a vow to owner Robert Kraft, who was overcome by a Super Bowl run months after the loss of his beloved wife, Myra.
“He said to me, ‘I promise you I’m going to play a lot better in two weeks,’ ” owner Kraft said afterward. “He’s still pretty good in my book. I’d take him over any quarterback, and I’ve been watching the NFL for a long time.”
Brady, who was 22-of-36 for 239 yards, with no passing touchdowns and two interceptions, did not deliver the same thorough whipping as his six-touchdown feat in the divisional round against the Denver Broncos.
In fact, Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco had fewer turnovers (1), more touchdowns (2) and a better passer rating (95.4) than his respected counterpart.
As is often true in the best contests of this league, the difference between the teams was slight. The Ravens’ decision to go for it on a failed fourth-and-6, instead of trying a 51-yard field goal. The split seconds between receiver Lee Evans grasping Flacco’s pass in the end zone and safety Sterling Moore knocking it away. The margin that Billy Cundiff’s 32-yard field goal attempt , to tie the game with seconds left, missed wide left.
“I think we can just keep things simple,” Cundiff said. “It’s a kick I’ve kicked a thousand times in my career. I just went out there and didn’t convert. ... There’s really no excuse for it.”
The fact that the game came down to the final moments was a testament to the Ravens' defense holding in the red zone and a burst of big plays from their offense. The Patriots scored first, but Baltimore matched their scoring pace. At halftime, New England held a 13-10 lead.
Late in the third quarter, the Ravens took the lead for the first time. Receiver Torrey Smith spun away from Moore and staved off cornerback Devin McCourty as he stretched his right arm across the plane of the end zone for a 29-yard touchdown.
The Patriots’ Danny Woodhead fumbled the ensuing kickoff, and Ravens safety Emanuel Cook — an ex-Jet — recovered at New England’s 28-yard line. The fruits of the turnover were a 39-yard field goal and a 20-16 lead.
Brady, clearly not satisfied with the game’s direction, took matters into his own hands. When their next drive came down to fourth-and-goal from the 1-yard line, Brady dangerously vaulted over the top of the pile, taking a helmet in the back from Ray Lewis. His effort gave his team a 23-20 lead with 11:29 to play.
And then it came down to defense. Patriots linebacker Brandon Spikes intercepted a Flacco pass at what seemed the worst possible time. But on the very next play, Brady gave the ball right back to Baltimore with a fluky interception by rookie Jimmy Smith on a deep shot to the end zone.
The Ravens, and the oft-scrutinized Flacco, executed the two-minute drive smoothly on their final possession. With 27 seconds left, the Ravens had second-and-1 at New England’s 14-yard line. When Flacco threw to Evans in the corner of the end zone, he — and the Ravens bench — thought it was the winning score.
But before Evans could get both feet down with possession, Moore’s right hand swiped the ball free.
“I thought, ‘Man, here goes the season; it’s on me,’ ” Moore said. “I saw him catch it, and tried to do whatever I could to get the ball out. I’m glad it worked.”
Moore, an on and off practice squadder this season, defensed the third-down throw, too. Cundiff missed the short field goal, sending the Patriots are headed to the Super Bowl — with a mission.
“We won’t win a Super Bowl with the performance we put out on the football field today,” receiver Deion Branch said. “I promise you we will not put that type of football on the field the next time we step on the field.”
