I look like a lady
I play real shady
I'm a butt pirate and I say
ARRG MATY!
some think he's a prick
cause he's a bloodthirsty tick
with no class, he makes me sick!
by Jeannie from ???
(Sorry folks that's NOT a pic of tom brady with the village people!   Tom's gun is much much smaller! lol)
----------------------------------------------------------------
Love the website. And go anybody but patriots, I hope tom brady breaks his  friggin leg.
Brad from ???
You are my new favorite hero. I LOATHE EVERYTHING ABOUT BRADY AND THAT  TEAM!!!!!!!! Thank you, thank you, thank you for promoting what is at the  heart of every red-white-and blue blooded NFL fan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Everything posted on this site is what my husband and I have been saying for  years. I want to know who Kraft is blowing to get the refs to CHEAT for  belicheater and his totally gay team?!?!?!?!?!? The pic of brady with the  sports bra is the funniest thing I have seen all year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Keep it  all coming. I am forwarding this site to all my friends all over the  world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GNL in KY
hey i'm luke from bedford,pa and i'm a huge jets fan.....this queer ass has been plagueing us for years, i'm also a slight steelers fan, i wish harrison(steelers) or vilma (jets) would take his fucking legs out.  anyway, just wanted to say i love the website.  keep up the good work.
sincerely, luke
(i fucking hate tom brady with a passion)
If I had one wish it would be that tom Brady could get sacked right on the  new England side line. He gets sacked so hard that it sends him flying in the  air spinning like a helicopter, and in mid flight his cleat catches bill  (blow job) belichik right in the eye and cause Brady's leg to immediately  snap and belichick's eye to pop out of socket........ of course I wish this could  have happened before tonight when he broke Peyton's record! But I would still  settle for it to happen next game! Tom Brady is not 1/4 of the quarterback elway, Montana, or Peyton manning are.  Hell if I had sure handed randy moss catching my 7-10 yard blooper passes in  the in zone and running the score up on teams like Miami I could beat Peyton's  single season record too! I could go on all night but bottom line is I hate  tom Brady and the new England patriots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I do like the steelers however I love the colts
Robert from Cartersville, GA
Just a little therapy for me and a bash about Tom "pussy" Brady.  He is a  little girl, no I take that back, a little girl could take this little cry  baby.  I was thrilled to find your site.  True colors and lack of talent will  shine through when we hit play-off time.  But better than that would be if the  (on a streak) Dolphins kick the prima donna patriots ass.  But I'm not worried  true satisfaction and joy will come in feb when TONY ROMO AND THE DALLAS  COWBOYS put that pussy to shame before God and everyone.
Sincerely,
Self proclaimed Tom Brady hater
Lisa
I actually met Brady. He came into my Best Buy. I went up and asked for his  autograph and he said he couldn't sign because he was in a rush, I told him to  sign quick then. He then turned down a 10 year old for a photo. I only wanted  to signature for my friend who is a Pats fan, as I am a Dolphins fan.
You need to post pictures of him getting sacked and hit on the field!
Jay
-------------------------------
*** Editor's Note:  Great suggestion, Jay.  I've added some great pics of Brady getting smeared over on the right.  Take a look, and enjoy!   Ken
BTW: You have a friend who is a Patsies fan ?!?!? That is not in the Matrix.  You must to convert him/her to ANYTHING (but not a Browns fan, of course) or end the friendship.  That does not fly...
Let me know how that goes.
-------------------------------
OK, I was thinking of making an I hate Tom Brady website.....there is no way  to accurately measure the depth of my hatred of Tom Brady, the Patriots, or  any of the losers on that team.  Also, I am a huge steeler fan....you can  check out my site at http://farsaci.com --  I also have a t-shirt on  cafepress.com....you can see all my I hate tom brady stuff at  http://www.cafepress.com/danimalsden/4274270 ....
Glad to see I am not alone in thinking that it is a bit crazy to build  churches in boston around the Tom Brady second coming!
Thanks for the site!
dan
I too, hate Tom Brady.  I keep it all inside and your website makes me feel like I can let it out.  I feel so much better.  I cannot stand his arrogant, vacant stare.  He really does look gay. Maybe he just doesn't know it.  I hope he sees your website and realizes this and comes out of the closet.  My friends and I put a dollar in a jar  every time the Steelers play.  Whenever Brady gets injured bad enough to miss a game we are going to empty the jar and throw a party!  You should come...  We've got a pretty full jar (actually a vase...), so it should be a  great bash!  Hopefully next week!
Cindy - Indiana, PA
P.S. Will you be my pimp?  ;)
*** Editor's Note:  I'm thinking on it...
I am so happy. I feel at home here! I am a Colts fan, so I echo that I want  to vomit when I can't watch a game between the Colts and anyone without having  to hear about Tom Brady..gosh! You would think the guy invented the game  rather than just cheat at it. And as much crap as they pull they are the  whiniest, brattiest team I have ever seen. I am the calmest, quietest, most  shy person you will ever meet, but when the Patriots play and Tom Brady's face  shows up on the screen, the living room is as rough and tumble as any sports  bar in America. In fact I nearly ran off one poor guy because he was wearing a  Pats hat. Sorry, I guess I am not a great hostess, but they were playing the  Colts, and I just knew there would be four letter words. I can't help it. I  hate Tom Brady.
Laura - Harrisonburg, VA
I wish I could play against that little cocky bitch...
You know...the Pats are good.  Cheating arrogant pricks but they do have some  talent.  However...I think I broke with reality when that little c*cksucker  taunted our defense. I used to just cheer for the Pats to lose.  Now I cheer  for someone to hit Brady so hard he drinks out of a tube for the  rest of his life. Any injury that comes his way...I'll be cheering for. Send  that message to those homos in Boston.
Allison - Chicago
God, where do I start?  Hmmmmm.  How about with I LOATHE Tom Brady!  I  actually become angry every time I see his face.  Every time I look at him I  fantasize about punching his teeth down his throat, and I smile.  I secretly  pray for him to compound fracture his femur every time he plays!  I think all  these sportscasters make themselves look extremely gay blowing this guy  constantly!  Yeah, he's a good quarterback.  Anyone capable of throwing a ball  would be a good quarterback behind that offensive line.  I am so glad I found  this site!  I will visit daily!  May Tom Brady be strapped to a bed and  hobbled like the guy in the movie Misery!!!  To all the people writing in  bashing this site, could you please, for the love of god, start using correct  grammar, syntax, punctuation, and spelling.  Christ, as I read through the  comments, I saw someone refer to the 'Stealers'!!!!  Come on man, do I have to  even say anything?
~Craig from DC, but originally from Pittsburgh!~
Web sites like yours make my day. They help me know that I'm not alone in my  hatred of Tom Brady. Actually, I don't just hate Tom Brady; I hate the entire  Patriots franchise. But I mostly blame Tom Brady. I didn't hate them when they  were QBed by Drew Bledsoe. That cheaterhead coach of theirs doesn't help either. Can you believe he finally ditched that oh-so-stylish ratty-ass hoodie for a  puffy coat?  Is it just me, or did he look like a roast beef tied up with  string in that thing??  Where was I?  Oh yes. Hating Tom Brady.  That smug  pretty-boy bastard. And speaking of bastards, how's yours, Tom?  Also, Tedi  Bruschi?  Why do you spell your first name like that?  Are you a 14-year-old  girl???  How much do you want to bet he dots that "i" with a little heart?
Hoo boy. I'm glad to get that off my chest. Carry on!
Sincerely,
P.S. Go Jets!
tom brady sucks
tom brady could get sacked by a new  born BABY. i hate tom brady piece of crap  he is.
Don - from ???
Hey...so I'm f*n PISSED right now after watching the Ravens game and found a  good pic of Tommy boy suck face for your page. Enjoy!
Denille - York, PA
(See pic below...)
I can't stand Brady or the Patriots, either! It's nice to know that there are others out there with the same amount of disgust  for all things Brady/Patriots/obnoxious, that I have! I have attached a picture I picked up from ESPN.com(below), to brighten up your day -  it sure brightened up mine!
John W.
Oh how the hatred seethes...
I can't believe Madden can be so forgetful and say that Brady is having  the best year he's ever seen a QB have. Did he bother to look at the teams  he's playing against?? Does he remember how many hall of famers were on the  field when the Raiders and the Steelers of the 70s played?? Or the Raiders  and the Dolphins?? There were AT LEAST 20 between both teams! How many hall  of famers on the Pats?? I'd say about 1 or 2 (to say 2 is being kind). And  there were ZERO on the Bills! And maybe 1 or 2 in the rest of the Pats  PATHETIC EXCUSE FOR AN NFL DIVISION.
It's a complete joke. Alas, he's become a caricature of himself...
Again, I submit as exhibit A: Brady has no competition.
Rodney V.
I'm actually a die hard Niners fan since the late 70s but my other favorite  team was the Steelers of the 70s. I don't care what anyone says, Terry Bradshaw  was AWESOME! Way better than Brady. The Steelers couldn't have done it without  him. The competition was WAY harder back then and in the 80s and 90s. Now  there's only a couple of good teams, and expansion... lack of fundamentals  (no one tackles anymore!) etc etc. Brady has it easy. Can you imagine him up  against the Bears 46 defense or the Steel Curtain. He would have gone down  without being hit everytime!
Brady is lucky. He's good but not great. Nowhere near the TRUE greats of the  past.
Rodney
The reason I hate Tom Brady the most is because he can get as many su@k-offs  as he wants from his supermodel girlfriend but I know he prefers the 4 hour  long knob jobs he gets from every single announcer on  Sunday's - THUS PROVING THAT HE IS SURELY GAY!!!!!!  FUCK TOM BRADY.
Jack Lambert, Washington, D.C.
...And yes, I was named after 'guess who?'...
Being a Colts fan i have to constantly hear the comparisons between Manning  and that two faced f@^g%t brady. thank you for giving me a place to vent my  anger about shady brady and his team of shit eaters. i hope the next ref he  has gay sex with has herpes. FUCK TOM BRADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Maverick, from ???
Yes! Someone else who hates Tom Brady as much as me. I'm so glad there are others out there who hate Tom Brady as much as I do.  I hate Michigan so he sucks twice as much in my book. I'm also a die hard  Steelers fan. Here's to a great Steelers season and a torn ACL for Brady.   (a little cheating karma payback!)
Allison, Chicago
I Hate Tom Brady the cry baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Vickie - Johnstown, Pa
VERY Un-Insightful Love Messages to Tom Brady from those too disillusioned or "metro" to understand the Hate...
Just wanted to let you now that I enjoyed the site very much and im a Pats fan! Very well done.   I dont blame you and your followers for hating Brady, if i wasn't a Pats fan (or perhaps a Steelers fan like your site seems to cater to) id probably hate as   well. You always hate great players from opposing teams. I cant stand both of the Manning brothers (for obvious reasons) so trust me, i get it.   You have to admit though, at least the Pats dont have a rapist as their QB. Hate all you want but his wife wants him to fuck her willingly, but we cant really   say the same for Big Bens' ladies now can we?  ;)   Take care and see you at the Bowl..!
- Chris O.
*** Editor's Note:  The above is an excellent email from a Chowder Head.  They're not ALL that bad.
Who makes a page like this? Maybe you should spend your fucking time doing something better in your life. I mean come the fuck on you worthless piece of shit.   I hope to god you read this and feel like a complete fucking idiot like you are. You are the definition of a true fucking hater. Go ahead hate on Tom Brady.   Hes the fucking man. Seems like you have a problem realizing that. You have to be at least 20 years old to know how to make some dumbass site like this. So   you obviously need to grow the fuck up. The guy is playing a game. ITS A FUCKING GAME. The only reason you hate him is because he wins. Ya, he fucking wins.   So, with that being said how about you go do something better with your life then try hatin on a guy thats doing good at what he fucking does. Go fuck   yourself... Oh and btw. Tom Brady is going to be playing Feb. 5... o wait thats the fucking superbowl!!! ya go fuck yourself.. once again..
- Dakota Bostwick
You are all pathetic.
- Erik Strout
Hmmmm. Terry Bradshaw...big dumb doofus surrounded by better players who helped him win. Ben...big dumb ugly rapist surrounded by better players that helped   him win. Like the incredibly manly "dancing" Hines and "head and shoulders overrated" Troy. Ugly fat white trash steelers fans like you, your crew and your   old lady = classless, worthless, useless
- Carl Mahoney
Just to let you know your website is sad and pathetic. You steeler fans support a rapist and hate on Brady sounds like you have ur minds twisted. You call the   patriots brainless??? Go look at yourselves. At least we can win! Unlike your steelers this year. I hope u enjoy the playoffs without your precious big Ben in   it. I guess it was devine intervention when the broncos beat the steelers. Stop hatin and get lives.
Heather Lisien
To Squeamish McButtnuggly, and the rest of the Hater Tots, Well...well...well.  I wanted to wait for the good hate...you know, to see what  kind of clever, insightful hatred you clowns could come up with following that  sham of a Super Bowl.  Um, guess I'll have to wait a little while longer.  You do all  realize that were it not for a few zebras that tried to make up for some quality time with a video camera back in week 1, it would have been utter domination by  the Patriots.  Clearly, the fix was in.  If the most excellent Tom Terrific  (who clearly had thrown a rod and an ankle the previous week with his even more  most excellent girlfriend) and crew would have won, Roger Goodell would've been  squirming in front of Arlen Sphincter's desk Monday at 10am.  Does that excuse  for a senator represent Shittsburgh, by any chance?  It's all good, you whiners. we know that since your own pathetic teams suck, you have to cry about how the  Patriots just win and win and win.  Hopefully Seau and Bruschi retire, and  Harrison gets tossed.  Hey, maybe the Squealers can sign him to replace Troy  Pullonmyhair - that guy sucks!  Next year you'll see 18 new guys on board, and  they'll at least make it to the AFC Championship, so get ready for another  Patri-kakke next year.
Scott (Still waiting for Allison in Heinz Field)
McCain/McBeam - Just wait for Nov 08!!
*** Editor's note:  Hey, someone stole my sour grapes -- sounds like it must have been you!!!  And what happened to Moss in 08?  Did he back out of the  election like he backed out of the Pro Bowl.  I think he's been eating Brady's Baby Flakes for breakfast!
Get a life.. pathetic.. not even funny.. Obviously you didn't put much effort  into this..  Since you're a Steelers fan, I can understand your hate and  jealousy.. Hate on.. whatever makes you feel better.. Enjoy Brady's 4th Super  Bowl win.. Oh, and nice effort against the Jags..  Not too much choking by your  coach and your team down the stretch..
Chris from ???  (*** Editor's Note:  I think this Chris dude is actually Tom Brady -- sounds a little Cranky, doesn't she??)
Holy shit.
Did you know that Brady plays for half the pay that Manning plays for so there  will be room under the cap for others? You need to get over this sickness.  Otherwise they may find you hung by the light fixture in your mental ward.
(***Editor's Note:  Thanks for the unsolicited compliment...but I prefer to stand by the table -- closer to the special cookies...)
brady sucks... but so does reothlisberger. as much as i hate the pats, the  steelers have no room to talk about anyone in regards to someone getting  attention for nothing. big ben got pushed as the next big thing when he threw  the ball like 8 times a game. get over it.
Matt from ??? (guessing Cincy, here...)
(*** Editor's Note:  Ok, Matt.  No QB has EVER started his career with a better record than Ben.  That includes every legend in the Hall.
He is the youngest QB to win a Super Bowl, and although he did not have  a good game against the Seattle Whiners, he carried that team through  Indy and Denver.
And his name is not spelled REO (as in your fave band, REO Speedwagon), but ROEthlisberger.  Thanks for the keen insight...)
Someone told me there was a website like this out there and I couldn't  believe it! Your so #CKED ! Sounds like all sour grapes to me pal. Although I will admit that Ben is a good QB........probably #3 in the AFC  behind Brady and Manning, the Steeler's are not a real contender this year at  all.  It will be and as it should be, the Pat's and Colts in the AFC Champ game.  Everyone else is just trying to cash in as many playoff checks as they can get. The Pat's( not Brady...we play as a team here) beat you the last couple of  years, we beat you once already this year and if your lucky enough to get by  Jacksonville ( remember, they have already kicked your azz at home this year)  we will beat you again this year.  Oh, and by the way, your on the schedule for  next year to and the Pat's will beat you then to.
Sorry Pal, this is the NFL and only the really good teams move on.   Steeler's haven't been really good for more then a year or two since the 70's.  You should become a Penguin Fan......they have a good young stud playing Center  there.
Joe from ??? (Probably Cincy...)
*** Editors Note:  I.H.T.B. founder is wondering if he is wicked, sacked, whacked, cracked, smacked, hacked, tacked, shacked, racked, stacked, rocked, stalked, socked, or shocked... and BTW, he already is a Pens fan... The Winter Classic,  whoa, what a game!
Thanks, Joe.  Now get back to your Chowda' - it's getting #old...
I've actually resisted the urge to do some more Hater Baiting.  And you  people don't make it easy...you're so predictable.  Speaking of predictable,  who besides me expected the Steamers to do a no show against those Jaguars?   Ooofa...more embarassing than a drunk Joe Namath hitting on Suzy Kolber.   I hope you all backed off the ledge...for the time being anyway.   And I do have a special place in my heart for the downtrodden Steelers  fans( A very special place for you, Allison...How about you and Lisa get  your heels on and meet me on that big honkin' logo in Heinz Field.  We'll  even shoot some video for Coach Belichick to review later.)   What bothers me most is that I don't think that The Most Excellent Tom  Terrific will even get to play the Stealers/Squealers/Fagaletts again,  since it looks like said Shittsburgh team will have to play the Jags...and we  all know they can't get past them.  Oh, how sad, to deprive you all of another  beatenotomy...I think Mr. Brady says it best in the attached photo, wouldn't  you say? (*** Editors note:  I could not include the pic Scott sent at this time -- it was entirely too gay...)
Later Haters,
Brady/McCain 2008
Moss for Secretary of the "Just Flew By Your Ass"-terior
Dude, How's the crow sandwich?  I will give you credit for placing credit where  credit is due, by acknowledging the greatness of the most phenomenal team the  NFL has ever seen, as well as their most excellently great QB...Tom Terrific  Brady.   While the crude displays of rage and consternation by your seemingly male  posters are to be expected (they being either 1. bitter and jealous or, 2.  gay and threatened by the sheer skill of Tom Terrific, making them also bitter  and jealous), I am surprised and somewhat confused at the animosity displayed  by the female visitors to your site.  Clearly, the menfolk there must be sad  examples of the species, and don't give the ladies the attention they need.   Or it's just that the Squealers suck ass.   I also fail to see why you would look forward to a rematch between the Patriots and the Stealers in the playoffs...Isn't one whipping enough for you people???  Maybe you can call up that Steely McBeam gayblade to fire up the troops. Hopefully you can show the pic too, so you all can see what winners look like.
Sincerely,
Scott - Brady/Moss - Great in '08!!
*** Editor's Note:  Sure, Scott - Happy to post your pic - And I find it hilarious that you are unable to fathom that a woman exists on this planet who is not as enamored with Tom Gaydy as you are! Our female  Brady-Haters ROCK! They're hotter, cooler, funnier, and do everything  better than Patsy-Chicks.
And they can all kick your ass... ***
A N D . . . .  A nice SMACKDOWN from Allison in Chicago:
"I have a personal message for Scott. First of all unlike 'brady female fans'  who are more concerned about who he is dating then his stats... I actually  happen to know what goes on during a football game. And I can hold my own in a  pair of 4 inch heels with any male football fan.  I understand this intimidates  Scotty.  I would expect that from a Pats fan.  Steelers fans...are the only  ones man enough to handle it."
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Random thoughts from the editor:  I was in Chicago for a weekend over the summer checking out Clapton's Crossroads Festival.   What a freakin' great city!  Check it out if you ever have a chance. Great people, good music, and awesome food.
Also -- Go to the Navy Pier (Food, Beverages, Entertainment, Sights...)   We could have spent the entire weekend just at the Pier.
And before you leave town, you have to eat and hear some Blues at Buddy Guy's  Legends...
But beware of the cabbies (They'll rob you blind, oh yeah - believe it) , and under ANY circumstances DO NOT BUY ANY POLISH BEER.  You will regret it... (In my defense, I thought it would be a cultural experience...)
...it wasn't :(
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dude,
You should at least get behind a team that shows some fight...the Stealers  looked like the Jets practice squad yesterday.  Maybe they loaded up on too  much Stegmaier or Iron City.  Just like a Shitsburg team though - long on talk, short on walk.
Pats Rule!!!,
Scott - (Probably from Cleveland)
*** Editors Note:  "Tommy and Scotty sitting in a tree ..."  (... Oh, and BTW, it's Shitsburgh!) ***
Nice web page.  Just another hater of the Perfect Patriots!!!! whats your  lame excuse going to be when you lose on Sunday.  What was your lame excuse  when you lost to the shitty Jets, Arizona, Denver.  HMMMMM wonder what excuse  you will use next.  Your team is pathetic.  The Pats will show the world just  how over rated and god awful your shitty team is your shitty fans your shitty  field and your shitty website.  Happy losing!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anonymous - (*** Editor's Note:  Is it just me or does it sound like the above comment might have been from Shady Brady himself ?!?!?!)
*** Editors note:  Please log into lostquestionmarks.com during the Holiday  Season and make a donation to those who are not fortunate enough to purchase a keyboard with a "Question Mark" Key.  Whatever you can do helps.  Five dollars, ten dollars, or even twenty dollars can buy question mark keys for THOUSANDS of Patriot and Cleveland fans who must spend a large part of their days staring at their keyboards in confusion -- wondering if they will EVER be able to ask a  question via email.  Please do it now and put an end to this suffering.   What's next, Hyphens?  Ampersands?  ASTERISKS, for God's Sake ????????????    I really don't mean to rub it in by using so many "?" myself -- it's just  there, you know???
*** My Chuck Norris facts  with contributions from Billy and Brian ***
1. A McDonald's executive once approached Chuck Norris for permission to market a "McNorris" sandwich.  Chuck thought about this for a minute then McKilled the executive with a McRoundhouse kick to the head.
2. Jesus rose from the dead on the third day because he remembered that he owed Chuck Norris 2 dollars.
3. Chuck Norris has NEVER escaped death.  Death has, however, on a number of  occasions escaped Chuck Norris.
4. Chuck Norris never slips and falls.  If he is on his back, he is either having sex with a super-model or contemplating ways to kill you.
5. The "3 Shake Rule" does not apply to Chuck Norris.  He can shake it a thousand times and he's still not playing with it.
6. A team of doctors and scientists had to search for more than 10 years to find Chuck Norris'  feminine side.  When they finally found it, they removed it and named it Tom  Brady.
7. Chuck Norris doesn't carry a cell phone.  If you need to reach him, he'll find you.
8. How many Chuck Norris's does it take to screw in a light bulb?  One... He simply hangs on to the bulb and the world revolves around him.
9. Don't be silly, the world does NOT revolve around Chuck Norris.  The  world revolves around the sun.  The sun revolves around Chuck Norris.
10. Chuck Norris has to roundhouse-kick 3 women out of his pants every time he needs to take a leak.
11. Chairs were invented for the sole purpose of making it just a little more difficult for Chuck Norris to kick your ass.
12. Back in the 1970s Chuck Norris and Mean Joe Greene once ran into each other in a dark alley after a tough Steelers victory.  A brutal fight quickly ensued.   To this day neither man will talk about that night.
13. Stuart Scott's eye was injured when he attempted to compete in a staring contest with Chuck Norris.
Hey BRADY, G.I. Joe Says:
DO YOU HATE TOM BRADY, TOO?
Hey Tom, your "buddies" called and want to know if you're going to hang out with them after the game again this week.
Wait a second.... isn't that Tom Brady on the left ?!?!?!?
PATSIE'S CAM !!!
CHEATERS!!!
Might this explain the "Genius" moniker or the  "Future Hall-of-Fame Quarterback" tag?
Take Back the Trophies! This blatant cheating may have been done during New England's SuperBowl years (or maybe even the actual games)!  Regardless Brady or Belidick can never be allowed into the Hall of Fame!   Hell, they won't let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame for BETTING  (not necessarily affecting the outcome of the game), while this cheating by N.E.  affected the FINAL SCORE!!!  It is an OUTRAGE!!!  It's a bushel full of  ASS-TERISKS!!!
*********************************
... I possess a severe, bitter, unending,  bottomless HATRED of Tom Brady
My Favorite Tom Brady Photo Album:
Tom's 2nd-Favorite dream...
Tom's Favorite dream
Aww C'mon, just one little peck.  Whaddya say?
"i hate tom brady" "I HATE TOM BRADY" "I Hate Tom Brady" "hate tom brady" "hate tom brady" "i hate tom brady"  "I Hate Tom Brady" "chuck norris facts" "chuck norris" "chuck norris facts" "chuck norris" "chuck norris facts" "chuck norris" "chuck norris facts" "chuck norris" "new york jets" "new york jets" "buffalo bills" "buffalo   bills" "miami dolphins" "miami dolphins" "chuck norris facts" "chuck norris" "chuck norris facts" "chuck norris" 'tom brady sucks' 'tom brady sucks' 'tom brady sucks' 'tom brady sucks'
