Person he would most like to meet is: Heidi Klum
Favorite quote: Lead me, follow me or get the heck out of the way.
Motto is: JUST WIN
Autobiography Title: Here's a story....of a man named Brady
Toughest NFL opponent: Charles Woodson
Craziest Ambition: Become U.S. Senator
Football hero: Joe Montana
Greatest Player: Joe Montana (without a doubt)
Hobbies: Golfing, reading, sleeping
If he lost all his possessions except one: his lucky coin
Trip to: Italy
Did You Know?
* Pompous circumstance  It's fast times at Serra High. The San Mateo, Calif., parochial school  has this alumni update, just in the past six months:  Â. Tom Brady (Class of '95) quarterbacked New England to an upset Super  Bowl victory and was voted game MVP;  Â. Barry Bonds (Class of '82) of the San Francisco Giants broke Mark  McGwire's season home-run record with 73 and was voted National League  MVP for a record fourth time; and  Â. Lynn Swann (Class of '70), the former Pittsburgh Steelers receiver  and a former Super Bowl MVP, was inducted into the Pro Football Hall  of Fame.  "I think that it would be safe to say that (Serra) has had the most  prolific year for alumni ever," Serra football coach Patrick Walsh  wrote in a letter to Sports Illustrated. "Not bad for a little school  in a sleepy suburb like San Mateo."
* He also became the fifth quarterback since 1970 to earn a trip to  the Pro Bowl in only his first year as a starter. And he is the only  QB in Patriots history to win 11 of his first 14 starts.
* He was the third-youngest quarterback (24 1/2 years old) to start in  a Super Bowl (behind Dan Marino and David Woodley)
* Weight aside, that's the same quarterback MacKenzie knew in San  Mateo. "That's the secret to his success. He hasn't really changed at  all," MacKenzie said. "Everything that he does well and that people  have talked about have just increased. His focus and concentration  have gotten better. His commitment has only gotten stronger. He's  always had that great heart. "Probably the biggest change, if I had to  say one thing, is that he's just a lot more patient with himself now."  Whereas pro scouts might have questioned Brady's durability, no one  doubted his intelligence. At Serra High, he carried a 3.5 grade-point  average and drew interest from 75 or more colleges. "When you talk to  most youth, they're there, but they're not listening. They don't apply  what you're telling them," said Tom Martinez, a quarterback guru who  has tutored Brady since the ninth grade. "My pleasure with him was  that he was all ears. He'd listen to what I said, would go off, then  come back improved a bunch." The arm strength, however, came out of  nowhere. Martinez thought back to Brady's junior year, when the chunky  kid had grown tall and thin. "All of a sudden the ball came in like a  man," Martinez said. "All of a sudden he wasn't little Tommy Brady."  Those who know Brady well, however, said he is still is the humble,  All-American guy he always has been. That image remained intact  despite the success and the media circus surrounding the sporting  world's biggest event. Brady has done and said all the right things  this week. "He is that guy that you'd want your daughter to marry,"  said Damon Huard, the Patriots' third-string quarterback. "He's got  that smile on his face, he's really, really easygoing, he's real  genuine." Martinez and MacKenzie doubt that ever will change. They  also expect the success to continue. "If he were a flash in the pan,  you wouldn't have the kind of games Tom Brady is having," Mackenzie  said of New England's playoff run. "He proved over the last 16 games  that he belonged in the NFL. And he's proved he and his team belong in  the Super Bowl."
* Cinderella by the Numbers  2 - Quarterbacks, other than Brady, who led their teams to the  Superbowl in their first year as starters. Vince Ferragamo took the LA  Rams to Superbowl XIV, against the Steelers, and Kurt Warner guided  the St. Louis Rams to a berth in Superbowl XXXIV, against the Titans.
6 - Quarterbacks who where picked ahead of Brady in the 2000 draft.  That group comprised Chad Pennington(Jets), Giovanni Carmazzi (49ers),  Chris Redman (Ravens), Tee Martin (Steelers), Marc Bulger (Saints),  and Spergon Wynn(Browns).
58 - Combined completions in 2001 of the six quarterbacks who were  drafted ahead of Brady in the 2000 draft.
264 - Completions by Brady in 2001
4 - Straight games -week 9 through week 12- in which Brady completed  at least 70% of his passes. Only Joe Montana (8) has completed at  least 70% of his passes in more consecutive games.
162 - Passes thrown by Brady in 2001 before he was intercepted for the  first time, an NFL record.
643,750 - Dollars, per game, that Drew Bledsoe makes as part of the  10-year, $103 million contract that he signed before the 2001 season.
298,000 - Dollars, this season, that Brady made in base salary.
* Drew Henson, Tom Brady's former competition and pal at Michigan, has  exposed Brady to Patriots fans. "Tom Brady is a huge Yankees fan,"  said Henson. "You can write that." Brady used to wear Yankee hats  around the Patriots locker room until someone told him not to. He now  wears Red Sox and SF Giants caps. Brady is sure to take grief for his  SI cover, in which he has his shirt off. "With that body, why would  you take your shirt off?" said one teammate.
* In 2000, Brady signed a three-year contract, with a signing bonus of  $38,500 -- less than the $49,250 sticker price of the Cadillac  Escalade EXT he got for being the Super Bowl MVP.
* Brady's base salary for 2001 was $298,000. Drew Bledsoe's base  salary for 2001 is $3.4 million. Third-stringer Damon Huard made  $525,000.
* The Patriots' 2001 media guide devotes 26 pages to Bledsoe. Brady  has three-quarters of one page.
Answer:
that must be the steroid connection to Tom Brady! (Barry Bonds)  no wonder he was at the State of the Union, it all makes sense!
Submit your comment or answer
 
