Pat N. ( patmat ) reviewed Why the Sky Is Blue on
8/27/2008
+ 166 more book reviews
2 member(s) found this review helpful.
I really liked this book. I agonized with the lady and the decision that she makes. The storyline draws you in and you find yourself wanting to get to the last half of the book to see how it turns out.
Currently 5/5 Stars.
Dana L. ( daltonryan ) reviewed Why the Sky Is Blue on
8/16/2008
+ 33 more book reviews
2 member(s) found this review helpful.
I was completely touched by this book.  Once I started it, I could not put it down.  I just got it in the mail yesterday, but I've already read it.  I was just so absorbed in the characters, and sometimes found myself in tears. What a wonderful book!
Currently 0/5 Stars.
Jennine G. ( LuvReading79 ) reviewed Why the Sky Is Blue on
3/7/2007
+ 14 more book reviews
2 member(s) found this review helpful.
Okay story.  A married Christian woman, with two children, is raped and becomes pregnant.  She gives the child up for adoption only to have her daughter come back to her years later when the adoptive parents die.  It was an okay story to read.
Please     Log in to Rate these Book Reviews
Currently 5/5 Stars.
Patty G. ( patty503 ) reviewed Why the Sky Is Blue on
7/2/2010
This is Susan's first novel, I loved this book! it grabbed my heart, and tugged at me. As a christian author, I have found that each book has a quote in it that just screams at me. I really like the way the book is written, as the story is told by two different people.
I am a big fan of Susan's, I've read all her books, but this one is my favorite.
Currently 2.5/5 Stars.
Keri ( TXGrobanite ) reviewed Why the Sky Is Blue on
5/13/2009
+ 269 more book reviews
Ok book by a favorite author of mine.  I have really enjoyed her other books "Shape of Mercy" and "Blue Heart Blessed" but for some reaon I just couldn't get into this one.  The story line jumps around, has flashbacks that are confusing and I was disappointed in the ending.  However, I will still read other Susan Meissner books because I do like her others and I got the chance to meet her last month (April 2009) and she was super nice.  So not my favorite by Susan.
