Orange      .597-.622
Red         .622-.780
When light beams interact with particles suspended in air, the energy can be scattered  or absorbed.  Energy that is scattered causes a change in direction of the light path.   The amount of light that is being scattered is a function of the size of the particle  relative to the wavelength of the light falling on the particle.  Particles that are  tiny compared to the wavelength of the light scatter selectively according to wavelength.   While all colors are scattered by air molecules, violet and blue are scattered most.   The sky looks blue, not violet, because our eyes are more sensitive to blue light (the sun  also emits more energy as blue light than as violet).
Photo by Scott Lindstrom
At sunset and sunrise, the sunlight passes through more atmosphere than during the  day when the sun is higher in the sky.  More atmosphere means more molecules to scatter  the violet and blue light.  If the path is long enough all of the blue and violet light  gets redirected out of your line of sight, while much of the yellow, orange and red  colors continue along the undeviated path between your eye and the sun.  This is why sunsets  often are composed of yellow, orange and red colors.
Photo by Roland Stull
To demonstrate the cause of blue sky in the classroom requires only a clear glass  container, water, some milk and a flashlight.  First, put water in the medium sized  glass (it must be clear) and shine the flashlight through the glass.  The beam of  light from the flashlight will be difficult to see in the water.  Milk contains  tiny molecules of protein and fat which scatter blue light, but we must dilute the  milk to see the effect.  So put a few drops of milk in a medium sized glass of water.   For those who must use 1/4 tsp. of a spice in a food recipe, instead of just a  pinch -- add 60 milliliters (about 1/4 cup) of milk to 10 liters (about 2 1/2 gallons)  of water.  Now shine the light on the side of the glass.  Note the light beam is now  visible as it passes through the water/milk mixture, due to scattering.  Add more  drops of milk (or if you are dealing with the 2 1/2 gallon fish tank -- add about  90 milliliters, 30 at a time) until the mixture takes on a distinct blue color.   If you are demonstrating this to a non-believer, they may not observe the blue tint.   To convince them, recall that at sunset, or sunrise, the sun appears orange and red.   The reason for this is that all the blue light is scattered in all directions, and  if there are enough molecules to scatter, all the blue light will eventually be  scattered out of the sunlight.  Thus, if the water/milk mixture is blue, the  flashlight beam as it leaves the glass container should take on an orange/red color.   Put a piece of paper at the end of the glass container and voila! - the flashlight  beam is orange!
So why is milk white and not blue?  Because there are so many fat and protein  molecules in milk that enough light at all wavelengths gets scattered giving the  appearance of white light.  Carefully look at the color of the sky on a clear  day in the afternoon .  The brightest blues will appear overhead, while on the  horizon the color will be a milky blue. The whitish tint on the horizon is due  to the scattering by many more molecules close to the ground, in addition to  scattering by haze particles.
Photo by Roland Stull
Why does haze cause the sky to appear whitish?  As a particle gets bigger, it  is no longer selective in the wavelength it scatters.  You can see this change  if you carefully watch someone smoke.  The smoke off the end of the cigarette  is made up of particles that are very small compared to the wavelength of visible  light, and thus appear blue, particularly if viewed against a dark background.   When you inhale the smoke into your lungs, exposing yourself to great health  hazards, some of the smoke stays suspended in your lungs until you exhale.  Your  lungs are warm and moist, and the moisture begins to condense on the smoke  particles forming a type of polluted smog in your lungs ( yuck! ).   When you exhale, the particles have become larger due to the condensation occurring in your  lungs, large enough so that the smoke particles scatter light independent of wavelength,  and the exhaled smoke looks white.
If things are made of molecules, why doesn't everything around you look blue?   The effect is quite weak in solids and liquids because the molecules are arrayed  in a more orderly fashion and the scattered light occurs only in the forward  direction, along with all the other colors.
For more information on atmospheric optics, such as scattering, see:
Basic texts
Meteorology Today, An Introduction to Weather, Climate and the Environment,  by C. Donald Ahrens, West Publishing Company
Meteorology, The Atmosphere and the Science of Weather,   by Joseph M. Moran and Michael D. Morgan, MacMillan College Publishing Company
Clouds in a Glass of Beer, Simple Experiments in Atmospheric Physics,  by Craig F. Bohren, John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
More advanced texts
Sunsets, Twilights and Evening Skies, by Meinel, Cambridge University Press.
Rainbows, Halos and Glories, by Greenler, Cambridge University Press.
Please refer questions to Dr. Steve Ackerman/SteveA@ssec.wisc.edu
