Education & Reference Questions and Answers Web
Why is the sky blue??Where does it end??
Answers:
The sky is blue due to raleigh scattering of visible light, and blue is scattered the least - so it's more evident
I think I heard space starts at 200,000ft...not sure if I got that right....normal cirrus clouds are about 25,000ft-35,000ft
The sun reflects light of of the gases that are in the atmosphere and they happen to reflect the color blue.
Light bounces off the moisture in the air (sky) and reflects only blue light... when light color reflects it only shows that color so the color of any object is that color being reflected when white light goes onto it.
And the universe never ends
sometimes it is pink and purple, or orange and red. as afr as i know it only ends when you go indoors.
a better question is why is the sky not blue at night, and why does it change colors throughout the day? Also, can the sky really fall down. If it can does it all fall at once, or in tiny chunks.
Because when light passes through the atmosphere it's scattered. blue light is scattered the most, that's why.
it does not end
Sky is not a physical object. The 3-dimensional space is called sky. Sky has no color, it is the presence of sun that makes it colored mosly blue. Sky, materially, has not limit.
Some one told me once that the sky is blue because it's a reflection from the sea - the most space consuming thing on earth. So that's what I've always believed.
it is due to the scattering of sun light when it travells from the sun to the earth ................ only blue remains when the light reaches the earth
the case is differnt in morning and evening
Light bounces off the moisture in the air (sky) and reflects only blue light... when light color reflects it only shows that color so the color of any object is that color being reflected when white light goes onto it.
When sunlight travels through the atmosphere, blue light scatters more than the other colors, leaving a dominant yellow-orange hue to the transmitted light. The scattered light makes the sky blue; the transmitted light makes the sunset reddish orange.
Our best guess suggests the universe probably has a slight curvature. Stephen Hawking referred to this in his description of a finite, but unbounded universe.
This article contents is post by this website user, EduQnA.com doesn't promise its accuracy.
More Questions & Answers...
