Why is the Sky Blue?
Posted at 12:48 pm under Environment , Physics
Perhaps most people know why the sky is blue. But I didn’t. Recently, my little brother asked me, “Why is the sky blue?”. I remember asking this question once, but I never got an answer. As I got older, I forgot all about it and consequently, I never found out the answer. My brother’s question made me remember the curiosity I had as a child and I want to be able to answer his question. This led to my research on why the sky is blue.
Visible light may appear white but is actually a mixture of different colors. The different colors have different wavelengths and frequencies with violet having the shortest wavelength and the highest frequency and red have the longest and lowest frequency. Light travels in a straight line when there is no obstruction. As light enters the atmosphere, it continues in a straight line until it collides with gas molecules or other particles. When light collides with larger particles, it gets reflected. The reflected colors of light are all reflected in the same direction and thus, appear white. However, when light collides with particles that are smaller than the wavelength of light, scattering occurs. Scattering is “ a general physical process where some forms of radiation , such as light , sound , or moving particles, are forced to deviate from a straight trajectory by one or mor e localized non-uniformities in the medium through which they pass “.
Rayleigh scattering, the “ dispersion of electromagnetic radiation by particles that have a radius less than approximately 1/10 the wavelength of the radiation “, explains the why the sky is blue. The amount of Rayleigh scattering depends on the size of the particles and the wavelength of the light and is more effective at shorter wavelengths. Therefore, blue light is scattered more strongly than light that are of longer wavelengths. However, if light is scattered more strongly at shorter wavelengths, then another question arises: why isn’t the sky violet? After all, violet light has the shortest wavelength. The reason why the sky isn’t violet is because the sun emits less violet light and our eyes are less sensitive to violet light. This is because our retina has three types of color receptors (cones): red, blue, and green. Our eyes respond most strongly to light at these wavelengths and because the color receptors are stimulated in different proportion, our visual system constructs the colors we see. When we look at the sky, the red cones respond to the small amount scattered red light as well as the orange and yellow lights (but less strongly). The green cones respond to yellow and more the strongly scattered green and green-blue wavelengths. The blue cones on the other hand, respond to colors near the wavelength of blue light, which are very strongly scattered. Because the most strongly scattered indigo and violet wavelengths stimulate both the red cones (slightly) and the blue cones (strongly), we perceive the sky as pale blue.
As children, most of us constantly asked the question why. We used to question almost everything we saw around us, eager to learn more about this world. However, as we grow up, we lose the tendency to ask why and we accept things as they are.  As Bernard Baruch said, “Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton asked why.” Asking questions leads to learning; We should try to regain the curiosity we had as children.
Sources
Gibbs, Philipst. “Why is the sky blue?.” The Physics and Relativity FAQ. N.p., n.d. Web. 16 May 2011. < http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/physics/Administrivia/copyright.html >.
“Blue Sky.” Blue Sky and Rayleigh Scattering. Hyper Physics, n.d. Web. 22 May 2011. < http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/atmos/blusky.html >.
“Rayleigh scattering.” Encyclopædia Britannica. Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Encyclopædia Britannica, 2011. Web. 22 May. 2011. < http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/492483/Rayleigh-scattering >.
“Why is the Sky Blue.” Science Made Simple. SCIENCE MADE SIMPLE, INC., n.d. Web. 22 May 2011. < http://www.sciencemadesimple.com/sky_blue.html >.
“Scattering.” Wikipedia. Wikepedia, 11 05 2011. Web. 22 May 2011. < http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scattering >.
No responses yet
