Why the Sky Is Blue
Why is the sky blue?
 
Have you ever wondered why our sky is blue? The molecules in our atmosphere are made up of about 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, .7% argon, and a small amount of trace gases. White light from our sun is made up of all the colors in the rainbow from red to violet. When the light hits our atmosphere the molecules scatter blue light more than red or green etc. so we see a blue sky! Let's do an experiment to see the effect of scattering, and some other properties of light. Get as many of the following materials as possible: A 1 liter beaker or 1 qt glass jar (a 12 oz glass will do), some milk, a laser pointer or other low power laser, a prism or diffraction grating and some lenses, and a lab notebook to record your observations. Fill the beaker with cold tap water and shine your laser through it. Mix 2-3 drops of milk into the water. Take the mixture into a dimly lit, or dark, room. Shine the laser through the side of the beaker and look through the top of the beaker, jar, or glass. What do you see? The mixture you made is called a colloidal suspension. Now shine the laser up through the side of the beaker toward the center of surface of the suspension.
[Physics FAQ] - [Copyright]
Original by Philip Gibbs May 1997.
Why is the sky blue?
A clear cloudless day-time sky is blue because molecules in the air scatter blue light from the sun more than they scatter red light.  When we look towards the sun at sunset, we see red and orange colours because the blue light has been scattered out and away from the line of sight.
The white light from the sun is a mixture of all colours of the rainbow.  This was demonstrated by Isaac Newton, who used a prism to separate the different colours and so form a spectrum.  The colours of light are distinguished by their different wavelengths.  The visible part of the spectrum ranges from red light with a wavelength of about 720 nm, to violet with a wavelength of about 380 nm, with orange, yellow, green, blue and...
