Wed Jun 20 2001 at 13:50:30
WHY  IS THE SKY  BLUE?
WAVELENGTH AND DISCRIMINATION
If waves are made at the  side of a lake and a rock is  sticking out of the water , a little off shore,  when they reach it, do the ripples "see" the rock -  do they bounce off it, bend round it - or do they pass it by, as if  nothing was there?
If the wavelength of the waves (the  distance between crests) is smaller than, or equal  too (roughly) the size of the rock, the waves "see"  it.  If they are longer than the rock they pass by  unchanged.  For this reason a light microscope may  only discriminate detail of a size equal to the  wavelength of light.  Finer detail requires an  electron microscope - electrons have a shorter  wavelength than photons because of their high momentum .  (See: Quantum Mechanics  Basic Idea .)
White light contains blue wavelengths.  If  there are the appropriate sized "rocks" in the air  the problem is close to being solved.
SUNLIGHT JUST MISSING THE EARTH
If a searchlight beam was looked at from the side nothing would be seen, unless  there was some sideways scatter of the  light.
Some light from the Sun just misses the Earth .  If it were not  scattered (some of it downward) by the atmosphere none of it would ever illuminate the surface.  If  the blue light is scattered - if there is something  in the atmosphere blue waves can "see" - then, when  someone looks up at the sky, they will observe blue.
The problem is there are no  particles in the atmosphere of the appropriate  size.
ATMOSPHERE PARTICLES
All molecule s and atom ic scale particle s are too small.  Neither are the various dust particles appropriately sized; they would scatter all wavelengths, not pick out the blue.  Indeed, if a  glass tube is filled with perfectly dustless, clean  air and white light shone along it, blue light  scatters out of the sides.  It is clear therefore  that it is the air itself and not any sophistication s which is responsible for dissipating blue light.
RESOLUTION OF THE " PARADOX ," HOLES IN THE  SKY
There is no particle in the atmosphere  of an appropriate size to scatter blue light; we  appear to be up against a brick wall .
The - rather elegant, perhaps -  resolution of this metaphorical paradox is gained by  imagining the air to consist in many particles  flying about at random .  By pure  chance there will exist holes in the air where,  simply by chance, no particles happen to be.  These  holes are the desired size, turning the sky blue.
PREDICTION
Should the Earth's covering of gas get  thinner, for any reason, it is easy to see that the  holes in the sky would grow larger and the sky would  turn red.
SHEPHERD'S DELIGHT
The Sun is red when low in the sky  because its light has traveled through a large  thickness of atmosphere, before reaching the eye and  the scattering of the blue sideways, throughout its  journey, has left only the longer, redder  wavelengths.
SHEPHERD'S WARNING
Bugger off or I'll shove a sheep up  your tradesman's entrance .
[Note of caution:  This frequently  asked question was addressed in New Scientist magazine ; the above explanation was not among  those printed .]
Quote from Kung 'No offence Sporus but the reason it wasn't printed is probably because it's piffle.' This raises an interesting point. I got the theory from a book by Jeans. Jeans and  Rayleigh worked together (recall the Jeans-Rayleigh Law). Perhaps they fell out over the sky blue question. I'd back Jeans, he was unquestionably a genius.
