Editorial Reviews
From School Library Journal
PreSchool-K.  Elderly, sedentary Donkey and young, hyperactive Rabbit live in the same field. Wise Donkey is pleased to pass on his knowledge to the eager rabbit, if only he would sit still and listen. But Rabbit's curiosity keeps him jumping from one thing to another, so the older animal is never able to finish a thought. One day Rabbit is gone a long time, and the worried donkey begins a search, noticing new things along the way and remembering how it felt to be young. He finds Rabbit counting the spots on ladybugs and realizes that there are a lot of things he doesn't know. The story ends with Rabbit asking, "Why is the sky blue?" and Donkey answering, "Wait until morning." This pleasant, well-written story with charming, soft watercolor illustrations contrasts the differences between ages and demonstrates how each generation learns from the other. Rabbit hops and bounces all over the page, while the Eeyore-like donkey patiently waits. Children will enjoy looking for the pictures in the impressionistic clouds. The drawings of the flowers and insects are lovely. This is a good candidate for storyhour, but beware: Donkey never answers "Why is the sky blue?"?Martha Gordon, formerly at South Salem Library, NY
Copyright 1997 Reed Business Information, Inc. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
From Kirkus Reviews
Old and young meet for an exchange of life's lessons in this latest offering from Grindley (The Big Crocodile Book, 1993, etc.). Rabbit and Donkey live in the same field, but in different worlds. Donkey is old, wise, and slow; Rabbit is everywhere, and bristling with questions. Donkey is happy to explain it all if Rabbit will sit still. Rabbit's patient attendance, however, is more easily promised than accomplished, and his joy in movement is apparent in Varley's blithe watercolors, which rely heavily on cartoony whiz lines to limn action. When one day Rabbit erupts from the lesson and stays away long enough to arouse concern, Donkey seeks him out, making new discoveries along the way. Rabbit, stuck in the middle of a bush, shows Donkey things he's never seen before, and comes up with an answer to the question of the title: The sky is blue ``because that was the only color left in the paint box.'' Donkey's amusement at this unleashes his own exuberance, and his behavior is more typical of Rabbit's than his own stately ways. A wry and gentle book of friendship and discovery. (Picture book. 4-7) -- Copyright ©1997, Kirkus Associates, LP. All rights reserved. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
