« Anne Frank (Assignment)
Why is the sky blue? (Research Paper)
Why is the sky blue? Many people ask this question and we think they come across as silly or young. But the ironic thing is, is that this question touches on some of the deepest aspects of astronomy and skygazing (Sky-Watch). The question is what causes us to see the sky as blue? There are a variety of answers and not necessarily all of them being true, like when you tell a child that it’s because God spilled his water. The sky is blue because of the wavelength of the colors in the electromagnetic spectrum, the atmosphere of Earth, and our eyes.
Many people believe that the sky is light blue just because they have grown up to think only about the color blue when they are asked about the sky. But scientific studies show that the light from the Sun is all the colors of the rainbow. (Note card 3) The light travels in waves and consists of weightless particles that are moving around 200,000 kilometers per second (Sky-Watch). The range of light that our eyes can see is the electromagnetic spectrum. Each color in the spectrum has a different frequency-which is the number of cycles per second. The frequency of light is determined by color. For example, blue light has a shorter and highter frequency than the others. Furthermore, now you know that the light waves coming from the Sun contain all the colors with different frequencies and that the light with a lower frequency has a longer wavelength.
For my second point, it is our atmosphere on Earth. In suppor of this we know that the light from the Sun has different frequencies. Consequently when light comes into our atmosphere at its 200,000 kilmoter per second pace it collides with the oxygen and nitrogen atoms. The colors with the short wavelenghts with higher frequencies, such as the color blue are roughly the same size as the oxygen atoms. This causes the blue light to get scattered more easily across the sky. But since red has a lower and longer frequency it is able to pass by the atoms. “If there was no atmosphere we would see the Sun clearly and the sky would be black.” (Sky Watch)
Our eyes are created with thousands of rods and cones which are receptors for light. The electromagnetic spectrum are colors our eyes can see, and because they are sensitive we see some colors more easily since blue is one of the primary colors it is more easily activated by our eyes. You may not know but violet is also scattered with blue, but it just does not have a consistant wavlength. This causes the color to be absorbed by the higher atmosphere. (Note card 3) Also enters our eyes from various angles which is why blue appears accros the sky!
Now that you know the real reason why the sky is blue you will be able to go and help others who may be “ridiculed” for asking apparently a silly question. You can tell them that colors enter our atmosphere causing some to get scattered by the oxygen atoms. As the scattered light enters our eyes the blue light that was scattered is more easily activated by the rods and cones in our eyes that help us see light. But maybe you should use the answer that God spilled his water for little children instead. The next time you are walking with the bright blue sky around you, try and stop and praise God for even his small miracles that make Earth beautiful.
Like this:
Like
Be the first to like this post.
This entry was posted on May 26, 2010 at 1:03 am and is filed under Uncategorized .      You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed              You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site.
Leave a Reply
