Why the Sky Is Blue
Why the Sky Is Blue
Why the sky is blue
Eros (God of Love) was going about his normal routine when was approached by Zeus (Father of Gods and men) and asked to fulfill and very important task. The city Neon was corrupted with hatred and lacked love and happiness. Eros was honored to accept this offer since he was after all, the God of Love. “Who would be better to restore love and happiness to such a corrupted place?” Eros thought. For a while Eros pondered on how he would complete such a simple task. A few days later Eros made his arrival to the city Neon, and was astonished to find how much hatred existed there. It was if the city was covered with darkness. The clouds were gray and the city appeared doomed. Eros’ first encounter was with the city council to determine the reasoning behind why the people were sad and their hearts were filled with such hatred. It was discovered that for a long time the people were searching for love, but was unable to find it because Gruella (Queen of Hatred) had casted
Is this essay helpful? Join OPPapers to read more and access more than 650,000 just like it!
get better grades
a spell on the town and it had to be broken in order for happiness and love to be restored to the city Neon. All that was needed was true love among two people to break the spell casted by Gruella.
One by one Eros was able to restore love to people of Neon, but it all really began when Eros met his bestowed love Sanabella. He had never encountered such beauty and a heart so pure. One thing the really stuck out about Sanabella was her dazzling blue eyes. Eros was mesmerized every time he looked at her. Over a period of time the two grew so much in love. Their love was so strong that it was felt by everyone who encountered them. Gruella became upset after she found about Eros’s and Sanabella’s love for each other. She knew it would be strong enough to break the spell she’d casted, so she figured she had to come up with a new plan. Before she could do this the spell was broken. The people of Neon experienced loved again, and the dark clouds that covered Neon became blue…the same...
Already a Member? Login Now »
This essay and over 650,000 other essays are available now on OPPapers.com.
