Steven Dutch, Natural and Applied Sciences, University of Wisconsin - Green Bay
First-time Visitors: Please visit Site Map and Disclaimer . Use "Back" to return here.
Scattering
Scattering is the process of light bouncing off small particles. There are  many kinds of scattering. However, short wavelengths of light (blue) are more  effectively scattered because long wavelengths simply pass over particles the  same way  large ocean waves ignore pebbles.
Why the Sky is Blue
This turns out to be an amazingly complex problem. If short wavelengths of  light are scattered more than long wavelengths, then violet light should be  scattered most of all, so why isn't the sky violet?
The answer depends on many factors. First, the sun emits the largest amount  of light in the green part of the spectrum. There is less blue light than green  and less violet light than blue. Second, our eyes have evolved to see the light  emitted by the sun, so our eyes are most sensitive in the green part of the  spectrum rather than to blue and violet. So we see blue better than violet, and  there's more of it to see.
Next, scattering increases toward the violet end of the spectrum, so even  though there's more green light in sunlight, less of it gets scattered from the  open sky. Violet light gets scattered the most, but it also gets absorbed the  most, so some of it never reaches our eyes.
Finally, there's the way our eyes respond to mixtures of colors. Sunlight is  strongest in the green part of the spectrum, but we don't see the sun as green.  We see that mixture of colors as white with a hint of yellow. If we illuminate  something with a mix of green, blue and violet light, our brains will process  that mix as blue.
On the average, a photon of light from blue sky has been scattered just once.  If particles are numerous, however, the light may be scattered many times, a  phenomenon called multiple scattering.
When light has undergone multiple scattering, our eyes get a random mixture  of colors from all over, and we see white light. Virtually everything that is  white owes its color to multiple scattering: clouds, snow, paper, sugar, salt,  beach sand, milk, white paint.
Also, since light is scattered so much, the chances of a photon making it all  the way through in a straight line are very small. Small amounts of multiple  scattering, as in thin fog, wash out colors and reduce visibility of distant  objects. Larger amounts of multiple scattering, as in thick clouds, make the  object completely opaque. This is why clouds look dark when they are not sunlit.  In the photo at lower right above, even though the salt, sugar and milk are made  entirely of substances that are intrinsically transparent, they all cast  distinct shadows because scattering prevents light from getting through.
Side comment: one material that is very good at scattering light is titanium  dioxide. It is a principal ingredient in white paint. Surprisingly, it's also an  ingredient in black ink, because any light that gets through the ink is  scattered by the titanium dioxide. It helps make the ink opaque.
The Setting Sun
Red Sun
When the sun is setting, it looks red because it is traveling through a long  distance of air, and all the shorter wavelengths of light are absorbed or  scattered before they reach your eye.
The atmosphere also bends or refracts light, so much so that when the  setting sun appears to be on the horizon, it has actually set. This  effect is greatest the closer the sun is to the horizon, so that the setting sun  appears flattened because light from the bottom of the sun is refracted more  than light from the top.
The fact that sunlight is reddened and refracted by the earth's    atmosphere means that during an eclipse of the moon, reddened sunlight    refracted through the earth's atmosphere still strikes the moon.
Only once has an eclipse of the sun by earth been photographed from    the moon. This astonishing picture, surprisingly, is rarely seen. Taken in 1966 by one of the Surveyor lunar landers, it is the only picture ever taken of a lunar eclipse as seen from the Moon. The Earth is totally eclipsing the sun, but sunlight scattered by the Earth's atmosphere creates a bright ring around the Earth. 
The Green Flash
Not the latest comic book (sorry, graphic novel) super-hero, and not  an urban legend as some people claim. It's real. The atmosphere bends different  wavelengths differently, just like a prism. This effect is called dispersion.  If you look at a very bright star just above the horizon with binoculars, you  may see it flicker with different colors because of dispersion.
If the sky is extremely clear at sunset, then the refraction of  sunlight may bend red and yellow light into the ground before it gets to your  eye, while blue and violet light are scattered or absorbed before they reach  you. The last pinpoint of the setting sun may appear green for a second or two.
This is rarely seen because it's rare for the horizon to be that clear and  unobstructed. You need a very flat horizon, otherwise the sun won't be low  enough for dispersion to be effective. A sea horizon would be best, but even on  very clear days at sea there is enough haze on the horizon to redden the sun too  much. The green flash is often seen in the Arctic and Antarctic because the cold  air is very dry and because the sun sets at a grazing angle to the horizon,  making the effect last longer. (Around here, try northern Door County after the  Bay is frozen.)
The green flash above actually appeared as a bright blue-white star on the  horizon for a few seconds. Blue is even less common than green and requires  extremely clear air. (Small consolation if you want to see green! The sky  is blue.) This picture was taken at Palmer Station, Antarctica.
The Earth's Shadow
After the sun has set, the sky overhead still looks blue because it is still  sunlit and still scattering sunlight. But in the east, the atmosphere is no  longer illuminated by the sun. We see the boundary as a rather sharp line  between light illuminated sky and dark blue sky. This boundary, which is  actually the shadow of the earth cast on the atmosphere, is sometimes called the Girdle of Venus.
The earth's shadow is seen here as a blue band grading sharply into    pink. Note that the full moon is very close to the boundary, hence    exactly opposite the Sun. So it should be no surprise that there was an    eclipse of the moon a few hours later.
From an airliner, the earth's shadow can be seen sloping down toward the sun.  The curvature of the earth's horizon is just barely visible from an airliner at  10 kilometers altitude.
On high mountain peaks, not only is the earth's shadow visible, but the shadow  of the mountain itself.
Crepuscular Rays
"Crepuscular" actually means "pertaining to twilight." I heard a talk on  mountain lions once that described them as crepuscular. Fortunately, just  because you see crepuscular rays doesn't mean there's a mountain lion lurking  nearby. Usually. These rays are most dramatic near sunrise or sunset, hence the  name.
These wonderfully picturesque rays are due to scattering. Dust or water droplets  in the air are illuminated by the sun and scatter sunlight while shadowed areas  do not. Light also scatters through the thin edges of clouds, making them bright  white, while the same scattering prevents light from penetrating through the  thick parts of the clouds, leaving them darkly silhouetted.
The rays are actually parallel but appear to radiate away from the    sun because of perspective.
Crepuscular rays over water are sometimes said to be the sun drawing    water up into the clouds. Nonsense.
Anti-Crepuscular Rays
Now here's some nicely confused terminology. Strictly speaking,  anti-crepuscular should mean the opposite of twilight - in other words, rays you  see at noon. However, you can only see these from the ground when the anti-solar  point is close to the horizon, that is, near sunrise or sunset. Under the right  conditions, you can see them from an airplane any time of day.
Actually, these are crepuscular rays that cross the entire sky to    converge on the opposite horizon. Again, the rays are parellel and the    convergence is a perspective effect. Shadows can penetrate hundreds of    miles across the atmosphere, so these rays can be created by clouds or    distant mountains far beyond the horizon, up to hundreds of kilometers    away. They can occur in a completely    cloudless sky.
A spectacular set of anti-crepuscular rays.
Anti-crepuscular rays seen from an airplane looking down into a hazy    sky.
Rainbows
The poet Keats once lamented that science had explained the rainbow and robbed  it of its mystery:
There was an awful rainbow once in heaven:
We know her woof, her texture; she is given
In the dull catalogue of common things.
Philosophy will clip an angelā€™s wings. (Lamia. Part ii)
As a scientist, I can look at a rainbow and see all the beauty that Keats  saw, plus I can see things he could not. For one thing, every single rainbow is unique and no two people ever see exactly the same rainbow. For that matter,  you never see the exact same rainbow for more than a split second.
The only thing that matters with a rainbow is the angle between the sun, the  drop and your eye. Distance doesn't enter into it at all. So it's possible to  see a continuous rainbow formed by droplets from a distant rainstorm, a nearer  waterfall, and a nearby fountain.
Rainbow over Niagara Falls
Even though a rainbow isn't a real physical object, this one can be    seen faintly reflected in the water. The explanation is below.
In theory a rainbow should make a complete circle. Inverted bows are    rarely seen from commercial airliners. To see one, you'd have to be    flying through sunlit rain. Here a rain shower is illuminated just right    to see that the rainbow also has a lower half.
When the sun is high in the sky, rainbows are low. If the sun is    higher than 42 degrees, the rainbow is below the horizon.
The drops can be any distance away and it is common to see rainbows    in front of distant objects.
The whole pot of gold business is a reflection of the fact that the    rainbow is a purely optical effect and has no real physical location. So    you can never get to the end of one.
A rainbow isn't a physically real object, merely a cone of drops that refracts  light back to our eyes at a particular angle. Nevertheless, it's possible to see  rainbows reflected in water under the right conditions. How can that be?
The answer is that it's different drops that produce the reflected  rainbow. These drops refract light on a path that would normally miss you  completely, except that it's reflected to your eye.
Secondary (and Higher?) Rainbows
We often see double rainbows, with a fainter bow outside the primary bow and its  colors reversed. The secondary bow is formed by light reflected twice within the  drops, and is always fainter. After all, any light that exits to form the  primary bow is no longer available to form a secondary bow.
The fact that the two bows are close together is misleading. Actually, the right  side of the primary bow corresponds to the left side of the secondary, and vice  versa. That's why the colors are reversed.
So is it possible to see a third order or tertiary rainbow? The  surprising answer is that the tertiary bow wouldn't be just outside the  secondary bow as you'd expect, but back in the direction of the sun. Light from  the primary bow gets bent through 137.5 degrees, light from the secondary bow  gets bent 231 degrees. Since we look opposite the sun (180 degrees away) to see  a rainbow, the primary bow has a radius of 180 - 137.5 = 42.5 degrees and the  secondary bow has a radius of 231 - 180 = 51 degrees. That's why they appear  close together. Light from the tertiary bow gets bent 317.5 degrees, so the bow  is only 42.5 degrees from the sun. It's in a completely different part of the  sky.
To see a tertiary bow, you'd have to be looking through rain toward the sun, and  there's a lot of glare in that direction. I've tried on several occasions  without success. There are a few claimed sightings but no photographs. To make  matters worse, the fourth order bow overlaps the third order bow but with  reversed colors, meaning anything you do see will be washed out.
High order "rainbows" can be observed in the lab. Not the entire bow, but rays  of light that have been internally reflected many times. A drop of water and a  laser will do it.
Fogbows and Cloud Bows
In principle, water droplets in clouds should produce rainbows. In practice,  when particles are very tiny, light experiences a process called diffraction that produces colored halos around each droplet. These colored halos smear out  any rainbow colors, so all you can see is a diffuse white arc.
At left center is a fogbow on distant low clouds. The arc is    sharply defined but lacks color. The nearest part of the fog bank is    maybe half a mile away, but the horizon is many miles away.    Nevertheless, the bow extends right to the horizon.
Coronas
Coronas are fairly simple. They are colored rings around the sun or moon, caused  when water droplets or ice crystals refract light passing through them. The bend  angle isn't large so the colors are always very close to the sun or moon.
The droplets don't have to be far away to create the effect. A    fogged up window pane will do it nicely.
Ice Halos
Ice can both reflect and refract light and the range of optical effects produced  by ice is enormous. Ice crystals can vary in shape and can produce special  effects if the air is still and the ice crystals have some specific orientation.  Some of the more common effects are shown below. Halos are due to refraction  through the ice crystals. Sun pillars and parhelic circles are due to reflection  off vertical and horizontal faces of the ice crystals. These appear when the air  is calm because any turbulence would cause the ice crystals to be randomly  oriented.
This picture, tinted green by window glass, shows a 22 degree halo    and a rarely seen small halo. The cause of the small halo is not certain    but may be due to unusual crystalline forms of ice that form at    extremely low temperatures.
Here we have a very intense 22 degree halo and sun dog plus a sun    pillar. These are due to wind-blown snow and thus end not far above the    horizon.
A spectacular sun pillar seen from an aircraft.
Flying above a cirrus cloud layer may present the opportunity to    observe a halo in the clouds below.
Sometimes, thin cirrus layers below your plane will have ice    crystals all with similar orientations that reflect the sun like a    mirror. Sometimes an anti-sun will be so bright it can even have    its own sundogs.
The Glory
Air travelers commonly see the shadow of their airplane surrounded by colored  rings. This phenomenon, the glory, is fairly complex. When light hits a  water droplet at a grazing angle, some of it is refracted into the droplet and  some travels along the surface. The refracted light bounces off the back of the  droplet and exits on the other side, where it encounters the light traveling  along the surface. If the light waves are in step, they add up (called constructive interference). Other waves are out of step and cancel out  (called destructive interference). The wavelengths that experience  constructive interference show up as colored rings.
We can see from this that:
Glories only occur in water droplet clouds. If you see one, you know the   clouds are made up of water droplets. They are most often seen during   takeoffs and landings.
They depend on the size of the droplets so are quite variable.
If your plane is far from the clouds, it no longer casts a shadow. As seen  from the clouds, your plane is silhouetted against the sun, but doesn't cover  it. Nevertheless, the glory still appears as a series of colored rings.
In this photo, the glory appears under the wing near the left edge    and a faint cloud bow appears extending vertically below the rightmost    wing pod.
Before air travel, the only way to see this effect was to be on a mountain  peak with the sun casting your shadow onto clouds. It was rarely seen. If a  group of people observed this effect, each person saw the glory around his own  shadow. Some people think the haloes in religious art were inspired by this  effect. A mountain in Germany, the Brocken, is a place where this effect occurs  frequently because of its foggy weather, and the combination of the observer's  shadow and glory is sometimes called the Specter of the Brocken.
It sounds simple but the Specter of the Brocken is rarely seen. You    need bright sun behind you and thick fog in front. This is the only time    in my life I have ever photographed it.
Volcanic Effects
Large volcanic eruptions eject large amounts of sulfuric acid    droplets into the stratosphere. These photos were all taken after the    great eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991, although smaller eruptions can    produce short episodes of these effects. One effect is long-lasting    sunset colors extending high into the sky. Often the colors are light    purple, so this effect is called the purple light.
Intense sunset colors can persist long after sunset.
Bright glare around the sun often grades into the blue sky in a    diffuse purplish or brownish halo, called Bishop's Ring.
