Why is the sky blue?
November 26, 2009 by Jack
Supposed that you’re having a amiable picnic on a hilltop with your fellow friends and family and gazing through the vast land of sceneries, you look up to the sky and you started to wonder why is it blue and not black? Well, the answer is simple, when we look towards the sun at sunset, we see red and orange colours because the blue light has been scattered out and away from the line of sight.
Image by GettyImages
To further our understanding of “The Sky”, we need to look into the past in the time of late 16th century where geniuses like Isaac Newton arose and shows us that white light doesn’t turns out to be white at all with a light prism but an array of colors of a rainbow which it had violet, indigo, blue, green, yellow, orange and red and those colors form a spectrum. The colours of light are distinguished by their different wavelengths. The visible part of the spectrum ranges from red light with a wavelength of about 720 nm, to violet with a wavelength of about 380 nm, with orange, yellow, green, blue and indigo between.  The three different types of colour receptors in the retina of the human eye respond most strongly to red, green and blue wavelengths, giving us our colour vision.
As you can observe the image above, you’ll notice that the visible light wavelength is between 400 nm and 700nm. De facto that the shorter the wavelength, the more blue you’ll see, why? Because it was caused by Rayleigh Scattering or electromagnetic radiation by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light, which may be individual atoms or molecules. In other words, the light ray from the sun make contact with the molecules or any other microscopic debris in the atmosphere. In 1911, Einstein and his fellow colleague would put an end to this mystery of the molecules of oxygen and nitrogen in the air are sufficient to account for the scattering. They were even able to use the calculation as a further verification of Avogadro’s number when compared with observation.  The molecules are able to scatter light because the electromagnetic field of the light waves induces electric dipole moments in the molecules.
Like this:
