List Price: $14.00
Answer: Rayleigh scattering
In short, the sky is blue because of "Rayleigh scattering". But then that can give rise to more questions such as "Huh?  What is that?"
So, a better answer might be the sky is blue due to the scattering of sunlight by gas molecules in the atmosphere.
Okay, but why the color blue?  Each color of light has a particular wavelength.  Blue light happens to the be wavelength that gets scattered the most that our eyes can see.
Rayleigh scattering is named after Lord Rayleigh (also known as John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh), a British physicist who won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1904 for the co-discovery of the element Argon.
Rayleigh scattering is the scattering of an electromagnetic wave by particles smaller than the wavelength of this wave.  Sunlight is such an electromagnetic wave.  Gas molecules in the sky are such particles.  Sunlight is scattered by the gas molecules in the sky.
The sky is composed of particles mainly gas molecules, dirt, and water vapors.  Sunlight is a combination of light of all wavelengths.  It consists of the violet and blue light which has shortest wavelength, and it consists of the red light which has the longest wavelength, and it consists of all the other colors in between.
As sunlight passes through the sky, these tiny particles scatters the sunlight. Science Illustrated says "This interaction changes the trajectory of the blue wavelengths more profoundly than it does the other colors, scattering the blue light and rendering the sky blue."[1]
When the sunlight hit the gas molecule, the shortest wavelengths (violet and blue) is scattered more strongly than the other colors. Violet light is actually shorter in wavelength than blue and hence is scattered more than blue.  However, our eyes are not as sensitive to the violet range of light, so that is why we see mainly blue.
If we were to view from outer space (without an atmosphere), the sun would look white and the sky would look black.[1]
