Why is the sky blue in color?
Question #25832. Asked by apk. (Jan 02 03 6:12 AM)
Kainantu
The Earth's sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogen and oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When light  encounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scattered intensity is inversely proportional to the 4'th power of the  wavelength. This is called 'Rayleigh scattering' and it means that half the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.
That's why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16 times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is also the reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has been scattered away from the direct sunlight.
Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparent gas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength of light, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet to have a blue color.
If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in the air.
Jan 02 03, 11:22 AM
zbeckabee
Why is the sky so blue? Posted on Mar 16 08
BRY2K answers:
A clear cloudless day-time sky is blue because molecules in the air scatter blue light from the sun more than they scatter red light. When we look towards the sun at sunset, we see red and orange colours because the blue light has been scattered out and away from the line of sight.
The white light from the sun is a mixture of all colours of the rainbow. This was demonstrated by Isaac Newton, who used a prism to separate the different colours and so form a spectrum. The colours of light are distinguished by their different wavelengths.
The visible part of the spectrum ranges from red light with a wavelength of about 720 nm, to violet with a wavelength of about 380 nm, with orange, yellow, green, blue and indigo between.
The three different types of colour receptors in the retina of the human eye respond most strongly to red, green and blue wavelengths, giving us our colour vision.
When we look up at the sky, the red cones respond to the small amount of scattered red light, but also less strongly to orange and yellow wavelengths.
The green cones respond to yellow and the more strongly-scattered green and green-blue wavelengths. The blue cones are stimulated by colours near blue wavelengths which are very strongly scattered. If there were no indigo and violet in the spectrum, the sky would appear blue with a slight green tinge.
However, the most strongly scattered indigo and violet wavelengths stimulate the red cones slightly as well as the blue, which is why these colours appear blue with an added red tinge. The net effect is that the red and green cones are stimulated about equally by the light from the sky, while the blue is stimulated more strongly.
Mar 16 08, 4:55 PM
Find something useful here?  Please help us spread the word about FunTrivia.  Recommend this page below!
Share
Sign up to see all responses!
Create a Free ID instantly to see all recent responses, post your own                                                   follow-ups or questions, and access over 1,000,000 trivia questions!
Choose a User Name:
