Why Is The Sky Blue?
Why Is The Sky Blue?
For some reason, and I think it is that I have seen too many  television commercials, I assumed that all children ask that question. In  preparation for the day that M comes to me with the same question, I  researched why the sky is blue, and while I was at it, I included why  the leaves turn yellow, and a whole lot of other whys. All this was done in Japan before the explosion of the Internet, and research meant going to the local library, or a nearby bookstore, to browse for the right  book standing on your feet, and not while seated on a couch with a cup of latte in your hand.
And so, why is the sky blue? According to my research, it has  something to do with the sun’s light being scattered by dust particles  in the air. I was fully prepared for my encounter with the tiny inquisitor. Or so I hoped.
I do not know. Four short words.
I decided early on in my career as mom that if I did not have the  answer to any of M’s questions, I would admit not knowing. I was not  going to stop there though. I was going to find the answer for her, and  when she got older, I was going to help her find the answer. I made two vows to myself. One, I was never going to leave any of her questions  unanswered. Two, I was never going to tell her to ask me later because I was too busy.
I should have known better than to make promises like that. Even to myself.
Answering all of little M’s questions was easy. Before the Age of the Internet, I simply had to spend a lot of time reading in libraries and  bookstores, and after the Internet became the greatest source of  information, both accurate and inaccurate, I spent hours staring at the  computer screen.
In Lagos, there were no libraries or bookstores. At least, not in the  compound where I imprisoned myself for fear of being the latest carjack  victim. All of M’s questions then began with the interrogative pronoun “what”, and I did not have to be a rocket scientist to answer them.
While climbing up the slide, M points at a Nigerian lizard that is half a meter long, has an orange head, gray body and blue tail. They were all over the compound, and we had no need for pets.
M: What’s that?
Mommy: A baby dinosaur.
On the way to the airport, M points at the bullet proof jackets that recently arrived from Tokyo. An Australian man had been shot dead in a  carjack, and we were advised to wear the jackets when travelling to and from the airport at night. Someone must have forgotten to tell the head  office that the man was shot in the head while he was down on the  ground, in bright daylight, on his way to the beach
M: What’s that?
Mommy: The latest fashion.
Standing on a chair by the kitchen window, M points at a car swerving  on its wheels. Someone had arrived from Tokyo to teach all the drivers  defensive driving techniques.
M: What are they doing?
Mommy: Filming a movie.
The New York Public Library with its world-class collection of books  was only four cross-town blocks away from our apartment, but I was more  often to be found at the Barnes and Noble Bookstore on 53rd and Third,  sitting on a very comfortable couch with a cup of hot latte on one side,  and stacks of books on the other. Unlike the public libraries, Barnes  and Noble bookstores did not require the books to be returned to their  shelves. There were sales clerks who not only returned the books but  also cleared the empty paper cups away. They even thanked you for  coming. Being Japanese, I returned the books and threw away the cup myself,  and thanked the sales clerks for letting me sit there. And I always  bought a paperback for M. I was afraid that if no one bought anything,  Barnes and Noble would go out of business, and I would have to go to the  libraries!
I was not the only frequent visitor to Barnes and Nobles. If she was  not treasure-hunting at the museums, M was sitting on a cushion in the  children’s corner of this most child-friendly commercial establishment.  Unlike “real” New Yorkers, we did not go to the Hamptons during the  summer, and to escape the hot and humid afternoons, M and I spent hours  and hours at the air-conditioned Barnes and Noble.
In return for their hospitality, I would have liked to make a greater  contribution to their net profits, and create our very own library with ceiling-to-floor shelves full of books, but we eventually had to go  back to our rabbit hutches in Japan, and everyone knows that rabbits did  not have libraries in their hutches. Not even Peter Rabbit.
Our apartment in Tokyo hardly had space for bookshelves. Let alone a  library. For a while, I entertained the thought of buying a set of  encyclopedias. I had one as a child, and the leather-bound books looked  very impressive all lined up in the bookshelf, but in Tokyo, the  bookshelves were in our bedroom, and getting crushed to death by a set  of encyclopedias during an earthquake was not how I wanted to be  featured in the six o’clock news.
With the dawn of the Age of the Internet, all thoughts of buying  encyclopedias vanished from my head. With a laptop half the size of one  encyclopedia book, I had access to as much information as I wanted. I no  longer had to spend time in libraries and bookstores. I did not even  have to worry that English books were only available at the school  library and at English bookstores one hour away by train. Information found on the Internet was available in both English and Japanese!
The world wide web made it easier for me to uphold my second vow,  which was to always answer M’s questions no matter how busy I was. And I  had a great assistant. His name was Jeeves. All I had to do was ask  Jeeves. And he was available twenty-four hours a day, every day of the  year.
For those of you who have never met Jeeves, let me introduce him. He  lives in my laptop, and whenever I needed help answering M’s questions, I  tapped the keys of my laptop.
Giving up a corporate career did not mean abandoning my planning and  budgeting skills. I created four seven-day menus to avoid serving the  same dish in a month, and to maintain a balanced budget, I made  everything from scratch. All of which made me extremely busy in the  kitchen, especially during the late afternoon hours when I would be  preparing dinner.
The autumn air was getting chilly, and a hearty stew of pork and  vegetables in tomato sauce was scheduled for that evening’s dinner. I  was systematically peeling and slicing half a kilo of onions. The  carrots were still in the bag, and the pork was still wrapped in  plastic.
M: Why do you always cry when you peel and slice onions?
I should have guessed it was coming. I knew M was watching me from  her desk. She had stopped working when I reached for the box of tissues.  I was in tears, and M was right. Onions always made me cry, and I did  not know why.
My eyes went from the raw meat and vegetables on the kitchen counter  to the clock on the kitchen wall. A stew had to simmer for at least an  hour and a half to be perfect, but I had a vow to uphold. Time to ask  Jeeves.
Why do onions make you cry?
I typed the question on my laptop, and in a matter of seconds, Jeeves  told me where I could find the answers. M and I sat around the screen  of the laptop, and learned all about onions, and ways to prevent them  from making Mommy cry. Jeeves was always glad to help, and at the end of  every answer, he never fails to invite us to view the questions that  other people ask. It was often very difficult to turn Jeeves down, and  that evening, we had dinner much later than usual.
Why do onions make you cry?
Well, when onions are sliced, they release an upwardly mobile gas.  When that gas encounters the water that keeps the eyes moist, sulfuric  acid is produced, and as the acid irritates the eyes, the tear ducts  release more water to wash away the irritant.
Just ask Jeeves.
