Work Cited
Statement of Problem
For my project I am doing, "Why is the sky blue?"   I will be stating the answer to why is the sky blue, and showing an experiment on why the sky is blue.  I will also be explaining why the sky turns other colors too, like red.  Some of you might think this is a silly question to be asking in the seventh grade, and truthfully, it probably is, but it's a simple question with a complex answer.
My hypothesis to why the sky is blue is that when light rays come through the Earth's atmosphere they get split up into different colors and these colors start to bounce off molecules in the Earth's atmosphere.  Now, blue has the shortest wavelength, so the color blue bounces the most of other molecules so we see blue over the other colors of light.
I have a personal reason to research the topic of why the sky is blue.  I'm researching this topic because when I was younger I would always ask my mom or dad why the sky is blue. The answer that I'd get would be some complex mumbo jumbo, or a simple "because".  Neither of these answer would please me.  So I'd ask again and again only to get the same answers.  So now I ask myself why is the sky blue and hope to get a somewhat reasonable answer to this first grade question.
Review of Literature
Here is some important  information about the atmosphere you need to know to explain why is the sky blue.  The atmosphere is made up of different materials. Seventy-eight percent of the atmosphere is made of nitrogen. Twenty-one percent of the atmosphere is made up of oxygen.  There are also other things in the atmosphere like argon gas, water and small solid particles like dust, soot, ashes, pollen, and some salt from the ocean.  There are different layers to the atmosphere.  As you can see, the atmosphere is  very complex.
Here is some information about the sunlight.  Sunlight normally travels in a straight line as long as it's not disturbed.  When light from the sun travels through the atmosphere it's unaffected until it bumps into a bit of dust,  gas molecule, and other substances.  Light is a kind of energy that radiates, or travels in waves, just like how sound vibrates in waves.  When you see sunlight, you are actually seeing light energy vibrating electric and magnetic fields.  This is a part of a larger range of vibrating electromagnetic fields.  This range is called the electromagnetic spectrum (Why Is The Sky Blue? Page #1).  These waves travel at 186,282 miles per second also known as the speed of light.  The light that we can see in the electromagnetic spectrum is called visible light.  When you look at light you are really seeing a combination of different colors.  These colors include red with a wavelength of about 650 nanometers (nm), yellow with a wavelength of about 570nm, green with a wavelength of about 510nm, blue with a wavelength of about 475nm, indigo, and violet (What Wavelength Goes With A Color? All Pages).  Each of these colors have different frequencies.  Violet has the shortest wavelength with a large amount of energy and a high frequency.  Red on the other hand, is the exact opposite with a long wavelength, a small amount of energy, and a low frequency.  While traveling through the atmosphere, light bumps into different things.  The sunlight will probably run into dust particles and water droplets both of which are larger than wavelengths of visible light.  When light hits these particles, it gets reflected into different directions.  All colors reflect from the same particle the same way.  Do note though,  that while the light particles are bouncing off of these particles the light still remains its original color (white) because all of the different colors of light get reflected the same way making them stay together.  So, they remain their original color white.  There are also other materials in the atmosphere such as gas molecules.  Gas molecules are smaller than the wavelength of visible light.  When light bumps into them, light is   dispersed.  Light waves are dispersed into different directions.  Unlike water droplets and dust particles which reflect all light waves the same way the gas molecules disperse  the light waves differently depending on the color.  For gas molecules higher frequencies like blues, are dispersed more often than lower frequencies like red.  This process of how gas molecules disperse light energy is called Rayleigh's scattering named after Lord John Rayleigh, an English physician who first described it in the 1870's (The New Encyclopedia Britannica page #964).
Now here is the answer you have been waiting for.  The sky is blue for a couple of reasons.  When light goes through the atmosphere most of the longer wavelengths pass straight through the atmosphere.  This means that most of the red, orange, and yellows are not affected by the atmosphere.  Most of the shorter wavelengths, blue, indigo and violet are dispersed in the atmosphere.  So the dispersed light is radiated into different directions being scattered all over. This means that the dispersed shorter wavelengths are directed directly to your eyes while the longer wavelengths keep on going not reaching your eyes directly. You may look at this and say that this tells you the sky is blue, indigo and violet.  You see a blue sky because in the back of your eyes there are cone shaped   receptors which respond to red, green and blue light.  The cones that respond to blue light are more sensitive than the other cones.  So, when light enters your eyes it stimulates the cones receive the blue light the most.  The other colors, indigo, and violet are still seen by the eyes.  The indigo and violet colors stimulate the red and green receptors almost equally creating white light.  So, when you add the blue and the white light you get a light shade of blue (Why Is the Sky Blue, Daddy? Page #5).  Now you know why is the sky blue
The sky isn't only one color.  Have you ever looked at the sky at sunrise or sunset and seen the orangish color in the sky?   This is because when the sun sets or rises, light must travel farther through the atmosphere before it reaches you.  So more light is reflected and scattered.  As less light reaches you directly the sun appears less bright.   Since the shorter wavelengths (blues and violets) are scattered even more, only the longer wavelengths reach you directly, making the sky appear reddish, orange.  When you go up about 100,000 feet into the atmosphere, the sky turns black because there is no atmosphere, meaning there is no scattered light to reach your eyes.  Another interesting  fact is that on Mars large amounts of dust in the atmosphere produce the scattering of the longer, red wavelengths making the atmosphere look red, unlike our blue sky.   The sky may turn red on Earth too when there is  a large amount of pollution in an area emitting a large amount of soot and dirt in the air from smoke stacks.  So now you know all the colors of the sky.
Experimental Design
By now you should know a lot about our sky.  You know all about sunlight, and some of the components of the atmosphere.  You also know a lot about Rayleigh's scattering.  If you had any trouble learning from my report there are some added pictures to this page and if you would like to know where all of this information came from you can check my work-cited page at the end of this report.
This information can be a little confusing.  That is why I think it will be easiest to show I an experiment to clear it up for you.
This experiment is meant to show you why the sky is blue.  It is called Sky In a Jar (all information of this project is from, Why Is The Sky Blue page 11) . To do this experiment you will need a clear straight sided glass or a plastic one, water, milk, some measuring spoons, a flashlight, and a dark room.  Now that we have all aor materials we can do the experiment.  First, I will need to fill the glass jug about ¾ of the way full.  Now, add about ½ a teaspoon of milk and stir.  In the dark room shine a flashlight through the glass from the top and observe from the side.  The color should have a bluish color.  If you put the flashlight at the side of the glass and look directly at it from the opposite side I should see a reddish color.  If you hold the flashlight under the glass and look through it from the top the water will appear an even darker red.
