Why is the Sky Blue?
Welcome! I’m Justin, an astrophysicist, mathematician, programmer, occasional trance music producer, and overall guy that for some reason likes to impart his random knowledge on helpless others.
I decided to start this blog after I was tutoring a guy taking an online astronomy class probably for elective credit. He was learning about properties of asteroids, but he wasn’t really learning as much as just flipping through his notes and book for the right answer. I realized then that most people probably don’t care to learn about asteroids. Hell, I don’t really care about asteroids myself. But I feel like people should know about the world around them, and about the things they interact with every day. Even if a simple thing seems irrelevant, it’s that feeling of actually learning something, that spark of understanding, that I want to try and motivate. Even if you just casually mention something simple to a friend as some random fact you learned that day, that’s what matters, that’s what makes us human. And we interact so much with our own nature and reality, why not try to understand a bit of it?
Which brings us back to the title: Why is the sky blue? I’ve done many astronomy talks, and when I ask this I usually just get back blank stares. I mean, the sky is always blue, day after day, year after year, for our entire lives, haven’t you ever wondered why?
I’ll back up a second here first, because we have to understand something about white light. White light is actually composed of all the colors we can see. So if you took red and green and blue and everything in between and mixed them all together, you’ll get white. The light from our Sun is actually white (when viewed from space).
Getting back to the question, our sky is blue because of our atmosphere, that mixture of nitrogen and oxygen above us and everywhere around us. When the white light from our Sun comes through our atmosphere, all of those air molecules (specifically the oxygen) scatter the blue light. That makes it look like blue light is coming from everywhere in the sky, and the Sun looks more yellowish.
Now a common misconception is that the sky is blue because our oceans are blue, like this picture of the Earth from space:
Beautiful, isn’t it? But actually, it’s exactly the opposite: Our oceans are blue because our sky is blue! It’s the blue light reflecting back off of the water. Tell me, if you pour yourself a glass of water, or go to an indoor swimming pool, is it blue? Why of course not, it’s clear! It’s just that the surface of water is very reflective, so when you have a lot of water like in oceans, it will reflect a lot of light.
So now you know why the sky is blue! See? It’s not really that big of a mystery, it’s just an understanding of a little science. Which is what most of these posts will be. I honestly don’t know how often I’ll post, I’ll try for once or twice a week, but no promises, I may be random at times. My posts will tend to be science or astronomy-oriented, although I’ll also digress into some math or computing if I feel like it, since I really like that stuff too. I’m also open to feedback! Leave comments if anything still doesn’t make sense or seems incorrect. But leave comments anyways if you like it. And if there’s something you’ve been dying to know about the universe we live in, let me know and I’ll answer it here! The one complaint I have from doing talks on astronomy is that I never get enough questions.
If you want to learn about how other things work at a slightly higher level you should go here: http://www.howstuffworks.com/
If you like science blogs like this then you should also check out the blog of my friend Erin: http://tattooedscience.blogspot.com/
If you’re in need of an awesome photographer then you should check out some photos by my awesome girlfriend (who’s the photographer): http://betweentheacts.weebly.com/
Tune in next time!
