Home » Random thoughts » Why is the sky blue?
Why is the sky blue?
Date: June 28, 2011  Author: ikester7579
This post will be an illustration of how scientists love to hold on to old ideas because they never like to admit that their science might be wrong.
The first steps towards correctly explaining the colour of the sky were taken by John Tyndall in 1859. His idea is illustrated in the picture below.
John Tyndall discovered that when light passes through a clear fluid holding small particles in suspension, the shorter blue wavelengths are scattered more strongly than the red.  This can be demonstrated by shining a beam of white light through a tank of water with a little milk or soap mixed in.  From the side, the beam can be seen by the blue light it scatters; but the light seen directly from the end is reddened after it has passed through the tank.  The scattered light can also be shown to be polarised using a filter of polarised light, just as the sky appears a deeper blue through polaroid sun glasses.
This is most correctly called the Tyndall effect, but it is more commonly known to physicists as Rayleigh scattering—after Lord Rayleigh, who studied it in more detail a few years later.  He showed that the amount of light scattered is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength for sufficiently small particles.  It follows that blue light is scattered more than red light by a factor of (700/400)4 ~= 10.
Reference: http://www.desy.de/user/projects/Physics/General/BlueSky/blue_sky.html
Here are some problems with this:
1) Why is it only the sun’s light that makes the sky blue, why not the moon also? Is not the reflected light of the moon white light? After all it was said on that page I referenced to that a white light shined into soapy water will do this, so intense light is not needed for this effect.
2) Why is not every sunset red? If this were the rule (as in the picture) then it would apply every sunset every time.
3) Why does there seem to be depth perception in what is making the sky blue?
4) Why are clouds, which are way up in the atmosphere “never” effected by this color wavelength effect? The only time a cloud turns blue is when it’s full of rain or a cloud of smoke can be sometimes blue.
So what is it that’s beyond the clouds that cause the blue effect that makes the sky blue? The ozone layer picture from space answers these questions.
Answers to questions above:
1) Because the sun’s light makes the ozone glow blue (makes the oxygen molecules excited). The moon cannot reflect all that the sun puts out (all the different rays and radiation etc…).
2) Because the light scattering effect is not what causes this. Or it would be the rule of what happens every sunset.
3) Because instead of light scattering causing this, it’s the ozone layer which can be clearly seen as blue from space. And because it’s one of the outer layers of the atmosphere.
4) Because the “blue” ozone layer is beyond the clouds and is part of the outer atmosphere.
Back when Tyndall and Lord Rayleigh came up with their ideas. A look from space back at our atmosphere was not possible. They could not see the separation in our atmosphere (last picture), from a side angle, that shows the ozone layer glowing a blue color.
To be more exact about this problem, how would either idea work in space to cause the ozone layer to turn blue? So what color does oxygen produce when the molecules are excited inside a neon tube when energy is applied?
Blue is a strong color in the light spectra of oxygen, which is what the ozone layer consists of. Now back to the tests that were conducted. Water has a tendency to be blue anyway.
Putting soap into the water only helped it become blue.
