no, really - why is the sky blue?
Mangetout
12-05-2005, 05:53 PM
no, really - why is the sky blue?
Air particles scatter light; their range of sizes means they scatter short wavelengths (blue) more than long ones (red), so when you're not looking at the light source, you're seeing only that light that is being reflected/scattered - the blue components.  This is also the reason why smoke appears blue and why sunsets appear red.
LiveOnAPlane
12-05-2005, 07:17 PM
I'm not trying to be snarky here.  But this is a question my daughter asked me when I was preoccupied with reading something or other.
I said, "Raliegh Scattering." Next thing I heard was her going, "Maaaaaa...what'd he say?"
Sorry, but the joke is on me.
Anyway, from Here  (http://www.enchantedlearning.com/subjects/astronomy/glossary/indexr.shtml)
Raleigh scattering is the phenomenon in which light is scattered by objects small in relation to the wavelength of the light. For example, the scattering of sunlight by gas molecules in the atmosphere is caused by Raleigh scattering of blue light. Raleigh scattering is named for the British physicist John William Strutt Lord Rayleigh (1842-1919).
Shakes
12-06-2005, 02:26 AM
I'm gonna go ahaead and throw this question in here since the OP was brave enough to post the first one.
What color does the sun look like from space? (Or outside our atosphere?)
White?
slaphead
12-06-2005, 03:52 AM
I'm gonna go ahaead and throw this question in here since the OP was brave enough to post the first one.
What color does the sun look like from space? (Or outside our atosphere?)
White?
Interesting question which I have never really considered.  A quick google shows that the sun is a Type G star.  This type has a temperature of 5000K-6000K and a colour of white to yellow.
Here (http://casa.colorado.edu/~ajsh/colour/Tspectrum.html) , it says the sun has an effective temp of 5780K and
relative to the D65 white that the Sun is peachy pink. Item 16 of the Color FAQ states that for most people D65 has a little hint of blue. So maybe the Sun is really white?
Only one way to find out, I guess.  Better make a booking for one of those Virgin space tourism trips....
Just
12-06-2005, 05:48 AM
Okay, so short wavelengths get scattered more than long ones. But if that's the case, why isn't the sky violet? I vaguely remember from high school physics that the wavelengths of different colours go in the order ROYGBIV. Or is the sky blue because there's still a little bit of the shorter wavelength colours being scattered, and the sum of them all happens to be somewhere in the middle (B)?
GingerOfTheNorth
Dad's answer: "I don't know, go ask your mother."
CalMeacham
12-06-2005, 07:34 AM
My daughter asked me this one this morning. Rather than get into Rayleigh scattering, I pointed out that Leonardo da Vinci had noted in hs noebooks that light scattered by smoke was blue, so he figured that the sky was blue because of such scattering. We know today that most of the scattering isn't from smoke, but from the air molecules themselves.
She digested this a moment, then said "And the water in it, too!"
Thenm she asked me why grass was green, so that started a discussion of chlorophyll, and what other colrs plants could be, and the observation that red cabbage isn't green.
CurtC
12-06-2005, 09:47 AM
But if that's the case, why isn't the sky violet?That's an excellent question. I believe I recall that there is more blue, because there isn't that much violet in sunlight, and/or your eyes are not as sensitive to violet light. Seems like I read this in the book Bad Astronomy. Phil, you still lurking here?
CalMeacham
12-06-2005, 09:53 AM
Okay, so short wavelengths get scattered more than long ones. But if that's the case, why isn't the sky violet? I vaguely remember from high school physics that the wavelengths of different colours go in the order ROYGBIV. Or is the sky blue because there's still a little bit of the shorter wavelength colours being scattered, and the sum of them all happens to be somewhere in the middle (B)?
CurtC prettyy much nailed it -- your eye's senstivity peaks in the green and is already tailing off by the time you get to violet. On top of which, as someone pointed out on another thread, there's less violet light in sunlight at sea level than of other colors.
There's a calculation of the observed color, based upon the inverse fourth power of scattering, the observed makeup of sunlight, and the tristimulus color theory in Warren J. Smith's book Modern Optical Engineering. You work through the numbers, and it comes out bluish-white, as observed.
DarrenS
Question answered by Cecil (http://www.straightdope.com/classics/a810828b.html) and by The Bad Astronomer (http://www.badastronomy.com/bad/misc/blue_sky.html).
Xema
12-06-2005, 10:31 AM
Raleigh scattering is the phenomenon in which light is scattered by objects small in relation to the wavelength of the light. For example, the scattering of sunlight by gas molecules in the atmosphere is caused by Raleigh scattering of blue light. Raleigh scattering is named for the British physicist John William Strutt Lord Rayleigh (1842-1919).
Makes you wonder who Rayleigh scattering is named for.
Chronos
12-06-2005, 02:08 PM
I'm gonna go ahaead and throw this question in here since the OP was brave enough to post the first one.
What color does the sun look like from space? (Or outside our atosphere?)
White?For that matter, the Sun appears white through the atmosphere, too, as long as it's not going through too much of it (i.e., not near sunrise or sunset).  It's only by contrast with the rest of the blue sky that it appears yellow.
And has anyone told MilliCal lately that she's very smart?
HMS Irruncible
12-06-2005, 03:07 PM
no, really - why is the sky blue?
Well, at least according to this guy, the simple explanation is because air is blue.   Seriously.
http://www.amasci.com/miscon/miscon4.html#blu
Why is the sky blue? Usually the books start going on about wavelengths of light, Tyndall effect, and Rayleigh scattering. First they teach some correct but complicated physics. Then they use it to explain blue sky and sunsets. But what happens when you don't understand the physics? Doesn't this make their explanation useless? And do you just give up?
They're wrong: you don't need complicated physics to understand this. The sky is blue for a very simple reason:
AIR IS NOT A TRANSPARENT MATERIAL. INSTEAD IT IS BLUE!
The sky is blue for much the same reason that a cloud of powder is white. Powder isn't invisible. Throw some dust into the air on a sunny day and you'll see a visible white cloud. But what happens if you could throw some AIR? You might think that a cloud of air would be invisible. You'd be wrong. Air isn't invisible, instead it's a powdery-blue substance.
It's true that small amounts of air are almost perfectly transparent. So are small amounts of water. Go to an opaque muddy river or pond and use a cup to dip out some water. The water looks fairly clear, no? Yet the deep river is opaque brown. When you try to look through ten cups of water, or a hundred cups, the water seems to turn into brown paint. Yet a single cup of river water almost looks clean.
Chronos
12-06-2005, 03:12 PM
Sigh.  If air were itself blue, then sunsets would be bluer than the noon sun, not redder.  Criticizing the correct physics explanation with "what if you don't understand that" is idiotic.  And the alternate explanation there doesn't explain anything at all.
ombre3
So ------would the sky also be blue on Mars?
If not-----why not?
danceswithcats
12-06-2005, 09:10 PM
Too many songs and poems have been written about it to consider alteration at this point.  Now eat your peas and go to bed. :D
bizzwire
12-06-2005, 09:40 PM
Here's a good and easy way to demonstrate what has been covered above.
Get yerself a glass of water and put a couple of drops of milk in it.
This will represent the atmosphere, and the small droplets of milkfat are "dust"`
Now, shine a flashlight (incandescent bulbs work better than LEDs) through the glass.  As you may have guessed, the flashlight is the sun.  Viewed from any angle except straight on, the beam of light will appear bluish, since these wavelengths are scattered more than the longer ones.  However, if you look through the glass directly at the flashlight, you will go blind.  Just kidding.  The light will appear more reddish than bluish because the shorter(blue) light has been scattered, leaving more of the longer wavelength (reddish) light.
Science.  It's the best.
clairobscur
12-07-2005, 07:23 AM
Sorry, but I still don't understand why the sunset/sunrise is red. Could someone elaborate about this?
CalMeacham
12-07-2005, 07:42 AM
Sorry, but I still don't understand why the sunset/sunrise is red. Could someone elaborate about this?
It's the flip side of wehy the sky is blue. If the sky is blue because short wavelength light is preferentuially filtered out, then direct sunlight has an excess of red light. When the light traverses more atmosphere than normal (as near sunrise and sunset) more blue light g4ets scattered out than when it's overhead, and the sun appears more red.
There are cases of anomalous scattering, where the situation is reversed, and more red light gets scattered out and more  light gets transmitted. This can happen when you have a lot of spherical particles all around 1 micronm in diameter, made of droplets of organic oils, or spherical dust particles. When that happens you can have a bluish or greenish sun. (Or moon, hence the expression "blue moon"). This rarely happens, justifying the expression "Once in a blue moon". I have an article on this coming out in a couple of months in [i]Optics and Photonics News (And don't bother telling me about the "two full moons in a month/four full moons in a quarter" explanations, or what Cecil said. That's covered in there, too.)
Citizen Bob
12-12-2005, 06:19 PM
Sorry, but I still don't understand why the sunset/sunrise is red. Could someone elaborate about this?Reiterated: The sun produces the full spectrum of light (aka - white light [Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, [Indigo], Violet)- there may be a peak at some color, but it is not grossly predominant - yellow is at the center of our sensitivity). The unfettered full spectrum of light reaches our outer atmosphere.  The atmosphere removes higher frequency light first (aka - violet, then blue, then green, etc.).  The more atmosphere the light has to traverse before it gets to you, the more violet, blue, green, etc that is removed. Thus, for a sunset/sunrise, the light has to travel cross-ways through the atmosphere to get to you,, so remove violet, blue, green, yellow, orange, and what's left... red.
ombre3
So ------would the sky also be blue on Mars?
If not-----why not?
I think the sky on Mars has been proven to be reddish.  ---------Because the planet is reddish I guess.
Shouldn't the sky on Mars be blue, like on Earth, if most all the preceding posts are true?
DrFidelius
12-12-2005, 08:14 PM
I think the sky on Mars has been proven to be reddish.  ---------Because the planet is reddish I guess.
Shouldn't the sky on Mars be blue, like on Earth, if most all the preceding posts are true?
Not so much "proven" as "we have photos." As I recall, it was quite the surprise back in the Viking day.
Mars' sky was expected to be dark blue to black.  But, it turned out that the atmosphere is not thick enough to cause Raleigh scattering.  The salmon pink colour is caused by suspended dust.
(To answer the OP, belatedly.  If you follow Intelligent Design, the sky is blue because God wanted it to be blue.  If you are a materialist, the sky is blue because of Raleigh scattering.  Reasonable people can see that these are not mutually exclusive.)  (Why yes, I did steal that from somewhere.)
Ponster
12-13-2005, 03:42 AM
While I'm sure it had something to do with Nationalistic teachings in Uni, I was always thought that the effect was due to Tyndall Scattering (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tyndall_effect).
Rayleigh worked out the math but wasn't the first to correctly explain why the sky is blue.
MacGyverInSeattle
12-13-2005, 06:58 PM
Well, at least according to this guy, the simple explanation is because air is blue.   Seriously.
I absolutely agree, in my environmental chemistry class we did several experiments with liquid oxygen; It is the most perfect transparent sky blue color you will ever see outside the sky.
There are two questions here really, why is the sky bright and not dark like in space? And why is that brightness blue and not white like sunlight?
The answer to the first one is atmospheric dust scattering. Like headlights hitting a dirty windshield at night.
The answer to the second is above.
Stranger On A Train
12-13-2005, 07:35 PM
I absolutely agree, in my environmental chemistry class we did several experiments with liquid oxygen; It is the most perfect transparent sky blue color you will ever see outside the sky.There's only one problem with your theory.  It's wrong.
Diatomic oxygen only makes up slightly less than 21% of dry atmospheric gases.  Diatomic nitrogen, at 78%, makes up the largest part of the gas, and argon is most of the rest, with other trace elements and compounds filling in the gap. "Wet" air will contain water vapor, i.e. dihydrogen monoxide in gaseous state, which will make the the sky appear pale and fuzzy.  (This is why the sky on a cold, dry winter day, or in the desert, appears to be a much deeper blue.)  The blue hue of the sky, as previously explained, is due to Rayleigh scattering.  If you want a more complete explaination of that, check out any basic physics text.  This isn't some arcane, untested hypothesis; light scattering is an essential part of atmospheric optics and is used by visual astronomers and lens designers every day.
It's also a band name (http://rayleighscattering.com/).
So please, no disemenation of tin-foil-hat-ism's here without a rational explanation based on known physics.
Stranger
12-13-2005, 08:40 PM
There's only one problem with your theory.  It's wrong.
I believe both reasons are at work here, I have quite a good physics and optics background myself and have no problem with the Rayleigh scattering causing shorter  wave lengths to be reflected preferentially, but my whole point is that the color of a blue sky is *exactly* the same color of oxygen. I have never seen anything else that is such a perfect "sky blue" in nature. Air which is obviously about 78% clear nitrogen neither adds nor detracts from the oxygen color we observe.
I will agree with your theory, but until you have observed liquid oxygen for yourself and compared it to the color of an unpolluted sky don't tell me I am wrong, the color match is far too close to be coincidental
antechinus
12-13-2005, 09:11 PM
I absolutely agree, in my environmental chemistry class we did several experiments with liquid oxygen; It is the most perfect transparent sky blue color you will ever see outside the sky.
The reason for the blue colour in liquid oxygen is due to the absorption of a photon of red light SIMULTANEOUSLY by two molecules of ground state (triplet) oxygen.
2 triplet oxygen + hv -> 2 singlet oxygen
In air at atmospheric pressure the chances of two oxygen molecules simultaneously getting a piece of action from a single photon are 'bugger-all'.
MacGyverInSeattle
12-13-2005, 09:45 PM
The reason for the blue colour in liquid oxygen is due to the absorption of a photon of red light SIMULTANEOUSLY by two molecules of ground state (triplet) oxygen. 2 triplet oxygen + hv -> 2 singlet oxygen
In air at atmospheric pressure the chances of two oxygen molecules simultaneously getting a piece of action from a single photon are 'bugger-all'.
Ok I capitulate, the Rayleighs have it. The perfect color match is completely chance. :D
clairobscur
Thanks for the responses re. sunset/sunrise.
Stranger On A Train
12-13-2005, 10:11 PM
The reason for the blue colour in liquid oxygen is due to the absorption of a photon of red light SIMULTANEOUSLY by two molecules of ground state (triplet) oxygen.
2 triplet oxygen + hv -> 2 singlet oxygenTo further expand on that, here (http://chemed.chem.purdue.edu/genchem/demosheets/14.2.html) is a detailed explaination.  Note: "This transition is not observed in small amounts of oxygen gas at low pressures due to the very low probability of this three-body process."
And the sky is not one uniform hue of blue; it varies from pale blue-white at low altitudes and high humidity to an inky navy blue that mountaineers are familiar with.    I'll note that, on a clear day, when I look from Santa Monica Pier to Santa Catalina Island, it does not appear blue or blue-tinted.  Nor do the land masses of Earth, as seen from space, appear to be tinted blue.
Feynman's Lectures, Vol. I, Lect. 32, Pgs 6-9 have an extensive explaination of light scattering in the atmosphere:
...if we take the case of light in the air, we remember that for air the natural frequencies of the oscillators are higher than the frequency of the light that we use.  This means that, to a first approximation, we can disregard [omega]2 in the denominator, and we find that the scattering is proportional to the fourth power of the frequency.  That is to say, light which is of higher frequency by, say, a factor of two, is sixteen times more intensly scattered, which is a quite sizable difference.  This means that blue light, which has about twice the frequency of the reddish end of the spectrum, is scattered to a far greater extend than red light.  Thus when we look at the sky it looks that glorious blue that we see all the time!
There are other aspects than alter the color of the sky, i.e. suspended particulates, absorption by ozone, et cetera, but dry atmospheric air at anything like STP is, for all intents and purposes, colorless.
I'm not clear on what your "good physics and optics background" is, MacGuyverInSeattle, but if you are going to mount a challenge against the conventional explaination, the theory of which is in wide application, you need to extend more than a "because I say so" qualification of you hypothesis.
Stranger
MacGyverInSeattle
12-13-2005, 10:30 PM
I'm not clear on what your "good physics and optics background" is, MacGuyverInSeattle, but if you are going to mount a challenge against the conventional explaination, the theory of which is in wide application, you need to extend more than a "because I say so" qualification of you hypothesis.
Stranger
Why does everyone have to spell MacGyver with a u?
My background is a 6 year Chemical engineering degree and several years of optical design in very specific wavelenghts of ultraviolet, I have never spent much time investigating my observations so I give in, you are right, the earth's land obviously does not appear blue from space http://www.btinternet.com/~fireballxl5/space/earth/ so that kills it.  :rolleyes:
vBulletin® v3.7.3, Copyright ©2000-2012, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.
