Print this article
The Age Old Question
What query posed by children is sure to make grownups stammer and stall? Surprisingly, it does not involve the birds and the bees. Actually, it's the mystery of the blue sky that makes children curious, and confounds embarrassed adults who may have never received a good explanation themselves. The reason the sky is blue is simple, but maybe not what you'd guess.
The Atmosphere is Composed of Gases and Particles
Earth's atmosphere is made mostly of nitrogen and oxygen, a small amount of water vapor and other gases. The atmosphere also contains particles of ash, pollen and soot. Nitrogen and oxygen affect the blueness of the sky. The particles in the air affect how intensely blue it is.
Sunlight Contains All Colors of Light
The sun's energy spans the electromagnetic spectrum, from gamma rays to radio waves.  In the middle of  that spectrum is visible light, including violet, indigo, blue, green, yellow, orange and red. The sun's light shines outward in all directions, but from the perspective of an Earth dweller, the sun's light waves travel toward the earth in a straight path.
Blue Light in the Sky Comes From the Sun
Sunlight contains all colors of light, but we see them together as white light. We only see separate colors of light when the light is separated. Sometimes light is separated by prism-like substances such as water droplets in a rainbow. More commonly we see separate colors when light shines on an object, since all objects absorb some colors of light and reflect others. For instance, a blue ball absorbs red and green light and reflects blue light. And then, there's yet another phenomenon that separates light--atoms can absorb light and emit it again.
Oxygen and Nitrogen Absorb and Re-emit Blue and Violet Light
Sometimes, instead of reflecting light like a solid object does, gas atoms absorb light. For this to happen the light must be a particular wavelength in relation to the size of the gas atom. In the case of oxygen and nitrogen, blue and violet light waves are absorbed. Once the light is absorbed, the atoms emit it again. Instead of traveling in a single direction like the original sunlight, the light waves emitted from the nitrogen and oxygen atoms radiate in all directions. In this way blue and ultraviolet light waves can be seen no matter where you look in the sky. This scattering of light waves--called Rayleigh Scattering--produces a solid blue light source from horizon to horizon, otherwise called a blue sky.
Particles in the Atmosphere Affect the Blueness of the Sky
Other color light waves are not absorbed by nitrogen and oxygen because of their longer wavelengths.  However, some of these light waves do reflect off particles and water vapor in the air. This creates a scattering effect that lessens the intensity of the blue sky. This phenomenon can be observed on a clear day, by comparing the sky at the horizon to the sky over head  The sky at the horizon will be a lighter blue or white. This is because light from the sky at the horizon travels farther through the atmosphere than light from the sky overhead, and therefore has more chances of being scattered by particles and water vapor.
Related Searches:
