( 73 months ago | reply )
Once again mortimer, you are quite right I think - what is true for colours could well be true for other things too - we do only understand the world through our brains processing data and coming up with a representation of it.  Therefore, all sorts of things that my brain comes up with to represent the world might differ from the things that other people's brains utilise.
As I mentioned above - our brains evolved from common ancestors so, logically, we probably do use identical or similar representations for the world we inhabit (that is, unless there is an individual "aberration" in these brain functions or there has been somewhere in its ancestry).  However, I still wonder sometimes...
If my blue was your red - I would still say that the sky was blue and water was blue, we would both reach for the same blue pen etc - and, because of its associations, I might even describe blue as being "cool", "soothing", "calming" etc - indeed, we would have an identical "colour concept" for blue - whilst all the time, whenever I'm seeing it, I'm perceiving the same colour as you perceive when you look at fire....
( 73 months ago | reply )
hmmmm well what can I add to this conversation.  I have protanopia (no red colour receptors) which means I am red/green colour blind... but I still see red.  Provided it isn't a pure red wavelength,  I'll be able to pick a bright red almost every time, but is it really red I'm seeing, how can my brain know what red looks like, if my eyes don't have the ability to detect it?
I'll relate a story from when I was about 4 years old.  I had been given an areoplane, and I'd been told it was red.  I was playing with it in the back yard and lost it.  I came in crying to my mum and told her I had lost my red aeroplane on the red grass.  Obviously I had not been told what colour grass was, but it was the same colour as my red aeroplane so it was therefore red.  For me to think that grass is red now seems insane. It doesn't look red at all it looks VERY green, and VERY different to red.  The only explanation I can think of  for this is that my brain has invented a new colour for grass (and leaves, and whatever else is green) which it substitutes for whatever my eyes tell it (since I had already "learnt" what red was.....  Interestingly a plant has to be almost comletely and utterly dead before I will notice that it isn't green anymore, though if I see a plant I know is dead it won't look green.....
Another thing that happens is if I don't know what colour something is, I'll just say I don't know, once I have been told then it is almost as if it has changed, because it now looks like that colour.  I have a pullover which I had allways thought was Blue (sort of a royal blue).  I'd missplaced it and my girlfriend told me I didn't have a blue pullover, I inisted I did, and she said I think you mean the green one. I told her I didn't have a green one.  When I finally found it, and asked someone else what colour it was they said green, I looked at it again and couldn't believe my eyes, it was an aqua green.... It's never looked blue since.....
So I guess in some weird way, this demonstrates that what we see, and what our brains do with it, are not necessarily the same thing :)
another thing I have been having a lot of trouble with is colour fidelity of images I take with my camera, however it is only for certain colours that I perceive as purple.... when I look at what the camera has taken it looks pink, and nothing like what I see in real life.  I found that when I used tungsten white balance in direct sunlight the flower looked the right colour (to me) in the picture.  When I showed my flatmate he said the standard white balance was close, but the one with tungsten whitebalance was nothing like the real colour (and was an indigo colour, which is ironically what it looks like to me in real life) so it seems that with certain colours, depending on whether the light is reflected or transmitted, to me it looks completely different, but to a normal person there is only a very subtle difference.  Interestingly the digicam was having problems with the reds, which is what I am deficient in, so it appears that any mistakes the camera makes in this area, are greatly amplified for me being red/green colour blind.
Tony.
( 73 months ago | reply )
Wow Tony - thanks for joining in here - your experiences, whilst possibly sometimes a little frustrating to you, are really interesting to those of us with "normal" vision who can find it very difficult to understand how different the world can look to others sometimes.
Everything you have said is interesting but, in particular, I'm fascinated by the fact that, with some extra knowledge, your brain can change the colour of things for you !  This must be a very strange experience - although I guess you are now used to it.
Re: red/green and brains "deciding" what colour things are - I am a forensic crash investigator and one of the jobs that myself and my team got involved in some time ago was an arson attack where some teenagers had used petrol (gasoline) to set fire to a house.  The Police found an empty petrol can at the scene - which was green - and also found a number of witnesses who had seen a group of youths with a petrol can at a nearby petrol station earlier during the night.  The problem for the Police was that about one half of the witnesses described the youths filling up a green petrol can but the other half of them said that it had been a red petrol can at the garage.
We were able to help the Police make sense of this by one of us - a professional photographer (not me - as you would tell, if you looked at my flickr stream !) - writing a statement about light, because the garage was lit by yellow sodium lamps and both red and green have a lot of yellow in them.  Therefore, at the garage, the can would have looked quite bright but it would have been difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish which actual colour it was.
Then, another colleague - a psychologist - was able to state that, in such situations, our brains automatically apply a colour to the object by using our previous experiences - and he suggested that all those who had said the can was red would tend to be older people than those who had said it was green (the standard colour for petrol cans in the UK changed from red to green when we started putting unleaded fuel in our cars about 20 -25 years ago).
When the Police checked the ages of the witnesses, all of them aged over 40 had said that the can was red and all of them who were younger than 40 had said the can was green .
The Police now had a consistent case - it went to Court and the culprits were found guilty !
This clearly shows that everyone actually decides the colour of things from a range of influences, rather than just from the wavelengths of light that come in through our eyes - which again, I find fascinating !
Once again, sorry Optick, I hope you're still ok with these long comments here ?  Sorry about that !
