For more on cloud colors, check out WeatherSavvy    on Clouds and Color
For more on why the sky is blue...Read On
Dear Dave,
Actually, dispersion is the break up of white light    into colors like a rainbow. ( And on the cover to Pink Floyd's Darkside of    The Moon)
http://www.photolib.noaa.gov/search.html
 
Scattering
is the real reason why the sky appears in color.  Scattering occurs when    the gas molecules that comprise our atmosphere, mostly nitrogen and oxygen,    absorb select colors of white light and then radiate that particular color in    every direction.
Let's get into the Savviness...and it all starts with    a really smart dead guy named Tyndall.
John Tyndall showed    that small, but non-dissolved, particles in a solution will scatter light. This    is kind of like how at a movie theater you can see the light from the movie    projector streaming towards the screen. The light gets scattered in all directions    from small dust particles in the air.
This "Tyndall effect" can apply to our atmosphere.    Some other really smart dead guy named Lord Rayleigh, took the Tyndall Effect    one step further.
 
 
Rayliegh    showed how different wavelenghts of light (which is the same thing as saying    different colors of light) will scatter or not scatter depending upon the substance    they are encountering. As sunlight encounters the Nitrogen and Oxygen which    comprise over 90% of our atmosphere...the Blue, Indigo, and Violet colors of    light get scattered. Red, Orange and Yellow are not being scattered. This is    now called Rayleigh Scattering and explains why the sky is blue.
Note To Self:
Become Smart, discover something, then have it named    after me, "The Steve Process".
But I digress,
So to understand this better, imagine you had 2 flashlights.    One flashlight only shines red color and one only shines blue. Now, in a dark    room you shine the red flashlight towards the celing, and all you see is the    red beam of light going straight to the ceiling. Now try using the Blue flashlight,    and all of a sudden, instead of just seeing the beam of blue light going straight    to the ceiling, the whole room is illuminated as the blue light scatteres off    of every gas particle in the air.
That is similar to what happens to our air, and why    the sky is blue. This example is not meant to be exactly scientific, but simply    meant for you to grasp the concept of scattering. And yes...that's the best    I could come up with.
 
Some Moms out there know that    their kids have selective hearing. You hear what you want to hear and block    everything else out. So in this sentence, "Clean up your room, walk the    dog, take out the garbage and by the way, we're getting Pizza for dinner tonight"...I    might only hear the "Pizza for dinner tonight" part. That's because I magically ignored everything else.
Well, similarly, this Rayleigh Scattering is sometimes    called slective scattering. It depends on the wavelenghts of the material that    is doing the scattering with respect to the wavelength of the light. It just    so happens that the relatively small particle size of the gases in our atmosphere    scatter the shorter wavelenghts of light, i.e. Blue, Indigo, Violet.
So Why Is    The Sky Red At Sunset/Sunrise?
 
