By  Mack LeMouse  | Environment | Unrated
On a beautiful summer’s day, you look up into the sky and you see saw clouds floating past, the sun high in the sky beaming down, and the sky a deep blue. But what is it that makes the sky blue? If the sky is actually space, is not space black? Here we break science down and let you in on the reason for the blue sky.
Surrounding the Earth is what is known as Earth’s atmosphere. The atmosphere is made up of natural gases, including oxygen and nitrogen, water vapour, and small particles of materials such as pollen, dust and salt. The density of the atmosphere decreases when moving away from the Earth, meaning it is thickest nearer the earth, and thinner further away from the Earth.
Light coming from the sun to the Earth travels in vibrating waves. Light waves are formed of electric and magnetic fields, and are part of the overall range of electromagnetic fields known as the electromagnetic spectrum. Many other forms of energy travel in this way and are part of the spectrum, including sound. Light waves can vary in their frequency, that is how many waves there are a second.
The light from the sun appears to the naked eye to be white, but is actually a number of different colours. Colours are displayed depending on the frequency of the wave, with the whole spectrum of colours actually similar to a rainbow. Violet is at the highest frequency of the spectrum, and red is at the lowest frequency.
As the light energy from the sun travels through the Earth’s atmosphere it reacts with the atmosphere itself. When the light hits the natural gases, such as oxygen, it becomes absorbed. Gas molecules also radiate the light energy. Light energy is also bounced off other particles in the atmosphere, such as dust and salt.
The sky appears to be blue because the light energy from the sun that is absorbed and radiated by gas particles is often at a higher frequency along the spectrum of colours, meaning that the colour blue is most commonly absorbed and then scattered. The sky will appear most blue directly above you, as it is at this point that the scattered light has to pass through less of the atmosphere to reach your eyes. The sky on the horizon will appear less blue in colour as the light energy needs to travel through more of the atmosphere to reach you, and commonly will be scattered further by the gas particles along the way.
