Alaska Oil
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:36)
After spending a week in Alaska, Discovery News' Kasey-Dee Gardner wanted to find out why the state is so abundant in that resource.
Baby Blue Eyes
Why? Tell Me Why! (02:15)
Did you know that most babies are born with blue eyes? It's true. This week Kasey-Dee Gardner finds out why this happens.
Spawning Death
Why? Tell Me Why! (02:52)
In nature there are some species, both plant and animal, that die after spawning offspring. This week Kasey-Dee Gardner finds out why this phenomenon happens.
Man-Made Black Hole
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:50)
With the start of the CERN particle accelerator, Kasey-Dee Gardner eases fears and finds out why we won't get sucked into a black hole.
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:48)
This week Kasey-Dee Gardner shines some light on why fireflies brighten up the summer sky.
Eskimo Kiss
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:37)
Have you ever wondered if there's any truth to the "Eskimo Kiss?" This week Kasey-Dee Gardner speaks to an Yup-ik elder to find out the answer.
Runny Noses
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:08)
With winter here, it seems like our noses are runny faucets. This week Kasey-Dee Gardner finds out why this disgusting phenomenon happens.
Night-Shining Clouds
Why? Tell Me Why! (02:14)
Do you ever wonder why you can sometimes see clouds at night? Kasey-Dee Gardner talks to a cloud investigator to find out how and why this happens.
Voter Demographics
Why? Tell Me Why! (02:22)
Barack Obama's win for the presidency may be attributed to the record number of young voters who came out to the polls. This week Kasey-Dee Gardner finds out why certain demographics tend to vote certain ways.
Dino Bone Excavation
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:46)
Montana is rich in dinosaur fossils but paleontologists are picky about what sites they chose to excavate. This week Kasey-Dee Gardner and James Williams find out why.
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:51)
Shark populations are declining worldwide. Kasey-Dee Gardner dives in for the answer.
Asteroid and Meteorite
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:32)
Think you know the difference between an asteroid and a meteorite?  This week Kasey-Dee Gardner gets the answer.
 
