Contact
Why The Sky Is Blue Essay
Below is a free essay on "Why The Sky Is Blue" from Anti Essays, your source for free research papers, essays, and term paper examples.
Have you ever been sitting inside on your couch on a rainy day, and wondered how the water just seems to fall right out of the sky? Like most, you assume that it is as simple as the clouds releasing water, but it is really not that simple. It is a long process that has been around since the beginning of time. There is a fixed amount of water in the world that has been here since the earth has formed. The water in your well is the same water that dinosaurs drank years ago. How is this possible? Aren’t you curious as to how the clouds can produce rain?
Let me tell you the basics about the formation of rain, first. All the water that is on earth is continually being reused. The water you drink, the water that is used to fill up your bath tub, and the water that comes down as rain has all been around basically for as long as earth has been here. The amount of water on earth remains stable over time although individual water molecules can come and go, in and out of the atmosphere. This continuous cycle of water occurs on and below the earth’s surface. Water will change states at various phases in the water cycle among liquid, solid, and gas. The water on the earth’s surface moves from one reservoir to another by the physical processes of evaporation, condensation, precipitation, and collection.
The first step in the water cycle is called evaporation. The sun is what drives the water cycle. The sun heats water in oceans and seas causing the water to evaporate and turn into water vapor in the air. This water vapor then rises up and form clouds. Evaporation is a type of vaporization of a liquid that occurs only on the surface of a liquid. In the process of evaporation, water takes up energy from the surroundings and cools the environment. Transpiration is also included in the evaporation phase of the water cycle. Transpiration is the loss of water vapor from parts of plants, though together they are specifically referred to as evapotranspiration. Evaporation will happen...
