Execute the activity: 
 
After filling the jar or vase with water, add one half teaspoon of milk in powder form or two or three drops of liquid milk.
Add a two or three drops of milk to the water or half a teaspoon of powdered milk.
Fire up the torch, letting it shine into the water. The water should appear the color blue.
Next, take the torch and shine it into the jar on one side, approximately at the middle.
From the opposite side, observe the light as it appears in the water
The area right in the line of the torch will appear orange/yellow in color and the water should appear have a pink tinge to it.
 
What’s happening?
 
The sky appears blue because of the blue light scattered in all directions. White light is produced by the sun and white light is a combination of the rainbow of colors including violet, indigo, blue, green, yellow, orange and red. Light is noted as a wave, with each color corresponding to different frequencies. Each wave is a different length.
 
Each color in the spectrum will each have a different wave length. The wavelengths are arranged according to length. The shorter wavelengths are represented by yellow, orange and red light, while blue, indigo and violet.
 
The light streaming from the sun is scattered by the gas molecules as they crash into the white light. Since blue light is high frequency, it becomes scattered at least nine times more than that of red light. The sky will change color as the atmosphere directs the light in an alternate direction and towards the position of the sun.
 
Some of the that is red does not scatter, but continues on its original path. The light takes a lengthy path into the atmosphere when the sun sets on the horizon and takes longer to affect your eyes then when it is over head. The blue lights scatters out of the light as the sun sets and leaves behind the color of white light without the blue.
 
The color of the light was changed by revising the beam of light position. Depending on the sun’s position, the sky will appear a different color. The light scatters in the way molecules in the atmosphere as demonstrated by the water that contains milk molecules.
 
The atmosphere contains materials including gas molecules that surround the earth. The gas compounds are mostly oxygen and nitrogen, with water and argon gas the next most common elements. The atmosphere also contains minute amounts of gas including pollen, salt via the oceans, soot, ashes and dust. The light is scattered from these particles and molecules. Smoke and dust particles are often responsible for beautiful sunsets. These sunsets often occur through the pollution found in cities.
Share this post:
