Blue Sky Block (available in all Pacific Power states) costs an additional $1.95 per 100 kilowatt-hour block purchased and doesn’t fluctuate from month to month with your usage.
To calculate what your expected costs would be, please visit our online calculator .
Where does my money go?
Funds received from participating customers are used to purchase renewable energy credits from regional renewable energy facilities equal to the Blue Sky purchase, to grow the support for renewable energy through customer education and outreach efforts and to cover the costs of offering the program. We are required by regulations to allocate the costs associated with the Blue Sky program to customers who choose to participate, and we do not make a profit by offering this option to customers.
 
Information provided is based on program expenses in 2010 and subject to change in future years.
Money from the Blue Sky Block option also can be used to create funding awards for renewable energy projects throughout the company's service territory to help advance renewable energy technology. These projects have included solar arrays, wind projects, a geothermal demonstration project and wave energy research.
Percentages included for the Block program are for our six state system-wide program.  Learn more about these projects »
How do I know I am getting what I pay for?
The Blue Sky program is overseen by your state’s public utility commission, regional advisory groups.
Blue Sky has achieved Green-e EnergyTM Certification from the Center for Resource Solutions. The Green-e Energy program requires an annual third-party verification process audit.
Learn more about Green-e Energy Certification »
Why does Blue Sky cost more than basic service?
The Blue Sky program offers customers the opportunity to support the increased use of renewable energy above the amount that Pacific Power already generates or purchases on behalf of all its customers. Blue Sky provides an option for those who want to do even more to encourage additional renewable development – all for as little as $1.95 extra per month.
Pacific Power and renewable energy
Why does Pacific Power offer renewable energy options?
The desire to give customers an opportunity to support renewable energy development above what Pacific Power is already generating, the importance of developing the regional economy, and Pacific Power’s commitment to expanding the use of renewable resources have all contributed to the existence of the Blue Sky program.
Pacific Power's environmental commitment»
What is Pacific Power doing to bring more renewable energy to the region?
In total, PacifiCorp’s (Pacific Power’s parent company) renewable resource portfolio, both owned and purchased, has increased by more than 1,290 megawatts since 2003, not counting purchases from facilities where PacifiCorp doesn’t also own the Renewable Energy Credits.
Our plans call for adding more than 300 megawatts of wind generation capability to the company’s portfolio by the end of 2010.
Our diverse resource mix contains generation capability from wind-powered resources (owned and contracted) equivalent to the electricity used by more than 375,000 average residential customers annually.
Quick facts about renewable energy
If I choose a renewable energy option, will I actually receive electricity from renewable energy generation sources?
Because of the way the power system works, electricity from a specific facility or source does not flow directly to a specific customer. However, we guarantee that renewable energy in the exact amount you sign up to buy through Blue Sky is purchased on your behalf from newly developed facilities in the western United States. This creates measurable environmental benefits and hastens renewable energy development. These purchases of renewable energy credits are in addition to the renewable energy Pacific Power already generates.  
What is a Renewable Energy Certificate (REC) or green tag?
Renewable energy certificates (RECs), also known as “green tags,” are proof that 1 megawatt-hour (MWh) of renewable energy was generated and delivered to the regional power pool, and they represent the environmental attributes of the power produced from renewable energy projects. RECs are sold separately from the electricity commodity.
For every unit of renewable energy generated and delivered to the regional power pool, an equivalent amount of renewable energy certificates (RECs) are created representing a tracking mechanism to insure that no two customers pay for the same unit of renewable energy generation. When you sign up for Blue Sky, Pacific Power contracts for RECs to match the equivalent of your ongoing electrical needs or the number of Blue Sky blocks you elect to purchase. Thus, the more RECs that are sold, the more demand is created for renewable power. As renewable facilities sell out their RECs, demand shifts to bring more renewable energy sources on-line.
New renewable energy sources are being constructed across the United States to meet the demand created for renewable energy. Your purchase of RECs benefits the environment by encouraging greater renewable energy generation and displacing non-renewable generation from the electricity system.
What are Renewable Portfolio Standards?
To promote the development of new renewable resources and decrease reliance on fossil fuels for electricity generation, Oregon, California and Washington have all passed a laws to create a renewable portfolio standard (RPS).
These laws established that Pacific Power and other large utilities would increase development and use of renewable energy sources. The RPS requirements for each state vary and are listed below.
These goals do not include the renewable energy certificates purchased on behalf of our voluntary Blue Sky renewable energy program and Blue Sky customers. The renewable energy supported by Blue Sky customers is above and beyond that which Pacific Power purchases to meet their RPS.
State
