Why is the Sky Blue, Daddy
Why is the Sky Blue, Daddy
Why is the Sky Blue, Daddy
This is one of those questions that every parents has to   answer, and few answer it at all, and even fewer answer it   correctly. It wasn't until my first year of college at Caltech   that Mr. Feynman provided an answer, even though it wasn't quite   the full story. If you think this is an easy question you might   be surprised to know that the full story wasn't settled until   1911 by none other than Albert Einstein. If you read most books   or online articles you will find the answer given as "Light is   scattered by Rayleigh Law," or "the amount light is scattered by   the air is proportional to the fourth power of the frequency," or   some other phrase that is equally mysterious and (pardon the pun)   provides no illumination. Well, the purpose of this article is to   explain why the sky is blue using the first principles of   physics, things you learned back in junior high. If you hang in   there, your reward will be a new appreciation for that beautiful   blue blanket that surrounds this little planet.
Let us begin. We are going to need quite a bit of background,   starting with the ideas of distance, velocity, and acceleration.   I'm sure we all have a good intuitive idea of these concepts, at   least distance and velocity, but acceleration might be a little   fuzzy. We need to examine these concepts in the context of   something that moves back and forth in a regular motion. Let's do   the following "thought experiment." Imagine yourself walking back   and forth between your bedroom and your bathroom. As soon as you   get to one, you turn around and walk back to the other, and you   repeat this over and over again. If we graph the distance you are   from your bedroom against time, we get a graph like the one in   Fig 1. You'll notice that the distance from the bedroom increases   as we approach the bathroom, and decreases as we walk back to the   bedroom. Now the definition if velocity is "the rate of change of   distance." This makes sense, if our distance from the bedroom   changes more quickly, we must be walking faster. Similarly,   acceleration is the "rate of change of velocity." If we are   speeding up more and more, the acceleration must be getting   larger. Now the graph in Fig. 1 isn't very realistic, because   when we reach the bathroom and the bedroom, we "instantaneously"   turn around and start walking with the opposite velocity in the   other direction. What would be more realistic is the graph in   Fig. 2 of the velocity versus time during our walk. At the   bedroom our initial velocity is 0, we are standing still. Then as   we walk towards the bathroom we accelerate, until we get about   halfway to the bathroom. Then, realizing that we are approaching   and need to turn around, we slow down and when we reach the   bathroom we stop and turn around, repeating the process in the   opposite direction. Fig. 3 shows the graph of the acceleration   that goes with the velocity in Fig. 2. As you can see, we   accelerate until we are halfway to the bathroom, then we   decelerate, until we stop. Then we continue decelerating,   (actually accelerating in the opposite direction) until we are   halfway between the bathroom and the bedroom, at which point we   start slowing down our "negative velocity" and hence accelerating   again, until we reach the bedroom and are ready to repeat the   process.
Okay, now let's ask the question, suppose be make twice as   many trips back and forth between the bedroom and the bathroom in   the same amount of time. Well, we will be covering twice as much   distance in the same amount of time, so our velocity will have to   be twice as big, in other words we have to walk faster. Now our   velocity is going to have to change twice as quickly, so we have   to accelerate twice as fast. Thus if we double the "frequency" of   our trips, our acceleration will have to be 4 times as fast, or   the square of the frequency. This is a fundamental fact that we   will need later. Let's restate it so that you'll remember it.   Every periodic motion, like you walking back and forth between   two points, has a frequency, the number of times per second,   minute or hour that it occurs. If you increase the frequency,   then the velocity is proportional to the frequency, and the   acceleration is proportional to the square of the frequency.   Physicists like to use the Greek symbol omega for frequency, but   we will use w since it looks like omega. We have shown that   acceleration a = k * w^2 where k is some constant, that is   acceleration is proportional to the square of the frequency.
Fact # 1: a = k * w^2
Now then, the next piece of the puzzle is the very nature of   light itself. You may have heard that "light is an   electromagnetic wave," but what the hell does that mean? We have   all had the experience of walking across a carpet and getting   "zapped" when we touch a doorknob. What happened to us is that we   accumulated a bunch of electrons as we walked along the carpet,   and the zap we felt is the motion of all these electrons suddenly   leaving our body and flowing through the doorknob. There is no   question that this "electrical force" exists, even though we were   not aware of it as we walked over the carpet. Well, light carries   with it this same kind of "electric force" though the amount of   the force is so small that we don't feel like we are getting   zapped every time the sun comes out. Furthermore, in the case of   light, this force travels from place to place in the form of a   wave. What creates light? It is a fundamental law of nature that   light is created whenever a charged particle, like an electron,   accelerates. That is what radio stations do. They move electrons   up and down their antennas in a particular pattern, thousands or   millions of times per second. These accelerating electrons cause   light to appear. The light has a frequency that is too low for   our eyes to see, but we have invented special devices, called   transistor radios, that can readily detect and decode this light.   Physicists like to think of something called an "electromagnetic   field" that exists everywhere. You can imagine it as a bunch of   tiny invisible arrows at every point in spaces. When light passes   by a point in space, these arrows get bigger and smaller. This is   the electromagnetic wave passing by. Thus we have fact number   two, the E, the electric field that accompanies light, is   proportional to a, the acceleration of a charged particle, like   an electron.
Fact # 2: E = k * a
We are getting closer now. The next question we have to ask   ourselves is "What is it we see?" I know it sounds like a stupid   question, but the answer may surprise you, we see "Energy." But   what is energy? The real answer is that no one really knows, but   physicists have invented elaborate formulas for calculating   energy and discovered an amazing fact. If you carefully calculate   the energy in a system around you, it never changes, that is   energy is conserved. Energy has many different forms and comes in   many different disguises. Some examples include kinetic energy,   which is the energy that an object has because it is moving. You   may remember from high school the formula 1/2 m v^2, for kinetic   energy. It says that if an object has mass m and is moving with   velocity v, its energy is given by the above formula. Another   kind of energy is potential energy. If you lift a brick up in the   air, you have given it potential energy, since if you dropped it   it would start moving and gain "kinetic energy." There is   chemical energy in batteries, and nuclear energy is responsible   for our bright sunny days. You won't be surprised to learn that   light too carries energy, and if you work out the numbers you   will find that the amount of energy that light carries is   proportional to the square of the electric field. This is   reasonable because the electric field causes charged particles to   move, and their velocity will be proportional to the strength of   the field. Hence the kinetic energy that they can transfer to   these particles is proportional to v^2, the velocity squared,   thus the energy of the field itself should also be proportional   to E^2. This is more of a definition than a proof, but it is in   fact true. Physicists often use the letter S for the energy of   light, so we have fundamental fact number 3. The energy of light   S, is proportional to the square of the electric field.
Fact # 3: S = k * E^2
What ties this all together? If you look directly at the sun   (not a good idea) you see white, which is the color of the light   that the sun radiates. If you look at right angles to the sun,   you see the light that the air in the atmosphere scatters as the   light strikes the air molecules. The light from the sun hits the   molecules of the atmosphere and causes their electrons (charged   particles) to move back and forth. This back and forth motion of   the electrons causes light to created, and it eventually reaches   your eyes. This process is known as scattering, and was   mathematically explained by Lord Rayleigh back in the 19th   century.
Well, we are almost home now. Fact 3 says that e have that   what we see, energy, S, is proportional to the E^2, the electric   field squared. Fact 2 says that the electric field E, is   proportional to the acceleration of a charged particle. Fact 1   says that the acceleration of an object that moves back and   forth, is proportional to the square of the frequency of its   motion, a = k w^2. Putting these together we get S = k E^2 = k   a^2 = k (w^2)^2 = k w^4. Thus the energy of light that hits our   eyes from the air molecules in the atmosphere depends on the fourth power of the frequency of the light. Now   it turns out that the frequency of blue light is about twice the   frequency of red light, so the air in the atmosphere scatters 2^4   = 16 times more blue light than red light.
Well, we have come a long way, and I'm sure most of you are   ready to go home and never look at the sky again, but   unfortunately what we have done so far is explain why the sky is   violet. What? Yes, violet. You see, if you look at any rainbow   you will see that the last color in the rainbow, the one with the   highest frequency that we can see, is violet, not blue. Where   have we gone wrong? Well, it turns out our eyes are not quite as   simple as you might expect. On the back of our eyes are three   different kind of cone cells that are responsible for determining   the colors that we see. These cells respond to light of different   colors in different ways. There are three kinds of cone cells,   which respond to red, green, and blue light. The cones that   respond to blue light are more sensitive than those that respond   to red and green. Furthermore, the indigo and violet that is   present in the scattered light stimulate the red and green cones   almost equally. Thus what we see is a light shade of blue: blue   because our blue cones are the most strongly stimulated, and   light because the red and green components, combined with the   blue, make white, which lightens the color of the blue that we   perceive.
Well, gentle reader, that is the end of the story. I wonder,   is this what your father told you when you were a child and asked   him, "Why is the sky blue, daddy?"
