Save time and money on airport parking at Atlanta International Airport (airport code ATL).
With Atlanta airport parking, you can reserve a parking space at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport for low online rates. All you need to do is pay online for one parking day in order to save your spot, and then on the scheduled day at the scheduled time you simply drive up and drop off your car - no waiting, no searching for spaces, no stress. Then you hop on the free shuttle which will take you to the airport, where you can relax before your flight. Yes, it is that easy!
Atlanta airport parking options include "AirPark Airport Parking" and "Park 'N Go." Both are covered facilities with self-park options. "Atlanta Airport Marriott," "PreFlight Airport Parking" and "Prestige Airport Parking" are also self-park lots, open 24 hours. Most lots are on Camp Creek Parkway, to the west of the airport.
Start your trip without the stress - book Atlanta airport parking before you have even packed your bags!
Some information about Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport :
Hartsfield is located in both College Park, Georgia and the southern limits of Atlanta, ten miles from downtown near Interstates 20, 75,85 and 285.
The airport is a hub for Delta Air Lines - it is the largest airport hub in the world. Other airlines with hubs in Atlanta are AirTran Airways , Delta Connection and Atlantic Southeast Airlines.
Close to 50 airlines land and take off from Hartsfield. The airport is the largest employment center in the state.
As the busiest airport in the world, Atlanta Airport offers just about anything a traveler could want. There are dozens of shops and dining establishments, including duty-free shopping.
For up-to-date traffic information, check out the Georgia Navigator here .
Alternative ways to get to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport:
Taxi: Various services run from downtown - a flat rate of $30 is charged.
Rail: The MARTA rail transportation system offers a dedicated airport train line.
Bus/Shuttle: Shared-Ride Shuttles depart every 15 minutes (metro) or half hour (non metro).
Park and sleep before you fly:
Planning a long drive to or from the airport, or an odd-hours flight? Check out Atlanta International Airport (ATL) park and sleep hotels , where you can book a hotel room and parking together for one low price.
Why Reserve Airport Parking?
Reserve your spot at a Atlanta airport parking lot before you get there and save money! First park and then fly from Atlanta airport through parking companies that provide a range of parking options including self-park, valet, and indoor/covered. Airport parking in advance will provide you the following benefits:
Guaranteed Reservations
Free Airport Shuttle
Low Rates
It's quick, safe, guaranteed. You pay for one day online, which will be deducted from your bill at the airport parking lot. No extra fees so it's a good time to reserve now and save money!
More Resources
