Subscribe
Atlanta (ATL)
Almost every hotel chain has a property near the world’s busiest airport, but two rise above the crowd: the Westin and the Renaissance Concourse. Throw in the moderately priced Sleep Inn and the Maison LaVigne, an elegant airport bed & breakfast, and you can safely reduce your airport hotel choices to one of those four.
The Overall Best Atlanta Airport Hotel:
Renaissance Concourse Hotel
Marriott’s Renaissance Concourse edges out the Westin for our best selection for two reasons: their airport shuttles run slightly more often (every 15 minutes, as opposed to every 20 minutes for the Westin) and because of the superb views the Renaissance Concourse has for the airport landing strip — ask for an airport view room with a balcony. That said, the rooms at the Westin are maybe slightly more luxurious and you can possibly check your bags at the hotel (see below). And we are disappointed that neither hotel offers free in-room wifi. The Renaissance Concourse does have free wifi in the lobby, but wired access (for $15) in the rooms. The Renaissance also gets props for their generally friendly staff and large beds.
Honorable Mention Best Hotel:
Maison LaVigne
We couldn’t declare this bed and breakfast the top Atlanta airport hotel because it doesn’t offer a free airport shuttle and its three rooms are often full. But if you want to escape the big chain options and aren’t arriving or departing at unusual hours this is your choice – elegant rooms, relaxed setting and true gourmet meals (the foodie host teaches cooking lessons). Book in advance.
Closest Hotel to Atlanta Airport:
Sheraton Gateway Hotel Atlanta Airport
There’s a virtual tie for the closest location to the airport amongst several properties including the Westin, Holiday Inn Express and Marriott. The Sheraton Gateway is arguably the most convenient to/from the airport considering traffic patterns and shuttle frequency and so it FEELS like the closest. The rooms are the standard Sheraton quality, though the restaurant is suboptimal and they charge for internet access.
Cheapest Atlanta Airport Hotel:
Prices fluctuate but the Travelodge Airport West is typically the cheapest hotel offering a free airport shuttle. The HBO, along with complimentary wi-fi and (very) basic breakfast, slightly make up for the tired rooms and rather unpleasant neighborhood surroundings.
The Most Luxurious Atlanta Airport Hotel:
The Westin Hotel Atlanta Airport
If they didn’t charge $13 for in-room wi-fi the Westin would have earned our top Atlanta Airport Hotel honors. The Guru is a HUGE fan of those Westin beds. And this particular Westin has a desk in the lobby where you can check yours bags  . . . for $10 . . . if you are flying American or Delta. In addition, the hotel has a nice glass enclosed swimming pool and above-average restaurants. It is also super-insulated — we couldn’t hear any plane noise at all.
The Best Value Atlanta Airport Hotel:
Sleep Inn Airport College Park
You won’t be wowed but for a reasonable price ($60-$80) you’ll get a dependably clean room, fitness center, basic breakfast and free internet. The Sleep Inn is also a short walk to a few uninspiring shops and restaurants (there’s a Ruby Tuesday attached) so you won’t be dependent on the usual overpriced hotel food offerings.
Atlanta Airport Info:
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport
The airport is HUGE. Check-in is all done in the main terminal but the gates are spread out over six separate concourses. Easily the most convenient gates are in the T Concourse, the only one you can walk to from the main terminal. United and American exclusively use the T Concourse making them the preferred airline for Atlanta flights. A minority of Delta flights use the T Concourse also.
Let others know about the best airport hotels: These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages.
{ 2 comments… read them below or add one }
