AWD Number
Coupon Code
Looking for a great car rental deal at the Atlanta airport? Reserve an ATL car rental online today at Avis.com and get a great rate. Avis has Compact, Luxury, SUV, Hybrid car rentals and much more. And you can skip the line at the rental counter when you enroll in Avis Preferred Service. If you are heading to Georgia for business or pleasure, and need an Atlanta Hartsfield airport car rental, trust Avis to provide low rates, outstanding service and guaranteed satisfaction. When you arrive at the Atlanta airport, visit Avis to pick up your car rental, and you will be ready to see the Atlanta sights and grab a bite. Add a GPS navigation system to help you find your way around, and enjoy the upscale elegance and the laid-back casual dining, shopping and attractions - it is all waiting for you, in Atlanta, Georgia. So book your flight to ATL airport, reserve your car rental and pack your bags. Your car rental will be waiting for you at the Atlanta airport. Enjoy the ride, with Avis!
Save $25 on a Weekly Rental
Save $25 on a five-day rental in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. Simply rent a Subcompact through Full-Size 4-Door car or an Intermediate SUV through December 15, 2012 to receive your discount.
Terms and Conditions
Save $50 on a Monthly Car Rental
Coupon valid for $50 Off a monthly rental at participating Avis locations in the U.S., Canada & Puerto Rico.
See terms and conditions for complete details.
Rent a Car | Rental Car Deals | Rental Car Guide | U.S. Rental Car Locations | Popular Airport Rental Car Locations | Site Map
Coupon valid on all car classes excluding X class.
Dollars off applies to the time and mileage charges only on a minimum five day weekly rental period.
Taxes, concession recovery fees, vehicle license recovery fee, customer facility charges ($10/contract in CA) may apply and are extra.
Optional products such as LDW ($29.99/day or less) and refueling are extra.
One coupon per rental.
An advance reservation and Saturday night keep are required.
May not be used in conjunction with any other coupon, promotion or offer.
Coupon valid at participating Avis locations in the contiguous U.S., Canada, and Puerto Rico.
Offer subject to vehicle availability at time of reservation and may not be available on some rates at some times.
For reservations made on Avis.com, dollars off will be applied at time of rental.
Renter must meet Avis age, driver and credit requirements.
Minimum age may vary by location.
An additional daily surcharge may apply for renters under 25 years old.
Rental must begin by 12/15/12
Reference Coupon: MUWA041
Coupon valid for $50 off a monthly rental at participating Avis locations in the contiguous U.S., Canada & Puerto Rico.
Offer applies to a minimum 30, maximum 59-day rental period of a Compact (Group B) or larger vehicle, excluding Specialty (Group X) vehicles.
Offer applies to the time and mileage charges of the rental only.
Taxes, concession recovery fees, vehicle license recovery fee, customer facility charges ($10/contract in CA) may apply and are extra.
Optional products such as LDW ($29.99/day or less) and refueling are extra.
An advance reservation is required.
Offer is subject to vehicle availability at time of reservation and may not be available on some rates at some times.
For reservations made on Avis.com, dollars off will be applied at time of rental.
May not be used in conjunction with any other coupon, promotion or offer.
Renter must meet Avis age, driver and credit requirements. Minimum age may vary by location.
An additional daily surcharge may apply for renters under 25 years old.
Privacy Notice © 2012 Avis Rent A Car System, LLC.
