Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport-North+ Hotels - an overview
Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport-North
East Point, GA 30344, USA
Phone : +1 404 768 8484 Fax : +1 404 768 2277
Maps & Directions to Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport-North
Located just 7 minutes from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, the Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport North hotel offers visitors access to some of the area’s best family attractions, including the Georgia Aquarium, Atlanta Zoo and World of Coca Cola. The hotel is also convenient to the area’s many sports complexes, such as Georgia Dome, Atlanta Motor Speedway and Turner Field. 
During your stay, you can enjoy specialty Starbucks® coffee drinks and friendly conversation at the intimate Bakery Café. A Host will happily assist you with orders from the 24-hour Guest Kitchen, which offers café-quality, made-to-order meals and snacks along with a complimentary hot breakfast daily.
For business travelers, the hotel is minutes from local offices for companies such as Delta Airlines, Federal Express, Ford Motor Co., and Wachovia Op Center.  For more information regarding local restaurants and activities near the Atlanta Airport North hotel, please visit our Activities page. 
Download Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport-North Fact Sheet.
To learn more about Hyatt Place, click here .
View our Hyatt Destinations Atlanta city guide for insider information on local culture, restaurants, shopping, events and more.
This East Point hotel features spacious guestrooms each with the Hyatt Grand Bed™ and a 42" flat panel HDTV.
Complimentary Wi-Fi available throughout the hotel.
New complimentary a.m. Kitchen Skillet™, featuring freshly prepared breakfast sandwiches, waffles, French toast, pancakes and steel cut oatmeal, is available daily in our Guest Kitchen 
Outdoor swimming pool.
24/7 Guest Kitchen serves made-to-order snacks and entrees.
Intimate Bakery Café serves Starbucks® specialty coffees, premium beers and wines.
Grab 'n Go case offers muffins, salads, sandwiches and bottled beverages.
e-room with complimentary computers and a printer.
Complimentary onsite parking.
Complimentary transportation to and from the airport.
This is a smoke-free hotel.
Zoo Atlanta - 7.75 miles from the hotel:
Zoo Atlanta maintains a collection of more than 1,000 animals representing over 200 species from around the world. In addition to visiting the animal's naturalistic habitats, you can also shop, play, eat, discover and learn! For more information on the zoo, click here .
Turner Field - 6.75 miles from the hotel:
Click here for a schedule of upcoming Atlanta Braves home games.
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL): 3 miles from the hotel
For more information, click here .
Birmingham International Airport (BHM): 153 miles from the hotel
For more information, click here .
For help making a reservation at Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport-North, or to speak with a dedicated reservations agent, please call toll-free:  888 HYATT HP (1-888-492-8847).
TDD (hearing impaired) from within the United States and Canada call toll-free: 1-800-834-1408.
