Member of Columbia County Chamber of Commerce since 2006
The Only Shuttle Service in Augusta with Atlanta Airport Permit
Click on the image to see our A+ Report
EZ Ride of Augusta vans run on a convenient schedule from Augusta to the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport . The trip takes 2 1/2 hours.
We have been in operation since 1998. We are in compliance with City of Atlanta Airport requirements and carry its permits. We are the only shuttle service between Augusta and Atlanta Airport with the Airport permit. Our drivers are experienced professional drivers. Our vans are routinely serviced to keep them in the best operational conditions.
EZ Ride of Augusta is your choice for a reliable service. With a fleet of  6 vans , 9 professional drivers, and extended customer service hours, you will always be in good hands.
Our Augusta terminal is located conveniently close to I-20 Exit 194. We drop off our customers in the Atlanta Airport at the check-in area of their airline . We pick up our customers at the Atlanta Airport from the Ground Transportation/Shared Ride Shuttle area. Click here for directions.
We also pick up and drop off passengers from Madison on our way to and from the Airport. Click here for additional information for Madison passengers.
Atlanta Airport has an extensive Ground Transportation Network to areas inside and outside Atlanta. Click here for additional information about Atlanta Ground Transportation Connections.
We can pick-up passengers from their homes or from hotels to our Augusta terminal. We can also drop-off passengers from our Augusta terminal to their homes or hotels. These are optional services for additional fees. Some restrictions apply. Click here for more information
Customers are not allowed to leave their cars in the parking area. Customers can park their cars for loading and unloading and for making reservations.
Plan - Reserve - Pay
Augusta Weather Forecast, GA (30907)
Use our website to plan your trip, make your reservations and pay for your ticket.
We recommend that you view our schedule before finalizing your airline reservations to make sure that you have sufficient connect time. Check with the airline how much lead time you need to check in. You also need time to get your baggage after landing. The average time is 45 minutes for domestic flights and 75 minutes for international flights. Flight delays can happen and it is better to allow some more time so that you do not miss your trip.
You can request your reservations online from our website. You can also call or stop by our office to make your reservations.
Reservations are confirmed only after the payment has been received. Payment can be done in person at our office or by phone with a credit card or online for online reservations.
Our service covers the passenger and the baggage allowance indicated. Customers must check with reservation representatives for any additional or special requirements. Pets are not allowed on our scheduled trips.  Smoking is not permitted on our vans.
Flight Information
Click on the Atlanta Airport link to get more information about your airline and your flight. There is plenty of useful information to help you in planning your trip. You can also call the Atlanta Airport Customer Service direct line at 1-800-897-1910. 
