Posted on 22 Nov 2011 by Webmaster |  Filed under Atlanta , limos
Atlanta restaurants and nightlife
With its prosperous economy and bustling business districts, Atlanta now stands as one of the country’s leading metropolitan regions.  Its moniker – “Capital of the New South” – definitely speaks of its economic and cultural significance in this part of the country.
Atlanta is the home to numerous Forbes 500 companies as well as multinational operations. In fact, the city has remained one of the top five cities with most Forbes 500 corporations calling it home for over ten years now. Together with the vibrant economy in Atlanta, social and entertainment industry in the city flourishes by unprecedented rate. Along the towering skyscrapers of the city are restaurants and nightclubs having their distinct Southern character.
Although half of the city’s population is comprised of non-native Southerners, the traditional Southern traits of graciousness and hospitality has not necessarily tempered. Plus, the melding of other cultural influences has created a unique regional dining experience. Great restaurants abound the metropolitan area, serving a wide variety of delectable native and foreign cuisines that range from biscuits to empanadas and even sushi. From midtown to Buckhead, the city offers a gastronomic experience for tourists and diners.
The city offers plenty of hours for leisure. From sun up till sun down, there’s definitely a place for travelers to hop in. Midtown and Buckhead, two of the major night hubs in the city, promise the best nightlife experience you can ever have. Peachtree Road is dotted with a wide variety of clubs, pubs and bars for people of all sorts. Cutting-edge clubs, laid-back bars and hip lounges light up the metropolis as dusk start to set in.
However, if you are planning to enjoy Atlanta’s nightlife, you need to know where parking spaces are located. Also, don’t expect parking space to be free, you will have to pay about $10 for space rental.
Buckhead used to be the home of the largest groups of clubs and bars in Atlanta, until changes in the city’s liquor ordinances have led several establishments to close up and relocate. Travelers can find a plenty of restaurants and few clubs near Peachtree Road. Meanwhile, visitors looking for trendy, upscale clubs and restaurants can choose to visit Midtown. Aside from these two popular leisure-spots, tourists can still find great restaurants to dine in at Atlantic Station and Virginia Highland.
Atlanta restaurants and nightlife speak of the unique hospitality and southern culture of the city.
Sidebar ...
