Print this article
Motels
As of 2011, Motel 6 and Super 8 Motel each offer three motel accommodations within five miles of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Motel 6 offerings include the Motel 6-Atlanta Airport North and South properties and the Motel 6-Jonesboro. Each facility offers several amenities, including air conditioning, high-speed wireless Internet access and free local calls. Super 8's lineup includes Super 8 College Park/Atlanta Airport, Super 8 Atlanta/Jonesboro Road and Super 8 College Park/Atlanta Airport West. Each Super 8 property features high-speed Internet access and a free continental breakfast. All of these motels offer airport shuttle service.
Hotels
Six hotels are located within two miles of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, including Westin Hotel, Doubletree Club Hotel and Best Western Hotel and Suites. Situated 1.4 miles from the airport, the Westin Hotel offers many features, including a multilingual staff, valet parking, a spa and flat-panel TV. The Doubletree Club Hotel is just 1.7 miles from the airport and offers a variety of services, including banquet facilities, dry cleaning and laundry services, room service and event catering. Best Western Hotel and Suites is located 1.8 miles from the airport and provides several amenities, including handicapped accessibility, in-room microwave ovens and refrigerators, wake-up calls and free local calls. Each hotel also provides free airport transportation.
Inns
If hotels and motels aren't your style, consider staying at one of the seven inns located within two miles of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, including Holiday Inn Express, Comfort Inn and Suites and Hampton Inn. Just 1.3 miles from the airport, Holiday Inn Express features an outdoor pool and hosts a manager's reception each Wednesday night that includes complimentary food, drinks and desserts. Comfort Inn and Suites is situated 2.4 miles from the airport and features 75 guest rooms that are equipped with cable TV and coffee and tea makers. Located 1.2 miles from the airport, Hampton Inn is close to the Georgia International Convention Center and offers several amenities, including a fitness facility, laundry services and an elevator. Each inn offers complimentary airport shuttle service.
Resort
If you're looking for a pricier lodging option, consider the Evergreen Marriott Conference Resort located 21 miles from the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Stone Mountain. This facility features many amenities, including an indoor pool, a health club, a restaurant, a bar/lounge and 24-hour room service. Airport transportation is available, but for an additional surcharge.
Related Searches:
