Total number of rooms: 326
Total number of suites: 136
Total number of rooms with only one bed: 157
Total number of rooms with only double beds: 170
Total number of non-smoking rooms:327
Total number of rooms for the physically challenged/handicapped: 13
Executive rooms
Total number of floors: 4
FEMA Property Number: GA0392
Welcome to Holiday Inn Atlanta Airport-North
Welcome to the new Holiday Inn Atlanta Airport North. Located adjacent to the Atlanta Hartsfield Jackson International (ATL) and at the intersection of I-85 and Virginia Avenue, we offer the ultimate in convenience, amenities, productivity, and relaxation.
Business travelers will appreciate free wired & wireless Internet, 12,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, free 24-hour airport shuttle, and the HUB at Holiday Inn our multi-functional area to meet, mingle, eat, and
View More
Welcome to Holiday Inn Atlanta Airport-North
Welcome to the new Holiday Inn Atlanta Airport North. Located adjacent to the Atlanta Hartsfield Jackson International (ATL) and at the intersection of I-85 and Virginia Avenue, we offer the ultimate in convenience, amenities, productivity, and relaxation.
Business travelers will appreciate free wired & wireless Internet, 12,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space, free 24-hour airport shuttle, and the HUB at Holiday Inn our multi-functional area to meet, mingle, eat, and drink. Our convenient location puts you near the Georgia World Congress Center, Georgia International Convention Center, and downtown Atlanta.
Venues such as Phillip's Arena, Georgia Dome, Turner Field, Georgia Aquarium, and the World of Coca-Cola attract many leisure travelers and we are also minutes away from Georgia Tech University, Emory University, and Centennial Olympic Park. Our location puts you just minutes away from all these sites via MARTA or via I-85, making us one of the area's most centrally located hotels.
While staying at our hotel in Atlanta, Georgia, guests enjoy amenities including an outdoor pool, 24-hour fitness center, on-site dining at our restaurant and bar or via room service, and a 24-hour business center. Our hotel's location near the Atlanta airport and a free, 24-hour shuttle ensure stress-free travel, while conveniences like free wired & wireless Internet ensure you can remain productive while away from the office.
View Less
Features
The HUB, which includes the restaurant, bar and business center, is our bold, new approach to hotel social living and the heartbeat of our signature concept which integrates world-class service with the latest technology. Have a signature cocktail, dine on inspired cuisine, watch the game on one of the many HDTVs in the Media Lounge and recharge at one of our Laptop Loungers.
Announcements
The Holiday Inn Atlanta Airport - North is now accepting reservations for arrivals after September 15, 2012.
Hotel Lobby
