Fasttrack
Parking Atlanta Airport | Offsite Parking is the Best Option
Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport is the busiest in the United States. Because of the traffic in the terminal the parking lots are often full. Everyone has heard the night mare stories of panicked travelers not finding any space in the Long Term Lots at Atlanta Hartsfield Airport and leaving their car in the Hourly lot located in front of the terminal. The rate is just a dollar for the first hour, but it quickly escalates to $28 per day! That's $196 per week!*
Daily Parking at the Atlanta Airport
There are parking decks at the terminals. They offer long term, covered parking for a reasonable rate - just $14 per day.* The upside is the parking is convenient and covered. The downside is there are very few empty spaces, especially when you are on a tight schedule and your plane is about to board without you. The other negative is that you have to lug your luggage to the terminal. We hope you have just one bag and its the type with wheels.
Atlanta Airport Parking Economy Lots at Hartsfield- Jackson
There are two more options available to the traveler in need of a parking space at the airport. "Economy Parking" and the "Airport Park-Ride Shuttle" lots. Economy parking is right next to the parking decks. The airport's web site says these are your best value, but you are a long way from the terminal and you must carry your own luggage. Keep in mind that it may not be raining when you depart from Atlanta, but it could be when you return. You most likely will not have an umbrella, as they are prohibited as carryon items, so you are going to get soaked. The cost is $10 a day, but now you are in the price range of almost all the offsite parking lots, and they will pick you up at your car and carry you to the terminal. Some will even provide you with a free USA Today newspaper.
The Airport Park-Ride shuttle is your best onsite option and your least expensive. They have vans to transport you to and from the terminal. There is no "covered parking" option here as there is at most of the offsite lots near the Atlanta airport. The cost is just $9 per day. The big problem is that these lots are almost always full.
Offsite Atlanta Airport Parking Eliminates the Worry
Atlanta airport parking can be simple and worry free. First, just plan on parking in one of the many offsite parking lots, most of which are located down Camp Creek Parkway, across I-85 from the airport. These lots almost always have parking space available, especially over the weekend, unless its a major holiday. In that case, pay close attention to the next paragraph.
Second, if you are a holiday traveler, even these lots can fill to capacity, too. These answer is to book you parking in advance and your will have a reserved space waiting your arrival. All the major players have web sites listing their reservation phone number and most have the ability to book online. Helpful hint here: Just book one day parking. That way if your not able to make the trip, you won't be paying for a space you can't use. Once you have the parking space, they can't make you "move out" like a hotel can.
*Information regarding parking rates and facilities on the Atlanta Airport taken from www.atlanta-airport.com , the official Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport web site on 07/12/2008. Always check for updated information before traveling. NOTE: Parking rates listed above are subject to change. Please check rates posted at the entrance to each parking lot before entering.
Parking at the Atlanta Airport Offsite Lots: Great Service with a Smile
When you park on the airport property, you are dealing with a government operation. Service and appreciation are foreign to the employees of these operations. On the other hand, offsite parking lots understand how critical it is to provide more than just parking service to their valued customers.  As a result you can also look forward to other exciting benefits like:
Online reservations
Open on all days of the year
Self-park and/or valet by location
Safe, well-lit, fenced-in lots
