Atlanta Symphony Center
Atlanta is the fastest growing metropolitan area in the United States. It is the most populous city of the state of Georgia. The International airport the graces Atlanta is the Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport. There are many airport hotels offering world class services to travelers and these services are offered at affordable prices too in Atlanta. Located near the airport and accessible from and to major places of interest in the city, the major airport hotels in Atlanta are Comfort Inn and Suites Camp Creek, Crowne Plaza Atlanta Airport, Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport, Comfort INN, Suites – Atlanta Airport and Holiday Inn Atlanta Airport.
The Comfort Inn and Suites Camp Creek is a three star, first class hotel. The good hotel offers a complimentary airport shuttle, free local calls and a heated indoor pool among other facilities. The guest rooms are well furnished and provide world class amenities.
The Crowne Plaza Airport Hotel is also one which offers world class facilities. The hotel has 378 guest rooms. There is a total of 17 meeting rooms and over 16000 square feet of meeting space.  The hotel is located adjacent to the airport. It is very near the Georgia International Convention center, the Delta Airlines World Headquarters and downtown Atlanta.
The Hyatt Palace Atlanta Airport is located only 1 mile from the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport and it provides a 24 hour complimentary shuttle to the airport. The hotel gives a complimentary continental breakfast every morning. The hotel is a 150 room all suite, non-smoking hotel. The major attractions conveniently located nearby are the Six Flags Amusement Park, Downtown/ Underground Atlanta and Turner Field. There is a coffee, wine and beer bar in the gallery area. The hotel also provides a Guest Kitchen. The guest suites feature 42 inch flat panel, high definition televisions, complimentary high speed, wireless internet access, iron and board, personalized voicemail, refrigerator and other features.
The Comfort Inn and Suites Atlanta Airport North is the closest comfort inn to the Atlanta International Airport. The Hotel offers a complimentary shuttle service to and from the airport 24 hours a day. The hotel features a gift shop, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness center. All rooms have a coffee maker, an AM/FM clock radio, an iron and ironing board, a 25 inch color television with cable, remote control and free movie facilities and other state-of-the-art facilities. The hotels are worth staying in. 
 
 
Top Destination Hotels Online
