Contact us
Atlanta Airport - Atlanta Airport is proud to bear the distinction of being "the world's busiest passenger airport." Atlanta airport parking, atlanta airport hotels, atlanta airport map, information and links.
Different parking lot classes available for Atlanta airport parking. Gold reserve lot information, Atlanta airport parking map, information telephone number, Atlanta airport radio and other related links.
Atlanta Airport Parking
Motorists are realizing the timesaving value of on-airport parking; Atlanta airport parking offers motorists the option to choose from more than 30,000 parking spaces, including short- and long-term parking options.
Economy Lots
The North and South Economy Lots are located adjacent to the parking decks and the West Economy Lot is located at the west end of the main terminal beyond the Ground Transportation Center.
Daily Lots
Daily Parking Lots are located adjacent to Atlanta airport parking's main terminal.
Hourly Lots
If you are picking up or dropping someone at the Hartsfield-Jackson, the most convenient Atlanta airport parking will be these lots located in front of each terminal.
Park-Ride Lots
The airport Park-Ride Lots offer convenient services to the main Terminal. Once you have parked your car in these lots, a free shuttle bus service will pick you up at your car and quickly transport you to the main terminal. Upon returning to Atlanta, passengers are picked up at the Ground Transportation Center and returned to their cars.
Gold Reserve Lots
The gold parker program was created for people with busy schedules to provide fast, convenient and guaranteed airport parking.
There is no waiting in line to take a ticket or look for a parking space. A parking space is assured for you in this separate, reserved parking area.
The Gold Reserve Lot is located adjacent to the North and South airport terminals on ground level of the parking deck and is covered to protect you from the elements.
When you set up your account, an advance payment of $200.00 is established and maintained at all times along with a card set-up fee of $15.00. In addition, an annual minimum usage fee (AMUF) of $288.00 is established as well. The AMUF is charged to all gold parker's annually in the month of January and is non-refundable.
The following methods of payment are accepted: Visa, Amex, MasterCard, Discover or Diner's Club credit card.
This reserved lot is designed for overnight parkers. Parking fees are $3.00 for the first hour and $1.00 for each additional hour to a maximum of $24.00 per 24-hour period.
Atlanta International Airport - Map of the parking lots. www.atlanta-airport.com
Information
