Best Rates Guaranteed    
Be Our Guest
Visit us for business or leisure and find out what it means when we say Be Our Guest.
Tweet
Atlanta Airport Hotel in College Park Offers Charm and Convenience
Warm, modern decor and convenient amenities make this Country Inn & Suites Atlanta airport hotel in College Park, GA an ideal choice for your vacation or business trip. This south Atlanta, GA hotel near Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport is also conveniently located near the Phoenix Business Park and provides both a comfortable atmosphere and ideal location for business and leisure alike. Take advantage of our complimentary 24-hour airport/Marta shuttle service, as well as our on-site Business Center, Fitness Center and free high-speed Internet access. Book your reservations today and see what sets us apart from other hotels near ATL Airport.
Rooms >
Sleep Well in Our Atlanta Airport Hotel's Rooms
This College Park, GA hotel's rooms and suites are cozy and comfortable,  and feature attractive decor that makes guests feel at home. Our south Atlanta hotel rooms feature free high-speed, wireless Internet access, hair dryer, iron and ironing board, coffee maker, cable TV and more. Stay at this hotel near ATL Airport and experience the warm, caring hospitality and superior value of Country Inn & Suites.
Services >
Top Services among Hotels near ATL Airport
Whether you're visiting for business or leisure, the Country Inn & Suites  South Atlanta hotel in College Park, Georgia will be sure to exceed your expectations. Enjoy our well-equipped Fitness Center, outdoor pool, free parking, guest laundry services and complimentary  airport/Marta shuttle. Experience the thoughtful services that make the difference between the Country Inn and other hotels near ATL Airport.
Groups & Meetings >
Host Meetings in Our College Park Hotel's Space
The Country Inn & Suites in College Park, GA boasts four meeting rooms that can accommodate up to 75 people for your next event. Our Atlanta area hotel's conference rooms are ideal for board meetings and small events, and are equipped with A/V equipment, free high-speed, wireless Internet access and more. Catering is available for breaks, lunch and dinner. Contact us to find out more about our south Atlanta hotel meeting facilities.
Dining >
Hotel in College Park, GA with Free Breakfast
The Country Inn & Suites Atlanta Airport South hotel helps guests start the day off right with a complimentary breakfast served daily in the lobby. Guests of our hotel's accommodations in Atlanta, GA enjoy a complimentary breakfast including assorted pastries, muffins, fresh fruits, oatmeal, grits, juice, coffee, tea and milk. Also enjoy excellent lunch, dinner and drinks at our on-site restaurant, Genesis Bar & Grill.
Local Area >
Atlanta Hotel near Hartsfield-Jackson Airport
Our accommodations in Atlanta, GA are conveniently located in the Phoenix Business Park, just one mile from Hartsfield-Jackson Airport and minutes from several popular Atlanta attractions. From the CNN Headquarters and Zoo Atlanta to the World of Coca-Cola Museum and the Georgia Aquarium, Atlanta has it all. This College Park, GA hotel near Hartsfield-Jackson Airport is a perfect home base for both business and leisure in Atlanta.
HOTEL AMENITIES
