Contact
Hartsfield-Jackson
ATLANTA — Sleep tight, but don’t miss your flight! Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is introducing an exciting service through Minute Suites that allows passengers to relax, conduct business and even sleep in spacious, private suites between flights or during long delays. This travelers’ retreat is the first of its kind in any U.S. airport.
“We are pleased to offer our passengers high-quality, convenient services like Minutes Suites,” said John Cugasi, director of Concessions. “Minute Suites gives our passengers an affordable, private retreat within the terminal to nap, relax or work.”
Minute Suites — operated by concessionaire Business Traveler Services (BTS) — will offer five private suites, each of which is equipped with a daybed sofa, pillows and fresh blankets. A sound-masking system in each suite neutralizes noise, and a unique “napware” audio program helps deliver a refreshing “power nap.”
Each room has a high-definition television with access to DIRECTV, the Internet and the Airport’s flight-tracking system. The rooms also can serve as work stations for busy travelers. “With a simple click on the remote control, the television converts to a computer with access to the Internet and the Airport’s flight-tracking system,” said Daniel Solomon, Managing Member of Minute Suites, LLC. “A desk, phone and office chair provide guests with a functional work station. Laptop users can connect to the Internet using Airport Wi-Fi or a direct connection port within the suite.”
“We are pleased to bring travelers at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport a private place to work, read, watch television, or relax and take a nap. Comments from many of our first guests have been extremely positive. They love the design, the amenities, the quiet atmosphere, and the idea of being able to take a quick nap while hurrying from one city to the next,” said Anita Leopold, executive vice president of Business Traveler Services.
Minute Suites were built with natural, recyclable materials. The construction did not use drywall, a leading contributor to landfill waste.
Locations
Concourse B at Gate B15
(404) 762-7660
