   MENU:   Technology and Internet Guides | Travel | Health | Household | Sports          ...independent online guides since 1995
Atlant Airports Maps - ATL Map - Directions to Atlanta Airport
The Atlanta Airport is officially the busiest airport in the WORLD, serving almost 90 million passengers annually. Even now, they are spending another $5B to upgrade the airport over the next 10 years -- pretty amazing. The airport's official name is the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, named after former Atlanta Mayor William Berry Hartsfield and another former mayor, Maynard Jackson. The Atlanta Airport is the major hub for Delta Airlines, serving almost 250 domestic destinations. Getting to ATL Airport is pretty easy, especially if you use the local rapid transit system, MARTA -- they have a train that takes you directly to the main terminal for check-in. Since it is the last southern stop on MARTA, it is hard to miss! The airport itself is located 10 miles southwest of downtown Atlanta, just off the I-85 freeway. Check out the map below to get an idea where everything is:
Atlanta ATL Airport Parking
Where can I get an Atlanta Airport map? The offical airport website Atlanta-Airport.com. They have an interactive terminal map there showing you where parking and terminals are located. It also tells you which lots are open and full, so you can plan before you head out for the airport. Fortunately, all the parking areas are located adjacent to the main terminal, even the economy lot is not far away. The main parking garages are the north and south garages, both of which offer hourly and daily parking. Hourly parking is in the area closest to the terminal, and costs $1 per hour for the first hour, $28 per day. The daily parking lots are right across from the terminal and rates are $2 per hour or $14 per day. The next spot over if economy parking, where rates are $10 per day. There is also a Gold Reserve lot that requires advance registration and payment of $200 and an annual minimum of $288, but it gets you a guaranteed spot right at the front of the airport ($24 per day) - perfect for the busy executive that does a lot of air travel. Altogether, there are almost 30,000 parking spaces available, with 13,500 covered garage spots and and 8000 more in economy.
Atlanta Airport Terminals
Getting around the Atlanta Airport can be tough. It is a very large airport, with 6 terminals. The main terminal is called Terminal T, which connects to the parking area and passenger drop-off and pick-up zones. Gates T1-T15 are located here. Though labeled the north and south terminal for check-in and ticketing, it is really one large building with a north side and a south side (facing security, north is on your left, south is on your right). From the lower level you can take an underground train to the other concourses, which are lined up parallel to terminal T -- so the train follows a straight line out along the middle of the terminals, hitting Concourse A, B, C, D, and E. Trains runs every 2 minutes. Concourse A houses gates A1-A34, B has B1-B36, etc. American, United, and some Delta flights are in Terminal A. Delta flights only are in Terminal B and C. Concourse D hosts flights from Continental, Air Canada, AirTran, Frontier, Midwest, Northwest, US Airways, and Spirit (and some more Delta flights!). Just be sure to check your boarding pass to make sure you are on the right concourse. Concourse E is the international terminal -- all inbound and outbound international flights go through here.
The following airlines provide service to or from Atlanta Airport:
Air Canada
