Terms & Conditions
Atlanta Summer Getaway
Experience all of Atlanta's exciting attractions this summer. Book your Atlanta getaway with one of our summer packages below, and enjoy great rates and more for your stay. Book by September 3.
Book Now Enjoy rates from $119 per night plus complimentary breakfast for two daily.
Book Now Enjoy rates from $94 per night plus complimentary high-speed internet access.
Book Now Enjoy rates from $114 per night plus complimentary self-parking.
Terms & Conditions
Magnificent hotels. Members-only savings.
Enjoy luxury for less with this exclusive offer for members of the Starwood Preferred Guest® program. Book now for stays through March 31, 2013 and enjoy:
Up to 35% off rates
Continental breakfast for two daily
Valid for weekend stays only
Book online, or call (866) 716-8147 and reference rate plan SPG35B.
Book Now Terms & Conditions
Stay the Night Before Your Flight - Park While You're Gone
Experience convenience and peace of mind this season by staying with us the night before you travel. Park your car at our hotel, relax in one of our traditional rooms the night before your flight, and take our complimentary shuttle to  Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , which is just minutes away!
Each of our packages include up to 7 days of parking so the money you save can be better spent on vacation!
Weekends from $129 per night
Weekdays from $209 per night 
For $10 more, avoid the long lines at the airport with  BAGS , our unique airport skycap service which allows you to check into your flight, receive your boarding pass and leave your luggage at the hotel as you travel to the airport.
Book Now Terms & Conditions
Pay Rates Equal to Your Birth Year!
We're celebrating the year you were born.  With this special offer for two or three night stays, you'll receive rates equal to your birth year! 
First night: from $129
Second or third night: rates equal to your birth year!  (If you were born in 1948, you'll receive your 2nd and 3rd nights at $48!) 
Rates for second and third night stays will be confirmed at check-in upon presentation of valid ID. Click Book Now or call 866-716-8128 and reference promotion code NBR to make your reservation today.
Book Now Terms & Conditions
Complimentary Internet and Breakfast
Take your business to new heights at The Westin Atlanta Airport with the new Westin Power Up Package. Our exclusive offer includes:
Complimentary daily breakfast for one
Complimentary daily in-room high speed internet access
Available all days of the week
Rates from $130 a night for Sunday-Thursday night arrivals for stays all days of the week
To make a reservation click Book Now or call 866-716-8128 and ask for promo code WPU.
Celebrate the one you love
Celebrate a weekend of romance on weekend stays and enjoy:
Rates from $139 per night
Full American Breakfast for two, via room service or restaurant
Sparkling wine and strawberries upon arrival
4pm late checkout, subject to availability
Valid for arrivals Friday - Saturday
Offer must be booked 2 days in advance
