Connections
Atlanta Airport Taxi
Being the hub of major businesses and tourist attractions, travelers coming to Atlanta can expect to be greeted by one of the busiest airports in the country -- Hartsfield Jackson International Airport.
Although the Atlanta airport is basically safe and cozy, no one would want to stay long in such a busy place.Perhaps,
you too have a limited time to spend going around the city so you might as well want to hit the road running right away.
However, Atlanta is not like New York. You cannot just step outside and call a taxicab anytime.
Although you might find some taxicabs waiting past the Atlanta airport gates as well as in major establishments such as hotels and shopping centers, they may not be readily available at your location so you may want to call our Atlanta Airport Taxi service to and from the airport or just to travel around town.
When expecting to visit the city, it would be best to book a taxicab ahead of time with Atlanta Royal's airport taxicab.
Your Atlanta Airport Taxi driver will meet you at the designated waiting area just within the vicinity of the airport
or if you are going to catch a flight out, Atlanta Airport Taxi will pick you up at  your location and transport you safe and sound to any of the Atlanta area airports
Atlanta taxi fare schedule may appear complicated especially for tourists.
When engaging a taxicab within the Downtown Zone, the prescribed flat rate is $8 for the first passenger and $2 for each additional passenger. You get to pay the flat rate regardless of the distance travelled, which means that you pay the same amount even if you are riding from one end to another of this zone or simply a few blocks away.
The same fare matrix applies in Buckhead and Midtown zones.
A passenger taking an Atlanta Airport Taxi from downtown to the Atlanta airport will have to pay $30 for the first passenger and $2 for each additional passenger.
Flat rates in other zones are slightly higher such as in Midtown and Buckhead with $32 and $40 flat rate, respectively.
In specified areas, cabs charge a metered rate of $2.00 for each mile travelled and $2.00 for each additional passenger.
There are several taxicab operators exclusively providing Atlanta airport transportation for people arriving or departing at the Atlanta airport.
You can choose from among these providers or pick the best deal "Atlanta Airport Taxi".
We offer convenient payment method so you should have not any problem.
If you are to visit Atlanta, the best advice I could give is for you to hire Atlanta Airport Taxi service.
Travelers, who choose to drive, often end up finding themselves in the midst of a nightmarish Atlanta traffic.
Square offers affordable and reliable credit card processing equipment and merchant account services for taxicabs and other mobile merchants.
Atlanta Airport Transportation | Taxicab Atlanta | Cabs Atlanta | Car Service Atlanta | Taxi Atlanta | Buckhead Taxi | Midtown Taxi | Downtown Taxi | Peachtree Taxi | Brookwood Taxi
Atlanta Airport Service | Atlanta Taxi | Atlanta Airport Transportation | Atlanta Limousine | Atlanta Car Service | Atlanta Airport Service | Limousine Atlanta | Transportation Airport
Copyright 2010 - 2011 Royal Industries Inc. All rights reserved.
418 Whitehall St SW
