Atlanta 4 Star Hotels
When traveling to the Atlanta, Georgia area staying at an airport area hotel may be a good option. Atlanta's Hartsfield Jackson International Airport is one of the busiest airports in the country and traffic to and from the airport can be extremely crowded. Staying at an airport hotel can reduce the length of time spent commuting in heavy traffic. One particular benefit of staying at an airport property is that most of these hotels offer complimentary airport transportation which eliminates the need to pay for an airport shuttle or car rental.
Crowne Plaza Hotel Atlanta Airport
The Crowne Plaza Hotel is located one mile from Hartsfield Jackson International Airport in Atlanta, Georgia. The property was renovated in 2007 and features a restaurant as well as two on-site bars. Accommodations include standard rooms, deluxe executive club level rooms, and suites. All rooms are equipped with pillow-top mattresses, cable television, Wi-Fi internet service and a CD player. Executive club level rooms include full refrigerators and a daily complimentary breakfast. A business center and 17 meeting rooms are located at the Crowne Plaza Hotel. The hotel also provides free 24 hour transportation to the airport. Crowne Plaza Hotel Atlanta Airport 1325 Virginia Avenue Atlanta, GA 30344 (877) 270-1393 http://www.crowneplaza.com
Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport South
Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport South is situated in College Park, Georgia, just over one mile from Hartsfield Jackson International Airport. This property provides complimentary parking and a free on-site business center. Rooms feature contemporary furnishings and one king or two double beds. All rooms have a separate living room area, sleeper sofa, and mini refrigerator. 42 inch high definition televisions and free Wi-Fi internet service are standard in every room. A breakfast buffet and airport transportation are provided free of charge. Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport South 1899 Sullivan Road College Park, GA 30337 (770) 994-2997 http://atlantaairportsouth.place.hyatt.com/
Hampton Inn Atlanta Airport
The Hampton Inn Atlanta is located just five minutes from the Atlanta airport and the hotel provides free airport shuttles. Guest rooms have either one king or two queen size beds. The Hampton Inn also has handicap accessible rooms for the comfort of disabled guests. All accommodations feature microwaves, mini refrigerators, and cable televisions. This property also has a fitness center, outdoor pool, and pay per transaction fax and copy services. Hampton Inn Atlanta-Airport 1888 Sullivan Road College Park, GA 30337 (770) 996-2220 http://www.hamptoninn.com/
References
Official Airport Hotels Website
About the Author
Tammi Clements is a Los Angeles, California based fashion, and entertainment writer. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in broadcast communications from the University Of Nevada, Las Vegas. Her articles have appeared in Jane Magazine,  Marie Claire Magazine, and Entertainment Weekly. She is currently writing her first novel, and travels the globe in her free time.
More Articles
