Home > Airport Information > Welcome from the GM
Welcome from the Aviation general manager
Welcome to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, the world's busiest airport, with nearly 90 million passengers annually.
You could not have chosen a more exciting period to provide air service out of Atlanta. Hartsfield-Jackson is in the final stages of completing a capital improvement program that will allow us to efficiently and affordably meet higher demands for air cargo and projections for significant increases in passengers.
Past projects through the capital improvement program include the fifth runway, which opened in 2006, and the rental car center and elevated ATL SkyTrain, which began service in 2009. Rounding out the program's high-profile projects is the newly opened Maynard H. Jackson Jr. International Terminal. Perfectly timed for the expected surge in international travel, this facility and its new concourse now connect with Concourse E to create a 40-gate international air travel gateway for Atlanta.
Hartsfield-Jackson makes it quick and easy for passengers to get from one place to another, including within the Airport itself. The Plane Train, the Airport's underground automated people mover, connects all seven concourses with the terminals. The wait time is less than two minutes between trains. Hartsfield-Jackson's transportation system and other factors led the Air Transport Research Society to name it the world's most efficient airport in 2011.
The Airport also offers convenient transportation to downtown Atlanta and points beyond through a Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) station inside the terminal.
Hartsfield-Jackson's vision is to be the global leader in airport efficiency and customer service excellence, and our staff members always are ready to help your operation here succeed. Please do not hesitate to call on me or any staff member for assistance.
The information in this handbook is subject to change at any time. Please contact Hartsfield-Jackson's Marketing division for the latest information.
Again, welcome to the Hartsfield-Jackson family. I look forward to a long and prosperous partnership with you.
Sincerely,
Louis E. Miller
Aviation General Manager
Our mission is to provide the Atlanta region a safe, secure and cost-competitive gateway to the
world that drives economic development, operates with the highest level of customer
service and efficiency, and exercises fiscal and environmental responsibility.
