Search our site by keyword:
Airport  
Your Gateway to the World
KNOWAtlanta's guide to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport
Even though you may not be calling Atlanta your new home just yet, chances are one of your first introductions to the Peach City was through the expansive concourses of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Every day, nearly 250,000 passengers travel through Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, making it the world’s busiest passenger airport—a distinction it has held for more than 10 years. Last year, 980,000 flights carrying more than 89 million passengers passed through the airport, including flights from some 80 international destinations. With its two terminals and six concourses, Atlanta has one of the largest airport terminal complexes in the world. The airport has five runways, 171 domestic and 28 international gates, nearly 300 concession outlets, more than 30,000 parking spaces, numerous art installations and a rental car center.
These numbers add up to a major economic boost for the metro area. The airport is a driving force for Georgia, generating $23.5 billion in revenue. It also provides employment for 58,000 people whose jobs are directly related to the airport, as well as an additional 18,000 jobs supported by airport-related businesses. A recent study determined that the airport has a direct economic impact of approximately $32.5 billion for the metropolitan Atlanta economy.
Getting There
Getting to Hartsfield-Jackson is easy: By car, you’ll follow either I-85 or I-285 and exit onto a network of roads that lead to the North or South terminals, as well as baggage claim and airport parking. Once you arrive at the airport, there are plenty of parking options: Hartsfield-Jackson offers more than 30,000 parking spaces—7,500 in the North and South Terminal economy parking lots, 1,300 in the Silver Reserve lot and 8,100 in the Park-Ride lots. For those who prefer to take public transportation, the airport is the final stop on MARTA’s Red Line. The airport MARTA station is connected to the South Terminal and offers a Delta curbside check-in station. Travelers using airlines based in the North Terminal have just a short walk to their check-in area.
Inside the Airport
Once inside the terminal, passengers shouldn’t have any trouble figuring out how to get to their gate. Hartsfield-Jackson is organized into a terminal building—housing the North and South terminals—and six concourses (T, A, B, C, D and E, the international concourse). Security at Hartsfield-Jackson moves quickly, thanks to a newly expanded security checkpoint area that includes four new lanes in the South Terminal and six new lanes in North Terminal, so that customers now have a total of 32 lanes at three checkpoints. Because of the new lanes, the average wait time is only 10 minutes, or 20 minutes if there’s a delay. Travelers can then access the concourses and gates via the Automated People Mover, a speedy, underground train that travels a 3.5-mile track. Ease of movement and exceeding customer expectations are the airport’s top priorities.
A Growing Airport
With those goals in mind, Hartsfield-Jackson is constantly growing and changing to best meet travelers’ needs. Southwest Airlines’ highly publicized buyout of AirTran Airways, which closed in May 2011, promises to bring the largest airline by domestic passenger volume to Atlanta. For the time being, AirTran, the second largest airline at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, continues to operate as a separate unit of Southwest and book flights under its name and through the AirTran website.
Atlanta is the largest domestic market that Southwest hasn’t served, but as the carriers complete their integration, it will have a large presence in Atlanta. Southwest’s acquisition of a hub at the nation’s busiest airport means more competition and lower fares for Atlanta travelers. The carriers’ merger also brings Southwest’s policies on baggage fees and seating to the forefront. Unlike many other leading airlines, Southwest doesn’t charge for checked baggage—up to two bags can be checked for free. Southwest also doesn’t assign seating. Instead, the airline assigns passengers to different boarding groups and positions based on time of check-in.
Improvements and expansions at Hartsfield-Jackson don’t end with domestic travel. Since 2008, the airport has been building the Maynard H. Jackson Jr. International Terminal. Construction is expected to be complete by spring 2012. Coming in at 1.2 million-square-feet, the new terminal boasts a 12-gate concourse, which will be known as Concourse F. Concourse F will join Concourse E (the existing international concourse) by an extension of the Plane Train, producing a 40-gate international travel gateway. Tired of having to do baggage rechecks? The new terminal removes the baggage recheck process for Atlanta-bound international travelers.
The terminal also provides relief for current facilities by eliminating international passengers from Concourse E and security checkpoints. It will also result in the lightening of passenger loads on the Automated People Mover trains as well as traffic flow within the Transportation Mall. The new terminal will have eight security checkpoint lanes for international departing passengers and five recheck lanes for domestic connecting passengers. Passengers will also enjoy a quicker boarding process; the terminal features an in-line baggage screening system. Looking for easy access to the airport? The terminal is located right off Interstate 75 on the east side of the airport and will include 1,100 new parking spaces near the entrance. Overall, the new terminal promises to generate thousands of jobs and cause a lasting positive effect on local businesses. Presently, the expected cost of this project totals $1.4 billion.
Retail and Relaxation
Regardless of whether you are flying domestically or internationally, airport stores and restaurants have long been a part of the air travel experience. At Hartsfield-Jackson, a retail renaissance is bringing in high-end retailers and businesses that offer better shopping choices and a true taste of Atlanta to the terminals and concourses. In addition, the airport recently introduced the Minute Suites program, a first-of-its-kind service giving travelers a private space to relax, do business or catch a nap. The Minute Suites are five private suites outfitted with a high-definition television, Internet access, daybed sofa, fresh pillows and a sound-masking system to neutralize noise. All of these services add up to a more pleasurable experience. For a taste of local fare, try Atlanta Bread Company in the Atrium and on Concourse C, Buckhead Books/Café Intermezzo on Concourse B, Paschal’s Southern Kitchen in the Atrium and on Concourse A and Savannah’s Candy Kitchen on Concourse B. The airports hometown retailers include All ATL on Concourse C, Atlanta magazine’s Home in the Atrium, the Georgia Aquarium’s Beyond the Reef in the Atrium and Zoo Atlanta’s Panda Veranda on Concourse B.
No matter where you are going, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport promises to make getting there a fun and pleasurable experience. Happy travels!
   
