Wellesley Inn Atlanta Airport
As of 2006, Wellesley Inn Atlanta Airport hotel underwent a full renovation in order to provide guests with the best in hotels at the most convenient of prices. Now standing at six stories and just one mile from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, this hotel offers modern guest rooms replete with cable TV, microwaves, refrigerators, coffeemakers and high-speed Internet access. Guests can hold venues business meetings in any of Wellesley Inn Atlanta Airport’s three meeting rooms,which range beetween750 square feet to 1,066 square feet.
Hilton Atlanta Airport
As the only Atlanta airport hotel to receive the AAA 4-Diamond Award for 18 consecutive years, Hilton Atlanta Airport is the perfect destination for guests seeking business, pleasure or both. Despite being located 10 minutes from Atlanta’s entertainment district­–and a few minutes from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport­–the hotel allows guests to enjoy the ultimate in quiet thanks to three-paned windows. Each guest room is outfitted with a 27-inch flat screen TV, coffee maker and two phone lines with voicemail.
Residence Inn By Marriott Atlanta Airport
After arriving at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, guests at the Residence Inn by Marriott Atlanta Airport hotel can call for the hotel’s complimentary shuttle service. Once at the hotel, you’ll find even more helpful amenities, such as free grocery shopping and housekeeping service. Guests can choose to prepare their own meals -- every guest suite is outfitted with a full kitchen­–or enjoy a free breakfast buffet. At Residence Inn by Marriott Atlanta Airport, you’ll also find a fitness room, sport court and pool.
Renaissance Concourse Atlanta Airport Hotel
At the Renaissance Concourse Hotel you’ll find large windows, beautiful views and an architectural design that minimizes noise pollution. This oasis can be found a mere mile from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport and can easily be reached via Atlanta’s major expressways. Each of the guest rooms opens out to the Renaissance Concourse Hotel’s 11-story atrium, creating a vibrant sight for both new arrivals and guests alike. Visitors may also request a balcony view of the airport runways and dine at the hotel’s Concorde Grill.
Motel 6 Atlanta Airport North
Offering free shuttle service to guests, Red Roof Atlanta Airport North is a quaint and convenient resting stop for travelers. Not only is the hotel located less than two miles from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, it also is within convenient walking distance of several area restaurants and eateries. Red Roof Atlanta Airport North provides a number of amenities, such as complimentary continental breakfasts, wireless Internet, a heated outdoor pool and valet laundry and dry cleaning. This hotel also welcomes pets.
Fairfield Inn and Suites By Marriott Atlanta Airport North
Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Atlanta Airport offers a great location that’s one mile away from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport and driving distance from many of Atlanta’s major attractions and tourist sites. At the hotel you’ll find that each guest room has been outfitted with anything a business or leisure traveler could need. With a work desk, hairdryer, iron, ironing board, coffee and two phone lines, Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Atlanta Airport has everything you could possibly need to get ready and up-to-date.
Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport-North
At two miles north of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport North, where guests enjoy the height of elegance and luxury. Arriving to an intimate coffee and wine café, computer room and TV den, visitors are whisked away to rooms that feature 42-inch flat panel high-definition televisions and complimentary high-speed wireless Internet access. Guests also may enjoy complimentary continental breakfasts, made-to-order meals, even Starbucks coffee–all from the comfort of Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport North.
Doubletree By Hilton Atlanta Airport
Above all, Doubletree Club Hotel Atlanta Airport hotel has been created for the needs and comfort of the business traveler. Offering a clubroom, ballroom, conference room areas, business center and high-speed wireless Internet access throughout the hotel, Doubletree Club Hotel Atlanta Airport is the perfect solution for your business. When not at work, guests can use the hotel’s heated outdoor pool or fitness center, or simply enjoy a drink at the hotel bar. Free shuttle service also is provided to and from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.
Comfort Inn and Suites Atlanta Airport North
With its location near Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, Comfort Inn and Suites Atlanta Airport North is conveniently within reach of the area’s major means of transportation­–allowing you easy travel to Downtown Atlanta and a number of venues such as New Georgia International Convention Center and Georgia World Congress. At Comfort Inn and Suites Atlanta Airport North you’ll also enjoy such amenities as free high-speed wireless Internet access, complimentary airport shuttle service, free parking, fitness center and pool.
Comfort Inn and Suites Camp Creek
Located two miles from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, Comfort Inn and Suites Camp Creek offers a newly renovated facility to guests. With six floors to choose from, Comfort Inn and Suites Camp Creek has plenty to offer in the way of leisure with a dining area, lounge, fitness center and pool. Guests also are treated to complimentary continental breakfasts, local calls, wake-up service, and weekday newspaper. Every room is equipped with a desk, coffee maker and individually controlled A/C and heat.
