Atlanta Airport Information and Event Transportation for the Cobb Galleria Centre
 
 
Airport & Transportation
Just 20 minutes separate Cobb Galleria Centre from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, which is served daily by 2,400 flights to 250 destinations worldwide. Hartsfield-Jackson bears the distinction of being "the world’s busiest passenger airport," and recently was named Most Efficient Airport.  More than 80 percent of the U.S. population is within a two-hour flight of Atlanta.
Shuttles:
Thirty shuttle services offer door-to-door and on-demand pickup service in the Atlanta metropolitan area. Vans carry seven to 14 passengers and depart every 15 minutes within the metropolitan area, and every 30 minutes for all other areas.
Dedicated Airport Shuttle Service – A&M Limo Corp. & Galleria Direct Inc.
(770) 955-4565
www.AandMLimo.com / www.GalleriaDirect.net
A&M Limo Corp. provides limousine, sedan, minibus and coach charter services to locations throughout the Atlanta area upon request. Galleria Direct provides customized round-trip and one-way airport transportation with continuous hourly airport services directly to and from the Cobb Galleria Centre, hotels, businesses and residences in the Cobb County area.
Taxis:
Hartsfield-Jackson’s taxi loading zone is located within the Ground Transportation Center just west of the South Terminal baggage claim area.
Rental Cars:
The Airport houses 11 rental car agencies, and there is free shuttle service to and from the Airport terminal and rental car pick-up and return areas.
Public Transportation:
(770) 427-4444, www.cobbdot.org
Cobb Community Transit (CCT) buses operate on major corridors in Cobb, with several routes accessing Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) bus stops and rail stations. All buses accommodate wheelchairs.  For more information on rates, schedules and fares, call (770) 427-4444 or www.cobbdot.org .
Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA)
(404) 848-4711, www.itsmarta.com
The Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) is Atlanta's state-of-the-art public transportation system.  Transfers are available to MARTA buses and CCT buses at no charge, but must be obtained at boarding.  For more information on routes, schedules, and fares call (404) 848-4711 or www.itsmarta.com
