404.767.0133 fax
Driving directions:
From I-85 or from the airport: follow signs to Camp Creek Parkway - we will be approximately 1.5 miles on the left on the corner of Global Gateway Connector and Camp Creek Parkway. Just look for our sign.
From I-285: follow Camp Creek Parkway approximately 1.5 miles to our lot on the right.
What to Expect at PreFlight ATL:
1) The entrance for PreFlight ATL is on Global Gateway Connector two blocks off of Camp Creek Parkway. The only time you will be asked to present a reservation is when the "FULL" light is on. This location very rarely fills to capacity. If you made a reservation and the "FULL" light is on, don't worry we saved a space for you! Otherwise, pull a ticket from the ticket dispenser (do not lose this ticket), and depending on your choice of parking service use the following directions:
  Covered Self Park ($13.50) - Drive to the entrance of covered parking and insert the white ticket that you just pulled from the ticket dispenser. Retrieve the ticket after it is processed and follow the signs to the designated row in the covered parking area.  For service to the New International Terminal see detail below. Please wait at your vehicle as one of our shuttle buses will pick you and your luggage up right at your vehicle within five minutes. Be sure to get a red locator slip from the driver. The red locator slip will have your parking space identified on the front and directions on where to get picked up upon your return on the back of the slip.
  Uncovered Self Park ($9.50) - After pulling a ticket at the entrance follow the signs to the "active" parking row. This is the row where our shuttle buses are actively loading customers. Park anywhere on the "active" row. Please note: if you park in an area other than the row the signs are directing you to, the shuttle may not be able to find you and your service will be delayed. For service to the New International Terminal see detail below.  Please wait at your vehicle as one of our shuttle buses will pick you and your luggage up right at your vehicle within five minutes. Be sure to get a red locator slip from the driver. The red locator slip will have your parking space identified on the front and directions on where to get picked up upon your return on the back of the slip.
2) Upon your return (we hope you had a great trip), and after you have collected your luggage follow the signs in the airport to Ground Transportation and go to spaces 41 or 42 in the "Off Airport Parking Shuttles" section. For service from the New International Terminal see detail below.  Please refer to the back of your red slip for further directions. A PreFlight shuttle will arrive at this area within five minutes. Please give your red slip to the driver. The driver will bring you back to your vehicle, giving first priority to covered parking customers and then by parking location.
3) Once you have reached your vehicle, follow the signs to the cashier exit located at the entrance plaza. Please have your white ticket, coupon, voucher, and payment ready. Please note: your coupon or voucher must be presented to the cashier before the transaction is completed in order to receive a discount. Thanks for parking with PreFlight.
New International Terminal Service:
PreFlight will operate a separate scheduled shuttle service to the new International Terminal every 20 minutes; on the hour, 20 and 40 after.
Park in the designated “International” row (in front of office for uncovered and the first row for covered).
The Arrivals area of the new Terminal will operate much differently than Ground Transportation. 
Upon your return call the PreFlight number on your locator slip 15 minutes before you’re ready for pick up. Once you are outside you must request a PreFlight bus from the Ground Transportation attendant.
PreFlight buses cannot go directly to the arrivals area of the new terminal. We must first go to a holding lot and wait for the Ground Transportation attendant to clear us.
The drive to/from the new terminal will take 10 – 15 minutes. 
We will evaluate and adjust our service to the new terminal based on demand.
