Jun 1, 2012
Relax in style, just minutes from Atlanta’s airport
Style, comfort and convenience all rolled into one. The 10-story marble-and-glass atrium welcomes guests. Relax in the outdoor heated pool or grab a Starbucks coffee. The Palio Restaurant is open from 6:30 AM to 2 PM and from 5 PM to 11 PM. Also available is 24-hour room service. The Westin Atlanta Airport hotel is just minutes from downtown Atlanta. Certain airlines allow guests to check-in bags and get boarding passes in the hotel.
Highlights
Complimentary shuttle service to and from airport
For certain airlines, check bags and receive boarding pass in hotel
 24-hour room service and business center
Wi-Fi available (fees apply)
Rooms
The newly-renovated rooms of the Westin Atlanta Airport hotel feature the signature Westin Heavenly Bed and Westin Heavenly bath. Furnishings are modern-contemporary. All rooms feature an in-room safe, flat-screen TV and a jack pack that lets guests utilize their TV, computer and iPod all from the same source. Suites, accessible and non-smoking rooms are available. For guests traveling with pets, the hotel will provide a Westin Heavenly Dog Bed.
Features
The Westin Atlanta Airport hotel features heated indoor and outdoor pools, Jacuzzi, 24-hour fitness center, jogging path and sun deck. There's also a laundry-valet service. There are two restaurants: Palio features contemporary American cuisine and Revive is a take-out restaurant. Martinis lobby bar offers fine wine, top-shelf beverages and imported beer. The business center offers a wide range of services. The multilingual staff is sure to make visitors from around the world feel at home. The hotel provides a complimentary national newspaper on weekdays.
Transportation
Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport (1.2 mi/1.9 km)
Underground Atlanta (11 mi/17.7 km)
Easy access to I-285 and I-85
Complimentary shuttle service to and from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport
Airport SkyCap Service allows guests using certain airlines to check bags and receive boarding passes in hotel
Attractions
Turner Field (home of the Atlanta Braves) (10 mi/16.1 km)
The World of Coca Cola (10.9 mi/17.5 km)
Georgia World Congress Center (11.6 mi/18.7km)
Martin Luther King Center (11.6 mi/18.7 km)
Georgia Dome (home of the Atlanta Falcons) (11.9 mi/19.1 km)
Carter Center (12.9 mi/20.8 km)
Six Flags Over Georgia (17.9 mi/28.8 km)
Stone Mountain Park (28.9 mi/46.5 km)
Business
23,000 square feet of flexible meeting and banquet facilities
25 separate meeting rooms, all with high-speed Internet access
Amphitheatre with task lamps and ergonomic seating at each work station
Business services including printing, copying, computer rental and secretarial service
Policies and fees
Fees apply for pet accommodations and self and valet parking
This is not a comprehensive list of fees. Any amounts listed above may not include taxes and are subject to change.
The Westin Atlanta Airport Rooms
Traditional
Which Hotels Do Customers Book After Viewing This Hotel?
64%  of customers booked The Westin Atlanta Airport
5%  of customers booked
Reviewer score 4.0 out of 5
4%  of customers booked
Reviewer score 4.2 out of 5
3%  of customers booked
Reviewer score 4.2 out of 5
Hotel Map
Area served
Atlanta, Buckhead, College Park, Decatur, Douglasville, Lenox, East Point, Fayetteville, Forest Park, Griffin, Hapeville, Jonesboro, Marietta, Peachtree City, Riverdale, Stockbridge, Hampton, Union City, Vinings
Nearby airports
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, (ATL), 1.00, MI;
Area description
