Post a comment
The Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is also known as Atlanta Airport, Hartsfield-Jackson, and Hartsfield Airport. It is the world's busiest airport, which is visited by over 85 million people going in and out every year. The airport was previously a race track, but became an airport in 1925 and now hosts many international flights. With all of these passengers coming in, Atlanta International is expected to be big, and definitely it is. With 5.8 million square feet, one can easily get lost so read up and get ready so you will not miss your flight.
First of all, you must learn about the layout and design of Atlanta Airport. One of the easiest ways to do this is to visit their official website and download the guides on www.atlanta-airport.com. The maps are concise and detailed, so it is easy for you to find your way through the airport.
To save time, do not forget to check your flight details so that you will not get confused when the day rolls around. Being an early bird and going there before most will allow you less waiting time in lines. If you have not yet booked your flight, it is best to make it when there are less people flying through. Lastly, you can check-in online so you do not have to rush.
If you are going on a domestic flight, upon arrival, go straight to the T-Gates security checkpoint, which has only half a concourse that will save you time waiting in lines instead of going to the main checkpoint, which has five concourses and is constantly filled with people. After getting through, find your way to the subway to get where you need to go. Unfortunately, passengers with international flights have to pass through the main checkpoint, so this does not work for everyone.
After you have gone through the necessary processes within the airport and you still have free time, feel free to venture out into the different parts of the airport. The Atrium in the main terminal hosts a wide variety of retail stores, restaurants, art exhibits and more. The various concourses have their own surprises in store, so do not forget to pass by them, too.
Each concourse houses Delta Air Lines, which is a major airline in Atlanta International. Concourse T hosts United Airlines; Concourse C has Comair and AirTran whilst Concourse B houses Hooters Air. For Air Canada, America West, Continental Airlines, Frontier Airlines, Northwest Airlink, Independence Air and US Airways, go to Concourse D. For international flights, you can find your way to Concourse E, which among its many airlines hosts Aeromexico, British Airways, and Lufthansa.
After exploring, one can get to the flight area from Concourses T, A, and B by walking. Otherwise, one can take the subway at the station.
When departing from the airport, one can choose from public transport or taxis. A taxi to downtown Atlanta costs about $25 per head. Public transportations include the bus or shuttle which cost you for only $12 and the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA), which has a subway station on the left side of the main terminal, costs only $1.50 per ride.
