Download Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport-South hotel fact sheet.
During your stay, you can enjoy specialty Starbucks® coffee drinks and friendly conversation at the intimate Bakery Cafe'.  A Host will happily assist you with orders from the 24-hour Guest Kitchen, which offers café-quality, made-to-order meals and snacks along with a complimentary hot breakfast daily.
To learn more about Hyatt Place, click here .
View our Hyatt Destinations Atlanta city guide for insider information on local culture, restaurants, shopping, events and more.
Guest bathrooms with contemporary design updates and more energy efficient utilities  
This College Park hotel features spacious guestrooms each with the Hyatt Grand Bed™ and a 42" flat panel HDTV
Complimentary Wi-Fi available throughout the hotel
New complimentary a.m. Kitchen Skillet™, featuring freshly prepared breakfast sandwiches, waffles, French toast, pancakes and steel cut oatmeal, is available daily in our Guest Kitchen
Outdoor swimming pool
24/7 Guest Kitchen serves made-to-order snacks and entrees
Intimate Bakery Café serves Starbucks® specialty coffees, premium beers and wines
Grab 'n Go case offers muffins, salads, sandwiches and bottled beverages
e-room with complimentary computers and a printer
Complimentary onsite parking
Complimentary airport shuttle beginning 5:05am to 2:00am
This is a smoke-free hotel
Turner Field - 10 miles from the hotel:
Spend a day at the "Home of the Braves". Click here for more information about the park and a schedule of upcoming games.
Georgia International Convention Center – 2 miles from hotel:
For more information, click here .
Atlanta Motor Speedway – 22 miles from hotel:
For more information, click here .
HiFiBuys Amphitheater - 8 miles from the hotel:
Click here for a schedule of upcoming live performances.
Nascar Labor Day Classic 500 at Atlanta Motor Speedway, September 4, 2011
Immerse yourself in a unique racing experience in the Belk High Octane Theater for select NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races. For more information, click here .
Hartfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport(ATL): 2¼ miles from the hotel
For more information, click here .
Birmingham International Airport(BHM): 150 miles from the hotel
For more information, click here .
For help making a reservation at Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport-South, or to speak with a dedicated reservations agent, please call toll-free:  888 HYATT HP (1-888-492-8847).
TDD (hearing impaired) from within the United States and Canada call toll-free: 1-800-834-1408.
