  
Facilities
This airport has it's good and it's bad points.  From the point of view of arriving at this airport, it is mediocre at best.  Once off the plane, you frantically search for the baggage claim signs.  This could be improved upon greatly.  Once getting downstairs to the shuttles between concourses, you are rushed to the baggage claim efficiently.  The rental car facilities are well maintained and usually staffed.   Leaving the rental car facility is simple, then you enter and head directly into the hell that is baggage check-in.  If you are fortunate carry-on, you are in luck, not much waiting.  Typically we travel with odd engineering tools which can be a hassel to explain to TSA "agents" who apparently moonlight as Walmart employees.  So a carry-on is usually in favor.  When you approach the desk, and I've only struggled with Delta, check-in agents are often discourteous.  Many stand around under signs which indicate that terminal is open, and when you approach them, they are quick to inform you to choose another line.  The lines are long, because only one person usually checks bags per every 25 people standing in line. Once through this, heading for security is simple. There are many places to chop and eat both inside and outside security.  The frustration here is their "expert traveler" security point.  Located at the end of the hall, quite often you get stragglers who miss the main security gate.  I have no problem spending a few minutes in security if means I get home safely.  My frustration is with those who are completely unprepared and think the world has to wait on them.   Once through, heading to your gate is simple - at the gate, the shops and eateries throughout the concourses.  But there isn't enough seating in the gate area for those on each plane.  Often crowds and lines form into the main aisle, putting you harms way of being run over with impatient shuttle (golf cart) drivers chauffeuring loads of elderly and morbidly obese people.  Grab something to eat, if there's room, and if you have time to stand in line.  Do some shopping, or find a seat four gates away.  People watching is always a good way to pass the time.
ATLANTA HARTSFIELD AIRPORT customer review :  9 January 2011 by Jim Henderson   (Australia)
Customer Rating :  1/5
