Austin, TX
5/31/2012
There is an old Southern expression that goes "Even if you are going to Hell, you have to go through Atlanta." Now I have not surveyed which folks in Hartsfield-Jackson were going there were going to Hell because that is really none of my business. And even if you are a "concerned" Southerner, it is considered rude to ask! If you really want to know, just make casual, slow, polite conversation and you will probably figure it out soon enough.
Now back to the airport. Once you are inside of this airport, try not to freak out when you see the size of the crowds. At first thought you will think "dear sweet baby Jesus save me because I am in hell!" Well its not that bad because these folks in the busiest airport are pretty danged good at handling crowd volume and they move pretty quick. Even if you are checking a bag.
When I travel I am not in an airport for their food choices. My life is geared toward getting as quickly as possible to my new destination wherever I may roam. But I must admit that the food choices here are pretty decent as far as airports go. Again, don't let the lines freak you out because they move surprisingly fast.
Now let me tell ya folks about the two BIG negatives about this airport. PARKING and TRAFFIC.
Fist issue to me is TRAFFIC. If you are flying into this airport as your final destination and it is anywhere near rush hour, you may as well stay in the airport and have a drink because there is no sense rushing to get a rental car and then sitting in traffic. The airport is located in a particularly bad spot on the south side of the city where traffic converges from about 3 different spots. The SAME goes for catching your flight outbound. Book your damn ticket about mid-morning if you have the option or there stands a good chance you might not make your flight just because of traffic.
The next issue is PARKING. Again, what effects the parking issue is the traffic. I recommend that you park your personal vehicle in a PRIVATE lot off of the airport property. It is more expensive but you can catch a shuttle to your airline terminal in a flash. I trust the security at the private lots more too. The actual on-site airport parking means you could possibly walk, and walk, and walk and walk for several days before getting to the airport. Atlanta heat and humidity will have you drenched with sweat and if it raining or cold it is equally as miserable.
I never had a problem there but parking lot security on the airport site is non-existent to me. They are there (so they say) but there is a whole helluva lot of real estate for them to cover. I don't see how they can do it. Again, take your family or yourself and go with a PRIVATE lot. Its worth it so don't be lured by less expensive airport parking options. They will also help you get your bags to the curb or outdoor check-in. Don't be a cheap-ass! Tip them a couple of bucks!
So hopefully folks this review will be helpful to you my fellow road warriors. So even if you HAVE to go to Atlanta, it won't feel too much like you have gone to Hell!
Now if the Devil is a Southerner, I hope he at least serves one glass of complimentary sweet tea AND if there is a TSA type of authority that has a security checkpoint in Hell, it would be my gamble that they would fondle and grope you in every which way possible so be prepared! Oh wait! That might be Heaven for some folks.. alas..I digress!
I am YOUR travel buddy! I am the Mad Yelper Dude and this IS an election year and I approve of this message!
Was this review …?
