Airport Facilities
Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), better known as Atlanta Airport, is situated 7 miles (11km) south of the city center of Atlanta, Georgia. Since 1999, it has been the world’s busiest airport, serving 88 million passengers annually. The busiest international flights to Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport come in from Cancun, Paris, Amsterdam, Toronto and Jamaica.
A massive facility, Atlanta Airport has two terminals that are separated by an atrium comprising a spacious seating area, numerous restaurants and shops, a bank, business center, the MARTA train station and the Ground Transportation Center. Six concourse buildings provide boarding access for passengers.
Overall, Atlanta Airport is organized and efficient. However, it’s fairly easy to get lost if you’re a first-time visitor. Luckily there's an abundance of information desks and helpful staff. An Automated People Mover ensures that passengers travel between terminals and concourses with ease and efficiency.
Terminal Transfer
Atlanta Airport covers 5,800,000 square feet (539,000m<sup>2</sup>). There are two terminals, namely the North Terminal and the South Terminal, in addition to six concourses. To get between terminals and concourses you can either walk via the rather long Transportation Mall (hallway), which includes a series of moving walkways, or catch the Automated People Mover, The Plane Train.<p>
Getting into Town
Train: Located just past baggage claim, the Marta Subway station provides rapid transport to the city at a fee of $2 (one way). The trip takes 15 minutes and free transfers for rail and bus are included.
Taxi: Taxis run from the airport to business districts according to a flat-rate fee of $30 for a trip to Downtown Atlanta, $32 to Midtown, and $40 to Buckhead. There’s also a charge of $2 for each additional passenger and a $1.50 flag drop fee. The duration of the journey is between 20 and 30 minutes.
Bus: Marta Bus services charge a flat rate of $2 for a one-way ticket to the city. A free shuttle service transports passengers to nearby hotels. 
Car Parking
Atlanta Airport’s car parks can accommodate up to 31,000 cars. There are both short-term and long-term parking options, as well as hourly car parks for quick visits. Rates are $3 per hour for all car parks; however, maximum daily charges are between $16 and $36, depending on their proximity to the airport.     
