12-06-12 01.30pm
Custom's Personnel
Atlanta over all is ran efficiently but they do have a problem with customs profiling passengers. They stopped my group which is a religious organization coming back from a mission trip. We had an 80 year old man and a lady with bad knees and they singled us out for the final scan which makes no sense since our bags have already been scanned twice before arriving here. The bad part was once we walked all the way around and got scanned they didn't give us the "Blue Card" so when we got back to the check point he told us to go back and get scanned again because we didn't have the card and he didn't know if we got scanned or not so we had to walk all the way back and get in line again! What a bunch of crap! They need to get their act together!
Posted by Mr Tom Red
Airport Rating
21-04-12 05.39am
ATL Security Part 2
Agreeing with Cheerleader here - Hartsfield-Jackson has the worst border security staff I've ever encountered and I have also traveled the world. They have terrible, bossy, unprofessional attitudes and think nothing of being rude to their 'customers'. There's a few great people in security there, but they're not the first points of contact. You only get to meet the nice guys if you're singled out for the 'special treatment'. My first impression of Atlanta as a foreigner was that it was the most unfriendly place I'd ever been to.
Posted by Ven Der Bender
Airport Rating
02-01-12 05.08pm
ATL Security
I love our airport in Atlanta because it is beautiful clean and easy to navigate . The only drawback is the security people with their awful attitudes! They treat people bad even if they don't have to. I am always treated well at other airports around the world (120 countries thus far.) Why can't this Atlanta cheerleader enjoy the greatest airport in the world?
Posted by Ms J Zer
Airport Rating
02-03-11 03.57pm
Best Run Operation
I live in Atlanta and have to fly in and out of ATL pretty regularly. It is my experience that it is one, if not the best, run operation of any airport I have been in. Generally, there is less time spent taxiing around the airport due to the terminal being in the middle of the five  parallel runways. There is no waiting for landing aircraft when you are taking off due to all of the landing and departing flights being on their own separate runways. There are no crissed crossed runways like at many other airports. Moving around inside the airport is pretty simple and can be done by riding the underground train between concourses. There is no having to go through security again for connecting passengers unless, they choose to leave the concourse areas on their own. You are not exposed to the elements as you can be at other airports when changing concourses. Yes, the airport can get pretty crowded and congested at times, but it is the busiest airport for passenger operations, along with arrivals and departures in the world. Best of all, I can get to most places in the world on a non-stop flight.
Posted by Mr Tom Carlson
Airport Rating
18-02-11 10.04pm
Super Efficient
ATL has finally gotten its act together.  Security is through one main checkpoint but there is little wait. I've traveled on the day before Thanksgiving for 3 years in a row now and with no problems or long wait times. The airport is clean and functional and with the renovation of the atrium a few years ago, quite pretty. The only complaint I would have would be with the airlines...not the airport.
Posted by Mr Terry J
Airport Rating
