Corporate Airport Sedan & Van Service in Atlanta
 
 
Welcome to Midway Limousine Service of Atlanta
Midway is Atlanta’s most preferred Limousine service. For over a decade, our ultimate goal continues to be, to make every limo, van or sedan ride with us a memorable, pleasurable and a comfortable experience. At Midway Limousine Service we respond to your reservation - big or small - with utmost professionalism.
Since our inception, Midway Limousines has provided its clients with professional, reliable and prestigious ground transportation services that include but not limited to: Airport transfers, conventions, corporate events, weddings, special events and funerals.
Midway Limousines offer well-groomed, experienced and knowledgeable chauffeur's equipped with two-way radios and cell phones. In addition, we offer luxury sedan, SUV, stretch limousine, van and mini bus services.
By choosing Midway Limousines as your transportation provider:
You will have made the best       choice in selecting a company that has achieved exemplary business       reputation servicing corporate clients reliably for over a decade.
You will receive prompt and       reliable scheduling, courteous chauffeur and clean, immaculate vehicles       whenever you call for airport transportation, corporate event service, van       and sedan services among others.
You can enjoy ground       transportation, from Hartsfield- Jackson        International Airport transfer to corporate event services, which       are provided with the highest degree of reliability and professionalism.
You will have access to       superior limousine service in major cities across the U.S., including Atlanta,       Acworth, Alpharetta, Duluth,       Kennesaw, Norcross and Roswell, with the convenience of one       bill and coordinated transportation service.
We look forward to exceeding your ground transportation needs  and expectations.
John Jeffreys
MIDWAY LIMOUSINE IS  BBB ACCREDITED BUSINESS
WITH AN “A+” RATING:
LICENSES & CERTIFICATIONS
Midway Limousine, Inc. is fully insured and       bonded with a minimum general commercial liability of one million dollars.       ($1,000,000)
Insurance Agent: Tom Blanton of Martens Johnson @ 678-482-2254
Insurance Policy Number: OPOL000028
We are incorporated in the State of Georgia with certificate number 0579321 to conduct       business within the State of Georgia.
The Georgia Public Service Commission has       certified Midway Limousine, Inc. Certificate Number LC500493
Midway Limousine, Inc. is fully licensed in the       City of Marietta with Business License Number 00060022
Midway Limousine, Inc has been fully permitted       by the Georgia Department of Revenue to conduct Intrastate Services with       Permit Number MCA 219690 CLASS “IE”
Midway Limousine, Inc. is fully licensed and       permitted by the City of Atlanta to provide Airport Transportation to and from Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport with Permit Number 004824
