+ Subscribe
skew-t/Flickr.com
If you're going to ride MARTA at all, take it to or from the Atlanta airport .  It is quick and easy and you don't have to deal with traffic or parking.  Plus, the train station enters right into the terminal with a convenient self check-in kiosks for Delta and AirTran.
Here are some tips to keep in mind when traveling to the Atlanta airport:
A few MARTA stations offer overnight parking, ranging from $5-$8/day, which is cheaper than airport parking (cheapest airport rates are $10/day).  See the list of your MARTA parking options here. 
Hang on to your breeze ticket or card (which you can purchase at vending machines at any train station).  The Breeze tickets are no longer reloadable, so be sure to put enough one-way fares on the ticket if you plan to return to the airport or make additional MARTA trips (fare is $2 each one-way). Otherwise, hang on to your Breeze card and reload it as necessary.
Try to place your luggage under your seat or in the designated luggage areas, which are usually at the ends of the train, and in some cases, in the middle. Look for the suitcase sticker or otherwise empty space not taken up by seats
Plan your trip accordingly.  From Five Points it is about a 16 minute ride to the airport, 26 from Lindbergh, 43 from North Springs and about 40 minutes from Doraville.  On the east/west line, it is 20 minutes from Indian Creek to Five Points, and 9 minutes from H.E. Holmes to Five Points.
After exiting the through the fare gates, the Delta kiosks will be on your right, and the AirTran counter on the left and through the sliding doors.
When traveling from the Atlanta airport:
The train station is located at the very far end of the terminal, past all the baggage claims (see terminal map ).  When you come up the escalator from the people mover train, if you were to keep walking staight ahead you'd run right into the station.  However, there is a a wall there.  So you can turn right or left at the top and walk around the rental car stands/restrooms to get to the station.  There are signs as well to point you in the right direction.
You can buy a new ticket or a Breeze card at the station.  You can't refill the paper tickets, so if you are visiting and plan to return to the airport at a later time, be sure to put multiple trips on your ticket.  Each one-way fare is $2.  Once you have your card, tap your card on the blue circle to enter. 
If there are two trains there and you can decipher which train is going where (either North Springs on the red line or Doraville on the gold line), then you can get on the appropriate train at the Airport Station.  Sometimes the trains aren't labelled.  However, all trains go to Five Points, Peachtree Center, Civic Center, North Avenue, Midtown, Arts Center and Lindbergh Center.  If any of those stops are your destination, just get on the train that is first to leave.
If there is only one train at the Airport Station, please get on the train that is available.  Especially if you are riding after 9pm, you can ONLY get to a North Springs train (Buckhead, Medical Center, Dunwoody, Sandy Springs and North Springs) at Lindbergh Center.  You don't want to be stuck waiting for a train that never arrives and you can always transfer at Lindbergh if necessary.
Remeber to place your luggage under your seat or in the designated luggage areas
