Santa Monica, CA
9/6/2011
I am writing to express my disgust in the stay that I have had at the Atlanta Gateway Marriott hotel. I have not had a stay at a Marriott where I have had such a poor experience.
It began on September 1st. After checking in. a co-worker and I went to the lobby bar to have dinner and a drink. After putting in our order or wings we waited 45 minutes before asking again at the bar about our order at which time we were brought the wings which had obviously been sitting for quite awhile. It continued when on the 2nd when the 5 gallon water cooler in the gym was out of water. It's 5 Gallons. How do you miss that?
On the 3rd I called down to the valet to have my car brought around but after many rings there was no answer. When I came down and my car was brought to the front of the hotel I immediately noticed that there was damage to my vehicle. I pointed it out to the valet who went and got a supervisor. They brought around the ticket for the car where damage was noted on the ticket. This damage had not been noted on the ticket when I had dropped off the car and was in a different had writing then the person who wrote out the original ticket. The valet supervisor explained to me that they don't mark the tickets and that another valet may have parked the car and noted the damage. This is absolutely unacceptable. To take possession of the car, not marking the ticket for damage, and then to say that they found the damage later and marked it at that point is outrageous. After returning to the hotel later that day I found that my room had not been cleaned, even though I had removed the "Do not disturb" sign by 11 am.
I returned to the gym on the 4th to find that two of the three sanitizing wipe containers were completely empty.
On the 5th a co-worker and I went to the front desk to inquire about the laundry services at the hotel. While in the middle of our conversation and before it being resolved one of the two front desk workers walked away to make a personal call at another area of the desk. While we were trying to get change for the laundry machines the woman helping us didn't have the quarters we needed. We then had to wait for the gentleman to finish his conversation about trying to get to a barbeque, for him to give us change so that we would be able to do our washings.
Overall the service at the Champion restaurant was poor. Constantly having to go up to the bar to put in orders even on slow evenings.
Having been a platinum member for the better part of six years I have come to expect a certain level of service at Marriott properties, especially at the full service hotels. This has by far been the worst experience of my stays at Marriott. It is the consensus among the other six co-workers that have been staying at your hotel with me that we will not be returning. We have all experienced a lack of professionalism and quality that we expect. Seven people for an average of six days in our stay and a bar tab of $700 on Sunday night alone, I am sure that we would be welcomed by most other hotels.
Was this review …?
