3.8
Check Atlanta's 7 day forecast at NOAA
Atlanta is on the Piedmont Plateau, at an approximate elevation of 800 ft - 1900 ft (240 m - 580 m) above sea level. The city is thus somewhat cooler than other places in the US South, a fact that certainly helped the growth of the city before the introduction of air conditioning.
Atlanta experiences a very wide range of temperatures. Temperatures in winter are overall mild to warm, but cold-fronts can bring light accumulations of snow and lows occasionally plummet into the teens.  However, days are usually in the 50's and nights in the low to mid 30's. Ice-storms are very rare, but not unheard of. Summers are hot and humid, with temperatures frequently reaching above 90°F (32°C), thus the city earning the nickname "Hotlanta". Rainfall is high in late winter and early spring, and afternoon thunderstorms are common in summer. Spring and autumn are the best times to visit.  The region is often affected during hurricane season (June 1 to November 30) from remnants that spill out from the Gulf, bringing heavy rains and sometimes high winds.
[ edit ] History
Atlanta began taking substantive shape in 1837 when the Western & Atlantic Railroad selected the site as the Southern end of its tracks. The town was called Terminus until 1843 when it was renamed Marthasville after the daughter of Gov. Wilson Lumpkin. In 1847, the city was renamed Atlanta, supposedly a feminine form of "Atlantic" probably created by an engineer with the Western & Atlantic. The city was incorporated in 1847.
By the outbreak of the Civil War in 1861, Atlanta was a major railroad hub, manufacturing center, and supply depot. But, in 1864, in order to cripple transportation between the South and the North, Union General William T. Sherman's army burned all of the railroad facilities, almost every business and more than two-thirds of the city's homes to the ground during his infamous "March to the Sea." Atlanta lay in ruins, the only major American city ever destroyed by war.
Atlanta's first resurgence began soon after. Within four years of Sherman's attack, the Georgia capital was moved from Milledgeville to Atlanta and a drive to attract new business was underway. In the meantime, college and universities began to open, telephones were introduced, and trolleys began to roll. In 1895, the Cotton States and International Exposition in Piedmont Park showed 800,000 visitors and residents that Atlanta was headed in a new direction and braced for the 20th century.
By the late 1920s, a downtown business sector had taken shape, giving Atlanta much of the distinct pattern it maintains today. At the same time, Atlanta Alderman (and later Mayor) William B. Hartsfield campaigned long and hard to convince the city to turn a vacant racetrack into an airport. Today, Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport is the world's busiest airport, with more than 80 million annual passengers.
While the city continued its economic surge, it also became known as the "City Too Busy to Hate." Atlanta and Georgia preempted much of the strife associated with the 1950s and '60s by taking the lead in the Southeast in strengthening minority rights. The city's strongest identification with the movement was through its native son, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Much has been accomplished in the last 25 years to elevate Atlanta to world-class status. An efficient public transportation system, MARTA, was put in place; Underground Atlanta was added to the entertainment map; the Georgia World Congress Center made the city a convention hub; the Georgia Dome was built in 1992; and Philips Arena was built in 1999.
From July 20 through August 4, 1996, all eyes were on Atlanta as it hosted the Centennial Olympic Games. The city successfully hosted the biggest Olympic Games ever, showcasing itself to 2 million people in person and 3.5 billion people through global broadcast.
The Olympics served as a catalyst for a second resurgence of Atlanta as it experiences a dramatic transformation from great American city to greater international city by fueling more than $6 billion in development and changes.
Most recently, Atlanta has become a major conference and convention destination, due mostly to the enormous airport and favorable weather. Most of the conference venues are located around the Peachtree Center MARTA station in downtown, and when there is a large show in town, it can sometimes seem as though every other person in the city is wearing a name tag.
[ edit ] Movies and Television
Atlanta’s southern culture, deep history, and bustling city have been the backdrop for numerous classic films.
Gone with the Wind (Victor Fleming, 1939). Steeped in Confederate politics, a struggle for survival, and unavoidable love intrigues, this film has the rare distinction of being as good as if not better than the classic southern book it is based on.
Driving Miss Daisy (Bruce Beresford, 1989). This film tactfully explores the racial issues of the civil rights-era through the nuances of a relationship between a wealthy white woman and her black chauffer.
ATL (Chris Robinson, 2006). A coming of age drama set in the hip-hop culture of the modern city.
Atlanta is also the background for the popular television show "The Walking Dead".
[ edit ] Visitor informaton
Atlanta Convention & Visitors Bureau (Atlanta Visitor Information), 233 Peachtree Street, NE (Underground Atlanta), ☎ +1 404 521-6600, [2] . M-Sa 10AM-6PM, Su noon-6PM.   edit
[ edit ] Get in
If you fly into Atlanta, you'll be touching down at the busiest airport in the world: Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport
[ edit ] By plane
Atlanta's principal airport is Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport ( IATA : ATL ICAO : KATL) [3] ("Hartsfield–Jackson," "ATL," or just "the airport" to locals), located about 8 miles south of downtown. Hartsfield-Jackson has been the world's busiest airport since 1999, and is a major hub for Delta Air Lines and AirTran Airways. However, its efficient layout means it is also easy to navigate and not as delay-prone as many other hub airports.
On the domestic side, Hartsfield–Jackson is one large building separated into South Terminal (Delta and its partners) and North Terminal (all other airlines), connected by a central Atrium with a smattering of restaurants. The security line is through the Atrium, and because it is centralized, is usually fast; you can check current wait times at [4] .
The gates are in 7 concourses; in order they are T, A, B, C, D, E, and F.  To go between concourses, you take an escalator down to a long underground hallway, and take the fast Plane Train, or walk (it's about 1000 feet between each concourse).  It's never necessary to leave and then re-enter security, and tight connections are very feasible, assuming you arrive on time.
Concourses E and F are the international concourses, and are where you will go through customs and immigration when arriving from abroad (unless you connected from another U.S. airport). You can be picked up by car directly from the international terminal, or take taxis or some shuttles. For all other ground transportation (rental cars, public transit, and more shuttles), take the free shuttle connector to the domestic terminal or car rental center. When departing on an international flight, you should likewise get dropped off or return to the international terminal to check in.
Hartsfield–Jackson is the terminus of the southern branch of MARTA, the city rail system (see Get around below). For travel to downtown, midtown, or northern Atlanta, this is a convenient and economical way of getting there, although usually one of the slowest. Most MARTA stations have taxi stands, and some hotels have free shuttles which will collect from the nearest MARTA station on telephone request.
Other ground transportation options include taxis, shuttle vans to certain hotels and conference centers, and a car rental center. Taxis are fixed-rate when going to/from the airport and major business areas (Downtown $30, Midtown $32, Buckhead $40; excluding fees); be sure to insist on this fare. The airport is easily accessible from the highways (I-85 for domestic terminals, I-75 for international terminal), and driving or being picked up is one of the fastest ways to or from the airport—just beware the surly police officers who will not let cars linger in the drop-off/pick-up zones.
Although the airport has all the conveniences you'd expect (several for-pay WiFi providers and free access to a few Atlanta web sites, an assortment of slow overpriced restaurants, etc.) there is not much else to see or do. If you find yourself with free time, go contemplate the Zimbabwean stone statues in the underground corridor between Concourses T and A, or check out the scenery in brand-new Concourse F. There are good restaurants scattered throughout the airport; but, if you have ample free time (and we do mean ample), go to Concourses E and F (the international ones) for a better selection of restaurants and nicer atmosphere. The USO has a lounge outside security upstairs from the domestic Atrium (M-F 7AM-9PM, Sa 7AM-6PM, Su 7AM-8PM).
[ edit ] By train
Atlanta is served by Amtrak [5] 1-800-872-7245. Amtrak's Crescent train runs daily and serves New York , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , Charlotte , Gainesville , Birmingham and New Orleans . Southbound, the train leaves New York just before 3PM, calls at Atlanta at around 9AM the next day and reaches New Orleans by 8PM. Northbound, the train leaves New Orleans at around 7AM, calls at Atlanta at around 8PM and reaches New York by 2PM the next day.
The Atlanta Amtrak station is located at 1688 Peachtree St. N.W., which is several miles north of downtown and the airport. To connect from MARTA, take bus #23 or #110, which can be transferred to at Buckhead Station and Arts Center Station. There is no on-site parking at the Amtrak station, but Elite Parking [6] has a surface lot nearby and offers longterm parking at reasonable rates.
[ edit ] By bus
Greyhound Bus Lines [7] , 1-800-229-9424, provides bus service to Atlanta from many locations throughout the United States. Buses arrive at and depart from the Greyhound terminal at 232 Forsyth Street, located in a less affluent neighborhood on the southern edge of the downtown area and directly beneath MARTA's Garnett Station (see 'Get around' below).
Megabus, [8] . Service to Atlanta from locations across the Southern United States. The bus stop is near the Civic Center MARTA station (435 West Peachtree Street); buses stop on the east side of the street at the north end of the station.
[ edit ] By car
Atlanta is linked to the rest of the US by the Interstate Highway System. The principal interstates serving the city are I-75 (serving traffic from Detroit to Florida ), I-85 (connecting the Mid-Atlantic to New Orleans ) and I-20 (connecting Texas to South Carolina ), all of which cross through Downtown.
I-285 (commonly called the Perimeter by Atlantans, and the Atlanta Bypass on overhead signs) circles the city at a distance of about 10 miles out, crossing and connecting with all the above freeways as well as the airport.
Free real-time traffic information is available by dialing 511 anywhere in the state of Georgia.
[ edit ] Get around
Although most locals rely on their cars for day-to-day transportation, walking and public transit are well suited for visitors. The major downtown neighborhoods are quite walkable, and many attractions are easily accessible from public transit.
If you'll have a car anyway, driving is often the fastest means of getting around. It also opens up destinations that are difficult or impossible to access by public transit. However, having a car in Downtown is often a hindrance where parking is scarce, and the lengthy rush hour is an exercise in frustration.
[ edit ] By foot
Visitors will find today's Atlanta very walkable, with many improvements made in the last decade. Most of the in-town neighborhoods are individually easy to walk around, with dense collections of bars, restaurants, and shops. In particular, getting around within Midtown, Downtown, Decatur, Buckhead, or the areas around the North Highland Avenue corridor in East Atlanta (including Virginia-Highland, Poncey Highland, and Little Five Points) is usually quite easy; walking times rarely exceed 10–20 minutes, and buses or trains provide some relief for longer trips. Getting between those neighborhoods solely by foot is more difficult; for example, expect a 30–45 minute walk between Midtown and Virginia-Highland. Inter-neighborhood transportation is best done by car or public transit.
[ edit ] By transit
Look for these characteristic Marta signs
Atlanta is served by MARTA (Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority), +1 404-848-4711, [9] , which operates both rapid rail and bus networks in the city of Atlanta and the counties of Fulton and Dekalb.
Breeze Card
A single ride on MARTA costs $2.50; the fare includes transfers. MARTA uses wireless Breeze Cards to store your fare; a new card costs $1.00 but is reloadable and never expires. Breeze Cards are sold in vending machines at all rail stations or at RideStores at Airport, Lindbergh Center, and Five Points Stations. When starting the journey by bus, tap the card at the fare post next to the driver. When starting the journey by train, tap the card at the fare gate; your cash-depleted card will now act as your transfer. When transferring to a bus or train, simply tap your card again. (The card uses RFID technology, so you can leave it in your wallet and just tap your whole wallet on the sensor.)
Buses accept fares in cash, but cannot issue transfers on fares paid in cash — you must have a Breeze Card to obtain the transfer. If you plan to make a connection from bus to train, make sure to get one.
Unlimited passes are available ($9 for 1 day, $19 for 4 days, $23.75 for 7 days).  These will easily save you money if you plan on making more than one or two trips per day.
The system is quite safe regardless of the time of day, although there have been a handful of incidents of violent crime in the last decade. Like in any other city or transit system, use common sense, keep aware of your surroundings during low ridership periods, and avoid train cars with no other riders or with only a couple of other riders.
The rail network is comprised of four lines: Red, Gold, Blue, and Green.  The Red and Gold lines run north-south, while the Blue and Green lines run east-west, forming a cross with Five Points Station in the center.
The Red and Gold lines run on the same rails from a southern terminus at Hartsfield-Jackson airport through Downtown and Midtown Atlanta, before splitting into two branches: the Red line runs to north metro Atlanta at North Springs Station, and the Gold line runs northeast and terminates at Doraville Station.  The Blue line runs from a western terminal at Hamilton E. Holmes to an eastern terminal at Indian Creek. The Green line runs east-west along with the Blue line, but has a small spur to Bankhead station and only goes as far east as Edgewood/Candler Park station. The Five Points station in downtown Atlanta is the only station where passengers may change trains between the Red-Gold and Blue-Green lines. Trains run from 5AM until 1AM Monday-Friday, and from 5AM until 12:30AM on weekends and holidays. Trains run on all lines every 12 minutes during peak periods, and every 20 minutes at night and on weekends. Note that the wait is often shorter than this for trips in the center of the city, as you will not have to wait for any specific train; you could take either the Red line or the Gold line to get from Downtown to Midtown, for example.
The bus network comprises over one hundred different bus routes, with many routes operating approximately every 20 minutes. Bus service on some lines (generally including the most popular tourist areas) runs from 5AM until 1:30AM Monday-Friday and from 5AM until 1AM on the weekends and holidays.
[ edit ] Bus Routes
In addition to the train network, there are a few buses which are particularly useful for getting around some of the in-town neighborhoods:
110 "The Peach" – This bus traverses Peachtree Street/Road from Downtown to Buckhead. Although most trips along this corridor will be easier and faster using the train, this bus is still especially useful for getting to a destination between Arts Center Station and Buckhead, including the Buckhead Village, which is 20-minute walk from Buckhead Station.
36 – Useful connection to Virginia-Highland from Midtown Station. Beyond Virginia-Highland, this bus continues north and then east, stopping at Emory University, then traversing many residential neighborhoods before ending at Avondale Station east of Decatur.
16 – Leaves from Five Points Station in Downtown first eastward, passing the Carter Center, then turning onto North Highland Avenue and heading north to Virginia-Highland and beyond into the northeastern reaches of the city. Before turning onto North Highland Avenue, this bus runs roughly parallel to Highland Avenue in close proximity, and it follows North Highland Avenue through its most active areas, so this is a good route to get between destinations along that corridor.
2 – Leaves from North Avenue Station heading east and actually operates on two slightly different routes. Most of these follow Ponce de Leon Avenue and head briefly south and east along North Highland Avenue and Freedom Parkway before going along Moreland Avenue (through Little Five Points) and continuing to Edgewood/Candler Park Station. Once an hour, however, the bus will continue along Ponce (instead of turning down North Highland Avenue) and eventually reach Decatur Station. This route is useful for getting to parts of North Highland Avenue and to Little Five Points (both of which will be short walks regardless of which route the bus takes), and the hourly detour can be useful as well for reaching parts of Decatur which are further removed from the MARTA station.
12 – Leaves from Midtown Station and heads west along 10th Street past Georgia Tech. Turns north along Howell Mill Road and continues into far northwestern parts of the city. This can be useful for getting to the west end of Georgia Tech campus or for getting to the fairly recently developed West Midtown district (near Howell Mill and Marietta Street and continuing for some time along Howell Mill), where many restaurants, boutique shops, bars, coffee shops, and art galleries are located.
1 – Leaves from Five Points Station heading northwest, passes the Aquarium, CNN Center, and World of Coca-Cola (if you don't want to make the 10 minute walk), stops by Georgia Tech, and also passes through West Midtown before heading into far northwestern parts of the city.
6 – Runs from Inman Park Station in the East to Lindbergh Station in the North. It first travels along Moreland Avenue (which becomes Briarcliff Road, on which it continues) with stops in Little Five Points (providing a shortcut there if the 10–15 minute walk is too much) offering short walks to much of Poncey Highlands. It also has stops at Emory University and the Centers for Disease Control.
Note for weekend travel: MARTA runs slower on the weekends. Typical wait times are 20 minutes for trains and up to an hour for buses. Be sure to accommodate for this.
[ edit ] By taxi
It is usually possible to flag taxicabs down near tourist attractions and bars in Midtown and Downtown.  However, calling ahead is recommended.
24-Hour Taxicab Services:
Checker Cab, +1 404-351-1111, [10]
Flat rates to and from the airport are listed on Hartfield-Jackson International Airport's website [11] . Be sure to insist on the flat rate, even if the driver claims no knowledge of it.
[ edit ] By car
Cars are the most popular form of transport to get around the sprawling city, and usually the fastest during non-peak hours.  Many destinations outside the urban centers are only accessible by car.  Rush hour peaks around 6:30 AM-9:30 AM and 3:30 PM-6:30 PM on weekdays and often results in congestion when traveling inbound in the mornings and outbound in the afternoons.  Downtown/Midtown and major shopping districts such as Buckhead can also get crowded on weekends.  In the most urban areas, many restaurants and shops in the area offer complimentary or low-cost valet services ($1-3 tip expected) and on the rare occasion where parking is scarce, public lots are usually nearby for a fee.  In most of the city, though, parking is free and plentiful.  Free road maps are available at [12] .  Real-time traffic information is available from the Georgia DOT at [13] or by dialing 511 from any phone.
Street names in Atlanta are very confusing. There are more than 70 streets that have "Peachtree" in their name, and they are often difficult to distinguish (Peachtree Street, Peachtree Lane, Peachtree Circle, etc.). When someone says "Peachtree" without clarifying, they mean Peachtree Street, a major north-south thoroughfare through Downtown, Midtown, and Buckhead. They do not mean West Peachtree Street, which parallels Peachtree Street a block away.
Making matters worse, Atlanta puts cardinal suffixes on every road, and they are necessary; the same number is sometimes a valid address on two streets that differ only by their suffix. In practice, this isn't usually a problem, and most of the time locals don't bother listing the suffix, but if you see one listed on an address, assume it might be necessary.
[ edit ] Museums
Atlanta's top attractions form an eclectic mix that is sure to have something that appeals to everyone, and enough variety to keep the adventurous traveler busy. The highest concentration of exhibits can be found in the Centennial Park Area , where Atlanta's three biggest attractions are located within two blocks of one another: World of Coca-Cola tells the history of the world’s most iconic brand, with plenty of samples to ensure understanding; across the street is the Georgia Aquarium, the world’s largest by volume of water, where you can swim with the biggest fish of them all, the whale shark; and the CNN Center and Studio Tour, which offers a behind the scenes look at what it takes to run one of the nation’s leading news sources.
Those more inclined to history can visit the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site in Sweet Auburn , which includes this inspiring leader’s birthplace home, his final resting place, the church where he once gave sermons, as well as a museum and memorial dedicated to his colossal achievements. Civil War buffs will enjoy the 100-year old Atlanta Cyclorama in nearby Grant Park , which tells the story of the Battle of Atlanta through a massive, continuous, circular painting. The largest collection of Civil War memorabilia in the nation can be found at the Atlanta History Center in Buckhead , along side a large exhibit memorializing the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games.
Exhibits of both ancient and modern history can be found near Little Five Points at the Fernbank Museum of Natural History, featuring a humbling display of the largest dinosaur ever unearthed, and the Jimmy Carter Library & Museum, which is the permanent home of the former president’s Nobel Peace Prize. The Michael C. Carlos Museum, located on the campus of Emory University is an excellent attraction for those interested in the Greek and Egyptian cultures. The museum houses the largest collection of Greek, Egyptian and Near East artifacts in the southeast. Those with more refined tastes can enjoy the High Museum of Art in Midtown , which displays fine art from the last two centuries, as well as modern and contemporary pieces. In Midtown, the Museum of Design Atlanta (MODA) [14] features rotating design exhibits and the Atlanta Contemporary Art Center [15] offers rotating contemporary art exhibitions. The Museum of Contemporary Art of Georgia (MOCA GA) [16] between Midtown and Buckhead features a permanent collection as well as temporary exhibitions of contemporary art, focusing on Georgia artists. Georgia State University's Rialto Center for the Arts [17] in Downtown has a free exhibition of visual art as well. And finally, Gone with the Wind aficionados can’t miss the Margaret Mitchell House & Museum, which preserves the Tudor Revival mansion in Midtown where the Pulitzer Prize–winning novel was written.
Travelers planning to visit multiple attractions may benefit from Atlanta CityPASS [18] , which grants admission to 5 Atlanta attractions within 9 days of first use for a much reduced rate and includes expedited entry in some cases. The included attractions are: Georgia Aquarium; World of Coca-Cola; Inside CNN Studio Tour;  either High Museum of Art or Fernbank Museum of Natural History; and either Zoo Atlanta or Atlanta History Center.
[ edit ] Performing arts
All types of performing arts can be found in Atlanta, such as the Atlanta Ballet [19] . Founded in 1929, it is the oldest professional dance company in America, the largest self-supported arts organization in Georgia and the official Ballet of Georgia. The company's performances combine contemporary and traditional styles with classic ballets and new choreography. Its annual season is presented at the historic Fox Theatre [20] , including the holiday season favorite "The Nutcracker." The "Fabulous Fox" is worth a visit just to see its grandiose interior, and hosts many plays and concerts throughout the year.
Opera fans can enjoy the Atlanta Opera [21] . Atlanta's love affair with opera has spanned over 125 years of the city's history. Founded in 1979, the Atlanta Opera has won numerous awards both nationally and locally.
The Atlanta Symphony Orchestra [22] is recognized for its creativity and innovation internationally. It is also known as a wonderful training ground for musicians who go on to stellar careers with other orchestras. Regular orchestral performances can also be caught at the new Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre. [23] .
Atlanta has one of the most impressive theater communities in the United States with more than 65 active performance groups. Metro theaters present a variety of new and old works. The New American Shakespeare Tavern [24] is one highlight; this leading playhouse is the first troupe in America to complete the production of all 38 of Shakespeare's plays. Other highlights include Broadway musicals through Broadway in Atlanta [25] and Theater of the Stars [26] , improvisation, southern themes, political and human issues, contemporary, classic and, of course, Shakespeare. Check out Alliance Theatre [27] , Dad's Garage [28] , Georgia Shakespeare Theatre [29] , and Theatre in the Square [30] .
[ edit ] Architecture
Explore the cityscape and enjoy the many pieces of architecture built all around Atlanta, from the skyscrapers of Midtown , to the Downtown skyline, to the houses on Highland Avenue, to the mansions of Buckhead .  Inman Park, Atlanta's showcases the city's old Victorian architecture.  Other notable architectural attractions include the High Museum of Art and The Jimmy Carter Presidential Library.
Atlanta has a rich assortment of skyscrapers, notable for their modern aesthetic and the abundance of spires. The Bank of america building in midtown rises to a height of 1023 feet making it the tallest office building in the country outside of New York or Chicago. A recent building boom has left Atlanta glittering with dazzling glass skyscrapers, many of which contain some of the most expensive condominiums in the country. That said, the city owes a sizeable portion of its modern cityscape to home-grown architect John Portman. The construction of the icon Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel helped steer Atlanta in a more urban direction. Portman, famous for the development of the hotel atrium also designed numerous other buildings in Atlanta, including the Hyatt Regency, the Marriot Marquis, and AmericasMart.
Atlanta also has a few view points where you can enjoy a 360 degree view of the city in Downtown. One of them is the Sundial atop the Westin Peachtree. [31] Another is the Polaris atop the Hyatt Regency Atlanta (it's vier is becoming obscured by the growing walls of glass around it), and there is also Nikolai's Roof [32] on top of the Hilton.
[ edit ] Sports
Turner Field, home of the Atlanta Braves
Atlanta Braves and Turner Field — The Atlanta Braves' regular season takes place April through September at Turner Field in South Atlanta . Check out the Ivan Allen Jr. Baseball Museum and Hall of Fame at Turner Field, both open year-round. The remains of the former Fulton County Stadium where Hank Aaron hit his historic 715th home run can also be seen in the north parking lot.
Atlanta Falcons at the Georgia Dome — The 1998 NFC Champions, the Atlanta Falcons, gear up each September to kick off the official season in Downtown . The Georgia Dome has hosted numberous events including parts of the 1996 Summer Olympics, Super Bowls XXVIII and XXXIV, the 2006 Sugar Bowl, the  NCAA Final Four in 2002 and 2007, and the annual Chick-fil-A Bowl.
Atlanta Hawks and Atlanta Dream at Philips Arena — Covering 4.4 acres, Philips Arena is Atlanta's state-of-the-art multi purpose sports and entertainment complex located in Downtown . The arena is home to the NBA's Hawks and the WNBA's Dream.
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets — The city's most famous university features a popular and highly competitive sports program that competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference. All of the major venues, the best-known of which are Bobby Dodd Stadium for football, Alexander Memorial Coliseum for basketball, and Russ Chandler Stadium for baseball, are on the Tech campus in Midtown .
Atlanta Beat — The second incarnation of the city's women's soccer team joined Women's Professional Soccer in 2010. The Beat play their home games at a brand-new stadium, shared with Kennesaw State University, in the northern suburb of Kennesaw .
[ edit ] Itineraries
One day in Atlanta — This busy one-day tour will show you the many sides of Atlanta.
Old South and New South — This tour takes you through the old historical sides of Atlanta and the new rapidly growing areas with postmodern architecture and technology, as well as unique culture.
