Checkpoint savvy
Busiest times: Monday 7 a.m. — 9 a.m. and Friday 3 p.m. — 5 p.m.
Workarounds: All 32 lanes in the North, South, and Main checkpoints provide access to all secure areas. Real-time updates on security wait times available here .
Parking
Parking information : 404-530-6725 or 877-ATL-PARK (24 hours). Parking information is also on airport radio station 830 AM, or online.
Most convenient: Hourly parking in front of terminals, $36/day. Daily parking across from terminals, $16/day.
Least expensive: Airport Park-Ride Shuttle, $9/day (Economy lot, $12/day).
Cellphone lot: A 160-space cell phone lot is located along South Terminal Parkway at the east end of the Park-Ride reserve lot.
Transportation to/from city
Most convenient: Taxi : To downtown (Flat fare/1st rider), $30. Travel time: 20 to 25 minutes. To midtown, $32. To Buckhead , $40. Shared shuttle vans : To downtown, $16.60; to midtown, $18.50; to Buckhead, $20.50.
Least expensive: MARTA trains run between airport and downtown in 30 to 45 minutes, $2.50.
Wi-Fi and charging stations
ATL's goal is to offer free Wi-Fi. In the meantime, a variety of pay-providers offer the service.
Power outlets through airport; free charging stations near many Delta gates.
Go local
Good choice for local gifts: Georgia Aquarium's Beyond the Reef (Atrium); Zoo Atlanta Panda Veranda (Concourse B). See more options .
Good choice for local food: One Flew South (fine dining, Concourse E); Cafe Intermezzo; Savannah's Candy Kitchen (Concourse B); Paschal's Southern Cuisine (Atrium, A Centerpoint). See more options .
Tips and tidbits
The airport has a pharmacy and medical clinic, a piano bar (Centerpoint, Concourse E), pet relief areas and a vibrant art and exhibits program that includes artifacts relating to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr (on loan from the King Center) and a 10-foot-tall, 31-foot-long dinosaur (on loan from the Fernbank Museum of Natural History).
Two hotels – the Atlanta Airport Marriott Gateway and the Springhill Suites Atlanta Airport Gateway are connected to the airport via the ATL SkyTrain.
Work/nap pods available at Minute Suites on Concourse B.
A smoking room is available on each concourse.
Nearby layover option
The World of Coke museum and the Auburn Avenue historic district are 20 to 25 minutes away via MARTA.
Your tips and picks?
Please share your time and money-saving tips, favorite restaurants, bars and stores in comments below.
Posted
E-mail | Save | Print |
To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones . For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
We've updated the Conversation Guidelines. Changes include a brief review of the moderation process and an explanation on how to use the "Report Abuse" button. Read more .
TOP          TRAVEL STORIES
