Notice
Please Read.
Material on   this website, including text and images, is protected by copyright law and is   copyright to [www.TK1336.com] unless credited otherwise. It may not be copied,   reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way   except for your own personal, non-commercial use.
 Prior written   consent of the copyright holder must be obtained for any other use of material.   [(for artist sites): Copyright of all images on this site remains with the   artist or copyright owner at all times. 
No part of   this site may be distributed or copied for any commercial purpose or financial   gain.
 
A lot of Ewoks don't you wish you could collect them all.
 
Ewok’s were sentient diminutive furry bipeds native to the  forest moon of Endor. They were most notable for helping the Rebel Alliance  defeat the forces of the Galactic Empire at the Battle of Endor, allowing the  shield generator there to be destroyed, and in turn, the second Death Star.
Ewoks were curious individuals that stood about one meter  tall; they were omnivorous and used spears, slings, and knives as weapons; they  also used hang gliders, battle wagons, and bordoks as vehicles. Although  extremely skilled in forest survival and the construction of primitive  technology like gliders and catapults, the Ewoks had yet to progress past  stone-level technology .
Ewoks were sentient humanoid mammals, averaging about one  meter in height, which could provide an advantage when trying to hide.  They were covered in fur from head to toe,  with brown and black the most common colors.  Other Ewoks had near-white  or reddish fur.  Most Ewoks had solid-colored fur, though a few  sported stripes.  Ewoks had large, bright  eyes, small black noses, and hands that possessed two fingers and an opposable  thumb. Despite their small size, Ewoks were physically strong enough to  overpower combat-trained Humans.  The  Human Mace Towani likened their appearance to "little bears".
Most Ewoks live high among the trees of Endor's forests, in villages built   between the closely spaced trees. Ewoks venture to the forest floor to hunt, and   set traps to catch various prey.
For the forest dwellers, the surrounding giant trees play an important   cultural role. These hunter-gatherers are a deeply spiritual people. They   believe themselves to be descendants of the Great Tree, a sacred tree in the   forests.
The tribal structure of the Ewoks has a Council of Elders ruling over them,   and the Council is headed by the Chief. A medicine man also lives in the Ewok   village, a keeper of mystical lore, and a healer to the injured.
 
A Good Picture Of Wicket the Ewok.
 
