Pros:Nice coloring and texturing, series specific figure, gray hands.
Cons:Needed more color detail and trinkets.
The Bottom Line: Take an Ewok on the wild side ….
Ewoks were furry little creatures that never really looked all that threatening … until you provoked them or underestimated them. Chirpa was considered a leader but if you do any reading about the Ewok you'll know that they were all skilled warriors.  They played a huge part in the destruction of the second Death Star but their efforts were isolated to the "Battle of Endor" and had nothing to do with the Echo Base on Hoth.  The pieces created for the Ewok mini figure were series exclusives; that means that the only way to get them is in a handful of Star Wars themed Lego sets.  There are three variations to the Ewok; Chirpa is the most unique because of his gray fur [the other two forms have brown fur].  All three of the Ewok varieties used the same Lego mini figure blank but the coloring of them is different.  Personally I think you see the most detail with Chirpa because of the lighter colored fur.  Some of it is covered by the head wrap but you can still see a lot of the texturing on his face and torso slip over piece.
All three Ewok figures have a unique slip-over piece that incorporates the head and torso cover.  This is slid over a basic torso piece so it does have a unique look to it.  The chocolate brown torso piece that these head sections are slid on to are basic pieces so you could build your own Ewok mini figures if you could find the head pieces individually.  The slip over pieces are well made but because of the front and back sections to it, they really need to be stored on a torso piece so they don't crack or break when they are in storage.
How does this score as a crossover piece? A crossover piece is something that is created from a real world persona like the figures in the Batman or Harry Potter series.  You do have to take in to consideration that 99% of the Lego mini figures are of standard scale, about two inches high.  The ones that fall outside of this range are figures like Hagrid, Chewbacca and a mountain troll . Chirpa had more color variation in the Star Wars film; the Lego version is one solid gray tone and while that isn’t a bad thing it wouldn't have been all that hard for the designers to add some different shades of gray to the body.  There are black accents for the nose and lips [not really accurate if you are a fan of the Ewok] and a plain head covering / hood.  They could have really improved this by adding some stenciled or molded trinkets to the hood but at least he has gray hand pegs so all is not lost.
This specific Ewok only appeared in one Star Wars Lego set, "The Battle of Endor" [Lego set # 8038].  When it was released in 2009 it had a hundred dollar price tag on it; the price is still in that ballpark but you can find it for a little less if you aren’t concerned with the condition of the box.  Along with Chirpa you also got Wicket and Paploo, R2-D2 , a few rebels, Han Solo, Chewbacca and a scout Trooper.  Was the set worth a hundred dollars?  Yes and no.  It contained a nice Technic themed Scout Walker, a cool base that you could modify to enlarge it and a couple of speeder bikes.  This had a high replay value because you could add things to it or use certain parts of it with other Star Wars Lego sets.  There are cheaper ways to get the Ewok figures if that is all you want from the set but most of them are in the ten to fifteen dollar range so if you are paying thirty or fifty dollars for them individually you might want to think about getting the Battle For Endor set and selling off what you don't want or need.
Contrary to what some websites say, Chirpa was not in the "Ewok Attack" set.  The two Ewok in that set were Wicket and Paploo along with two trooper mini figures.  This was one of the smaller sets in the series and sold for about ten to fifteen dollars when it was released in 2002 / 2003 but now that stock is getting thin you would be hard pressed to find it for less than twenty dollars.
What is Chirpa worth? As I have said in other reviews of unique figures like this, the real value of it is what it means to you.  If were are a huge fan of the Ewok then it is going to be worth more than if you are just building a scene and want to have them there for looks.  Since Chirpa is only in one set he can cost a little more than the other two but if you have a lot of brown or gray body parts you could buy the head pieces and make your own.  This can be a time consuming thing for Chirpa but for the brown Ewoks it is a little easier to accomplish.  I'd be willing to pay about seven dollars for a mint Chirpa mini figure; I know I can get the individual elements needed to make him from scratch if I ever needed more of them.  As I said, the two brown figures are the ones you can always have tons of in a scene and they don't need to be completely authentic from-set figures to have them look great. Chirpa does get a few more points for the unique color but it could have been a lot better of a figure with some other gray tones added to it.
==================
==================
Star Wars Lego Mini figures
