« Previous Page  |  Index  |  Next Page »
Ewok
Ewok is a 4.5 pound Pomeranian.  He spent almost 5 years in a small cage at a puppy mill.    Ewok's Story: The puppy miller died, the will was contested and the probate judge decided to auction off all the dogs in the spring of 2006.  The auction was horrible, even worse than most puppy mill auctions.  These auctioneers had never auctioned dogs before.  Even though my primary involvement in rescue is Papillons, I went with another Papillon rescuer to help the other rescue groups get as many dogs as possible into rescue and out of the hands of another puppy miller.  We helped throughout the auction and had no intention of bringing a dog into the Pap 911 Rescue fold.    Just before the auction started, a woman came up to me and asked me if I was in rescue.  When I answered, "Yes", she burst into tears and I put my arms around her.  She told me that several years ago she was showing and breeding Pomeranian dogs and had sold one of her pups to the puppy miller.  When she saw the article in the newspaper about the auction she realized what a mistake she had made in selling the pup almost five years before.  She was devastated that she had not done a home inspection and found out what this person was really going to do with the puppy.  She paid for the dog's freedom, but had all the paperwork in my name so we could take care of this poor dog in rescue.  I was the first person to hold Ewok when he was purchased from the auction and started his life of freedom.  I told the Director of Pap 911, Lyn, that if this dog stayed in Pap 911 Rescue, I would volunteer to foster him.  As difficult as it is, I foster dogs and place them in forever homes through Pap 911 Rescue so that I have room for another foster.  I love every one of my fosters, but I know that their stay with me is temporary.  I was not even sure that this poor Pomeranian would be allowed to stay in the Pap 911 Rescue group, since he is not a Papillon.    Well, this dog, at this point, did not have a name.  He showed absolutely no emotion.  He was filthy , covered in mats and his ears were filled with the worst case of ear mites I ever saw.  His teeth were so smelly and filthy that one could not see any enamel on any tooth.  When we cut the worst of the mats off, his skin was oozing with infection.  I was in love with him immediately and knew that no one else in the world could take care of him better than I could.  I told him, the minute I held him at the auction, that he would be safe and taken care of for the rest of his life.  The Pomeranian Rescue group asked our director if we had room for him, since they were short on foster homes at that time.  Our Board of Directors decided that he could be an honorary Papillon and be fostered in our group.  I was elated.  Lyn named him Ewok.  I hated the name, but have learned to love it.  It fits him perfectly.  I planned on calling him Teddy, but he really is an Ewok from Star Wars.  Ewok lost half of his teeth, but feels so much better now.  He chews on bully sticks, lambs ears and toys all the time now.    It took Ewok about a month before he showed any emotion.  Ewok did not even bark for the first weeks that he lived with me. Now he dances around and PLAYS!  Ewok now loves to plays with toys.  His favorites are squeeky toys.  Ewok now loves to play with dogs.  He loves to run and bark and play with the pack.  Ewok now loves to play with people.  It just takes a happy voice to get Ewok bouncing in joy. He is one of the happiest dogs I have ever seen.    Ewok's muscles were so atrophied from spending his entire life in a cage that he could barely walk 20 feet before he would have to lie down to rest.  Now he plays and runs with the other dogs.  Ewok's knees are very loose and he may need surgery, but we are working on getting him stronger first.  Ewok goes on long walks with the other dogs, but he asks to go into the doggy stroller when his knees are hurting too much.  I am very happy to say that my husband and I decided to flunk fostering for the first time and give Ewok his forever home with us!  Ewok has learn so much in the last 8 months.  The most important thing that he has learned is that he will always be safe in his forever and ever home. This little stoic boy is now the happiest furbaby I have ever had the privilege of knowing.    Bonnie Brucks skcurbeinnob@yahoo.com Proudly owned by Ewok and owned by Ewok's brothers and sisters Papillon 911 Rescue and Adoption, Inc www.pap911.rescuegroups.org
