In addition to reviewing movies from then and now, you will find my top tens, recaps on legacies, an occasional photo or two and more. Rock on, Movie Lovers!
Sunday, August 7, 2011
The Star Wars Ewok Adventures (review)
         Star Wars is undeniably one of the greatest franchises of all time and the original Star Wars trilogy is just a classic gem from my youth. However, I didn’t even know about Star Wars until I was about 7 years old (in 1997) when the special edition trilogy was being released in theaters. Seeing those movies on the big screen was the perfect way to be introduced to them for the first time. But upon seeing “Return of the Jedi” for the first time, I had one big reaction to the Ewok characters. As soon as they appeared on screen I said to myself, why are there Ewok’s in a Star Wars movie, don’t they already have their own film called “The Ewok Adventure”. Yes, before I saw the classic trilogy, I saw the 1984, live action, made for TV movie called “The Ewok Adventure”. In Europe, it was titled “Cavern of Courage: An Ewok Adventure”, which is the title the film goes by on the DVD. Lucas had allowed his Star Wars Universe to be produced for TV 6 years earlier with “The Star Wars Holiday Special” which was a huge embarrassment to him. So Lucas assumed full control over the content and production in “The Ewok Adventure” (and the sequel that I’ll talk about in a minuet) to ensure that it had a good quality. The result is a film that’s far more like a fairy tale and is directed more to kids than the original trilogy. This is an interesting film from my child hood and I always looked at it on the lines of several other fantasy films I grew up with including “The Never Ending Story”, “Labyrinth” and “The Dark Crystal”. But dose it still hold up, well, let’s take a look.
        The plot goes like this, a little girl named Cyndal and her older brother Mace are stranded on the Endor moon after their ship crashed and their parents are missing. The kids are soon approached by the fun loving Ewoks and amongst them is none other than Wicket (that’s the Ewok who helped Princess Leia) played once again by Warwick Davis (who’s played characters like Leprechaun and Willow). He’s obviously the most recognizable of them but interestingly enough, Wicket is actually given less attention than some of the other Ewok characters. The Ewoks take pity on the kids and decide to aid them on their journey to find their parents. The first half on the film focuses on the two settling in with the Ewoks and the second half is their journey across the planet. If your one of the few people who liked the Ewok characters, than the film does provide a good incite on their culture, their weapons, magic talismans and life style. There’s also a nice variety of different Ewok characters, there’s a warrior that wealds an ax and there’s actually an Ewok wizard with a magic scepter. The main characters are just okay, Cyndal makes for a good child character but her brother Mace is just really bland and boring. His performance is hard to describe but it’s like he’s trying too hard to act while not acting at all but to be fare he is an improvement over Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker (but that doesn’t take much).    
  
                         
        As for the actual adventure itself, it isn’t that bad. I mean its no “Lord of the Rings” or anything but some of the locations and obstacles they encounter are pretty inventive. There’s a lake that traps people, they have to cross a giant spider’s web and a lot of the creatures they encounter are rather interesting. We have saber-tooth wolves, an Eel living in a tree and spiders that look like they have alien heads. The highlight is this giant cave creature called the Gorax, who’s holding the parents captive. Now all the other monsters in this film do look obviously fake but the Gorax still holds up very well. This creature’s like a mix between a gorilla, a gremlin and a wookie, and honestly, it’s one of the coolest giant monsters I ever saw as a kid. Unfortunately, for every cool creature there’s also a really dumb one, like this Pixie creature (like Tinkerbell) that the characters refer to as a tickle eater, I truly wish I was making that up.
     It’s said that this film takes place in-between the animated Ewok TV show and “Star Wars 5: The Empire Strikes Back” but it hardly matters because nothing else from the Star Wars films are ever brought up, however there are a few little nods. Maces gun makes the same sound the storm trooper weapons make and his outfit is an obvious nod to Luke Skywalker's X-Wing uniform. So that’s “Cavern of Courage: An Ewok Adventure”, and honestly I do still have a little, soft, nostalgic spot for it. This isn’t a film that I’d highly recommend or anything but it’s a perfectly harmless family film all the same. It’s a little imaginative, the creatures are cool and at the end it gives the audience genuinely good words of wisdom. It’s not a film that ages well, it’s definitely a film for little kids. But that doesn’t make it bad, just not that re-watchable. Overall, I give “Cavern of Courage: An Ewok Adventure” 2 ½ stars. Usually I’d stop there but there is actually a sequel that also deserves mention. That’s right, in 1985 there was another live action, TV made Ewok movie titled “Ewoks: The Battle for Endor”. Again it has more of a magical, fantasy feel than a hi-tech, Sci-Fi feel and as a kid I expected it to be very similar to the first. Surprisingly, this was a far darker and more tragic film than the first Ewok movie. But ultimately it’s also a livelier and more involving film. It’s like how “The Empire Strikes Back” was the most sinister of the original trilogy or how “Return to Oz” was far darker than the first.  
        Right from the opening, the Ewok village is attacked by a savage group of aliens called Marauders. All the villages are set to flames, the Ewoks are all imprisoned and Cyndals parents are horribly murdered. Yes, the parents that the characters spent the entire first movie trying to rescue are killed and not just the parents but her older brother Mace is also killed off within the first 3 minutes (at least we don’t have to worry about his bland performance any more). Just before dying, the father tells Cyndal that she’s going to have to be strong and live like a new bird leaving a nest. It’s a powerful little moment and it immediately gets you wrapped up in what’s going on. I mean talk about unpredictable, I never would have expected the parents and the main character of the first film to be killed off so soon and usually in family films like this, characters come back to life in the end but not this movie. No one comes back to life in the end, and I must applaud this movie for really bringing on legitimate drama and not falling victim to predictable clichés. Wicket (again played by Warwick Davis) manages to get Cyndal to safety, they run off into the woods and are attacked by all kinds of awesome stop-motion monsters. Wicket is given far more screen time and attention in this film than before and even knows how to speak English (which makes me wonder how this could take place before “Return of the Jedi” when he couldn’t speak to Princess Leia).     
    It’s also interesting that the Ewoks, who were able to fight off army’s of Storm Troopers and Empyreal Walkers (in “Return of the Jedi”) are now getting there furry butts handed to them by these creatures that look like the monkeys from “Planet of the Apes” after raiding the wardrobe from “Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome”. The Marauders themselves are far more menacing then the Battle Droids seen in the prequel trilogy, always shooting first and asking questions latter. While they certainly don’t look as cool as the Storm Troopers, they do come off as better shooters. The leader of the Marauders is named Terak, he learned of the star cruiser that crashed on the planet and wants to obtain its power. He believes that the crystals that power the ship have magical qualities and his main goal is to obtain that magic to become ultimate ruler of Endor. A pretty basic goal but why would he need it when he already has energy weapons, monsters and a huge army at his command, so really he has more than enough power already. He also has a humanoid sorceress at his command, that’s right, there are witches in the Star Wars universe now, holy cow. She has a magic ring that can transform her into anything from birds to a beautiful princess, which is fine but the sorceress herself feels like a very clichéd character that belongs in a film like “Willow” or “Wizards of the lost Kingdome”.
      While trying to stay alive in the forest, Wicket and Cyndal meet an old man named Noah who’s been stranded on the planet and has lost his closest friend, (the only family he had). He’s a grumpy old man who doesn’t want the kids to be around but as you would expect he begins to love them and he begins to look at Cyndal as a doubter. In return, Noah becomes a new father for her, teaches her the values of being strong and comforts her with the knowledge that the ones we love will never really leave us. Cyndal and Noah do have a good chemistry but it does feel a little rushed at times. Noah also has this pet creature named Teak that reminds me of Gurgi from Disney’s The Black Cauldron, he also looks like an albino Ewok and can run as fast as Sonic the Hedge Hog.          
    
       The movie ends with this great big battle, Teraks army is on the move, there’s stop-motion creatures running around, bombs are being thrown, laser cannons are blasting, Noah uses the guns on his ship as weapons, it’s awesome. For a TV made movie, this is a pretty impressive battle sequence, it may not be as stunning as the battles from the two trilogies but it is still rather exciting. In usual Star Wars fashion, it ends with a one on one dual between Terak and Noah, however there are no lightsabers in these films, this is a traditional dual with swords. To be honest, it’s more impressive than when Yoda fought Count Dooku in “Attack of the Clones”, that was so over the top with Yoda jumping all over the place but the fight in this film shows how an old man can really put up a fight, it’s fantastic. Teraks death is also pretty cool but I won’t spoil it. The ending is great, it’s not a completely happy ending the same way the first film was but it’s not entirely sad either, it’s a nice little mix of the two emotions.
      Overall, “Ewoks: The Battle for Endor” is a surprisingly decent film, it’s no masterpiece or anything but for what it is, it’s simply better than it needed to be. The story is engaging, the characters are fleshed out, the drama is strong, it feels far more mature than the first with better acting and not so many random events. Everything that happens in this film is needed to progress the story. Some of the effects are obvious but there are a few visuals that do look pretty cool. I love how this film takes risks and how it comes off as completely unpredictable at times. It’s not a must see movie or anything but if you got kids that love Star Wars, than give this one a rental, it’s worth that much. I give “Ewoks: The Battle for Endor” 3 ½ stars. Warwick Davis claimed there were plans for a third live action Ewok movie but that production never met the light of day. This small mine series of live action Ewok movies certainly isn’t the best thing to be released under the Star Wars name but it’s far from the worst, it sits nicely in-between the original trilogy and some of the prequels and is always nice to just dig up every now and then.  
            The End                     
