+ Subscribe
I can't imagine anyone who made it through their childhood without wanting to build a treehouse and spend extended amounts of time in it.  Sure, the Swiss Family Robinson's home was much more practical, but it was the Ewok village that inspired me most to want a treehouse.
I was pretty floored when I found this article about the Hogan's over at ABC .
They moved from Colorado to Costa Rica to build their very own green living space, inspired directly by the Ewok village.
After taking a tour of a lot of secondary-growth rainforest in the mountainous Southern Zone of Costa Rica, advertised for potential timber logging, Erica Hogan suggested using the jungle to build an Ewok village in the trees, similar to the one on the moon of Endor in the film "Return of the Jedi".
The conversation could have ended there, but her husband liked the idea.
"It's funny, the Ewok village was only featured for a split second in ' Star Wars : Return of the Jedi,' but it left such a lasting impression there are few people who don't know what the Ewok village is," he says.
Advertisement
And he's right.  I've included one photo, but you'll have to hit the ABC's slideshow to see more .
It's pretty breathtaking.
The house is also completely green with solar panels and it's own green grid for water, power, wi-fi, etc.  And the best part is, this is turning into an actual village:
"It's a win-win; we're protecting the environment and creating 'green' jobs building the infrastructure," Hogan says of what's billed as the world's first modern, planned, sustainable tree house community.
It consists of about two dozen sky-high structures, with more than 40 other properties sold and planned for development. All told, there are about 80 two-acre lots, which have been selling fast, the founders say.
The first stage of "pre-infrastructure" lots is sold out, they say, and there are six more in Phase Two, starting at $55,000 for a lot.
And these guys are telecommuting to their jobs.  From the Ewok village.
How cool is that?
Bryan Young is the editor of Big Shiny Robot! , a columnist for The Huffington Post and you can follow him on Twitter .
A real life Ewok village
Photo credit: 
