Alternative meanings: Ewoks (cartoon)
In the Star Wars series of films, Ewoks are sentient furred bipeds native to Endor 's forest moon who help the Rebel Alliance defeat the forces of the Galactic Empire in the Battle of Endor . Ewoks are curious individuals that stand about one meter tall; they are omnivorous and use spears, slings, and knives as weapons; they also use hang gliders, battle wagons, and bordoks as vehicles. They debuted in Episode VI, Return of the Jedi , though the word "Ewok" is not spoken in the film. George Lucas intended that a primitive race should overthrow the Empire in the final episode, and had originally planned to use Wookiee s, but decided against it after it had been established that Chewbacca was proficient with technology. His answer was to create a new race called Ewoks, which is "Wookiee" with the syllables reversed.
Although extremely skilled in forest survival and the construction of primitive technology like gliders and catapults, the Ewoks have yet to progress past stone-level technology. They are quick learners, however, when exposed to advanced technology with simple mechanical processes and concepts.
Most Ewoks live high among the trees of Endor's forests, in villages built between the closely spaced trees. Ewoks venture to the forest floor to hunt, and set traps to catch various prey.
For the forest dwellers, the surrounding giant trees play an important cultural role. These hunter-gatherers are a deeply spiritual people. They believe themselves to be descendants of the Great Tree, a sacred tree in the forests.
The tribal structure of the Ewoks has a Council of Elders ruling over them, and the Council is headed by the Chief. A medicine man also lives in the Ewok village, a keeper of mystical lore, and a healer to the injured.
When the Empire began operations on the moon of Endor, they dismissed the primitive species as harmless. Imperial operations were situated around the area near the Ewok village led by Chief Chirpa . Princess Leia Organa, part of a Rebel strike team, befriended the Ewok Wicket W. Warrick , a scout from said village.
These Ewoks also erroneously worshipped the protocol droid C-3PO , thinking he was their god. Threepio told the Council of Elders the adventures of the Rebel heroes Luke Skywalker Luke Skywalker is a fictional character of the Star Wars universe, a Jedi Knight, who plays a major role in the series of films. He is the son of Padme Amidala and Anakin Skywalker, and brother of Princess Leia Organa. As an orphan, he was raised on the p, Princess Leia , and Han Solo Han Solo a character in the fictional Star Wars universe, is played by actor Harrison Ford in the Star Wars movie series. Solo, a human from Corellia, is a smuggler who flies the Millennium Falcon with the assistance of his Wookiee co-pilot Chewbacca.. The Ewoks accepted the Rebels into their tribe, and allied themselves to their cause. The Ewoks helped in the ground battle to destroy the Imperial shield generator on the forest floor, and their primitive weapons felled the stormtroopers and the scout walkers of the Empire. This assist paved the way to victory at the Battle of Endor. Later that night, the Ewoks held a huge celebration that could be heard throughout the forest.
The Ewoks later appeared in the cartoon series Ewoks (1985) and two TV specials, The Ewok Adventure (1984) and Ewoks: The Battle for Endor (1985). Both revolve around the tribe seen in Return of the Jedi befriending a human family whose spaceship crashed on their moon. It is debatable on whether the latter two are part of Star Wars canon Canon can mean: A rule adopted by an ecumenical council of the Catholic or Eastern Orthodox churches. From the Greek kanon for rule or measure. See canon law. A list of books accepted by an ecclesiastic communion as authoritative or divinely inspired., although as a character from the movie has appeared in later novels they should probably be included in the Expanded Universe.
1 Criticism
Many fans of the Star Wars series dislike the Ewoks, believing that the scenes with them defeating an army of the "Emperor's best" Storm Troopers stretch credibility even for a space opera, and that their cuteness was purely an attempt to introduce opportunities for merchandising rather than a serious addition to the story - criticism repeated nearly twenty years later about Jar Jar Binks Jar Jar Binks is a fictional character in the Star Wars movies The Phantom Menace Attack of the Clones and the yet to be released Revenge of the Sith''. His primary role was to be comic relief--based on his gangly way of walking, and his unique speech acc in .  Furthermore, despite the fact that the word "Ewok" is never uttered or mentioned in Return of the Jedi , everyone knows their name, providing additional ammo to those that believe them to be a product of the shrewd merchandising and marketing teams at Lucasfilm.
Politics
Finance
Topics: Ewok Ewoks Forest Endor Star Wars Primitive Battle Moon...
Ewok Alternative meanings: Ewoks (cartoon In the Star Wars series of films, Ewoks are sentient furred bipeds native to Endor's forest moon who help the Rebel Alliance defeat the forces of the Galactic Empire in the Battle of Endor. Ewoks are curious individual
Ewoks: Battle for Endor Ewoks: Battle for Endor ( 1985), retitled Star Wars Ewok Adventures: Battle for Endor for the DVD release, is a made-for-TV movie set in the Star Wars galaxy and sequel to The Ewok Adventure''. In the film, Cindel Towani is orphaned by the Marauders, led
Ewoks (cartoon) Ewoks ( September 7, 1985 January 10, 1987) is an American/ Canadian animated television series featuring the Ewok characters introduced in the Star Wars film, Return of the Jedi''. It was produced by Nelvana on behalf of Lucasfilm and broadcast on ABC.
