Nippett
Kaink
Erpham Warrick is Wicket's great-grandfather.       He was a great Ewok warrior many years ago, and still is the role-model for       many young Ewoks. He had made the legendary Ewok battle wagon, that Wicket       tried to rebuild years later. To help Wicket rebuild it, Erpham's ghost made       a brief appearance to guide him. Not much more is known about Erpham Warrick,       mostly because he died many years ago. Erpham is Deej Warrick's       grandfather.
Deej is also an Ewok warrior. He is Wicket's       father, and he has four children: Weechee, Widdle (a.k.a. Willy), Wicket,       and Winda. In one episode of the Ewoks series, Deej becomes deadly ill, and       his three sons had to find three special ingredients for a magic potion needed       to cure him. Additionally, it was Deej who found the Towani family's starcruiser.       His Ewok wife is Shodu Warrick.
Shodu Warrick is Deej Warrick's wife. She isn't       much in the Ewok movies or cartoon series, mostly because she spends most       of her time taking care of her youngest daughter Winda. Her four children       are Weechee, Widdle (a.k.a. Willy), Wicket, and Wokling Winda. Weechee is       her oldest son.
Weechee Warrick is Shodu's oldest son, and       Wicket's stronger and smarter older brother. He is already an Ewok warrior,       and together with Paploo is probably the strongest warrior in the village.       Weechee is often the leader in Ewok expeditions. His younger brother is       Widdle.
Widdle Warrick is Wicket's goofy, chubby, and       clumsy brother. He is the black sheep of the Warrick family. His name is       somewhat of a mystery. In 'Ewok Adventure' he is called Widdle, but in 'Battle       For Endor' and the Ewoks animated series, he is referred to as Willy. Widdle       is definetely the funniest Ewok. Wicket is his younger brother.
Wicket W. Warrick, the hero of Return of       the Jedi, both Ewok telefilms, and the Ewoks animated series, is a young       Ewok who desperately wants to become a warrior. He is certainly a smart Ewok:       he actually has learned some English in the second Ewok movie. In the second       season of the Ewoks animated series, Ewok has grown a little, has changed       his color, look, and voice. He has a little Wokling sister named Winda, and       a pet Bordok named Baga.
There isn't much known about this Wokling.       She is Wicket's precious baby sister, and her mother, Shodu, spends most       of her time taking care of her.
Baga is Wicket's pet Bordok (a horse-like creature       native to Endor). The Bordoks are seen briefly in the first Ewoks movie,       but Baga has a prominent part in the animated series.
Chief Chirpa is the chief of the Ewok clan.       He makes all the decisions, and usually accompanies the warriors on expeditions.       He is the head of the Ewok Council of Elders. He is Princess Kneesaa's father,       and his wife, Ra-Lee, died when Kneesaa was very young. He also has another       daughter, Asha, who he lost when she was very young.
Princess Kneesaa, daughter of Chief Chirpa,       is the heroine of the Ewoks television series. Her mother died when she was       a Wokling. She also has a long-lost older sister, Asha.
Asha is Chief Chirpa's daughter. According       to the SW Encyclopedia, the Chirpa family was being attacked by Hanadak,       and her mother died while trying to save her. All that their family found       left of her was her clothing. She was found by a clan of Corrinas (wolves)       and they raised her. She spent her time tracking down fur-trading Duloks,       under the name Red Ghost. Many years later, her family found her again.
Logray is the medicine man from the Ewok tribe.       In the Ewoks series, he is Teebo's mentor. According to various other sources,       Logray was removed from office after the Battle of Endor. Apparently, it       was he who caused the whole mess with the feast for C-3PO (where they almost       cooked Han, Luke, and Leia). Paploo, who challenged his actions, replaced       him. Additionally, it has also been said that he bullied Wicket by banishing       him from all rituals, and during the Battle of Endor, it appeared that Logray       was a coward. Logray was banned from the tribe, and all Ewoks have said to       have forgotten him by now.
The second storyline originates from one of the sourcebooks, so it is up       to you if you want to believe it. In the Ewoks cartoons, Logray always was       a wise and respectable shaman, so it is doubtable if he really was banished       from the tribe.
Teebo is the young Ewok who is Wicket's best       friend. He is Logray's apprentice, and hopes to become the Ewok shaman someday.       He has a unique way of communicating with nature, and is a dabbler in the       art of poetry. He knows a small amount of magic, which for some reason usually       doesn't end up very well. He has a young sister, Malani.
Malani is Teebo's younger sister. She has a       huge crush on Wicket. She is often outcasted by the other Ewoks, and is forced       to play with the very young Ewoks, who she is just too old to play with.
Paploo is the wise, strong Ewok who heroically       risked his life for the Rebellion. It is Paploo who jumped on the speeder       bike to distract the Troopers away from the Imperial Shield Generator bunker.       In the series, Paploo is just as strong, wise, and risk-taking. According       to one Ewok legend, Paploo challenged Logray's authority and became the new       Ewok medicine man.
Latara is Princess Kneesaa's very best friend,       and the two spend the majority of their time together.
Chukha-Trok is the woodcutter of the village.       He is a strong and wise Ewok, and unfortunately looses his life at the end       of Ewok Adventure, sacrificing his life so Mace and the Ewoks could escape.       Chukha-Trok also taught Mace many lessons on their journey.
Lumat is one of the many Ewoks who helped the       Rebellion defeat the Empire in the Battle For Endor. He is the tribe's chief       woodcutter. Whether this is the same character as Chukha-Trok is       unknown.
Romba also is an Ewok warrior. However, not       much is known about this character. He fought in the Battle Of Endor.
Warok is another Ewok warrior, and not much       is known about him, either. He also fought in the Battle Of Endor.
Nippett is the Wokleing seen in Return of the       Jedi. Who it belongs to is unknown, too.
Kaink is the Ewok priestess. She lives several       miles away from the Ewok village, leading a life of solitude, one with nature.       She accompanied the Ewok warriors on their mission to save Mace and Cindel's       parents. Her current whereabouts are unknown.
The Ewok Family Tree was written by Michael Streeter, © 1999.
It is unauthorized by Lucasfilm or any other company.
Star Wars, Ewoks, and all related properties are © Lucasfilm Ltd., used without permission.
Sources:
The Ewok Adventure: Caravan Of Courage, 1984, ABC-TV.
Ewoks: The Battle For Endor, 1985, ABC-TV.
Ewoks - animated series, 1985-1986, ABC-TV.
All New Ewoks - animated series, 1986-1987, ABC-TV.
Sansweet, Steven J. - The Star Wars Encyclopedia. Bantam, 1998.
Mangels, Andy - Star Wars The Essential Guide to Characters. Del Rey, 1995.
Additional thanks go to:
