  Limit 3 Items per customer
In stock for shipping
Free Store Pickup: Select a store
product
product
Special Offers
Free Standard Shipping (up to $20) on ANY Toys total purchase of $75 or more. Excludes video game hardware. -  Free Shipping (up to $20) ( Details )
This content requires iframes to display correctly.
The dark forces of the Empire are about to meet their match in this LEGO Star Wars Ewok Attack building set, perfect for ages 7 to 12! Construct this cool 166-piece battle set; then lead the Ewoks in their ambush against the Imperial Scout Trooper. Watch how the tree becomes a fortress with catapults, booby traps, hidden compartments, and even a retractable ladder! The Star Wars building set includes an Imperial Scout Trooper minifigure with speeder bike, and Tokket and Logray Ewok warrior minifigures and weapons. With you and the Ewoks together in this LEGO Star Wars Ewok Attack, the Dark Side doesn't stand a chance.
Features
Swing this awesome tree open to reveal a perfect hiding place for a battle-ready Ewok.
Launch the boulder barrage!
Use the catapult on top of the tree to launch 'rocks' against the enemy.
Ready, aim, flick-fire!
Flick-fire the missile at the Imperial Scout Trooper.
Roll out the attack!
Lift the lever and watch as the the logs roll out to stop the Imperial speeder bike.
Climb to safety!
Once your little Ewok has climbed to safety, retract the ladder and confound the enemy.
Description
Product Description
Ambush the Imperial scout trooper from the Ewok's treetop hideout with the LEGO Star Wars Ewok Attack (7956)! Prepare to lead the Ewoks in an ambush! Watch the Imperial scout trooper on his Imperial speeder bike and get ready to strike-Ewok style! Launch a barrage of stones and release the tumbling logs! Then hide in the secret compartment and retract the ladder!
The LEGO Star Wars Ewok Attack (7956) includes:
3 (No Suggestions): Imperial scout trooper with speeder bike, Logray and Ewok warrior
Treetop hideout features stone launcher, log trap, secret compartment and retractable ladder
Launch stones from the treetop hideout!
Flick-fire logs onto the Imperial scout trooper!
Retract the ladder and retreat to safety!
Measures over 6" (15cm) wide and 4" (10cm) tall
Imperial speeder bike measures over 5" (12cm) long
Contains 166 pieces.
To be able to understand why LEGO has been successful for so long, just look to the name. LEGO originally got its name from founder Ole Kirk Christiansen who combed the Danish words "Leg Got" which means "play well". He later realized that LEGO in Latin translates to "I put together." The LEGO set became a standard of creative play for children worldwide, unlocking the creativity to build vehicles, buildings, cities and more. Historians point to the invention of the wheel as a major turning point in world history. The invention of the LEGO wheel had the same monumental effect in the history of LEGO, making it possible to create cars, trucks and eventually the LEGO train building set that is one of the most successful LEGO sets of all time. LEGO currently produces about 20 billion LEGO bricks a year and has sold over 400 billion LEGOs in their history -- enough for every person on the planet to have over 60 LEGOs each!
Additional Info
