Yes
Am I ready for a dog?
Adopting a dog is a life-changing event--or should be. A dog needs lots of time and attention and you've got to be there every day to give it. So, BEFORE filling out the animatch adoption form, find out whether you're ready for a dog, or would be happier with a goldfish instead: Fill this great questionnaire now to find out of you are ready for a dog.
Members Comments
posted on August 25, 2010
Hello Helen et all
Can i make an appointment to see Ewok?  Please please ..... My kids are at cegep (But have varied schedual so he would not be home alone  alot .... is he house broken??
He seem’s like he is part Westie .... I have an application on file already
looking fro a westi or scottie
thank you
posted on August 27, 2010
He sure is an absolute cutie! Good luck Jacquie!
Wendy Shetler Berty
posted on September 09, 2010
Is Ewok still available?  Are you taking him to Finnegan’s on Saturday morning?  we would come to see him and Magui if they will be there at the Meet and Greet….Please advise as we are very interested in both Magui and Ewok….(I’ve sent my adoption application form)
Sarah
posted on September 28, 2010
Hi Helen and volunteers!
i was just wondering if you could tell me if Ewok sheds heavily?!
thanks for your time
Ana
posted on October 14, 2010
I have a Lhasa Apso x-terrier, I adopted him from Animatch almost 1 year ago…..He used to be named Credit, he is now Buddy. He does not shed , I brush him once a week but needs to be taken to the groomer every 2 to 3 months. Depending on the groomer and lenght of hair it can cost between 40 to 55$ per visti. As for behavior, with patience he has become a wonderful addition to the family
, as for barking? yes he barks, and sounds off the alarm when the guests arrive
we love him to pieces
Barbara
posted on November 04, 2010
Hi Animatch,
I really look forward to meeting Ewok as he is so adorable plus the fact that he looks just like my little girl Adora who is part Low Chen and Sheltie/Terrier - she looks more Maltese though.  Ewok is the same coloring as her and the same kind of temperament from what I read.  I am moving into a new home soon in the country and can just imagine the both of them playing there - a match made in heaven!!!
THANKS FOR ALL YOUR GOOD WORK :o))
hannah
posted on November 16, 2010
Hey Barbra!
How did your meeting go well with Ewok? Are you the right match for each other?
hannah
posted on November 16, 2010
Sorry ,
For the first sentance I meant Did you meeting go well with Ewok?
Leave a comment
