I bought the DVD, the feeling that nostalgia to see this when I was 9
with my little sister had a value of 10 dollars. Even
joked with a young couple in the check-out counter, (remember that films),
on how they all liked as children.
What I did not expect was that the film will take place until
after all these years, and you mind, I have not seen this since the mid or late 80's.
A lot of movies we liked as children age because of bad that all
grow. But I found EWOK Adventures, now called Caravan of Courage,
to be just as exciting, funny and charming at 29 as I found the film when
First, what was more or less 20 years ago when debut. I think this is a
the possibility of supplementing only the best of films.
There are some (not all), stop-motion animation special effects that have aged
to be sure, but you can expect from an event for television movie
with a decidedly less expensive than the actual budget of Star Wars movies.
Most of the time, I was impressed that the magic of Star Wars
expanded beyond the big screen in a film and television. When
return of Jedi left, I like a lot of other hardcore
Star Wars fans: I did not like it too much appearance furry creatures. I wanted more
Han Solo and Darth Vader and lightsaber battles. He
eased into the little guys, but I do not think
hardcore Star Wars fans have nothing to fear though. I found the Ewoks to be even more
beloved, brave and charming in their own adventures, playing outside
as a sort of Goonies: Star Wars style.
above all, I recommend this movie to anyone because it is one of those special films
, (like the original Star Wars movies themselves), which
entertain adults and children. The film has great characters, has a very rapid pace
, has a good story and is very well acted. In other words, this is a
winner.
And for 10 dollars, I do not know that I have spent 10 dollars, as well as I
when I picked up this DVD --- which also counts on the sequel that I can now see
for the first time. Definitely worth watching and buying.
EnriqueH
