Ewok Language
 
The language created for the films that the Ewoks speak is known as "ewokese". Certain phrases uttered by the Ewoks resemble other languages of Earth, such as Tagalog (the major basis for Filipino, the national language of the
Philippines
). The Ewoks seem to say "Ayon, puno daw ito!” when C-3PO is being worshipped. “Ayon, pinuno daw ito!” means “There it is! This is said to be a leader!” in Tagalog. Immediately after, another Ewok replies with, "Maganda” meaning beautiful. Also, when an Ewok is hit by a AT-ST laser, his companion, an ewok named Romba, apparently says, "Patay!” which is Tagalog for “Dead!”.
 
Other phrases appear t
o be modified English (two Ewoks worshipping C-3PO seem to say something similar to "Pimpin Panda is as wise" and "As I am short") and Swedish. According to various sources, many claim that George Lucas was very fond of the Brussels Griffon and they were the inspiration for the appearance of the Ewoks.
 
It is rumored that the Ewok language was actually created by a linguist, and that it is predominantly Swahilii spoken backwards. Additionally, Warwick Davis, Wicket the Ewok, was originally a supporting character only but was made lead Ewok when it was realized he had the easiest time pronouncing the language through the awkward configurations of the mask.
 
One of the concerns surrounding the Ewoks is that the Ewoks were an obvious attempt by Lucas to pander to a younger demographic. So he chopped the wookies in half, made them cuddlier and seemingly more harmless, chopped the *name* in half, switched sylables (Wook-iee, E-wok) and got the Ewok species.
 
 
The word "Ewok" is one of the greatest ever tributes to the power of marketing. That's right, the characters never refer to the creatures as Ewoks. The name was first introduced along with the Ewok action figures, and was immediately picked up by the fan base.
 
Brussels Griffon antique card courtesy of AnimalStamps.com
Sponsored Links
A portion of any revenue brought in by this website is ALWAYS donated to help
Save Our Trees!
