Unsuspecting traveler: "What's this?... a teddy bear?"
Ewok: "Manna manna? E s'eesht!!"
Unsuspecting traveler: "What the... ? HELP! Aahhhh... <censored>"
— An unsuspecting traveler meets an Ewok[src]
During many years after the first discovery of Endor many more people discovered the planet and thought to be the first travelers to ever visit the planet. They were all welcomed by groups of cute little bears and they thought they had found a paradise. But things soon changed when the Ewoks showed their true intentions, they captured their visitors but didn't eat them. After three Ewoks had tasted the new food, and lived for at least three days after eating the food, the Ewoks prepared a feast and once the preparations were complete they roasted their visitors alive and ate them. If, for some reason, one of the three Ewoks who tasted the new food died, the visitors were still roasted alive. But they weren't eaten by the Ewoks, the Ewoks would give the roasted deadly visitors to any enemy they could not overpower and eat, these persons would then eat the food and die.
xdruigy7fodgrtxyhuzxzjmhugEating stormtroopers
Edit
When the Empire discovered the planet, the Ewoks did what they always did when someone found them, they pretended they were cute little bears. The Empire was fooled by the clever Ewoks and started building a Death Star above Endor, and they sent many, many stormtroopers to the planet. The Ewoks were waiting for the right moment to start eating people when the Rebel Alliance (and Luke ) found Endor. When Luke met an Ewok, he was fooled by the "cute little bear act" and tried to cuddle with the creature. Unfortunately for him, he did not yet know that Ewoks hated to cuddle, he soon found out the hard way when the Ewok tried to eat him. Eventually the Ewoks and Rebels became friends because the Ewoks thought Leia was HOT and figured they could get friendly with her by being friends with her friends.
When the Rebels found the Death Stars shield generator and attacked it, the thing was (for some weird reason) located on Endor instead of on the Death Star, the Ewoks realized that their new friends were no match for their new food source. So, they decided to help out and make one big dinner party out of it. The Ewok forces were led by Simon the Killer Ewok , who was known for his brilliant hit and run tactics. The poor unsuspecting stormtroopers never saw it coming, one minute they were killing Rebels, the next moment they were being roasted alive by cute little bears.
uio89pypEwok history revealed
