6 External links
Physiology
Ewoks are stocky, sapient bipeds that stand about one meter tall.  They have flat faces, are completely covered in fur and have large jewel-like eyes.  Both their fur and their eyes come in a variety of earth-tones, primarily brown, white, grey, gold and black.  Despite their small size, Ewoks are strong; in the climactic battle scene of The Return of the Jedi, they are shown to physically overpowering and once even throwing Imperial Stormtroopers ; however, this detail is not consistent throughout the film.
Ewoks are speaking Tibetan.  It is sped up and perhaps played backwards, but it is Tibetan.
Society
Ewoks live high among the trees of their home planet's forests, in villages built on platforms between the closely spaced trees.  They are shown venturing to the forest floor to hunt, and set traps to catch various prey.  Although extremely skilled in forest survival and the construction of primitive technology such as wooden gliders and catapults, the Ewoks have yet to progress past stone age technology. The Stone Age is a broad prehistoric time period during which Humans widely used stone for toolmaking They use spears and slings as weapons; they also use hang gliders, battle wagons, and bordoks as vehicles. A sling is a projectile Weapon typically used to throw a blunt Projectile such as a stone This is a list of creatures in the fictional Star Wars universe They are shown to be quick learners, however, when exposed to advanced technology with simple mechanical processes and concepts.
The Ewoks have a tribal culture, with a Council of Elders ruling over them, and the Council, in turn, headed by the Chief.  A medicine man also lives in the Ewok village.
The surrounding giant trees play an important cultural role in the Ewok religion; the Ewoks are a deeply spiritual race who believe themselves to be descendants of the Great Tree, a sacred tree in the forests.  Ewoks also get their medicine from a single tree deep in the forests of Endor's moon.  The tree excretes a substance in which the Ewoks call "Chak".  They use it to heal their ills. . They also get medicine from the medicine man Logray.
Language
An "Ewokese" language was created for the films.  On the commentary track for the DVD of Return of the Jedi, sound designer Ben Burtt explains that the language is based on Kalmyk , a language spoken by the isolated, nomadic Kalmyk people of China . Sound design is a technical/conceptually creative field It covers all non-compositional elements of a film a play a music performance Benjamin Burtt Jr (born July 12, 1948) is a four time Academy Award-winning Sound designer and sound editor for many famous and noteworthy films Kalmyk (also known as Kalmuck Calmouk Qalmaq Kalmytskii Jazyk Khalmag Volga Oirat Weilate Western Mongol is the Language of the Kalmyks and Oirats Kalmyk redirects here for the breed of cattle see Kalmyk (cattle. Talk People's Republic of China) PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA ARTICLE GUIDELINES Burtt heard the language in a documentary and liked its sound, which seems very alien to Western ears, and after some research identified an 80-year old Kalmyk refugee . The term Western world, the West or the Occident ( Latin: occidens -sunset -west as distinct from the Orient) can have multiple meanings According to the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, a refugee is a person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race Burtt recorded her telling folk stories in her native language, and then used the recordings as a basis for sounds that became the Ewok language and were performed by voice actors who imitated the old woman's voice in different styles.  For the scene in which C-3P0 speaks Ewokese, actor Anthony Daniels worked with Burtt and invented words, based on the Kalmyk recordings. Anthony Kingsley Daniels (born February 21, 1946) is an English Actor, known for his role as the droid C-3PO in the
Role in Return of the Jedi
George Lucas created the Ewoks because he wanted Return of the Jedi to feature a tribe of primitive creatures that bring down the technological Empire. George Walton Lucas Jr (born May 14, 1944) is an Academy Award -winning American Film director, producer, Screenwriter He had originally intended the scenes to be set on the Wookie home planet, but as the film series evolved, the Wookies became technologically skilled.  Lucas designed a new species instead, and says his approach was simple: Wookies are tall, so he made Ewoks short. [1]
The Ewoks are involved in a large portion of the final installment in Lucas' original Star Wars trilogy.  When the Empire begins operations on the moon of Endor, prior to the events depicted in the film, it ignores the primitive Ewoks. The Galactic Empire is one of the main factions in the Star Wars universe. Princess Leia Organa , part of a Rebel strike team, then befriends the Ewok Wicket W. Warrick , a scout from said village, and is taken to meet the other Ewoks. Leia and Princess Leia redirect here For the Blackadder character see Princess Leia of Hungary. Wicket Wystri Warrick is a Fictional character from the Star Wars universe, first introduced in Return of the Jedi The rest of the strike team are then trapped by Ewoks and brought to the village.  The Ewoks worship the protocol droid C3PO , thinking he is a god due to his displays of power arranged by Luke Skywalker through the Force . C-3PO ( Nicknamed Threepio) is a Fictional character from the Star Wars universe, who appears in both the original Luke Skywalker is the main protagonist of the Star Wars universe portrayed by Mark Hamill in the films Star Wars Episode IV The Force is one of the main concepts in the fictional Star Wars universe, created by George Lucas. C3PO tells the Council of Elders the adventures of the Rebel heroes Skywalker, Princess Leia , and Han Solo . Leia and Princess Leia redirect here For the Blackadder character see Princess Leia of Hungary. Han Solo is a character in the Star Wars universe. He was played by Harrison Ford in Star Wars Episode IV A New Hope, The Ewoks accept the Rebels into their tribe, and ally themselves to their cause.  They then help in the ground battle to destroy the Imperial shield generator on the forest floor, and their primitive weapons fell the Imperial Stormtroopers and the AT-ST walkers of the Empire. Walkers are fictional vehicles This assistance paves the way to victory at the Battle of Endor.  Later that night, the Ewoks are shown holding a huge celebration.
See also
