Amazon Verified Purchase
Durability:    Educational:    Fun:   
Going by outward appearances one would be fooled into thinking that there isn't much to this set apart from a tree fort and speeder bike. However this tree does not only look nice but it also possesses a large number of weapons the brake Ewoks can use against the Empire.
First off; there is a catapult which despite its small size works really well and I was able to fire the 'stone' a good three feet discounting rolling (just make sure you don't fire it in the general direction of clutter or that nasty space between the floor and your furniture!). Also it rotates.
Then (and this is my favourite weapon) you get a pair of falling logs which are released onto the unfortunate Scout Trooper below via a simple hinge mechanism.
Then there is a secret compartment in the tree operated by a hinge in which a little Ewok (or crafty Imperial) can hide in, unfortunately there is not enough room to allow weapons to be brought in with the figure. However it does also allow you to change the appearance of the tree if you want it to act more as a façade.
Then there is a 'flick-fire' branch which can be fired by revealing the compartment (I find the compartment 'door' makes for a good handle). As with all 'flick-fire' weapons there is a certain bit of technique required but thanks to the sturdiness of the model I was able not to break it. As to how exactly Ewoks fire branches from trees at their enemies... er, magic? (they did seem to be able to use magic in some EU sources)
There is a sliding branch which goes right though the tree and can be used like a battering ram by simply flicking one end of the log causing the Scout Trooper to be knocked away a few inches. Again, how the Ewoks do this we may never know...
That is just the tree however, there is also an excellent Speeder Bike model with a really nice control system as well as two Ewoks; Logray the Shaman and Tokkat, both of whom have some nice detailing on their combined body/head pieces. As well as a long suffering Scout Trooper.
The only problem with this set is that the Scout Trooper doesn't have a small pistol like he did in the movies. However I'm sure most people can muster up a small blaster from some other set if it REALLY bothers them. Apart from that this is a good set which unlike other Lego tree sets doesn't fall to pieces when you look at it. All in all, a very worthwhile addition to any collection.
