“Grammar.”
Shipra
you said it Calgary…i wish i cud do something similar for my kids..am going  to now…
C3
gag between father and daughter = priceless.
gag between daughter and internetz masses = expensive therapy untill 30.
ladyluna55
I think it’s awesome! That Dad took the time to make sure this vacation is one his daughter will remember forever! What’s the difference in a fantasy story that involved ewok’s, or a fantasy that involved 7 dwarfs?
Anonymous
thanks will not just be enough, for the extraordinary lucidity in your
writing. I will immediately grab your rss feed to stay privy of any updates
musicians networking site
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=711436486 James Theobald
don’t worry, it is possible to go back to that mind state of wonder that a child possesses, while fully embracing ‘reality’ whatever that may be for you. adulthood is not necessarily synonymous with the doldrums…
Supermiffy
Now thatis a super cool dad!
Ali Zaidi
hahaha…. well said!!!  ‘Cuz then you got her for LIFE !! hahaha
Thisbear
Enough of the therapy bit already.  How many people who grew up with the Brothers Grimm tales (and drawings, pre-photoshop and Internet) needed therapy as a result of those stories?  What about Disney movies?  I have a sister who, to this day believes that Bambi should have been censored for its scary bits, but it is a perspective, she’s not in therapy over it.  So photoshop’s unreality isn’t that different from fairy tales, Dungeons and Dragons, Harry Potter.   
Evermumteaches
ahh dont worry, someone will show this page to them
http://twitter.com/Soiden Sebastián Soto
Easter bunny, Santa Claus, Jesus…
Benzene
Yeah!, lying to kids is cool!
Comp1337e
This is awesome.  I have to do this to my great-nieces. :D
velola
Who can proof these pictures are photoshopped at all???
Choo
now the entire world is on into the joke, and she’s the only one who doesn’t know. boohoohoo!
http://www.facebook.com/adii.ibrahim ADii Deth Rockr Ibrahim
 hahaha! cool dad… ;p
zaidi maarof
i can tell that she might end up in some mental asylums one day….well done! now the joke is on you daddy!
she must be so devastated when she finds out the truth…
zaidi maarof
hope you daughter friends’ parents wont find out, or u’ll be completely doomed…when she goes to school… “hey my mom saw your dad pull a prank you on the internet…cool…” hahaha….
Picturethatphotography
omg. i wonder who actually writing those stupid comments about therapy has even got kids…we lie to our kids everyday, being it about the easter bunny, santa or a bloody ewok in a photo. are those photos of little girls dressing up as fairys against a green screen with butterflys and other little fairys about not lying. get over it.. its a wonderful story and im sure that in years to come she will be laughing down the pub with her mates about how crazy her dad is and how much he loves her to do that… bloody do gooders shit me.
Anonymous
