The Ewok Adventure Battle of Endor
See all 10 photos
See all 10 photos
The Ewoks Join in the Fight
The meter tall ewoks build their homes high in the forest trees; where most people use space ships and speed bikes the ewokes use primitive gliders to pop to the shops; hey if it’s not broke why try and fix it.
Ruled over by the Ewok Chief 'Chirp' and the elders of each tribe who still have the old belief of honoring all types of different gods run into C-P3O and liken  him to be a god carrying him back to there village where C-3PO after a little internal reprogramming talks to them ewokish,  like English only a little more wokish.
The Ewoks love story telling, indeed that's how there history evolves, and C-3PO could go on for hours; The heading being 'Stop The Empire'. He explained how the empire had come to their moon to build the death star and what they would be able to do with it once it was fully fitted and ready for action. He persuaded the Ewoks to put in with them and get rid of the unwanted intruders.
R2D2C-3PO, It's one of their kids
Click thumbnail to view full-size
Well what do think one of the two best droids' "I'd like to thank me Mam and Dad and all the people who voted for me.
On the move
Three months on the atkinson diet.
Vote for the Best Droid?
My Milk Man, Ok, out fo these two then
C-3PO
See results without voting
This LEGO Ewok Adventure Comes With
The 3 deceivingly fierce LEGO Ewoks, 2 Rebel Commandoes, a Death Star Trooper, 2 Scout Troopers, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Han Solo and Princess Leia .
The movers and shakers: the definitive Ewok Catapult, the enormous AT-ST Scout Walker, 2 Speeder Bikes which carried out the most breathtaking chase sequence in the movie, the Imperial Shield Bunker and the stylish Ewok Glider;
The set as a mid range price of just £73 from the LEGO Shop , which seems to be the lowest price around, and more than worth the money.
Now hardened collectors will be distraught when I suggest this; get hold of another Ewok catapult and Luke Skywalker, still below £100.
AND LET THE BATTLE COMENCE!
Battle for the Ewok Forest Moon of Endor
The battle on the moon of Endor depicts the last battle of the rebel alliance; the Imperial bunker has to be destroyed to remove the Death Stars defensive shield.
Featured: Is the Imperial Bunker, which expands at the rear making it even larger; it has collapsing walls, when hit by a rocket, and sliding blast doors to the front.
The AT-ST killing machine is a verygood reproduction of the movie original; high jacked by the Ewoks and Chewbacca to help save the day; this monster with infinitely more moving parts than it’s predecessor is one of the kids favourites.
The definitive 'Ewok Catapult' takes the number one spot, remember on the back croft when you used to play solders and the boy with the field gun that fired used match sticks, this is it the demolisher, who ever as this wins hands down; this thing fires rocks across a room; now you know why you have to get two. Hope you like this introduction to the Lego Star Wars Ewok.
