EWOK 5MH you better believe it
due to migrating BLDD to a new server our interview with EWOK5MH was lost in cyberspace. But I have found it again, so happy reading and happy watching. The guy is awesome.
When you love street art and the customization of things like toys, sneakers, garbage, like we do. You can’t help it but some guys you just notice, it can be their work, their track record or just that feel.
For me it was that feel (yep, I can’t better describe it, maybe in the future) that made me wonder what Ewok had to say, think or …….
So here are some questions and a whole bunch of photos.
Name: EWOK 5MH
Resident: USA (EAS COAST)
———————— BEGIN ————————-
EWOK5MH ::: STARTED WRITING ON SHIT around 1990, noticed graffiti probably in the later 80′s from being in the street all the time with my skateboard buddies, early graffiti influenced art consisted of “SHUT” skateboard graphics, and of course “SUBWAY ART” to my knowledge the first book documenting the NYC train era. Continued to toy it up all through the early part of the 90′s till around 96 i felt like i had an “ok” grasp of what i was doing. ’96 moved to Brooklyn from upstate New York to get a bachelor in traditional animation. Racked up a pretty hefty police record for graffiti from ’93 up till my last arrest in 2001. 8 counts in total so far, too many as is if you ask me, but hopefully these days i have learned a few things as well as steered things a little more positive.
B|L|D|D ::: Guess the name Ewok is star wars related. But 5MH, what’s that all about?
EWOK5MH ::: Just for the record, the name EWOK has nothing to do with the actual star wars critter. At the time it was simply a 4 letter word that no one was writing, this is a big problem in the graffiti scene, someone else having the same name. So these 4 letters wrote nicely and no one wrote it. The 5MH is a crew of mine from Brooklyn who I met and linked up with in 1993 (KEL and DOMS) in the very height of their carriers as street bombers in NYC, the crew for the most part is on vacation, but none the less I choose to take the name with me wherever I go. From time to time the 5 makes it a point to come back and make a little noise, but I’m here to stay and I keep the name alive with everything I do.
B|L|D|D ::: We read you had an event in Tokyo (Japan) in February this year, did you yourself been there? Impressions, feelings?
EWOK5MH ::: Yeah i had a show at the DEPOT Gallery ( http://www.depotcrew.com ) in Tokyo, it was my first JAPAN show , I had an incredible time, the people are very friendly, and I can’t wait to go back, there’s another show in the work right now, a group “MOTUG” show, another group I’m affiliated with. a group of incredible talent that when we are all together working on projects whether it be toys, sneakers, t-shirts the energy is UNPARALLED! Your gonna have to keep your ears open about MOTUG.( http://www.theshowroomnyc.com/motug/ ) And if anyone is interested in seeing a photo montage from my Japan trip , pick up this months VAPORS magazine.
- GIMME graphic
B|L|D|D ::: Could you give us a list of your latest projectz and which will be the one in the near future?
EWOK5MH ::: Latest projects, I just rapped up a sneaker project with DKNY who will release a limited run of 2 different shoes, for the collectors out there, these will be released in limited numbers in certain locations. Shoes are to be released SOON. Also I continuously work on toy projects, as well as custom toy projects for shows that sometimes end up getting chosen to be produced. So in that sense, there always seems to be something on the horizon, my biggest gripe with the toy industry is he turn around time is way out of control. MOTUG as the group just released a limited shirt capsule in collaboration with the online apparel company DIGITAL GRAVEL ( http://www.digitalgravel.com ) a company that has been a great supporting effort in this underground movement helping artists like myself make good money with my own name and not having to go back to work and do the 9-5 gig. Other random projects in the works include background animation design for a kids show called “lazy town” which will premier in the states within the year if everything goes the way it’s planned. Lazy town is a kind of sesame street show for the urban youth with rappers as guests, like heavy d, jay z, alicia keys,busta rhymes etc all talking to kids and teaching the ways of life growing up in the city. A real good project created by “Poke” from “Track Masters”. Other things include the constant painting process for future shows, designing and promoting my own graphics for THE GIMME PROJECT which is the company name or umbrella for anything released with my name on it, whether it be toys, t-shirts etc. I also design for the L.A. based clothing company SCIFEN.
B|L|D|D ::: You have been into graff since the early nineties (yep, you are googlable), who would be the most talented on the streets right now according to you?
EWOK5MH ::: Most talented out there currently in my eyes, would be some of the people who are able to perform under the pressure of illegality in the dark of the night and come off with top notch work, fast clean, complex. Revok in LA. is a favourite of mine. Totem2 in ATLANTA has some incredible stuff. then I like grimy NYC style street graffiti, classic hand styles and throwups XTC/YKK crew, of course 5MH , RIS , GOD , TFP and that’s about it for people I actually pay attention to, the rest kind a falls flat for me now a days. Its just that these people are the few who still remind me of the love I had when I first got into graffiti almost 16 yrs ago, that feeling I’ve lost time and time again, but I still am able to get from these people, so to them I humbly tip my hat. If they weren’t around, I wouldn’t be able to feed of their energy and I probably wouldn’t be as active in the graffiti “world”.
B|L|D|D ::: ’cause of your graff. background we have got these graff. related questions. SEEN or CAP (create or destroy?)
EWOK5MH ::: SEEN
B|L|D|D ::: Skinny or fat?
EWOK5MH ::: FAT (caps that is)
B|L|D|D ::: Favourite surface to work on?(brick, plastic, metal? Or….?)
EWOK5MH ::: Anything fucked up and aged, layers of shit, concrete, metal, it doesn’t matter.
B|L|D|D ::: Graff turnin’ commercial….what do you think? Commercial crap or a broad board to perform?
EWOK5MH ::: Its great IF the right people get the work, and represent their culture properly, not some graphic designer getting paid to do his version of graffiti while his add firm researched graffiti pix online and showed him 8 pictures and said “do the add with this look , but not so street” . Get the fuck outta here, give the right people the work, and allow them to do it the RIGHT way. There’s a lot of money being made right now, and as long as these people keep it pure it cannot be exploited. The realer it’s represented, the more “fans” will see it, and the stronger the following, the more jobs and revenue created.
B|L|D|D ::: Are you still doing all your stuff under EWOK5MH or do you have another name?
EWOK5MH ::: I do everything under EWOK 5MH. If I ever choose to go “public” with my gov’t name, etc EWOK 5MH will definitely be attached to it, I DO NOT like when a graffiti artist uses graffiti as a stepping stone to get to some platue , gets somewhere in an art scene then drops his tag and tries to use his name. Stepping on the back of graffiti and leaving it for dead is a bad thing in my eyes. If it made you who you are today, don’t abandon it.
B|L|D|D ::: Now a big question “What is art” to/for you?
EWOK5MH ::: N/A
B|L|D|D ::: If you were the coach of an all-time-street-artists-team (say 5 on the street and 3 on the bench), who would be you starting line-up and who would be your reserves (can be none artists, just peepz you would like to hang out with)?
EWOK5MH ::: Whoa, all-star team of destruction. All beef’s and politics aside, JA, SKUF, SEEN, COPE, REVOK, SENTO, TOTEM, GHOST. That squad would be deadly in all aspects, destruction, longevity, lettering, stealth, overall mass amounts of work. That’s the EWOK 5MH dream team. Who’s gonna be the first corporate company to step up and give 300 grand for a street team to promote their concept? hahaha. SIGN THE CHECK, i can make it happen!
{Tag The System}
B|L|D|D ::: What do you think of europe?(ever been there, impressions?)
EWOK5MH ::: Not yet
B|L|D|D ::: Any other hobbies? (Hint: toys, sneakers, ballet)
EWOK5MH ::: EVISU DENIM, vintage TRANSFORMERS.
B|L|D|D ::: Anything you would like to add/say to the BLDD readers?
EWOK5MH ::: I dunno, I’m really picky about artists out there, and not much moves me anymore to be honest, very critical of others work.
B|L|D|D ::: Who would you recommend to be interviewed by BLDD and what would be a question, could you name one or two?
EWOK5MH ::: Hmm, I would recommend an interview to NYC LASE, REVOK in L.A. ,TOTEM2 in ATL.
———————— END ————————-
So far our interview with EWOK5MH, I really wanna thank EWOK for his patience, time and effort making this interview possible.
Keep a look out for those DKNY sneakerz and when you have scored a pair send us a photo as evidence
.
Before you go don’t forget to look at all the corresponding photos with this article. Just scroll down and read the little titles by the photos.
Have a good day,
