[ edit ] Plot
The series focuses on the adventures of Wicket W. Warrick and his friends on the forest moon of Endor during the years before the events in Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi. [1] The primary recurring villains are Morag the Tulgah Witch, who had a personal grudge against the tribe's shaman, Master Logray , and the Duloks, a rival species that is related to the Ewoks. [2]
[ edit ] Characters
[ edit ] The Ewok Tribe
Wicket W. Warrick is a young Ewok with a headstrong and determined attitude. Wicket is determined to be a great warrior so in his early years this often sees him getting into trouble, however he had very good initiative. He is the youngest out of three, his older two brothers being Weechee and Willy. Son of Deej and Shodu. Plays around often with some of the other young Ewoks: Kneesaa, Latara and Teebo. Wicket is a dark brown ewok from the animated series with a red hood. He later gets a green hood in season two.
Princess Kneesaa is daughter of the Chief of the Ewok tribe, Chirpa. Her mother was killed by a Hanadak while she tried to protect Kneesaa and her lost sister Asha, who safely hidden but Asha wandered away. Kneesaa plays with her friends Wicket, Teebo and Latara and is often the voice of reason and wisdom on their adventures, but usually ends up in just as much trouble as they get into anyway. Kneesaa often appears smitten with Wicket however throughout the series there is nothing there to indicate that they are romantically involved. Aside from her sister, Kneesaa is an only child. She wears a pink hood with a blue gem dangling near her forehead over her white and grey fur.
Teebo is fascinated by tales of sorcery and magic, and idolizes their shaman, Master Logray, and early on becomes his Apprentice. He is a bit of a dreamer and sometimes a little clumsy. He also appears to have no interest in Latara early on, despite how smitten she is, although this changes in season two where Teebo is constantly trying to get her attention and fails miserably. Often Teebo lacks discipline, but this is something he learns over time from his Master and becomes a respectful young ewok. Notably Teebo has a little sister named Malani, who is has fallen head over heals for his friend Wicket. Teebo's fur is a bright yellow-brown and he wears a purple, daggy hood with a feather.
Latara is Kneesaa's best friend, she likes to play her flute and she has a crush on Teebo.
Paploo is Kneesaa's cousin and he is Great Chief Chirpa's nephew, he is close friends with Wicket and Teebo. He sometimes joins in when the young ewoks go on their adventures. He is the oldest, but certainly doesn't act like it.
Malani is Teebo's little sister, she is a close friends with Latara's brother and sister Wiley and Nippet and Wicket's little sister Winda. She has a developed crush on Wicket and she desperately tries to impress him. Malani doesn't realize that Kneesaa and Wicket are a couple.
Weechee is Wicket's eldest brother and also the bravest of the Warrick Family.
Willy is Wicket's older brother and little brother to Weechee. He is clumsy, but nice.
Deej is a very respected warrior of the ewok tribe and is also a father to his four children; Wicket, Weechee, Widdle (commonly known as 'Willy') and Winda. In the episode "To Save Deej", Wicket and his two brothers set off on a journey to collect ingredients to save their father from a terrible sickness. His wife is Shodu. He is a dark grey ewok with a purple hood.
Shodu Warrick is Deej's wife and Wicket's mother.
Nippet and Wiley are Latara's younger siblings. At times, Latara has to stay home with her brother and sister.
Chief Chirpa is father to Kneesaa and Asha, He gives order to the warriors, when they are fighting against the Duloks.
Master Logray is the Ewoks' wizard.
[ edit ] Other characters
Asha is Kneesaa's big sister, when Kneesaa was a wokling and Hanadak kill her mother and Asha was missing, and now she is return to village, her father Chief Chirpa is glad to see his daughter again.
Urga is King Garneesh's lover and the only female Dulok in the series.
King Garneesh is the leader of the Duloks.
Morag is the witch and evil counterpart of Logray.
The Phlogs
The Hanadak
Erpham Warrick is Wicket's Great Grandfather and was once a great warrior for the Ewok tribe and still remains to this day one who is looked up to by young Ewoks. Not much is known about Erpham as he died years ago but he makes a brief appearance when Wicket tries to repair his old battle wagon and instructs him. In the years before he died he was a golden colored Ewok with a green hood.
