― Captain Toss , Imperial Survey Team IX3244-B [src]
A group of Ewoks
When the Empire began operations on the moon of Endor, they dismissed the primitive species as harmless. However, a botched attempt at first contact with Ewoks by some Imperial soldiers resulted in Ewoks terrorizing Imperial positions. [13] Many Ewoks were taken as slaves . [14] Imperial operations were situated around the area near Bright Tree Village. Princess Leia Organa , part of a Rebel strike team, met and befriended Wicket W. Warrick, who took her back to his village as an honored guest. [2]
Meanwhile, another group of Ewoks had captured Luke Skywalker , Chewbacca , Han Solo , R2-D2 , and C-3PO . When these Ewoks saw the protocol droid C-3PO, they identified him as a long-prophesied god called "The Golden One ". Despite Wicket and Leia's protests, Logray would have sacrificed them as a feast in C-3PO's honor. Skywalker's use of the Force combined with C-3PO's warnings soon changed Chief Chirpa's mind, however. [2]
That night, Threepio told the Council of Elders the adventures of the Rebel heroes. The Ewoks accepted the Rebels into their tribe, and allied themselves to their cause. The Ewoks helped in the ground battle to destroy the Imperial shield generator on the forest floor, and their primitive weapons felled the stormtroopers and the scout walkers of the Empire, although they took many losses to Imperial blaster fire. This assistance paved the way for the destruction of the second Death Star and the Rebel victory at the Battle of Endor . Later that night, the Ewoks held a huge celebration that could be heard throughout the forest. [2]
After the Battle of Endor, some Imperial propaganda stated that the Ewoks were driven into extinction due to the after effects of the battle. [15] In fact, the Rebel forces managed to stop the debris from the Death Star II from having a serious environmental effect on the forest moon. [16]
Hume Tarl, a surviving Imperial Stormtrooper from the battle, however, hated the Ewoks for their methods of battle, as they had killed several of his comrades in various brutal ways. He later shared his experiences to Cindel Towani , voicing his opinion on the Ewoks. [17]
Ewok warriors
After the Rebellion reorganized into the Alliance of Free Planets , the Alliance used Bright Tree Village as their headquarters for a brief period of time. [18] Even with the Imperial forces gone from Endor, it was a turbulent time for the Ewoks. The Hiromi instigated a conflict between the Lahsbee and the Ewoks, which was resolved through the Alliance's efforts. [19] Soon afterwards, a second battle was fought in the skies above Endor when the Alliance was attacked by Nagai and Maccabree forces led by the self-proclaimed Dark Lady of the Sith Lumiya . [20]
Though the Alliance forces left Endor soon after fighting off Lumiya's forces, the Ewoks had become part of the Galactic community . In the next few years, several Ewoks even found their way off Endor. The New Republic established trading posts on the Forest Moon. [1] Most Ewoks who traveled off-world were adventurous individuals, such as the smuggler Tarfang , [21] or the Ewok soldiers who joined the New Republic forces at the Fourth Battle of Coruscant in 10 ABY . [22] By 9 ABY , there was also a significant Ewok colony on the planet Svivren , although it is not known when or how they first settled there. [23]
On Endor itself, the New Republic later set up semi-permanent outposts (such as Salfur's Trading Post ) near Ewok villages. Through these seasonally staffed outposts, the Ewoks of Endor remained in intermittent contact with the outside galaxy as non-participating members of the New Republic. [23]
During the reign of Darth Caedus , Luke Skywalker and the Jedi forces used the Ewok's home as a temporary base before moving to the transitory mists. When asked about Wicket, Luke replied his group was on the other side of the moon. Old Imperial landing pads were still operational for the Jedi to use. [24]
Family
