View all 13 images »
With Star Wars: The Clone Wars debuting this week on Cartoon Network, IGN is looking back at the history of Star Wars on TV. We'd previously looked at The Star Wars Holiday Special and yesterday, we analyzed the animated series Droids . Today, we're going to focus on the first of two notable trips back to Endor Star Wars television projects took in the mid 1980s.
With the original trilogy concluded in 1983, no one knew how long the wait would be for George Lucas to make the Star Wars prequels – if he even made them at all. But only a year later, in 1984, there was in fact a brand new live-action Star Wars adventure, with the debut of the first of two Ewok TV-Movies.
- Lucasfilm
Wicket W. Warrick - scourge of the Empire
The Ewoks place in the Star Wars films is somewhat debated now – certainly, there is a notable contingent who dislikes their "cute" presence in Return of the Jedi and feel it was the beginning of bad tendencies on the part of George Lucas that would extend into the prequels (though I should probably point out I have no problems with them in Jedi). Regardless of your feelings on them now however, it's important to remember that when Jedi opened, the Ewoks were a big sensation. Kids loved the furry little characters, and plenty of stuffed animals and other toys would soon be centered on the characters. Clearly, Lucasfilm felt the Ewoks were a good way to keep Star Wars alive for children while no new theatrical films were being produced.
- Lucasfilm
Only one of these kids is making it out of here alive...
Watching the TV-Movies now, they definitely stand out as… TV-Movies. There is none of the scope or epic feeling the Star Wars movies convey. The TV-Movies are obviously aimed at children and are very simplistic and direct in their storytelling – and if you thought the Ewoks were too cute in Return of the Jedi, that feeling won't go away here, since it's pretty much all Ewoks, all the time, complete with hopping, skipping and dancing.
- Lucasfilm
Cuteness overloard alert! Code blue! Sensors overloading!
Of the two, the first, Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure (originally titled, more simply, The Ewok Adventure ) is the superior one – it's better made and its quality is fine, if unexceptional, for a TV-Movie. The frequent use of a narrator both reinforces that this is a children's story and also helps get the audience through moments of Ewoks chatting with one another in a way The Star Wars Holiday Special certainly could have used with its Wookie scenes – though there's no saving The Star Wars Holiday Special.
- Lucasfilm
Mace shows the Ewoks how he rolls
The storyline has two human children, the young Cindel and the teenage Mace (guess George Lucas really digs that name), crashing on Endor with their parents, the latter of whom are promptly kidnapped by a creature called the Gorax. The kids team with the Ewoks, most notably Return of the Jedi favorite Wickett (Warwick Davis), to save their parents, forming a rescue caravan… a caravan of courage, if you will. It's all very mundane, but entertaining enough for young children, with plenty of obvious messages about finding the strength within and the importance of family.
1
