Edit
This set is composed of three different models. The first was a speeder bike used by a Scout Trooper . It was made to mimic the Speeder Bikes used in Return of the Jedi. It resembles a brown and black, floating motorcycle, with two long blasters mounted in the front. It has a handle bar for the scout trooper to control it with. The second model is a catapult. This was made, along with the third model, to represent the Ewoks primitive fighting technology, which they use to combat the Empire's Scout Troopers. The third model is an Ewok glider, which is used by Wicket to fly through the battlefields.
Minifigures
Included were a Scout Trooper , a Stormtrooper minifigure with a yellow head, a Wicket (2002 variation) and a Paploo minifigure (2002 variation). These variants of Wicket and Paploo were exclusive to this set .
Background
Edit
This set was made to represent a fraction of the Battle of Endor. The Battle of Endor was a fictional battle in the Star Wars movie, Return of the Jedi , the sixth installment of the movie series.(it is really the third but it takes place as the sixth.) The Rebel Alliance discovered that a shield generator was placed on the forest moon of Endor. The shield generator was protecting the second Death Star , the Rebel Alliance's next target. If the Death Star II could be destroyed, the Alliance would finally defeat the Empire. The Rebel Alliance sent a group of soldiers, including General Han Solo , Princess Leia , Luke Skywalker , and two Rebel Commandos , to the planet to destroy the shield generator. The Rebels soon met the planet's native species, the Ewoks . The Ewoks and the Rebels eventually came to an agreement, that they must work together to defeat the Empire. Thus the Battle of Endor began. The Ewoks raged an attack towards the mighty Imperial Scout Troopers and Stormtroopers . This set is depicting Ewoks, Wicket and Paploo , attacking the Imperial soldiers with their primitive technology, such as rocks and slingshots.
LEGO.com Description
