Culture:
FC: What’s your taste in movies and books?
Stanley Kubrick, Mark Romanek( "Closer" NIN Video) and Chris Cuningham ( "Window Licker", Aphex Twin videos) Ren& Stimpy and Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
 
 
FC: Do you read comics? What do you think about the influence of comics on graffiti?
It's a good place to start developing your artisitic abilities, but you shouldn't stop there, it's a place to begin, not to peak at, I see writers painting over 25 yrs, still copying comic characters because they never developed their own artwork style. To me that amature, and will always be amature.. no matter how big an ego this or that one has, unless you're purely doing a wall out of homage to a specific artist, and there's no mistaking it.... like i did for Simon Bisley once which was because to me he's a one of a kind. artists like that don't come around often. I think his work would be great to see on a wall HUGE.  I think in the same way people still do the Cheech Wizard today, I don't think it's because people can't draw, I think it's purely out of respect for Vaugh Bode's legacy, he was another one of a kind entity.I recently caught a 45 minute interview of him on Youtube , the guy was a genius years ahead of the game...   Anyway, my point is this.. If you're copying images from Stock photos or using fantasy books or comic books to do all your walls, it will never matter how big you paint it, or how many expensive cans of paint get emptied, or how many people you have fly into town from Pluto to get down, it can never stand up to a one man wall created fully from my imagination.... that's what makes people Like Sub, Mode2 , Ghost, Totem2 top notch and greats of their time... It's a whole other league that's unfuckwitable.  But now lettering?  That's another can of worms I won't open right now.... Don't get me started..
FC: Ok, next time! Name an artist (or many) whose work you respect and admire.
Ah man, the names can mean different things for different reasons, Sento, Revok , Ghost, Futura 2000, Simon Bisley, Sam Keith, Kool Keith , Perry Farrell , Will Ferrel , Pharrel Williams, Bruce Lee, Clint Eastwood, Marlon Brando, Takashi Murakami , the Rubix Cube guy, Jim Morrison , Benicio Del Toro, the first guy to ever do a flip .
Style and Flow:
FC: When we came to your studio , you showed us some canvases. We were very surprised to see what type of things you put in. It's not just paint... Can you explain how it starts, and what it is?
I build a story or surrounding for my final content, which is the foreground usually. My paintings sometimes incorporated with collage work , or have no relation to the collage elements at all. Depends solely on the piece and the message I working towards.
 
 
FC: Tell us about your work for clothes brands?
I've done a few bids with a few brands to pay my bills. That's just another spoke in the wheel. Once you understand art is a language, you can use it to tell whatever it is you want people to listen to, and how loud you want to say it. Some things are a wisper, some things are yelled. Sometimes you don't say anything loud enough for people to hear because you don't want the attention. Everything has a purpose.
 
FC: We heard that you had some Copyright problems when a firm stole your design... 
Basically I get ripped off a lot, if it's another artist it's a disgrace, but if it's a big corporate company, I believe you should take legal action and publically humiliate them by making an example out of them, to set a standard that you will get your file pulled and you will fork over 10k per infringement. It's unfortunate when it happens, but I take my creations and property very seriously and I ain't to be fucked with. That's all I can really say on the issue currently as one case has been concluded and another is still active. I just hope other artists never have to go through these problems on their own.  I recommend  Legalzoom.com if you can't afford a real lawyer or if you need to register things.
 
 
FC: Tell us about Yak Ballz and your collab.
Yak is the homey, we work well together, and I'm in his corner whenever he needs anything, that's just that. I just did a new summer Tee with him you can check out here.
FC: You got mad characters, do you plan to make a comics or something like this?
Hmmm, I dont think I see myself ever doing comics, it seems to time consuming and a never ending calendar chase. I could however see myself doing cover pieces like an old friend of mine does now James Jean , another incredible talent of our time.
 
