By Rob Bricken      in Miscellaneous , Movies
Friday, June 10, 2011 at 12:00 pm
​From This Is Staffordshire :
A Harry Potter and Star Wars actor has been convicted by a jury of  indecently exposing himself to a teenage schoolgirl on a train.
Nicholas Read, a celebrity dwarf who has appeared in a number of  fantasy movie roles, touched himself in a lewd manner under a juggler's  hat on his lap.
The 40-year-old entertainer tilted the black bowler-style hat so  only the 17-year-old victim sat next to him could see what he was doing.
Read, of Wade Close, Cheadle, denied exposure, saying nothing  untoward occurred on the 55-minute journey from London to Leicester, on  October 16 last year.
A jury   unanimously convicted him at Leicester Crown Court yesterday.
Recorder Richard Bond said: "It was deliberate and persistent and  I saw how distressed the victim was as she had to re-live what the  defendant did.
"The aggravating feature is his 2004 previous conviction for  indecent assault. It's either a short-term in custody or a suspended  sentence with a requirement for  treatment for his problem, which is his  desire to do terrible things to girls."
Read will now have to enlist on a sex offender register. ...
Read was arrested on arrival at Sheffield and denied any  wrongdoing. He said he was listening to his iPod on the journey with his  hands either on top of his hat, or underneath it, and nothing remotely  sexual happened.
He said he was "merry" after drinking half a bottle of gin earlier that day, while judging a croquet competition.
... Read has been in the entertainment industry since childhood. He  was a Gringotts goblin in the 2000 film Harry Potter And The  Philosopher's Stone, and an Ewok Warrior in the 1982 Star Wars: Return  of the Jedi.
The jury was told he had a previous conviction for indecent assault in 2004 when, after a party with a Snow White panto cast, he "flaked out" on the stage manager's  sofa. He later drunkenly climbed into bed with the sleeping stage  manager and his girlfriend, and put the woman's hand on to his genitals.
Thanks to Mike P. for the tip. Yub nub, everybody! [UPDATE: Hey -- I obviously took out my commentary. As I just said in the comments, as humorous as one aspect of the article is, obviously the other aspect  is horrible, and putting in joke commentary was in very bad taste. My apologies to anyone who was offended.  Seriously. --Rob]
More links from around the web!
 
Short people ain't got no reason ... I didn't say it, Randy Newman did. Yell at him! Anyway, this short person is apparently short on civility!
I read the article and, yes, terrible that this guy, Read, is privy to such crap...  However, the image chosen here is NOT the pervert actor in costume, but a different actor who is known for playing that role in Return of the Jedi and the Ewok movies.  You should take more care not to libel their names by tying their pictures to articles entitled "pervert something something exposed..."
I'd totally let him do me in the Ewok costume.  Seriously, that's kinda hot
Hey Rob! Stumbled to the site and started poking around as I kind of liked what you were doing here. The headline to this particular story caught my eyes so I browsed through the article. What I wanted to comment on, and tip my cap to you all about was the commentary on the article and your removal of a bit of apparently misguided humor. That, and the civility of the regular readers, EVEN WHEN THEY DISAGREED WITH ONE ANOTHER, has won me over and I'll be adding ToplessRobot to my bookmarks as a regular site to read.
This is starting to get crazy.  FWIW, everything is correlated. It just happens that not all correlations are statistically significant. And even those that are don't indicate causation; the correlation between my age and the distance between galaxies is almost perfect. Though dwarves do have normal-sized torsos.
Anybody else here bothered by the fact that when you show a picture of Wicket the Ewok and mention that the subject of the article is a little person actor who played an Ewok and was in Harry Potter, any scifi/fantasy fan is going to assume that it's Warwick Davis you're talking about? That's his picture at the top of this article. Seems a bit libelous, if you ask me.
Looks like they are gonna have some fun!  www.complete-privacy.no.tc
so this fella was whacking it for over 40mins??? geez it would have been worn down to a nub by the end of the train trip!
 THANK YOU!  I thought I was going crazy for a bit there.  The sad thing is that because of this man's situation, being a 40 year old dwarf... people are more apt to believe that he's going to be guilty of doing something horrible and disgusting.  I'm quite sure that his embarrassment and quiet demeanour just didn't pack the same punch  in contrast to the girl's emotional outbursts.  The main problem with pure testimony as evidence is the fact that our own personal reality is shaped by our perception of it.  That's why you can have two people in a car crash who will both claim the other is at fault... and you almost always have to go with an unbiased external witness to confirm what actually happened.
Your point? I have seen two forums pull threads about Weiner due to reader complaints.
there's rumors he may have chatted with minors.  hm, weener FFF anyone?
She's over the age of sexual consent, but still a Minor until an Adult at 18.
Hopefully side-stepping any controversy, can someone explain how a girl over the age of consent can be considered under-age? Is it because she's not legally an adult till 18?   (I'm not saying it's ok for a man to flash a woman who's over 18, I'm just trying to understand the age thing.)
Rook, I completely agree with you and was thinking the same things before I ever got to your comment. So much, in fact, that I went out and found several other articles that went into greater detail and had quotes from the girl. I agree with your suggestion that she was freaked out by the fact that he was a dwarf and because of that was probably looking for something to be wrong.  A perfect example of a similar situation: I grew up in the theater and there was a particularly large man (to the tune of about 700 pounds large) that was involved. He was very nice once you got to know him, but to the young girls just joining the group, he was terrifying. I formed a very close friendship with him and while he may have occasionally made crude jokes, he never once attempted to do anything to me. There was another man in the same group that was around the same age but he was fairly attractive, tall, slim...leading man material. He made propositions and attempted things with me several times.  Now picture these two men. One tall, attractive, and attempting sex with teenagers. The other short, round, and probably physically incapable. Both make the same kinds of jokes around underage girls. With the attractive one they would laugh and enjoy the attention. With the short round one they accused him of attempting to sexually assault them. While he never was accused to the police, the theater group decided to try him themselves and he was barred from participating in any other productions. The theater group he helped to start.  I will tell you now, that man never once attempted to do anything to any of those girls, just like this dwarf didn't do anything. That girl looked at him, saw different and offensive in her mind and was looking for something to be wrong from him. You can't tell me that girls that age aren't cruel and really care what happens to another person beyond themselves or their "besties". I was a teenager once and I wasn't much different although I had the sense to look at a person for who they are, not what they look like. She may very well have seen movement and believed that was what he was doing, but it was in the girl's head and now a man that is probably innocent is being punished for the rest of his life because he had the misfortune to sit beside someone with an overactive imagination.  And before you all jump all over me for being misogynistic, I am a woman. I have been sexually assaulted and know what it is like, and I also know that because of others that falsely accuse, it makes it much more difficult to prosecute those that are actually guilty. 
Lol, I had hoped no one local would see this and mention that!
 Also, it now means that we have two midgets in Cheadlewho have been arrested for exposing themselves :/
Funny thing, his hometown of Cheadle in Staffordshire is my home town too. I waspretty damned shocked to find out that all my life I've had a Goblin/Ewok no more than 1/2 a mile away.
Even as a male, I don't think you'd have dug on a small guy on a train pointing out his small guy to you.  
It still doesn't make it okay.  I'm far beyond the age of consent and if some guy did this to me on the train I'd go up and punch him in the face.  
Ugh, Rob, really? Are we gonna be all PC when it's cool now? Okay, sure, this is scandalous. Let's never have fun again. If the victim was a boy, you'd all be making dwarf dick jokes. What a bunch of nancies.
If Rob's Galactus, can I be Silver Surfer? XD
Well said. If I posted a comment here that needed to be altered for whatever reason, I'd hit "Edit" and change it--not consider whether or not the other readers want to see my mistakes.
I can't believe we're beating this dead fucking horse on TR of all places--but the difference between this story and the Weiner dealie is no one was hurt in his case except the harm Weiner caused himself. It was an act of profoundly bad judgement and duplicitousness--but it was not a crime.
 It's nothing about misogyny... it's about fear of a world where someone can take you to court based on only their word, and utterly destroy your life.  Let's look at the damage here... if it's true, he got what he deserved and rightfully so.  If she was just imagining it though, or mistaken... and he was just a dude with a hat sitting on a bus... he now no longer has a means of supporting himself or his family, will never work in film again, and will most likely have to tell people about his "crime" wherever he lives thanks to court order.  Do you have any idea just how scary that is?  That a person can be tossed in jail simply based on testimony?  Michael Jackson faced similar accusation in the US... yet there wasn't enough evidence to prove anything.  Not "there was no evidence" but "not ENOUGH".  Ironic that someone with a secret room and sleep overs got a fairer trial than a dwarf on a public bus.  All I'm saying is that there's no way the guy got away with 40 minutes of "play time" under his hat without leaving behind some evidence.  You wanna lock someone away, at least get out the blacklite and check to see if there's any supporting evidence.  ESPECIALLY when dealing with a sex crime.
Typical. The one time my home county gets mentioned on TR and it's to do with flashing Ewoks. Staffordshire is generally not that bad a place, honestly.
Not seeing the "assault" here.  Harassment yes, indecent exposure yes.   But she wasn't touched, nor made to do anything.  She's a victim of... someone doing something creepy in front of her, apparently.  :/
a fan fict friday made too real . not to mention now the girl mr Read is convicted of exposing himself to will not be able to watch any of the films he is in without remembering the incident not to mention making ewoks a litlte more creepy
Thank you, Rob.  You somehow always have news that pains my nerd soul.
.....because you're shitting your pants in fear over the fact that he's now going to completely destroy our plant? Your simile makes no sense.
"All we have is the girl's word." Yes, because all girls lie under oath. Can't trust a single word, not even when the accused has previously committed indecent assault.  Good god, I'm rarely this angry On The Internet, but you are being a misogynistic arse.
Getting a reply from you is like getting Galactus's attention, I don't even care about the comment anymore!
Well, I wrote it, and I judged it inappropriate. I wasn't trying to tell you what you can't read, I just posted something I realized didn't belong on TR.
I'm bummed that I couldn't read the comment and judge for myself, I'm a big boy and I don't like when other people tell me what is appropriate or not.
All comedians cross lines.  Comedians who are good people realize it and rectify.  I, for one, think you handled it very well.
Goddamit England! I'd expect this kind of thing from Japan, not the land of Bangers and Mash!
Wow, their goes any nostalgic memories I might've had of the Ewoks, if I had any. What a sick bastard, glad he'll have to face up to this awful crime.
B) that should read "certainly COULDN'T" when it comes to whacking the pud under a fedora.  ;p  
Just for a moment try and put yourself in this guy's shoes under the  assumption he's innocent BEFORE being proven guilty.. (Yes, an American  hangup, but still the way most civilized society conducts itself) does  this seem like such a fair trial in that case?  No physical evidence...  no witnesses save the victim... ?  Keep in mind this is a man's life  that's been ruined... he'll never get work as an actor again.  He'll be  registered as a sex offender, which means the rest of your life is spent apologising to every single person you meet for being a pervert.  A) She didn't SEE the penis... she saw what she thought was the reflection of it in the window.  That's her own testimony.  She saw a dwarf who unbuttoned his pants when he sat down, put a hat on his lap rather than wear it, and bob his head to his iPod for 40 minutes.  It reminds me of the old lady in Harold & Kumar EFGB... seeing something wicked where there's no such intent.  I never said she wasn't sitting next to him, only that her TESTIMONY is that she saw everything reflected in the window.  She also claims he unbuttoned his pants... not unzipped his fly.  Only Rob Leifeld wears button fly these days.  As I said, if there was EVIDENCE... I might be swayed... but there's a severe LACK of evidence.  B)  Learn your dwarfism.  Dwarves have normal torsos and stunted limbs.  Down there they're no different from you or me... and I certainly could jerk it under a tophat without somebody noticing.  Even squeezing something under a top hat would be a dead giveaway as the muscles in your wrist would tense and MOVE THE HAT.  And we're not talking about a little movement either... more like a hat flopping around like a bloody fish.  C) Yes, and most herterosexual males exude similar perverted behavior towards women... it's pretty much the definition of "heterosexual".   That doesn't mean it's the case here.  There's a horrible double standard when it comes to these sorts of cases,  a gal could claim she saw you pull a 3 headed chupacabra from your shorts and people will believe it if she cries enough when saying it.  My assertion is that there is no evidence.  Check the hat for bodily fluids!  Try and reproduce the scene so you can tell if it's even POSSIBLE to see something under the hat from her point of view!    D) The term "flaked out" is a British slang for passing out, not whacking off. The guy got drunk at a party with friends, passed out on the couch, and crawled into bed looking to score.  He didn't "grope" the woman in her sleep, he put her hand on his junk.  In the same bed with her boyfriend.  A ballsy move, but not unheard of for such a thing to pay off.  She had every right to be pissed, and to take him to court over it... but it hardly indicates any pattern of behavior save for horniness!
Man, they said Harry Potter and Star Wars and I thought, oh no Willow...what have you done?  So glad to hear it wasn't Warwick.
I'm gonna add one more comment and then not look at this thread again, because, unlike the victim in this case, I can somewhat control what is exposed to me here. This isn't just an "offended chick is offended" issue. I know men who have been harassed and assaulted in similar ways in public places when they were young. (Not that being an older victim makes the crime less severe.) I know we're all bitter nerds who like to laugh and make jokes, that's cool, I contribute to that myself, but some of you could do with an ounce or two of empathy.
TROLL! In the dungeon! Thought you ought to know . . .
The trollin' was kinda given away by your not-so-subtle name.  Try better next time, although you get an A for effort.
To show I'm not completely without humor, here is a Harry Potter reference: "TROLL! In the dungeon! Just though you ought to know . . ."
A thousand times, THIS.
I should also add that a respectful response like this is worth over 9,000 free t-shirts, Rob.
Die in a fire.
And this is why goblins are not allowed to handfe wands in the Harry Potter universe.  There, I said it.
It really wasn't offensive as much as it was irreverent.  The problem I have is that several people here stated they are willing to laugh at much more offensive FFF's because those are 'fiction'. Rob's commentary was witty but unfortunately he had to bow to some sentiments. People should be offended by the lewd act perpetrated by the molester in the story not in making innuendo and puns about it. What next? Can we joke about Weiner's weiner or will some here be offended?
Agreed. I lost my mind before even reading the article.
I tip my hat to you, as well. If I was wearing a hat, which I don't. Unless it's a fedora.
The local press probably shouldn't have published the Ewok information as it does give an amusing slant to a distressing situation for the girl!
Snikt.
Sounds like you have all of the facts, then.  The Leicester Crown Court should just contact you for your opinion on all sexual assault cases.
Lemme address your points... - A)There's a difference between seeing nudity in  porn and in movies and seeing nudity in real life. In media you get to control when, where, and (to some degree) who you see naked.  It's also completely none threatening.  That pornstar on the monitor isn't going to jump through the screen and rape you.  But seeing nudity out of a proper context is very shcoking in part due to the fact that 1. You probably don't find that person attractive, 2. The exposure is unwarranted and non-consenual, 3. That person is totally unpredictable and could assualt you at any minute, and 4. JUST BECAUSE YOU"VE SEEN A PENIS BEFORE BY NO MEANS YOU ARE TOTALLY OKAY WITH SEEING EVERY PENIS.  How'd you feel if I walked up to you buck-ass nekkid with full-on rager? Even though you've probably seen a penis before, I'm guessing you'd still feel a tad bit uncomfortable. - A pt.2) Some people, when scared, run, others fight.  But alot of people just freeze.  Many people are too timid to speak up, or just frozen in terror. Maybe she was afraid he'd assault her if she tried? There are well documented cases of women who have been assaulted but were too frozen in fear to speak up.  Hell, that pretty much explains why we have stuff like this: (http://www.cracked.com/article_19051_6-new-anti-pervert-technologies-we-really-shouldnt-need.html) - B)That point is irrelevant.  Height is in no way correlated to penis size.  Considering the entire point of a dwarf is that their proportionately smaller than most people, I'd assume that they're smaller DOWN THERE as well. Besides, some top hats can be pretty tall. - C)The incidents were not "unrelated," they show a clear trend of peverted behavior directed exclusively towards women.  More specifically, they both include acts of indecent exposure, non-consent, and the presence of Nicholas Read. Now, had the the  other act been, say, vandalism by spraypainting. Then yeah, the two cases would be unrelated. But they were related, it's pretty undeniable.   - C pt.2) So, if only ONE person is witness to a crime, or is victimized while no one else is around, then it didn't happen? Well shit, better start throwing out all those previous rape and molestation cases. Because clearly, whenver women are assualted they're just lying to get attention, or seeing things, AMIRITE!?! - D) Groping a sleeping woman (who can't consent) is NORMAL party activity to you? The fuck kinda parties do you go to? - I guess there are just some additional things I'd like to add... I don't unbutton my pants when I sit down, I loosen my belt MAYBE, but open up the fly of my pants? Never.   Read's piss poor excuse is flimsy at best. I'm freaked out by people with physical deformities all the time, but I don't claim that they sexually assaulted me. The article clearly states whe was sitting next to Read, not across and looking at his reflection at in a window. - I think that's it, all I've got to say at the moment.
And this, Rob, is why TR is such a damned fine blog. Good bloggers pay attention to their readers, admit it when they make mistakes, and admit it with class. I tip my hat to you, sir.
Although, not trying to make light of the situation, if it's true then that girl doesn't deserve to endure that. =(
I might have wanna judged the commentary myself . You know, not to laugh or anything. Just to see if it was truly offensive.}:[
 I'm sorry, but where is the evidence?  All we have is the girl's word, and the jury convicts?!?  And if you read this bit,  She said: "He undid the button of his trousers and placed his hat  on his crotch. I saw a movement and  was a bit shocked. I didn't know  whether to believe it. I looked in the reflection of the window and saw  his hand moving under the hat." She said she saw his genitals and felt scared.  So, we have a man... a dwarf no less... unbuttoning his pants when he sat down, a common enough practice when guys sit for an extended period... and she saw things in the reflection of the window?  I call BS on this.  Ever try to see anything distinct reflected in a bus window?    Look, I'm all for putting jerks who pull this kind of stuff in jail... but to me this sounds more than a little implausible.  In fact it sounds more to me like someone freaked out by sitting next to a little person.  A) It's on a bus.  Are we to believe this girl sat there for 40 minutes locked in the grip of horror... at 17... as if she had never seen a penis before?  AT 17 IN THE UK?!?!  A full year over the age of consent?!?  The normal reaction is to move seats, or talk to the bus driver, or even scream like a crazy person... not sit there watching for 40 minutes.  To me, that constitutes not only consent to the activity, but active interest.  B) Dwarves aren't packing peanuts.  Normal sized genitalia.  It's not something a top hat is likely to conceal without being rather obvious, especially if manipulated.  C) There are no other witnesses... not a single other person on that bus saw anything.  The jury was convinced by both the testimony, and completely unrelated incidents before that.    D) That 2004 incident sounds more like a normal party to me... one that he went a bit too far with.  It's not public indecency or proof that he's targetting women in public places... he tried for a threesome and failed spectacularly. 
I can buy that. I didn't see the commentary, so I don't know how bad it was, but I think what you ended up with is fine.
I understand that, I only read the article after your commentary was removed.  So at first I thought people were taking issue with the title. But I totally agree with your decision to remove the comments. - If you want to make it up to the nerd-girls, why not toss them a bone and include a "11 Hottest Nerd Costumes for Guys." Bet they'd be super-apperciative.
I love the commentors at TR, with very few exceptions.  I think we're all good people here, and I don't think that anyone would be intentionally mean-spirited toward a victim of sexual assault.  But trivializing real-life cases contributes to the greater social problems that victims (male and female) face.  So while I always love to find the humor in everything, sometimes it just isn't there to be found.
Which is why it was fine for me to post, even with a wacky title, but not cool for me to add commentary. Kind of a fine line, admittedly, but that's what seems right to me.
is it bad that I laughed at the title? That made my day. =P
I dunno, while the real-life experiences of the people involved were indeed traumatic, it IS a story about an ewok flashing someone, which I do find a tad absurd. I think it's okay to find humor in that, maybe not laugh-out-loud funny, but a little chuckle or two.  I don't think people are trying to be particularly mean-spirited to the girl.
Actually, once I thought about it, I kind of offended myself. I pride myself on keeping Topless Robot nerd girl-friendly as possible, and cracking wise about an actual, real life sexual assault was clearly in opposition to that. I really feel bad about it now.
Thanks for speaking up, Liz.  I was all set to say something before I saw that you had already expressed what I was thinking.
One of the Fs in FFF stands for Fiction.  This is a real-life person who went through a terrible, victimizing experience.  Let's limit our jokes about sexual assault to fictional characters, shall we?
After all of the FFF's we've sat through, someone chose your commentary on this story to get offended about?    
While this was obviously an upsetting experience, your headline is inaccurate and somewhat sensationalist; as the age of consent in England is 16, the girl in question was not underage.
THANK YOU. Thank you so much!
Actually, you're right, Lizzie. As humorous as one aspect of the article is, obviously the other aspect is horrible, and putting in joke commentary was in very bad taste. I've taken out my comments, and my apologies to anyone who was offended. Seriously.
" I don't think even FFF can get me down now... or can it?" Rob...don't do it Rob...whatever you are planning to unleash on us this afternoon...please...just start drinking now and leave the rest of your sanity in place.
This isn't FFF . . . this is something that happened to a real person, a girl who was victimized and scared. I feel a bit sickened that a) the original article says "nothing remotely sexual happened" when this bastard was so obviously sexually bullying and intimidating the girl and b) that this is being using for a cheap joke right now on a website that I love very much. I don't think sexual abuse is funny.
OK! One more Article until the contest! wait... this wasn't the FFF?
No image could be better, or worse.
Well that explains why the Ewoks had an old English style dress around for Leia.
No rub yub nub, bub.
This is quite easily the best combination of headline and image that I have ever seen on Topless Robot. Wow.
Is it just me, or does that dude have an unusually large Hector Hammond-esque head?   Not THAT head!   This is gonna be a day... Thanks, Rob.
Next weeks FFF: Princess Leia in 'Night with the Ewoks'
I remember thinking that "Mythbusters' Adam Savage Dances in a Cage Between Two Tesla Coils Playing the Doctor Who Theme" was the best headline I had ever seen. It faces stiff (lolpun) competition now...  TOPLESS ROBOT HEADLINE-OFF BATTLE 3000 TIME!
Non-Fan Non-Fiction Friday? 
http://www.funnyjunk.com/funny_gifs/1996970/Ewok/ This seems to fit here
TotalComments: 83
