Share this
Ewok Religion
For the forest dwellers, the surrounding giant trees played an important cultural role. These hunter-gatherers were a deeply spiritual people. They believed themselves to be descendants of the Great Tree, a sacred tree in the forests. The Ewok religion was based on nature worship. Many religious ceremonies were arranged to please various gods of weather, trees, the hunt, engineering prowess, and fertility. There were also darker spirits that symbolized the dangers of the forest. The Ewoks held magnificent festivals of rain sun, spring flowers, and fruits. There were also "Dark Rituals" involving bloody sacrifices. The rituals were held at night under the light of burning bonfires. The shamans tossed the leaves of herbs into the fire that caused the Ewoks to have vivid dreams.
Deities
The Ewoks worshiped a massive pantheon of gods that included the following spirits:
Great Spirit of the Forest
The Great Spirit of the Forest was, according to Ewok legend, the spirit that controlled all life on the forest moon of Endor.
Light Spirit
The Light Spirit was the spirit of light who was worshiped by the Ewoks.
Night Spirit
The Stranger, a Dark Wizard of the Night Spirit
The Night Spirit was an evil deity in the beliefs of various groups on the Forest Moon of Endor. It was worshiped by the Duloks but feared by the Ewoks.
According to Ewok belief, the Night Spirit came to Endor in a meteorite. The Ewoks of Bright Tree Village believed that the Spirit desired the Sunstar so that it could raise the spirits of evil beings on Endor. The Night Spirit sometimes appeared to believers in a ghostlike form. The deity feared the Ewoks' Tree of Light, which kept it at bay during daylight hours.
Ewoks believed the native dragon-like mantigrues served this evil deity.
Appearances
"The Cries of the Trees" (Mentioned only)
"The Tree of Light"
"Night of the Stranger"
Batcheela (spirit)
Batcheela was, according to Ewok legend, a wind spirit who kept herself warm by moving into Ewok huts and sleeping beside the occupants. The Ewok Batcheela of Bright Tree Village was possibly named for this deity.
Brother Sky
"Your family calls, O Brother Sky,
For battle must be done.
Fair winds to be our guiding eye,
To keep our family one." ― Logray (An Ewok)
Brother Sky was the name given by the Ewoks to the powerful being that controlled the sky.
Deej
Deej was an Ewok wind spirit that gave her life to teach the Ewoks the secret of music.
Ceel
Ceel was an Ewok wind spirit and sister of Deej. She sang along with musicians who she found interesting.
Chituhr (spirit)
Chituhr was an Ewok nature spirit that lead scouts and hunters to food and water.
Denlett
Denlett was an Ewok night spirit that often tricked Ewoks into walking off platforms in the dark.
Erpham
Erpham was an Ewok nature spirit that came every century to battle the Gorax.
Fashkaa
Fashkaa was an Ewok forest spirit that could move trees closer together to help Ewoks escape the Gorax.
Flitchee
Flitchee was an Ewok fire spirit that caused mischief by kicking embers out of burning fires.
Galeer
Galeer was an Ewok wind spirit that kept the air fresh for the Ewoks.
Golden One
The Golden One was one of the many Ewok gods; it had long been prophesied that he would one day appear to the Ewoks in person and destroy a great threat to Endor.
When C-3PO and his companions with the Alliance to Restore the Republic arrived on Endor in 4 ABY, the Ewoks mistook the gold-plated protocol droid for the Golden One. As a result, they almost roasted Han Solo at the banquet in Threepio's honor until Luke Skywalker used telekinesis to lift the droid into the air (supposedly as a divine power of the Golden One) to scare their captors.
This event however, also fulfilled the prophecy of the Golden One, as the Rebels, C-3PO with them, removed the Imperial threat on Endor, and destroyed the Death Star orbiting it. For the Ewoks, this was proof the prophecy was true.
Grael (spirit)
Grael was a notable deity in Ewok legends, which told of a wind spirit that carried the scent of smoke to Ewoks, warning them of forest fires on the Endor moon.
Grael was a common name for Ewok males, having been taken from Ewok mythology as many of that species' names were.
Heesh
Heesh was a night spirit in Ewok belief known for trying to make its victims fall asleep.
Hexprax
Hexprax was an Ewok spirit who controlled the rising and setting of the sun and was the strongest of all spirits.
Ilbath
Ilbath was an Ewok rain spirit who sought to destroy all Ewok huts using heavy rains.
Jahjee
Jahjee was an Ewok night spirit who created realistic illusions to entertain Ewoks while they slept.
Kazak (spirit)
Kazak was an Ewok nature spirit that gave magical weapons to those who could solve his complicated games.
Leeni (spirit)
Leeni was an Ewok wind spirit who made Ewoks laugh so hard they could not breathe. It was believed that Leeni was not evil, but loved the sound of Ewok laughter.
Mopiee
Mopiee was an Ewok nature spirit who made crops grow.
Oosa
Oosa was an Ewok wind spirit who brought cool breezes to hot summer days.
Oshlin
Oshlin was an Ewok flower spirit who chased her love through the forest from dawn to dark.
Rabin (spirit)
Rabin was an Ewok nature spirit who could take on the form of other animals.
Rillish
Rillish was an Ewok animal spirit who would sneak into Ewok villages to surprise Ewoks for her enjoyment. Rillish was also a common female Ewok name.
Shamans
Logray, an Ewok shaman.
Every village appointed its own male or female mystic or shaman. The shaman was sometimes simply the village con-artist, who made up answers about what the gods wanted and how they could be pleased. Others had genuine abilities, sometimes showing abilities similar to Force-sensitives. For the shaman's services, the village gave the shaman anything he or she may have wanted, including crystals, shells, polished skulls and other treasures the shaman found interesting. Many shamans wore large animal skulls on their heads.
Shamans were also the tribal healers, usually relying on vile-smelling herbal medicines. Many types of fungus, lichens, roots, berries, flowers, epiphytes, and bark were used, with varying medicinal effects.
Soul trees
The massive coniferous trees that filled the forest moon were called "Soul Trees" or "Life Trees" by the Ewoks. The Ewoks had a deep religious connection with these trees. For every baby Ewok born, a new seedling was planted by the village. Throughout that Ewoks life, he or she was linked to their totem tree. When the Ewok died, it was believed their spirit would go to live inside their own totem tree.
In times of crisis, the village shamans would attempt to contact the ancient spirits that lived within the oldest trees for advice and guidance. The shamans insisted that it was a private ritual. The Ewoks never questioned the sacred advice brought back by the shamans, though they had never heard these ancient voices before.
http://static.wetpaint.com/img/bg/1.png?v=20111214172750
