1.10 Legal Disclaimer
Ewoks
Ewoks come from the deep jungles of Endor, a planet far away. They are a tribal race that frequently wars with outsiders. They are small but fierce and can make good allies in combat. Once their trust is earned, they are friends for life.
Personality
Ewoks are very untrusting, and will not hesitate to attack foreigners. If it is possible, their trust can be earned, and they will fight by you to the death until that trust is broken. The Ewoks are tribal, and constantly war.
Physical Description
Ewoks look almost like koalas from the planet earth, they are small, covered in brownish fur, and can move on both two or four feet. The difference is that Ewoks are slightly larger, and, for the most part, clothed. They normally wear tattered clothing made form animal hide and carry bolas, spears, and crude shortbows.
Relations
Ewoks are a warlike tribe, and are hard to get close too, but once their trust is earned, they are close and reliable friends.
Alignment
Ewoks are always chaotic, and always neutral or good.
Home Lands
Ewoks live in the deep jungles of Endor. They tend to shy away form any kind of city, and build their homes in tribes in the trees.
Religion
Ewoks are very superstitious and very pagan. They sacrifice and pray to beings of nature.
Language
Ewoks speak their own language, spoken with growls and various inhuman sounds. It is an almost impossible language to learn.
Adventuring
Ewoks are difficult to get to adventure with, but they are loyal to the end. Their only weakness is their curiosity, and their possessiveness. Ewoks like to take things, and once they have them, its hard to get them back.
Racial Traits
+2 Dexterity , -2 Strength , +2 Intelligence , -2 Wisdom : Ewoks are small, and intelligent, but are not very strong and lack good judgement
Ewok base land speed is 20 feet.
Immunity to Fear: Ewoks are immune to all fear, natural and magical.
+2 on Hide and Move Silently .
+4 dodge bonus against creatures larger than medium (this overlaps their +1 for being small).
Ewok Battle Cry: 1/day an ewok can yell YIPCHA! and get a +2 to Strength for a number of rounds equal to 3 + their Constitution modifier.
Weapon Familiarity: Ewoks gain proficiency in the bola and shortbow
Automatic Languages : Ewok, must take common as a bonus language, because ewoks have little exposure to other languages, and therefor have no reason to learn them.
Back to Main Page → 3.5e Homebrew → Races
Legal Disclaimer
This is not affiliated with the owner(s) of any copyright material presented on this page. Copyrights and trademarks for any books, films, and other promotional materials are held by their respective owners and their use is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law .
