Home >> Newsroom >> Newsletter >> 2005 Archives >> Issue 39 >> Workers Caught Napping on Union-Only Big Dig Project
WORKERS CAUGHT NAPPING ON UNION-ONLY BIG DIG PROJECT (10/05/2005)
The Oct. 4 edition of the Boston Herald reported that a number of workers on the city of Boston’s Central Artery/Tunnel Project, known as the “Big Dig,” were caught sleeping on the job “in full view of supervisors and passing commuters.”
The Big Dig is a massive, federally funded project that is building freeway tunnels underneath the city and Boston Harbor. Despite receiving federal funding, the project is subject to a union-only project labor agreement (PLA) that requires that project contractors and subcontractors agree to recognize unions as the representatives of their employees on the job, use the union hiring hall to obtain workers, pay union wages and benefits, and obey the union's work rules, job classifications and arbitration procedures. The project is exempt from President George W. Bush’s Executive Order 13202 of Feb. 17, 2001, which bans the use of union-only PLAs on federally funded projects, because the project was under construction with an existing PLA before the order was implemented.
Last year, the Boston Globe reported that the project had developed more than 400 leaks in tunnel walls, as well as “thousands of ceiling fissures, water damage to steel supports and fireproofing systems, and overloaded drainage equipment.” ( Newsline , Vol. 4, No. 45, Nov. 17, 2004). The Big Dig project began in 1991 with an initial cost estimate of $2.6 billion, a figure that has since ballooned to $14.6 billion.
During a five-day surveillance of the Big Dig project, the Herald observed a backhoe operator dozing off for “several hours,” a crane operator reading books and magazines, and another backhoe operator circling the city’s Financial District with “no cargo and no destination.” The second backhoe operator later slept for an hour and a half.
Click here to view the Boston Herald’s Oct. 4 article “Dozing on the Dig: Idle Hands Raise Ire.”
Enterprise Fleet Management
