Geothermal power uses heat energy that can be harnessed to provide the electrical needs of our plan...
A 75% savings on energy bills is
right under your feet.
That said,MOTHERand Jeff Persons,       owner of Geo-Source One in Dublin, Ohio, would like to       introduce the most energy-efficient and cost-effective way       to heat, cool and produce domestic hot water: geothermal       energy. This type of power is literally and figuratively a       groundbreaking way to reduce your electricity bills by       actually using the temperature of the earth to heat and       cool your home. Basically, all you need to get started is       some polyethylene pipe, a compressor in the basement and a       hole in the ground, and you'll save up to 75% on monthly       electricity bills! - Sam Martin
EXCHANGING HEAT WITH THE PLANET
One of the most frequent comments we hear from our       customers who have switched from conventional heating       systems to geothermal is that the system's so quiet they       cannot tell if it's operating. Many customers tell me they       feel the need to check the thermostat and system in the       basement to be certain that everything is still working.       (Another thing they often say is, "we only wish we had       decided to switch to geothermal long ago.")
Since soil temperatures several feet below the surface       remain at a nearly constant 50°F year round, the earth       actually acts as a massive low temperature solar storage       unit - cooler than surface temperatures in the summer,       warmer than the surface in the winter. Geothermal energy,       also known as geoexchange, is literally the transfer and       storage of heat from the earth.
Similar to your kitchen refrigerator, a residential       geoexchange system uses water or a nontoxic refrigerant       that circulates through a ground loop where it absorbs       heat. A compressor then amplifies this heat to a higher       useful temperature before rejecting the heat through a       finned heat-exchange coil into the household duct system.       This system also allows the cooled refrigerant to flow into       an expansion valve so that a "reversing valve" can       automatically change the direction of refrigerant flow to       provide air conditioning. Many residential systems also       incorporate a small auxiliary heat exchanger called a       desuperheater to heat the domestic water supply, providing       60% of the normal household hotwater load. In the summer,       the hot water is a byproduct of air conditioning and in       winter, hot water is made at one-third the cost of       operating an electric hot water tank.
While a geoexchange system will not relieve you completely       of dependence on grid power, it will dramatically reduce       the amount of electricity you need from your local utility       without sacrificing comfort. Indeed, this type of system       can provide heat up to 100°F and air conditioning down       to 45°F. In summer months, if the compressor in your       basement has to work only to reject heat to the cool earth       rather than the much hotter outdoor temperatures, it can       provide two to three times as many cooling BTUs per watt of       power consumed. That equals a savings of 50% to 66% in       cooling cost and a dramatically reduced electrical load for       the utility.
