by dbking
Investors are making a beeline for property in Boston, in the state of Massachusetts but for those on a modest budget it may be a difficult proposition. But no needs to fear Boston Foreclosure Homes are available at steep bargains.
So if you are on the lookout for a property in Boston with a limited budget you could do well by investing in Boston Foreclosure homes
Why to seek property in Boston:
• Buyer assistance: The State Housing Department of Massachusetts offers many financial incentives to first time buyers of property including low interest loans, down payment assistance facilities and tax credit abatements.
• Premium educational facilities: Boston is called as the Athens of America. It is home to as well as neighboring many esteemed institutions of learning like Harvard University, Boston University, Tufts University, New England Conservatory of Music and several others.
• Center of Medicine: The Longwood Medical and Academic Area is a region of Boston with a high presence of medical and research facilities like Tufts Medical Center, Boston Medical Center, Dana Farber Cancer Institute etc.
• Economy and employment opportunities: Covering 3 billion, the Greater Boston Metropolitan area has the sixth largest economy in the country. Boston is the fourth largest cyber city with 191,700 high tech jobs. Boston is also a hub for bio- technology. Its colleges and universities dominate the economy with students contributing annually an estimated .8 billion. .Boston is also a top financial center and home to many banks. Another money spinner is the tourism industry.
• Culture and History: Boston has an active arts and theater scene. Also it is the home of punk genre of music as well as a centre of classical music. It has many historic monuments.
• Sports: Boston has teams in the four major professional sports leagues of North America. Its many colleges are active in College athletics. It is home to the Boston Marathon.
How do you land a good deal while purchasing Boston Foreclosure Homes?
• Get to know about local foreclosure laws. Get in touch with a Realtor or lawyer to learn about local laws as laws vary with each state.
• Learn about foreclosure listings: Check public records or subscribe to an online realtor’s foreclosure listings to be in touch with updated listings.
• Zero onto the most attractive deal by comparing various selected Boston Foreclosure Homes.
• Conducted a personal home inspection to check for repairs and ascertain any taxes or liens outstanding.
• Check the neighborhood for livability as well as to get a fair idea of prices in the locality.
• Bargain for a great deal: Negotiate a low down payment and an attractive closing cost.
With numerous benefits of Boston Foreclosure Homes and following proper guidelines you will definitely find your dream home in the city of Boston.
 
Related Boston Property Tax Articles
Question by No_name: Why is real estate in Atlanta so affordable?
I live near New York City and everything here in New Jersey and New York is ridiculously expensive.  A tiny house on the side of a busy road in a not so nice area costs half a million or more, with very high Property Taxes.
In Cities like Boston, Seattle, and San Fransisco, real estate is untouchable  to the common middle class American.
Why is Atlanta, a huge busy, beautiful city with a great job market, have such affordable housing?  People tell me that its becasue salaries are lower, but that’s not true.  I did research and I can make just as much in Atlanta as any other large city…Something that would cost $  750,000 here in NJ would cost $  250,000 in Atlanta.
Can anyone tell me why Atlanta is so affordable compared to a lot of other expensive cities?  Thanks!
Best answer:
Answer by shop2early
I don’t know, but I have heard the same thing about Atlanta.  So, it must be true.
Add your own answer in the comments!
[random:25]City to ask more from nonprofits
After two years of study and discussion, a mayoral task force has finalized a formula to calculate how much tax-exempt nonprofits should pay for police, fire, and other basic city services. Now comes the hard part: getting hospitals, universities, and museums to cough up millions more dollars each year starting in July 2011.
Read more on Boston Globe
[/random
admin | November 15, 2010 | Comments (9)
The phrase ‘Tea Party” has gotten a lot of press over the last few years. So much so in fact that it makes my online advertising for the Tea Store a little challenging; the word tea is used in so many other contexts now, that in and of itself it is not as relevant to a Tea store as a political party. That notwithstanding, this week I thought I would take a few minutes to give you a brief version of the original Tea Party, and how it came to help create this country.
In 1763, the British had just achieved victory in the French and Indian War, a war incidentally fought in the New World. That victory however had come with a price and King George III and the British Government needed a way to recoup some of the costs of that victory. Additionally, they also were looking for ways to ‘rein in’ the local colonial governments who had become more and more independent as the war went on.
To accomplish these dual goals, Britain enacted a series of actions. The Stamp Act, in 1765 created a tax on all printed materials in the colonies by requiring the use of stamped paper produced in London. Not a big hit with the colonists and it was repealed in 1766.
The Declaratory Act followed in 1767 with Parliament basically asserting that it could pass any law it saw fit with regards to the Colonies. This also did not sit well with the colonists such as Sam Adams and Patrick Henry.
Also in 1767, the Townshend Acts were passed, allowing the taxation of the colonies by Britain, among other laws. Resistance to this Act prompted the British Army to station troops in Boston in 1768 to enforce the Act. Ultimately this led to the Boston Massacre, where 5 colonists were killed in riots with soldiers who discharged their weapons. During their trial, the soldiers were represented by patriot and future president John Adams, who represented them to insure a fair trial. Ironically most of the Townshend Act was repealed shortly after the Boston Massacre.
One thing that remained in force from the Townshend Act was the duty on Tea. This was kept so that Britain could assert its ‘right to tax the Americans.” In 1773, this was reinforced by the Tea Act, which granted the British East India Company the right to sell Tea directly to the colonies at a reduced rate, ostensibly to reduce smuggling, but to also assert the right to taxation. Ironically the passage of the Tea Act would have lowered the tax on Tea, making it cheaper, but the underlying issue, taxation without representation, still rankled the colonists.
In late November, 1773, the Dartmouth, arrived in Boston Harbor with its load of Tea. A meeting was called and thousands of people showed up and passed a resolution urging the Captain to leave port without collecting the duty. They also assigned twenty five men to watch the ship and prevent the cargo from being unloaded. Thomas Hutchinson, the British Royal Governor of Massachusetts, and a British loyalist, refused to allow the ship to leave with payment of the duty.
On December 16, two more ships, the Eleanor and the Beaver anchored in Boston Harbor with their loads of Tea. This day was also the deadline for the Dartmouthto unload its cargo and pay the duty or get its cargo confiscated by British Customs. It is interesting to note here that the three ships involved were in fact American ships; only the Tea was British.
A crowd of thousands again gathered at the Old South Meeting House in Boston to protest the duty and determine a course of action. Upon getting word that Governor Hutchinson had again refused to let the ships leave, Sam Adams announced “This meeting can do nothing further to save the country.” At this point, people poured out of the meeting and headed to Boston Harbor. That evening a group of 60 or so men, some vaguely disguised as Indians boarded the ships and over the next 3 hours dumped all 342 chests of Tea into Boston Harbor. History indicates that is was not a raucous group of hoodlums who destroyed the Tea, but patriotic men who had been pushed to the limits of their patience; The crowd was not an unruly mob intent solely on destruction, but a group of reserved and restrained citizens of America witness to a sober and solemn event. “All things,” wrote John Adams to James Warren, “were conducted with great order, decency, and perfect submission to government.”
The aftermath of course was increased attempts at control by the British; more acts of independence from the colonists and ultimately the Revolutionary War. The name “Boston Tea Party” did not appear in print until 1834 according to historians, being referred to as ‘the destruction of the tea’ in most cases. Since that time, the Boston Tea Party has become a symbol of a citizen’s right to stand up to the government; a call for the voice of the people to be heard and heeded, or the citizens will create a government that will.
More Boston Tax Increases Articles
Question by Andrea: When are we going to have the next Boston tea party?
The Boston tea party started over 1/2% tax increase on tea.  We are mortgaging our children’s future and no one is doing anything about it.  What happened to the whole taxation without representation thing.  Who else feels they aren’t being represented. Is Obama giving ‘red’ states less than they’re fair share of the stimulus package.
http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/news/nation/stories/012809dnnattxstimulus.357514a.html
If Texas leaves the union then see where the rest of the country will be without us.
http://pumapac.org/2009/01/29/puma-pac-tea-party/
I guess this e-mail I got answered my question
Best answer:
Where do we sign up?
Know better? Leave your own answer in the comments!
[random:25][/random
admin | November 14, 2010 | Comments (0)
Despite the economic problems that have shifted the economic balance in the United States in recent years, the city of Boston has a thriving commercial development sector. Both downtown and the metropolitan areas have seen a great deal of gentrification in recent years, giving rise to entrepreneurs looking to house, grow, and develop business, take chances and create opportunities when unemployment rises. The city abounds with commercial property deals, many of which are relatively low priced, given the high cost of living in the New England area. A recent survey of Boston office vacancies yielded results of  a square foot for many larger size options, and  to  a square foot for smaller options and even executive suites. No matter what your situation is (new company, established mid size like a law firm, cpa, or broker) you should do your homework and work with a tenant rep before you sign a lease agreement on any Boston commercial property. We have spaces in most of the local areas like: Abington, Attl
eboro, Brockton, Braintree, Beaconhill, Cambridge, Burlington, charleston, coolidge corner, Cotuit, Danvers, Davis, downtown, Framingham, Harvard, Haverhill, hopedale, hyde park, lowell, lynn, lynnfield, melrose, medfield, milton, nantucket, Natick, Newburyport, northwest, norwood, pembroke, plymouth, reading, revere, roxbury, rockland, malden, Salisbury, saugus, sharon, shore, sodbury, Somerville, watertown,walpole, Waltham, wayland, westwood, weymouth, winchester, worchesterFYI the Boston tax rate is .68 per ,000 valuation for commercial activity. WE also work with office space rentals in Baltimore, New York, Providence, Hartford and New Haven.
Commercial Lease:
Are you a new company in the Boston area, and if you are you need to plan ahead and decide what type of lease you will sign and what terms you are open to. For new companies a good idea is to sign a shorter lease – like say 6-18 months (maybe even monthly), this will give you flexibility. If you find a great deal on a commercial property in Boston, or office park that offers free move in, free months rent, then you should consider that. If you have an established business that has a bright future you should try to secure a great long term deal, because the longer lease you get, typically the better deal you will get.
The largest city in the state of Massachusetts and the capital is Boston. The city is one of the oldest in the United States and is sometimes referred to as the capital of New England, as it has a deep cultural and economical impact on the area. The city has estimated population of around 620,535 and a greater metropolitan area of around 4.5 million residents. It has the tenth largest metropolitan area in the United States and a high density considering the geography. The city has been a major community since the Puritans first colonized it in 1630 and has been one of the centers of American Revolutionary History with events like the Boston Massacre, Boston Tea Party, and many other significant moments in the nation, occurring within city limits. It draws millions of tourists a year due in large part to the rich history.
Economy / Culture:
The economy of Boston relies on several factors, and many diverse industries. Despite the various vocations that people can explore, the area relies heavily on the colleges and universities for economic growth, with education yielding 4.8 billion dollars annually for the city. The city has a large amount of big name companies, and large corporations that employ thousands of residents. Some of the larger companies in the area include, Sovereign Bank, Houghton Mifflin, Gillette, Liberty Mutual, Boston Consulting Group and many others. It also has a great financial center and is ranked among the best cities to pursue a career in finance. The Boston area has recently had an unemployment rate at around 9.5% and is higher than the national average. All of this job data has a huge affect on the Boston commercial property market, but the future looks bright as the economy slowly recovers. The city has a continental climate with many influences stemming from maritime. The spring and summer months can be generally mild
and cool, while the winters can be extreme in cold, with snow and rain throughout the season. Located in the northeastern part of the United States, the city has its share of mild and extreme weather for residents to deal with.
Boston Housing Stats:
The real estate market in the greater Boston area has seen better days, but that doesn’t necessarily pose a bad thing for those looking to purchase a home. While home sales and values fluctuate wildly in modern times, the median house cost is roughly 1800.
The mayor of Boston is Thomas M. Menino and has been working on improving city services, education, neighborhood revitalization and much more in the greater area. The political picture of Boston has been in the mainstream since the founding of the Nation and waves towards liberal leanings, but has a strong conservative movement as well.
[random:25]Wish comes true for left-hander Cliff Lee and Philadelphia Phillies
Left-hander is back in Philadelphia, the city he never wanted to leave
Read more on ESPN
