Print this article
Mining Bee
Some solitary bees of the halictid, andrenid and anthophorid families are also classified as mining or digger bees. In shady areas of sparse groundcover and loose soil, each female bee will dig a tunnel 1/4 to 1/2 inch (.6 to 1.3cm) wide with a chamber at the end of it to shelter her young, which she supplies with pollen and nectar. Each female digs her own nest, with only one adult insect per nest, but many of these nests might be located near each other if conditions are inviting. The tiny sweat bee is one familiar type of mining bee; others are slightly larger.
Cicada Killers
Resembling a large yellow jacket, the ground-nesting cicada killer is actually a solitary wasp measuring about 2 inches (5cm) long. Although intimidatingly large in appearance, the cicada killer generally does not sting people even when provoked and even that rare sting produces little reaction. The insect reserves its sting for prey: the cicada, which it kills and brings back to its underground nest to feed its young.
Ground-Nesting Wasps
Two smaller wasps, which might be mistaken for ground-nesting bees, are the scoliid and tiphiid wasps. About 5/8 inch (1.6cm) long, these solitary, ground-nesting wasps are mostly black and hairy, but the scoliid wasp has yellow stripes on each side of its abdomen. These wasps do not harm humans and in fact help control the population of grubs, which are the larvae of the troublesome Japanese beetle.
Dangerous Fake Diggers
Do not mistake bumble bees and yellow jackets for their less aggressive cousins. They do sometimes build nests in already existing tunnels and burrows dug by small animals, but they do not dig their own holes and they are not solitary insects. Yellow jackets and bumble bees are social insects, meaning several bees belong to the same nest. Aggressive in nature, they will attack humans in defense of their hives -- sometimes in swarming groups -- and their stings do cause harm.
Controlling Ground Nesters
If deemed necessary, ground-nesting bees and wasps can be controlled by tilling up their nests, drenching the ground with water, thickening up the turf to make it less enticing to the insects or mulching areas where grass will not grow. If natural methods do not work, try sprinkling powder pesticides over the holes at night, when the insects are less active and confined to their nests. To exterminate nests of bumble bees and yellow jackets, however, consider hiring pest control experts.
Related Searches:
