Download the seattlepi.com mobile apps for iPhone and Android . Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Page 1 of 1
When entering a tunnel in Boston, look up and pray.
On Monday night, crushing chunks of concrete fell from the ceiling of a tunnel connecting Interstate 93 to the Ted Williams Tunnel, killing Milena Del Valle , 38, of Jamaica Plain.
Now, grandstanding politicians are finger-pointing and motorists are seeking alternative routes: anything but the tunnel.
This deadly encounter with a concrete slab could have happened to anyone traveling that particular path to Logan Airport . The randomness underscores the very serious problem Massachusetts political and business leaders now face.
How can they swiftly restore public confidence in this $14.6 billion public works project?
Accountability is important. Matthew Amorello , chairman and chief executive of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority , should step down, as Gov. Mitt Romney and Attorney General Thomas Reilly both demanded.
An independent probe into the Big Dig and events leading to Del Valle's death is necessary. The attorney general and U.S. attorney are also proceeding with their own investigations.
But the blame game shouldn't get in the way of what must be the bigger common goal -- reassuring the public that this expensive, allegedly state-of-the-art transportation network is safe for travel, from end to end.
We always knew the Big Dig cost too much. But its glamour and promise to dramatically improve Boston's traffic flow eventually quieted even some of the most cost-conscious critics. It is like a beautiful, but too-expensive dress. Once you slip it on and see your reflection in the mirror, you rationalize the price tag -- until the zipper breaks.
In the case of the Big Dig, zippers kept breaking, but the powerbrokers kept admiring themselves anyway. They preferred to celebrate the engineering concept, and ignore the construction and design reality.
Public safety ran secondary to political and financial self-interest. It soon became clear that Big Dig project overseers cut corners to save time and money.
But everyone -- from the governor down to individual legislators, from federal highway officials to state transportation inspectors -- knew of potentially serious issues affecting different parts of the Big Dig. The warnings came in public testimony, reports, and letters from various informed and concerned specialists.
They were mostly ignored or downplayed, even when backed up by physical evidence: gushing leaks and defective wall panels. Talk radio hosts joked about needing scuba gear to get through the leak-ridden portion of the northbound I-93 tunnel. It was all amusing and very Massachusetts -- until Monday night. That's when Big Dig jokes turned into tragedy for Angel and Milena Del Valle. They were on their way to Logan when concrete slabs fell from the ceiling. The barrage of crushing debris interrupted what should have been a routine trip and horrifically ended Milena Del Valle's life.
Who can the public believe and trust? Not Bechtel-Parsons Brinckerhoff , the international engineering consortium paid royally to oversee the project. Not Modern Continental, the construction company responsible for the work. Not Amorello, nor the group of miscellaneous project managers and engineers who surrounded him during Wednesday's news conference. They babbled about dropped ceilings and air flow, after Amorello announced that inspectors have discovered 60 more problem areas in the eastbound lanes of the connector.
The other tunnels use a different method of securing the ceiling tiles, anchoring the slabs to a metal rail. But how secure does that really make anyone feel, especially the average motorist who is not an engineer?
Wednesday around 9 a.m., southbound traffic inside the I-93 tunnel was light. Yet, on the road into Boston, the highway exit ramps preceding the tunnel entrance were backed up. People were ditching I-93.
Perhaps they were Logan-bound, and looking for another way into the good, old-fashioned, safe-and-sound Sumner-Callahan tunnel. But perhaps they just wanted to avoid the I-93 tunnel, or any tunnel associated with the Big Dig.
If so, who could fault them for such reluctance? The video and photographs of the Del Valles' flattened car are frightening.
The Big Dig episode looks like it will secure its place in history as a project that went dramatically awry; it will serve as a textbook example of project mismanagement for years to come. But $14.6 billion worth of infrastructure isn't going anywhere.
We own it, flaws, fears and all.
How long will the doubts linger and the eyes jerk up to the tunnel ceiling before fixing on the road ahead?
