Park designs surfacing quickly
(By Thomas C. Palmer Jr., 4/20/2003)
Just to show how quickly things are moving on the design of the new Surface Artery parks: Five designs by the professionals on the EDAW team for the four Wharf District blocks, the heart of the corridor, are already being presented to the public.
A dream grows in Boston
(By Liz Harris and William McDonough, 3/29/2003)
You can envision the Garden Under Glass project by closing your eyes and thinking: It is 2005. Imagine walking around the new downtown Boston with its park benches, shade trees, and fountains. Green grass. More trees. Flowers.
Creating a lively space that engages us all
(By Ted Landsmark, 3/3/2003)
What makes an urban civic space great? Why do diverse crowds come together on the Esplanade, Newbury Street, and the Public Garden, but not on the Commonwealth Avenue Mall or City Hall Plaza?
Artery innovations
(Boston Globe Editorial, 2/20/2003)
Eager public participation at this month's Public Library forums on the design of the Rose Kennedy Greenway shows how the project is capturing Boston's imagination.
Plans for botanical complex jeopardized
(By Thomas C. Palmer Jr., Globe Staff, 2/14/2003)
The troubled Massachusetts Horticultural Society has hit another pothole in its effort to build a botanical complex on a key section of the new Surface Artery corridor.
Rescuing a garden
(Boston Globe Editorial, 2/14/2003)
Cracks are appearing in plans for the ambitious Garden Under Glass, which has been counted on for more than a decade to anchor the Rose Kennedy Greenway. They must be repaired quickly.
Keeping parkland promises
(By Renata Von Tscharner, 2/10/2003)
With completion of the Big Dig now in sight we must look back at promises made to ensure the final phases of construction recognize the needs of walkers and bicyclists as well as cars and trucks.
Surface Artery designs debated
(By Thomas C. Palmer Jr., Globe Staff, 2/5/2003)
Five urban design specialists called for bolder ideas last night from the design teams picked to create the parks that Boston area residents have awaited during 11 years of Big Dig construction.
Two groups touting ambitious plans for new space
(By Thomas C. Palmer Jr., Globe Staff, 2/4/2003)
One group seeks to give historic Boston something it has never had -- a museum of history. The other envisions a center focusing on the cultures and peoples of the region. Both have their eyes on the open space being created by removal of the elevated Central Artery.
Design ideas for artery have a long way to go
(By Robert Campbell, Globe Correspondent, 2/4/2003)
It's finally time to get serious about what's going to happen on the land beneath the Central Artery.
Together toward success
(By Robert A. Brown and J.P. Shadley, 2/3/2003)
In the course of a city's development limited opportunities arise to dramatically transform the urban fabric. The design of the Rose Kennedy Greenway to replace the Central Artery is just such an opportunity.
Grand designs
(Boston Globe Editorial, 2/1/2003)
As final planning for the Rose Kennedy Greenway begins, the Turnpike Authority has given designers of the eight park parcels a total budget target of $31 million. It is not enough.
A troubling downturn
(By Brian McGrory, Globe Columnist, 1/17/2003)
I'm driving along the Central Artery yesterday, past the spot where the state cop ties up traffic from Boston to Brunswick every morning, when the oddest thought pops into mind: I'm going to miss this road.
Last Surface Artery design team picked
(By Thomas C. Palmer Jr., Globe Staff, 1/16/2003)
More than a decade after planning began to restore the Surface Artery corridor and return it to the use of Boston residents and visitors, the designer selection process is complete.
