The Big Dig
by Prof. Jim Lengel, Boston University College of Communication ( http://www.bu.edu/jlengel and http://www.lengel.net )
In Boston these days, the world's largest public works project is burying six lanes of Interstate 93 right through the heart of downtown. Bostonians call it the Big Dig. They've uncovered lots of historical artifacts in this work, including parts of a school from the 17th century. This finding forms the basis of this week's article.
Imagine a moment in the future, a very long time from now. Our culture is buried deep beneath the ruins of time. An archaeologist many eons advanced uncovers a perfectly preserved home of the early 21st century. The first room he dusts off is an adolescent's bedroom. What does he find?
There's a computer. Next to it, an Ethernet connector that leads to the Internet -- at 500 kilobytes per second. On top of it a mobile phone, with worldwide coverage, nights and weekends free. There is a radio, AM and FM, with CD player. Next to that an MP3 player with 500 songs (but not much Mozart). On the desk is a connector for the digital camcorder. Just around the corner is a television, cable-ready with 120 channels.
Is this a typical find? Will he find more rooms like this in the neighborhood? What conclusions will he draw from his collection of artifacts?
Now imagine the same archaeologist digs down the road a few miles, and uncovers a school. Its cornerstone indicates it was built in 2002. He unearths a classroom, perhaps one that housed the occupant of the bedroom. What communication technologies does he find there? A chalkboard. A whiteboard. A lectern. Chairs. Perhaps that's an Ethernet drop, but nothing's connected to it. What conclusions will the archeologist draw from this collection of artifacts? What will he conclude when he compares them with the list from the bedroom?
Glance into a school classroom in 2002. What information technologies are in evidence? How are the classroom, and the people in it, connected with the world of facts and people and ideas outside? In many classrooms, students are asked to check their laptops and Palm Pilots at the door.
Today's Classrooms
No matter what the age, our classrooms are not unfriendly places. For the most part they are orderly and clean, which is more than you can say for the student's bedroom. But for the most part, they are not connected. Students cannot in most of the classrooms at Boston University turn to the Internet and find out the size of the middle class in Iraq or read Act II of Hamlet or call up a map of central Asia. Nor can the teacher. But each of those students, at home, could do that in an instant.
Think back to the classroom of 20 years ago, just before our millennium generation was born. How does it compare with today's classroom? What went on in there back then? How different is it from what goes on in the classroom today? How much have our classrooms changed as a result of the information revolution? Would a teacher from 1982, if transported into one of our classrooms today, be able to get the second-graders through the morning curriculum and down to the lunchroom?
Look at Winslow Homer's painting The Country School of 1871. Would the teacher pictured there know what to do in the classroom of 2002? How long would she survive with today's second grade? And Homer's kids -- what would they think of that 21st-century bedroom? Would they know what to do?
In the world outside of school, there's been a revolution in how we collect, store, work with, and access information. Information of all kinds, from bare facts to fully embellished works of art, from personal calendars to institutional stock trades, from scholarly research to The Simpsons -- it's all done online now.
The millennium generation, growing up in the midst of this revolution, are among its most ardent participants, using the new media extensively for interpersonal communication. Not only do they communicate, they also research, download, store, listen and watch with these technologies, often all at the same time. Their access to information, their extensive level of communication with each other, and their ability to multitask, set them apart from previous generations. And from their teachers.
The Digital Divide
What happens when this generation goes to school? Is the information technology revolution reflected in their classrooms? A research study published recently by the Pew Foundation suggests that these students experience a digital disconnect when they enter the classroom door. So it should come to us as no surprise that in another survey this year from the National Center For Educational Statistics that these same students find school less useful and less relevant that the students who came before them. Fewer of them find schoolwork as meaningful, courses as interesting, or as relevant to their future as students of five or ten years ago.
The Teacher's Role
What's a teacher to do in this situation? The digital divide can certainly make our work more difficult. But we can also take advantage of what's happening in the world outside of school to enhance our teaching. We can:
Get ourselves on the front side of the divide.
Learn to use the new communication technologies as our students and businesses do. Invest in a cell phone, a Palm Pilot, a laptop, and high-speed Internet access at home. Prepare lessons online. Get an instant messenger account and use it with your friends and students. Learn to use the digital resources and tools in your subject area.
Capitalize on our kids' competencies.
Design lessons that challenge students to use the Internet for academic purposes. Channel their searching skills into productive endeavors in the classroom and library and at home. Use instant messenger in the classroom to develop writing and keyboarding skills. Post assignments and resources on the Web.
Advocate for information access.
Don't let your school's information resources fall behind. Press for Internet access in every classroom, wireless networks, and the encouragement to use laptops throughout the school. Form a faculty technology committee to influence the school's technology investments.
None of will be alive when the archeologists of the future dig up our bedrooms and schools. But we can all work today to ensure that our schools and classrooms reflect the best aspects of the digital era.
