different products and materials to test:
diapers: cloth, Huggies, Pampers, Luv's...
plates and cups: paper, wax coated paper, Styrofoam, plastic...
paper: notebook paper, gift wrap, magazine paper, construction paper, cardboard...
wood: redwood, pine, bamboo, fir...
bags: paper bags, plastic grocery bags, garbage bags, sandwich baggies...
any other consumer product made by different brands or materials!
Shop for Supplies at Science Buddies Online Store
Science Buddies has compiled some suggestions for harder to find items in our Amazon store.    The store does not include   every item for every project, but it does include items that we feel work for the projects on our website.  If you   have comments or would like us to add items to the store, please contact us at scibuddy@sciencebuddies.org .
Experimental Procedure
First decide which types of materials you are going to test.  You can use any  type of disposable item that is made by different brands or with different materials. You should pick something that will have at least five different samples. For this example, I am going to use different types of disposable cups.
Label one popsicle stick for each item using permanent marker.
Find a spot to bury your items that is out of the way of traffic, like near a fence, the corner of the yard, or in the garden.
Get your parents permission to dig a hole there.  If they say it is okay, then dig a small trench large enough to fit all of your items in a row. For example, if I am burying 5 cups, I would dig a hole about 1 foot deep, 1 foot wide and 2 feet long.
Line the five items in a row in the trench.
Bury each item, placing the matching labeled popsicle stick in the dirt to mark each item.
Leave the items buried for at least 3 weeks, preferably 6 weeks or more.  This is the most difficult aspect of the experiment because you need to plan ahead!
While you are waiting, you will need to develop some kind of a way to measure how much an item has decomposed in the ground.  To do this you can develop a scale to help you assign number values to your data.  For example, one type of scale might rate the materials from 1 to 10 depending upon how much material was left:
1
