Trust
Turn Yourself Off
In the case of online conversations, you must sift through many voices talking in many places, without the benefit of eye contact or other nonverbal cues. When you don’t have to look people in the eye, it’s easy to overlook things that don’t fit your vision and instead search for what you want to see. But strategy demands that you exploit differences and loopholes, and therefore turn off your own mind and preconceived notions.
Making Sense of What You Hear
It’s not enough to reveal a conversation and pull out data. Discovering a passionate community of people 50,000 strong doesn’t mean jack if it’s the wrong audience. Similarly, a very small community of people only loosely interested in your issue should not be written off. Collectively – that is, in the context of all your research findings – does what you find matter, and how will it affect your strategy ?
The term most commonly used for this aspect of research is insight. An insight is more than a fact, data point or sweeping recommendation. It’s a revelation core to moving in the right direction, and moving away from dead ends.
Getting to Insights with Guiding Questions
When “listening to the Internet” for the first time, it helps to know what you’re looking for. The more focused your search, the less overwhelmed you’ll be. In addition to knowing your goals, objectives, and specific target audiences, start with questions you need to answer.
Here’s a sample set of questions that you might use to build an insight related to community engagement:
Is there a [topical] discussion taking place in my organization’s hyper-local social media community?
If so, what key topics and themes are being discussed?
Is the conversation fragmented or is there a clear leading voice(s)? Who are the leading voices? Is the local media leading or hosting these conversations? Competitors?
Does my organization have a voice in the conversation? Is anyone talking about us?
Are our target audiences participating in this conversation?
Are there any passionate fans of our issue or cause? What about detractors?
Is the conversation more prominent in a particular type of social media (e.g., blogs, message boards, social networks etc.)?
And of course, the capstone question: “So what? How do all those answers add up in a meaningful way that will move us forward?” If you can answer that, then you got what you were after.
Metamorphic Listening
An initial, passive deep dive into online discussions is excellent for strategy development. However, next time you dip your toe in, be ready to engage .
After all,
The value of listening is not in the act of listening in and of itself, but when an organization or individual uses the information to improve programs or marketing. This requires engaging in a conversation.” (Wise words from Beth Kanter.)
And active listening, while much more demanding, can be much more rewarding. It gets you “ Results on Insights” as Beth Kanter says , and should ultimately become your bread and butter.
 
This entry was written by Qui Diaz , posted on at 12:01 am , filed under Digital Marketing and tagged insight , online listening , online research , social media listening , social media research , strategy . Bookmark the permalink . Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post . Post a comment or leave a trackback: Trackback URL .
6 Responses to "The Big Dig – Online Research & Listening
Michael Brito Says:
 
Qui — thanks for the mention. It is much appreciated; and an excellent article as well … tweeted and bookmarked. The topic of “listening” to folks in social media is something I am very passionate about; and I am seeing more companies starting to use these tools more effectively.
Listening — as mentioned in the post you linked to – is only half that battle. It’s the act of “acting” on the information that nurtures the community, builds relationships and has the potential to create brand advocacy.
Michael
