03-08-2010 | Scholarships |
To be authorised for Big Dig Scholarship , we contingency be in class twelve as well as formulation upon entering in to your initial year college / university in 2012 or be right away in your initial or second year of college /university. Student contingency contention their essay before to a june 1, 2012 deadline. All acquiescence contingency be embrace by 11:59 PM ET upon Jun 1, 2012.
Big Dig Scholarship Amount as well as Deadline:
$3000 (1 Award) – Jun 1, 2012 (11:59pm ET)
Big Dig Scholarship Information:
In 200 years , a single of your kin is starting to be digging in what is right away your backyard. They have been starting to find something which we buried in 2012 as well as it is starting to put any monetary worries they have to rest.
Your pursuit right away is confirm what to bury. Your idea is to find something which have Immense worth in a future. The Item which we select to cover up right away which contingency :
Be right away sole in a store today.
Be underneath $500
Write an essay which is in between 500-1000 words. Be certain to answer all of a following subject :
What is a object we have been starting to bury?
Where clouded cover we squeeze a object today?
How most does a object cost?
What done we select this item?
Why do we hold which a object will have measureless worth 200 years from now?
Essay will be graded essentially upon newness as well as abyss of content. Grammar, punctuation, as well as spelling will fool around a tiny factor. For extensive breakdown, see bellow.
Originality 35%
Grammar, punctuation, as well as spelling 15%
Please embody upon a top of your Big Dig Scholarship Essay a following:
Name:
High School or College /University* Mailing Address:
*Note College / University students need to yield a mailing residence to a monetary assist or admissions office. The report supposing will not be common with any third party. Please examination a Privacy Policy for some-more information.
The leader will be comparison as well as told by Jul 15, 2012. The endowment will be mailed without delay to a students high school or college/university.
Big Dig Scholarship Questions:
Please approach any questions connected with a grant to Henry at: henryk@antiquetrader.tv.
Be Sociable, Share!
