Was this article helpful? 2 0
Archaeological Treasures of the Mind Or, the Big Dig
By Robert Daniel
I am not an archaeologist. I think I would have been a good one though, and sometimes dream of digging painstakingly away at a little pile of dirt somewhere hot, ancient and dusty, with my trusty trowel, a chunk of bread in my pocket and a litre of wine to keep my throat from getting dry.
It comes from digging in my garden as a child, and finding all kinds of interesting (to me anyway) artefact's that for some reason no one else took any notice of.
Crusted bottle tops, old toy soldiers, bits of clothing and all manner of rusted, twisted paraphernalia I could neither recognise nor even imagine what their purpose was.
I found an old bullet shell once, and while this may be common in countries where guns are all the rage it was a rare and exciting find in a small English country town in the mid sixties.
I hunted for the body in which I hoped it was embedded, but found nothing nearby except the mummified remains of a hedgehog, long past its use by date.
Even I couldn't imagine why anyone would want to shoot a hedgehog, unless they were particularly angry with it after being spiked by one of its prickles. Even then, shooting it seemed a bit drastic.
Years later in Australia I found a piece of glazed pottery washed up on the beach and excitedly added it to my collection of other useless but to me interesting items I keep in the kitchen drawer put aside for such objects. The last time I checked the drawer it was pretty full, so it must be still in there somewhere.
But Australia isn't the ideal place to go on archaeological digs. Sure there will be people who argue that going back a hundred, even two hundred years into our history is both fascinating and illuminating, and I'm sure to recent history buffs it is. I admit to being prone to wide eyed wonder at pictures of the Titanic and its contents, but the real fascination for me is going back many hundreds, thousands of years, then discovering and holding onto artefacts that have remained covered since the last time someone touched them.
Aboriginal history goes back many tens of thousands of years, but while these extraordinary people have nurtured their land and been around for such a long time, they didn't leave much evidence of ever having been here.
I touch things, and see pictures and get emotions. Hear stuff I don't understand and get images that really interest me and stir the imagination. For me, archeology would be a wonderful method of stirring the creative juices.
Psychometry is just one bonus, and I don't honestly know that leaning over a hole digging in the middle of a Mediterranean summer is really my thing, the romantic notion that it is keeps me dreaming of one day going out there and doing it. Perhaps just to say that I have, like gold prospecting, treasure hunting and water divining.
There are so many things I'd like to do, but have recently wondered if I'm going to have the time. Having been immortal for 30 years, thoughtful for ten and alarmed for the last eight, it must be time to get all those things done I promised myself one day I would do.
So if you find yourself procrastinating and waiting for the 'right time' to do what you said you were going to do, go do it now. Don't wait. Dig that hole and pull out the treasure and don't fade away wondering what might have been.
If you cant do 'it' now, then when?
I am an Australian children's writer, presenter, motivator and freelance journalist. We run a company called Chocmint Ltd, committed to making a profound, positive, fundamental difference to the lives of young people.
We tour schools, theatres and youth facilities around the world presenting our Imagination Creation show to tens of thousands of young people every year. http://www.chocmint.com
The shows demonstrate and share powerful creative writing and cartooning techniques, and we take the fear away from children about looking bad, getting it wrong and making mistakes. We are all about demonstrating how young people can live the life of their dreams by doing what they love and have real passion for. For more, and bookings, please go to: http://www.chocmint.com
"Think it, Say it, Do it,
FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS,
