The Big Dig~ Pancakes, Potatoes, Trucks & Tractors
September 1 & 2, 2012
Join us for our Pancake Breakfast and Potato Harvest.   You will love starting the day with pancakes hot off the griddle! Pile them high on your plate and then top with our delicious fruit syrups. Juices and coffee included in the All You Can Eat Pancake Breakfast until 11:30am included with admission.  Then jump on a hayride and hunt for potato treasure in our u-pick field.  Did you know that most potatoes in stores are LAST year’s harvest?  You will be amazed by the flavor and texture of fresh potatoes! Weather permitting; we will even “rip” some rows with the tractor to make the hunting easier! After you dig your potatoes, join us in the Roosteraunt for a FREE potato chip tasting with Route 11 Chips. Then you can picnic around our featured tractors and antique fire trucks. Don’t forget to bring your camera for behind the wheel photos!
Schedule: Coming Soon!
Live music featuring: Sat- Brendan Pelan & Chick Hall , Sun- Lloyd Dobler Effect
Country Store will be offering seasonal fresh produce, jams & jellies, honey, local meats, backed goods and great gift ideas from local artists!
The Roosteraunt will be open 11am-4pm serving up ice cold drinks and our all natural burgers, hotdogs, BBQ sandwiches with classic coleslaw, Kettle Korn, baked goods including our delicious pies. Don't forget about our FREE potatoe chip tasting!
Don’t forget to visit our 5 acre play area!  Our 2800 sq ft Pumpkin Jumpin’ Pillow, Double Barrel 60’s slides, pedal cart track and rope swings will make your heart race! You can become a Maze Master by challenging each of our 4 mazes. See who can climb up the Rubber Ridge tractor tire mountain the fastest or romp in our Corn Bin. Get MOOOOvin by taking a ride on the Cow Train ($2). Have a close encounter with our farm animals and do a little catch and release fishing in our stocked pond. Bring your pole; we sell worms in the country store.
THANKS TO OUR SPONSORS
IntIerested in being a sponsor and partnering with our community?
 
