Share Email Print
Volunteers with The Big Dig project at City Hall in Jersey City on Oct. 22 planting tulips and daffodils.
For some Jersey City residents with green thumbs, the upcoming winter may be the longest season in years.
They don't necessarily know what the weather forecast is, but they know they'll be waiting with baited breath for spring, when tens of thousands of tulips and daffodils they planted two weeks ago will bloom throughout the city.
The Big Dig, an effort undertaken by the Jersey City Parks Coalition with assistance from the city government, involved more than 600 volunteers who spent an October Saturday planting the flower bulbs in 75 city locations in hopes of bringing some color and life to all six wards.
When members of the parks coalition approached city Director of Cultural Affairs Maryanne Kelleher with the idea earlier this year, she didn't think they could pull it off.
"I thought they were crazy," said Kelleher, adding, "I had no doubt it was an incredible idea."
The coalition -- which includes Marc Wesson, its treasurer; Laura Skolar, its secretary; and Charlene Burke, the member who dreamed up The Big Dig -- wanted to do something that involved a little effort, not much thinking and a lot of help from the community.
The 75 locations that will bloom include 46 parks, 11 gateways, nine schools, four churches and historic cemeteries and two libraries. The Big Dig involved more than 600 volunteers, 17,000 bulbs, 5,000 pounds of mulch, 84 shovels and 60 rakes and brooms.
Kelleher and members of the coalition credited Burke with thinking big and not settling for planting at just a handful of city plots. Burke said that didn't interest her.
"Jersey City's a big city," she said. "Anything less than 10,000 bulbs and I would have been disappointed."
The group picked daffodils, which will come back every year and multiply, because "they're very hearty" and "squirrels won't eat them," according to Burke. The tulips were planted inside parks to discourage people from taking them.
The thousands of bulbs should bloom in late April or early May, depending on this winter's weather.
Big Dig volunteers who would like to share their photos can e-mail them to jcparks2005@gmail.com. A Facebook page for The Big Dig is in the works, and they may be included on it.
