Regulators delay decision on nuclear plant probe 06.20.12
Engineering giant Bechtel Corp.'s supervision of the construction of  Boston's Big Dig tunnel network has been star-crossed for years, plagued by  mammoth cost overruns and charges of shoddy work.
Now, the death of a motorist killed by falling ceiling panels has created  a full-fledged scandal, damaging the reputation of San Francisco's Bechtel and  putting the company in legal jeopardy.
Privately held Bechtel led the joint venture that managed construction of  the Big Dig, a maze of roadways beneath Boston's downtown and harbor.  Ultimately, Bechtel's potential liability for the ceiling collapse could exceed  the amount of money the company claims to have made off the project.
The Big Dig stands as one of the most ambitious  --  and most  controversial  --  civil engineering projects in recent U.S. history.
It tore down an elevated freeway that cut through Boston's historic core,  replacing the looming structure with tunnels. It spanned the Charles River with  a new bridge, complete with soaring towers that mimic a Revolutionary War monument nearby. It connected the state's main east-west freeway to Logan  International Airport via a tunnel beneath the harbor.
But the project took longer and cost far more than expected. Over roughly  20 years of planning, design and construction, costs swelled from initial  estimates of $2.6 billion to $14.6 billion.
That convinced some state officials that they'd been gouged, setting in  motion efforts to determine whether Bechtel and its joint venture partner,  Parsons Brinckerhoff, were responsible for any of the cost overruns. Meanwhile,  leaks in the tunnels eroded public confidence.
Under its contract, the liability of Bechtel and its joint venture partner  for project losses is limited to $150 million. That's more than the roughly  $130 million Bechtel has said that the joint venture made during the project's  20-year-history.
Since the July 10 accident that killed 39-year-old Milena Del Valle, who  was on her way to the airport, the fury directed at Bechtel, Parsons  Brinckerhoff and the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority, the tunnel system's  operator, has reached a crescendo.
The Massachusetts attorney general has held open the possibility of  criminal charges in Del Valle's death. The embattled head of the Massachusetts  Turnpike Authority, Bechtel's client on the Big Dig, has stepped down under  heavy pressure from Gov. Mitt Romney. Del Valle's family has signaled its  intention to sue companies and government agencies connected to the project.
State and federal investigations into the collapse are under way and no  one has yet been charged with responsibility for Del Valle's death. The  liability limit might not apply if the Bechtel joint venture is found to have  engaged in willful misconduct, gross negligence or fraud.
Bechtel has stood by its Big Dig work, which included drafting preliminary  designs for the project and overseeing the many design and construction  companies involved.
The company argues that the complicated nature of the project  --  with  multiple businesses designing and building the project's tunnels, freeway  connectors and a new Charles River bridge  --  make assessing blame difficult.
On some aspects of the work, "it may be the responsibility ends with the  construction contractor," Bechtel spokesman Jonathan Marshall said. "On other  things, the final responsibility may rest with the section design consultant.  It's not as simple as pointing a finger at someone and saying, 'You're  responsible.' "
Marshall said Bechtel's own examination of the accident had been hampered  by the company's lack of documents detailing work on the collapsed ceiling.
Bechtel and its joint venture partners prepared preliminary designs for  the Big Dig, performing about 25 percent of the total design effort, according  to Bechtel's estimate. Specific designs for each segment of the project were  drafted by other companies.
