Add to Timeline - What's This
Click "Add to Timeline" to publish
what you read to Facebook
See what your friends have read
on CBS Local sites
Use "Remove" or "Turn off" to
disable at any time
StanleyRamon
What can be done either way? So now we all know that a light could fall on our vehicle as we pass through the tunnel. It’s like an obstacle course. Lights falling, ceiling tiles, pot holes, water squirting through the walls, only there’s no winners.
Bechtel/Parsons Brinckerhoff…
… appear to have won as they aren’t barred from bidding on future government contracts. What a country!
http://boston.cbslocal.com/2011/03/18/keller-large-out-of-the-loop-or-on-message/ Keller @ Large: Out Of The Loop, Or On Message? « CBS Boston
[...] amid the political fallout from the news that a large light fixture came crashing down onto the Big Dig roadway last month, thankfully and [...]
LudlowPalmer
Why is anyone surprised? There will be no end to the defects that will surface in the Big Dig, but state officials continually minimize problems when they find them. A 110 LB fixture fell without warning, but they say that the public is in no danger? They keep awarding contracts to the companies that scammed us all, then they’re shocked at the results?? The officials who should be our watchdogs actually concealed this problem for 5 weeks.  The history of lies & mismanagement tied to the Dig continues to grow year after year, decade after decade. How can the taxpayers believes ANYTHING these people tell us? Why do they keep handing lucrative contracts to the companies that ripped us off in the biggest public works project of all time?
Squash
I think the gentleman on the street around the 1:40 mark hit the nail on the head…he is also really good looking dude.  Sweater vest dude please drop me a line.
Lloyd Christmas
Is that dude wearing a sweater vest?  What is this? 1997
barney’scrank
I like the sweater vest, the dude, and his opinions.  lets get him in office….seems like a real go-getter.
Stephen Stein
A nice analysis of both the political and technical aspects of this by Thurman Hart at BlueMassGroup, who points to the cause (galvanic corrosion) and makes an astute observation:
“I can’t believe that a single light-bulb has not been replaced. Part of replacing those bulbs should be a spot inspection for pitting – the hallmark of galvanic corrosion. Failure to do so constitutes, in my mind, a total failure of responsibility to the public to maintain a safe environment.
The failure is from the top of the heap down to the deckplate level. It may not rise to the level of criminality, but it certainly constitutes dereliction of duty. This is not an accident from out of nowhere, it is a foreseeable and preventable incident.”
xjma
I’d rather play russian roulette than drive through any part of the big dig!!
http://boston.cbslocal.com/2011/04/12/state-eyes-cause-of-big-dig-lighting-collapse/ State Eyes Cause Of Big Dig Lighting Collapse « CBS Boston
[...] Mullan told a legislative committee Tuesday the corrosion may have been started by contact between two different kinds of metal in the light fixture, and made worse by salt from snow and ice removal efforts. Read: Keller @ Large: Big Dig Lights Political Fallout [...]
