Highway chief: Concrete a 'mistake' in Big Dig
By Michael Norton, State House News Servicelowellsun.com
Updated:   06/08/2012 10:35:02 AM EDT
BOSTON -- Outlining plans to replace concrete pavement with asphalt on steep slopes in the Big Dig, the state's top highway official on Thursday called the decision to use that material a "mistake" and one that transportation officials would not make today.
During a press conference in Boston, Highway Administrator Frank DePaola said the concrete surface is not as flexible as asphalt and has not held up to fluctuating temperatures and precipitation over the years, developing cracks that have allowed water to seep into the road surface, freeze, and lead to degradation.
Vehicles have begun throwing up pieces of loose concrete in the tunnels and work crews have been sweeping up "all sorts of broken concrete debris."
"It is becoming a nuisance," DePaola said.
During recent internal meetings, state transportation officials decided the best course of action now is to stop making spot repairs and to instead mill the concrete surface and replace it with asphalt.
DePaola noted that concrete is a very durable material for construction and speculated that project designers used it in this case because they were concerned about durability of highway slopes, but he concluded, "In the weather environment we have here, it's turning out not to be a good choice."
He said the Big Dig's structure "flexes" due to traffic loads and temperature fluctuations and that flexing, which he said "sounds unbelievable," caused the cracks in the concrete road surfaces.
Advertisement
The initial work will be to repair two 600-foot spans, but DePaola said there's a possibility of "systemic failure" of the concrete and speculated that other concrete road surfaces in the tunnel system would be replaced with asphalt eventually.
DePaola estimated the cost of the initial repaving at $200,000, but said more expansive repaving efforts could cost more than $1 million. Officials plan to pay for the repaving work with funds from the Central Artery Trust Fund created through a settlement with Big Dig contractors, DePaola said.
He said crews would conduct much of the work during the overnight hours to minimize impacts on traffic.
The work will begin June 16.
