10:00 am, 12:00 pm & 2:00 pm daily (daily except Wednesdays)  
Summary:
Shuttle service to and from Las Vegas strip hotels is included. Minimum age is 14. Please reserve online, or call us toll-free at 888-888-7501. There is a $5.95 USD processing fee per order.  This is a flat fee regardless of the number of tickets or tours purchased on an order.
There is a service charge per ticket. This charge will be reflected on your summary before you checkout.  The total shown includes any and all taxes, fuel surcharges, and service fees.  There are no additional charges, unless otherwise specified.
Cancellation Policy: There are no refunds.  All sales are final.
Change Fee Policy: If changes are allowed on a tour or activity, a  $20.00 per reservation change fee will be applied for any change to a  reservation. Please note that some tours and activities do not allow any  changes. Date changes can be made only if we can confirm availability on  the new date. While we cannot guarantee any changes can be made, all change requests must be submitted a minimum of 24 hours prior to the tour departure and must be handled on an individual basis through our Reservations Center.
What to Expect:
1. Classroom Safety & Equipment Orientation
Following introductions, your instructor will review equipment safety, controls and give you a visual of the activities ahead. You will then be issued a hardhat and a very bright vest.
2. In-Cab Orientation
Once you are comfortable and buckled up in your seat, your instructor will go over all the controls in your cab.
3. Warm Up
Your instructor will give you directions via a 2-way headset and talk you through the warm up activity so that you are orientated with all functions of the equipment.
4. Activities
Once you have completed the warm-up activity, your instructor will begin the Big Dig. They will guide you through a series of activities to test your skills.  The specially planned activities are designed to put the FUN back in fundamentals.
5. Free Time
Now, it's time to let you loose!  Under the watchful eye of the instructors, you will tear, dig, rip, claw, grind, and drive to your hearts content.  This is your chance to see what these machines can do, up close and personal.
6. Award Ceremony
Your excellence out in the field will be rewarded with an official Certificate of Accomplishment... something to proudly display on your wall of fame!
7. Retail Therapy
After doing battle with man vs. machine, there’s nothing better to calm one’s nerves than a quick jaunt through the retail store. Grab a few items to take the experience home with you, and wear them with pride. One might recommend the aromatherapy treatment you’ll only find at this retail store? Try one of the dirt-scented candles? Yep! No kidding. They have them.
Frequently Asked Questions:
How old do you have to be to operate the equipment?
The age limit is 14 years or older. Minors must be at least 48" tall and able to reach all controls to properly operate the equipment. For those that are under 18 years old, a parent signature will be require for participation.
Can I have my child in the equipment with me during the experience?
No. There is only one seat belt in the cab for one person.
Can anyone else (friends or family) come out to the site during the experience?
Yes. There is a very good viewing are for spectators to observe and take photos during the experience. If room allows, they may also join the participant(s) in the shuttle. Children must always be accompanied by an adult.
How many participants per instructor?
Two.
Do you need a driver's license?
No.
What kind of equipment is available?
All modern, user friendly Caterpillar equipment.
What do I wear?
All of the equipment has climate controlled cabs so you will be very comfortable during any conditions. Plan to wear comfortable clothes and sturdy closed toes shoes. The seats are adjustable to suit height and weight for comfort during the experience.
Is this a safe activity?
Yes. All participants are given a safety and equipment orientation prior to any activities. Each participant operates in their own working area, far from any possible contact with any other participant. All machines are equipped with safety devices: Do not disable safety devices - they have been provided for your protection. An instructor is always on hand and in constant contact with each participant. The activities, although some are designed to take you out of your comfort zone, are very safe and exceptionally fun!
Are there any conditions which would prohibit participation?
Yes. Pregnant women and individuals who have experienced the following medical conditions should not ride: neck injuries, back injuries, motion sickness, seizures, heart conditions, nervous disorders or other medical conditions. Individuals who are intoxicated or under the influence of drugs which impair their mental or physical abilities are prohibited from entering. Operators must have upper body control and must be able to hold themselves in the upright position to operate the equipment.
Shuttle service to and from Las Vegas strip hotels is included. Minimum age is 14. Please reserve online, or call us toll-free at 888-888-7501.
