'Big dig' unearths clues to garbage decay.
'Big dig' unearths clues to garbage decay
Begun in 1948 atop a swamp on Staten Island Staten Island (1990 pop. 378,977), 59 sq mi (160 sq km), SE N.Y., in New York Bay, SW of Manhattan, forming Richmond co. of New York state and the borough of Staten Island of New York City. , N.Y., the Fresh Kills landfill The Fresh Kills Landfill on the New York City borough of Staten Island in the United States, was formerly the largest landfill in the world, at 2200 acres (890 hectares),[1] and was New York City's principal landfill in the second half of the 20th century.  -- the world's largest -- covers 4,950 acres and holds 2.3 billion cubic feet of refuse. A year ago, this massive monument to a throwaway throwaway
See for your information (FYI).  society hosted the first multidisciplinary excavation aimed at understanding why some landfill wastes decay more slowly than expected.
Five participating research teams unveiled their preliminary findings last week in Arlington, Va., at a meeting of the Society of Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry. Though most of their reports confirmed the suspected importance of moisture in fostering decay, several teams dug up surprises.
William L. Rathje and his archaeological team from the University of Arizona's Garbage Project joined in last year's " big dig Big Dig or The Big Dig may refer to:
Big Dig (Boston, Massachusetts)
Big Dig (Regina, Saskatchewan)
Big Dig (Liverpool)
The Erie Canal, while it was being constructed. Also sometimes called Clinton's Big Dig, after Governor DeWitt Clinton.
" after unearthing wastes from six other landfills (SN: 10/6/90, p.218). At Fresh Kills, they used a bucket auger auger (ô`gər): see drill.
auger
Tool (or bit) used with a carpenter's brace for drilling holes, usually in wood. It looks like a corkscrew and produces extremely clean holes, almost regardless of how large the bit is.  to chew out 47 boreholes, extracting 5,184 pounds of samples.
Near the surface, the Tucson researchers found that dry wastes showed little decay. But the deeper they dug, the wetter their finds. At 20 to 25 feet, they encountered heavily decayed gray slime. Because Fresh Kills has no clay barrier to separate initially interred wastes from the underground stream running another 5 to 10 feet down, the lower wastes suck up stream water "almost like a sponge," Rathje says.
Sampling revealed that paper accounts for 40 to 50 percent of the landfill's volume, plastics for up to 12 percent and metals for about 7 percent, he says. Construction and demolition debris held the only big surprise, representing 12 percent of Fresh Kills' volume. Because neither trade associations nor municipalities record contributions of such debris to the national waste stream, there were no formal data on its magnitude, Rathje says.
Yet construction debris may alter decay processes, asserts Joseph M. Suflita of the University of Oklahoma University of Oklahoma, abbreviated OU, is a coeducational public research university located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Founded in 1890, it existed in Oklahoma Territory near Indian Territory 17 years before the two became the state of Oklahoma.  in Norman. Researchers have assumed that methane-producing bacteria complete the breakdown of cellulose-based wastes, such as paper, wood and yard clippings. However, the Oklahoma team discovered that when sulfates are present, competing "sulfate-reducing" bacteria may usurp u·surp  
v. u·surped, u·surp·ing, u·surps
v.tr.
1. To seize and hold (the power or rights of another, for example) by force and without legal authority. See Synonyms at appropriate.
2.  that role.
Suflita's group detected sulfates, sometimes at extremely high levels, in most of the buried paper, textiles and other cellulosic materials at Fresh Kills. They also determined that fresh paper and textiles contain little or no sulfates. Suflita now suspects that gypsum gypsum (jĭp`səm), mineral composed of calcium sulfate (calcium, sulfur, and oxygen) with two molecules of water, CaSO4·2H2O. It is the most common sulfate mineral, occurring in many places in a variety of forms.  board used in construction may be the sulfates' primary source.
While his findings point to a potential mechanism in cellulose decay, another team uncovered a potential obstacle to cellulose decay: the unexpected scarcity of microbes that initiate breakdown of this large polymeric molecule. Anna C. Palmisano of Procter & Gamble Co. in Cincinnati reports that only two of 28 soil samples tested by her group contained bacteria that can produce the enzymes needed to cleave cleat, cleave
claw of any cloven-footed animal.  cellulose into smaller units.
COPYRIGHT 1990 Science Service, Inc.
No portion of this article can be reproduced without the express written permission from the copyright holder.
Copyright 1990, Gale Group. All rights reserved. Gale Group is a Thomson Corporation Company.
 Reader Opinion
