$15 billion
James River Bridge
To accommodate the southbound traffic coming from the north along I-93 and US-1, a new ten-lane bridge was built across the James River that leads directly into the northern end of the tunnel. Called the Leonard P. Zakim Bunker Hill Bridge, it is the widest “cable-stay” bridge in the world. (A cable-stay bridge is one which suspends the roadbed from cables running directly to the towers instead of from cables slung over the towers.) In fact, this bridge is the first in America to employ a cable-stayed design and because of this unique feature has quickly become a picturesque icon for the city of Boston.
Ted Williams Tunnel
To reduce the commuter traffic through the Callahan and Sumner Tunnels to Logan International Airport, the only direct access to the airport from the city, a connector-highway was added to the Massachusetts Turnpike. In addition, this new connector now carries vehicle traffic into a third tunnel constructed under Boston Harbor from downtown Boston directly to US-1A in East Boston and to the airport. Called the “Ted Williams Tunnel”, it has four-lanes, is 1.6 miles in length and since it’s opening to commuter traffic in 1995, imposes a toll-charge for all westbound traffic.
Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway
Once the construction of the Central Tunnel under downtown Boston was completed, named the Thomas “Tip” O’Neill Tunnel, the antiquated 1.5 mile section of elevated highway was closed and dismantled in 2004. In its place the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway is presently under construction. The 30-acre Greenway is the final phase of the project and will consists of a new tree-lined boulevard and cross streets, sidewalks, several parks and public spaces extending nearly one mile through the heart of Boston. Also planned are open lawns, gardens, grand fountains, shaded terraces, and footpaths in a shrub-filled setting that will host marketplaces for local entrepreneurs, art shows, and other similar events.
The Latest Cost Figures
Although the initial estimate for the project in 1985 was around $3 billion, inflationary increases due to multiple beaurecratic delays and from many cost overruns, the total current 2007 budget is approximately $15 billion. In this regard, it is by far the most expensive public project ever undertaken. Established to report on the cost, schedule and safety of the project, a Project Management Monthly (PMM) meeting is held periodically with senior management and a report is issued on the projects principal milestones. According to the latest report (August 1997), the $14.798 billion is divided as follows in millions:
Constructions - $9,651
