Barre’s Treasure Dig 2012 Is On    Now!
Play To Win!
CLUE # 11 FOR WEEK OF JUNE 25 - 30,    2012:
“A Picture Is Worth 1,000    Words”
If you can figure out the participating    business from the clue above, go to that business to get puzzle piece # 11.    Find details on that puzzle piece!
Gameboards Are Available At Participating    Merchants!
Scroll Down For A Complete List!
2012 Treasure Dig Rules & Regulations    Are Posted Below!
NORTH MAIN STREET IS BEING TRANSFORMED!
THE SUMMER STREET DETOUR IS THE WAY    TO GO!
PHASE 4 AND 5 CONSTRUCTION IS ABOUT TO    BEGIN!
Pike Industries has finished paving the    base and binder courses in Phases 2 and 3 as planned. Work in Phase 2 and 3    will continue with sidewalk, curb, landscaping, paving driveways and light post    installation.
Crews will begin to organize for the changeover    into Phases 4 and 5 the week of July 2nd and Luck Brothers will NOT be working    on Wednesday, July 4th.
Luck Brother’s goal is to be actively    working in Phase 4 at Depot Square by Monday, July 9th. As work begins in Phase    4, travel into and out of Phases 2 and 3 will experience a change. Local traffic    will be able to travel through on North Main Street from Maple Avenue to Merchant    Street. West Street will be returning to its original pattern with traffic traveling    one way away from North Main Street. Merchant Street will then be opened up    with two lane travel to and from North Main Street. South Seminary Street, Granite    Street and Creamery Court will return to their original travel pattern.
On Monday, July 9th we will be shutting    down North Main Street from Depot Square to Elm Street. Depot Square, Keith    Avenue and Pearl Street will be shut down also. There will be no vehicular access,    travel or parking in the work zone. Pedestrian access will be maintained to    all businesses and residences in the work zone. Emergency vehicle access will    be coordinated on a daily basis.
Use of back entrances where available will    be imperative in Phases 4 and 5. Businesses with back entrances have posted    signs on their doors inviting people to use their store as a means to gain access    to North Main Street. These phases will require all to rethink their normal    travel routes and routines. We appreciate everyone’s cooperation.
The detour onto Summer Street will remain    unchanged. However, signal timings will be adjusted to reflect current traffic    volumes. Access to North Main Street from the Intersection of Route 62 (the    beltline) and Route 302 will be limited to local traffic. Travel from South    Seminary Sreet and Granite Street onto North Main Street will not be permitted.    All eastbound traffic will be directed to take Maple Avenue to Summer Street    and then on to Elm Street in order to connect to Route 302 East and Vermont    14 South. All westbound traffic will be directed to take Elm Street to Summer    Street. From there, traffic can: 1) turn right onto Maple Avenue to access Vermont    14 North or, 2) turn left onto Maple Avenue to access Route 62 North (the beltline),    or Route 302 West. There will be no more thru traffic access on North Main Street    from Cottage Street to Depot Square. Access to North Main Street from South    Seminary Street and Granite Street is not permitted.
HEAVY EQUIPMENT ALERT!
Be aware of heavy equipment traveling to    and from North Main Street via Granite Street and Merchant’s Row on a    regular basis.
ALL businesses are open, INCLUDING businesses    inside the work zone.
Pedestrian access will be maintained and    emergency vehicles will have 24 hour access in work zones. Access to businesses    outside the work zones will be from the south end of North Main Street and Merchants    Row. Flaggers will assist you in navigating the work zone to gain access to    your desired location. There may be modifications as the work progresses, so    please pay attention to flaggers. Please be patient and help us help you.
As always, Downtown Barre is open for business.
Please pay close attention to message    boards, traffic detour signs, advance warning signs, flaggers, and uniformed    traffic officers who will be posted at appropriate locations for temporary traffic    control.
Expect minor delays at times, slower    going in the heart of the work zone and plan your commute or travel accordingly.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding    the Main Street Reconstruction Project please contact Beth by cell (518) 578-9629    or by e-mail:
beth@luckbros.com
The office number is (802) 479-5775.
Downtown Barre is OPEN for business and    your continued patronage is greatly appreciated.
 
Barre’s Treasure Dig 2012 Is On    Now!!!
You could win $300 in gift certificates    each week,
and qualify for some BIG prizes in the    fall!
Puzzle piece # 11 is available JUNE 25    - 30! THE CLUE IS: A PICTURE IS WORTH 1,000 WORDS!
Our winners so far:
Week 1: Donna McNally - $150 gift certificates    from Bob’s Camera & Nelson’s Ace Hardware!
Week 2: Joyce Hastings - $150 gift certificates    from Delicate Decadence & Needleman’s Bridal & Formal!
Week 3: Billy Comi - $150 gift certificates from    Goodfellows Fine Jewelers & Jerome The Florist!
Week 4: Sandy Fugere - $150 gift certificates    from Mister Z’s & Last Time Around Antiques!
Week 5: Scott Williams - $150 gift certificates    from Subway & P&S Furniture!
Week 6: Rick Theken - $150 gift certificates    from Barre Paint & Paper & Exile On Main Street!
Week 7: Alice Harter - $150 gift certificates    from Women and Children First & Bag Ladies Cafe!
Week 8: Hannah Towne - $150 gift certificates    from Aaron's and Copy World!
Week 9: Pamela Miller - $150 gift certificates    from Simply Subs and KeyBank!
Week 10: William Toborg - $150 gift certificates    from Off The Top and Richard J. Wobby, Jewelers!
You can get your gameboard NOW at one    of these locations:
Aaron’s - Aubuchon Hardware - Bag Ladies Cafe - Bargain    Basement Thrift Store - The Next Chapter Bookstore
BK’s Computing, LLC - Barre Paint & Paper - Milne    Travel - Beltrami Studios - Bob’s Camera - Boisvert Shoe Repair
Coins & Hobbies - Community National Bank - Soup N’ Greens - Copy World - Delicate Decadence
TDBank - Barre Optical - Devine Design - Domino’s Pizza    - Dunkin Donuts - Northfield Savings Bank
Espresso Bueno - Exile On Main Street - Goodfellows Fine Jewelers    - Grakles - The Sewing Basket - Jerome The
Florist - KeyBank - Ladies Workout Express - Last Time Around    Antiques - Lenny’s Shoe and Apparel - Merchants
Bank - Mister Z’s - Needleman’s Bridal and Formal    - Nelson’s Ace Hardware - Off The Top - Ormsby’s Computer
Store - P & S Furniture - People’s United Bank -    PoolWorld - Quarry Grill & Tavern - Rent-A-Center
Richard J. Wobby Jewelers - Simply Subs - Subway - Women and    Children First
 
RULES AND REGULATIONS:
PLEASE NOTE: HOURS OF PICK-UP AND DROP OFF ARE DETERMINED BY THE POSTED HOURS    OF EACH INDIVIDUAL BUSINESS AND IS AT THEIR SOLE DISCRETION. CHECK WITH EACH    BUSINESS TO DETERMINE THEIR HOURS ACCORDINGLY.
No purchase necessary. Under 14 must be accompanied by adult.    Participating businesses and their employees are ineligible to participate.    Only one entry form per week allowed per person. Attempted multiple entries    per person will be disqualified. Each week a new clue will be posted at www.wedigbarre.com,    and the clue will be announced on local media. The clue will help you determine    at which participating business each week’s puzzle piece is located. Once    you determine that business, go there to pick up your puzzle piece and entry    form for that week. Two businesses will be listed on each puzzle piece, the    business where you found the puzzle piece, and the business where you need to    go to deliver your entry form for that week’s $300 prize. Each puzzle    piece is two parts. Half of it is the puzzle piece which you take home to build    your puzzle, and the other half is the entry form which needs to be filled out    and dropped off at each week’s designated store. The pieces are perforated    for easy separation. Find the puzzle piece, separate the parts, drop off the    entry portion and take the puzzle piece home...it’s that simple! Gameboards    available from all participating businesses, listed at www.wedigbarre.com. Pick    up a unique game piece/entry form every week for 24 weeks at a different participating    designated business each week. Fill out entry form, detach from game piece and    drop it off at a different partcipating designated business each week. Clues    to help you find the designated business pick-up location for each week will    be announced each Sunday for that week, and will be announced on local media    and posted at www.wedigbarre.com. Entry form drop off designated business locations    for each week will be on your game piece for that week. Weekly entries properly    entered by noon on Saturday each week are eligible to win $300 in gift certificates    for goods and services from that week’s designated businesses. A $150    gift certificate to each designated business will be awarded to a randomly drawn    winner each week. These certificates are good for merchandise and/or services    only, no substitutions, no exchanges, no cash value, refunds or credits. Attach    puzzle pieces to your gameboard for each week during the 24 week promotion.    Redeem completed puzzles at the end of 24 weeks to be entered into the grand    prize drawing. Only completed puzzles qualify for the grand prize drawing for    a prize valued at $1,500. If there are NO completed puzzles, puzzles with the    most pieces will be entered into a random drawing for the Grand Prize. Grand    prize is yet to be determined. No substitutions or cash value. Vermont sales    tax on all prizes included in the prize amount. Example, a weekly prize for    two $150 gift certificates is actually a prize of two gift certificates in the    amount of $141.51 + 8.49 in Vermont sales tax, which totals $150 per gift certificate.    Likewise, the $1,500 grand prize is a prize worth $1,415.09 plus $84.91 in Vermont    sales tax, a total of $1,500. Responsibility to report prize winnings as Federal    and/or State income is the sole resonsibility of the winners. GOOD LUCK    TO ALL OF OUR PLAYERS, AND THANKS FOR SHOPPING DOWNTOWN BARRE!
                                      
                We    Dig Barre! T-Shirts - $12. - Available at Richard J. Wobby Jewelers, Nelson    Ace Hardware, Exile    On Main Street & Lenny's Shoe And Apparel.
How about a peek at the future?
Above is a computerized look at North Main Street reconstructed,    looking south from a vantage point just north of Depot Square. Welcome to the    future of Barre!
We    Dig Barre! provides updates and the latest information regarding the Main    Street Reconstruction right here at:
 
We    Dig Barre! is a committee of The Barre Partnership.
Funding    for this project is made possible in part with a Rural Business Enterprise Grant    from USDA Rural Development. This organization is an equal opportunity provider,    employer and lender.
Web    design donated by Exile Media Corp., 94 North Main Street - Barre, VT
 
