Next
No government boondoggle in the history of man comes close to the cost of the Black Hole of Boston. INSIGHT has learned that, for years now, key Massachusetts officials and a world-famous engineering-construction firm are alleged to have labored industriously to hide from the American people the true cost of building a gargantuan highway-construction project through the heart of the city. The scandal is so enormous, insiders say, that it is likely to make this capital of political liberalism a national laughing-stock by the time the Democratic National Convention meets here in 2004.
With a corruption-fighting Republican governor about to take office, Big Dig and government officials responsible for auditing the project are in bunker mode, with their propaganda machine on highest alert. Of course political dishonesty has been part of the national polity since the memory of man runneth not to the contrary, and it hardly is surprising when estimates of the cost of public works prove to have been overstated. But INSIGHT has learned the eventual cost of the Big Dig is likely to be 500 percent higher than the $2.56 billion estimate that received federal approval in 1985. Its projected price tag now is at least $14.6 billion.
One local writer calls it the "Big Lie." Another suggests the politicians themselves, the enablers of this mess, give it another name, such as the U.S Government's Enron or the Big Deception. Picture King Henry VIII eating voraciously in front of a table groaning with food and you get the idea. It is the ultimate case study, critics charge, of how elected officials, designers and engineers will deceive the public and one another to keep feeding on federal money. And, incredibly, the project already is more than 40 years old. The planning began in the 1960s, construction in 1991, and it is scheduled to be mostly finished in 2005.
So what is it, a borehole through the earth's magma all the way to China? Not on your life. Boston's Big Dig is a road and renewal project designed to replace an elevated highway that runs through the heart of the historic old city founded in 1630, and connecting its north and south shores and Logan International Airport across Boston Harbor. It repeatedly is described as the largest public construction project in U.S. history, whatever that means. To achieve this the engineers are engaged in constructing a highway tunnel directly underneath and parallel to the elevated highway, the city's main artery, while keeping it continuously open.
Through the use of slurry walls, where liquid is poured into a hole to harden, engineers have managed to support the elevated highway while cutting away its support beams to remove the dirt underneath. The designers and engineers of the joint venture--called B/PB--are San Francisco's Bechtel Corp. and New York City's Parsons Brinckerhoff Quade & Douglas Inc.
And some of the wonders they have performed are, well, wonderful. As the downtown innards of the city have been dug out, and a third tunnel constructed under Boston Harbor, traffic flow continually has improved as construction progresses. While drivers often find they must follow new paths to their destinations, which temporarily angers them, most say that once they learn the new route they find it easier and with less traffic. Even Boston's notoriously cranky cabbies say overall traffic flow has improved, especially since the opening of the harbor tunnel, albeit peppered with a few spots of increased congestion. Boston is open for business and functioning well.
Also important, this gargantuan project claimed very few buildings in the historic metropolis. No private homes were razed, as construction was staged from parking lots and unused lands adjacent to railroad tracks.
But as astonishing as the engineering and construction of the Big Dig appear to be, the history of its financial management leaves observers slack-jawed. Politically sophisticated Boston, sated in lore of theft from such public-works boondoggles as the Boston Common Garage, can't believe that even the Washington clout of Democratic Sens. Edward Kennedy and John Kerry can keep such sums moving from the federal purse into the local black hole.
Not that it has gone unnoticed. The spending in Massachusetts is "out of control" roared Rep. Frank R. Wolf (R-Va.), a member of the House Appropriations Committee who helped cap the federal government's share of the costs at about $8.5 billion in June 2001. Wolf's efforts were highly warranted, but simultaneously disdained in Massachusetts. "The spending was just terrible" he says. "This can be used as an example of how not to build a project."
Christy Mihos, a fiscally conservative member of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority (MTA), and A. Joseph DeNucci, the longtime elected auditor of Massachusetts, agree that billions have been wasted on the project. A report of the U.S. Senate Governmental Affairs Committee called the Big Dig one of the worst cases of government mismanagement in recent history. "Bechtel, the project management and others have not made cost containment and prudent financing a top priority" DeNucci says.
How bad could it be? As soon as INSIGHT began investigating this story our reporter was inundated with allegations of extreme corruption involving several layers of the Big Dig construction and government hierarchy. The indignant charges came from every direction, and some of them seemed too fantastic to believe. But the research also was hindered by strong resistance from Big Dig and government officials. Bechtel spokesman Andrew Pavin hung up on an INSIGHT reporter, and Federal Highway Works Administration (FHWA) employees Carl Gottschall and William N. Outlaw refused to respond to questions. Nor would Big Dig officials provide documents they are required by law to make available.
The bodies here may be buried as deeply as Jimmy Hoffa, but the Massachusetts attorney general and the Securities and Exchange Commission have subpoena power and are investigating. Indeed, according to Holly Sutherland, a Big Dig spokeswoman, "We are being investigated by everybody" And according to a March 2001 report issued by the Massachusetts Inspector General (IG), and all but ignored by the Boston-proud local media, "Big Dig officials have withheld documents under a claim of attorney-client privilege, and public data and documents have reportedly been destroyed and other public documents have been reportedly removed from Massachusetts Turnpike Authority offices in early 2000. Thousands of pages of documents are missing. File cabinets had been emptied and computer hard drives had been sandblasted so data could never be recovered from them."
As if the alleged destruction of documents on this multibillion-dollar project were not enough to send an army of federal auditors and law-enforcement authorities to Boston armed with subpoenas and search warrants, Mihos of the MTA recently went public on national television to warn of fraud and corruption on the project. The price tag of the Big Dig now is higher than the gross national product of Bolivia and the cost of the Alaska pipeline, twice that of the construction of the Panama Canal and 23 times more than what it cost to build the Hoover Dam--in today's dollars! If the cost estimate holds (an unlikely prospect, according to insiders), it will come in at just under the $16 billion required to build the 32-mile Chunnel under the English Channel to link the United Kingdom with France.
Then there is the problem of Bechtel, an international engineering and construction company founded in 1898, which has been paid about $2 billion so far for its role in the project. Bechtel, which manages the Big Dig, has taken care to be politically connected at the highest levels and has been involved with many projects in the United States and throughout the world, especially in the Middle East. Two former top Bechtel executives, Caspar Weinberger and George Shultz, served in president Ronald Reagan's Cabinet during the time this project received its most important congressional funding. During that period Bechtel was struggling to reverse a significant decline in its worldwide business.
