Instructions
1
Select a location suitable to the size and focus of the pond. It is best to have a pond on higher ground so it does not receive any runoff from rain. If you are growing water lilies, your pond will need to have direct sunlight for at least 4 hours each day.
2
Lay a clothesline rope on the ground in the shape and size of what you think you would like your pond to look like. Move it around a bit and try different looks to make sure you end up with something that pleases you. Position a wheelbarrow near where you will be digging so that you can easily remove the dirt.
3
Dig around the outer perimeter of your pond. Keep the shovel at a 90 degree angle so that the walls of the pond will be straight up and down. The pond should have a shelf going around the edge. The shelf should be approximately 4 to 12 inches deep. The width of the shelf is up to you. If you are housing water lilies and goldfish, you will want the shelf at least 1 foot wide. If you will be placing Koi in your pond, you can make the shelf more narrow.
4
Dig out the mid-level of your pond. This is approximately 18 to 24 inches deep, measuring from the ground surface. For water-lily ponds, this may be as deep as you wish your pond to be. For Koi ponds, make this depth about 30 percent of your pond surface.
5
Dig out the final section of your pond. It will need to be at least 2 feet deep, preferably closer to three or four feet, measuring from the ground surface. Koi ponds will need to be this deep to save the Koi from freezing waters in winter, direct sunlight in summer or in tropical areas. This level should take up about 40 percent of the water surface.
Tips & Warnings
Call your local Diggers Hotline before you begin digging. Someone will come to your property and mark out where your power lines, phone lines and water lines are located so you do not hit them.
Use a reciprocating saw to cut through any large tree roots you find. Cut the root off as close to the edge of the pond as possible so that the walls will be smooth.
Related Searches:
