Photo credit: 
Google images
     The recent arrest of former Massachusetts Turnpike Authority chairman Matthew Amorello for driving under the influence and leaving the scene of property damage brings to mind the circumstances surrounding Amorello’s resignation in July of 2006. Then-governor Mitt Romney pressured Amorello to resign after 12 tons of concrete from a Big Dig highway tunnel killed Milena del Valle that month (del Valle’s husband was able to escape from the crushed car).
     Governor Romney moved swiftly to remove Amorello as chairman to convey to the public that he was “doing something” in reaction to the flood of public outcry following the incident. Romney was quoted as saying, “He is secretive and resists oversight of his own board,” and that he had acted “contrary to the interests” of motorists, bondholders, and tax-paying citizens, according to a Boston Globe report at the time .
     While it is easy to shine the light of culpability on one individual – in this case, Amorello – John O’Leary, a Needham resident, process engineer, and recent author of, “If We Can Put a Man on the Moon: Getting Big Things Done in Government,” argues that the problem was rooted in a deeper and inherent structural deficiency in public works projects. O’Leary writes in the book (you can read portions of it here on GoogleBooks ) that the insecure bolts which caused the concrete to crash down on del Valle’s car represented the systemic failure of a government-run project to promote accountability and efficient coordination efforts between government, independent agencies, and private contractors.
     Warning signs about dangerous tunnels, including an April 2005 incident when debris damaged five cars in the I-93 southbound tunnel, were either ignored or blithely dismissed as isolated examples of the incompetence of individual engineers in an otherwise strong and safe tunnel system. As O’Leary writes, “It was easier to believe that someone had screwed up rather than believe a trail of evidence pointing toward systemic failure.”
     Big Dig officials continued to emphasize to Massachusetts citizens that Big Dig construction was safe. Yet del Valle’s death, following these incessant public pronouncements, was a tragic result of both individual neglect and, more important, systemic failure manifest frequently in government-run public works and welfare programs.
Advertisement
