Maine Today Photo Store
Romney, then in his final year as  Massachusetts governor, dashed back to Boston and immersed himself in  the crisis. Wearing a hard hat, orange safety vest and jeans, the  usually buttoned-down Republican seemed to relish the role of the  hands-on chief executive tackling a public emergency before television  news cameras.
The Big Dig collapse offers insights into the kind  of leader the expected Republican nominee would be if elected president.  Romney has made his management skills a major selling point in his  presidential campaign.
Yet his stiffest leadership test as  governor produced mixed results.
Romney was praised, even by some  Democrats, for his energetic, take-charge management style. But he also  drew criticism for playing to the media and dodging personal blame.
One  move he made was to blame fellow Republican Matt Amorello, chairman of  the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority, an independent agency largely  outside the governor's control that was overseeing the project.
Later,  however, it was Romney who was faulted for not taking stronger action  to fix the problem-plagued Big Dig well before the collapse.
"He  was all sizzle and no steak," said former Massachusetts governor Michael  Dukakis, the 1988 Democratic presidential nominee.
Romney's  campaign didn't respond to requests for comment.
His  administration bungled one response to the collapse by hiring Big Dig  project manager Bechtel/Parsons Brinckerhoff to inspect the ceiling  repairs. Bechtel oversaw construction of the tunnel, so giving it the  job of judging its own work created a conflict of interest; Romney later  admitted it was a mistake. Bechtel at the time was a focus of state and  federal investigations into the collapse.
For that foul-up,  Romney blamed his transportation secretary, prompting a sarcastic swipe  in a Boston Herald editorial: "If there's glory to be gained in handling  a crisis, count on Gov. Mitt Romney to show up in person to grab it. If  there is blame to be swallowed, well, isn't that what subordinates are  for?"
Romney, too, had ignored warnings from state Sen. Marc  Pacheco, chairman of a legislative oversight panel, that Bechtel  officials were too cozy with turnpike authority officials overseeing the  project. Pacheco had urged Romney to suspend Bechtel. Federal  investigators later found that the lack of a tunnel inspection program  contributed to the fatal accident.
"It was essentially the  proverbial fox guarding the chickens," said Pacheco, a Democrat. "It  continued under Romney's watch."
The $15 billion Big Dig replaced  an elevated highway that ran through Boston with a series of tunnels,  ramps and bridges. The project was plagued for two decades by  mismanagement, design flaws, cost overruns, leaks, falling debris and  other problems linked to faulty construction.
The accident was a  prime opportunity for former businessman Romney to showcase his  management skills. He was facing criticism for ignoring the state's  needs with his growing schedule of out-of-state travels as he prepped  for an expected White House run in 2008.
Romney wasn't shy about  stepping before the TV cameras to reassure a jittery public. He prowled  the cavernous Big Dig tunnels flanked by engineers and investigators. At  times he sounded more like an engineer than a politician as he  explained details of the collapse in televised news conferences.
It  was a chance to burnish his credentials as a turnaround artist. As a  venture capitalist, Mitt Romney retooled struggling companies and made a  fortune. In Salt Lake City, he turned around the scandal-plagued 2002  Winter Olympics and used the experience as a springboard to the  Massachusetts governorship.
Days after the collapse, Romney  persuaded the Democratic-controlled Legislature to approve emergency  legislation giving him the power to oversee inspections and final  authority on reopening the tunnels. He also ordered a "stem to stern" review of the project.
"His leadership was impressive," said  former state Sen. Steven Baddour, a Democrat who was co-chair of the  Joint Committee on Transportation. "You could criticize him on the  issues. But when it comes to the management of a crisis, that's his  wheelhouse."
Baddour recalled being summoned to a briefing in  Romney's office shortly after the accident. He expected to find a room  crowded with engineers and other officials. Instead he was alone with  Romney, whose grasp of the accident and engineering details impressed  Baddour.
Romney's prime target was Amorello, whom he had long  accused of mismanaging the turnpike authority and the Big Dig.
Romney  had previously tried to force Amorello out, but was rebuffed in court.  Amorello was finally ousted after the tragedy, with pressure from Romney  and others intensifying.
"I thought Romney scapegoated Amorello  because it was politically convenient," said Warren Tolman, a former  Democratic state senator.
Tolman said Romney should have been more  aggressive before the accident to take control of the Big Dig from  Amorello and the turnpike authority.
"He looked great on TV, but  he didn't do the dirty work of what needed to be done," said Tolman.
Romney  never lobbied state lawmakers as hard on the Big Dig as he did on his  health care overhaul plan, a cornerstone of his presidential ambitions,  Tolman said.
"He didn't try to roll the boulder up the hill on the  Big Dig," said Tolman.
Asked by reporters why he had not moved  sooner to take control of the Big Dig, Romney blamed the Legislature for  blocking him.
In a 2007 report, the National Transportation  Safety Board criticized the MassachusettsTurnpike Authority, designers,  inspectors and many of the contractors involved in the Big Dig.
The  board said the collapse could have been avoided if designers and  construction contractors had considered that the epoxy glue holding  support anchors for the ceiling panels could slowly pull away. The NTSB  said the turnpike authority contributed to the accident by failing to  put in place a timely tunnel inspection program.
Bechtel/Parsons  Brinckerhoff in 2008 agreed to pay more than $400 million to settle a  lawsuit the state filed over the collapse.
Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form
