Helpfulness
zChris 580 reviews
After over 20 years of planning and 11 years of construction, the Central Artery/Third Harbour Tunnel Project, or Big Dig, is finally coming to an end. Federal, state, and local tax dollars contributed to the $15 billion project, the aim of which was multifold: the extension of the Massachusetts Turnpike (Interstate 90) via a harbour tunnel (the Ted Williams), to the airport, the expansion of the vehicular capacity of the Central Artery (Interstate 93), and the latter highway's submergence underground. Since opening in the 1950s, the elevated Central Artery has been an urban scar dividing Boston and blighting some of its most desirable central areas. The long awaited finale, the old artery's demolition, is fast approaching, though wrangling over control of the land it will free up on the surface, and what that land will eventually contain, has not yet finished. Most likely, the artery's former footprint will be reconstituted as a chain of parkland weaving through the city centre, a bare minimum of such lands being surrendered to developers.
Nevertheless, perhaps not even the most impressive result can bring relief to the beleaguered Bostonian, who has been trapped by 11 years of delays, detours, and distractions while the Big Dig ensued. Simply stated, there is little of central Boston the project did not touch, few areas that did not suffer the sight of its ubiquitous blue barriers. Perhaps the North End, most of all, has suffered: cut off from the rest of the city for over 50 years, it was even more cruelly and harshly severed when the project transformed the "scar" through the city into a vast hard-hat construction zone. Businesses and residents were forced to endure the noise and stunted pedestrian flow resulting from the activity. Now, however, as the city is being stitched carefully back together, the North End faces the question of whether this urban reunification will bring with it renewed interest in the neighbourhood from savvy realtors and developers.
Updated Jun 25, 2003
***DO NOT DRIVE IN BOSTON****
airimede 9 reviews
The headaches simply are NOT worth it. The Big Dig is indeed a big dig, right now we have an enormous crater in the middle of our fair city, all in the name of reducing traffic (Even though we all know that in the end it will just hide it). Diggers found more toxic waste down there then they dumped it back into the Charles. Gotta love it.
But, why it is so dangerous to drive in Boston, or more particularly around the Big Dig/North End is because NO MAP CAN ACCURATELY CHART WHICH WAY THE STREETS WILL MOVE. Every day the police and construction workers reroute and detour new streets to different places, so even natives get lost.
Driving is unncesseccary. Public transportation is cheap and effective! Use it. $1 for the T.
Written Jun 13, 2003
'The Big Dig Central Artery...
Helpfulness
RhondaRuth 442 reviews
'The Big Dig Central Artery project's unique challenge is the fact that it is being built in the middle of a city. Work of this magnitude and duration has never been attempted in the heart of an urban area, but unlike any other major highway project, the venture is designed to maintain traffic capacity and access to residents and businesses - to keep the city open for business - throughout construction.' : http://www.bigdig.com/ ---
That's no easy task!
My warning: watch the SIGNS, an exit or a whole portion of a roadway can be changed over night. And that's no lie!
Written Aug 26, 2002
The Big Dig will never be...
miwa128 7 reviews
The Big Dig will never be completed. It is the most complex and expensive highway project ever undertaken in the United States. Traffic is usually at a standstill, dust and noise surround parts of Boston, all the while the price of the Big Dig goes up.
Written Aug 26, 2002
