Words too hard? Zynga has new 'With Friends' game 06.06.12
For Bechtel Corp., a company that lives by its record and reputation, last  week's news from Boston could hardly have been worse.
A young mother of three died beneath falling concrete slabs inside the  city's new network of freeway tunnels, designed by a Bechtel joint venture that  also supervised construction. Bostonians  --  weary of the project's long  history of delays, gaffes and ballooning costs  --  vented their anger at  Bechtel and its subcontractors. The state's attorney general opened an  investigation and declared the accident site a crime scene.
But Boston's $14.6 billion Big Dig isn't the only large public project  spurring criticism of Bechtel.
In Washington state, the San Francisco company is building a nuclear waste  treatment center that may end up $7 billion over its original estimate and six  years late.
At the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste storage site in Nevada, a federal  investigator last year said the company received about $4 million in incentive  fees for work that had been turned in late  --  or in poor quality.
A California congressman this spring accused Bechtel of double-billing the  federal government for Hurricane Katrina relief work, potentially costing  taxpayers $48 million if government auditors hadn't objected.
The company has also spent the past three years working to repair  infrastructure in Iraq. However, criticism directed at Bechtel over that  project has focused more on the way it received the job  --  an unusual,  limited bidding competition  --  rather than its performance.
Bechtel's defense
Each time, Bechtel has defended itself, often in great technical detail.  Critics often don't understand the way large government contracts work, the  company's representatives say. And the projects Bechtel takes on tend to be so  large and so complex that problems are almost guaranteed.
"Each project is unique," said Howard Menaker, spokesman for Bechtel's  infrastructure business group. "There are no two Yucca Mountains. ... Yes,  there are tunnels being built all over the world. There are bridges being built  all over the world. But they aren't the Big Dig."
But public criticism of the company could have an effect.
Bechtel, like other construction and engineering giants, relies on its  record to win contracts. It has built its business on past achievements, such  as building the Hoover Dam. If the issues swirling around the Big Dig, as well  as its other major public works, aren't resolved to the government's  satisfaction, it could eventually harm Bechtel's future business. How much  harm, however is difficult to gauge, because very few companies can handle the  large-scale contracts that are Bechtel's specialty.
Large construction companies "have their names on these projects, and they  can't afford not to do well," said Gary Tulacz, senior editor of Engineering  News-Record, a trade publication. "That's why I'm sure what's happened with the  Big Dig is an obvious cause for consternation. These firms value their  reputations."
So far, questions about the company's work haven't hurt Bechtel's revenue.  The privately held firm doesn't release profit figures, but its revenue last  year set a record of $18.1 billion. It remains the nation's largest  construction design and management business, according to Engineering  News-Record.
A Big Dig headache
The Big Dig has been, for both the company and the community, a persistent  headache.
Originally expected to cost $2.6 billion, the Big Dig grew in complexity  and cost over the course of two decades of discussion, design and construction.  An aging, elevated freeway that once sliced through Boston's downtown, severing  most of the city from its waterfront, was demolished and replaced with sleek  tunnels. Workers supervised by Bechtel and its joint venture partner, Parsons  Brinckerhoff, dug another tunnel beneath the harbor, linking an interstate  freeway with the city's airport. A new bridge carried another freeway across  the Charles River.
