
THE BIG DIG
They call it the Big Dig, two little words for the largest, most complex highway construction project ever undertaken in the history of this country. At a cost projected at $15 billion, the Big Dig is creating state-of-the-art tunnels and bridges, reclaiming wasteland for parkland, and providing the last piece of the U. S. Interstate Highway System begun in the 1950s. This massive project is currently fascinating, puzzling and frustrating virtually every Bostonian, and is being scrutinized by politicians, city planners and city dwellers around the country.
Officially, it is Boston's Central Artery/ Tunnel Project. Its mission is to reconstruct two sections of interstate highway running through the heart of Boston. Key to the project is replacing the "Green Monster", the rusting, dangerous, and confusing elevated highway that bisects the city, cutting it off from its historic waterfront. In its place will be a sleek new tunnel capable of moving traffic quickly and efficiently.
With half the construction underground, engineers have had to face obstacles ranging from building on unstable landfill to dodging the foundations of fragile historic buildings and towering skyscrapers. And all the while, Boston must be kept open for business. Subways run, pedestrians stroll, cars whiz by, as massive construction efforts go on just a few feet below.
Today, Bostonians wake up each day wondering what new detour awaits them. But when the Big Dig is finally finished, Boston will have over 200 acres of new parks, its skyline will be transformed, and its infamous traffic nightmares - Bostonians fervently hope - will be a thing of a past.
Written by a former member of the Big Dig's staff and beautifully captured in pictures by a photographer who lives in the heart of the project, The Big Dig is an inside look at a monumental undertaking that has captured the imagination of one of America's oldest cities.
THE BIG DIG
By Dan McNichol, photographs by Andy Ryan
Designed by Berenson Design & Books, Ltd.
Silver Lining Books (Barnes & Noble)
November 2000; $32.00 at bn.com
ISBN: 0-7607-2307-9
