UPDATE: ADDED HUNGER GAMES TO THE MAP! A WORLD DEDICATED TO THE HUNGER GAMES!
------------------------------------------------------------
I'd like to introduce you to The Great Big Infinite Dig...a constant work-in-progress designed for ultimate fun and challenge :)
NEW WORLDS! MID_WORD, BLOOD WORLD, BUILD WORLD, AND HUNGER GAMES. As well as The Nether and The End. !
 
We are a group of players dedicated to the game, which means no cheating or exploiting. We take this seriously.
We run a money-based economy that is monitored regularly for inflation and tweaked in order to keep things fair and to prevent people from super-inflating the economy like on some servers.
We are now within a Multiworld structure. Things you'll find that are unique to this server:
-A rewards system based on playtime(and donations) which you can use to purchase items ingame from the server.
-Many custom plugins developed by the owner (and more on the way).
-A custom-programmed factions system that includes estates and cities (self-managed protections). Factions can be Evil, Neutral, or Good, and can set up their own rank systems and alliances/wars.
Donators can also receive the following abilities based on how much they have donated in total:
Donator ($5)-------
1. Recall - When you return to the site of your death within 60 online minutes, all your items are returned to you. You drop no items upon death. (Except in PVP)
2. Healthy - Once per Minecraft day, you can restore your life fully with /healthy.
Supporter ($50)-------
1. Benevolence - For every minute you play, you charge your benevolence charge by a point. You can then type '/benevolence go' to distribute the current charge item to all online players.
2. Hardy - Your tools have double the durability.
Knight ($125)-------
1. Ghost Inventory - Your items are immediately returned to you upon respawn after death. You drop no items when you die. (Except in PVP)
2. Enderriffic - You require no Ender Pearls to teleport to other players.
3. Vitae - You slowly regain health over time (roughly 1/2 heart every 10 seconds).
Commands:
/hunt - check for current treasure hunts in your world (or left click with rotten flesh in main world or enderpearls in the nether)
/ep - teleport to a player for one Ender Pearl. (You can also prevent people teleporting to you by having Purple Wool in your inventory).
/home - teleport home for free.
/sethome - set your home for 500 VM.
/rewards - check your current playtime and rewards credits.
/rewards list - check what you can buy with credits.
/rewards buy - buy a reward.
/spawn - teleport to the spawn for free.
/kd - view your PVP Kills/Deaths.
/faction - view your current faction information
/top - view toplists for various stats.
/bounty - view and add Gold Ingot bounties on players.
/duel - start a duel with a player
/money - check your money info
/estate - create and manage estates
/city - create and manage cities
Plugins developed by owner:
