BOSTON —
A screenshot of NuArt's website, taken Monday (Click to enlarge)
The company that made the now-corroding lights for the Big Dig tunnels is still advertising * that it makes tunnel lighting. But that’s not what officials at the company said last week.
When a light fixture fell onto the roadway of the I-93 tunnel in February, the highway director for Greater Boston went back to the company that originally made the lights for the Big Dig. He asked them whether other customers are encountering similar problems, such as peeling paint and corroding metal.
Two days later, Secretary of Transportation Jeffrey Mullan held a news conference with the fallen light on a table.
“The manufacturer is NuArt Lighting, in Fullerton, Calif.,” Mullan announced.
NuArt was bought by National Signal Corp. in 2006. Last week, National Signal issued a statement saying it did not make or install the lighting fixtures in the Big Dig tunnels. The Boston Globe reported that National Signal officials said the company no longer makes overhead lighting for tunnels.
But go to nuartlighting.com, and, as of Monday afternoon, you could see a picture of a lighted tunnel.
The caption for the photo says: “If you need to illuminate a sign, walkway, or even a tunnel, you are certain to find a NuArt light fixture to fit the application.”
We called NuArt’s customer service line and we were told that the company does sell tunnel lighting.
We pointed this discrepancy out to the Massachusetts Department of Transportation, and a spokesman said officials there are as dumbfounded as we are. State officials say they haven’t heard back from National Signal.
* Update: A spokeswoman for National Signal, the company that owns NuArt, says NuArt’s website depicting tunnel lighting is out-of-date. She says the website was formed when National Signal acquired the NuArt brand in 2006. She says since then, the company has worked on a few tunnels providing replacement parts or retrofits.
Please follow our community rules when engaging in comment discussion on wbur.org.
Edward O
well, on the one hand, I think if you buy a company and keep using the name, you own the good (repeat business) as well as the bad (customer complaints. On the other hand, what it the warranty for this type of item? Their website doesn’t state the warranty for the lights they currently sell, but the TNL Series that the Big Dig bought were purchased like 15 years ago.
http://twitter.com/ericbikeco Eric K. Jensen
Having worked in commercial/industrial lighting since 1994, I can tell you that there is no *reasonable* expectation from anyone in the business that anything in any situation lasts 15 years.  Warranties are hardly ever past 1 year for such things.
Fred Thys
At last week’s press conference, Secretary of Transportation Jeffrey Mullan said his department was checking to see if any of the lights were still under warranty. Transportation officials said they did not know for how many years the warranty ran.
http://www.outdoorstringlightsexclusive.com/outdoor-globe-lights/globe-string-lighting-with-regard-to-outdoor-decorations/ outdoor globe lights
This is the great blog, I’m reading them for a while,
thanks for the new posts!
 
More stories in 'Science & Technology'
Most Popular
