Location: Some would call it, Texas?
Ship Name: Millennium Spork
Ship Class: Intrepid Class Science
Fleet Division:
Fleet Action: “The Big Dig” - a quick rundown
 by  Ikari_Zaku on Wed Mar 31, 2010 10:33 am
Ladies and Gentlemen of the Firefly Fleet based out of Serenity Station, let me start by saying this one is Epic
folks.  Or at least it was for me when I ran through it with my alt
who is a Commander Grade 3 and this mission is given at the commander
level (and it is repeatable, once I had finished it, Admiral Yanishev
gave it to me again or you can just pop over and talk to the USS
Phlox in the Rator Sector in Psi Velorum to get the mission.) and it
took me and the random group I was with over three hours to finish.
Of course the length of time was a result of our uncoordinated attack
methodology.  Had we tried to coordinate even just a little, this
could have been a 90 minute tops mission.
The Map:  Can you say, “But Doctor
Jones, I don't want to go into the Temple of Doom?”
At the heart of this map is a nicely
done, Mayan styled pyramid that is referred to as “The Temple”
and that is surrounded by deep trenching to aid in the archeological
feel of the mission and making this a multi-tiered level.  Oh by the
way, this map is huge, encompassing several virtual acres.  There
were only a handful of respawn points that I found, and they are well
out of the way and you will have to solo your way through at
least three mobs of the unfriendly kinds to get back to the action.
The Unfriendly Kinds: Romulans and
Remans are packed into this mission like sardines in a tin.  Neither
are happy that they had to talk time out of their busy Empire
rebuilding schedule to come down and chase you off this planet.
The Job: First thing you'll be tasked
with is rescuing 20 hostages (archeologists) from their captors,
you'll find the hostages in the trenches, highlighted by the yellow
force fields holding them in place.  Once that's been accomplished
you and your amalgam of mayhem will be asked to kill 125 Roms and
Rems.  Yes that's right One Hundred and Twenty Five Romulans and
Remans must die for you to move on to the next task, fortunately
there is no shortage of either on this map and this was actually the
quickest thing for my group to accomplish.  Third on the agenda (once
the homicidal rage is knocked out) is to secure 20 artifacts with
shielding.  This is where the coordination really comes in to play,
you have to go back to the locations of the hostages and pick up
“shield generators” and then go up to various levels of the
Temple and secure the funky looking artifacts.  The trick here is
that one player can only carry one shield generator at a time.  Had
my group gone through the trenches en mass, having each player pick
up a generator and then hit the Temple in a cyclonic fashion as a
swirling whirlwind of rage we could have really owned this mission
quickly; instead players would look at each other and wonder what the
hell was going on and why no one could accomplish this task by
themselves (hordes of Romulan and Reman mobs).  Finally you will be
asked to kill off 10 Romulan Captains and 10 Reman Captains.  These
guys will be hanging out around the Temple and will not be too hard
to find.  Once you've done that it's time to beam back to the camp
site and collect your reward for the mission.  I got some descent
armor for my Commander level toon and I didn't appear in the top 15
players, so if you can dish that damage some good swag may be there
to be had.
Biggest Tip for this mission:
Coordinate attacks and objective with at least a few people in map.
