Analysis begins
16 August 2011
The Big Dig excavations may be over but there is still much more to be done. The three week excavation saw almost one hundred volunteers try their hand at excavating or working with the finds, with many more stopping to watch the excavations, ask questions and read the information boards, but, with the fieldwork of the Big Dig now finished, the Big Dig team have begun concentrating their energies on analysing all of the information gleaned from the excavations. The finds will be prepared for detailed scrutiny by specialists and made ready for conservation. The site records, which contain all of the information about the assorted layers, the walls and the pits revealed during the excavations, will be looked at and, along with the site plans and section drawings, will be used to form the basis of the excavation report, which will be written once all of the specialist feedback has been received. We'll be doing further historical research to try to establish more about the buildings in Trench 3 and the 'pillory pit' in the Corn Cross trench outside Marks and Spencer's, and to find out more about the remains from the other trenches.
The Boston Big Dig project has certainly created quite a buzz, both from our brilliant band of volunteer excavators and from visitors to the excavation trenches. We hope that the Big Dig has inspired people to look more closely at the amazing history of Boston, the evidence for much of which survives just below the pavements and roads of the town.  Hopefully the analysis of all of the excavated evidence will add more to our understanding of Boston and tell us more about the history of this wonderful town.
Back in the office
08 August 2011
We are now back in the office and the painstaking work of completing the washing, marking and cataloguing of all the finds ready to be sent out to the specialists is underway. The report will then be written. All the leather and wood artefacts will be sent to the lab to be stabilised.
We would like to thank everyone for all their support over the last three weeks for making the excavations so successful! Please watch this space for further updates...
See flickr for all the photos.
End of excavations
08 August 2011
The Market houses were found, the foundation walls clearly visible and even a glimpse in to their cellars!
Works have now been completed and The Corn Cross proved to be fascinating! We found the pit! Lots of finds a child's leather shoe, a leather glove and a star find a decorated leather scabbard!
Market Housing and Corn Cross trenches
04 August 2011
Our last two trenches, the Market Housing trench and the Corn Cross trench are now open and our band of volunteer excavators are really getting to grips with the remains.
The Market Housing trench (Trench 3) is revealing more and more foundations of the buildings that once stood on Fish Hill. Theses buildings are shown on Hall's 1741 plan of Boston but were removed by the early 19th century. We know little about the origin of the buildings and hopefully this is one of the things that the volunteers will be able to find out. So far the finds from the trench, which include pottery and clay pipe stems and bowls, appear to date to the final years of the life of the building but finds which might date the construction of the building have so far eluded us. The hunt continues...
The Corn Cross trench (Trench 4) is located in the position of what appears to be a free standing structure within the market place, shown on Halls 1741 map. The structure is labelled the 'Meal Cross' on his plan during a time when the words 'meal' and 'corn' appear to have been largely interchangeable. The trench hasn't revealed any evidence of the building and it now seems likely that it has been completely destroyed by resurfacing works in the market place over the last two or three hundred years. However, the trench has revealed an enormous pit at its northern end. The pit is presently being excavated by the Big Dig volunteers and plenty of finds are being revealed. The are perhaps a few possible explanations of what the pit may be but perhaps the most convincing so far is that it is the town's 'pillory pit'. Writing in the mid nineteenth century, Pishey Thompson, who examined the history of Boston through old documentary records, notes a feature called a 'pillory pit' in the records. It is mentioned in both fifteenth and sixteenth century records and appears to have been filled in around 1720 as it was a 'common nuisance'. We don't know much about the pit, but it may have been a form of punishment pit, where punishments were meted out in front of the local population. Hopefully we will find out more about the pit and perhaps uncover some evidence of its possibly barbaric origins.
Butchery And Market Housing trenches
28 July 2011
New trenches open. Finds on display at Guildhall.
The Butchery and Market Housing trenches are both open now whilst the Market Cross trench is being filled in. The Butchery trench has been a resounding success. Our volunteer excavators have excavated loads of bone (unsurprisingly) along with some great pottery and have revealed evidence of a butchery midden, periodic flooding and well preserved layers relating to the things that were going on in the area of the market place closest to the church.
The open days have been fantastic too with Bostonians and visitors to the town getting the chance to find out more about the excavated finds and the amazing and surprising history of Boston.
The rare late medieval patten (a type of wooden overshoe which acted almost as a mini stilt, elevating the wearer out of muddy ground or sewage) which was found in the Market Cross trench has gone on display in Boston's Guildhall, along with a wooded flea comb, a delicate hair pin and some of the pottery and bone.
Cobblers!
21 July 2011
The first three days in the trench turn up a plethora of footwear. Meanwhile Boston residents get their hands dirty at the first Open Day
It's been an exciting first three days in the Market Cross trench, although the archaeology hasn't been what we were expecting. After modern layers were removed the volunteers trowelled back the trench only to find that there was no evidence of the Market Cross. Instead they found themselves standing, not on the 18th or 19th century layers which related to the construction, use or demolition of the Market Cross, but instead on medieval layers! It seems that instead of finding remains of Boston's 18th century renaissance they have found remains from the exciting and very interesting period during which Boston had begun to decline, after its 13th and 14th century heyday.
The most exciting finds so far have been several medieval shoes, including one that would have fitted a child. The shoes are all of a similar type with a narrow middle and a long pointy toe. They are made inside out to increase the strength and hide the stitching, and are hence called 'turn shoes'. One of the shoes shows signs of having been repaired.
On Wednesday many local residents came to the Market Square for a very successful open day. The finds processing tent was particularly popular, with members of the public getting a chance to get their hands dirty and wash some of the finds straight out of the trench. Company of Artisans put on a great display of medieval tile making and there was a fantastic historical tour of Boston by Kevin Harrison. Kids got involved too and enjoyed examining some poos from the past!
If you missed the Open Day, don't worry there are several more over the next few weeks. have a look at the events calendar to find out what's happening when. You can also follow the action on Twitter , Facebook and on the webcam . There are also tons of photos on our Flickr .
Boston history buffs take to the trenches - Lincolnshire County Council press release
11 July 2011
Almost 100 enthusiastic Boston residents, both young and old, are coming together to help unearth an important part of town's past.
Monday 18 July sees the official start of the Boston Big Dig. The project aims to uncover the remains of structures shown on early 18th century maps of the Market Place through a series of archaeological digs that run until 7 August. 85 people have volunteered to take part, with specialists Network Archaeology Ltd supervising the activities.
Councillor Eddy Poll, Executive Member for Economic Development at Lincolnshire County Council, said:
"The Boston Big Dig has really caught the imagination of residents, and I'm sure those taking part will relish this once-in-a-lifetime experience. People will be able to follow our progress online through the regular updates on our website, Facebook page and Twitter feed. We'll be sharing our latest finds and news from the site, so you'll be the first to know about our discoveries."
Councillor Derek Richmond, holder of the Portfolio for town centre development at Boston Borough Council, added:
"The dig is the sort of opportunity for people interested in Boston's past which may not occur again in their lifetime, and so will be an event they will remember forever. And who knows someone may make a discovery to add to the historic story of Boston."
"The dig has been made possible by the £2 million scheme, partly funded by the European Regional Development Fund, now underway to make Boston Market Place better for everyone — stall holders, business, shoppers, residents and visitors."
Throughout the dig, Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays will be 'open days', where a range of activities will be available at St Botolph's Church. Residents and visitors to the town will also be able to watch progress on site, but are asked to remember that the Market Place is a live construction site and access restrictions will be put in place for safety.
Mayor of Boston, Councillor Mary Wright, said:
"These are exciting times for Boston's past and future. The dig may tell us more about our history, but comes about as a result of work taking place for the future. It's good to see that local people are so interested in their town, with so many coming forward to take part."
The project, to be delivered by Lincolnshire County Council in partnership with Boston Borough Council and Heritage Lincolnshire, has been made possible by a £42,800 grant from the 'Your Heritage' programme of the Heritage Lottery Fund.
ENDS
