Likes (7)
You've seen the meme, now read the book. If you haven't gotten your fill of sullen, mopey, emo-esque Keanu Reeves, he's taken the whole Sad Keanu concept to a new level with a book called Ode to Happiness.
The hand-stitched book, which sounds absolutely RIVETING, is essentially one poem written by Reeves . One line is printed on each page, along with inkblot drawings (designed to evoke the appearance of being—I am not making this up—blurred by tears) created by Los Angeles artist Alexandra Grant.
Apparently Reeves was inspired to create this literary masterpiece while listening to a radio station that was playing sad, nostalgic music. He says, "I just started to write on this piece of paper, because I had this image of, you know, that moment when you take that bath, you light that candle, and you're really just kind of depressed. And it was making [my friend] laugh so hard."
Must be one of those things where you had to be there. Possibly while very, very high.
Ode to Happiness starts with "I draw a hot sorrow bath/In my despair  room," and naturally goes on to mention "regret shampoo," "pain soap,"  and "I hate myself face cream."
It really sounds like a joke, doesn't it? A deliberate spoof on the Sad  Keanu thing? But Reeves says the meme has nothing to do with his  project. When asked about the thousands of Photoshopped images of him  that are based on one amusing paparazzi photo, he said:
Oh, the  Internet deal. It was brought to my attention. Yeah, it was funny. But  no, the book predates that by a long time. We finished it in August  2009.
Yeah. Right. Well, maybe the joke's on you if you buy it, because it's  currently available for $55 in hardcover. According to the artist,  the book is a piece of art in and of itself, since it's been printed on  thick, quality paper and limited to 4,000 copies. Grant says she  encourages people to cut it up and turn it into framed artwork, should  you wish to hang cheery phrases like "It can always be worse" on your  living room wall.
Reeves says he believes "there is a kind of life experience" in the  book, and adds that he hopes people would find it "relatable and  hopefully transformative in a sense."
Personally, I think I'll stick with the original meme. In celebration of  Reeves' foray into the world of literary expression, please enjoy some  Sad Keanu for free:
About the author Linda Sharps
lives in Eugene, Oregon with her family, where she works from home while wrangling two rambunctious boys. She always has a caffeinated beverage in hand and a LEGO embedded in her foot.
