- Is Keanu Reeves dating Charlize Theron?
Having done a lot of movies, it is weird that Keanu Reeves will always be remembered for The Matrix (1999) trilogy. So huge was the success of these movies that it changed the way modern cinema is viewed. The quality of graphics used in these movies paved the way for different kind of films, films which are more cerebral and thought provoking. Keanu’s contribution is unparalleled; it takes guts for an actor to take on the role of Neo. The Matrix is unmatched. But that has also proved to be a negative point for him. Keanu has done a lot of films; many of them blockbusters, but sadly he still is remembered for the Matrix trilogy.
Keanu loves working in the sci-fi action genre. He has also tried his hand at romantic films like A Walk in the Clouds (1995) and The Lake House (2006). But these movies were commercial and critical disaster. He started his career with theatre and did the title role as Hamlet. Many times critics have hailed him as one the best Hamlet portrayers of all time. He also did a TV show with a role in the comedy series Hangin In (1981-87). Keanu has had to struggle a lot to get where he is today.
Keanu has had a tough life, his mother, Patricia, was a fashion designer while his father, Samuel, abandoned the family when Keanu was only three years old. His mother moved them around a lot. Keanu has lived in many countries like Lebanon, Australia and finally settling in Canada. His tough family life affected his academic career. He was not a good student and got expelled from school for bad behavior. It also didn’t help that he was dyslexic, but like most dyslexic kids, he too was more inclined towards artistic work rather than the run-of-the-mill academics.
Keanu was more interested in sports and extracurricular activities like acting. he mainly grew up in Toronto and like any other Canadian he too loved ice hockey. He was the goal-keeper for his team and was very good. His dream was to represent Canada at the Olympics, but it was shattered when an injury ended his hockey career. Keanu then decided to concentrate more on his acting career. With the help with one his mother’s former husband, he got an agent and moved to Hollywood.
After working in a few movies doing small roles, his first sizeable role was in the movie; River’s Edge (1986). It may not have been the lead but role got him noticed. Then came the cult hit Bill & Ted’s Excellent Adventure (1989). The movie was a hit and became Keanu’s first hit movie with him in the lead. Over the years Keanu had to struggle hard to get good roles. But his struggle paid off when he landed the role of Police Officer Jack in Speed (1994) opposite Sandra Bullock. Speed was a huge blockbuster and catapulted Keanu into the big leagues.
Keanu acted in quite a few independent films and also did not mind doing supporting roles. His biggest success till date came in the form of The Matrix. The movie was about humans being slaves of machines created by them. The humans are trapped in a computerized world called the matrix and they don’t know the reality. Keanu won accolades for his role. This movie made him into an international star. After this move Keanu has been inclined towards doing fantasy sci-fi films. His other movies have not fared well but his fantasy VFX laden movies like The Matrix Reloaded (2003) and The Matrix Revolutions (2003), Constantine (2005) and The Day the World Stood Still (2008) have done well at the box-office.
Despite being very handsome Keanu has stayed away from unnecessary controversies and link-ups. He had a stillborn daughter with girlfriend Jennifer Syme. Jennifer died in 2001 in a car accident. Keanu was once sued by a paparazzo for assault but the case was decided in Keanu’s favor.
