By Josh Duboff
Um, Whoa: Keanu Reeves will star in Generation Um, a film about a day in the life of a man (Reeves) and his “two beautiful companions” (played by Bojana Novakovic and Adelaide Clemens) as they immerse themselves in “sex, drugs and indecision.” The film is produced by Nicolas Chartier (The Hurt Locker), which means Reeves and company will no doubt be bracing themselves every time they get a new e-mail during production. [ Deadline ]
From Mama to Padre: Y tu mamá también co-stars Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna have both joined the cast of Will Ferrell’s Casa de mi Padre, the Spanish-language comedy from director Matt Piedmont. While the plot is still a mystery, the film will apparently be told in “an overly dramatic telenovela style” and will feature English subtitles. Garcia Bernal will play a family friend and Luna will play Ferrell’s brother. Just a hunch, but the two men probably won’t be participating in a Mama-style threesome in this one. [ HR ]
Crash Into Them: Dave Matthews Band will head out on a twelve-date arena tour this November. The run will kick off November 2 in Buffalo and will include a two-night stop at Madison Square Garden. Catch 'em now before they take their previously announced break from touring in 2011. [ Billboard ]
Fimmel Country: Travis Fimmel (The Beast) has signed on to join Luke Grimes and John Hawkes in the FX crime-drama pilot Outlaw Country. Fimmel will play a “hard drinking gang member” in the show, which centers on a southern organized-crime family. You may remember Fimmel from the short-lived 2003 CW series Tarzan. Fimmel is probably hoping you don't, though. [ On The Air/Variety ]
Director Drama: John McTiernan (Die Hard, The Hunt for Red October) will direct action thriller Shrapnel, a film written by Evan Daugherty about two war veterans who “hunt each other in a deadly game of cat and mouse.” One minor issue that could mess with these plans: McTiernan faces sentencing on October 4 after pleading guilty in July for making false statements to law enforcement during the investigation of Hollywood private eye Anthony Pellicano. [ Variety ]
