Get your own Free Numerology Reading Here
YOUR FOUNDATIONAL NUMBER (what it means):
This number is calculated by the addition of all the numbers present in your birthdate.  It represents the foundation upon which your destiny in this world lies. This number contains four elements representing:
Your Gift to the World - or the gifts you are given in order to accomplish your destiny
This section highlights your primary purpose and where your energies can be used to benefit not only yourself but the whole planet.
Traits of your personality
In this section you will read a description of  the fundamental Traits of your personality.  Please remember that your Foundational Number only represents one quarter of the Numerological influences you are under , so not every word maybe 100% relevant to you personally and it is important to acknowledge how other aspects such as your Soul Urge, Outer Expression and Arrows will determine how you exhibit these traits.
Non-Productive tendencies and Challenges to be overcome
We all have them to different degrees those negative, reactive behaviours that trip us up when we're feeling a bit 'out-of-balance'.  Instead of calling them Negative tendencies I have called the Non-Productive because that is exactly what they are!  No matter how you justify your negative behaviours if you stand back from the situation you will see that in the long run they never produce positive productive results.  These are your challenges in life and it is up to you to first recognise them and then make the appropriate behavioural changes to overcome them.  It may take some practice but I can assure you it is well worth the effort!
Suitable Vocations for individuals with this Foundational Number
Please be open minded about the vocations suggested.  There are no hard and fast rules in this.  These suggested avenues are based on the predispositions found within your Foundational Number, but life takes many turns and you are ultimately a creature of free will.  For instance Artistic or Creative pursuits may be indicated and you have held the belief throughout your life that your not Artistic.  Our early lives have much impact on our belief systems and it may well be that this natural talent was never nurtured by those around you and never allowed to develop.  Maybe it's time to explore those talents and discover your potential - after all Grandma Mosses did start to paint till she was 72! Remember your Suitable Vocation will also be effected greatly by the interaction of influences that your Soul Urge and Outer Expression numbers provide.
We are all travellers on the road of life and each of us has our own path to travel at our own pace.  Your Foundational Number represents your primary life purpose and provides the theme for your overall life experience.  Once we embrace and integrate our 'reason for being' we no longer seek excuses, blame others or deny personal responsibility.  Then we travel our personal path with knowledge of what our primary path looks like and thus avoiding unnecessary detours.  Then the journey will be travelled with excitement, joy and renewed energy
YOUR GIFT TO THE WORLD:
You are one of the great doers of the world with a natural flair for practical solutions.  With this skill you will bring form and structure to the world.  You may not be one of the "visionaries" of the world but you are the one whose efforts can be of benefit in building a solid base for the future - yours is for all humankind.
TRAITS:
You get great satisfaction from seeing the practical results of your efforts.  You posses perseverance, stability, honesty and are systematic, reliable and trustworthy.  With your great attention to detail you can display extraordinary patience.  But where intellectual or spiritual matters are concerned you can get impatient and see these things as a waste of valuable time when you could be out there doing. You most likely love children but if you get saddled with a 'wafty, dreamy' teenager you'll find it extremely hard to relate to them and probably not have much tolerance for 'all that nonsense".  You are good in all financial matters and insist that all matters pertaining to finance are well organised.  You are thrifty and believe the adage, 'take care of your money and your money will take care of you".  All your decisions are based on logic, concrete facts and experience.  You enjoy expressing yourself physically and relate well to all physical aspects of life.  Your best expression is through organisational and physical work.  You have a tendency to be materialistic and quite conservative in your outlook.
NON-PRODUCTIVE TENDENCIES AND CHALLENGES TO  OVERCOME:
You could well become a bit of a workaholic and could well become neglectful of the other aspects of your life like family and friends.  Do take time out for relaxation and try to keep in touch with your mental and spiritual development.  This will prevent you from becoming narrow-minded, obsessional, ridged and dogmatic.  If unwanted change threatens your lifestyle (be this at work or home) your likely to become possessive, critical and suspicious.
It is really important for you to develop in the emotional aspect of your life.  Remember if you are not emotionally secure in this world you will be unable to properly fulfil your purpose in this life, which is "practical service".  You need to develop love, awareness, tolerance and wisdom. The key to your growth is to share with the world the knowledge you have gained. An ideal way of facilitating this growth is through teaching or training others.  Every day, every week, aim to strive for balancing your practicality with your mental and spiritual nature this will lead to joy, satisfaction and growth.
SUITABLE VOCATIONS:
Your have the ability to be a master craftsman, skilled trades person, physician or chiropractor.  Many teachers of manual arts, sports and fitness and well as authors of technical books are FOUNDATIONAL 4's.  Any employer can rely upon your ability, steadiness, honesty and sense of responsibility. Remember that your Soul Urge Number and your Outer Expression Number will greatly influence your choice of career
SOUL URGE NUMBER:
Your Soul Urge Number has been calculated from the numerical value of the vowels in your name.  It represents your inner feelings and the more subtle aspects of your spiritual sensitivities and your inner strengths.  It speaks of your innermost drives and motivations - your dreams.  These are usually expressed in feelings, emotions, desires.   Your Soul Number represents what your inner secret self desires to be.  Most people keep these desires locked away and do little to bring them to fruition.  Some people stumble around attempting to 'make their dream' come true. However few in this world at present have the drive combined with insight and self knowledge to realise these hidden dreams and allow them to manifest into reality on the physical plane.
Many people alive on this planet today ignore their Soul Urge and live grey, unsatisfied lives because of it.  People see them and say 'how can they be unsatisfied they have everything?'  But no one is truly happy until they start on the road to expressing their Soul Urge -  after all that's why we're here
SOUL URGE 9:
This number implies that you possess a strong inner desire for humanitarian causes.  The power of this Soul Urge should be utilised for altruistic purposes only.
You are here to live in accord with your highest integrity, to align your life with your heart's intuitive wisdom, and to inspire others by your example.    The challenges you will face in life will revolve around issues of integrity and wisdom.  Spiritual laws lie at the heart of your Soul's destiny. You access this wisdom through your heart centre - not through words or through the mind, but through your subtle feeling-dimension.  As you contact your own feelings, the quiet wisdom of your heart will guide you well.  But your heart can only guide you when you "get out of your head" and learn to trust your heart's wisdom.
Deep within you is a drive to provide an example of integrity, but you have to contact your feeling dimension, your heartfelt intuition - where spirit speaks directly to you.  The highest spiritual wisdom cannot be found in any book or in the mind alone.  Spiritual wisdom comes to you through your intuitive feeling sense.    Learn to check your decisions based on 'how you feel' rather than on any logical response.  Find your own inner integrity! It highly possible that you do not relate to structured religious or spiritual themes. Yet, at the deepest recesses of your being you resonate with an ancient global lineage of sages, priests and priestesses searching for inspiration from within.
You may unconsciously ignore your inherent wisdom in order to learn the lessons of life, so that you can better guide others by sharing these experiences.  But you must come to understand that you cannot escape the necessity of teaching by example.
Spiritual laws are not about right or wrong. They are about truth and consequences.  For you to align with these laws, entails surrendering to the part of yourself that is loving, courageous, compassionate and wise.  Whatever form or appearance your life takes, this calling whispers to you; it underlies every search, whether for money, fame, love or meaning.  Once you start paying attention to the Higher Will that your here to serve, life may not become easier, but it certainly will become more joyous and meaningful as you connect to a new lightness of being.
Become a good example for others by staying centred in an internal space that is courageous, altruistic, generous, compassionate and wise.  Since the Laws of Spirit are written in the heart, it is vital for you to develop a connection with your inner knowing.  Find your feeling centre and be guided by the wisdom you find within your heart.  Then you will live in integrity and life will become more effortless, powerful and meaningful Start acknowledging  and nurturing your Soul Urge and you will find that once again there is an increase of energy and joy.   Our innermost dreams should be watered and nurtured as one would a garden.  Then they can be created in outer reality and exist in our world as truth! - Remember to regularly pour water on you dreams.  This water is the water of desire, expectation and action.
TAKE SOME TIME NOW AND CONSIDER HOW YOUR SOUL URGE HAS AFFECTED YOUR LIFE.
Having read about your Soul Urge Number take some time to write down your personal observations.
1:      How did you react to reading your Soul Urge? Did it ring any bells?
Write down the positives and the negatives.
What things do you feel strongly about in your life at present?
How do these align with your Soul Urge....
2:      Does this Soul Urge have any relevance to fantasies, daydreams or dreams you had as a child?
Now take a look at what you've got.  Are you denying expression of this Soul Urge?  Ask you self these questions: -  If I put energy into creating my desired life what would it be?
Is it close to your life now or is it a far cry?
I'm not sure if you believe in reincarnation or not but let me suggest this:
If you don't strive to express your Soul Urge this time round and get side tracked from what you are here to create and learn, then it's highly likely you'll face a second, third and fourth round under this vibration till you do.  Speaking of past lives there is something I feel I should mention at this point.  Soul Urge numbers relate to your Soul so quite likely  there will be past life experiences associated with it.  Many people experience quite irrational fear when confronted with the prospect of stepping into the dominion of their Soul Urge.  There's a really good reason for this.  Take a look at the history books and legends and religious texts of our society.  This world isn't renowned for its nice treatment of those who are expressing their Soul purpose.  Noah got heaps from his neighbours for building the ark.  Nine million European woman died in a three hundred year period by being variously tortured and burnt as witches.  Every single one of us carries scars from previous incarnations in which we attempted to express our Soul Urge and got persecuted for it.  Now is the time in human history for as many as possible to overcome these fears and transmute them to become who we truly are at the very core of our being.
3:      Remember and write down at least one time in your life when you have strived to express your Soul Urge.
How did you feel?
What were you energy levels like?
4:      Remember and write down at least one time in your life when you have participated in a scenario totally at odds with your Soul Urge?
How did you feel?
What happened to your energy level?
How did you react?
Which situation gave you the better long term results?
At this point you may have this inner voice saying1/4."excuse me I'm not playing this game - last time I was burnt at the stake!" (if you're a male reading this don't think yourself exempt many a male alive today have experienced previous incarnations as females).
5:      Now take a look at a current situation in your life.
How do you feel about this situation?
How can you best introduce the positive potential of your Soul Urge?
What is it that you fear will happen if you do?
If there a way to ensure that your subsequent actions and behaviour align with your     Foundational Purpose and your Soul Urge combined
OUTER EXPRESSION NUMBER:
Your outer expression number has been calculated from the numerical value of the consonants of your name.  It represents the Outer persona that you present to the world.  Like the packaging of a product! This is the you that everyone sees as opposed to your Soul Urge which for most people remains hidden from others.  People usually assess you by your Outer Expression and of course this will colour their expectations of you, based on merely outer appearances.  What happens if the Outer Expression number fails to support the Foundational or Soul Urge numbers?  Probably  you find that people complain that you are not who you appear to be. Therefore it is most important understand the synergy or relationship dynamics between your Soul Urge, Foundational Number and your Outer Expression.
OUTER EXPRESSION NUMBER 7:
Your Outer Expression Number that you seem to be the philosopher, mystic, poet, thinker, scientist and researcher whose temporary withdrawals allow time for further probing.
You have a strong compulsion for doing things yourself. There is an air of mystery and secrecy  about you. You are strongly motivated toward personal involvement and learning on you own terms and in your own way.  You much prefer a personal sense of achievement and the satisfaction of discovering for yourself the better course of action - rather than being taught by others.
This give you the appearance of being a loner, enjoying your moments of solitude away from the crowds. Nature and periodic trips into the woods, or time spent by the seashore, provide the proper climate for your philosophic temperament..
A keen power of observation aides you in mentally analysing any situation.  You have an aristocratic air, a personal dignity and a refined manner and seem to posses an unshakeable faith in the future.
If you become tangled in materialism, you will find only disappointment and lose your poise and become frustrated, gloomy and withdrawn.  Confusion, fear and pessimism then take over.
You are neat, well groomed, and inclined towards wearing pastels or dark shades.  You avoid loud or brilliant colours and dress in good taste.  If you become unhappy, you are then indifferent to the way you dress, and neglect the so-called petty details of colour, harmony and matching outfits.
Neptune governs this vibration and its influence is reflected in a highly sensitive personality that may respond to everyday events in an emotional manner. Or taking offence where none is intended.  The fact that you are quite psychic may cause others to be wary of you, such reactions serving to increase your sense of isolation.  This can lead to your retreating from the harsh realities of the physical world into a mental ivory tower.  If you wish to retain your hold on sanity you should control this tendency.
You have the potential to become a benefactor of the race, utilising your uncanny abilities to guide or direct those who are lost or confused.  Provided that you do so in a down-to-earth manner and do not deliberately set out to create an air of mystique, you will gradually become accepted.  A sense of humour would be of great advantage to you as you will be called upon to make a personal sacrifice at some stage during your life
Now take some time and consider how your Outer Expression Number effects your dealings with the world.
At present are you expressing the positive or negative aspects of you Outer Expression Number?
NOW FOR THE BIG THREE QUESTIONS:  Take some time with this section. Once you understand these dynamics you are going to make your life a whole lot easier!  Working with your strengths, accepting your weaknesses and understanding how you function on many levels will bring illumination into your life.  The Oracle of Delphi has carved above its entrance..."Know thyself".  So this is your big chance.   Don't leave it till later - do it now!
Write down the factors point by point under each of these headings:
In what way can my Outer Expression Number support my Soul Urge?
How does my Foundational Number become externalised through the persona, indicated by my Outer Expression Number?
How can I utilise these various aspects of myself for the betterment of all?
MORE UNIQUE DIMENSIONS OF YOUR CHARACTER:
There are many calculations used to highlight your unique characteristics these are very influential in the formation and development of your character.
One of these consists of certain combinations of numbers are found in your birth chart and are calculated by the presence or lack of specific numbers.  We call these Facets: These act in a synergistic manner that create specific and very unique personality traits.  Some of these represent areas of strength, and some represent deficiencies that can be overcome by using the strengths already apparent by the other numbers present in your birth chart.
Please be mindful that even seemingly negative aspects of your character serve to create an environment for personal growth.  Where deficiencies exist, look for the hidden gift in this.....if you search you will find that there is always an opportunity even in apparent negativity.  The power of your original birth chart is not nearly as important as what you do to overcome the challenges you have set yourself.  Some of the most successful people in history have had very challenging charts.  Their success has only come about by developing the qualities in which they were originally deficient in.  That is the purpose of life - to evolve.
Facet of Investigation:
You always start off as the unbeliever and have an initial negativity to anything new.  You always insist on looking into matters for yourself. But once you have proved things to yourself you will express enthusiastic acceptance.  If, on the other hand your research uncover contradictory information you will discard that situation or belief forever.  The linking of these numbers creates the potential for a deep spiritual awareness which is the vital foundation for a balanced, practical philosophy on life.  This awareness supports growth through personal experience.
It is your nature to investigate things thoroughly and to pursue answers for yourself.  Many scientists' posses the Facet of the Investigator as they have the inborn drive to methodically investigate their subject.  Generally, you will start your research from the platform of basic convention which is where you feel most at ease.
You have an inborn sense of fairness and justice.  As a child you could have expressed your scepticism through moodiness.  You had a need for peace and rowdy television shows or rowdy friends would have greatly disturbed your sense of inner peace.  If you were upset as a child you would have turned inwards in an attempt to seclude yourself as a means of regaining your mental and emotional equilibrium.  If your parents withdrew their love as a form of punishment it is likely that you reacted by being distant and maybe even vicious.  If this is the case, how does this effect your current relationships?
There is a tendency for you to neglect the deeper philosophical aspects of human life. How this presents itself will depend upon your Foundation and Soul Urge Number.  If orthodox religion, science or politics have proven insufficient or inadequate for you during your life you may have developed an hostile outlook.  This can lead to a disenchantment with life and people. You generally prefer not to take advice from others.  There is a inclination for too much theorising here and this could bring sadness in your early life.  This sadness however will most likely inspire you to develop your sense of purpose and further unfold your deeper understanding of life.
Misgivings and uncertainties concerning life can easily lead to too much scepticism. Are you too sceptical for your own good?  If  so, you could become a victim of your worry and this could induce headaches and other head related problems.
Develop your sense of purpose by finding those areas of disenchantment. By working to improve them for the world you will find great satisfaction and joy.  Learn to have a stronger compassion towards all living things. Improve the deeper aspects of your self-expression through the creative arts of writing, art or music.  Give meditation a try, because once you realise that your not limited to your five senses you will uncover a whole new universe to investigate!
With your profound experiences come a deep inner power, a calm certainty and serenity that radiates from you.  Others may comment that merely being around you gives them a sense of serenity and peace.
Now take some time and reflect on a few more questions and write down your answers.
Do any of my personal Facets support me in my life?
Do my Facets stop me from getting what I want out of life?
If they do then ask yourself:
How can I best utilise these aspects of my character to support me on my journey?
What positive benefits for personal growth can be attained from them?
Existing Periods of opportunities:
Throughout your life you go through nine year cycles of opportunities for development and personal growth each year is represented by your Personal Year Number.  These energies influence and provide the focus for that 12 month period.  When you recognize the influence that we are under at any particular time in our life it ceases to be such a roller coaster ride.  If you work with the energy of the time you will find that you achieve far more than working against it.
In addition to these Personal Year Numbers there are four major Gateways we experience throughout our lives.  Your personal Gateways will always coincide with a Personal Year of 9.  This is timely and appropriate as Personal Year 9 is about resolution and change.  Your first Gateway will open somewhere between 29 and 34 years of age as it is dependant on your Foundational number.  These Gateways provide a specific focus at different periods of your life.  These Gateways are very important for your personal development.  The number of your Gateway will provide additional opportunities for your evolution in this life.  It's energy and influence will be felt for approximately three years following the year it commences.  So be prepared to approach each Gateway and utilise that incoming energy and focus to improve your life circumstances.
32 years old: YOUR FIRST GATEWAY is Number 11
PERSONAL GATEWAY 11:
This period of your life will be focussed on intuitively inspired action. This is a Gateway of spiritual unfoldment. It is a fairly narrow Gateway to travel through and many demands will be made on you.  The Universe will demand that you exhibit compassion, temperance and total integrity.  As I said it's a fairly narrow Gateway to slip through, maybe we should call it a crack instead. But take heart you would not have incarnated with this Gateway in your life unless you were capable of fulfilling these most rigorous of standards.
Temperance is an expression of balance and following 'the middle path' in all things.  So, if your to navigate through this Gateway successfully and reach your highest spiritual potential I advise daily meditation and regular exercise.  Seek to balance everything in your life and eliminate all excesses
41 years old: YOUR SECOND GATEWAY is Number 4
PERSONAL GATEWAY 4:
This period of your life will be focussed on increasing your material power. Its up to you what you do with this opportunity, but if you are prepared to work hard and stay in your integrity the rewards will be enormous.
This is a time for creating order in your life.  Be prepared to spend time sorting out past mistakes.  Your opportunity here is to build a strong foundation for the rest of your life.  So, if the foundations aren't solid, the cracks will certainly show up during this phase. It's a time to attend to all those boring mundane things that you've most likely been putting off. So get your nose to the grindstone and start building those solid foundations for the years to come.
Creating a  sound Structure is necessary for the coming years. So make plans, set goals and for goodness sake follow them through! It's through system and order that you will create success.  Quality not quantity is the important focus as you travel through this Gateway.  Work on what you do best and you will excel in many other areas of your life.  There's no time for slacking off present, so get yourself some good vitamins and make sure you are physically up to the tasks at hand.
This is a time for clearing out all mercenary or negative attitudes towards material pleasures.  So keep a wary eye on your motives.  You'll find that if you are coming from a selfish focus then all your hard work will come to very little in the end.  This could quite likely cause a severe strain on your immune system and health problems could be the result.
Please don't attempt any major new steps into lifestyle changes as it will very likely end in material loss. Instead, look to the foundations of your life and make sure they are solid. It's a time for tidying up loose ends and completing things that have been left undone for too long.  This is all in preparation for the changes to come in your life, so make sure all your t's are crossed and your I's are dotted
50 years old: YOUR THIRD GATEWAY is Number 6
PERSONAL GATEWAY 6:
This period of your life will be focussed on creative development.  This creative development will in most cases be directed towards the home, family and love. There are changes occurring in your home. People may come and go, or you may change your residence.
You may choose to marry now or develop strong ties of friendship that bond you to someone.  This period of your life may well see you become the leaning post for others. So be prepared to put your personal feelings aside and be there for them when they need your support.  But don't martyr yourself to the situation.
Love and harmony are important focuses as you pass through this Gateway and could well trigger your artistic senses.  Putting your house in order is appropriate. So get out the paint brushes and choose a new colour for the living room or learn about Feng Shui and move the furniture round to create more harmonious surroundings for yourself and your family.
This period of your life is about love and compassion, its a time of the heart.  So, commence each day with loving thoughts and let that carry you through till the next.  During this period you may find your nesting urge comes to the fore and your focus will be on home and family life.  This Gateway isn't one for huge accomplishments, it will lead you back to  home and hearth.  This can be a loving, rewarding and creative period of your life, so maintain your balance and harmony.  Make your home attractive and welcoming and people will come to just to be with you.
You may find that you can't help yourself.  The urge to play house and make babies or get married will be overwhelming.  So make sure you've selected an appropriate mate for the task.  Don't let this heady air of Love blind you to realities.
Adjustments may have to be made but you will certainly reap the rewards from developing your ability to give and take.  Act responsibly! See to your duties with honesty, and success will be yours.  Progress will be slow and steady but it will be yours.  This year you could well see a rise in pay or unexpected wealth coming your way.
If you are living in a harmonious way this year then you'll find that like magic money appears.  But if your life is functioning on the other side of the coin then your finances may well disappear.  Financial gains this year will only be made through safe investments such as land or Blue Ribbon stocks.  This is not a time to risk money gambling, loan out money or travel, stay close to your nest and start feathering it
59 years old: YOUR FOURTH GATEWAY is Number 11
PERSONAL GATEWAY 11:
This period of your life will be focussed on intuitively inspired action. This is a Gateway of spiritual unfoldment. It is a fairly narrow Gateway to travel through and many demands will be made on you.  The Universe will demand that you exhibit compassion, temperance and total integrity.  As I said it's a fairly narrow Gateway to slip through, maybe we should call it a crack instead. But take heart you would not have incarnated with this Gateway in your life unless you were capable of fulfilling these most rigorous of standards.
Temperance is an expression of balance and following 'the middle path' in all things.  So, if your to navigate through this Gateway successfully and reach your highest spiritual potential I advise daily meditation and regular exercise.  Seek to balance everything in your life and eliminate all excesses
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER
Throughout your life you go through nine year cycle of opportunities for development and personal growth each year is represented by your Personal Year Number.  These energies influence and provide the focus for that 12 month period.  When you recognize the influence that we are under at any particular time in our life it ceases to be such a mystery.  If you work with the energy of the time you will find that you achieve far more than working against it.
1997 - PERSONAL YEAR 1:
This is a year when your dreams really can come true but you need to be organised and plan ahead to see them manifest into reality. This is an excellent year for breaking free of old habits.  You have the opportunity for commencing a new lifestyle if you wish. So adaptation is the key word this year.
There may be a severing of old ties, but do not grieve. This is timely and relevant  - all things can be made anew.
This is a great year for getting things done, especially in the areas of growth and expression.  The energy of this year encourages you to dare to be different as you improve your self-confidence.  Independent action will bring many rewards. You will stand out from the crowd. Don't try to be one of the pack this year. It will only serve to reduce your energy levels.
Your energy levels will be soaring with this burst of  new energy. Make sure you utilise it to broaden your horizons.  Any new people that come into your life this year will eventually turn out to be helpful to you in the future.
Be prepared for new romances this year because true love often comes knocking in a 1 year.  Any new romance that comes your way will start with a mental attraction, so don't expect the fire in the belly romance that starts with just one glance. Remember, long lasting relationships start by being built on a solid base and mental affinity is a great place to commence.  Babies are made and new life can be injected into existing relationships.
This is a powerful year for increasing your finances and for buying and selling on a large scale, for example real estate. This is not a good year to go lending money however. Be clear that your motivations are genuinely for the good of all concerned. That way you will ensure long lasting success for yourself.  If you succumb to personal greed you will find that any gains this year shall slip through your fingers just as quickly as they came in. This is also a time of many new creative ideas. It may seem that sometimes your head is simply spinning with plans and ideas.  If you are involved in the creative arts, this year will prove very significant. Most likely you will take a major new turn in your creativity.  Long trips are not well aspected for you this year
PERSONAL MONTH
Each month of your life is also numbered and exerts its own influence under the umbrella of your Personal Year Number.  Working with your monthly influences enhances your ability to obtain maximum impact in your life.
May 1997
PERSONAL MONTH 6:
This month the focus is on your domestic circle, your home, your family and your community.  There are changes occurring in your home. People may come and go, or you may change your residence.
You may choose to marry now or develop strong ties of friendship that bond you to someone.  This month may well see you become the leaning post for others. So be prepared to put your personal feelings aside and be there for them when they need your support.  But don't martyr yourself to the situation.
Love and harmony are important this month and could well trigger your artistic senses.  Putting your house in order is appropriate this month. So get out the paint brushes and choose a new colour for the living room or learn about Feng Shui and move the furniture round to create more harmonious surroundings for yourself and your family.
This month is about love and compassion, its a month of the heart.  So, commence each day with loving thoughts and let that carry you through till the next.  During this month you may find your nesting urge comes to the fore and your focus will be on home and family life.  This month isn't one for huge accomplishments, its a month for home and hearth.  This can be a loving, rewarding and creative month for you, so maintain your balance and harmony.  Make your home attractive and welcoming and people will come to just to be with you.
You may find that you can't help yourself.  The urge to play house and make babies or get married will be overwhelming.  So make sure you've selected an appropriate mate for the task.  Don't let this heady air of Love blind you to realities.
Adjustments may have to be made but you will certainly reap the rewards from developing your ability to give and take.  Act responsibly! See to your duties with honesty, and success will be yours.  Progress will be slow and steady but it will be yours.  This month you could well see a rise in pay or unexpected wealth coming your way.
If you are living in a harmonious way this month then you'll find that like magic money appears.  But if your life is functioning on the other side of the coin then your finances may well disappear.  Financial gains this month will only be made through safe investments such as land or Blue Ribbon stocks.  This is not a month to risk money gambling, loan out money or travel, stay close to your nest and start feathering it
June 1997
PERSONAL MONTH 7:
This month is a time for rest and reflection, so become quiet and receptive.  Let your thoughts turn to your goals, projects and relationships.  Spend some time by yourself and write down your thoughts. You must pace yourself wisely, rest and take care of your physical body.  Any excesses at this time could result in illness.  Nothing major, but just enough to slow you down, because the time at had demands it and there's not a thing you can do about it.  So, don't get frustrated. Just sit tight and wait things out.
You may be inspired by dreams and intuition now but you will need the quiet time to hear these inner promptings.  So if you are unfamiliar with listening to your subconscious by using your intuition take some courses to develop these most needed skills. Try some Yoga, meditation, Astrology or Numerology. These will help relax you and give you a deeper understanding of the world and yourself.
It's also a good time to learn and master skills that will aid you in your professional life.  Don't push your financial resource this month. It's not a time for impulsive action.  It's a time for completion and attainment, so look at the consequences of your actions.  Matters may mysteriously complete themselves without any personal effort on your behalf this month, so sit back and let things work themselves out. This is a time to spend alone in quiet contemplation of your life as it now stands and any dross must be cleared for you to make progress.  You will find that time spent in nature will be very soothing for you and you should seek this as often as is practicable.  This is the month to take a long hard look at your Soul Urge number and start formulating ways of bringing this expression of your inner potenial out into the world.  Self discipline and inner strength are called for this month and as I said before: "Regular meditation wouldn't be a bad thing either".
Be patient with others and don't be critical.  If you find yourself getting picky and critical, stop and check your own inner workings.  It's a sure fire clue that there are some internal issues at stake.
This would be a perfect month to take a holiday or a long weekend in the country or lazing on a beach. Let yourself recuperate, preferably close to nature as you will return feeling a new sense of clarity towards your circumstances and be ready for the action ahead next month.
This is not a good time for signing legal documents or agreements. Leave them till next month.  If you must however, make sure you get an expert in the field to check for loopholes and look at the implications of it from all angles.
This is a month of 'instant karma' so if you are not functioning for the highest good, you may well find the Universe slams you on your butt to put you back into place.  Look to your Soul Urge number to remind yourself what your path is and aim yourself in that direction.  It's time for the dead wood to fall from the tree to make way for new growth in the coming months.  Don't become impatient and try and make things happen. You'll find that if you do, your in for hard work with little reward to show at the end of the month.  The energies of this month will bring you many opportunities to share your acquired knowledge with others. You may find yourself magically placed in the position of guide.  Do this with patience and humility and you will build the foundation for success in the following months.
Romantically this month you need love and understanding  because your urge to go off by yourself will be overwhelming and appropriate.  Treat loved ones with care and respect this month because with the energies surrounding you this month a parting of the ways could ensue.
Success this month depends on patience, hard work and persistence.  Any selfish ambitions will fail. Hasty ill timed action will only lead to frustration.  Next month will bode better for new adventures, so be patent.  This is a month to start searching the mysteries of life. Learning the practice of meditation or some esoteric art such as Numerology or Astrology will only deepen your understanding of yourself and others.
As I said before: "This month would be an ideal time to have a holiday in some secluded place - no adventures this month just lots of peace and quiet.
July 1997
PERSONAL MONTH 8:
You will receive exactly what you deserve this month. Success on the material level will be yours, so remember to be efficient, organised and focussed on results.  What is your desired outcome? Whatever you receive this month will be through your past efforts. Make sure all loose ends are tied up.  Attention to detail is important so don't fob jobs off onto others. Do them yourself to make sure they are done correctly the first time.  Don't get side tracked by your emotions you must stay focused to improve your situation this month. Recognition and reward will come only if you've applied yourself this month.  You may well find new opportunities or a new job this month.
So, if you have prepared the ground, selected and sown your seed wisely your harvest should be a very good one indeed.  You may get the pay increase or promotion you were looking for but with it will come extra responsibility.
Maybe you've been formulating a new business venture? This is the time to start building a solid foundation for your commercial undertakings.
Your inner drive for physical accomplishment will be very strong this month so be cautious and expend your energies wisely.
If in the past you have sown the seeds of love and concern for someone you may well find that this also brings rewards.
Because the Number 8 is about power, you may find that your love life is also subject to power plays.  Try not to dominate others this month or you may miss the boat.  This month of power is about dominion not domination. You may find that during this period matters of the heart also become hard work.
Your shopping sprees this month could reach epic proportions but finances should be there to cover them.  If you do get to travel this month it will most likely be work related.  So pamper yourself with some quality time off and get away for a leisurely break
August 1997
PERSONAL MONTH 9:
This month will take place very quickly! So stay focussed and keep on track. It's a month for "out with the old and in with the new".  It's again time to clean out your cupboards both physically and metaphorically.   Eliminate all things that don't serve you and give you joy.  Travel would be good for the soul this month. It would give you time to think and separate yourself  from your circumstances. It is vitally important now to see everything clearly.
Present friendships can be cemented and made more enduring. You may receive gifts this month. Don't get caught up in emotions! And don't hang on to the past, it will only result in discontentment.  It's time to look forward with joy and high expectations.
Many goals may be realised this month and you should attempt to finish all projects that are close to completion.  Don't make any new commitments this month.  This is a time of endings....next month is the month of new beginnings.
It's a month of squaring off old debts and for extending the hand of peace to anyone with whom you might be at odds with.  You may find that your more humanitarian instincts come to the for this month.  This is a time to 'love thy neighbour as thyself'.
It is a magical month and you will find yourself transported to some wonderful delightful adventures.  You may find that you attract the unexpected this month.  As I said: "It's a big month for endings", so don't halt your process by trying to hold on to things that are no longer appropriate for you.  If you do you will only find that things grind to a halt.. Life has the reins this month, so let go and let the universe take action.  Let life weave its magic ... trust in the process.
It's a time for completion and fulfilment.  So spring cleaning is the order of the day.  It's time to clean out everything that no longer serves you - people, places, ideas and possessions.  Bless them by acknowledging the value they once had in your life, release them and let them go with love and understanding. This is appropriate to allow space for the new energies that are coming your way.  Your romantic life could resemble a soap opera this month full of colour, drama and conflicts.  Remember it is a time of separating paths and new opportunities.  So hold on to your hat, you are in for a bit of a wild ride!   Old flames may return and create chaos.   This is a time to tie up any loose ends.   Those without love in their life will surely find romance this month.
September 1997
PERSONAL MONTH 1:
This is a month of new beginnings so make sure that any loose ends that are hanging around are well and truly tied. This is an excellent month for breaking free of old habits.   Try to remain open to new ideas and allow new concepts for self development to take hold. Your energy levels will be soaring. This burst of  new energy should be utilised to broaden your horizons.  Any new people that come into your life this month will eventually turn out to be helpful to you in the future - so treat them well. Your dreams really can come true but you need to be organised and plan ahead to see them manifest into reality. If you can get your attention fixed on a goal you will have the necessary energy available to you to attain it.
Remember to keep your thought positive because this months particularly where your attention is that is what you will create.  So if your someone who worries constantly about negative things happening to you.....watch out they probably will......not because it is an bad month, nor because people are out to get you.....simply because you have bought it on yourself.
You have the ability to separate yourself from your situation and take independent charge of your own life this month. You may be required to stand alone, to think for yourself and to learn independence. Are you ready to take on that responsibility?  Because if your are you have the chance to choose and make your own path. Make sure your decisions align with your Soul Urge and Foundational Number and you will create a path to fulfilment. Your most important experiences this month will be the ones that you personally initiate.  So don't sit back waiting for it all to happen, get in there an do it!
It's a good month to develop new skills. Promote your ideas and believe in yourself.  Remain independent and decisive, and above all, have the courage to act on your dreams.
Be prepared for new romances this month because true love often comes knocking in a 1 month. This month you may possibly meet someone who will figure prominently in your life for some time ahead. So be selective and don't participate in any superficial relationships.  Any new romance that comes your way will start with a mental attraction, so don't expect the "fire in the belly" romance that starts with just one glance. Remember long lasting relationships usually commence by being built on a solid base, and mental affinity is a great place to start.  Babies are also made under these energies and "new life" in all its variations can be injected into existing relationships
October 1997
PERSONAL MONTH 2:
This is a time of co-operation, diplomacy and self-knowledge.  Be patient this month as it is a time of gestation, slow and steady growth. But it's not a time to sit back .  One step at a time is a very good idea this month, no racing ahead of yourself.  Collect and process your experiences from the past and give them time to grow into something new. This is a passive, receptive time in which you will greatly benefit from reflecting and listening to the voice deep within. Don't become a victim to unhappy memories from the past, instead use the wisdom you've gained from these situations to help guide you now and in the future. Instant results are rare in this month, so be prepared to sit back once the seeds are planted, for the harvest may not be reaped for some time. The future may seem unclear at the present moment for you are like a chrysalis at this stage.  Go with the energies of the time, be patient and you will surely emerge the butterfly.
Put off any major decision making till next month.  Use diplomacy in all your dealings and be cautious about who and where you place your confidence.  There may be meetings this month and you would be wise to keep your hopes and ambitions to yourself.
This is a great month for romance as the Number Two refers to partnerships.  But things may fluctuate, this month is all about receiving and giving. This month is about balancing yourself out. It's timely to embrace calmness and seek some spiritual pursuits.  Look at taking a course of action that will focus on developing your emotional control and spiritual awareness. Of course the most appropriate course of action is to start meditating on a regular basis.  If you have never meditated before this is an ideal time to start, as you will make much progress along these lines.  You may find that your intuition is functioning better than ever at this time....so take the opportunity to check into those hunches.
If you are creative this month will let you access those hidden realms that are vital to creativity. Teamwork will bring great rewards, so if you can learn to be diplomatic and tactful much will be accomplished
This is a sample contents of our extensive Numerology Readings.
