Tweet
Whoa!
The Toronto Star reports that Matrix star Keanu Reeves is being sued by a Barrie, Ontario, woman who’s seeking child support for her four kids.
Karen Sala, 46, filed a request in an Ontario court on Monday to force Reeves to provide a DNA sample in an effort to establish paternity. The first court date for the case is set for July 6.
Sala claims that she has known Reeves, 44, since he was seven and she was nine, and that she briefly lived with the Reeves family after running away from home. With her children now aged from 20 to 25, Sala says they want to know the truth about who their real father is, and she needs money to fund their secondary education.
Also, apparently, she’s just plain angry with Reeves over his alleged shirking of his supposed responsibility.
“I’m pissed. I just want him to stand up and be a man,” Sala declared in an interview this week.
Sala, who is acting as her own attorney, is seeking child support of $150,000 per month, retroactive to June 1988, as well as $3 million per month in spousal support retroactive to November 2006.
Cheryl Maisel, a spokesperson for Reeves, has issued a statement denying the allegations that reads, “Karen Sala’s allegations are completely false and absurd. Mr. Reeves has no knowledge of who she is.”
Adds Paul Knell, Reeves’ Los Angeles business manager, “Before you disparage my client and lend validity to this, there’s clearly something wrong with someone who claims child support after all the kids have grown. I’m just pointing that out.”
However, Salas’ childhood friend, Connie Harten, backs up her assertion that she and Reeves had a relationship.
“She used to come up and visit me, and she brought him with her a couple of times,” Harten claims. “They were very close. I got the impression something was going on. I didn’t ask questions.”
Salas, who claims to have carried on an affair with Reeves both before and during her marriage, admits that she doesn’t know exactly how many of her children allegedly belong to Reeves. She does, however, note that at least one of them bears a resemblance to the actor.
Though born in Beirut, Lebanon, Reeves lived in Toronto with his mother before moving to Hollywood in the late ’80s.
Have your say in the comments section: Do you think there might be a litter of mini-Keanus running around up in Canada?
