Personal_life_and_other_interests
Reeves' star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame
For nearly a decade following his initial rise to stardom, Reeves preferred to live in rental houses and hotels. He was a long-term resident of the Chateau Marmont  . Reeves bought his first house in the Hollywood Hills  of Los Angeles around 2003. He also has an apartment on Central Park West in New York City.[citation needed]
Reeves is a Buddhist  .He holds Canadian citizenship by naturalization  . Since April 30, 2003, he has been entitled to British citizenship  by having an English-born  mother. Reeves grew up as a Canadian and identifies as such. To date, he has never married. In December 1999, Reeves' girlfriend Jennifer Syme  gave birth to a stillborn  daughter, Ava Archer Syme-Reeves. Jennifer died in 2001, sole driver involved in an automobile wreck, while partying in Los Angeles.
Reeves was sued unsuccessfully in 2008 in Los Angeles Superior Court  for $711,974by paparazza  Alison Silva for allegedly hitting and injuring him with his Porsche  after visiting a relative at a Los Angeles medical facility.The paparazzo's lawsuit took a year and a half to make it to trial, during which time Silva continued to attack Reeves and demand payment. At the trial, all 12 jurors rejected the suit needing only an hour of deliberation to reach their verdict. With the lawsuit rejected, Reeves was cleared of all the charges.
In 2010, photos of a sad-looking Keanu Reeves eating a sandwich while all alone, led to the spread of the "Keanu is Sad/Sad Keanu" meme and the declaration of June 15 as "Unofficial Cheer-up Keanu Day".
Music
Reeves has played bass guitar in the grunge  band Dogstar  during the 1990s. In the 2000s, he has performed with the band Becky.
Early_life
Reeves was born in Beirut, Lebanon  , the son of Patricia Bond (née Taylor), a costume designer/performer, and Samuel Nowlin Reeves, Jr., a geologist  .Reeves's mother is English  , and his father is an American  of English  , Hawaiian  , Chinese  , and Portuguese  descent.Reeves's mother was working in Beirut when she met his father. Reeves' father worked as an unskilled laborer and earned his GED  while imprisoned in Hawaii for selling heroin  at Hilo International Airport  .He abandoned his wife and family when Reeves was three years old, and Reeves does not currently have any relationship with him.Reeves was named for an uncle, Henry Keanu Reeves. "Keanu" in Hawaiian meansthe coldness.[citation needed]When Reeves first arrived in Hollywood  , his agent thought his first name was too exotic, so during the early days of his film career he was sometimes credited as K.C. Reeves.[citation needed]Reeves has one full sister named Kim (born 1966 in Australia  ) who was diagnosed with leukemia  in the early 1990s. Additionally, through his mother he has a half-sister, Karina Miller (born 1976 in Toronto) and through his father another half-sister named Emma Rose Reeves (born 1980 in Hawaii).[citation needed]
Reeves moved around the world frequently as a child and he lived with various stepfathers. After his parents divorced in 1966, his mother became a costume designer and moved the family to Australia and then to New York City. There she met and married Paul Aaron, a Broadway  and Hollywood director. The couple moved to Toronto but divorced in 1971. Reeves's mother married Robert Miller, a rock promoter, in 1976, but the couple divorced in 1980. She subsequently married her fourth husband, Jack Bond, a hairdresser, a marriage that broke up in 1994. Grandparents and nannies babysat Reeves and his sisters, and Reeves grew up primarily in Toronto. Within a span of five years, he attended four different high schools, including the Etobicoke School of the Arts  , from which he was later expelled  . Reeves stated he was expelled"...because I was greasy and running around a lot. I was just a little too rambunctious and shot my mouth off once too often. I was not generally the most well-oiled machine in the school. I was just getting in their way, I guess."
Reeves excelled more in hockey than in academics, as his educational development was challenged by dyslexia  . He was a successful goalie at one of his high schools ( De La Salle College "Oaklands" ). His team nicknamed him "The Wall," and voted him MVP  . While Reeves dreamed of becoming an Olympic hockey player for Canada, an injury ended his hopes for a hockey career. After leaving De La Salle College, he attended an anarchistic free school  (Avondale Alternative), which allowed him to obtain an education while working as an actor; he later dropped out, never obtaining his high school diploma.[citation needed]
