
Movie File: Keanu Reeves, Julia Stiles, Jennifer Aniston, Larry David, Will Ferrell, Samuel L. Jackson & More - Music, Celebrity, Artist News | MTV.com
Mar 31 2004 9:20 PM EST
Movie File: Keanu Reeves, Julia Stiles, Jennifer Aniston, Larry David, Will Ferrell, Samuel L. Jackson & More
'Matrix' star will play secret agent in upcoming Philip K. Dick adaptation.
By Corey Moss, with additional reporting by Mark Bella and Ryan J. Downey
Keanu Reeves has signed on to star in an adaptation of Philip K. Dick's novel "A Scanner Darkly," about an undercover agent in the future who develops a split personality after changing his face for work. Shooting will begin in May with George Clooney and Steven Soderbergh producing and Richard Linklater ("School of Rock") directing from his own draft of the script. ...
Julia Stiles just finished filming her part for "The Bourne Supremacy," a sequel to "The Bourne Identity," and she's revealed some plot details. "Joan Allen is heading the CIA operation to find Jason Bourne," Stiles said. " And I thought that I'd started my life over again, but since I was the last person to see him alive, they dragged me off the street and forced me to help them. So I have more interesting stuff to do this time." Stiles will next head to London from April to July to co-star with Aaron Eckhart in the David Mamet play "Oleanna." The "Mona Lisa Smile" actress will then team with Mamet again for a "small but significant" role in a movie version of his play "Edmond" starring William H. Macy. ...
Jennifer Aniston is continuing to load up her post-"Friends" plate with the addition of "Gambit," a remake of the 1966 caper starring Shirley MacLaine and Michael Caine. Aniston will play the spitting image of a rich man's late wife who teams with a thief to steal a statue from the billionaire. The thief has yet to be cast, but the Hollywood Reporter has reported that Ben Kingsley will play the rich man. Bo Welch ("The Cat in the Hat") will direct when shooting starts later this year. ... Aniston, Leonardo DiCaprio, Meg Ryan, Kevin Costner and Barbra Streisand were among the celebrities who attended a John Kerry fund-raiser in Beverly Hills on Tuesday. The presidential hopeful raised about $3.2 million at the event, which featured a performance from James Taylor and introduction by "Curb Your Enthusiasm" star Larry David. ...
Will Ferrell is in negotiations to join Matthew Broderick, Nathan Lane and Nicole Kidman in the big-screen adaptation of Mel Brooks' Tony-winning musical "The Producers," directed by Susan Stroman ("Contact"). The comedian would play Franz Liebkind, the Nazi playwright behind "Springtime for Hitler." ... Broderick, meanwhile, has agreed to join wife Sarah Jessica Parker in film version of "Strangers With Candy," based on Comedy Central's short-lived satire of after-school specials. Amy Sedaris, the co-creator and star of the cult series who also had a reoccurring character on "Sex and the City," will star in the comedy. Parker is also considering a role in a remake of "The Man Who Came to Dinner." ...
George Lucas has honored Samuel L. Jackson's one wish for "Star Wars Episode III." "I have a totally satisfactory death scene," the actor revealed on the set of another upcoming movie, "Coach Carter." Jackson added that he's not the only one to die in the scene. "A man with my skills, I have to take someone with me," he said. ... After shooting the "Get Shorty" sequel "Be Cool" this spring, Dwayne "the Rock" Johnson will film his next action movie, the video-game-inspired "Spy Hunter." "I can't wait," the Rock said. "It's just gonna be an ass-kicking movie. GM is making the car and it's gonna be awesome." ...
Anne Hathaway, Michelle Williams and Randy Quaid have joined the cast of Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain," starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger as gay cowboys who are reunited 20 years after falling in love on a sheepherding farm. Hathaway will play the ex-rodeo queen wife of Gyllenhaal's character, Williams will portray the wife of Ledger's character, and Quaid will fill the role of the foreman who employs the two cowboys. ... Steve Harvey will follow up "Johnson Family Vacation" with the animated "Racing Stripes," featuring the voices of Frankie Muniz, Mandy Moore, Dustin Hoffman, Michael Clarke Duncan, Whoopi Goldberg, Joe Pantoliano and Jeff Foxworthy. "It's a about a zebra (Muniz) that wants to be a racing horse," Harvey said. "Me and David Spade are the two race horses that keep an eye on him and everything around the race track and the barn ... and we kind of narrate a bunch of the stuff." ...
Tom Wilkinson of "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" has joined the cast of Christopher Nolan's "Batman Begins" as Falcone, one of the leading crime figures in Gotham City. Rutger Hauer of "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind" has also signed on as Earle, a business associate of Bruce Wayne's murdered father who has his eyes on the Wayne corporate empire. ... Frank Darabont, screenwriter and director of "The Shawshank Redemption" and "The Green Mile," has taken over writing duties for "Mission: Impossible 3," replacing Robert Towne, who penned the first two movies in the Tom Cruise franchise. Joe Carnahan ("Narc") is directing. ....
Neal McDonough of "Minority Report," who garnered rave reviews for the NBC drama "Boomtown," hopes to return to the small screen. "I'm working on a new pilot ... an untitled medical mystery drama," he said. "I'm going to have a great time playing this character for a very long time. He has his flaws and he has his issues, but deep down he cares about humanity so much and that's what makes the show so compelling." ... Kyla Pratt of UPN's "One on One," the Disney Channel's "Proud Family" and the "Dr. Dolittle" movies, has been cast as the lead female in the "Fat Albert" movie. Pratt will play a teenager whose TV set the "Fat Albert" gang fall from. Meanwhile, Jeremy Suarez of "The Bernie Mac Show" has also signed on. "I play Russell, one of the gang's younger brothers," he said recently. ...
