Keanu Reeves Dies In Snowboard Accident Facebook Hoax
By Joel Fernandes on February 13th, 2012
Fans around the world have been left shaken after the sudden death of Whitney Houston. Now, they’re all panicking about a rumor stating that actor Keanu Reeves has also died.
The rumor about the death of Keanu Reeves is spreading all over the Internet. Facebook users are reportedly sharing messages indicating that Keanu Reeves died in a snowboard accident. This has also become one of the trending topics on Twitter.
Here’s the complete hoax message -
Actor – Keanu Reeves Dies In Snowboard Accident
THIS STORY IS STILL DEVELOPING…
Actor Keanu Reeves is reported to have died shortly after a snowboard accident earlier today – February 14, 2012.
The actor & novice snowboarder was vacationing at the Zermatt ski resort in Zermatt, Switzerland with family and friends. Witnesses indicate that Keanu Reeves lost control of his snowboard and struck a tree at a high rate of speed.
Keanu Reeves was air lifted by ski patrol teams to a local hospital, however, it is believed that the actor died instantly from the impact of the crash. The actor was wearing a helmet at the time of the accident and drugs and alcohol do not appear to have played any part in his death. Additional details and information will be updated as it becomes available. This story is still developing About Zermatt Ski Resort – While neighboring Gstaad is one of the world’s top resorts with its three five-star hotels and St. Moritz is more popular, most rank Zermatt as Switzerland’s top resort. A remarkably peaceful getaway, the village is peaceful thanks to its car-free environment. Amazingly picturesque, Zermatt holds the world’s second biggest lift-served vertical drop and receives huge snowfalls thanks to its altitude.
This is a false story, which originated from a fake site reporting the actor’s death. We noticed a similar fake message on the site indicating that actor Adam Sandler also died in a snowboard accident.  Keanu Reeves has already been a victim of death in Decemeber 2011 for the same reason.
Visiting the site will show you the same message quoted above and shows a travel video for skiing in New Zealand, which gave information about some of the top sky resorts in the country.
Earlier in December 2011, we reported the hoax spreading on Facebook about the death of International rock star legend Jon Bon Jovi .
Watch out for more such hoax messages spreading on Facebook and Twitter. If you’re asked to download or fill out any surveys to watch a video, then simply ignore it. Before sharing the message with your friends, make sure that it is true. A quick search on Google will help you find out whether they’re true or simply a rumor.
Tags: Facebook Hoax , Facebook Scam , Facebook Spam , Scams
Author: Joel Fernandes
Joel+ is a 20yrs young and is a passionate Blogger, Web Developer, Photographer, Gamer and an Entrepreneur. Not a professional in anyway!Twitter handle - @joelfernandes He owns a tech blog - Techo Latte
Joel Fernandes has written 397 articles for us and can be contacted at joel@techie-buzz.com.
Related Posts
