Monday, March 1, 2010
Fan Sites That Steal From Keanu Reeves
Thanks to Jewel and To Keanu With Love for finally letting me do a blog. I am here to point something out. One of the conditions I agreed to was not to use the names of fan sites that I am referring to. I still feel it shouldn't make no difference but ok I will not name the fan sites.
I am a concerned fan and compadre of Mr Keanu Reeves. I am also someone who is tired of seeing him get ripped off by people using his fan's money and the fan's love for Reeves.  For the past 2 or 3 months I have been frequenting these pages where they post all those ridiculous paparazzi shots of Reeves. Pictures where he obviously does not want to be photographed.
or worse the conditions are extremely dangerous! I drive this particular road when I visit family in the Hollywood area and especially these days this road is extremely dangerous! It is scary to know there are paparazzi looking for celebrities instead of road hazards.
I understand that sometimes they do get a good shot and Reeves may even pose for a second, every now and again. Those are not bad.  There is a very thin line on what should be posted and what should not. Maybe I'm alone in what I am thinking but what I want to know is what kind of fan enjoys seeing Reeves intruded on time after time after time? I have to ask, do they even realize what is happening? I mean they comment by posting drooling smileys and heart eyes smileys!
Like they just can't see it.
Am I the only one feeling the man's pain!?
How would these ladies like it if in the middle of their taking a big bite of a juicy burger, some fool with a camera that equipped with a lens that can take pictures of Mars snapped a shot of them? Then came to the internet and posted it so all their friends and loved ones could see! Or after losing a loved one in the middle of their grief, again the camera snapping pictures of the funeral and them crying and grieving! I am not here to make waves! Wait a minute Hell Yeah!
I am here to point this crap out and speak up for someone who just can't do that! What I find funny about the situation is that these fans will never post their pictures and make themselves known.
Do these fans not realize they are paying and enabling these fan sites to hound Reeves?
The hosts to these sites charge Keanu Reeves fans to see these pictures. Later I will explain why I use the word "See". First they collect money. Some of this money goes to the paparazzi. The rest goes to an undisclosed place. I'm sure we can all guess though. I still haven't figured out if this is paparazzi and maybe they have a lot of different fan pages for several different actors where they do the same "Shady" business or if Mr Reeves is so lucky to have a few
"Pirate minded"  so called fans! Why the word "Pirate"? Let me tell you!
They collect the money from fans who choose to see the "Secret gallery". Then they charge fans again for calendars and dvd of pictures that should be available to the fans already. Does Keanu or his family see any of this money? Pft! Hell no! It's for the scammer's gain and profit only. Call me crazy but in my opinion the fans have the rights to the pictures the first time they pay for them?  The rich part is that if any fan dare take one or two of the  pictures from "The Secret Gallery" they are out of the circle of trust.
Do they get their monies back!? They sure do not!
I don't know about any of you but I have to say "That ain't right"! Can I get a "That ain't right?!
I am sure that some of the fans are unsuspecting and have no idea how hurtful this is to the actor and to his family too. I am here to let those fans know that they are hurting Keanu Reeves and his family. They are stealing from him.
Keanu is not the type of guy to make a stink he understands that people have their jobs but aren't they suppose to be fans? You know I place these people in the same category as that Karen Salas person. Keanu had to dish out $85,000 to defend himself against accusations. The court awarded Reeves $15,000 but Reeves being the person that he is let it go. It sucks that people take advantage of people who are kind hearted and just want to be left in peace. Why would any fan take advantage of Keanu Reeves kindness? If you are a true fan and you really care about Keanu Reeves well being stop paying fan pages that are without a doubt stealing from Reeves. The ball is in your court now. What are you going to do?
Posted by To Keanu With Love at 10:50 AM
