Keanu Reeves Might Have Four Adult Kids
The Star is reporting that a Canadian woman is suing actor Keanu Reeves for $150,000 per month child support (retroactive 21 years) and $3 million in spousal support (retroactive 3 years) for her four adult children, ages 20 to 25, that she claims are Reeve's. Karen Sala, who says she has known Reeves since he was 7, also wants the actor(?) to submit to a paternity test.
Karen Sala, 46, who is acting as her own lawyer, filed notice on Monday in the Superior Court of Justice family branch. Legal papers were served on Reeves' business manager in Los Angeles two days ago. The first court date for the case is July 6 in Barrie. "I'm pissed. I just want him to stand up and be a man," Sala said in an interview yesterday. A spokesperson for the actor said Reeves denies even knowing Sala and strongly rejects her claims. None of the allegations have been proven in court. Sala said she has tried "privately" over the years to persuade Reeves to provide support...."Karen Sala's allegations are completely false and absurd. Mr. Reeves has no knowledge of who she is," Cheryl Maisel said in a statement. Paul Knell, Reeves' Los Angeles business manager, questioned Sala's motives, noting that all four children are now adults. "Before you disparage my client and lend validity to this, there's clearly something wrong with someone who claims child support after all the kids have grown. I'm just pointing that out," Knell said. Knell said his client will undoubtedly become a target of tabloid speculation as a result of Sala's suit. "He (Reeves) is a high-profile person in Hollywood so people come out of the woodwork. I'll leave it at that," Knell said.
So, to recap, this chick waited 25 years to break this news, now she wants $10.8 million. Awesome. That's why I don't even bother with stuff like this. Whenever I get a girl pregnant I just move out of town and change my name. I mean, I have at least a good 3 years before the kid starts asking questions. That's usually a pretty good head start.
Keanu Reeves older news:
