Album Covers
My name can`t be that tough to pronounce!
When I don`t feel free and can`t do what I want I just react. I go against it.
Here comes 40. I`m feeling my age and I`ve ordered the Ferrari. I`m going to get the whole mid-life crisis package.
The simple act of paying attention can take you a long way.
I`m Mickey Mouse. They don`t know who`s inside the suit.
“Do they? I don`t know. I haven`t checked it out, you know. I don`t like go home and like..."Google" me.” ~ Keanu, when told fans document his every move online
You can`t blame Hollywood for what happened to River. Kids are doing drugs everywhere in the world. He had his own very personal problems I will never discuss with the press. They`re just way too personal. River had a self-destructive side to his personality. He was angry and hurt that he couldn`t have a private life once he became famous. He just couldn`t deal with having his private life on the front page all the time.  (about river phoenix death)
River was a remarkable artist and a rare human being. I miss him every day.
It`s always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you`re seeing the most beautiful thing on God`s Earth.
I used to have nightmares that they would put "He played Ted" on my tombstone.
I`ve had wonderful experiences. I mean really wonderful. In teaching. Personal epiphanies. About life. About a different perspective -- help with different perspectives that you have. You know what I mean? Relationships to nature. Relationships with the self. With other people. With events.
I`m a meathead, man. You`ve got smart people, and you`ve got dumb people. I just happen to be dumb.
(when asked if he had any fears) I used to have nightmares that they would put "He played Ted" on my tombstone.
When the people you love are gone, you`re alone.
You want to play another kind of character in another genre, and it`s been something I`ve been trying to do if I can in the career so far, and it`s something I hope to continue because it`s interesting to me and you get to do different things as an actor.
I`m sorry my existence is not very noble or sublime.
People were saying that David Geffen and I had gotten married and it just blew me away. Not that they thought I was gay, but that they thought I could land a guy that hot.
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
(On drugs) I`ve had wonderful experiences. I mean really wonderful. In teaching. Personal epiphanies. About life. About a different perspective -- help with different perspectives that you have. You know what I mean? Relationships to nature. Relationships with the self. With other people. With events.
And of course to work with Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton, and work with a wonderful, beautiful script directed by Nancy Meyers, it was really for me a dream come true.
(On being a star) It can still be very surreal. It`s easy to become very self-critical when you`re an actor. Then you get critiqued be the critics. Whether you agree with them or not, people are passing judgment on you.
I mean, if you didn`t get it or if you didn`t feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change.
I try not to think about my life. I have no life. I need therapy.
Because we`re actors we can pretend and fake it, but I`d rather the intimate investment was authentic.
I just felt that if I went into Speed 2, I just... wouldn`t have come up out of the water.
(On River Phoenix) River was a remarkable artist and a rare human being. I miss him every day.
Kissing someone is pretty intimate, actually very intimate, and your heart always kind of skips a beat before you do that.
I am not handsome or sexy. Of course, it`s not like I am hopeless.
On a good night, I get underwear, bras, and hotel-room keys thrown onstage... You start to think that you`re Tom Jones.
Grief changes shape, but it never ends.
(when told he`d have to "bite the bullet") Yes, but I don`t have to eat the whole rifle.
Basically it starts with four months of training, just basic stretching, kicking and punching. Then you come to the choreography and getting ready to put the dance together.
I`m a meathead. I can`t help it, man. You`ve got smart people and you`ve got dumb people. I just happen to be dumb.
(On River Phoenix) You can`t blame Hollywood for what happened to River. Kids are doing drugs everywhere in the world. He had his own very personal problems I will never discuss with the press. They`re just way too personal. River had a self-destructive side to his personality. He was angry and hurt that he couldn`t have a private life once he became famous. He just couldn`t deal with having his private life on the front page all the time.
I loved the material when I first read it, and the experience of making the film was a great one. So when we came around to complete the trilogy, I just signed on board without even reading the scripts because the experience of the first film was so good.
I`m a meathead. I can`t help it, man. You`ve got smart people and you`ve got dumb people.
It`s fun to be hopelessly in love. It`s dangerous, but it`s fun.
And I had a great time making Reloaded and Revolutions. It`s great that people are coming out to see the films and I hope they enjoy them.
The truth is often terrifying, which I think is one of the motifs of Larry and Andrew`s cinema. The cost of knowledge is an important theme. In the second and third films, they explore the consequences of Neo`s choice to know the truth. It`s a beautiful, beautiful story.
I believe in love at first sight. You want that connection, and then you want some problems.
(On River Phoenix and My Own Private Idaho (1991)) We were doing I Love You to Death (1990), and we got the Idaho script. We were driving in a car on Santa Monica Boulevard, probably on the way to a club, and were talking really fast about the whole idea. We were excited. It could have been like a bad dream, a dream that never follows through because no one commits, but we just forced ourselves into it. We said, "Okay, I`ll do it if you do it. I won`t do it if you don`t." We shook hands. That was it.
What would happen if you melted? You know, you never really hear this talked about much, but spontaneous combustion? It exists!...(people) burn from within...sometimes they`ll be in a wooden chair and the chair won`t burn, but there`ll be nothing left of the person. Except sometimes his teeth. Or the heart. No one speaks about this, but its for real.
Sometimes when you make a film you can go away for three months and then come back and live your life. But this struck a much deeper chord. I don`t have the ability yet to speak about it in an objective.
Here comes 40. I`m feeling my age and I`ve ordered the Ferrari. I`m going to get the whole mid-life crisis package
The whole aspect of cinema and film festivals should be a moment to come together and celebrate art and humanity. It would be a shame if there was such a divide.
I`ve been really fortunate to be able to do different kinds of films in different scales, different genres, different kinds of roles, and that is important to me.
It`s the journey of self, I guess. You start with this kind of loner, outside guy, which a lot of people can relate to, and he goes out into the world.
I`ve been pleased to work with so many wonderful stars through the years. This has been an amazing journey. I hope it continues.
What would happen if you melted? You know, you never really hear this talked about much, but spontaneous combustion? It exists!...(people) burn from within...sometimes they'll be in a wooden chair and the chair won't burn, but there'll be nothing left of the person. Except sometimes his teeth. Or the heart. No one speaks about this, but its for real.
My name can't be THAT tough to pronounce!
When I don't feel free and can't do what I want I just react. I go against it.
(when told he'd have to "bite the bullet") Yes, but I don't have to eat the whole rifle.
I'm a meathead, man. You've got smart people, and you've got dumb people. I just happen to be dumb.
I'm sorry my existence is not very noble or sublime.
(on being a star) It can still be very surreal. It's easy to become very self-critical when you're an actor. Then you get critiqued be the critics. Whether you agree with them or not, people are passing judgment on you.
(on drugs) I've had wonderful experiences. I mean really wonderful. In teaching. Personal epiphanies. About life. About a different perspective -- help with different perspectives that you have. You know what I mean? Relationships to nature. Relationships with the self. With other people. With events.
(when asked if he had any fears) I used to have nightmares that they would put "He played Ted" on my tombstone
I'm Mickey Mouse. They don't know who's inside the suit.
Here comes 40. I'm feeling my age and I've ordered the Ferrari. I'm going to get the whole mid-life crisis package.
(on River Phoenix) You can't blame Hollywood for what happened to River. Kids are doing drugs everywhere in the world. He had his own very personal problems I will never discuss with the press. They're just way too personal. River had a self-destructive side to his personality. He was angry and hurt that he couldn't have a private life once he became famous. He just couldn't deal with having his private life on the front page all the time.
(on River Phoenix) River was a remarkable artist and a rare human being. I miss him every day.
(on River Phoenix and My Own Private Idaho (1991)) We were doing I Love You to Death (1990), and we got the Idaho script. We were driving in a car on Santa Monica Boulevard, probably on the way to a club, and were talking really fast about the whole idea. We were excited. It could have been like a bad dream, a dream that never follows through because no one commits, but we just forced ourselves into it. We said, "Okay, I'll do it if you do it. I won't do it if you don't." We shook hands. That was it.
It's always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you're seeing the most beautiful thing on God's Earth.
http://www.iOn Patrick Swayze: He was a beautiful person, an artist! Patrick, he just wanted to experience life and, for his work, he wanted to take the opportunity of the film and it gave him that sense. There was some sky diving sequences in this film we did together and as filming was going on it came to be that Patrick was jumping out of airplanes all the time. I think he had over 30 jumps during the course of filming and so the production served him with a cease and desist which he listened to until they got to Hawaii. He jumps out of planes and did the flips and falling to the ground and he did it with an open heart. I'll always remember his buddy for lighting up a room with his presence. I can say what I know that he lived life to the fullest.mdb.com/name/nm0000206/bio
(1995 quote on his idea of happiness) Lying in bed with my lover, riding my bike, sports, happy times with my friends, conversation, learning, the earth, dirt, a beautiful repast with friends, family with wine and glorious food and happy tidings and energy and zest and lust for life. I like being in the desert, in nature, being in extraordinary spaces in nature, high in a tree or in the dirt, hanging out with my family, my sisters.
(1995 quote) L.A. has been my place of abode for seven years and I have a little place in New York City. I don't even have a house house, but I have been living in the same place in Los Angeles for a couple of years and it's just now becoming a home. I like to be free and unfettered. I like the option of being able to do anything and go anywhere, anytime. I like to have my house open. A lot of my friends have keys to my houses and I like to have everything, you know, 'What's mine is yours,' and to drink wine, talk and hang out.
(1995 quote on My Own Private Idaho (1991)) You know what's great? Right after I finished Dracula (1992), I went to Paris to visit a couple of friends, shipped over one of my Norton's, my '72 750 with California plates, and just hung out for two-and-a-half weeks. My Own Private Idaho (1991) had just opened at a theater right near my friend's house where I was staying. I got stopped by a couple of American students who'd seen it and they bought me a beer. Which is what you should do in Paris: sit in cafés, talk, hang out. I had miraculous weather, so it didn't rain on my parade. Then, I went to New York to visit friends, sat down, hung out, and the same sort of thing happened there. So, do I want more movies that lead to experiences like that? Yes, please.
(On auditioning for Oliver Stone's The Doors (1991)) I auditioned a few times, but I don't think I was ever seriously in the running. I was terrified. I just read some of Jim Morrison's poetry and listened to some of his music and did what I could.
