Page 1 of 31 2 3
Apr 19
Will Charlize Theron have to choose between Alex Skarsgard & Keanu Reeves?
Charlize Theron is a new mother.  You’d think that because she’s a single mom now (“Sisters are doing it for themselves,” as Jon Hamm would say), she would go The Sandra Bullock Route and allow her image to be remade into a family-friendly vision of motherly love.  But Charlize is not Sandra Bullock.  Charlize likes boys, and boys like Charlize.  So while we’re hearing a little bit about Charlize’s son Jackson, we’re hearing even more about Charlize’s potential boyfriends.  Personally, I think Charlize would LOVE a ride on the Fassbender train – but I don’t think he’s into it.  He doesn’t go for tall blondes.  Fortunately, there’s one Viking who does like lithe blondes, and that’s Alexander Skarsgard.  Alex and Charlize had a much-rumored rendezvous back in early March – they were said to be cuddled up and “together” at a bar.  Now Us Weekly claims that they went on a “second date”:
Charlize Theron, who adopted son Jackson in March, went on a second date with Alexander Skarsgard on April 6 at West Hollywood’s Soho House.  Though the duo – who hung out March 3 at the area’s Gym Sports bar – were with a group, “she rested her head on his shoulder and they looked very couple-y,” says an onlooker.  Explains a Theron source, “It isn’t serious.  And no, he has not met the baby!”
[From Us Weekly, print edition]
All I heard there was “casual sex”.  Is that what this is – something casual, something not at all serious because Alex doesn’t want to get serious with a single mother and Charlize doesn’t want to get serious with a Viking?  If it’s just physical… sure.  I find their brother-sister appearances creepy though.
But that’s not the only man Charlize might have coming around. In Touch Weekly (yeah) claims that Charlize and Keanu Reeves have been spending more time together too.  Inevitably, the tabloids really want Sad Keanu and Charlize to happen – there were lots of rumors about them right after Charlize and Stuart Townsend broke up.
First comes love and marriage, then the baby carriage? Not for Charlize Theron. Now that she’s a single mom to adopted son Jackson, Charlize is looking for a baby daddy. And the 36-year-old actress has her sights set on her longtime friend — and rumored former beau — Keanu Reeves!
A pal says the Sweet November co-stars have gotten closer since Charlize brought home Jackson and friends think a rekindled romance is inevitable. “They were friends with benefits in the past,” the friend says, “but now it’s something more.”
So is Keanu, 47, dad material? “He babysits and brings toys when he visits Charlize and Jackson,” the friend reports. “He even built the crib and changes diapers!” Sounds like a keeper!
[From In Touch Weekly ]
“He babysits and brings toys when he visits Charlize and Jackson…” I just don’t buy it.  I don’t buy this dynamic with them at all.  If Charlize and Keanu are hanging out, I think they’re just drinking beers and watching the game, you know?
Photos courtesy of Fame, WENN.
Written by Kaiser         85 Comments »
Feb 15
Keanu Reeves in Berlin: is he messing with his face, or is he a vampire?
Here’s Keanu Reeves at the Berlinale film festival promoting a film he produced, Side By Side, which is a documentary on film production – really! It’s described on IMDB as investigating “the history, process and workflow of both digital and photochemical film creation.” I’ve been watching more documentaries lately, particularly documentary television like Current.tv’s Vanguard . Although this movie sounds dry in concept it could actually be interesting.  I love Keanu and want him to do well. Here’s a  little more on the film and the fact that it’s been picked up for distribution.
Keanu Reeves has been given a big boost as a movie producer – his latest project has been picked up for U.S. distribution days before its world premiere at the Berlin Film Festival in Germany.
Side By Side, a documentary about the digital revolution and its impact on traditional filmmaking, features interviews with pioneering directors with James Cameron, David Fincher, George Lucas, David Lynch, Christopher Nolan, Martin Scorsese and Steven Soderbergh.
Tribeca Film bosses have announced they have acquired the North American rights to the film, which they call “a provocative and illuminating journey through the technical and aesthetic implications of the transition from traditional film to digital technology”.
Produced and narrated by Reeves, who also conducted the bulk of the interviews, the film is directed by Chris Kenneally.
It is expected to hit U.S. cinemas this summer (12).
[From Contact Music ]
The Hollywood Reporter has a quote from the director, Chris Kenneally, describing the film. “Cinema is at a tipping point. Digital has challenged, and in some ways completely overturned, a process of making movies on photochemical film that has been a tradition for over one hundred years. Side by Side is an intimate conversation between Keanu and the top professionals in the industry about this revolution and its impact.”
I would see it just for Keanu, especially to see him interview people in the industry. He’s such a thoughtful, decent guy and we don’t get enough of him.
Let’s talk about how amazingly young Keanu looks here at 47. It might just be the fact that he’s borderline clean shaven for once, but he looks like he’s botoxed to me in that he’s so smooth and young looking still! Kaiser tells me he’s just a vampire with good genes, though, and she might be right. I guess he’s looked preternaturally young for a while and all the scruff and hair he used to have was disguising it. In the one photo (below) of him looking down while smiling you can see that he has lines and a little puffiness around his eyes. Still, he’s in Hollywood and I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s doing a little something to achieve that “15 years younger” look. Maybe some laser resurfacing or something minor.
Here’s my favorite part of these photos, Keanu’s beat to hell sneakers! Look at those things, it’s like he has one pair and refuses to wear any other shoes. My kid is like that, but I try to talk him into changing them up well before the shoes get to that stage.
Here’s Keanu in June of last year for comparison. He sort-of looks the same, just with a beard. There’s something different about his eyes, but that could be due to the fact that he’s smiling.
Update: Here are some more photos of Keanu from today in Berlin.
Photo credit: WENN.com and Away! / PR Photos
Written by Celebitchy         111 Comments »
May 2
Enquirer: Keanu Reeves has been “comforting” Sandra Bullock post-split
In the latest “news about Sandra Bullock’s love life I wish were true,” the National Enquirer is reporting that her old Speed co-star and good friend Keanu Reeves has been “comforting” her. They don’t even imply that there’s a romance happening between Sandra and Keanu, and unlike the times she was spotted out with Ryan Reynolds a few months ago it doesn’t look like she’s in a friends with benefits relationship with Keanu. That’s a damn shame. We also heard this rumor a year ago, when it was reported that Sandra was “leaning on” her old buddy Keanu in the wake of her then-husband’s cheating scandal.
Sandra had been frantic over the news that her ex husband Jesse James wrote a tell-all book, “American Outlaw,” and only Keanu was able to ease her fears.
“Keanu was her rock,” a close pal of Sandra told The Enquirer.
As we reported, Sandra was consumed with fears that all her secrets would come spilling out under the guise of Jesse’s “memoir.”
“Keanu spoke to her for hours, night after night, listening to her worries, as she poured out her heard over her frustration and pain,” said the pal.
“And in the end Keanu gave Sandra the courage to move on and hold her head high. He basically told her Jesse’s cooked-up stories were just that. He soothingly reminded her that she really had nothing to fear because she was respected by everyone close to her including him. He assured Sandra he’d always be there for her…
“After Jesse’s cheating scandal erupted, Keanu became Sandra’s shoulder to cry on,” said the pal…
They’ve always professed a great mutual respect and affection for each other…
“The first person she turned to was Keanu, and he proved he was a true-blue friend by being there for her.”
[From The National Enquirer, print edition, May 9, 2011]
That’s a really sweet story and I hope it’s true. You know that Keanu’s gentle voice and kind words would help in a crisis, and it’s all so romantic sounding. (sigh)
I had the chance to read In Touch’s cover story Sandra Betrayed Again! and it’s just a rehash of a recent “poor me” blog entry that James penned that kind of bitterly negates his marriage to Sandra. (He’s since deleted it.) We were anticipating this from his memoir anyway, which is out tomorrow, May 3. I’m debating whether or not I should buy it as I want to report on some of the ridiculous things he says but I don’t want to support him in any way.
In Touch also has a column from James’ nastiest mistress (that we know of), Michelle “Bombshell” McGee. She comments on Jesse’s memoir and how he’s still trying to wound Sandra for dumping him after he slept with every skank in his path who ever worked a pole. According to Michelle Jesse told her he was frustrated having to share the bed with Sandra’s dogs, and claimed he hadn’t slept with Sandra in months. Isn’t that what cheating dudes always say? “My wife doesn’t understand me,” “We’re separated,” “We don’t sleep together.” We know that Jesse is a lying bastard who will use any excuse and I’m sure this memoir won’t be any different. At least Sandra has her millions, her sweet son, and some hot male companions to console herself with. If only she were more than just friends with lovely Keanu.
These photos are of Sandra and Keanu in 2006 promoting The Lake House. I never saw that movie. Credit: WENN.com
Written by Celebitchy         40 Comments »
Apr 6
Keanu Reeves says there will definitely be a third ‘Bill & Ted’s Excellent Adventure’!
Keanu Reeves is currently promoting his new film, Henry’s Crime.  I thought it sounded like an artsy-fartsy independent film about, like, the “crime” of an insouciant butterfly named Henry or something.  You know the kind of film I mean – bad and pretentious.  Although I would love to see Hollywood try to make a movie about an insouciant butterfly named Henry.  Anyway, as it turns out, the film actually looks kind of good.  Keanu costars with Vera Farmiga and James Caan.  It’s part romantic comedy and part heist film, it seems:
Not bad, right?  I would rent that.  So while Keanu has been promoting the film, he’s obviously given some interviews.  When Us Weekly asked Keanu what the “craziest thing” a fan had ever done to him, Keanu answered honestly: “Accuse me of being a father.  I had to go to court. It was horrible. I didn’t do it. I’m not the dad.” Keanu is referring to the years-long debacle in which a mentally unstable woman named Karen Sala claimed Keanu had hypnotized her into thinking he was her ex-husband, and then seduced and impregnated her.  Keanu really did have to give DNA to prove that he wasn’t the father.  It was truly crazy.
Keanu also gave clues to a long-rumored project that he might be making in the next year: the third Bill & Ted’s Excellent Adventure!  It’s been 20 years, but Keanu announced a few days ago that two screenwriters (Chris Matheson and Ed Solomon) are currently working on the script.  Keanu even revealed some plot details (SPOILER!!!): “I know a little bit… When we last got together, part of it was that Bill and Ted were supposed to have written the song that saved the world, and it hasn’t happened. […] So they’ve now become kind of possessed by trying to do that. Then there’s an element of time and they have to go back.” I kind of love the idea of Keanu and Alex Winters going back and making another one.  It’s so absurd.  Dude.
Photos courtesy of WENN.
Written by Kaiser         41 Comments »
Dec 6
Keanu Reeves looks dashing, moderately happy for the Marrakech film festival
Over the weekend, the Marrakech film festival began .  This time Morocco got some heavy hitters to show up for their film festival – including Keanu Reeves, who is a jury member, along with James Caan and Gael Garcia Bernal.  Since there are a million photos of Keanu this morning, I thought I’d bring you some.  Ever since the “Sad Keanu” meme, Keanu has seemingly been making an effort to look happier or… just less depressed in public outings. He also didn’t really seem to care, in general – after all, he has more money than God, and he’s off doing his own thing.  Sad Keanu is busy.  Also: I love his scraggly beard.  I find it charming.  I still get hot for Keanu, I have to admit.
Other pics from the film festival… here’s Gael, looking handsome:
And here’s Marion Cotillard, looking ten kinds of rough.  Does she think she’s an old-timey hooker?
And Eva Mendes, looking drunk, as usual:
Photos courtesy of Fame.
Written by Kaiser         28 Comments »
Oct 4
Keanu Reeves thinks “Sad Keanu” meme is “harmless, good clean fun”
Only recently (like, the past two weeks) have I become aware of the “Sad Keanu” meme that has apparently been around for months.  I guess it all started when paparazzi took photos of a particularly sad-looking Keanu sitting on a park bench, looking like he might cry because the wind was blowing.  Many people Photoshopped the image of “Sad Keanu” into something really special – see some of this stuff here.  There’s a “Sad Keanu” Tumblr, and lots of new sites and lists devoted to Sad Keanu .  Since then, paparazzi have gotten many, many candid shots of Keanu looking sad or contemplative or thoughtful, or just hungry.  He honestly seemed totally unaware that photographers were trying to get another “Sad Keanu” photo – and as it turns out, he really was unaware. He spoke to Vulture , and he took it all in stride:
You’re taking over the Internet. Have you seen all the “Sad Keanu” stuff out there?
My publicist showed me the photo, but no.
There’s not one photo. There are millions. You’re Photoshopped next to kittens and into Pulp Fiction and next to the cast of The Breakfast Club, and in a million different ways. Have you seen those?
Oh, that’s funny! No, no, I haven’t seen them.
There are millions, really. Google “Sad Keanu.” You haven’t?
[Laughs.] No.
Seriously, though, this is one of the reasons I think one of the big appeals of you as an actor is that people are always straining to figure out what’s on your mind, what you’re thinking, why you’re sad … There’s thousands of people doing this.
Wow. So, what, now they’re putting me next to other objects?
Yes! For instance, right now I’m looking at you in some Banksy graffiti, you next to a panda.
That’s so funny.
You with a cheerleader, but you don’t notice her …
Oh, that’s funny. So they like take paparazzi pictures and re-contextualize them? Funny.
Exactly.
Well, it sounds like harmless, good clean fun.
What do you make of how your fandom is changing?
I don’t know, I haven’t seen it. That one, well, I guess, though, when you think of how bad that stuff can go, that sounds like a pretty good clean fun one to have happening.
Given the options …
Yeah, I haven’t seen them. But given the scope and scale of what can happen out there, that sounds like an all right one. It sounds conceptually funny. [Laughs.]
[From NY Mag/Vulture ]
God, I love Keanu.  He really does seem like an easy-going sweetheart, doesn’t he?  And I f-cking love that he asked, “So they like take paparazzi pictures and re-contextualize them?” He’s so smart!
Anyway, the full Vulture interview is nice – Keanu talks about past and present work, and is generally humble and kind and nice.  Lovely man!
Thanks to Dlisted for the tip!
Keanu in NYC on Sept. 22, 2010.  Credit: Bauer-Griffin .
Written by Kaiser         40 Comments »
May 4
Are Charlize Theron & Keanu Reeves dating?
Oh, this is good rumor!  TMZ is trying to make like Charlize Theron and Keanu Reeves were all over each other as they exited a restaurant last night.  TMZ has video of the two of them kissing goodnight ( here ) and a photo of Charlize’s arms wrapped around Keanu, under his jacket.  Eh.  Is that proof that they’re boning?  Could be.  Charlize is single now, to my knowledge.  She and Stuart Townsend split in January , and since then she’s only really been associated with Jeremy Renner as far as romantic gossip goes.  So it could be happening.
Keanu Reeves and Charlize Theron didn’t just share a romantic dinner at a Beverly Hills restaurant last night — they also shared a really intimate goodbye hug and kiss on the way out.
As the two walked out of Bouchon restaurant, the two locked in a really snug embrace and then tenderly swapped some cheek kisses.
It wasn’t exactly a makeout session — but it wasn’t the way you’d send off your grandmother either.
UPDATE: More evidence — when they hugged each other goodbye, Charlize’s hands are clearly UNDER KEANU’S JACKET!
[From TMZ ]
Now, Charlize and Keanu are pretty close friends, by most accounts.  They worked together in Sweet November and The Devil’s Advocate, and have always spoken highly of each other.  Could love bloom amongst friends?  Sure.  However, I don’t think Charlize is Keanu’s type.  He seems to go for brunettes with an edge, if I’m remembering his dating history correctly.  Most likely they’re probably just affectionate friends.  But we’ll see.
Here are some photos of Charlize and Keanu.  I also threw in one of her and Renner.
Written by Kaiser         45 Comments »
Mar 22
Sandra Bullock is leaning on old friends Keanu Reeves & Hugh Grant
It hasn’t even been a week since the news broke about Sandra Bullock’s husband being the biggest douche EVER, and already the tabloids are putting her together with various men.  I’m taking these reports with an enormous grain of salt, because we really don’t know where Sandy is, what she’s doing, how she’s coping, or what her general state of mind is.  I suspect her heartbreak is totally beyond just the “hand me the ice cream now, bitch” sense of betrayal.  I suspect Sandra is nearly comatose from shock and despair.  But, let’s think happy thoughts and imagine her drowning her sorrows in vodka-soaked bon-bons being fed to her by lithe, naked costars.  Fetch me the Ben & Jerry’s, Keanu!
Yes, Keanu is one of the men that Sandra has been linked to in the past few days.  No one is saying they’re hooking up, only that Sandra is “leaning” on him. The Sun reports that Sandra is “seeking advice from Keanu Reeves” and a source says, “ Keanu has always been close to Sandra and good friends with Jesse. He’s been helping both of them.” As for Keanu himself, Us Weekly cornered him at the Toyota event on Saturday:
Sandra Bullock’s longtime pal Keanu Reeves — who costarred with her in 1994′s Speed and 2006′s The Lake House — wishes the best for the Oscar-winning actress, 45, whose husband Jesse James allegedly had an 11-month affair with a tattoo model.
Reeves, 45, attended the 2010 Toyota Pro/Celebrity race training at the Willow Springs International Raceway in Rosemond, Calif., Saturday.
Asked if he has any well wishes for Bullock, 45, he told UsMagazine.com: “Yes, of course, I mean for everyone.”
Asked if he’s reached out to her, he kept his mouth closed and walked off.
Earlier this week’s Bullock’s husband of nearly five years, James, 40, publicly apologized for causing the actress any embarrassment.  She has reportedly moved out of the couple’s Southern California home and hasn’t been seen since the affair news broke.
Meanwhile, James has still been wearing his wedding ring.
[From Us Weekly ]
I always liked Keanu and Sandra together.  They seem to have a very sweet friendship, and many after some time passes, it could develop into something more.  Keanu has had a lot of personal problems too – so he might be too much of a wounded bird for a fragile Sandra.  Better she let me take him.  But I’ll let her borrow him.
Meanwhile, The Mirror’s gossip guy claims that Hugh Grant and Sandra have been talking on the phone, and that Hugh offered to fly out to LA to comfort her.  Hmm…
If I had to draw up a list of miserable celebs then Hugh Grant would be my gold-plated, runaway number one.  I’ve had the misfortune to meet Mr Huge Grump (geddit?) on a number of occasions and he truly is one bad-tempered man.
So imagine my surprise when I was told that old Grump has a soft, gooey side after all.
For I can reveal that he has been nothing short of a “Godsend” to Oscar-winning pal Sandra Bullock after she discovered her husband Jesse James was cheating on her with an over tattooed “lady” by the name of Michelle McGee.
I hear Sandy has been having long phone conversations with Hugh while she decides what to do about her five-year-long marriage to the biker dude.
My source reveals: “Hugh has been a huge support to her. He’s always thought extremely highly of Sandra and was really upset to hear about her troubles.  Sandra’s shell-shocked by what’s happened – especially so soon after everything seemed so perfect after winning an Oscar for The Blind Side.”
“She doesn’t know whether she wants to fight for her marriage or not, but Hugh’s been talking things through with her and he’s been great.  Sandy and Hugh have a special connection – always have. And Hugh will do everything he can to help her out – he even offered to fly out.”
The pair became best friends on the set of their 2002 romantic comedy Two Weeks Notice and have remained in touch since. At the time, Hugh was asked if he could ever fall for his co-star and he said: “Oh God yes, definitely. It would be very, very easy.”
[From The Mirror ]
Ugh, I hated that movie they did together. Two Weeks Notice - what a turd that was.  But they were adorable on the press junket for that film from what I remember, and I could buy that they’re friends in real life.  Long term though, I don’t think Hugh is a good bet for Sandra either.  He seems to like women who are a bit more “sexpot” than Sandra.  But still, it’s good to have a friend.  I imagine Sandra’s got a lot of friends in Hollywood that would be more than happy to help her out.
Sandra and Keanu at the UK premiere of ‘The Lake House’ on June 20, 2006, and at the 2006 Oscars. Sandra and Hugh at the ’Two Weeks Notice’ premiere on January 30, 2003.  Credit: WENN.
Written by Kaiser         36 Comments »
Sep 16
Tributes to Patrick Swayze: People & Us Weekly covers, excerpt from memoir
Both People and Us Weekly have put tributes to Patrick Swayze on their covers this week.  Sometimes I dislike the media raking over of some celebrities after their deaths, but I’m finding the coverage of Patrick’s passing to be very respectful.  Everyone really seemed to love the man.  Among the tributes for Patrick is a planned honor on Dancing With The Stars, which, Patrick was a huge fan of, and came and helped out the first season for his friend John O‘Hurley. DWTS executive producer Conrad Green told People, “We have some very fond memories of [the late actor] coming to help us our when we were a tiny little show way back when…He was one of the few people to integrate dance with being an A-list actor,” Green says. “He inspired many people and many of our pros to dance. We want to honor the great moments he’s brought to film by getting our dancers to do their interpretation to some music from his films.”
On yesterday’s The View, Patrick’s Ghost costar Whoopi Goldberg cried when talking about Patrick.  She said: “This was a well fought battle. Patrick fought like the Dickens to survive it – or to get through it. He never thought of himself as someone who was dying.  His attitude was, ‘Until it kills me I am going to keep doing what I am doing.’  He worked until the last minute … He just was a cat that never gave up.” About their time on the set of Ghost, Whoopi said, “He’d moon me…He was the greatest.  Because of Patrick Swayze, I got that movie Ghost and because of Patrick Swayze, I have an Oscar,” Whoopi also talked about Patrick’s relationship with his wife of 34 years, Lisa Niemi:  “The two of them were in love. they were also together…I can’t explain it any other way.”
Patrick wrote about his relationship with his wife in a soon-to-be-released memoir The Time of My Life .  It was the book he was working on the last year, and it’s co-written by his wife.  ABC News (via Us Weekly) has an early excerpt from the book, and it made me tear up:
“How grateful I am that you chose to love me,” he writes, according to ABC’s Good Morning America, which featured an exclusive audio clip of Swayze reading from his memoir. “I know that because of you, I’ve found my spirit. I saw the man I wanted to be. You are my woman, my lover, my mate and my lady. I loved you forever, I love you now and I will love you forever more.”
[From Us Weekly ]
Sigh.  I don’t even want to talk about it… so sad.  Would anyone like a slightly happier piece of information?  Here goes… Keanu Reeves is still pretty dumb.  Not to mock him or anything, but his statement on Patrick’s passing was slightly incomprehensible.  I’m sure Keanu was grieving, and he and Patrick were probably friends and loved working together and everything, but his statement made me chuckle.  Keanu said about filming Point Break:  “There was some sky diving sequences in this film we did together and as filming was going on it came to be that Patrick was jumping out of airplanes all the time.  I think he had over 30 jumps during the course of filming and so the production served him with a cease and desist which he listened to until they got to Hawaii.” So… what’s that again?  No, I joke.  I get the story he’s trying to tell, I was just trying to lighten the mood.  Keanu also called Patrick a “ beautiful person, an artist.” Then Keanu added, “Patrick, he just wanted to experience life and for his work he wanted to take the opportunity of the film and it gave him that sense.”  Hm?
Thanks to CoverAwards for these cover photos
Written by Kaiser         10 Comments »
Aug 21
Cameron Diaz dating Jason Lewis and/or Keanu Reeves
Earlier this week, Cameron Diaz was connected to Sex and the City hottie Jason Lewis (the big, strapping blonde who played Samantha’s lover Smith Jared).  According to reports, coming mainly out of the British press, claim that Cameron and Jason were “sitting in the corner of Shima totally wrapped up in one another.  They couldn’t stop touching each other. And we couldn’t stop looking.” To be fair, Cameron and Jason have allegedly been friends for a while, so it could have totally been a simple, friendly dinner.  Or it could never have happened.
In the past month, the British press was also eager to set Cameron up with either/both Leonardo DiCaprio and/or Jude Law (before the Samantha Burke baby-mama news broke).  The things with Leo and Jude came mainly out of reports that Diaz was partying with those guys in London.  And where the Jason Lewis thing is a long way from being confirmed, People Magazine has a little blurb that will blow your mind – if your mind if blown by People’s “ Caught In the Act ” column.  They claim: “Cameron Diaz and Keanu Reeves, grabbing drinks with a female companion at The Whisper Lounge at West Hollywood outdoor shopping mall The Grove. The two sipped pinot noir during their friendly-looking 45-minute meeting.”  That sounds like the perfect little story to launch a British newspaper’s naughty hamburger story:
CAMERON DIAZ has been spotted on a date with Speed star KEANU REEVES – after a quick-fire round of romances with three other Hollywood heart-throbs.
The couple dined together at a secluded restaurant in Los Angeles before heading off to a cinema until the early hours.  Playful Cameron entertained Keanu, 44, by trying to stuff an entire HAMBURGER into her mouth.
The star of There’s Something About Mary enjoyed a string of dates with both JUDE LAW and LEONARDO DICAPRIO on a visit to London last month.  And earlier this month she had reportedly started dating Sex and the City hunk JASON LEWIS.
An onlooker at low-key eatery the Whisper Lounge in Los Angeles said of Cameron and Keanu: “They looked very cosy. Cameron was stuffing her burger in her mouth and playing up the fact that she has that wide mouth. Keanu was laughing – it was strange to see him giggling like that as he’s regarded as a bit serious.”
The duo washed down their meal with cocktails before heading arm-in-arm to a cinema where they stayed until 1am.  Cameron, 36, and Keanu played lovers in 1996 flick Feeling Minnesota.
[From The Sun ]
Even though I’m generally kind of “meh” about Cameron (I don’t hate her but I don’t love her), I kind of think she and Keanu would be great together.  Cameron and Jason?  Not so much.  They’re too blonde, too tall.  Too matchy-matchy.  But Keanu and Cameron would be totally hot together.  I’ve been waiting for him to find someone nice, someone who can make him laugh.  He’s had so many struggles in his personal life, I just feel for the guy.  I want him to be happy – and Cameron would be great for him.
Keanu Reeves is shown out shopping for a cellphone on 8/20/09. Cameron Diaz is shown at the Kids’ Choice Awards on 8/9/09. Credit: WENN.com. Jason Lewis is shown at the GLAAD Awards on 5/9/09. Credit: PRPhotos
