Keanu Reeves
drive and ambition
Keanu Reeves avoids direct confrontation as much as possible and is uncomfortable with aggressiveness, competition and personal power.  His ego drive is not very dominant and Reeves is not especially ambitious or eager to push his way to the top.  He may feel inadequate in situations that call for strong, forceful action.  The only instance in which Keanu Reeves will really fight is when he senses that his loved ones - or something dear to him- are being jeopardized, in which case he is a fierce defender.  Keanu Reeves has a very strong protective side.  He acts on impulse and instinct and may lash out at anyone he perceives as threatening to Keanu's home or family.  However, Keanu Reeves will rarely initiate a confrontation.  His goals also tend to be very personal and centered on family closeness and inner satisfaction rather than worldly achievement.
He is sensitive to stress and does not handle a high-pressured, competitive atmosphere very well.  Keanu Reeves is very touchy, irritable and difficult to live with when there are many demands or stressful situations at work.  His energy level varies and is very dependent on the emotional harmony (or lack thereof) in his home.  A supportive partner is very instrumental in helping Reeves to achieve his goals and desires.
He is a team player and works well in collaboration with others who share his goals, ideals, and intentions.  Keanu Reeves can coordinate group efforts and inspire people to work toward a shared goal.
Team sports are also a lot of fun for Keanu, and he could be a leader, coach, or director of any group endeavor.
Keanu Reeves feels benevolent and well disposed to his friends and acquaintances and he finds pleasant cooperation with them.  Reeves displays an attitude of supportive kindness to the people around him and may also have a strong desire to live in a beautiful home.
Keanu Reeves really wants to leave his mark on the world in some way, to achieve stature and recognition for his contributions, and he is not willing to take a back seat - at least not for very long.  In order to achieve his aims, though, Keanu Reeves will have to compromise and "give" more than he may be willing to.  Thus, conflicts with others, particularly important men in his life, may arise.  To accomplish his goals, Keanu may have to put aside some of his self-centeredness, and learn from these men!  However, Keanu Reeves may also be required at some point to make a break in order to stand on his own and fulfill his own destiny.
To achieve his long-range goals and ambitions, the process must be interesting and mentally stimulating, as Reeves gets bored with work that is not challenging intellectually.  Keanu Reeves needs variety and social stimulation as well.  One problem he may have is saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, or to the wrong person.  Keanu needs to watch his words.  His tongue or even his sense of humor can get Keanu Reeves in trouble with superiors at times.
His drives and ambitions in life may seem crazy or eccentric to the more conservative people Keanu knows.  There may well be no security or safety net (no retirement pension, no insurance benefits) in the work Keanu Reeves does.  He is suited for freelancing, or professions that involve lots of change, innovation, variety, irregular schedules, and the like.  Keanu Reeves should expect the unexpected and numerous ups and downs in the course of his life.  He may change course often, and try many different things.
In some ways Keanu Reeves may feels that he has little choice about his role in society.  He is compelled either by unusual outer circumstances or by an inner drive, to bring things which may be dark, difficult, or taboo, into public awareness.  Keanu delves into the hidden side of life, things which may have been purposefully concealed or repressed, and brings these things to light.  Keanu Reeves could come into direct conflict with the authorities or powers-that-be as a result.  He is apt to have extraordinary ambitions, and could also become overly zealous and fanatical.
His professional goals and long-range ambitions may be vague and difficult for Keanu Reeves to define for quite a long time.  This is partly due to the fact that they are not very conventional, concrete, or worldly.  Keanu is apt to have more of a spiritual vocation or calling.  Healing, counseling, the ministry, music, art - or some combination thereof - may well be part of his role in life.  On the other hand, Keanu Reeves may simply be confused and seemingly not ambitious at all in the professional realm.
He is very adaptable, and because of his tactful, obliging and cordial manner, others like being around him.  Keanu Reeves loves to be involved with associations or societies in the pursuit of common interests.
Astrological factors in this Astro Profile section:
Mars in Cancer
