Home » Arts & Entertainment » Keanu Reeves Death in Snowboard Accident Spreads As Hoax on Twitter
Keanu Reeves Death in Snowboard Accident Spreads As Hoax on Twitter
Posted by Javier Strauser on Feb 12th, 2012 // Comments off
In an unfortunate turn of events during mourning of Whitney Houston’s death in Beverly Hills, Keanu Reeves has been the victim of a Twitter death hoax. Keanu Reeves is still being discussed on Twitter by people claiming that he’s dead and still spreading the rumor. The rumor is that Keanu Reeves was snowboarding on vacation at Zermatt ski resort and had an accident hitting a tree.
Looking into where the tweets are spreading from we’ve isolated it down to one site that some people are referring to as credible. The site is under MediaFetcher.com and makes the story look real with a Global Associated News logo at the top, a photo of an air lift of Keanu Reeves and a video about Zermatt Ski resort.
The fake website and story leaves this report:
“Actor Keanu Reeves is reported to have died shortly after a snowboard accident earlier today – February 12, 2012.
The actor & novice snowboarder was vacationing at the Zermatt ski resort in Zermatt, Switzerland with family and friends. Witnesses indicate that Keanu Reeves lost control of his snowboard and struck a tree at a high rate of speed.
Keanu Reeves was air lifted by ski patrol teams to a local hospital, however, it is believed that the actor died instantly from the impact of the crash. The actor was wearing a helmet at the time of the accident and drugs and alcohol do not appear to have played any part in his death.”
When scanning the entire site you can see the bottom footer states, “FAKE… THIS STORY IS 100% FAKE! this is an entertainment website, and this is a totally fake article based on zero truth and is a complete work of fiction for entertainment purposes! this story was dynamically generated using a generic ‘template’ and is not factual. Any reference to specific individuals has been 100% fabricated by web site visitors who have created fake stories by entering a name into a blank ‘non-specific’ template for the purpose of entertainment. For sub-domain info, name removal requests and additional use restrictions: FakeAWish.com.”
Keanu Reeves death in a snowboard accident is still spreading as a hoax and we hope this our news report can help put a stop to it. Keanu Reeves has been reported to be perfectly fine and is well and alive. One person on Twitter named @stacyherbert tweeted that, “For third time in past 18 months, Keanu Reeves has died in third twitter hoax.”
For third time in past 18 months, Keanu Reeves has died in third twitter hoax.
— Stacy Herbert (@stacyherbert) February 12, 2012
Celebrity death hoaxes are becoming a trend in themselves and are even more likely to happen when there is a real death of a celebrity that is tramatic like Whitney Houston’s recent death. Other Tweets on Twitter talking about Keanu Reeves death hoax or continuing to spread the horrible rumor are as follows:
Actor Keanu Reeves is reported to have died shortly after a snowboard accident earlier today.
May u rest in peace.
— Firdaus Maulana (@maulanaHM) February 12, 2012
 
— Nicole Heathcote (@Nicoleheathcote) February 12, 2012
 
The truth is Keanu Reeves has been brain dead ever since an unfortunate glue sniffing incident on the set of Bill & Ted.
— Doctor Danger MD (@Danger_Doc) February 12, 2012
GD Star Rating
loading...
