View the Gallery / 25 Photos »
Keanu Reeves, seen greeting fans in London at a book signing, can now add ‘depressing author’ to his list of accomplishments. The ‘Bill & Ted’ actor along with Los Angeles artist Alexandra Grant have published a book entitled ‘Ode to Happiness’ through German publisher Gerhard Steidl. The title is not to be taken seriously, however, as the book is actually anything but happy. With lines like “I draw a hot sorrow bath/In my despair room,” and a finale that depicts an image of a black hole and the line: “It can always be worse,” the book is sure to be popular amongst the Emo-crowd.
PHOTOS: Keanu Reeves Attends Screening of “Henry’s Crime”
Don’t start feeling too sorry for Reeves though, as he assures fans the book is not a reflection of his own mental state, but rather a joke between friends. Reeves tells The Guardian that the Emo-themed book of depression and sorrow was written by accident while Reeves and his friend, Janey Bergam were listening to an especially depressing radio station.
“I was in my kitchen hanging out with my friend Janey, and the radio was on – and this station was playing, like, an orgy of depressing, self-pitying, nostalgic music. You know: ‘I’m so lonely and I’ve been left and my heart is broken.’ It was so voluptuously horrible. And I just started to write on this piece of paper, because I had this image of, you know, that moment when you take that bath, you light that candle, and you’re really just kind of depressed. And it was making Janey laugh so hard, I just kept going, piling on the self-pity.”
What’s next for Keanu Reeves?
“I’m considering another idea I call ‘Haikus of Hope.’ Basically like, ‘I want to kill myself,’ and go from there. Going into such a dark place that you can somehow surprisingly find the light at the end of the tunnel – but anice end of the tunnel. Not the end of the tunnel.”
What do you think, is his jump into depressing authorship funny or sad? The actor has kept busy in Hollywood and appears to be rather cheerful these days, but it sounds like Reeves might have some deeper emotional problems then he is letting on.
