3rd Water sign - 4th Mutable sign - Feminine
In analogy with Neptune her ruler with Jupiter, and the 12th House
Pisces governs the feet and the blood circulation.
Her colour is green or purple or turquoise blue, her stone is the amethyst, her day is Thursday, her professions are seamanship and and faraway travels, musician, social and emergency worker, doctor, writer and jobs in remote places...
If your sign is Pisces or your Ascendant is Pisces: you are emotional, sensitive, dedicated, adaptable, nice, wild, compassionate, romantic, imaginative, flexible, opportunist, intuitive, impossible to categorized, irrational, seductive, placid, secretive, introverted, pleasant, artistic, and charming. But you may also be indecisive, moody, confused, wavering, lazy, scatterbrained, vulnerable, unpredictable and gullible.
Some traditional associations with Pisces: Countries: Portugal, Scandinavia, small Mediterranean islands, Gobi desert, Sahara. Cities: Jerusalem, Warsaw, Alexandria, Seville, Santiago de Compostela. Animals: fishes, aquatic mammals and all animals living in the water. Food: melons, cucumbers, lettuces, vegemite sugar, pumpkins. Herbs and aromatics: lemon, chicory, limes, mosses. Flowers and plants: water lilies, willows, aquatic plants. Trees: fig-trees, willows, aquatic trees. Stones, Metals and Salts: heliotropes, moonstone, platinum, tin, iron phosphate and potassium sulphate.
Sun 9°42' Virgo, in House XII
Sun Aspects
Sun conjunction Mercury orb +0°16'
Sun conjunction Uranus orb +0°42'
Sun conjunction Pluto orb +4°08'
Sun semi-square Venus orb +0°47'
Sun opposite Saturn orb -8°39'
Sun sextile Neptune orb +5°43'
Sun sextile Moon orb -6°38'
Planets: Sun
The Sun represents vitality, individuality, will-power and creative energy and honours. For a woman, it also represents her father, and later her husband. The Sun is one of  the most important symbols in the birth chart, as much as the Ascendant, then the Moon (a bit less for a man), the ruler of the Ascendant and the fast-moving planets.
It's element is fire; it is hot and dry, it governs Leo, is in exaltation in Aries and is in analogy with the heart. It represents the boss, authority, beside the father and the husband ; the age of the Sun goes from 20 years old to about 40, following the Venus age when one is aware of his seductive power.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary, passionate type.
Interpretation of the 9° Virgo symbolic degree
"By the bank of a pond covered with reeds, an agitated woman gesticulates in front of another woman reclining on the grass who laughs at her."
Gentle, easy-going, and quiet character. There is a strong possibility that the spouse is lazy and irascible, and that marriage is unhappy. In some cases, one is wealthy but indulges in excesses of all sorts. If in the natal chart, Jupiter or Mars is on this degree, it heralds honours brought about by dubious events such as financial gains linked to sex, a settlement for a divorce, an illegitimate birth, etc.
Sun in Virgo
You strive to organize the components of your daily life. While external disorders do not affect you, everything related to your personality and your environment must be tidy. You have a perfectionist but anxious nature, exceedingly meticulous: you enjoy discussing details, analyzing and criticizing. Your concern to keep your environment under your control requires modesty and distance. However, it is impossible to mention your sign without shedding away a wrong, although generally accepted idea: no, Virgo is not doomed to the lowest steps’ eternal servitudes! She is not the society’s reject who works in the last office at the dead end of the corridor. Virgo is aware of her limits and she prefers to stick to what she masters rather than to venture into hazardous places. Her capacity to keep her small universe under control constitutes a major asset, an extraordinary drive for growth. As one focuses on what one excels in, one can go a long, a very long way… With methods that you probably devised yourself, you clarify, you purify and you work by a process of elimination, up to the point where only the essential remains. You may lack ambition. Never mind! You leave panache and appearances to superficial people and you take up challenges in your unique style: with discretion, restraint and reserve.
Sun in House XII
In your natal chart, the Sun is in the 12th House, which the Tradition considers the sector of mystical experiences, but also, of ordeals and hurdles. You believe that spiritual evolution is achieved through ordeals and through renunciation. Besides, to your view, voluntary renunciation is the best way to avoid confrontations and hurdles. You long for a different world, and owing to your intuition, your thinking pattern is poetic and innovative.
Sun Dominant
If the Sun is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Solarian: you loathe pettiness and Machiavellian manoeuvre, and you are fond of natural nobleness as well as of direct and honest attitudes. You endeavour to get out of muddled or dark situations as quickly as possible. Your need for transparency may lead you to make cut-and-dried judgments such as yes or no, and black or white. However, your honesty commands your entourage's consideration. At times, you come across as authoritarian. It is true that you never want to be thought of the notable absentee, and that you manage to make people pay attention to you, as well as to your plans and your assessments. To this end, the Solarian sometimes develops a great talent for placing himself under the spotlight without missing a single opportunity to arouse interest. Some other Solarians, although more discreet, still manage to be the focus of any debate, even in situations of exclusion. It is your way of being present even though you are actually not there... More than other people, you appreciate the esteem extended to you. It is useless to cheat with you, since in all areas you consider establishing enduring relationships only with those who love you, admire you, respect you, or express some degree of affection to you. Your will to straighten out your inter-personal relationships is your strength and sometimes, your Achilles' heel. You cannot achieve anything behind the scenes. Therefore, your comportment is marked with heroism, and your stands are devoid of ambiguity, in the sense that your commitments are unfailing, and your rebuffs, final.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Moon 16°20' Cancer, in House XI
Moon Aspects
Moon trine Neptune orb -0°54'
Moon conjunction Mars orb +5°28'
Moon conjunction Venus orb +7°34'
Moon sextile Pluto orb -2°30'
Moon sesqui-quadrate Saturn orb +0°17'
Moon sextile Uranus orb -5°56'
Sun sextile Moon orb -6°38'
Moon sextile Mercury orb -6°22'
Planets: Moon
The Moon represents instinctive reaction, unconscious predestination, everyday mood, sensitivity, emotions, the feminine side of the personality, intuition, imagination. For a man, she represents his mother and later his wife, and his relationship with women in general. For a woman, the Moon is almost as important as the Sun and the Ascendant. Her element is water, she is cold and moist, she rules Cancer, is in exaltation in Taurus and is in analogy with the stomach.
She symbolizes the mother, wife, the crowd, the Moon is associated with birth and childhood. Tradition also matches her with the end of life, after Saturn the old age, it is thus customary to go back to one's place of birth to die: the end of life meets the very beginning.
Temperament : Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, non Active and Primary, Nervous or Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 16° Cancer symbolic degree
"Dazzling flashes of lightning streak the sky at night."
Nervous, sensual, and passionate character. One is endowed with excellent pioneering and leadership skills. One achieves outstanding success in one's country and abroad. Careers in science, the arts, or religion are very favoured, as well as efforts to carry out reforms. Excessive compassion may prompt to show generosity towards people who do not deserve it.
Moon in Cancer
On the day and at the time of your birth, the Moon was in the sign of Cancer Your nature is contemplative. You live in a realm made of images, sensations and emotions. Your private secrets constitute a jungle full of symbols and souvenirs. You have a vivid memory of the past and a very present feeling of previous experiences and emotions. Your family roots remain omnipresent in your intimate behaviours and influence your habits. Your lunar sign belongs to the Cancer-Capricorn zodiacal axis that is particularly selective and self-protective: your close friends are handpicked and cautiously chosen for their natural suitability to your personal realm. The external world is often disturbing. Therefore, you must create an enclosed environment where your fragile sensitivity can blossom at will. The only danger may be that you confine your life rhythms in immutable rites and in a simplistic daily ceremonial. With more flexible intimate behaviours, your sensitivity can be fully expressed and the absolute harmony you dream of can be achieved.
Moon in House XI
The Moon is in the 11th House. This configuration prompts to seek various and sometimes superficial friendships. You feel comfortable within a group of friends, and you are very fond of parties, outings, and gatherings. People surrounding you reassure you and constitute your second family. You tend to trust them a priori. However, make no mistake. Indeed, when the spell is broken and friendships are unreliable, the wind changes.
Moon Dominant
If the Moon is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Lunarian: the driving force behind your actions is mainly the pursuit of well-being and tranquillity. Your sensitive and romantic self lives on those periods of rest during which you let your imagination wander at will. This is your way of finding inspiration and balance. Nothing is allowed to disturb your feeling of fulfilment and security within a harmonious cell, be it a family or a clan. More than other people, the Lunarian is attached to those moments during which one forgets one's worries and lets oneself cast adrift aimlessly, with no other goal than to be lulled into an ambiance, a situation, or a perfect moment. Many people do not understand such absences and their meaning, which is to regain strength. These people readily describe you with such unflattering terms as apathy and nonchalance. Never mind! Some inspirations require surrendering as well as striking a balance derived from alternate action and passivity. Your qualities are expressed to the fullest in situations which demand familiarity and privacy. Your capacities to respect and blend into your environment is at least as valuable as some other people's aggressive dispositions. However, you are well-advised to avoid indolence and renunciation out of laziness or indifference.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mercury 9°58' Я Virgo, in House XII
Mercury Aspects
Sun conjunction Mercury orb +0°16'
Mercury conjunction Uranus orb +0°26'
Mercury conjunction Pluto orb +3°52'
Mercury opposite Saturn orb -8°55'
Mercury semi-square Venus orb +1°03'
Mercury sextile Neptune orb +5°27'
Moon sextile Mercury orb -6°22'
Planets: Mercury
Mercury represents communication, logical and rational mind, intellectual skills. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Virgo and Gemini, is in exaltation in Virgo and is in analogy with the arms, hands, nervous system.
It represents tradesmen, lawyers, messengers; the age of Mercury goes from 8 or10 years old to about 15..
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, Active and Primary, Nervous or Sanguine type.
Interpretation of the 9° ; Virgo symbolic degree
"By the bank of a pond covered with reeds, an agitated woman gesticulates in front of another woman reclining on the grass who laughs at her."
Gentle, easy-going, and quiet character. There is a strong possibility that the spouse is lazy and irascible, and that marriage is unhappy. In some cases, one is wealthy but indulges in excesses of all sorts. If in the natal chart, Jupiter or Mars is on this degree, it heralds honours brought about by dubious events such as financial gains linked to sex, a settlement for a divorce, an illegitimate birth, etc.
Mercury in Virgo
Mercury describes your relations, your communication skills and the way you relate to the external world. However, other astrological elements also influence these areas. The sign Mercury occupies is significant only if Mercury is part of your planetary dominantes. In your chart, Mercury is in Virgo. Communication is discreet and balanced. It is important that you properly understand the limits of your knowledge and your contacts. Assimilating information is fine. But for you, organizing them is better. You are a perfectionist regarding the choice and the quality of your relationships: limits must be borne in mind. You are credited with an analytical and often critical mind. Because every small detail may be meaningful, as you face new situations, you are anxious to keep them under control and you analyze persons and events with a magnifying glass. Your observation abilities allow you to understand the ins and outs of any given problem. The only danger is that you may clutter you life with meaningless trivial details.
Mercury in House XII
With Mercury in the 12th House, you are in search of the unknown. You display keen curiosity about strange topics, the paranormal, as well as unusual people and worlds. Your intuition and your analytical mind form one whole piece, and they perfectly blend into each other. You try to understand what is unexplainable, and to feel what is impalpable, which boils down to squaring the circle! In such conditions, it is most likely that your mode of communication has its own specific rules. Your comportment is pretty bizarre.
Mercury Dominant
If Mercury is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Mercurian: the tradition points out the importance of communication. From idle but enriching chatters to observation gift, such a dominant endows you with a wide range of expression. Human beings have one thousand facets and one thousand masks they wear according to circumstances and the fortunes of the game of life. You take the role of an observer who is avid for novelties, discoveries, and surprises. Everything catches your attention and becomes an opportunity for new encounters, relationships, and learning. The world amazes you, amuses you sometimes, and stimulates your curiosity. Because the most important thing is to discover, and because you consider that each new situation is packed with potentialities, you try to fill the gaps in your knowledge. Although your open-mindedness may scatter your centres of interest, it also enables you to carefully avoid sticking to only one immutable and rigid view. The slightest sign enables you to perceive the other side of the coin, as well as the infinite complexity of people and of situations. On the human plane, you seek the dialogue and the information without which you know that you are not able to fully grasp the nature of your interlocutor. This keen interest in the Unknown sharpens your inter-relational skills. All these qualities are traditionally associated with Mercury.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Venus 23°54' Cancer, in House XI
Venus Aspects
Venus conjunction Mars orb +2°05'
Moon conjunction Venus orb +7°34'
Venus sextile Jupiter orb -1°57'
Sun semi-square Venus orb +0°47'
Mercury semi-square Venus orb +1°03'
Venus bi-quintile Saturn orb -1°08'
Venus semi-square Uranus orb +1°29'
Planets: Venus
Venus represents the way one loves, relationships, sharing, affectivity, seductive ability. For men, she also corresponds to the kind of woman he's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is more symbolized by the Moon, Venus is the lover and not the wife). Her element is the Air, she is moist, rules Taurus and Libra, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the kidneys, the venous system, the bladder, the neck.
She represents the artists, tradesmen, occupations linked to beauty and charm; the age of Venus goes from 15 to about 25 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine and Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type.
Interpretation of the 23° Cancer symbolic degree
"On the rampart of a fortified castle, a flag flutters in the wind. Further down in the field, horses snort playfully."
Noble, persevering, and ambitious character. Obstacles and enmities are overcome with ease and panache. Success, fame, and wealth are the rewards of one's undertakings and hard work. All activities related to horses are very favoured.
Venus in Cancer
Venus describes your affective life. On the day of your birth, she is found in Cancer. Emotions and sensations are indissociable from your imagination, your dreams and your inner life. There is something romantic and fabulous in the way you experience love. You can really feel passion only within a subtle, refined and quite mysterious relationship. In love, your imagination has unlimited powers. Tenderness is the key to your sentimental fulfilment. You dread violent passions and storms and you strive to fulfil your needs for gentleness and harmony. For you, love is a refuge. You treasure the security of your couple cell and you protect the intimacy and the secrets of your relationship. Feelings make you dream… Your affectivity is romantic and whimsical. Whims are of course the indispensable ingredients of your sentimental life, its salt and sugar. However, you may pour too much salt in your affectivity! Imagination may be tricky. You become the victim of your mood swings and strange desires overwhelm your thoughts. Your romantic sensitivity requires its fair share of dreams and mystery. Better than anyone, you create an atmosphere of sweet intimacy, which is the basis of a fulfilled love relationship, even, and above all, in the everyday life.
Venus in House XI
Venus expresses her characteristics through the 11th House values. You make no difference between fraternal friendship and absolute love. Affective relationships are marked by a complicity which turns your couple into a full-fledged entity. Al least, in theory! Although the application of this principle does not go without creating problems, you stick to your ambition to establish exemplary relationships. The world is so much more beautiful when affectivity comes into play! Do you have friends who are artists, or sensitive to aesthetics?
Venus Dominant
If Venus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Venusian: you are a sensual and emotional person particularly receptive to the natural likes and dislikes aroused by your contact with people. You are prone to frequent instinctive aversions and true passions which are exclusively driven by the feeling of love. The heart has its reasons which Reason knows nothing of... Your balance is based on the richness of your affective life. Without love, the Venusian is resourceless, lost, and deprived of any reason for living. You have an obvious and strong will to charm and to arouse the attachments without which you cannot properly function. Every area of your life is thus marked by your affectivity. The danger is that you may "be taken in" by charm. In such cases, you would prefer to keep your emotions under better control. Thus, hyper-sensitivity has its own inconveniences. Nevertheless, better than anyone else, you know how to play with feelings and attractions. Although you are sometimes caught in the traps of an over sensitive emotionalism, feelings remain your best assets in many circumstances. There is another aspect to the Venusian dominant. According to the Tradition, this planet rules the Arts, and you are endowed with some degree of artistic dispositions, ranging from good to excellent.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mars 21°49' Cancer, in House XI
Mars Aspects
Moon conjunction Mars orb +5°28'
Venus conjunction Mars orb +2°05'
Mars trine Neptune orb -6°23'
Mars sextile Jupiter orb -4°03'
Planets: Mars
Mars represents the desire for action and physical energy, sexuality, strength. For a woman, Mars corresponds to the kind of man she's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is rather symbolized by the Sun, Mars is the lover, not the husband). Fire is its element, it is hot and dry, and it rules Aries and Scorpio (along with Pluto), is in exaltation with Capricorn and is in analogy with the muscles and the spleen.
It represents the soldiers, sportsmen, warriors, surgeons, blacksmiths... ; the age of Mars goes from 42 to 50 years old.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type. It is a Choleric.
Interpretation of the 21° Cancer symbolic degree
"A man stands on top of a mountain with a commanding staff in his hand, his face ablaze with the setting sun."
Ambitious, enduring, and radiant character. Owing to one's exceptional intelligence and physical strength, one can accomplish sporting feats. One is attracted to adventures and interested in the natural laws which rule such topics as waves or astronomy. At the height of one's career, when one least expects it, one may be toppled from one's position. Despite numerous ordeals, one always gets out of bad situations thanks to one's own merits, and one achieves success, fame, honours, and wealth. Mid-life is a period when one may experience sudden threats through water such as floods or drowning. Therefore, one must avoid foolhardiness. Old age is happy.
Mars in Cancer
The planet Mars indicates how you react to life concrete stimulations. It also describes your fighting spirit, your abilities to stand for yourself and to take action. With Mars in Cancer, it is mainly within your familiar and intimate realm that you express your will. You may appear as an exceedingly flexible person, with no ascendancy over the external world. But this is misleading; when your life setting or your entourage are endangered, you may be forceful. You limit the scope of your action to the areas you control very well and you do not fight against things you are not deeply involved in. You prefer to dedicate your energy to struggling against circumstances that may endanger your environment. You concentrate your strength and this is probably the cause of your rare but dreaded interventions.
Mars in House XI
With Mars in the 11th House, you are concerned about lost causes. More than anyone else, you feel the need to take action now, straight away, and to devote yourself in order to improve the situation. You don't need to make long speeches! What is important is to actively participate, on the field, in the project you are interested in. You never hesitate to intervene when individual freedom is threatened, or when injustice strikes one of your close friends.
Mars Dominant
If Mars is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Marsian: in your hand-to-hand struggle for life, you demonstrate an acute and active sense of confrontation with the world, with other people, and with your own destiny. You need to take action and to fight for your projects and your desires. You perceive all situations with deep intensity, and you react to the here and now without bothering to step back in order to ensure that events are under your control. You take up challenges with excessive foolhardiness as a consequence of your impulsiveness. However, better than anyone else, you know how to mobilise your resources in case of crisis. You take action whenever it is necessary to do so, and you are present in a timely manner. With Mars, your attitudes are dictated by the realities of the moment, by your emotions, and by everything which proved to have worked in the past. When this dominant is not well integrated, it may bring about an aggressive or impulsive behaviour. Therefore, you must learn to control your hyper-sensitivity and your fits of temper. You are also endowed with Marsian qualities: the fighting spirit and the taste for duel without which one may find oneself overwhelmed by events. When this willpower is well channelled, its precious energy enables to cope with all sorts of contingencies. There are a thousand ways to win, and a thousand challenges to take up with the enthusiasm and the dynamism which make life so worthy. A certain idea of life which is wild, passionate, and in tune with events.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Jupiter 25°52' Taurus, in House IX
Jupiter Aspects
Venus sextile Jupiter orb -1°57'
Jupiter square Saturn orb -5°10'
Mars sextile Jupiter orb -4°03'
Planets: Jupiter
Jupiter represents expansion and power, benevolence, large vision and generosity. Its element is Air, it is hot and moist, and it rules Sagittarius and Pisces (along with Neptune), is in exaltation with Cancer and is in analogy with the hips and endocrinal system.
It represents the governors, magistrates, professors, religious men too; the age of Jupiter goes from 50 to 55 or even 70 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is an extrovert Choleric. Actually the humid version of Mars, inclined to action like him.
Interpretation of the 25° Taurus symbolic degree
"A fair-haired woman holds a child by the hand and picks flowers in the countryside. A benevolent man lends a hand to help them cross a ford."
Affectionate, peaceful and pleasant character. One is very good at smoothing out rough edges and at helping people settle their disputes in a peaceful way. One finds happiness in accomplishing ordinary duties, appreciates peace at home, and shows tolerance in all fields.
Jupiter in Taurus
The planet Jupiter symbolizes expansion, broadness and generosity. Jupiter is associated with the functions of synthesis, enthusiasm and optimism. In your natal chart, his house position is more important than his sign position because, like Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Jupiter in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Jupiter in Taurus amplifies your practical sense and your capacity to improve your material life. You can experience a long-lasting fulfilment. You are often a bon viveur who likes life’s good things. You manage and develop your patrimony with a lot of luck and generosity. Your taste is very good and your loyalty is genuine.
Jupiter in House IX
Jupiter is in the 9th House. The traditional "Great Benefic" is in the sector of travels, discoveries, and spirituality. This configuration endows you with a broad mind and an inclination for explorations which are more tolerant than conquering, in a word, for altruism. Expansion is a quality when it is carried out without harming other people. You fully possess this quality. The Tradition underlines that your moral sense is highly developed.
Jupiter Dominant
If Jupiter is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Jupiterian: because this planet brings about a keen interest in social and professional success, the Tradition considers it to be beneficial. Indeed, you know how to adjust to events and to jump at the chance when it arises. The members of you entourage gladly entrust you with high responsibilities because they are often impressed by your learning skills and your adaptation abilities as you deal with new structures and new languages. What is the secret of your good star? It is your self-confidence which wins public support. Now, what is the secret of your charm? Definitely, enthusiasm, euphoria, and exaltation. Exaggeration also. When this dominant is well integrated, it is a factor of affluence and optimism, and a certain degree of joviality enables you to easily fit into various spheres. It constitutes your main asset to manage your life. However, you must at times curb your desire for integration, lest your sense of opportunity turns into extreme opportunism. Here also, the key to success lies in a correct estimate of everyone's chances and possibilities. Although management is one of your forte, and you can adjust your objectives to current realities better than other people, you lack the hindsight which enables  you to avoid short-term vagaries and daily fluctuations. If you strive too much to adapt, you run a risk of betraying yourself. This is the other traditional side of the coin with "The Greater Benefic"!
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Saturn 1°02' Я Pisces, in House VI
Saturn Aspects
Moon sesqui-quadrate Saturn orb +0°17'
Jupiter square Saturn orb -5°10'
Sun opposite Saturn orb -8°39'
Mercury opposite Saturn orb -8°55'
Saturn opposite Uranus orb -9°21'
Venus bi-quintile Saturn orb -1°08'
Planets: Saturn
Saturn represents concentration, effort, perseverance, time,  the hard reality, inevitable consequences. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Capricorn and Aquarius (along with Uranus), is in exaltation in Libra and is in analogy with the bones (skeleton) and the skin.
It represents the grandparents, old people, scientists, knowledgeable men, Saturn corresponds to old age; it goes from 70 years old until death.
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Non-Emotive, Active and Secondary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type or sometimes Non-Emotive, non Active and Secondary type; it is a Phlegmatic, a Sentimental or an Empathic type
Interpretation of the 1° ; Pisces symbolic degree
"On a glassy sea, a treasure chest drifts towards an idle man on the shore who plays with the sand and lets it flow through his fingers."
Carefree, lazy, and selfish character. One believes in the principle of the least effort, and one prefers to leave things to chance, thus wasting many nice opportunities. If one does not decide to adopt a more active behaviour and take advantage of one's capacities, one must be prepared to undergo a life fraught with hurdles, ordeals, and disappointments.
Saturn in Pisces
The planet Saturn symbolizes contraction, effort, time, limitation and concentration. Saturn eliminates anything that is not authentic, sooner or later. It is impossible to cheat him as he gives an irresistible desire to form a coherent whole with oneself, in responsible and wise ways. He is the great purifier. He represents our limitations but also our truth. In your natal chart, the house position where Saturn is posited is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Saturn in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Saturn in Pisces limits your ability to feel other people’s emotions or to profusely express your own feelings. For this reason, you are less vulnerable but at the same time, you can revel in isolation. On the other hand, you are genuine, you cannot be satisfied with chimeras and you remain far away from illusions but also… from dreams!
Saturn in House VI
In your natal chart, Saturn is in the 6th House. Rigour is the best means to define yourself and find your function within the world. Your character is serious, and the way you behave in society and fulfil your daily tasks is highly meticulous. In the professional area, your integrity is deeply appreciated. You do not cheat, and you prefer to speak the truth rather than to allow shaky compromises to overwhelm your life setting. It is most likely that, at times, you have to bear the consequences of your intransigent image.
Saturn Dominant
If Saturn is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Saturnian: you gladly leave to other people the decision to take life as it comes. As far as you are concerned, you prefer to take advantage of your experiences in order to discover, to grow, and to question yourself.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Uranus 10°24' Virgo, in House XII
Uranus Aspects
Mercury conjunction Uranus orb +0°26'
Sun conjunction Uranus orb +0°42'
Uranus conjunction Pluto orb +3°26'
Uranus sextile Neptune orb +5°01'
Moon sextile Uranus orb -5°56'
Saturn opposite Uranus orb -9°21'
Venus semi-square Uranus orb +1°29'
Planets: Uranus
Uranus represents individual freedom, originality, independence, marginality, avant guard inspiration, ultra modernism. Fire is its element, it is dry, and it rules Aquarius, is in exaltation with Scorpio and is in analogy with the brain and the nerves.
It represents inventors, odd characters, revolutionaries.
Temperament : Nervous to the extreme
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary type; it is a Passionate type.
Interpretation of the 10° Virgo symbolic degree
"A man rides a horse at full gallop with his forefinger upwards in a gesture of authority. "
Inventive, generous and tolerant character endowed with a flexible mind devoid of prejudices. One understands that the importance of money is relative, and thus, one behaves with altruism. Thanks to one's wide range of talents, success and honours are achieved in one's field of competence.
Uranus in Virgo
The planet Uranus symbolizes originality, independence and cerebral energy bursting suddenly. Uranus triggers the irresistible need for freedom that we have in ourselves. Uranus tends to break the constraints that have become unbearable and gives us the courage and the will to get rid of what has become a burden; when he is well aspected, he also indicates genius. In your natal chart, Uranus’ house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Uranus in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Uranus in Virgo makes you nervous to the extent that you become doubtful. Indeed, your mental activity is intense and questions pop up in such great numbers that you become overwhelmed and worried. But your ingenuity is often remarkable, particularly in the scientific area.
Uranus in House XII
With Uranus in the 12th House, you set high standards for your ideals. Beyond self-interests and frenzied individualism, you look for a reason for living, for a model, or for a guide. You are open to revelations which may radically change your manner and your life. A clap of thunder out of the blue... Your marks crumble, and new convictions crop up. This is a U-turn! However, you must be wary of all kinds of fanaticism.
Uranus Dominant
If Uranus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Uranian: personal values are prevailing. Inner certainties fuel an inflexible will and a desire to call attention on yourself as well as to follow your beliefs through. This planet prompts you to behave with determination, to put forward your own truth, and to start your personal revolution. More than other people, you are willing to keep some degree of autonomy in all circumstances, and you often display an individualistic nature. In order to achieve your ideal of freedom and independence, you may act like a despot as you try to convince and to impose your views, whether smoothly or forcefully. Regardless of the flexibility of your comportment, some situations demand an absolute firmness as well as uncompromising, frank and straightforward attitudes. People may criticise you for your intransigence and say that you are a hardliner. Outsider's opinions don't matter! The most important thing is that you act in all conscience and reach your primary objectives. More than anyone else, you know how to use your willpower and to focus your energy on a precise aim, relentlessly, whatever the consequences might be. In the chapter of qualities, let's mention a definite sense of responsibility, an innovative mind open to techniques and modern ideas, as well as a natural self-discipline which overcomes many an obstacle. Therefore, people are well-advised not to hound you into a corner.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Neptune 15°25' Scorpio, in House III
Neptune Aspects
Moon trine Neptune orb -0°54'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb +1°35'
Mars trine Neptune orb -6°23'
Uranus sextile Neptune orb +5°01'
Sun sextile Neptune orb +5°43'
Mercury sextile Neptune orb +5°27'
Planets: Neptune
Neptune represents escapism, impressionability, daydreaming, delusions, carelessness, deception or intuition, dishonesty or inspiration, telepathy. Water is its element, it is moist, it rules Pisces, is in exaltation in Cancer, though some authors say it is Leo, and is in analogy with the vegetative system.
It represents dreamers, mediums, magicians, merchants of illusion, drug addicts.
Temperament : rather Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active, Primary or Secondary type; it is a Sentimental, or sometimes Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 15° Scorpio symbolic degree
"On the seashore, birds of prey chase away a wolf which tries to get near a carcass."
Independent, scheming, and quarrelsome character. One does not hesitate to embark on dangerous adventures, which brings about in failure and ruin.
Neptune in Scorpio
The planet Neptune symbolizes extreme receptivity, intense emotional sharpness, impressionability and inspiration; it is the planet of mediums, mystics and religious faith. In an astrological chart, it indicates dilution, vagueness, understanding one’s environment through emotions and the absence of clear and determined limits and structures. In your natal chart, Neptune’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Neptune in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Neptune in Scorpio amplifies your emotions and adds more affectivity into your sexuality. Your fantasies have no limit and you revel in mysteries…
Neptune in House III
Neptune is in the 3rd House. Assimilation of knowledge and learning to deal with relationships is above all a matter of intuition. Your mode of communication is influenced by your impressions and the way you feel situations. Your fertile imagination constantly interferes with numerous external information. You seek, or you unconsciously provoke, magical, romantic, and bewitching encounters. Psychology and sensitivity prevail over the cold logic ruling relationships.
Neptune Dominant
If Neptune is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Neptunian: your intuition is highly developed. You are of a contemplative nature, and you are particularly receptive to ambiances, places, and people. You gladly cultivate the art of letting-go, and you allow the natural unfolding of events to construct your world. You follow your inspirations, for better or for worse. At times, you display an extraordinary clairvoyance gift. You seem to be able to read your subconscious like a book, and you track down subtle underlying mechanisms, flaws, or open breaches. This innate intuition might explain the strokes of good luck which the Neptunian is sometimes credited with. However, you may also be the victim of illusions and misleading intuitions. You are an idealist, and you let your deepest aspirations prevail over the realities of the moment. Then, you set off in quest of some quixotic objective, living like a Don Quixote who relentlessly pursues an impossible dream. You have a great talent for psychology and the mysteries of the human soul. Since you instinctively perceive people's intents and motivations, as you swim in the complexity of human nature, you feel in your element. The subtlety of your perceptiveness is the source of both special affections and irrevocable rejections. What is the danger of such a dominant? If it is not offset by other influences in your natal chart, you may not have an iron will. Your trump card is your instinct, which may be developed to the extent that it becomes clairvoyance.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Pluto 13°50' Virgo, in House I
Pluto Aspects
Mercury conjunction Pluto orb +3°52'
Sun conjunction Pluto orb +4°08'
Uranus conjunction Pluto orb +3°26'
Moon sextile Pluto orb -2°30'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb +1°35'
Planets: Pluto
Pluto represents deep transformations, mutations and eliminations, sexuality and magnetism, power and secrets, destruction with a view to regeneration, the phoenix rising from the ashes. Its element is indefinite; burning (like lava in fusion ?), it rules Scorpio, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the sexual organs and excretion.
It represents dictators, sadistic people, violent characters, is instinctive and powerful but also mysterious with hidden strengths.
Temperament : rather Bilious
Characterology : Emotive or non-Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is a Passionate Choleri typec.
Interpretation of the 13° Virgo symbolic degree
"A man drills a rock with a pick while an ox pulls a heavy tree trunk."
Practical, honest, and unambitious character. Intellectual abilities are of average level and focused on down to earth matters. Life is devoted to a hard work which is not very profitable, and one has no desire to outshine others or to get a preferment. Indeed, one prefers to follow the same old path as one's predecessors. This degree indicates a risk of accidents or of losing a limb.
Pluto in Virgo
The planet Pluto symbolizes deep disruptions and upheavals, domination and sexual instincts, and the inner power we have in ourselves. Pluto destroys in order to reconstruct and he provokes painful crises that are needed in metamorphosis. Pluto is our deepest instincts’ brutal force. It is the hidden and unconscious violence that can explode in us with incredible intensity before being projected in our actions; in itself, the planet is not negative: the might and the intensity of its energy are beyond the conceivable but it can be funnelled. Pluto is the only possibility we have at our disposal to overcome our inner blocks and to eliminate outgrown situations that have become inextricable. Pluto’s energy is valuable because of its usefulness for the irreversible destruction of what constitutes a problem and not because of its negative side and its perversity. Pluto allows to reconstruct and to regenerate parts of our personality or whole stretches of our life, provided that we manage to funnel his wild energy and to step back. It is impossible to tame this energy, given its essence. However, it is possible to take advantage of it for a precise aim, through a temporary identification of some parts of us with this energy. In such a case, the outcome is our final evolution and even, our transformation. In your natal chart, Pluto’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, Pluto is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Pluto in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality and they are not to be really taken into account, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Pluto in Virgo brings about achievement capacities but obsessions also, because your natural instinct and anxiety give you the propensity to be doubtful.
Pluto in House I
With Pluto in the 1st House, your first look at other people is that of a foreigner. Indeed, you feel that you are different, set apart, and even excluded, the bearer of a different message or a different reality. Therefore, it is with a constant will to keep your distance that you discover the world. You do not want to be totally fooled, nor involved. No rule is absolute. People always have an agenda. It is up to you to unmask them right from the start.
N.B.: When a planet is posited near the cusp of the next astrological house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant or the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all the other houses), it is considered to be posited in the following house. This rule is used in the texts of this interactive chart and in all our astrological softwares.
Pluto Dominant
If Pluto is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Plutonian: you sometimes feel like a foreigner who does not belong to the world, to its laws, and its concerns. The rules of life in society are not necessarily yours. You are interested in what is unknown and in the subtle laws of a hidden order. So, you take malicious pleasure in ridiculing the patterns you find too simplistic or too rigid. You also revel in underlining the limits of explanations you deem too common. There is something unconventional about the way you are, the way you think, and the way you act. What is your specificity made of? Is it an extraordinary partner? A life off the beaten path? Or do you only distance yourself from conventional morals? In any case, you have the feeling, sometimes quite vague, that you come from nowhere, and that you do not belong to any definite group... In short, it means that you cannot be simplified in order to conform to existing models. The gap between you and ordinary mortals is also an element of your strength. Your deep clear-sightedness, firstly, enables you to put things into perspective and to grant them only the attention they deserve. Your other remarkable asset is your capacity to intervene from behind the scenes, to secretly organise events, and to bring about the desirable outcome without seeming to impose or to dictate anything. However, you must still overcome one of the major difficulties of this dominant, which is to get people to accept your difference and to smoothly fit into your environment.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Chiron 16°23' Я Pisces, in House VII
Asteroids: Chiron
Chiron is almost renowned and used everywhere. Most astrologers consider it as a kind of "mediator" between Saturn and outer planets. Consequently, Chiron is of Saturn's nature and at the same time is influenced by Uranus, the first slow-moving planet. Astrologically, it symbolizes wisdom, patience and the faculty to reduce others' sufferings: it is said to be the "great healer" of the zodiac. Like all the secondary bodies, it must be in close conjunction with planets or angles in order to fully express its action.
Interpretation of the 16° ; Pisces symbolic degree
"A man falling off a bridge calls for help, while another man throws himself into the river to commit suicide."
Pessimistic, misanthropic, and withdrawn character. Instead of shutting oneself away in an ivory tower, one ought to seek the company of cheerful and devoted friends. In the professional area, partnerships must be given priority because they can offset the threat of bankruptcy portended by this degree and ensure a decent standard of living. Dangers come from depressive tendencies and from water.
%DYNAMIQUE_23%
Asteroids: Ceres
Ceres, the biggest of the four minor asteroids used besides Chiron, is associated with the mythological goddess of growing plants and harvest and also symbolizes physical constitution, vitality and fertility. She's also known as Demeter, according to the astrologer Zipporah Dobyns, linked to the symbolism of the mother but in a less emotive and more physical way than the Moon. Ceres is thought to be the ruler of Virgo, in exaltation in Gemini, in exile in Pisces and in fall in Sagittarius. Keywords associated with Ceres could be order, practical sense, worry, precision, modesty, method, sobriety, motherhood, fertility, the Earth: a kind of a more cerebral Moon...
%TEXTES_23%
%DYNAMIQUE_24%
Asteroids: Pallas
Pallas is sometimes used in modern Astrology: she represents intelligence, abstract and global thinking talents. It is usually considered to be a determining element in political strategy.
%TEXTES_24%
%DYNAMIQUE_25%
Asteroids: Juno
Juno is the asteroid corresponding to the adaptation to the marital partner and to the defence of individual rights; it is thus used in the field of marriage.
%TEXTES_25%
