Post a comment
Where is Sandra Bullock now and how is she doing? This is the question everyone is asking. People are asking not out of morbid curiosity, but because she is genuinely loved by many of her fans. The answer to these questions are - Sandra Bullock is with family. They are comforting her and helping her through this horrific ordeal. Sandra Bullock has left the home she shared with Jesse James and is staying with family according to TVNZ.
Sandra Bullock has been contacted daily by her close friend and co-star, Hugh Grant. He has talked with Sandra on the phone and has been a great support to her, reports Show Biz Guide. Sandra is not sure what her next plan of action is regarding her marriage. She is not sure whether to end it now or fight for the marriage. Hugh Grant, who is not a stranger to tabloid headlines, has been listening and comforting Sandra as she decides.
Another close friend and co-star, Keanu Reeves, has also been in touch with his close friend, Sandra Bullock, during this trying time for her. Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock starred in the movie, "Speed" together. It was the romantic love story that they portrayed on the film, "The Lake House", is what we all thought Sandra Bullock had in real life with her husband Jesse James. I believe Sandra Bullock thought that way too, if the way she looks at her husband and talks about her husband is any evidence.
Sandra Bullock possesses a beauty, both inside and out. She has been a role model in modern Hollywood times, for her genuine honesty and what appears to be wholesome living. When she first started her relationship with Jesse James, it was an odd pairing - America's sweetheart and biker bad boy was the best way to describe it. As the couple became serious and then married, Jesse James' image changed in the eyes of the public.
Jesse went from being "bad boy" to a big teddy bear type of guy. This is what we have learned through Sandra Bullock's comments about her husband. She truly adored the man, who just tore her heart out. In a recent interview Sandra Bullock told the media that Jesse James "still takes her breath away after five years of marriage". Pictures say a thousand words and Sandra Bullock gazing at Jesse James in all of the snap shots of the two of them, shows the love and admiration she had for her husband.
It is good to hear Sandra is surrounded by the people who love her right now and it is also good to hear her friends are reaching out. What ever she decides to do, Sandra will have thought it through. She is level headed and I am sure she will come around and do the right thing regarding her marriage. What the right thing is - only Sandra Bullock can decide.
Published by Roz Zurko
Roz is a published freelance writer originally from Milford CT, a bedroom community for New York City.  She writes full time from home in MA.  She attended New Haven University and Graduated with a degree in...   View profile
