Getty Images More Keanu Reeves pics
Why is He famous
Since his breakout role as the eponymous slacker extraordinaire Ted, in the cult classic Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, Keanu Reeves has been playing a career-long game of hide-and-seek with his persona as the "original dude" or the "every dude." We don't know about you, but "every dude" we know hasn't made over $230 million for dressing up in a black leather trench coat and uttering lines like, "What is the Matrix?" But despite all his success, Keanu Reeves has maintained a humble approach to movie stardom -- maybe because his has been so fleeting over the years, which has endeared him to fans and colleagues alike, and earned him the reputation as one of the nicest "dudes" in show business.
After pictures surface of a sad Keanu staring at his sandwich on a park bench, North Americans were outraged that one of our most unsung Hollywood superstars could be so sad, hense Cheer Up Keanu Day, started (of course) on Facebook .
Related Video :
Things You Didnt Know About Keanu Reeves
Keanu Reeves Quote
" It's always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you're seeing the most beautiful thing on God's Earth."
82 Magnetism
For as long as we could say "whoa," Keanu Reeves has been one of the most eligible bachelors in Hollywood. Sandra Bullock , Carrie-Anne Moss , Claire Forlani , Cameron Diaz , and, most recently, Charlize Theron are part of a long line of beauties that have tried and failed to tame the notoriously private actor. Struggling actress Jennifer Syme came close once, but after miscarrying the couple's daughter, Syme devolved into a tailspin of drugs and alcohol that culminated in a fatal car crash after a night of indulgence at Marilyn Manson 's house. Now the 45 year old finds himself sans ring, sans child and based on a recent photo of Reeves sulking while eating a sandwich on a park bench, sans happiness too. What can you do to help? Go to Cheer Up Keanu Day on Facebook .
86 Success
No one could have predicted that after breaking out as the lovable stoner Ted in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, and then reprising the role in its sequel, that Keanu Reeves would become one of the biggest movie stars of our generation. Though he's been long derided for his perceived lack of acting chops, Keanu's turns in Point Break, Speed and a little something called The Matrix Trilogy have made him one of the most profitable movie stars of the past two decades.
Though his films have grossed close to $2 billion at the box office, Reeves has also been known to dip his toes into the world of lower-budget indies like My Own Private Idaho, and has collaborated with the cream of the art house crop including Bernardo Bertolucci (Little Budha), Francis Ford Coppola (Bram Stoker's Dracula) and Richard Linklater (A Scanner Darkly). And although his failures have been plenty -- Johnny Mnemonic anyone? -- Keanu Reeves has been able to maintain a steady career as one of Hollywood's go-to leading men, and was even ranked  23rd in Empire magazine's "The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time" list. Not bad for a lovable stoner, right?
Keanu Reeves Biography
Though his name suggests he was born in Hawaii, Keanu Reeves was actually born in Beirut, Lebanon. It's from his father, an American of Hawaiian, Chinese, Portuguese, and English descent, that Reeves was given the name Keanu (which loosely translated means "cool breeze over the mountains" in Hawaiian).
As a child, Reeves grew estranged from his father -- who was in and out of jail -- and traveled the world frequently, living with a string of stepfathers. When his mother met and married director Paul Aaron, the family moved to Toronto, where Reeves primarily grew up. Reeves has admitted that he never excelled at academics growing up, and found solace in hockey and theater instead.
He began acting at just 9 years old, when he appeared in a theater production of Damn Yankees. By his mid-teens, Reeves continued appearing in stage productions, and began landing commercials and small roles in television. His first film was a tiny role opposite Rob Lowe in Youngblood. This prompted his inevitable move to Los Angeles, where with the help of his ex-stepfather Paul Aaron, he secured an agent and landed a major role in the 1986 drama River's Edge. A series of middling films followed, until Reeves landed what seemed like a throwaway role in a film about a couple of stoners who travel through time. Little did Keanu know his life would never be the same.
keanu reeves breaks out in bill & ted's excellent adventure
Keanu Reeves' breakout role in the sci-fi stoner romp Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure has proven to be quite the double-edged sword for the accomplished thespian. Here was a hot, young up-and-comer with a lead role in a little-film-that-could -- a film that opened many doors for Reeves but closed them simultaneously.
Ever since gracing the screen as the lovable space cadet Ted in both Excellent Adventure and its 1991 sequel Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey, Reeves has been running away from the preconceived notion of him as a brain-dead teenager. To this day, Reeves' often stiff performances are compared to his breakout role, a stigma he has not yet been able to fully escape. It's just a hunch, but something tells us Keanu's bank statement makes whatever pain there is just disappear in a cloud of smoke.
keanu reeves: the action star
Not content with simply portraying an airheaded teenager, Keanu Reeves became intent on diversifying his career. His first real foray into the action genre was the surf-cum-caper flick Point Break, which was a box office success upon its release and is now widely considered a cult classic. It helped introduce Reeves as an unlikely action hero, and as a full-blown sex symbol, earning him MTV's "Most Desirable Male" award in 1992.
Following the success of Point Break, Reeves continued to explore different avenues with roles in two indie films -- My Own Private Idaho and Even Cowgirls Get The Blues, both directed by Gus Van Sant -- and in Francis Ford Coppola's Bram Stoker's Dracula. But Reeves had never quite matched the success of his earlier work until he signed on to star in a low profile actioner about a bus and a bomb.
The worldwide success of Speed turned Reeves and his costar Sandra Bullock into instant superstars, and essentially gave Reeves the ability to green light any film just by signing on. But instead of continuing down the Hollywood blockbuster route, Reeves continued to make inspired if not misguided career choices.
keanu reeves stars in the matrix trilogy
After a string of flops (excluding The Devil's Advocate), Keanu Reeves decided to take a chance on an odd but inspired sci-fi noir film to be directed by the unheralded but visionary Wachowski brothers. The film was called The Matrix, and it, along with its two subsequent sequels, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions, would go on to define the rest of Reeve's career. No matter what he does from here on out, Reeves will forever be known as the hacker-turned-savior Neo, a role that Will Smith turned down (nice one, mate), and one that made Reeves wealthy beyond his wildest dreams.
can keanu reeves ever live up to the legacy of the matrix?
Since breaking the bank with the The Matrix Trilogy, Keanu Reeves has at times appeared like a lost puppy, trying desperately to negotiate the prickly Hollywood landscape. Always the reluctant movie star, Reeves has floated between big-budget blockbusters (Constantine, The Day The Earth Stood Still), generic romcoms (Something's Gotta Give, The Lake House) and offbeat indies (Thumbsucker, The Private Lives of Pippa Lee, A Scanner Darkly). Though his career choices are often peculiar, at 45, Reeves has earned the right to carve his own career path without having to kneel in mercy to the box office gods. Upcoming roles in Jekyll and Cowboy Bepop look promising, and a rumored romance with Charlize Theron give us hope that one day we'll get to see little Keanus running around the beaches of Malibu, surfing and smoking pot, natch.
cheer up keanu day
After pictures surface of a sad Keanu Reeves staring at his sandwich on a park  bench, North Americans were outraged that one of our most unsung  Hollywood superstars could be so sad, hense Cheer Up Keanu Day, started  (of course) on Facebook .
