Birth Name: Keanu Charles Reeves
Birthdate: September 2, 1964
Birthplace: Beirut, Lebanon
Occupations: Actor, Musician
Quote: On fame: "I'm Mickey Mouse. They don't know who's inside the suit." - Vanity Fair, August, 1995
Claim to Fame: Airheaded time traveler in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure
Significant Other(s):
Jennifer Syme; former assistant to David Lynch; appeared in Lynch's Lost Highway
Family:
Father: Samuel Nowlin Reeves, geologist; left when Keanu was two; of Hawaiian-Chinese descent; sentenced to 10 years in prison for cocaine and heroin possession
Mother: Patricia, costume designer; divorced four times
Stepfather: Paul Aaron, theater director; divorced Reeves' mother after six months of marriage
Stepfather: Robert Miller, rock promoter; married to Reeves mother for five years
Stepfather: Jack Bond, hair-salon owner; divorced Reeves' mother in 1994
Sister: Kim, horse breeder; born 1966
Half-sister: Karina; born 1976; father, Robert Miller
Biography
Handsome, laconic young lead of the 1980s and 90s whose variations on the role of the confused teen have ranged from Matt in "River's Edge" (1987), in which he had to beg his nine-year-old brother not to shoot him, to Ted in "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure" (1989), in which he resorted to time travel in an attempt to pass a high school history test. Keanu (Hawaiian for "cool breeze over the mountains") Reeves was born in Beirut, Lebanon, and grew up in such far-flung locales as Australia, New York and Canada.
Reeves honed his craft on stage and television in Canada before debuting in films in the ice hockey drama "Youngblood" (1986). By 1988, his resume included the teen flicks "The Night Before", "Permanent Record" and "The Prince of Pennsylvania" and the more respected "Dangerous Liaisons", in which he portrayed a youthful 18th-century music teacher caught up in games of seduction. The success of "Bill and Ted", with the actor letter-perfect as an air-headed time traveler, spawned both a 1990 Saturday morning cartoon and the 1991 sequel, "Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey".
Reeves went on to play Martha Plimpton's hippie boyfriend in "Parenthood" (1989) and offered solid supporting turns in "I Love You to Death" and "Tune in Tomorrow" (both 1990), before undertaking the atypical role of an FBI agent who goes undercover in the actioner "Point Break" (1991). A turning point came with Reeves' nuanced performance as the mayor's son who trades in the good life for that of a street hustler in "My Own Private Idaho" (also 1991). Now established as a leading man, he was tagged for the part of Jonathan Harker in "Bram Stoker's Dracula" (1992), played a dark Don John in the sunny Shakespeare adaptation, "Much Ado About Nothing" (1993) and a beatific Prince Siddhartha in Bernardo Bertolucci's "Little Buddha" (1994).
Reeves proved his mettle as a traditional action lead in the public transportation thriller "Speed" (1994). Described by some as "'Die Hard' on a bus", the flick pitted lawman Reeves against a maniacal Dennis Hopper. Although he was at first criticized for not participating in the film's sequel, his decision proved to be a mixed blessing. After "Speed", Reeves was unable to find a critical or box-office success, Roles in the cyber-punk thriller "Johnny Mnemonic" and the WWII-era romance "A Walk in the Clouds" (both 1995) and as an engineer on the run from shadowy governmental figures in "Chain Reaction" (1996) may have seemed challenging on paper but something was lost in the execution. Reeves fared better as a young attorney seduced by power and Satan himself (personified by Al Pacino) in the surprisingly satisfying "The Devil's Advocate" (1997). He then renewed his standing as an action hero by playing Thomas 'Neo' Anderson, a computer expert who is introduced to the secrets of "The Matrix" (1999).
With his star on the ascendancy again, Reeves remained busy throughout 2000 with no fewer than four films. In "The Replacements", he was cast as a quarterback hired during the 1987 NFL strike and he was reteamed with Charlize Theron (his wife in "Devil's Advocate") for the remake of the romance "Sweet November". The actor also displayed a darker side with two nefarious roles, playing a serial killer in "The Watcher/Driven" and a wife beater in "The Gift".
Filmography
