Contact
Keanu Reeves Does Vogue Hommes International Spring Summer 2009
Drowning my Watson craze, I took up on a funny, great challenge and got myself into men (style) talk. Because I was commissioned by our dear friend, Ellington, to take my brains off Emma and deliver you something new: men style.
I’ll start with an ageless favorite of mine: Keanu Reeves. Gracing the Spring Summer 2009 issue of Vogue Hommes International, can you really believe he’s 44-years old? (the story continues right after the jump with more pictures!)
He imposed a mysterious aura to his persona, a mystic silence respected by the media and cultivated with utmost care by Keanu himself. Keanu Reeves may not fall into the good graces of everybody’s taste, but he surely is the anti-star example that most celebs could use as model.
Though he took a variety of shapes in the acting register, Keanu restlessly participates in various flicks: he’s got a new project for this year: David Fincher’s Chef. Given that he averages two-three movies/year, we should expect more than that for 2009. Having his own production company, Keanu doesn’t really stop working but even so he has time to read. Books , that is! (or at least that’s what he said). A fan of Dostoevsky’s Idiot or Proust’s In Search of Lost Time, this particular actor isn’t the artsy celeb you get to see just about everywhere today. He’s not parading his tastes, nor does he flaunt his overexpensive choices . He has a plain blue rectangle on one of his home walls that he calls painting. Signed by John McCracken, entitled simply Blue Paint, it’s one of Keanu’s favorite art items .
Wearing Versace, photographed by Amanda de Cadenet and styled by Julia van Boehm, Keanu Reeves is all pretty for this Vogue photoshoot. But who is Keanu, really?
Born in Beirut, Lebanon on September 2nd 1964, Keanu (his name means cool breeze over the mountains) spent his childhood on the road, moving around from town to town, from country to country, from one stepdad to another. His mother married four times and almost all four marriages took them to another city. Keanu’s education was difficult also because he attended numerous schools, because he was dyslexic and quite restless; he never got his high school diploma.
Though he begun his “career” when he was only nine years old, Keanu Reeves didn’t achieved an international commercial solid status until 1999 when he stroke gold with Matrix. His acting portfolio included indie movies, various and numerous supporting roles, comedies, action movies, thrillers but it seems the public likes him playing the tragic sci-fi hero.
Up to present time, speculations have been made (and continue to light up countless imaginations) about Keanu Reeve’s personal life. Little is known from Keanu’s private life and it’s all bad: his girlfriend (Jennifer Syme) gave birth to a stillborn daughter in December 1999 and Jennifer herself was killed in a car accident two years later (2001). Never married, Reeves bought his first house when he reach the 40-years old threshold.
Why do I like Keanu? Because he’s a tragedian. A modest, discreet actor who makes you believe he is the part he’s playing. I value his acting skills more than his wardrobe possessions but that doesn’t make him styleless nor deprives his style of individuality and personality (at least not to my eyes). Rather unique, Keanu is part of that timeless list of ageless actors where I also wrote Denzel Washington’s name.
What/who was/is Keanu Reeves for you? Like him/dislike him? Why? (photos via )
 If you like this post then please consider subscribing to my full RSS feed or maybe you want to receive a daily e-mail with my latest articles.
