Action and Eye Candy
Background:
One of those Hollywood stars that people just can't get enough of, Keanu Reeves draws audiences to blockbuster action while quenching the  thirst for eye candy.
Often called wooden and expressionless by movie critics, Reeves is sometimes slated as the worst actor in Hollywood, yet commands one of  the highest salaries in the film business.  Keanu has worked with many of the finest directors (Kenneth Branagh, Ron Howard, Stephen  Frears) and actors (Al Pacino, Cate Blanchett, Gene Hackman, Denzel Washington) of the day.
With movies like SPEED (1994) and THE MATRIX trilogy (1999-2003), Reeves gained popularity as an action star, however, he has also  appeared in a string of dramas and comedies such as A WALK IN THE CLOUDS (1995), FEELING MINNESOTA (1996), the supernatural thriller THE  DEVIL'S ADVOCATE (1997) and SWEET NOVEMBER (2001).
After pocketing a staggering $206 million for THE MATRIX sequels (MATRIX RELOADED, THE MATRIX REVOLUTIONS), Reeves is currently set to  star in the big-screen adaptation of Philip K. Dick's sci-fi novel, A Scanner Darkly.
Often elusive and shy around reporters, Reeves leads a personal life which has long been the speculation of press and fans alike.
"Cool Breeze Over The Mountains"
Childhood And Family:
Born on the 2nd of September, 1964, in Beirut, Keanu Charles Reeves is the offspring of a half-Chinese, half-Hawaiian geologist and an  English showgirl.  Because his parents did not stay together long, Reeves, whose first name means "cool breeze over the mountains" in  Hawaiian, was jolted between countries, living in Australia, New York and Canada. His mother, Patricia, had a series of interesting partners  and husbands who were connected to showbiz.
As a teenager, Reeves had the potential of being a professional hockey player, but knew acting was the road he wanted to take.  Reeves  dropped out of high school to chase his dream.  After several minor Advertisement gigs and TV shows young Reeves landed a role in the  movie YOUNG BLOOD, starring teen sensation, Rob Lowe.
Speeding to The Matrix
Career:
Reeves began his career in theater. He appeared in the Shakespeare & Company production of "The Tempest" in Lenox, Massachusetts. The  following years he performed in various theater productions and on television before relocating to Los Angeles.
Reeves' breakout role in Hollywood was the starring role of Matt in the dark teen drama, RIVER'S EDGE (1986), directed by Tim Hunt.  But,  it was his part in the comedy, BILL & TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE (1989), which gained him popular success. The movie was a hit,  propelling his career upward.  Other memorable film roles include BRAM STOKER'S DRACULA (1992), directed by Francis Ford Coppola, MY OWN  PRIVATE IDAHO (1991), directed by Gus Van Sant, and Kathryn Bigelow's surfing action-adventure POINT BREAK (1991).
What came in 1994 was the role that would change the understated actor into a big-budget action star.  Cast as Officer Jack Traven in the  blockbuster SPEED (1994), Reeves, along with Sandra Bullock and Dennis Hopper, thrilled audiences as a bomb-loaded bus, filled with  passengers, screamed across the big screen.  The summer hit made Reeves a household name while the film grossed nearly 300 million  dollars.
After SPEED launched Reeves into superstardom, he was offered a starring role in the science-fiction picture, THE MATRIX (1999), by  the movie's creators, the Wachowski brothers.  Reeves' role as Neo became a classic, and the dedication he showed while preparing for the  role, studying martial arts and training, helped prove his dedication to the role. When the movie opened in the spring of 1999, it was a  huge blockbuster, catapulted Reeves him into the top rank of money earners, with an asking salary of $20 million per picture.
After filming THE REPLACEMENTS and THE WATCHER, both released in 2000, Reeves was back again in THE MATRIX sequels (THE MATRIX RELOADED and  THE MATRIX REVOLUTIONS).  That same year he also landed a role in Jack Nicholson's vehicle, SOMETHING'S GOTTA GIVE.
Awards:
Among the major awards Reeves has gathered are: MTV Movie Awards, which include Best On-Screen Duo for SPEED (1995), shared with Sandra  Bullock; Best Fight Sequence for THE MATRIX (2000), shared with Laurence Fishburne and Best Male Performance for THE MATRIX (2000). In  1992, Reeves was named Most Desirable Male at the same awards for his role in POINT BREAK. The latest accolade given to Reeves was the  Taurus Honorary Award at the World Stunt Awards in 2004.
All celebrity pictures are the property and copyright of their respective owners.
