(1985)
Trivia
Chosen by "People" magazine as one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world. [1995]
Ranked #23 in Empire (UK) magazine's "The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time" list. [October 1997]
Arrested in Los Angeles; charged with drunk driving. [May 1993]
Loves Ballroom dancing.
He owns at least two Norton Commandos whose engines were available in both 750cc and 850cc capacities, the high compression version being the Combat Commando.
Sisters are Karina and Kim.
Named after his great, great-uncle.
His step-father, Paul Aaron, is a film and stage Director.
Had job sharpening ice skates.
Was nicknamed "the wall" by high school hockey team De La Salle College "Oaklands".
His father is part Chinese part Hawaiian and his mother is English making him Eurasian like fellow actors Andrew Johnston, Brandon Lee, Rob Schneider, Russell Wong, Michael Wong and actresses Jessica Anderson, Devon Aoki, Moon Bloodgood, China Chow, Kelly Hu, Kristin Kreuk, Jaymee Ong, Maggie Q, Nicole Scherzinger, and Monica Young.
Father left the family when Keanu was very young.
Is left-handed.
Was manager of a pasta shop in Toronto.
He loves to play ice hockey (goalie position).
His father was a geologist. Served time in prison; paroled after serving two years of a 10 year sentence for selling heroin at Hilo Airport in 1992.
His mother, Patricia Taylor, was a costume designer for rock stars such as Alice Cooper.
His 1974 motorcycle is among his most prized possessions.
His name means "cool breeze over the mountains" in Hawaiian.
In Hawaiian, "ke" means "the" and "anu" means "cool or coolness"; hence "the coolness" or (very) interpretively, "the cool winds over the mountain."
Dropped out of high school when he was 17 to become an actor.
Hobbies include horseback riding and surfing (both inspired from movie roles).
Was MVP on his high school hockey team, where he was a goalie.
Keanu got his abdominal scar from a motorcycle wreck in Topanga Canyon. He was on a "demon ride" (no headlights at night) when he crashed into the side of a mountain. He was hospitalized for a week with broken ribs and a ruptured spleen. When the paramedics came to get him, an emergency medical technician trainee picked up one end of the stretcher ... then dropped it by mistake! "It made me laugh, but I couldn't breathe!"
When trying out for the parts of Bill and Ted in Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure (1989), each actor was paired up with another. Keanu Reeves and Alex Winter were paired up, Reeves trying out for the part of Bill while Winter tried out for the part of Ted. They were cast opposite what they auditioned for.
His first name, Keanu, is pronounced "kay-ah-new".
Chosen by Empire magazine as one of the 100 Sexiest Stars in film history (#17). [1995]
Around Christmas 1999, the baby girl he was expecting with girlfriend Jennifer Syme was stillborn, just a few weeks shy of the actual delivery date. They had planned to name her Eva Archer Syme Reeves.
His estranged girlfriend Jennifer Syme was killed when her Jeep Cherokee careered onto the wrong side of a Los Angeles road near Highway 101 and smashed into three parked cars. The force of the crash flipped the car over and she was thrown through the windshield. She was killed instantly. [2 April 2001]
Maintains Canadian citizenship and passport.
Has appeared in 3 movies whose title contains a US state: Feeling Minnesota (1996), My Own Private Idaho (1991), and The Prince of Pennsylvania (1988).
Was set to reprise his role as Jack Traven in the sequel to Speed - Speed 2: Cruise Control (1997) - but dropped out
Deferred part of his salary on The Replacements (2000) so Gene Hackman could be cast.
Keanu resides in Toronto, Canada where he grew up.
Learned over 200 martial arts moves for The Matrix Reloaded (2003).
Musically Keanu is currently playing (bass) in "Becky" - also featuring Robert Mailhouse (drums), Paulie Kosta (guitar) and Rebecca Lord (vocals).
Was originally offered the role of Pvt. Chris Taylor in Platoon (1986). Keanu turned it down and the role went to Charlie Sheen.
Was originally cast as Chris Shiherlis in Heat (1995) but later backed out of the project, and the part went to Val Kilmer.
He went to high school at North Toronto, where his drama teacher was Paul Robert. Mr. Robert then moved to teach at Northern Secondary as a drama teacher, but recently left. He pops in as a substitute teacher now and again, but lives freely in the wilderness otherwise.
Shares a birthday with actress Salma Hayek, heavyweight boxer Lennox Lewis and NFL Hall of Fame running back Eric Dickerson.
Frequently plays man either strapped or sitting in a chair while some type of procedure is performed on him. All three Matrix films, Johnny Mnemonic (1995), Feeling Minnesota (1996)Dracula (1992) and Constantine (2005).
Although left-handed, plays bass with his right.
31st January 2005: Honoured with a Star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame.
Read the script of Constantine (2005) while filming The Matrix Revolutions (2003).
His first theater work was with Shakespeare and Company in Lenox, Massachusetts in "The Tempest."
He learned to surf for his role in Point Break (1991)
Is very good friends with his Bill & Ted co-star, Alex Winter and has remained in contact with him. Keanu has also contributed cameo appearances and helped with a number of Winter's film projects.
His best friend is his sister.
He has recently left the band "Becky" with former Dogstar band mate Rob Mailhouse, due to scheduling conflicts.
Auditioned for the Etobicoke School of the Arts in Etobicoke, Toronto, Ontario, Canada; but was rejected.
His parents names are Patricia Taylor and Samuel Nowlin Reeves.
Replaced Val Kilmer as Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic (1994) when Kilmer left the project upon being offered the role of Batman in Batman Forever (1995). Ironically, Kilmer later replaced Reeves as Chris Siherlis in Heat (1995).
Naked Photos of Keanu Reeves are available at MaleStars.com . They                currently feature over 65,000 Nude Pics, Biographies, Video Clips,                Articles, and Movie Reviews of famous stars.
Copyright © 2002 actorsofhollywood.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
