Somewhere out there
Hi how r u
Okay I blame all of you for making me feel guilty for abandoning my blog YES THAT INCLUDES YOU EDDY so fayne here is a post about my boring life okay
ANYWAY there is this totally cool not so new bubble tea place called OK tea and you should totally get their Pudding Milk Tea because it's so ahmazing
What have I been doing??? Well I'm staying at Uncle's now. Um ok so there was prom which was gr8. Then sleepover at janice's house and we watched the meteor shower - it was nice! Christmas party at elizabeth's which was really fun! And the usual hanging out with bff. Recently I went cycling and explored IKEA with manfriend who took me to his family christmas dinner ^___^ Yeah i'm happy!!!
I'm worried about my laziness to start drawing again though.
Need inspiration...
I went to jubbie's house to bake OREO FILLED CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES! :D
:D
They started expanding in the oven.
EXPECTATION:
...
Yeah so we got boob cookies instead.
We cut the nipples out to make them look like normal cookies. And served the nipples to everybody.
I want to bake nutella cookies next! Or nutella cupcake with ferrero rocher topping :D
Baking is so fun~*~*~*~
i am a girl
Girls you should get this waterproof pen eyeliner at Watson called CLIO PEN EYELINER it's the best ever. It's waterproof, easy to draw and does not leave fall out!
Also makeup is really really fun to put on omg!! It's like drawing!!
~* lol, i'm such a grill *~ ^_^
Also lots of nice $10 dresses at bugis street.
I've been trying to wear stuff other than t-shirt and shorts :(
Also can somebody suggest something for me and bff to do we have virtually nothing left to explore because we've visited every mall in Singapore :(
a levels
I have no idea why i thought it was such a big deal but now I don't really care what I get anymore lol why did i even study ahhhhh life iz gud
job
So my mom called and asked me if I'd found a job yet. She told me to register at the Ministry of Education as a relief teacher.
I said, well, I'm considering tutoring but I don't want to be a relief teacher.
Then she told me about how she worked for 6 months as a relief teacher and gave her parents part of her wages to pay for her lil bro's education.
I'm like, cool bro story!!! ^__^ but I want a break ^_^!!!
....
THEN she started calling me a terrible person with no values. She said that this was no holiday - I shouldn't be having holidays at all. I should start gaining work experience and prep for da real world.
I said I understand that many students are finding jobs, yes work experience is good, but just because I don't want to work it does not mean I'm a terrible person. And we argued and finally she said I was wasting my dad's phone bill.
Huh.
WHAT THE HECK.
1. I DIED studying for A levels with zero tuition. I improved my grades with my own efforts, no thanks to you. I deserve my time off.
2. I'm going to be working for the next 40 years of my life! This will be the last long holiday I'll ever get for decades! So why should I use this holiday to work?
3. I may be leaving Singapore. It's the last few months I get to spend with my friends
4. I don't want to buy anything. I have no need for extra money.
5. Besides, you just spend it all away in the end.
Anyway, I did say I may do some tuition.
Also I'm not being completely unproductive. I want to volunteer at the animal shelter next year with my friends.
So please just let me have my break.
SAT
I got my second SAT score back. I'm disappointed, but I'll accept that 2170 is my personal best and I'll leave it as that :D It's mostly English, and English was never my forte. And you know I'm fine with that! It's enough for the colleges I'm applying to. I don't need all these grammar rules and fanciful vocab to communicate. I did learn a lot about grammar though. Hence my writing section improved from 14 incorrect answers down to only 3 :D! Learnt so much about English- usage of semicolons and comma splices and comparison rules! It was worth it. I personally think people can learn quite a bit from taking the SAT.
Random: I think I'm pretty good at predicting my scores!
overseas???
Also I don't know about going overseas anymore.
After considering the extra $100000 it will cost me (yes - me - because my dad wants me to pay him back) and the fact that I will be far away from boyfriend.
I may stay here and try for law or just do Computer Information Systems. Get my apartment and my cat.
Meh.
I'LL DO MORE RESEARCH SIGH.
My favrite singer
Number 1 world class flute player:
Community + sitcoms
SO bff told me to watch this sitcom called Community and I've finished two seasons so far.
I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS SHOW. It's so brilliant and funny and ahmazing and the soundtrack is so happy but guess what?!!
It's only at season 3.
AND IT'S GETTING CANCELLED.
So apparently it airs at the same time as Big Bang Theory which has 11 million viewers and Community only has 3 million viewers. Also someone told me that the lead character got into a fight with NBC and obvsly show cannot go on without joel mchale.
NO!! I AM SO SAD!!
WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY!!!!!
 
 
I have to start searching for other shows and lower my standards. Community made me set too high a standard for comedies because I no longer find How I Met Your Mother/Big Bang Theory funny.
Also I'm watching Dexter.
So far I'm planning to watch modern family, BBC sherlock, revenge... and maybe Doctor Who, gossip girl and stuff.
K BYE :D
In a stranger's bad dream
fugg yeah
A levels are over!
Honestly idk I'm not that elated. Same reason as always. I started celebrating a pretty long time ago. Heh.
I'm sorry if my blog has been boring as of late. Right, I know it has been boring. I only talk about concerts and grades. Last time, pageview count really mattered to me because half my life was the Internet, but now it doesn't matter anymore. I write what I want to write.
A levels
I don't know what I'll get, but I can only hope that I will be happy with it. I did what I could to salvage my grades.
GP
Remember what I said about hating GP?
It was because I was bottom 9%.
But during prelims, my comprehension paper score doubled.
So I climbed up to 66 percentile even though I still failed the essay.
If you think GP can't be studied, think again!
You definitely can't study it as much as science, but you should do about 3-4 practice papers. Skip the AQ. It's not too hard, just 1 hour each. It'll only take you one day. I did that and my score fucking doubled!
Anyway, just don't give up. GP is really hit and miss.
Something really touched me. My room mate was googling my name (idk the fuck why) but she found my GP teacher's blog. He blogged about me! His exact words:
And so I just want to record here and now that Sarah Ho, Chng Xinni, Tay  Chun Mei, you make the job worth it. I will miss you all very much and  our time learning together, though I know you will go on to do wonderful  things in your lives:))
I'll miss him... what a nice guy.
I hope I don't disappoint him. 
:(
***
Computing
Apart from this, my computing paper really scared me. I finished them both 1 hour early. For Paper 2, I submitted my script and left the exam room early. Then I met Ms Goh, my computing teacher, in her car! I showed her my paper and we started discussing answers which felt so wrong because my classmates were still in the room taking the exam. So wrong ok!!! She took my paper away coz she wanted to scan it.
I think this is the first time a teacher got her hands on a paper before it ended. God.
Worries me because WHAT IF MY ANSWERS WERE DAMN LACKING THEN HOW.
***
DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE I'M SO HAPPY YOU'RE OUT OF MY LIFE 
***
Math: I'll miss you so bad and we'll meet again and i can masturbate to math equations once again because you know i am asian
...scratch that ew
Chem: luv ya. luv science.
university
I just submitted my application for UC Berkeley and UCLA.
If I get in, I am so going.
Being a realist, I know my chances are very, very low.
I really do like California and the UC campuses though.
And,
I accidentally got into a phone call with my mum.
Me: If I get into Berkeley, I am going. Okay?
Mum: Well, sorry to say this, but Berkeley is not number one like Harvard, Cambridge. You should be applying to blablablabla LAW blablabalal MEDICINE blablsblasjhakhfsjafhjdsfv
Me:
..........
Me: I understand that all parents want their kids to go to Harvard and all these Ivy League schools
Me: But most of them just have to accept that their kids are not up to their standard
Yeah then I told her why BERKELEY IS ALREADY VERY GOOD AND I DONT EVEN DESERVE IT
....
......
Rawrw!!!!!!
I SPENDED SO LONG 2 WRYTE MY APPLCAITON AND U TELL ME U WONT LET ME GO BEACUASE ITS NOT HARBIRD?!??!?!!?
HARBIRD - THE COLLEDGE THAT I NEVER EVN HEAR OF SINGAPORENS BEING ACCEPTED!??!?
U THINK I IS A  TOP STUNDENT?
Sorry - bad engrish mode off now.
Let's just presume I have the smarts.
How can I ever rise to Harvard standard after everything I had to go through. Everything she made me go through.
But we shouldn't even go into this because I. Don't. Have. that level of intelligence. And I'm okay. The smarter you are, the more depressed you become. I'm happy being happy.
I don't know if parents genuinely want to best education for their kid, or they just want bragging rights.
WELP my dad trusts me to decide what is best for my career. He'll let me go.
Actually I don't know why I'm talking about this... I don't even know if I can get in. Sigh. I'll make myself happy again, whatever happens. I can and I will.
well.
How I felt this was 100% true?
I think I need to be more open minded and less cynical.
I'll be truthful. I think men generally care a fuckload about looks and getting laid. And I believe this because of most men I meet. In Singapore I almost never see a good looking boy with a not so good looking girl. I only ever see the opposite.
And all the boys who tell me "Oh, this girl likes me, but I don't like her because her face CMI (can't make it)." THIS IS A FEW MONTHS AFTER TELLING ME "Oh, I don't care about looks ^^". WTF.
And all the cute girls in my school who get crushed on a lot. (I LOVE LOOKING AT THEM too omg omg ok shut up gurl get back to the topic!!) The pretty girls get all the attention.
And on the Internet I also see boys insulting overweight or unattractive girls, especially on 9GAG.
....
And many other unpleasant experiences gathered from people I meet in school and from friends.
That is why I believe what I believe.
And trust me, it's fucked up and I really want to change my view. The effects of such views on my general behavior towards the opposite sex has been affected in such obvious ways, I won't bother mentioning them.
After talking to lulu, I learnt these:
1. Girls can be as superficial as guys. Girls care about looks too. And who says girls don't look for sex too? Maybe we're just more hypocritical and we don't dare to show all these because society tells us we shouldn't be like this. Essentially, all humans are superficial and we are born this way.
2. I may only be collecting "evidence" to support my view and dismissing evidence from the other side. For example, maybe I don't notice men dating physically unattractive women because I don't want to, because I want to continue believing I'm correct. Could be true. Your brain just automatically does it.
3. How does it benefit me? So what if I have the statistics on how people actually behave? People are people, not trends. How do you know someone you meet is really what you think? Everybody is different. You'll need to get to know the person either way. There are no facts when it comes to people. You don't need these expectations.
....
NOW I AM JUST SO CONFUSED.
I trust my experience a lot. What I see and what I hear and stuff.
But it is obvious I haven't seen everything yet. I shouldn't judge people based on my limited sample size. Not to mention people from hwachong are just screwed.
This is damaging, because I don't trust people. I push people away. I have low self esteem because I am not one of those pretty girls so I think no one will ever like me.
I'm being shallow.
God someone help me to stop being shallow and fucking ease up.
And I'll try. Really. I'll try to be more open minded. Less judgmental. I need to grow up.
guitar
I learnt how to play "Fuck a dog" by Blink182 on the guitar. Eh it's actually not hard it's just 10 repeating notes. The song makes me happy and I like dogs srsly & obvsly blink isn't being serious so i don't really care how wrong it sounds ok
Also, intros I learnt:
