Posted:  April 6th, 2012 in Keanu Reeves , Larry Zbyszko by LALATE
LOS ANGELES (LALATE) – Larry Zbyszko and Keanu Reeves are not dead. Both Zbyszko and Reeves are both battling false death reports today April 6, 2012. Keanu Reeves didn’t die in a 2012 snowboard accident. The report is actually nearly two years old; it was fake then and is still fake today. Larry Zbyszko hasn’t died either. His false death report is the result of a fake twitter account.
Whether you are Dolly Parton or Lil Wayne, Wiz Khalifa or Larry Zbyszko, Friday has prompted an onset of countess fake death stories, within the last few hours. When false celebrity death stories first surfaced online three years ago, many of them spread on weekend evenings. The presumption was that the false claims could spread faster in the evenings and weekends, then during normal business hours.
But Friday, since early morning, there has been an avalanche false death stories spreading online. Wiz Khalifa and Lil Wayne, Larry Zbyszko and Keanu Reeves, are among the nearly dozen personalities victimized by the fake reports tonight.
Larry Zbyszko’s confusion came following a fake Twitter account. The account erroneously claimed to be Larry Zbyszko’s official account. Larry’s son Tim later told news that the account was a fake. Tim Zbyszko said to WrestlingInc. that the fake account had sent out the false message, confusing fans.
Keanu Reeves, however, is the victim of two different fake death reports today. Both fake reports are from Mediafetcher aka Global Associated.
The first claims he died in a snowboarding accident. The false tale reads “The actor & novice snowboarder was vacationing at the Zermatt ski resort in Zermatt, Switzerland with family and friends. Witnesses indicate that Keanu Reeves lost control of his snowboard and struck a tree at a high rate of speed.” In March Adam Sandler was falsely reported dead from a snowboarding accident in Zermatt as well. That same month, Jim Carrey suffered the same fake fate. The year before, it was Russell Crowe.
The second fake report from Mediafetcher claims that Keanu fell to his death on vacation, also today. “Preliminary reports from New Zealand Police officials indicate that the actor fell more than 60 feet to his death on the Kauri Cliffs while on-set. Specific details are not yet available.”
Another common fake report this week used against celebrities, including Lil Wayne, is the mythical jet ski crash in Turks and Caicos. The same Global report was used against Mac Miller, Waka Flocka Flame, and Wiz Khalifa in January 2012. The Mac Miller report added “this is …. based on zero truth and is a complete work of fiction for entertainment purposes”. It remained unclear what was entertaining in fabricating Mac Miller’s death.
Larry Zbyszko, Keanu Reeves, and Lil Wayne are not dead, nor are Dolly Parton and Wiz Khalifa.
