Post a comment
The upcoming release of the major motion picture The Day The Earth Stood Still once again has movie fans excited about another performance by Keanu Reeves. The talented and handsome actor and musician has been entertaining fans for decades. I have been a fan of Keanu ever since I saw his riveting performance in River's Edge. In the late 1990s, I saw him play bass guitar with his now defunct band "Dogstar," and it was quite a night to remember. This article will offer some fun and interesting facts about the very gifted and fascinating Keanu Reeves.
Family Background. Keanu was born in September of 1964 to parents Patricia and Samuel in Beirut, Lebanon. His striking good looks can be attributed to his English mother and Hawaiian/Chinese father. Unfortunately, his childhood was quite unstable as both parents were married and divorced several times. His father left the family when Keanu was only a toddler and he then moved quite often with his mother, being cared for by relatives as Patricia tried to establish some stability for Keanu and his siblings, that never quite materialized.
Unique Name. Keanu was named after his uncle and the meaning of his beautiful name is "cool breeze over the mountains." In the early days of Keanu's career, Hollywood powers that be felt the name was a bit unusual and would be difficult to remember by movie goers. How wrong they were!
Academics. Keanu Reeves was challenged by dyslexia while attending school in Toronto, Canada and bounced around from school to school. He freely admits that he attended a total of four different high schools in his teen years and never receiving his high school diploma. An early passion of his was hockey, to which he devoted far more time than his education. Luckily for Keanu, his talents led him to a very successful career in the Entertainment industry and his lack of a high school diploma did not negatively affect his future.
Marches To His Own Drummer. Keanu Reeves is a bit of an enigma in the Hollywood machine. No matter how much money his movies make, or the number of starring roles he lands, he does not hesitate to take any movie roll that appeals to him whether it be a supporting role, in an Independent flick or on the stage. He simply follows his instincts and takes on acting gigs that speak to him.
Notable Roles. Keanu has played a myriad of characters in all genres of film. He has had dramatic turns as Scott Favor, a homosexual drifter in "My Own Private Idaho" opposite the late River Phoenix, comedic turns as Ted Logan in the "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" films and action heros as "Neo" in The Matrix trilogy. He has also played a number of romantic leads such as his performances in "The Lake House," and "Sweet November." Keanu's fans never know what his next role will be and that element of surprise has certainly helped him to achieve the level of popularity he has reached.
Personal Life. Keanu Reeves is notoriously very guarded about his private life. He has never been married and has no living children. Sadly, he lost a daughter in 1999 when the infant was stillborn. Several years later, the mother of the baby girl who was involved with Keanu for several years was tragically killed in a car accident. Fans and loved ones certainly hope that Keanu will one day have the joy of a lifelong partner and family in his life.
Published by Lisa Riggs
Happily married mom of two wonderful girls.   View profile
