Of course this was a hoax, Keanu Reeves simply cannot die : http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l3lz02ZadU1qaffoe.jpg
Laytahaytas33
Assholes…ain’t got shit else better to do other make up LIES!
Ebony2060
Well I’m really glad to hear that Keanu Reeves is not dead , he is a really great actor …… :- )
Veefiloteo
This is like the rumor with jayden smith dying from a snowboarding accident
Giants
or lose it!
Leilani
I didn’t think this is funny, The person or person’s who started the rumor should be ashamed.
I feel sorry for Keanu and his Ohana for having to go through those rumors. KEANU if to need to get away, come and stay at TRAVAASA HOTEL HANA….
Leilani
To the Person or Persons who had nothing better to do but spread a rumor about someone dying, That wasn’t very thoughtful of you at all, did you even stop to think about his friends and family. Things you do can and will hurt a lot of people. Next time please think before you do something that might hurt someone else. To KEANU’S OHANA sorry you had to go through that. I know because your heart can’t help to just skip a beat, just to hear a news like that about a love one. GOD please help those people who got hurt by this news, and LORD forgive the person or persons who started these rumor for they didn’t know what they were doing, I thank you and ask these thing in JESUS name AMEN…..
steven burns
keyano is inspiring actor I’m glad he’s not dead .
he’s 1 of my favorite .
I also like is group red dog .
I seen him at the house of blues they rock .
I’m glad you’re not dead keanu!
keep doing what you do .
very inspiring .
1 of your true fans sincerely steve .
Jeffrey Raphael
Keanu Reeves the person is not dead. HIS ACTING CAREER IS DEAD!!
Shim
he died in the matrix, a computerised world called the internet. but thankfully his mortal is alive an well an continuing 2 make top films
Jzelaya3
Thank The Lord he isn’t dead! Love you Keanu
God bless you handsome ;)
rayna
These ‘death hoax’ announcements are so annoying. I have never heard even one of them. Please knock it off gossip cop.
Kris10
Thank God it was just a rumor!
zachary
You all care way too much about actors/actresses. They are just like anyone else, and millions die everyday bit don’t care. Unless you actually know them, who freaken cares. People make up rumors like this because people like all you care way too much and get worked up. Worry about something that matters,not famous peoples lives.
Cynthaver
I am so glad the rumors are false, love him and his work
Anonymous
i m really shocked,But it’s great news Hello guys i find a movie site so m suggesting you to use this site it’s really a great site for movies : http://www.moviesonclick.com/
