Keanu Reeves
in Relationships
Keanu Reeves responds very strongly to the emotional tone and atmosphere around him, and can be dominated by his fluctuating and unpredictable moods.  Reeves often appears irrational to others because he cannot always explain the reason or source of his feelings.  Anyone who lives with Keanu Reeves must accept his ups and downs and appreciate Keanu's need for times of withdrawal.
Keanu Reeves is also very sympathetic and understands the unspoken feelings and needs of others.  Keanu Reeves takes slights and rebuffs very personally and though he may forgive a transgression by a friend or loved one, he never forgets it.
Reeves gets a lot of emotional fulfillment through his involvement in groups, clubs, organizations, community activities, or a network of close friends who support and care for him.  Keanu Reeves makes friends his family, and he feels a close kinship with people who share some ideals or beliefs that he holds dear.  Keanu Reeves needs close relationships with people outside of his physical family.
Keanu Reeves feels that he must always be doing something, and he becomes impatient and irritable if he has to slow down or wait for anything.  A stormy home life may be the result of his own tendency to fight for what he wants, rather than compromise.  Keanu may not realize how competitive he is.
Although Keanu Reeves was portrayed above as being assertive and combative, he also has a diametrically opposed tendency - namely the urge to escape all contention and ugliness.  This may mellow Keanu's fiery reactions somewhat, or he may seesaw between the two.  His softer side is described in the following paragraphs.
The beauty and harmony of his surroundings have a very powerful effect on Reeves' emotions.  He is very sensitive and cannot stand to be in an atmosphere where there is discord or dissonance.  Gentle, kindhearted, and peace loving, Keanu Reeves is prepared to sacrifice a great deal in order to avoid a fight and to "make everyone happy".
Keanu has very deep feelings and profound attachments to people he cares about.  His relationships to his mother, sisters, daughters, and other females in his life are apt to be incredibly close and intense.  Keanu Reeves may be easily manipulated too, when it comes to one of these important relationships, because he is so emotionally invested in it.
His health should be good and his recuperative powers are strong.  Keanu Reeves is able to express his feelings harmoniously and he considers himself wealthy either on material or spiritual planes.  He is well liked and his relationships with others are congenial.
Sensitive and sentimental, Keanu Reeves is deeply attached to his family, old friends, familiar places and the past.  He is romantic and tender in love relationships, and it is of utmost importance to Reeves to remember birthdays, anniversaries, family rituals and other personally significant days.  Keanu Reeves seeks caring, emotional support, and security in his love relationships.  Keanu likes to be needed, as well as to cherish and protect his loved ones, of whom he is somewhat possessive.
Reeves is a very sociable, congenial person and he wilts very quickly without relationships with good friends and people to share good times with.  Keanu Reeves thoroughly enjoys working with others on group projects or community activities.  He is quite happy when he is a part of a club, support group, or team of some sort.
Keanu Reeves is extremely amorous and it is difficult for him to go without romantic relationships for very long.  When he is attracted to someone, Keanu Reeves pursues her very ardently and sometimes comes on too strong.  Being engaged in creative or artistic work can also satisfy his very strong desire for love and beauty.
Keanu Reeves loves to laugh, celebrate, and to enjoy himself with his companions.  Emotionally open and easygoing, Keanu considers just about anyone a friend or potential friend.  His good humor and friendliness make him quite popular and well-liked.  At times, Keanu Reeves overdoes the festivities, but he rarely regrets this.
Astrological factors in this Astro Profile section:
Moon in Cancer
