47 Comments
It all started with the above paparazzi image. Doesn't Keanu Reeves look so sad? Cheer up, guy! In an effort to make Keanu feel better, some Keanu fans have designated June 15th as Keanu Reeves Day. Others insist that it's July 1st . What do you do on Keanu Reeves Day? It depends on who you ask.
The ball continued rolling on Reddit, with this epic Keanu appreciation thread with over 2,000 comments. Then someone posted a photoshop of Keanu eating a bird. Then came this photoshop of Keanu eating a miniature version of himself on a bench. From there, someone suggested that there be a holiday to celebrate what a good guy Keanu Reeves is. Finally, someone suggested a day to celebrate Keanu on July 1st, during which people would give money to cancer research.
Now Tumblr is churning out Keanu 'shops , mostly sourced from anonymous message boards.
Click through to find out more and see all the new Sad Keanu images you can handle.
UPDATE: Check out all of the Sad Keanu Photoshops sent in by Urlesque readers!
Reddit user -33 created this illustration based on the above image. Then Hayes42 mashed it up with the "I'm With Coco" meme.
A lot of folks are trying to figure out why Keanu looks so sad. According to Wikipedia , his girlfriend had a miscarriage, he was unsuccessfully sued by paparazzi, his father abandoned him, his sister has leukemia, his best friend died of a drug overdose and as a child he was expelled from school and suffered from dyslexia. Geeze! Poor guy.
And yet he's widely considered to be an awesome person.
On June 15th, we plan on sending letters, emails,_thumbnail.gifts, and any other niceties and kind words to a real bro, Keanu Reeves. Keanu has come on some tough times lately, and doesn't seem to have the same youthful lust for life as he did even ten years ago. Please participate in Cheer Up Keanu Day, and hopefully bring a smile to Keanu Reeves' face.
He's got a blue collar sensibility.
Reddit is abuzz with stories about what a chill guy Keanu is.
Back in the late 90s and fresh out of college I got my first job as an assistant prop designer on the set of Chain Reaction (Keanu was a supporting actor with Morgan Freeman). EVERY DAY for the last few weeks of filming, Keanu treated the stage hands and "grunt workers" (including myself) by taking us out for free breakfast and lunch. He was genuinely a very nice guy to work with.
This anime mashup via Reddit :
Such a dear.
A family friend builds movie sets, doesn't design, is one of the poor dudes that just builds. Anyways he worked on the set for the Matrix and Keanu heard about family trouble he was having and gave him a $20,000 Christmas bonus to help him out. He also was one of the only people on the set that genuinely wanted to know peoples [sic] names, would say hello and mean it, and would talk to people as they were his peers and not below him just because they were practically making nothing to build a set.
He also likes cats.
What a stand-up guy.
I had a few friends working special effects jobs on the Matrix movies, he bought all of them f---ing HARLEYS for Christmas during the shoot for the second one.
One of those guys, Paul, said that Keanu was the most sincere, humble and lovely dude he'd ever met. Said he eschewed contact with the cast in favour of hanging out with the crew, was the only guy the martial arts coaches respected out of the whole cast, and was the bravest man he's ever met.
Keanu. We love you. Chin up .
He's so cool, you guys.
My brother works at a coffee shop in New York, its [sic] got pretty alright coffee but the real draw is that they roast their own beans and all the beans are sucked through pneumatic tubes into a machine that grinds and brews all at once. It's a bunch of bells and whistles, and doesn't necessarily make for the best coffee ever. Anyway, Keanu comes into the store and orders a coffee, asks my brother how the whole system works and immediately after he finishes, he pauses, looks surprised and says "Whoa." It was perfect. And it seemed like he was actually interested and impressed by the fancy nature of the coffee shop.
Apparently he loves giving money away, too .
Reddit is so in love with Keanu right now that they've changed up their logo from the usual Reddit Alien. Feeling the Keanu love-fest? Join the Facebook group.
On June 15th, we plan on sending letters, emails,_thumbnail.gifts, and any other niceties and kind words to a real bro, Keanu Reeves. Keanu has come on some tough times lately, and doesn't seem to have the same youthful lust for life as he did even ten years ago. Please participate in Cheer Up Keanu Day, and hopefully bring a smile to Keanu Reeves' face.
If you want to make your own Sad Keanu mashups, head on over to Fun With PNGs for a transparent Sad Keanu image .
