Report Typo
Keanu Reeves (Reuters photo)
U.S. papers -- and the websites that blatantly copy them -- have been spinning stories that Keanu Reeves is going to become a father.
Reeves is continually being cast as the main character in fantastic stories involving Hollywood single mothers because the handsome Canadian is neither married nor does he seem even close to starting a family.
The latest example is a story that originally ran in one supermarket rag this month and went viral.
The story was that Reeves and Charlize Theron (they were in Sweet November together) are an item because the 36-year-old actress believes Reeves would make a swell father to her newly adopted son, Jackson.
Proving that Reeves is "dad material," the widely reprinted article said that not only does the 47-year-old Matrix thespian bring the baby toys and plays with Jackson, Reeves is actually "babysitting" when Theron needs to go out.
He allegedly also built Jackson's crib with his own hands.
(By the way, for the past six months, Reeves has been in Asia, directing and starring in Man of Tai Chi. It hasn't been explained how he could be building cribs and babysitting in Los Angeles while in Beijing.)
The rugged star never comments on such things. But Theron did. An unidentified spokeswoman for the Oscar winner told the website Gossip Cop that, "no way" did any such thing happen between the two, who are apparently just pals.
Indeed, right when the story of a Theron/Reeves match was hitting the Internet, the reliable New York Daily News ran a story that the Monster actress is in reality dating True Blood actor Alexander Skarsgard.
Before his fantasy match-up with Theron, Reeves was allegedly swooping in to save another former co-star, this time the one from Speed and The Lake House, from single parenthood.
Yes, while Sandra Bullock was going through a wretched time a couple of years ago -- her husband Jesse James was publicly cheating on her with several heavily tattooed young ladies -- the widely reported rumour was that she was finding solace in Keanu Reeves' arms.
He was also reported to be helping her with her newly adopted son, Louis.
Bullock's peeps kept trying to set the record straight.
She and Reeves were friends. Good friends. And colleagues.
You have to wonder why editors, desperate for a match-making story, can't stand seeing Reeves alone.
But there's a reason for it.
It started in 2010, when photos of a sad-looking Reeves, eating a sandwich alone on a park bench, were published.
The photos led to the spread of "Keanu is Sad/Sad Keanu" Internet meme and the Facebook fan page declaration that June 15 of that year would be the "Unofficial Cheer-up Keanu Day."
In December 1999, his girlfriend, Jennifer Symes, gave birth to their stillborn daughter. Symes died in 2001 in a car crash in Los Angeles.
Tragic stuff.
And fans are obviously eating up stories of a happily ever after.
 
