Date Arrested: May 5, 1993
Charges: Drunk-driving (DUI)
Action: Pulled over in Los Angeles.
The Story:
In 1993, Keanu Reeves, the star of such films as The Matrix Trilogy, The Devil's Advocate, Speed, Constantine and Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, was arrested for the charge of driving under the influence.  On the night of May 5, 1993, Keanu Reeves was spotted driving erratically, at which time he was pulled over.  Reeves was arrested for driving drunk, at which time he promptly confessed to the crime and avoided any charge in the matter.
While Keanu Reeves has not had any serious run-ins with the law since then, his family has not been as fortunate.  In 1992, while in Hilo Airport in Hawaii, Keanu Reeves' father, Samuel Reeves, was arrested while he was in the process of attempting to sell heroin to an acquaintance.  Samuel Reeves was charged with narcotics trafficking offences, and was sentenced to ten years in prison.  While Samuel Reeves did make many lifestyles changes while in prison, which included earning his GED and kicking his addiction to heroin.  However, Keanu Reeves has never re-established contact with his father, and the two remained estranged to this day.
Though Keanu Reeves has learned his lesson over driving under the influence, it seems Reeves still has some reckless driving in his blood.  One of the hobbies that Keanu Reeves enjoyed in the late 1990s was called 'demon riding', describing how he often drives with no headlights during the night.  On one such 'demon ride' in 1998, Keanu Reeves crashed his vehicle near Topanga Canyon.  The crash broke several ribs and also ruptured Keanu Reeves' spleen.  As a result of the injuries, and the various operations undertaken afterwards, Keanu Reeves now bares a large scar on his abdomen.
On March 21, 2007, Keanu Reeves' reckless driving once again put him back in the headlines.  At around 7:30 pm, Reeves was attempting to manoeuvre his Porshe out of a parking space near the Avenida Tranquila residential area near Los Verdes County Golf Course when his car allegedly sideswiped a photographer who had been standing in the car's path.  The incident prompted the Sheriff's Department to respond, and paramedics took the injured paparazzo away from the scene.  The Sheriff's report indicates that the paparazzo had followed Keanu Reeves to the suburban Los Angeles area, and was standing directly in front of Reeves at the time of the sideswipe.  The Sheriff's Department investigated the incident, and has not yet decided to file any charges in the matter.
