Keanu Reeves: The One In Movies
By
Rome Neal
As fans of "The Matrix" know, "Everything that has a beginning has an end."
Audiences around the world saw that end in the final chapter of the sci-fi movie franchise in "The Matrix Revolutions."
In the film, Keanu Reeves returns as Neo, who learns from the Oracle that he must fight Agent Smith to end the war between the humans and machines.
Reeves tells The Early Show co-anchor Harry Smith the film is ultimately about love.
Carrie-Anne Moss, who plays Trinity in the film, was quoted as saying, "There is no one who works harder, no one is harder on themselves than Keanu." Asked why he pushes himself so hard, Reeves says, "This is just really enjoyable and something I love. And it's the best way to be it, I guess."
Now that the "Matrix" franchise has made millions of dollars, Reeves says, "It's fun to be part of a film that people get something from and speak from oftentimes which is what you hope for."
Personally he notes, "It hasn't hurt my career, which means getting a chance to do other projects and to work, and I guess it's the impact of the relationships I have with Carrie-Anne and Laurence Fishburne and I guess the people that I worked with."
Some Facts About Keanu Reeves
Keanu Charles Reeves was born in Beirut, Lebanon on Sept. 2, 1964.
Reeves moved from New York City to Toronto with family when he was 6.
Reeves attended High School for the Performing Arts in Toronto, Ontario, Canada; failed acting class and left after one year.
In 1979, Reeves made his television acting debut in a guest appearance on the CBC production "Hanging In."
In 1984, Reeves made his professional stage debut in the Toronto production of "Wolfboy"; played a street tough in the short film "The Prodigal."
In 1985, Reeves made his debut in a Shakespearean play, "Romeo and Juliet" in Toronto. He made his U.S. television debut in "Letting Go."
In 1986, Reeves made his film acting debut in "Youngblood"; cast alongside Rob Lowe as a hockey player; appeared as Jack Be Nimble in the ABC television remake of "Babes in Toyland," which starred Drew Barrymore.
In 1987, Reeves had his first starring role in the movie "River's Edge."
In 1988, Reeves played Chevalier Danceny, a music teacher infatuated with Uma Thurman's Cecile de Volange, in "Dangerous Liaisons."
In 1989, the actor was offered a memorable turn as a teenage hippie in Ron Howard's "Parenthood"; co-starred with Andre Gregory in "The Tempest"; Reeves made his breakthrough in movies as Ted, half of the dim-witted, time-traveling pair in "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure."
In 1991, Reeves starred as a politician's son who becomes a street hustler in Gus Van Sant's "My Own Private Idaho"; reprised the time-traveling Ted for the inferior sequel "Bill and Ted's
Bogus Journey."
In 1992, Reeves was featured as Jonathan Harker in "Bram Stoker's Dracula."
In 1994, Reeves reteamed with Gus Van Sant for a supporting role in "Even Cowgirls Get the Blues"; portrayed Siddhartha in Bernardo Bertolucci's "Little Buddha"; shot to superstardom as an explosives expert attempting to defuse a bomb-rigged bus in the thriller "Speed."
In 1995, Reeves appeared as the title character in a Winnipeg production of "Hamlet"; played a WWII veteran who pretends to be married in "A Walk in the Clouds."
In 1997, Reeves played a lawyer tempted by success and Satan in "The Devil's Advocate."
In 1999, Reeves starred as Neo, a computer expert who joins forces with a rebel underground to pursue "The Matrix."
In 2000, the actor was featured as the quarterback of a football team during a 1987 players' strike in the sports comedy "The Replacements"; played a wife-beating accused murderer in "The Gift."
In 2001, cast as advertising executive opposite Charlize Theron in the remake of "Sweet November"; played a ticket scalper with big gambling debts who takes a job coaching a little league team in Chicago's Cabrini Green in the feature "Hardball"
Reeves future projects include the romantic comedy "Something's Gotta Give," starring opposite Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton; and the epic "Constantine," due in 2004.
Copyright 2009 CBS. All rights reserved. 0
Add A Comment +
