+ Subscribe
Many were shocked and saddened on Saturday, February 11, 2012 when they had heard that actress and singer Whitney Houston had passed away at the age of 48. Now there are fans waking up to hear that on Sunday, February 12, 2012, actor Keanu Reeves has fallen to his death in a snowboarding accident in Switzerland. Well, there is no validity to the latter and it is now coming up as a hoax.
Some reports are saying New Zeland and not Switzerland.
A site called Global Associated News had this report going around early on Sunday morning:
Advertisement
Actor Keanu Reeves is reported to have died shortly after a snowboard accident earlier today - February 12, 2012.
The actor & novice snowboarder was vacationing at the Zermatt ski resort in Zermatt, Switzerland with family and friends. Witnesses indicate that Keanu Reeves lost control of his snowboard and struck a tree at a high rate of speed.
Keanu Reeves was air lifted by ski patrol teams to a local hospital, however, it is believed that the actor died instantly from the impact of the crash. The actor was wearing a helmet at the time of the accident and drugs and alcohol do not appear to have played any part in his death.
The page then says more details are forthcoming and proceeds to show a travel video for New Zealand skiing as well as give details about great ski resorts there in the same breath. Seems kind of odd.
Oh, and then there is the fact that neither Collider.com, CNN, Yahoo, ComingSoon, or any other viable news source has even touched this "breaking story" yet. Go into a search engine and try to find more information and you'll also see that Reeves "died" in a snowboarding accident in December as did Adam Sandler.
For e-mail updates whenever a new article is posted, please subscribe at the top of the page and follow me on Twitter: @CapnDanny , GooglePlus , or join my group on Facebook and Celebrity Buzz .
Keanu Reeves has seemingly died in a snowboarding accident on numerous occasions now.
Photo credit: 
