 
First things first - Happy Thanksgiving.
Second things second - one of my favorite nutrition myths seems to rear its   head about this time every year:
"Everyone's going to eat too much turkey at dinner tonight and get   sleepy."
The tryptophan in the turkey meat is usually blamed for the bout of   sleepiness, as it causes a release of serotonin (a neurotransmitter   that calms the body and regulates sleep).
 
However, many different foods contain the same   or higher amounts of tryptophan - per a 200 calorie serving, spinach   contains more than twice the amount of tryptophan (1052 mg vs. 509.4 mg)!
 
Seafood, duck, eggs, even sesame seeds contain   a higher concentration of tryptophan than an equivalent 200 calorie serving   of turkey.
What if you go by food weight as opposed to calories?
Well, Swiss cheese and pork loin both top   turkey. Comparing a 100 gram serving of each, the cheese and the pork   contain 401 mg and 341 mg of tryptophan, respectively, where turkey only   contains 333 mg.
What truly causes the post-Thanksgiving dinner induced delirium is   three-fold:
1) An over consumption of   alcohol:
Can't forget that most   people drink beer or wine (or both) in generous quantities during   holiday dinners.
2) An over consumption of   food:
Perhaps the biggest factor, overeating causes a tremendous shift in blood   distribution in the body, shunting blood away from the periphery and   concentrating it around the gastrointestinal organs, where it is required to   provide energy for the digestion of the food.
 
The fact that most people tend to consume an excess of carbohydrates may also contribute to sleepiness   as these foods cause an increase in insulin secretion.
 
The insulin spike causes amino acids other   than tryptophan to be ferried into muscle cells for cellular repair, leaving   a higher concentration of tryptophan in the blood stream. This causes a   greater serotonin release, resulting in a sleepier you.
3) The high caloric   concentration of the foods consumed:
The higher calorie, fattier foods slow down digestion, requiring more energy   to process. This, in turn, reduces how energetic you may feel.
In closing, turkey does not make you   sleepy - by itself. Which bodes well for me, since I'll be munching on a   turkey sandwich on my way back from Thanksgiving Dinner.
 
P.S. It may be a good idea to get our Black Book of Secrets now to   reduce or avoid the damage from all the holiday meals. It contains exactly   what you should be eating, and the exact exercise plan you need to keep your   body fat in check. It's instantly downloadable and comes with a few cool   bonus tools to keep track of everything. Check it out here
 
P.P.S. If you're a first time reader of    MCNewsletters, sign up for our weekly newsletter below... or read    more about it here .
 
