Why Does Smoking Pot Make You Hungry
Alright. Let’s admit that the pot (marijuana) makes us happy, hungry and sleepy (in that order). That’s the sweetness of this herb, but if you have been wondering why smoking pot makes you hungry, you are on the right page. Researchers have been taking much interest in this subject not just to find out the reason why marijuana makes you hungry, but also to find out whether marijuana or marijuana like substances can be used to increase appetite for certain patients. This study explains how one feels hungry after smoking marijuana and it also offers some clues to treating the problem of obesity.
How Does Smoking Pot Make You Hungry
There are certain chemicals in our brain that control when and how much we eat. These chemicals are called endocannabinoids and are similar to the active ingredients in marijuana but they don’t make you high.
Scientists carried out an experiment to find out how endocannabinoids work towards our appetite. This experiment consists of mice that were genetically engineered so that their brain receptors could not respond to any chemicals. It was found that those mice showed a less than normal intake of food. This observation supported the former assumption that marijuana activates brain receptors that are involved with increasing appetite.
Dr. George Kunos, who is the scientific director of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, led this study to know why smoking cannabis makes you hungry. In his research, he said that his results suggest endocannabinoids are part of the complex neural circuitry controlled by leptin. Leptin is a hormone that tells the brain when it is time to lose weight. Leptin also reduces levels of other appetite-enhancing substances. When you smoke marijuana, it stimulates endocannabinoids in your brain and that increases your appetite by 40%.
One of the most important aspects of this study is, understanding the neural circuitry that is responsible for triggering your appetite. When the mice experiment was carried out, their cannabinoid receptor (CB 1) was genetically blocked and that made them eat less than normal. This study was remarkable in the discovery of certain treatments and approaches that had a potential in treatment of obesity which is a million dollar business all over the world. Studies are still being carried out on this subject and so far, marijuana has been proven to help cure glaucoma, cancer and act as a pain relief.
Smoking Pot: Weight Gain or Weight Loss?
I always come across the question whether smoking pot makes you lose or gain weight. Neither of it is true. Initially, when a person starts smoking pot, his/her appetite would suddenly trigger and make him/her eat much more than usual. If you are not involved in any physical activity, it would obviously increase your weight. But if you are doing some kind of exercise, your after-pot-binge-eating will certainly not affect your weighing machine readings to a large extent.
My personal experience is that, if you choose to eat healthy food when the pot-hunger strikes, you will help in keeping the calorie count in control and most importantly you will feel fresh and energetic unlike the usual hungry, lazy and sleepy. Drinking “chai” has been one of the hippies’ favorite and that works with me too. Chai (hot tea), not only helps in healing the throat but is also a good and healthy option to keep control of sudden appetite trigger. Smoking up after having a regular meal helps too. Not that you would not feel hungry, you will; but the intensity would not be as strong as in the case of smoking up before having your meal. This will keep you away from binge eating. I would also recommend some physical activity as a part of your regular schedule. It is not always necessary to exercise or go for a jog. Some of you may find that boring. Here’s an idea - If you are a true Psy Trance lover, like I am, just play some psychedelic trance and feel the music; your feet will take care of the rest!
Here's another fact: A true pothead would never give a shit about hunger, nor weight! Right, stoners?
But that does not mean, I support potheads, neither does it mean that you should not look after your hunger and weight. Just eat healthy and feel right. I would love to know about your experiences of smoking pot and extreme hunger. Sometimes, they can get funnier than we’d ever thought of. Let’s share some laughs here; let's roll one!
Spread Love & Light,
Live the Magic!
☮Peace☮
The content of this blog is well researched and written by Astral ૐ Anveshta and Divine ૐ Tattva.
Posted by Psy Duo at 6:01 AM
