What happens if you smoke weed and damiana leaf together? like mixed?
Question by sinerr: What happens if you smoke weed and damiana leaf together? like mixed? Best answer: Answer by Exec Pot HeadCough like a mother focker! Mix a weed with some brush and that is like smoking dirt. What do you think? Answer below!
Q&A: What’s the difference between smoking Damiana and Salvia?
Question by Sherry P: What’s the difference between smoking Damiana and Salvia? Hello, I ordered damiana leaf because I heard that it can be quite relaxing to smoke, but then heard something about Salvia? Is it more powerful or better? Best answer: Answer by J Cyes.. Damiana can also be smoked, whereby the effects are [...]
How much tea do i add to one cup water (oolong)?
Question by Sarzz: How much tea do i add to one cup water (oolong)? The instructions on the packet are in chinese so i cant read that can anyone please tell me how much tea should i add to the boiling water. Its loose oolong tea. Best answer: Answer by Stefan K1 tea spoon Add [...]
Q&A: are all teas made from the same leaf, just made/processed/manufactured differently? chamomile?
Question by QuestionMan: are all teas made from the same leaf, just made/processed/manufactured differently? chamomile? how is chamomile tea made? tea with chamomile flowers added? what about ginger tea? just tea with ginger added? Best answer: Answer by dartez_mzwith chamomile flowers… What do you think? Answer below!
Is my character description any good?
by Lauren Tucker Photography Question by L: Is my character description any good? Its not done.. but here is the start.. its for a character in my story.. Any tips or sentences that i can manipulate would be great! Eden the Goddess of nature is naturally stunning! Her skin glows beneath the dress that was [...]
How can I make My shampoo smell like Herbal Essences Rose Hips?
by highboom Question by : How can I make My shampoo smell like Herbal Essences Rose Hips? I really loved the Herbal Essences Rose Hip shampoo (you know, the kind they sold before they got all prissy and pre-teen) and now that they’ve discontinued it, I need a way to make just plain shampoo smell [...]
Q&A: Is use of green jasmine tea helps you to burn your fats?
Question by Omer: Is use of green jasmine tea helps you to burn your fats? I studies in different articles that it helps to stimulate metabolism and burn your calories. Plus it is good for your skin and your digestive system. Chinnnese people are good example as they have fresh skin and moderate weight. They [...]
How do green tea bags reduce undereye puffiness?
Question by tangerine: How do green tea bags reduce undereye puffiness? I recently read that putting soaked green tea bags on the eyes was a good way to reduce undereye puffiness. Does the tea have to be green, though? I thought it was the cooling sensation of the bags rather than their content that was [...]
Q&A: What could the combination of burdock root, licorice root and elder flowers be used for?
Question by esha26: What could the combination of burdock root, licorice root and elder flowers be used for? Best answer: Answer by oldtimekid2Well… they really don’t have any overlapping benefits so it’s tough to say. Burdock is good for the health of the liver, kidneys, and even for clear skin. Licorice has a few different [...]
