6
Heat and Humidty both Affect the body in different ways and make people tired because the blood becomes heated above 88.6 degrees F... and the body cools itself through sweating, and causes changes in the circulation system as it does so... as a last resort we may pant to cool down.
When temperature rises our blood vessels become constrictive and our blow flow moves to the surface of our skin, to allow the heat to drain off of it faster into a cooler atmosphere, simultaneously to sweating, and this is able to expel 90% of the bodies heat.
Humidity makes a person sleepy because...Their is more water vapor in the air when the humidity is the highest. 100% humidity means its raining. When its dryer the body is able to expel its body heat faster in dryer air than it is in moist air because the moisture .. acts like a blanket keeping the body heat in.
The Sweating causes more water loss, leads to dehydration which also increases fatigue... and the continue loss of water also expels from the body dissolved chemicals like Sodium chloride, salt.. and depletes the body of water which leads to thickening of the blood.. requiring harder work and pressure to pump it through the body, adding strain on the heart, and blood vessels.
The combination of both can kill people with heart diseases, and lead people to heatstroke.
As you can tell by all of the above Heat and Humidity make the body work extra hard, to keep at a good temperature and is very tiring.
source(s):
http://islandnet.com/~see/weather/life/heat.htm
Heat and Humidty both Affect the body in different ways and make people tired because the blood becomes heated above 88.6 degrees F... and the body cools itself through sweating, and causes changes in the circulation system as it does so... as a last resort we may pant to cool down.  When temperature rises our blood vessels become constrictive and our blow flow moves to the surface of our skin, to allow the heat to drain off of it faster into a cooler atmosphere, simultaneously to sweating, and this is able to expel 90% of the bodies heat.   Humidity makes a person sleepy because...Their is more water vapor in the air when the humidity is the highest. 100% humidity means its raining. When its dryer the body is able to expel its body heat faster in dryer air than it is in moist air because the moisture .. acts like a blanket keeping the body heat in.  The Sweating causes more water loss, leads to dehydration which also increases fatigue... and the continue loss of water also expels from the body dissolved chemicals like Sodium chloride, salt.. and depletes the body of water which leads to thickening of the blood.. requiring harder work and pressure to pump it through the body, adding strain on the heart, and blood vessels.   The combination of both can kill people with heart diseases, and lead people to heatstroke.  As you can tell by all of the above Heat and Humidity make the body work extra hard, to keep at a good temperature and is very tiring.
