Best Answer - Chosen by Voters
you cannot make up for sleep.it only will make you worse and more tired.
Is it possible to have too much sleep?
Indeed it is and sleeping too long can make us as tired and lethargic as having too little. If  you wake up tired after sleeping for eight hours or longer, more sleep is not what you need.
Why do you feel so tired after all that sleep?
Too much sleep can weaken your sleep system. Your body is not awake for long enough to absorb enough sunlight, get enough exercise or partake of enough tiring activities.Your body temperature takes a long time to climb to normal in the morning making you very drowsy for several hours after waking. In fact you body temperature may not climb to its peak at all, so you may feel lethargic all day. This is because excess melatonin that has been released by keeping your eyes closed for a long time does not dissipate quickly leaving you feeling drowsy and drained of energy. Too much sleep can actually weaken your immune system leading to lowered resistance to colds, flu or worse.
A better quality of sleep is what's needed rather than more sleep. Sleep needs to be optimised so that you can sleep a lot less and feel more energised and are actually healthier. Quite often we don't get enough deep sleep even when we are sleeping eight hours or more. Deep sleep is the most important type of sleep out body needs.
One quick way to feel more energised during the day is to do some exercise. This raises your body temperature and wakes up your whole body. Your lungs will fill with healthy oxygen. Get out into the sunlight if possible, this will strengthen the sleep system and you'll be creating better deeper sleep for yourself at night.
Schedule a visit next to your doctor. You need to hold some blood tests run to rule out thyroid, anemia,etc. Tiredness can be a symptom of masses things. Before you go, net a list of any symptoms you are have.constipation, weight gain, any twinge, numbness, depression, menstrual cycle changes. Do you remember an approximate time frame when this started? Anything you can report the Dr. will help him peter out the field of investigation & assist where tests he will establish for a conclusive diagnosis.
You need to sleep conceivably 7 hours for about 4 days you will be tired but your body will grasp back on track...
I suspect though that it's a rut you are within. If you force yourself to get up and carry active, the first few days it might be tough but respectively day it will procure better. Get out in the sunshine, relish the nice summer weather and at least stride for exercise. Play some sports if you can and try to get together beside friends and laugh (it's really healthy to chortle and helps oxygenate the body as you are breathing correctly when laughing).
Oh, as in good health, look at your diet, are you eating lots of fresh fruit and vegetables? Drinking ample fluids?
video games eyesight? I play gta san andreas for 2 yrs 16 hours a day?
Perhaps you are getting too much sleep and this is making you tired. Too much sleep is impossible for you but not quite as bleak as too little sleep and it is the lesser of the two evils.
Perhaps a multivitamin every daylight might give you an heartiness boost.
4 years ago
