by Psychiatrist on 2007-05-29 00:41
I have indeed seen ritalin and other stimulants promote sleep, in two different ways.
Some people who can't sleep with sedating medications take stimulants during the day and then use the withdrawal from the stimulant to promote sleep.  Although not a common strategy, I have used it a few times and it works when little else does.
But I think your question is why do stimulant medications and stimulant antidepressants like Welbutrin (bupropion) directly promote sleep? I must admit, I have never seen this with high dose ritalin, but I have seen it with Welbutrin and even low dose ritalin.
Some individuals with frontal lobe injuries, attention deficit, or other conditions causing subtle frontal lobe dysfunction (depression/borderline personality disorder), are distracted by multiple thoughts before they go to sleep.  Often these thoughts are worrisome and prevent relaxation.
Rarely, the activation from ritalin (from the reticular activating system, locus coeruleus, etc) is not that great with low dose ritalin, but the frontal lobe stimulating effect of the ritalin serves as an *inhibitor* of a hyperactive limbic system.  The individual trying to sleep on low dose ritalin focuses on fewer things and feels less emotional distress, just as individuals with classic attention disorder do when they are treated.  This focusing effect, without the energizing effect, can help people with sleep. Rarely, I have seen patients respond in this way and forthose patients ritalin can indeed promote sleep.
clarification of my question
by a crazy reader    on 2007-05-29 00:53
I was not wondering about using these drugs to promote sleep (though your comments on that are interesting and useful) but about why these meds make some patients feel sleepy. Would you or anyone else reading this care to comment?
norepinephrine increases from ritalin -- a neural inhibitor
by Psychiatrist on 2007-05-29 01:05
Experiencing many thoughts (multi-tasking) can be stimulating.  Fewer thoughts penetrating into consciousness because of limbic inhibition, by ritalin for example, may make a person feel sleepy.  Noradrenergic neurotransmission in the brain – say, caused by ritalin – in many circumstances is actually an inhibitor of neural transmission, and these effects can be calming or even cause fatigue.
