Your body is responding to some chemical element in the weed. Some blends will make you energetic, some will make you sleepy.
Source: http://www.chacha.com/question/why-does-smoking-pot-make-you-tired
More Answers to "Why does smoking pot make you tired"
Why does smoking pot make me so tired?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090613083356AAQIUGw
In addition to being a hallucinogen marijuana is a depressant as well. Everyone reacts differently to drugs, and peoples' reactions can change over time as well. I know several people who just get sleepy after smoking marijuana so they've s...
Related Questions Answered on Y!Answers
Does smoking pot make you look old?Lets say you smoke about two joints a day?Also does it make you look tired?
Q:
A: I don't think there's a connection between pot and looking old. But yes it will make you look tired. Usually right after you smoke, your eyelids swell up and they droop like you're about to fall asleep. your eyes turn red and you can't concentrate on anything.Smoking 2 joints a day won't do anything to your outer appearance in the long run, not like ciggarettes. They say pot is more potent than ciggarette smoke, but you don't smoke near the amount of pot smoke that you do cigarette smoke. You might smoke a pack of cigarettes a day, where you can share those 2 joints with someone and only smoke half of really small joints. There's no comparison. I don't know many people who can smoke 2 entire joints a day by themselves unless they are smaller than a beatty.
Why does my girlfriend get tired when she smokes pot? I don't smoke so I don't know.?
Q:
A: because it's a downer...just like your girlfriend...i've been one and have known many pot heads...they're not known for being the life of the party.
Why are more baby boomers going back to smoking pot?
Q: I have more and more friends that have quit drinking and now they smoke pot on Friday nights at home to unwind. These are people in their mid 50's. These people work hard and have always unwinded their work week with a few drinks at happy hour on Fridays. They got tired of the Sat am hangovers so now they unwind at home with weed. Do any of you know anyone like this?
A: I've been pretty much the same way.  I drank alot in my early-mid 20s, but once the 30s roll around your body just doesn't want to deal with hangovers and all the crap that alcohol does to you.  It is much easier on the body to just smoke some weed.  I imagine that is even more true in your 40s and 50s.
