John Davies
Thank you Jane.  It’s TM for me, too, for three years – and I have enjoyed great relief and calmness as a result.  I am not sure that I agree it’s an over-stimulated mind that caused the problem.  The sudden bout of intense doom-dreaming came from nowhere – life was just as usual – hence the protein idea.
As with TM, I have found I have to get into a new habit!  If I find there “isn’t enough milk” and don’t bother to buy any, I do not get what I need.  It’s so simple – and yet it’s really difficult to change old ways.
I do agree you can convince yourself you won’t sleep well or that – once awake – you won’t be able to get back to sleep.  I don’t know how we stagger on from day to day sometimes – but sharing this stuff is in itself a big help.
Cliff
Wow, Im really glad Im not alone in this!
Since I was a child I have had dreams like this. The youngest I remember was when I was about 4-5, and my parents werent really my parents, but some sort of alien for lack of a better word. I steered clear of them for days afterwards.
Im many of my dreams I know that I am me, but its like Im occupying someone elses life and body. Quantum Leap like.
Frequently I can mold or change the dream if I dont like it, but not always.
Countless times I awaken exhausted, sore, pulled a muscle, and even bruised! The mind is more powerful than we can imagine, as I have woken up with bruises on my back. Many times its hard to determine what was dream and what is real memory.
I have also had future dreams. Once I went to sleep near my mom on vacation and woke up just a minute later dripping sweat, heart racing and panicked. The dream was just me seeing her in a hospital bed dying with tubes coming out of her etc. and realizing I was losing her. Of course I woke up, shook her and she was fine.
Well, 6 years later….. I almost passed out when I went into see her in ICU. Exactly as the dream.
Now I dont believe in the fact our lives are set, but that disturbs me to this very day. That was 13 years ago.
It does affect me daily, as I need at least 10 hours to cope, and sometimes 12+. There are actually times I wake up tired after 8 hours, then sleep another 4 and wake up feeling better.
Sorry for the long post, but wanted to share. I could go on for days.
on 21 July 2009 at 12:31 pm | Reply
Juan
Wow, this has to be the reason why I am tired often. I usually always remember my dreams. I think I read those who sleep best don’t remember anything when they wake up. That is most certainly not me! I’m just the type of person who is always thinking. Thinking all day…and I guess all night.
I should go back to doing yoga and calm my mind.
Desmond
Hello Cliff, those who believe in re-incarnation will tell you that many children aged 3-5 years are aware that their parents aren’t their original parents, and sometimes cause a fuss, (naturally), also they might not identify with their current life and body.
Reincarnation seems probable as a fact of life for many people, but I don’t know either way.
I hope Jane doesn’t take offence, but her dreams of too much to do in a short time, and too much to pack into a suit case, both speak of someone who is trying to get too much done in the one day, a harmful attitude that affects almost every energetic person in our urban society.  Our grandparents worked harder and longer than us, but it was repetitive physical work in concert with others for a visible common sense purpose, work that calmed the mind.
These are just some thoughts that came to mind as I read both comments, – best wishes.
Cliff
Desmond,
Not sure if I believe in re incarnation or not, but… even at a young age (5-6) I kept hearing comments that I have “old” or “wise” eyes along with me being an “old soul”.
Never put much stock in that, but then again Ive dreamed things that came true.
Too bad none of that knowledge or wisdom stayed with me and I had to learn all over again. Seems like a waste of time.
Thanks for the opinion though, something to mull over.
Corey
Hey guys,
So I have all these same problems too, but I noticed that I can try to combat them.
Even though it seems like you dream “all night”, I read somewhere that the most lucid dreams actually take place in the morning after you have already been sleeping.
I know this sounds hard, but if you set your alarms clock to wake you up BEFORE you get into your super dream state, you could get off the head of the creature. I noticed when I do this, you feel EXTREMELY tired, but you have to FIGHT IT! Usually the more tired I am when I wake up, the less tired I feel later in the day.
ALSO for the first time today, I woke myself up out of my dream, in the dream. In the dream I was like, “It’s time to leave” and POOF I woke up.
You can control your dreams. I know it hard to think about this stuff while your doing it, but you can! Once you realize you are dreaming the possibilites are endless…..
But even if you control your dreams, you still wake up tired damnit.
on 19 August 2009 at 9:54 pm | Reply
Anita Kurth
OMG, i can so relate with all of you.  My vivid dreams really started, so I thought, when I got on cymbalta.  I have been on it for over a year.  I am most of the time unable to move and have to really strain to try and move and talk.  My kids wake me up and I scare them for it sounds like i am possessed when i talk in my sleep.  I pray aloud in my dreams, trying to keep the enemy out.  They are vivid, colorful, and just physical…i am so tired.
i slowly weaned myself off of the cymbalta a.nd it has been a week now, and nothing has changed.  i will give it a few more weeks.
I decided to take a stress test, had a heart ultrasound, and had lab work…all is good.
Researching, i am about to look into a sleep study, gluten test, or possible chronic fatigue symdrome.
i am a 2 time cancer survivor, free for a 1 1/2 yrs.  I have had chemo, radiation, hysterectomy, colostomy, buy it seems like the dreams have been going on a while, but not more than a year.
I even have a pinched nerve in my shoulder, and a google of that than cause fatigue….
I am slowing trying to figue these things out so i can fix it….not to accept and live with it.
I think I get good sleep because i sleep all nite, but i am so busy in my dreams, i don’t have time to wake up!!!!
I just don’t know where to start.
i think i may try being off of the cymbalta, then going to the chiroprator for my pinched nerve is painful.  I will see about a sleep study to see if i am stop breathing or something going on…and just keep going.
I work for a cardiologist and we send a lot of people for sleep studies, and i never realized the importantance of gaining info from them.
on 28 September 2009 at 12:07 pm | Reply
Elisabeth
I remember my dreams starting at age 3. Night terrors at 6. Waking dreams began at 14 and I learned to lucid dream at 16.
Some times it stops, for a week, maybe a month. It always comes back though, every night. I’ve been old women, princes, mafia kings, animals; dreamt in color, stop animation, claymation, film noir, past, present and future.
I can’t fully wake until the dream is over, not matter how many times an alarm goes off.
on 2 October 2009 at 1:44 pm | Reply
John
Add me to the list.. I can always remember my dreams in detail, and I don’t feel rested from sleep unless I don’t dream which is basically never.
on 27 October 2009 at 2:52 pm | Reply
Lynda
I dream nearly every night/early mornings. Stupid things like people being tea cups and trying not to let them break as they walk over speed bumps?? (i know) or simple things like flying and being chased. I wake up so tired and grumpy that I have to force myself through the day.
I looked up the idea of Narcolepsy and interestingly found ‘Narcolepsy may also be associated with cataplexy, or sudden loss of muscle tone and power in response to strong emotion, e.g. elation and anger. It is not usually triggered by stress. Brief periods of total paralysis may also occur at the beginning or end of sleep, as may vivid hallucinations.
Check out this site for more details
on 13 November 2009 at 10:57 am | Reply
Michelle
I have the same problem.  Everyone is talking about their experiences, which I totally identify with, but is there a solution.  I have tried relaxation, meditation, exercise, journaling (which seems to make it worse, by the way) and I just can’t find relief!
on 21 November 2009 at 2:54 pm | Reply
Analisa
I’m constantly tired especially in the last 21 months.  I’ve suffered either from insomnia or I sleep and have vivid dreams and when I wake I’m exhausted.  I don’t know what to do.  I do know that up until these last 21 months I never really had vivid dreams.  I actually slept with no problems.  I’m glad I found this page maybe will get some good insight on how to help myself.
Desmond
Hello Analisa, can you remember a significant event that happened 21 months ago to cause your insomnia, like changing your address or something like that?  If you can, then maybe you will be able to give us some insight into the problem our vivid dreams.  best wishes, Desmond.
on 9 December 2009 at 8:14 am | Reply
Lisy
I had a polysomnography done and the results were normal.  However, I had nightmares that particular night.  According to the report results, I completed all my sleep cycles, so they say it was a normal study.  O course I can sleep all my cycles…I never wake up…..that is why I am so tired in the mornings!  I sleep, yes, but my sleep is not good because of all my vivid dreams.
I have tried sleeping pills (Rx and natural) AND I STILL HAVE THEM.  I am clear that my problem is not the lack of sleep, but that I need my brain to relax when I am asleep.
Help!!
on 18 December 2009 at 3:20 pm | Reply
Alison
Wow!  Add me to the list.  I just googled “wake up tired from dreaming.” I’m getting pretty sick up it.  I can’t believe how many others like me are out there.  Only once in my life have I actually known another “intense dreamer” as I call myself.  All my life I have had very vivid dreams and wake up exhausted.  I have often thought if Steven Speilberg could get inside my brain he’d stumble upon lots of great action movies.  What is amazing me is that this thread of dialogue has been going on for a couple of years now, and I haven’t seen any real insights or solutions.  Is there really a complete lack of research or interest in brains like ours?  I’d be happy to be part of a study just so I could understand myself better.
cara
I have read recently that abnormally long spans of REM sleep and shorter spans of restful deep sleep are often associated with clinical depression.  I wonder if antidepressant medications may help lessen dream-time and provide more restful sleep to some of us, even if we are not necessarily diagnosable as depressed.  Of course this begs the question, which is worse: exhausting dreams or antidepressant side-effects?
Laurie
I am so grateful to be able to read about other peoples’ experiences with not just the intense dreams but also the fatigue that accompanies it.  My boyfriend has a very difficult time understanding it when I try to explain to him why I am so tired upon awakening, and at times during the day, since he only needs 6 hours of sleep, has no vivid dreams (or barely will remember them if he does dream), and wakes up feeling like his battery was recharged while asleep.  To me this would be the ultimate gift!  I wake up exhausted, as if I’ve run a marathon at times, with my heart racing, still feeling as if I’m in the dream.  To top it off, I grind my teeth at night, which makes you even more tired, achy, and discontented.  Thankfully, as I’ve been “channelling” more (or “medium” work, with my clients) the bruxism has gotten less and less. ( I had an intuitive in Sedona Arizona relate to me that people who grind their teeth at night are natural channels who aren’t allowing the messages come through—they’re “fighting” that inclination, therefore the “stress” of resisting that manifests in grinding the teeth together.  Some may believe that is nonsense, but that is their right to believe so.
A few nights ago I dreamt I was in a jail or prison walking the corridors.  I came upon a bed in the middle of the hall, and layed down.  All the sudden this huge 150+ pound dog got on the bed with me, and put his massive jaws around my wrist, holding me tight but not puncturing the skin.  It was so intense, that I could actually feel the weight and pressure  of his jaw/teeth holding me.  I did somehow manage to release his jaw from around me, which I associate with a positive indication of being able to “break free” from something stressful or unhealthy for me, at least.  That definately doesn’t take away from the fact that it affects my quality of sleep!
I live quite a healthy lifestyle, and believe in integrating mind, body, spirit, treating your body as a temple, so everything I do is geared towards that.  So I put nothing in my body that is chemical, plus no medications including the brith control pill or even Ibuprofin, nothing of that kind.  No alcohol or drugs.  I eat as healthy as possible.  I exercise regularly, including doing inversion therapy and yoga.  I meditate often.  I don’t watch T.V. which can be a form of a “drug”, and can be addictive.  I have not a perfect partner, but a very healthy, supportive, non co-dependent relationship with a wonderful man.  Except that it’s difficult for him to understand why I’m so tired, because he’s never been through that himself.  Maybe that is the problem!  That he doesn’t understand?
I feel like I’ve written a book here, but it really does help to “vent” and share experiences with people who understand, and this is just a great validation for me on how I’ve felt!  Fyi, I did start heating up some low fat milk before bed, and maybe over time this will be beneficial.  If anyone else has any other natural ideas for reducing intensity of dreams, would love to hear them.
As far as people having street lights pop off as you are under them: We are all energy, and you probably have incredibly powerful, highly intense energy fields to be able to cause that to happen!  There is more to this world than what we can hear, feel, see, and touch, after all! Thanks, L
John Davies
Since my posting some while back advocating increased protein – i.e. drink a pint of milk a day – we have had a baby.  The two are not necessarily connected but I can assure you that this is definitely one dramatic solution to over-dreaming as you tend not to sleep at all or to sleep in short spans!
on 5 January 2010 at 11:35 am | Reply
Jo
I agree with Alison.  People will research just about anything – why is this not being studied?  There has to be something about our brains in particular, don’t you think? I’d be willing to bet that beyond these crazy dreams, we don’t have much else in common here, so while I think it’s great to hypothesize and experiment with additional milk intake or meditation, I doubt we all have a protein deficiency etc.  I am glad that this thread has stayed alive – one of us will luck into some help eventually.
Congrats John Davies – Happy New Year to all.
John Davies
Thank you Jo!  Am back to undisturbed sleep – and some very vivid dreams again.  The trouble with The Great Milk Experiment is that I just don’t keep it up, so I’ll never know if it works or not.  Peace to all weary dreamers.
sipusa
Lately i have even been tiren in my dreams, and when I try to wake up I am so tired my eyes will almost not open…but my cat will force me to wake up because she is hungry.
It’s not that I don’t like dreaming, I love my dreaming world, but when I dream that I am so tired that I can’t keep my eyes open and just go around only getting half of the things that happens (witch are everything from military training with shootings and killing down to family meetings in the same dream:-P)
I am amazed so many other people do dream so much! Greatings to all my fellow dreamers, maybe we’ll meet one night?;-)
on 20 January 2010 at 2:45 pm | Reply
carly
oh thank goodness i am not alone!!! i am always SO tired from my dreams! i don’t have recurring dreams, but i do have recurring themes – being chased by a psychotic murderer – always in different places, times, with different people. my dreams about flying really scare me, i hate them.
but i’m always exhausated, and it is so frustrating!! i seem to nap much better, not as many dreams, but i work full time and have a baby, so good long naps aren’t really in the cards for me.
i don’t see any solutions on here, but it’s nice to see there are others like me! i guess misery does love company…
on 24 January 2010 at 10:05 pm | Reply
Meesh
I was so surprised to type “do dreams” and the computer finish my sentence “make you tired”. My dreams are EXHAUSTING I have such a hard time getting to work. I even have dreams of being at a hectic day at work and then wake up and have to do it again(for real this time). Even though the first time around was a dream I still feel like I am doing a double shift for single pay.
on 25 January 2010 at 1:00 pm | Reply
Sarah
as exhausted as I am right now from being a super-hero all last night fighting the forces of evil, I do feel better now that I know I’m not the only one who experiences this.
I have always had these vivid dreams, but I don’t remember them affecting my waking life much before my teenage years. Every night for the last week I’ve had terrible nightmares, woke up sweating, my heart racing, totally disoriented and freaked out. Every week isn’t like this though, I remember one three week period a couple years ago that I didn’t have a single nightmare and felt relatively rested in the morning. I remember many more times though that I’ve fallen asleep in class, at my desk at work, even in my car outside grocery stores and department stores when I just couldn’t keep my eyes open anymore. I’m pretty good at dragging myself out of bed when I need to, but I know that doesn’t necessarily mean anything.
Until coming across this page this morning I’ve never met anyone who could truly relate.
I’ve tried a LOT of different things to try to affect how I sleep. I don’t do drugs, but I’ve given up drinking entirely, I’ve gone through phases of drinking every night before going to bed. I’ve tried sleeping pills, Ashwaganda, and Theanine supplementation, rubbing lavender oil on my temples every night, playing soothing music while going to bed and while sleeping, yoga, thai chi, meditating. The Theanine does help me get to sleep, which can be a problem for me as well, but I don’t feel any more rested when I wake up in the morning. The meditating has helped reduce my stress during the day, but hasn’t helped me be less tired.
Someone above was wondering about anti-depressant medication. Well… I was diagnosed a little over a year ago with OCD and depression, and have been taking medication for it since then. The meds have helped me enormously to cope with my waking life, but have not improved my sleep at all. If you think depression may be a problem for you I do suggest talking to a psychiatrist anyway. I believe for people who need it, medication will make a noticeable difference in your quality of life, which will help you cope with everything better, including being exhausted all the time.
Desmond, your comment that our condition being a vocation struck a cord with me. I’ve known for a long time that my dreams were not normal, and there must a reason for it. It’s comforting to think my daily suffering could be serving a higher purpose.
Best wishes to all of you,
Sarah
on 28 January 2010 at 2:00 pm | Reply
Thomas
I have dreams every night. It makes me very tired the whole next days. I think it started when I was in high school. I was very stressful and I started the nightmare then. After two years, I recovered from nightmares and  the stressful situation  but the dreams were still there. How can I get rid of these dreams and just have a good sleep at night? I would like to try anything if it helps.
Mark
So lately, I’ve been having these dreams where I become immobilized and spend the length of my dream screaming and trying to move with all my might. I wake up every morning feeling like I’ve just taken a monster exam and I want to go right back to bed.
It’s started re-occurring more and more now lately. Wish there was a state of mind I could be in, to avoid it.
on 2 February 2010 at 7:12 pm | Reply
Desmond
Hello from Desmond again, hello Sarah thanks for your comment. I don’t want to outrage anybody but I sensed that a reply had been directed to me, and it had.
I think that most of the night travellers are probably psychic in some way, I have looked up some websites on the pineal gland but haven’t found anything that’s suitable, I’m sure there are sites that will tie in our night activity with those who have the gift of second sight. In the nineteenth century Blessed Catherine Emmerich provided very detailed and authentic information about the Holy Land at the time of Jesus, she also gave intimate and virtually unknowable details about  personal relationships there, later confirmed by scholars.  She never left her village but got all her information while asleep, as she said , “Actually going there night after night”.  Three books of her night voyages are in print, and her story can be found on a website.
Currently our world is in distress and I do think that many of us are learning how to make ourselves useful at nighttime, our world needs it.  Just an opinion, best wishes to all.
Leslie
Hello.
Just want to join the club.  After many, many years of waking up exhausted from my dreams (of course, I thought I was the only one, but am happy to know that I am not) I decided to do a Google search just as you all have, and here I am.  (Great minds think alike!).
I don’t want the dreams to stop, I just want the rest and rejuvenation to begin.  I love the fact that I go into “another world” when I dream.  I feel like it’s my little refuge, my secret place that no one else knows about.  Sometimes I feel what’s happening is that I’m living another life, a parallel life; or visiting another world.  Whatever the case may be, I feel like there is definitely more than meets the eye.  And I feel like I am one of the “chosen ones” who gets to have these experiences (just wish they made me feel refreshed in the morning).
I have often thought that this vivid dreaming is a side effect or evidence of some type of psychic ability.  Though I can’t say that I have developed my psychic abilities (because we all have them, dormant though they may be), I am beginning to explore the idea that perhaps it’s time to embrace, explore and develop my sixth sense.
Rest, rejuvenation and a good night’s sleep to all.
Leslie
kelli
Help….is there anybody out there with the cure.  I take prozac so I’m wondering if that has increased these dreams/tiredness.  I’ve always been a heavy dreamer/ sleep walker.  It’s gotten much worse within the last 6 months!  My eyes feel tired & heavy everyday.  I’ve tried exercising more, valarian root, going to bed earlier, sleepy time tea…the list goes on.  Nothing seems to work.  I’ve also tried taking Advil PM & that doesn’t ever work.  I wake up all through out the night by taking that stuff.  I feel like I can take a nap at anytime of the day.  There has to be some fix out there….please?  It is refreshing to find this website & to know that I’m not crazy!
on 19 February 2010 at 8:30 pm | Reply
Naomi
In response to Cara’s earlier comment/query about the potential of anti-depressants to reduce dream intensity: I have noticed that my dreams have become more intense since comming of anti-depressants (SSRI’s).  While on them, my sleep was more restful.
on 7 March 2010 at 5:42 pm | Reply
Joe P
I have exactly the same dreams and experiences as all of the people above.  But it seems that none of us have any answers to create a nights sleep w/o the vivid dreams.  Mine aren’t nightmares  etc.,  but people that I have not seen for years and have really not been part of my life come into my dreams.  The dreams I like are the friends and relatives that have passed away and they come into my dreams as they were when they were young.  It’s like being with them in real life.  But, would like to sleep without dreaming and getting up refreshed and not being tired all day.
on 14 March 2010 at 9:58 pm | Reply
Peanuts
I have the most vivid dreams, and at least 2-3 days a weeks are violent or my death bed.  So everymorning I wake up tired because I feel I never even slept.  So this has been going on for months.  I
on 14 March 2010 at 10:04 pm | Reply
Peanuts
I have the most vivid dreams, and at least 2-3 days a weeks are violent or my death bed.  So everymorning I wake up tired because I feel I never even slept.  So this has been going on for months.  I  quit smoking with the nicotine patch and that is when it started.  And the antidepressents I have since stopped taking cause I only feel more crazy.  I couldn’t fall asleep at night so I was using my anxiety med to relax me to fall asleep and became dependant on those and then addicted and started abusing that.  But only left me stuck in my vivid dream with no way out.  So now I don’t take any meds, and have been off the nicotine patch and meds for about 4 months now.  And my dreams are only getting worse.  I try to think of good thoughts before falling asleep, but even then they are vivid good dreams that leave me waking up feeling tired, moody, and more anxiety.  Adding to my already unresolved mental problems.  What to do?
on 18 March 2010 at 5:37 pm | Reply
Desmond
I felt especially sorry for Peanuts in his current situation, since he ? has taken so much trouble to clear his llife of artificial medication.  Four months is only part way into the de-tox period and is bound to  be a troublesome time, so perhaps the problems will gradually go away, I do hope so.
Just before falling asleep, it is good to remember each person who spoke to you during the day, (this meditation is a little like circling the wagons at nighttime), it will collect up most of your stray thoughts and keep the mind unified during the hours of sleep.
Pleasant dreams to you all.
