Hi, @kramer !
Had you been tested reactive for Hepatitis C ?  Your question is vague to me because you didn’t state if you were tested with Hepatitis C.  It sounds that you are just thinking you have Hepatitis C based on what you have experienced.  Please note that fatigue can be caused by many factors.  If in that span of two years, you’ve been sleeping late most often then your body has its own way of telling you that it’s tired already or it’s that it’s being overworked.  Hmm, you would then ask me why but it’s my own experience. I have been staying up late most often for nearly 3 years now and I have slowly felt fatigue due to stress as I work most often in front of my computer.  So I figure out that I just lack enough sleep.  What I do since I cannot avoid staying up late, I look for a complete food supplements that can nourish the body, can heal and fight against deadly diseases.  I am not advertising here but since I have been taking my food supplement, I am now able to focus on what I have to do.  My concentration and memory has been enhanced and I really could feel that the supplement works for me effectively.  But of course, even though you are taking food supplements, you should have at least 7 hours of sleep.  We all need it.
source(s):
opinion
Hi, @kramer! Had you been tested reactive for [[Hepatitis C]]?  Your question is vague to me because you didn’t state if you were tested with Hepatitis C.  It sounds that you are just thinking you have Hepatitis C based on what you have experienced.  Please note that fatigue can be caused by many factors.  If in that span of two years, you’ve been sleeping late most often then your body has its own way of telling you that it’s tired already or it’s that it’s being overworked.  Hmm, you would then ask me why but it’s my own experience. I have been staying up late most often for nearly 3 years now and I have slowly felt fatigue due to stress as I work most often in front of my computer.  So I figure out that I just lack enough sleep.  What I do since I cannot avoid staying up late, I look for a [[complete food supplements]] that can nourish the body, can heal and fight against deadly diseases.  I am not advertising here but since I have been taking my food supplement, I am now able to focus on what I have to do.  My concentration and memory has been enhanced and I really could feel that the supplement works for me effectively.  But of course, even though you are taking food supplements, you should have at least 7 hours of sleep.  We all need it.
images:
