Kids need sleep. I believe its normal for kids to sleep 12 hours during young childhood, it takes alot of energy to grow.
This isnt the prob. Its not ‘ingrained’.
Obviously Im here bc Im struggling with similiar issues as others on here. … But its kinda scary just how many kids are on this website. So many 13-17 year olds talkin about how they are always tired…. worriesome. Could it be something in the air?
People are less rebelious when they’re tired. I know flouride was put in the water to make people apathetic(look it up) and with all the ‘occupy’ marches lately, it wouldnt suprise me in the least to find out the formula of the chemtrails(look it up) or some other way, something has gotten an addition with the sole purpose for making people tired all the time. …..
If you think this is all paranoid delusion, well, your probably delusional…. and I have a bridge I’d like to sell you. lol. But seriously. Its potentially a bit off topic, but you need to google David Wilcock, and read about the trillion dollar lawsuit if you think all this idea is fantasy….  But anyway, I think stress and depression is prob. the cause of my tiredness, and even though I have no idea how to fix it, I hope everyone figures out their reasons for being constantly tired and is able to restore their energy.
Austin November 30, 2011 at 10:12 pm
I feel tired all the time I fall asleep every chance I get(at work,driving to work,sitting down to watch tv)and it’s such a big problem I don’t know where to start I have fallen asleep at someones house while visiting. My wife told me I snore and I stop breathing every couple minutes while I sleep and I am always getting up for something I have OCD so I will wake up to see If I locked the front door sorry to go on I just want advise what should I do first?????? Please help in any way u can thanks
Paige Lynn December 4, 2011 at 2:43 pm
I am only 13, I am one of the smartest students in my grade and I am in the 8th grade. I actually have the ability to go take college classes this summer. I am always tired and I am sore too. I play jr. high basketball and I try my hardest. My teachers and coach say I work my butt off. I always tell myself I could be doing better. I have been trying so hard in school and in basketball not wanting to fall behind like a lot of the other lazy girls. Any advice? I need it…….
Still Paige Lynn December 4, 2011 at 2:48 pm
I was tested for animia last summer for my basketball physical becuase I had been having breathing problems. You know when you get up from sitting down a long time and you get really dizzy? Well, I could sit down for five minutes and get up from the couch and barely hold myself up. I am really tired of this. I want to know what’s wrong with me. I also have these little bumps on my wrist and i’ve had them for a long time, back when I had strep for the second time. The ones on my right have moved down and the others on the left have moved up. I know something is wrong with me, please help me. Ask me anything………
amy December 5, 2011 at 8:10 pm
hey guys:), i’m a 14 year old girl and i don’t really eat that healthily, i don’t really excersize that much anymore either because i’m always too tired and simply cannot find the motivation to do anything other than sleep. I’m a healthy weighy and have healthy BMI levels. I wake up at 7 on school days having went to bed at about twelve. Thats 7 hours sleep which theoretically should be enough, so i dont think lack of sleep is the cause of my exhaustion. It’s unbeliavably hard for me to get out of bed in the morning, and by the time im at school i find myself struggling to stay awake in any lessons to the point where i can barely keep my eyes open. I then come home and sometimes i’ll have a nap and i’ll wake up feeling grotty and in some cases, more tired than before. I’ve lost the will to do anything, i feel like im being lazy but i can’t help it, i’m constantly exhausted and just feel drained. Anybody know why this might be in my specific case?
Just Tired December 7, 2011 at 9:45 pm
well heres what is up, ever since i was outta chemo treatments when i was 16 ive been dog tired all the time, now at 28 its time to change all that i have 3 kids that depend on me to work an provide for them, ive been to prison twice now and am sick of feeling tired, its like i get the wounderfull lil black cloud of my very own to keep as a pet, i dont want it. i avrage anywhere from 2 hours a night to 18 hours depending on what i have to do, its pure will power that keeps me going, not really a fun situation to be in as a recovering drug addict for sure, and worse part is no medical meens i just cope best i can.. laterz
ethan December 13, 2011 at 1:18 am
Hi I’m 15 and I’m pretty sure I have anxiety and depression but i usually when I wake up in the morning ill feel fine until about 6pm is when I start feeling tired and by 7:30 I’m literally exauhsted. I don’t really exercise at all and when I. Try to sleep it takes hours for me to fall asleep because I’m afraid something is really wrong with me. I usually fall asleep around 2am and wake up at about noon I don’t go to school because I do cyberschool but I just need some advice for what to do first to stop this exauhsted feeling.
Mattias December 13, 2011 at 12:18 pm
These last few weeks I have been having a rollercoaster sleep pattern. 4 hours of sleep one day, 16 hours another day. I have it in check now, but I often wake up in the middle of the night and have a hard time going to sleep again. I admit that I’m having a depression. No girlfriend, no friends, not much of a life. Lost my job in october for no apparent reason. It’s december now. I’m 34.
I feel like a walking dead person. My eyes start to sink into my skull about 1-2 hours after waking up, with dark rings under them. Then I get tired, and there’s like a lump or something in my stomach. I work out at the gym pretty often, but I can’t trust my sleeping patterns, and my irregular sleep interfers with my training.
Mattias again December 16, 2011 at 5:46 pm
Was just a phase, maybe. I have more energy after I’ve started lifting weights regularly, and walking/jogging. I think my body has adjusted to my new diet regimen that includes a whole lot of fruits and vegetables. What’s more, I throw out the cat before I go to bed. It has been waking me up at night. The trick is to have a solid night’s sleep without interruption, and work yourself sweaty.
heidi January 2, 2012 at 4:41 am
Hi, I’m 19 and going through a really hard time right now because of my constant tiredness. I have a 13 month old son & a husband, my husband works from 9-9 and I work from 4-9 so I’m with the baby all day and working all evening and it is a marathon in itself just packing his stuff to go to my moms house while I work, let alone playing, feeding him, getting him out of the house ect ect I feel tired to the point of tears all the time, I’ve become easily frazzled and i just don’t feel like myself anymore, my body feels weak and i am just all around exhausted and i don’t know what to do at this point…I’ve been taking adderol since I was around 11 years old, and i feel like adderol is the only thing that gets me by right now, I sometimes have to take a half pill more than my daily dose just to go to work so sometimes I’m short at the end of the month, and without adderol I literally cannot get out of bed(and i know, that’s terrible but I’ve been on it so long I probably do have a dependance) So, is there anything you guys suggest for me to do or take?
SAm January 12, 2012 at 5:48 am
heidi gurl dont feel bad. i take adderall and its the only thing that gets me by at work. sleep all morning and still tired. then i have to take an extra just like you. i cry at night bc im tired of being tired. dont know which way to go..
Megan January 10, 2012 at 3:18 pm
For probably the past 6 months maybe longer I havent been anything but tired. I am 19, have two jobs and in college but neither of my jobs stress me out i work three days a week and maybe one or two days on the weekend at my second job. I have to work to get myself out of bed in the morning and it takes forever for me to fall asleep at night because im wide awake but all day i struggle to keep my eyes open. Even on days of no work or school i sleep in and am still tired. I do have a bleeding disorder but it affects my platlets so i dont think thats it. I have also gained 15lbs or so and im just done with this sleepyness!!
SaraBeach January 11, 2012 at 5:28 am
I am a 27 yr old female. I was having all of thsee smptoms, then about 3 months ago, l was diagnosed with systemic lupus. It is an autoimmune disease that attacks your own body. Do yourself a favor and make an appointment with a rhemtologist and get tested!
Benjamin January 13, 2012 at 6:34 pm
Hey my names ben im 20 and iv been feeling like this for nearly a year now, it started when i was finishing college im not overly intelligent but i had a big interest in what i was studying which i lost when i started feeling tierd dizzy and ill and resulted in me not finishing college, it started making me depressed and i went through a really rough stage of not talking to many of my friends leading on to me not taking part in any many activities apart from going out and getting drunk because that would cure my depression for the night, it carried on throughout the year and slowly i started losing more things in my life i quit my job on an impulse of finding a better job my boyfriend was the one person who would be there for me but he split up with me 2 months ago because we would constantly argue, my friends now dont want to bother with me because i havent made the effort with them,
So iv tried different techniques to cure my tierdness/anxiety/depression/illness, iv tried eyedrops to wake me up drinking more water i gave up smoking joined the gym tried going out more but i just feel uncomfortable as nothing seems to interest me, me and my boyfriend are on talking terms again and hes helping me iv applied for jobs but have had no luck as its nearly impossible these days, i went to the doctors alot but i think i will have to go again, i even had laser eye surgury because i thought that because im lightheaded and dizzy 24/7 it might be because of my poor eyesight but i still have the same feeling.
I need some sort of help is councelling the way forward? does anyone recognise these symtoms?  i used to be so healthy happy and active now im the opposite :( I need help.
LoriB January 18, 2012 at 5:28 am
I have been gluten free for three years. I went off milk for a year now. I eat organics only, hormone/antibodic free meat, trying to cut sugar out of my diet. Haven’t cut caffeine out yet.  I lost 40lbs. My Blood pressure is normal now. My constipation, bloating, swelling, allergys, infections lungs, sinus and ears are better. My sleep is a problem. I work night shift and never have a consistant sleep cycle. I am tired all the time. My ears ring. When I am off I try to flip back to living days and sleeping nights but it makes me feel sick.  I take benadryl and melantonin for sleep but sometime still feel unrested after sleeping 7 hours? I need help. Guess I am venting. Maybe after 17yrs of night shift I need to change to days or do a different job!!
Nikita January 18, 2012 at 7:47 pm
Ok im 24 years old. Ive been feeling very sleepy since the first day back to work after crimbo 2011. I dont know what to think, i always feel tried, i have to get up at 6am for work but i struggle so much! I have to leave at 7am to get to work for 7:30am and i get upat 6:50 where i just wanna stay in bed and carry on sleeing!! I work 7:30am till 5pm in an office! And when i get my hours lunch i feel that i could so easly nod off!! I do have some nights sleep where i wake up at 3-4am needing the bathroom, but like it says on here try not drinking near sleep time, tried it dont work!! I get in from work and then nod off for awhile, not long say 30 – 45 mins. WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?
Natasha January 20, 2012 at 2:29 am
I am currently 19 years old, full time college student and part time worker at a Petsmart in the Pet Hotel. I have problems with always being tired as well, I will go to bed at around 9pm (when I am not working until 10-11pm at night) and will wake up constantly throughout the night for no reason I can think of. 9pm bed time, will wake up almost every hour on the hour, (i.e. 10, 11, 12:30, 1:30, 2, ect) all the way until I actually need to be up for classes at 7am. I have tried not drinking or eating anything anytime after 6-7pm for dinner but it still does not help. My boyfriend and I keep our room at a comfortable 70 degrees (we live in alaska so its a good temp for us) and have a fan blowing for white noise. Also we make sure that our door is closed and windows are shut to keep out any light/ sound that might pass through. I dont have a set exersize routine because I am constantly walking throughout the day around my campus and while I work, I am constantly chasing dogs around, playing tug of war with them, and while I am not busy with that I walk around the dog’s room and take them for walks through the hallways. I do have a slight problem with my breathing, when I do anything to strenuous I have trouble regaining my breath and my chest hurts. (So I cannot run, do to many steps, ect) when my heart-rate is at resting pace I take long slow deep breaths, 6 second enhales and 5 second exhales on average.
I eat fairly healthy, plenty of fruits and vegetables as well as eating more chicken compared to beef or other red fatty meats. I eat fish on occasion (especially salmon and halibut since its easy to fish for durring the right times) and my boyfriend and I only treat ourselves occassionally to fast foods such as taco bell or mcdonalds once or twice a month. I do drink alot of coffee which may be partially the reason why I get so thirsty but I do make sure that I refrain from drinking any after 3-4pm that way it shouldnt affect my sleeping schedual.
Also I dont have any depression issues,  I am happy a majority of the time and do enjoy playing video games and going out for walks. The only problem is that I feel to tired to do anything including just sitting on a couch to play video games most of the time. I also get headaches a lot of the time but dont know what they are caused by :(
If anyone would give me any advice on where I should begin looking at things to change, please let me know.
Shelton January 23, 2012 at 12:26 am
I would like to start off by saying, I do feel.exactly like most of you here.. But I do have a couple things happening with me that’s a little different.. 1st. I have ocd, and one if the things that plagues me during my sleeping time is my sheets.. I’ll explain, if they wrinkle up under my me and are not straight it causes me to have to get up and fix them, so they are right. Also, my covers have to be right on the top too. Both the blanket and sheet have to be flush with each other. If not of course I have to fix it..  I also have sleep apnea. I haven’t the money though to.get the test run. But I wake up every night, several times a night. With that startled, gasping for breath feeling.. It actually does scare me.. Cause sometimes while in asleep, I try and wake myself up, cause I know im not breathing.. And it takes sometime, at least it feels like it, for me to wake myself up.. Scary!!! I am a truck driver, and my life has completely went to crap.. And yes I do have lots lots of stresses .. I take effexor 200 mg, for depression. I take remeron 30.mg for depression. Also take lipitor for my cholesterol, not sure the name but I take a med for my high blood pressure.. I could write a novel on the stuff going on with me. But this isn’t how I use to be!! The last Two years or so has simply been overbearing.. I’ve contemplated suicide.. Been to hundreds of doctors. Nobody knows.. I even admired my self to a hospital. Was there a week, with no results or ideas:(
I also have anxiety, panic attacks.. Friend and family, tell.me I need to turn to God for help.. Trust me I have asked God to help me. I feel like im out of options.. I’m at a job I.hate… I’ve been driving a truck for 20 years, its all I’ve ever done.. I love seeing the country, by with my health and sleep issues I feel like im at my end here… If anyone would like to talk, I would love that.. You can find me on Facebook.. I actually have two accounts so when u enter my name It will show two of me.. But im using the one with a guy that has two sides to his face.. Its a prince.. So look me up at shelton Lambert, from Brookhaven, Mississippi.. Thanks
Shelton January 23, 2012 at 5:46 am
Wanted to add some more, to what I was saying.. I have always had issues sleeping.. When I was young, my mind would race out of control, the minute I would lay down, it still does to this day, sometimes!! Anyway, so I would lay there and toss and turn. Until I had a raging headache.. Then I would get nausea.. I did find a way that helped, and I know it’s gonna sound silly, but it absolutely did the trick. I would start singing my abc’s over and over, then I would count from 1 to 100 then 100 to 1.. Usually after that my mind was not racing as bad, and I would sleep. I also have really bad allergies. So when I would lay down my knows would stop up, all the time. So my parents would put Vicks vapor rub, in my nose, and on my chest. And also put a fan on me to keep air circulating.. On top of that I also slept with a humidifier.. Yep, !! We lived in a trailer so any noise, would wake me up. But after years and years of troubles sleeping, it just seems to get worse.. And I know my ocd plays a part in it, But I also know there’s alot more to it than that.. I am now laying in my bed writing this.. Not sure if anyone else has any of these issues or not.. Maybe I am alone! Thanks
Deandre January 25, 2012 at 7:31 pm
I’m 16 years old and every single day I feel so tired. It’s like a regular routine for me to be tired all the time. I need my energy because I play basketball and I have to get through the day. It sucks of the fact that I feel like I haven’t been asleep at all. On weekends, that’s no problem for me. But on weekdays, I look like the living dead, so to seek. I need a solution. I try to get the right amount of sleep. I just don’t feel like it. :(
Valerie January 27, 2012 at 11:48 pm
I just got up at around 1am after going to bed around 12pm. As you can kind of guess that is a bit TOO much of sleep. The issue is I wake up and im still tired, as of right now its almost 4pm and I feel like going back to bed. I unfortunately cant change my sleep scheduled atm since my college classes end at 10pm at night. I figure my issue for the most part is that I am iron deficient, I know this because of blood tests from previous illnesses. So my plan is to start taking iron pills and hope that helps. I thought id post this idea on here so that others might try iron pills, especially if you are a woman. They are sold almost at any grocery store or pharmacy in the U.S. and you do not need a doctors note to get bottle. Again this was suggested by my doctor, its not a self diagnoses.
Conor January 30, 2012 at 3:45 pm
My Names Conor..
I’m a good looking down to earth 31 year old and I’m still very young at heart.
I have had problems with sleep for many years… and still do.
With hindsight I realize that the problems I have regarding my sleeping really revolve around my lifestyle and not being able to cope with my past, up bringing etc etc let alone the now…
I got into drugs at a young age at a time where it was for fun and something I chose to do as an experience with my circle of friends at the time, but as time went on I used recreational drugs more and more…
With hindsight I realize it was my way of escaping reality and with time my mind and body recognized it as my form of coping with the pressures and or stress’s of life but eventually the effects of my drug taking/ habit got to a point where it started to ruin a lot of things regarding family, life choices, relationships and also heavily interfered with me being able to live life naturally and more importantly learn to grow as a person.
My sleeping patterns were always out of whack and have always been that way since I was about 21.
I gave up the drugs before I turned 29 and as a result the realities of life I had yet learnt to deal with with slowly surfaced to a point where I had my 1st anxiety attack some couple months later and at that time not understanding what was going on my anxiety got worse and worse to a point where I would suffer massive anxiety and panic attacks..
Some people would speculate and believe it had to do with the drugs which to a certain extent I would agree with but it really came down to self analyse on what is really going on in life.
For some people sleeping problems may purely just be a condition that is out of there control… But for others like me it is something we do have the ability to cure or change…
Its really just a matter of choice…
A Healthy Lifestyle…
