1
Turn off all the lights.
Turn off all the lights. This is one of the single most important things you can do to improve your sleep. Light not only inhibits the release of the sleep hormone melatonin, but also stimulates the hypothalamus to raise the body’s temperature and produce cortisol, both of which inform the body to be awake and alert. [1] Even when we do manage to fall asleep with the lights on, our sleep isn’t nearly as restful as it should be. If you live in the big city, share a room with a night-owl, or always have to leave a nightlight on, wear a sleep mask to give yourself a fighting chance.
2
Keep your TV and computer out of the bedroom.
Keep your TV and computer out of the bedroom. Not only do these things tempt and distract us, but they tell our brains to be ready for action. In fact, avoid even using them before bed, which can also reduce sleep quality. [2]
3
Put some quiet music on. It could be classical music, opera, or even whale songs provided that it’s at a low volume. You might also invest in a white noise generator, as they’ve been proven to help people fall asleep more quickly; moreover, the constant, low-level sound can also help mask more abrupt noises that may disturb you when you finally do fall asleep. [3]
4
Clear your mind and let your thoughts wander aimlessly. Try to think in mental pictures instead of words. Do not reenact problems or arguments from the day in your head.
5
Read a (boring) textbook or novel.
Read a (boring) textbook or novel. [4] If it makes you fall asleep that easily in class, then it should do the same at home.
Relax Your Body
1
Exercise.
Exercise. Working out during the day is an incredibly effective way to rest better at night. In fact, it seems to correspond so directly with sleep quality that many of our hypotheses about the purpose of sleep stem from our observations of how exercising depletes our energy reserves. [5] Just be sure not to exercise less than 3 hours before bedtime, as it has a temporarily stimulating effect. [6]
2
Go to the bathroom before going to bed. This will help you clear up your digestive system so that you fall asleep more easily.
3
Remove anything uncomfortable. If some of your clothing feels tight or uncomfortable, don't hesitate to loosen or remove it. This includes hair bands, socks, bra, and anything else that might feel like it's not letting your blood circulate freely.
4
Fix your sleeping position. If you pay attention to how you sleep, you might notice yourself doing something that isn't good for your posture. Keep your back straight and make sure that your neck isn't resting too high or too low. If your bed is too firm or too soft, consider replacing it, covering it with a foam pad, or even sleeping with a body pillow to make yourself more comfortable.
Eat and Drink Your Way to Better Sleep
1
Eat foods that are high in the sleep-inducing amino acid tryptophan.
Eat foods that are high in the sleep-inducing amino acid tryptophan. Examples include cheese, chicken, soy products, eggs, tofu, fish, milk, turkey, nuts, peanuts and peanut butter, pumpkin seeds, and sesame seeds. [7]
2
Eat foods that are high in complex carbohydrates but medium to low in protein. Carbs make tryptophan more available in the brain, [8] whereas protein has the opposite effect [9] . To relax in the evening and set yourself up for a good night's sleep, try the following "meals for sleep":
Pasta with parmesan cheese
Hummus with whole wheat pita bread
Peanut butter on toast
Sesame seeds sprinkled on salad with tuna chunks, plus whole wheat crackers on the side
A baked potato with cottage cheese
3
Keep your meals light. Lighter meals are more likely to give you a restful night's sleep.
High-fat meals and large servings prolong the work your digestive system needs to do, and all the gas production and rumblings may keep you awake.
Some people find that highly-seasoned foods (e.g., hot peppers and garlic) interfere with sleep, especially for heartburn-sufferers. [10]
Going to bed with a full stomach does not, for most people, promote a restful night's sleep. While you may fall asleep faster, all the intestinal work required to digest a big meal is likely to cause frequent waking and a poorer quality of sleep. [11]
4
Drink a warm, relaxing beverage.
Drink a warm, relaxing beverage. Many people swear by drinking a glass of warm milk before bed, but herbal tea would be a good alternative. Chamomile tea, for example, has long been touted as an insomnia buster. In fact, recent studies have demonstrated that chamomile can reduce symptoms of anxiety. [12] Avoid caffeine, however, as it can take up to eight hours for the stimulating effects to wear off. [13]
5
Consult with your doctor about sleeping pills. Save this as a last resort; if you become dependent, sleeping will become even more difficult than it was before.
Edit Tips
If you can’t fall asleep within 20 minutes or so after getting into bed, get up and do something else for a while; if the brain comes to associate the bed with anything else other than sleeping, it will make it even harder for you to fall asleep in it.
Edit Warnings
If you have been struggling with extremely irregular sleeping cycles for a while, contact a doctor as soon as possible. It could be a sign of a serious illness that needs to be taken care of immediately.
Don't take sleeping pills if there’s a chance you’ll need to operate any heavy machinery.
