Americans are sick and tired of being sick and tired. ... major reasons why YOU may be tired. Remember, before you make any changes to your diet, consult with your primary care physician. ... Highly processed foods (pastas, breads, crackers, cereal ...
Patch.com
"It makes sense that when you are fatigued, your body would want calorie-dense foods that give you quick energy," said Heller, clinical nutrition coordinator at the Center for Cancer Care at Griffin Hospital in Derby, Conn. "In an evolutionary sense ...
U.S. News & World Report
Tired? Watch What You Eat
She likens the superresponsive sleep-poor brain to that of someone who has lost weight on a drastic diet—devouring the first snack you can get your hands on is a “no-brainer.” Scientists do not fully understand how sleep loss affects the machinery of ...
Scientific American
Tired Hands brew-cafe opens in Ardmore
How do you take someone seriously who does not look old enough to enter a bar without being carded to convince you he can brew a real-deal pale ale and then open a brew pub to serve it to the thirsty masses? Just take a sip of his .... For the young ...
Main Line
Tired Of Being Hot?
Whether you are at the beach, in your backyard, working out, playing or watching football, soccer, or baseball, hiking, living through the side effects of menopause (hot flashes), the immediate WOW cooling effect of COOL OFF® will help you. These icy ...
Sacramento Bee
"What do you say to something like that?" Soderbergh said, pointing out that not even the combined star power of Michael Douglas, Matt Damon, producer Jerry Weintraub and Oscar-nominated screenwriter Richard LaGravenese could get movie studios ...
Chicago Tribune
Noodling about comfort food
ANOTHER DAY IN THE COUNTRY: Noodling about comfort food, from Marion County Record for June 28, 2012. ... When I'm tired, really hungry, lonesome, or not feeling good, I need comfort food. And to each ... Chicken noodle soup has always been an “if you ...
Marion County Record
Junk Food After Dark: Why It's so Hard to Resist
It teaches us something fundamental about the way people make decisions about food—and decisions in general." We've all been there: ... When you finally stumble into bed too late and too tired, you feel awful and resolve to do better tomorrow. Lather ...
Shape Magazine
