Whisk and drizzle over asparagus heads. Happy eating!
Related Topics
anon135685
Post 213
it's all very interesting. Yes, certainly the science of it all, but to read about what's on people's minds and to know that others have these familiar curiosities as well.
Sso I definitely qualify for the "asparapee", or "puff pee" as someone so affectionately referred to it, and definitely coffee or Earl Gray tea (it's the only one I'll drink besides green or herbal).
Let me also add a couple more to this strange list of pee smells: tuna and Pepsi.
anon135655
Post 212
I seriously thought I had a bladder infection or worse cancer and I also thought I might be dehydrated. When I urinated it stunk so bad! Then I recalled what I had for supper and realized after reading this article that its perfectly healthy and totally normal! Yes I have healthy kidneys!
anon131818
Post 211
Everyone makes smelly urine from asparagus but only 22 percent of the population can smell it. Those who can will smell it in everyone else's. It only takes half a spear for my to smell. It's not unpleasant, just 'asparagus wee'.
Related Topics
anon130163
Post 208
Wow!  I tried a new recipe this year for Thanksgiving. Shrimp and Stuffing Casserole with Asparagus (lots of it).  Everyone has been talking about the smell and I thought to do the research. We're safe.
anon129957
Post 207
I'll be hitting the "BIG 50" next March, and I have always noticed the smelly urine after eating asparagus. I have also noticed it after my mother and/or my son have used the bathroom just before I have used it.
I'm not looking for it, it just happens that way. I know that they are both able to smell it too. I have also noticed that even the smallest amount causes the smell.
I have noticed my urine smelling after other foods and beverages, but not as strongly as with asparagus.
I don't drink beer, as I can't stand the taste of it, but I do smell it after others have used the bathroom just before I have.
anon129275
Post 206
I am laughing so hard! Thanks for putting my mind at ease. I noticed our toddler's pee smelled like antibiotic pee when he's on amoxicillin. I then noticed my pee smelled the same. I started worrying so naturally looked it up. Yes, we did have asparagus for dinner and he ate more than anyone. No wonder he smells so bad.
I kept asking him if he spunked in his pants and he kept denying it. The kid wasn't lying. It's just that horrible urine smell. Who would have thought? And it happens because you are healthy?
Related Topics
anon124558
Post 205
I had a great time reading these posts; this was informative and fun. I have heard of the Sugar Smack thing too. I get a distinctive smell, not bad, within an hour of eating asparagus, but it goes away within a couple of hours.  At least it's not abnormal! Thanks! I am going to have to do some tests based on some comments about coffee. That may be the answer to some of my unexplained odor problems that I know don't come from uncleanliness or disease. Thanks again.
anon122252
Post 204
This has happened to me every time I have eaten asparagus. I was looking up why and this page came up. Well, it's neat how perfect God made the body to work and fight the bad stuff if we do what we are supposed to do, (I don't always) but each day is a gift from God. --Indiana Girl
anon120744
Post 203
Agree with 199-also has gotten more noticeable with age. nevertheless veggies are good and good for you. Also agree with 1and2!
Related Topics
anon114704
Post 201
I swear when I eat asparagus my pee smells like the inside of a grunion's rubber boot with the same stinking socks that he's been wearing for half a generation!
anon111279
Post 200
I ate asparagus one night and went to the bathroom and though there was sewer gas coming back up through my commode. Went again later and smelled commode first and then urinated, the smell appeared once again. Ate asparagus again tonight, same results within one hour of consumption.
anon111201
Post 199
I love asparagus and have always noticed a distinctive smell when having a pee, but I wouldn't class it as unpleasant -- more like asparagus in garlic sauce smell. sugar puff pee also smells like sugar puffs. Great to know there are others out there -- not that it really concerned me.
Related Topics
anon110813
Post 197
I both create asparagus-smell urine and can smell it. I don't care, this is the Cadillac of vegetables. Nothing better with a steak.
anon109983
Post 196
Comment: My favorite post was #40. (Throwing off the dogs); My French Bulldog chases me into the bathroom to hang out 'only' while I tinkle after asparagus (lol).
Q: What are the specific two gene names that cause one to a) smell the asparagus pee; and b) produce the asparagus pee? (Assuming there are two distinct genes, got a little unsure after a couple of posts).
There are regional comparisons of genetic lines to those predisposed with these genes per some articles read online.
anon109845
Post 195
This is a relief to know that I am not the only one with urine that has a strong odor after eating asparagus. I love asparagus and can put up with the odor since I have one of those marvelous toilet seats (Toto washlet) that cleanses you and takes odors away while sitting on it.
Related Topics
anon106971
Post 193
Count me in the group who believes their urine after eating asparagus, smells exactly like cooking/cooked asparagus. Not foul, rotten, sulphur, or anything else. Just asparagus, and not overpowering, yet easily detected without any need to stick your nose near it, just as you don't have to stick your nose in the pan to smell it when cooking it.
I wonder if I have the gene which creates a nasty-asparagus-pee smell, but not the usual gene to smell it, but perhaps another one which lets me smell whatever the characteristic "cooking asparagus" smell comes from.  I don't think so, as I've never had the "guy at the next urinal runs away in horror" experience. So I think I produce pee which smells like asparagus, and then can smell it without needing any special gene.
Canned tuna also makes my pee smell like canned tuna. Not nasty, just like having an open can of tuna there. More so with chunk light than solid white, and more so packed in oil than in water.
anon106043
It will also make your poop black!
anon103591
Post 191
Wow!!I ate asparagus for dinner tonight and last night.  I thought something was wrong because my urine smelled like sulphur. So before I panicked and made a doctor's appointment, I turned to Dr. Internet and I'm so glad to learn that my kidneys are functioning well as the article states. Cheers to the saying, "You learn something new every day!"
Related Topics
anon102251
Post 190
It's the truth. I am not person who blogs for any reason. However, I had to comment because after eating the asparagus, the smell of my urine was horrible. I would have never thought it. I started to worry, until I came online and realized it's natural. It's horrible. To clear the record, it had nothing to do with anything else but the consumption of the asparagus. It has taken two days to clear up! Ugh!
anon101431
Post 189
Asparagus and sugar smacks get me, too. But asparagus also makes my back hurt when I eat it. I gave up Sugar Smacks years ago and don't remember them making my back hurt. I hadn't had any asparagus for a few months and last night had some, then really paid the price with the back pain and asparagus pee. Anyone else have have experience?
anon99743
Post 188
my urine smells after I eat shiitake mushrooms (smells like the mushroom) and also coffee (smells like cat urine). I drink close to 3/4 of a gallon of water a day and with shiitakem it takes me about 24 hours to get the smell out of my system. With coffee it takes about 4-5 hours.
Related Topics
anon93452
Post 185
Commenter 158 - good lord. You're not a doctor. You don't know half of what you're talking about. Stop scaring people with your misinformation. Urine has many reasons why it might smell "odd". If you have a question about your urine scent, call your doctor. That simple.
anon92548
Post 183
I just read through some of these posts, and I have to say thank you for making me laugh so hard - I think I peed my pants.  Oh man, and I had asparagus tonight!  Rats!
anon91725
Mine smells like rubber after eating asparagus.
Related Topics
anon91197
Post 181
I am relieved. I thought I had an infection. Had asparagus, broccoli and carrots stir-fried with garlic last night for dinner. The smell this morning was frightening.
anon91011
Post 180
I didn't have the smell before I donated a kidney however now that I have one I noticed the other day I did. I was really concerned but after I found this link I feel much better! LOL
anon90941
i ate asparagus and now my pee smell like mangoes.
i kept smelling it when i peed, so i looked it up.
didn't know asparagus had that effect. it's very sweet smelling -- just like a fresh mango.
how bizarre.
anon90744
Post 178
well i just ate some tantalizing grilled asparagus. as soon as i pee i'm going to swoop down over the bowl for a really good whiff of that distinct odor.
anon89760
Post 177
Cool. I usually make asparagus soup with shiitake mushrooms. Double-fun for me, then. I too, have the smell, and so does my father, but my mother doesn't.
anon89611
Post 176
what I'm trying to say is that Shiitake mushrooms would produce a pungent smell as well as asparagus, however it may not have an identical smell. For others who have not tried them, try them and post your results as I am curious.
Related Topics
anon89559
Post 175
Someone commented that shiitake mushrooms made their urine smell the same as asparagus does. This is not the case with me. I've eaten shiitakes many times and have never noticed that. In face I raised them for a while.
anon89289
Post 174
My wife takes a whole lot of medications, so I honestly thought that she puts some of her tablets in the food that she cooks to avoid swallowing the tablets. we eat asparagus almost daily. I was really worried. That is one hell of a horrible smell. Yes urine smells but asparagus urine is the worst kind of smell.
anon88565
Post 173
I too have always experienced this immediately after eating asparagus. I also remember when I was a child and after eating Sugar Smacks could smell the sugar smacks in my urine. I quit eating Sugar Smacks because I thought it wasn't good for me.
I also get the same experience after drinking coffee and also has anyone ever tried eating Shiitake mushrooms? The Shiitake mushrooms would produce the same smell as the asparagus would.  If you guys have never tried Shiitake mushrooms, try it and post it if you have the same results.
After eating these kinds of foods and producing the pungent smell in the urine, I would always laugh about it. I knew it was connected to those two things I ate.
After reading these posts, I also had a good laugh. Good to know I'm not alone.
Related Topics
anon85791
Post 172
Heh, heh, that's a lot of funny stuff. I ate asparagus last night and my pee stunk all day today. Yes, I've noticed the odor I get after eating Golden Crisp/Honey Smacks cereal, and coffee has a similar effect. B-vitamins seem to have an effect as well, and I sweat garlic when I've had too much.
When I eat a lot of chicken, my natural facial oils take on a certain chicken-broth odor. It seems you truly are what you eat.
anon85417
Post 171
I take MAX - a Glutathione (antioxidant) supplement - and my pee smells exactly like when I eat Asparagus (Asparagus has a high percentage of Glutathione).
anon84867
Post 170
So that's why my whizz has been stinking!
I find a lot of comfort in the fact that it shows my kidneys are pumping away properly.
Related Topics
anon84347
Post 169
I have both genes and I'm glad of it. Funny how nature found a way to test if our kidneys are functioning correctly. A few beers after your kidney test will flush the system back to odour free. love that sparrow grass!
anon84336
Post 168
I love asparagus and have both the genes. It's really not that bad, except I live in a city with a large homeless population, hence a lot of public urination and when I walk to work in the morning, I can tell when the homeless shelters have served asparagus the night before. Eww.
anon83768
Post 167
Brilliant. Trust Google to help me with my asparapee. I also have sugar Smacks pee syndrome. To think I import them into Canada since they're usually unavailable here. Since we're talking odiferous excretia, anyone know why tomato meat sauce causes such sulphur laden smelling gas? Even I am taken aback by the foul odor that I dispense.
Related Topics
anon83727
Post 166
Thank you everyone. I haven't laughed so much in years. I can't even see what I'm typing as I have tears in my eyes! Those pesky green devils!
P.S. I have both genes - bittersweet indeed!
anon83530
Post 165
Yes, I certainly get that smell. I'm glad I decided to look this topic up, because it started to concern me at one time. Now I know I have nothing to be concerned about. Thanks
anon82831
I think it's kind of gross to talk about pee.
I have both genes.
anon82771
Post 162
Sounds like someone is over-educated in this group of voices. Yes, asparagus can cause a foul odor in urine, just not with everyone. Mine is extremely foul, as if crossed between burnt tires and rot. I know this sounds disgusting, but is definitely true. Not everyone gets this same effect.
Just thought I would speak up. I deal with folks every day who have slipped between the cracks of the 'too-smart-for-their-own-good' kind.
anon81823
Post 161
You know what everybody? It is urine, and since when is urine supposed to smell good anyway? Isn't that why we flush it?
My wife of thirty years for the first time mentioned after urinating, "Do you ever have really smelly pee after eating asparagus?" We had just had a bunch of steamed asparagus with dinner.
So I urinated and didn't really smell anything, until I bent down and put my head in the toilet bowl and took a big whiff. Sure it stunk. It's urine!
You are what you eat -- or drink. Do you ever notice after drinking a lot of beer that when urinating into the toilet the water foams up like beer? I bet it smells like beer if you put your face in the toilet too. Same for coffee. Smells the same going in as coming out for me.
Drink lots of water, everybody. Hydration is important and may reduce the smell.
My asparagus pee smells like white plastic PVC tubing cut with a hacksaw or bandsaw too. --Comment 44
anon81463
one bite is all it takes for the magical smell to occur.
Related Topics
anon81320
Post 158
To many who read more than just the top couple posts, much of the posts here are obviously confused, dehydrated people with or without kidney problems. Let's clear a few things up:
I eat wild asparagus (grown on our land) and the smells that are produced after, can last for several hours, depending on when you last urinated, and how much are drinking. The average population drinks far less than they should.
As already mentioned here, urine should be border-line clear. Too clear and it can actually cause damage to your kidneys as you are drinking much too much. More than a pale yellow, and your body is slightly dehydrated, and even if you do not feel the effects, your kidneys do.
One commenter here noticed that, after reducing soda drinks to water and tea (decaf or caff?) that the strong odor disappeared nearly completely. That's because soda is diuretic, meaning it causes your body to try to get rid of water. This is why after drinking coffee frequently, you'll  notice you're making alot more trips to the bathroom.
Unfortunately, while drinking diuretics and your urine appears more clear than before, this is not a good sign. It means your body is getting rid of water as fast as it's coming in, and your actually causing yourself to become dehydrated. This is why removing caffeine from your beverages is highly suggested.
Some here have said their urine odor after eating asparagus is nutty, or pungent, or musty, or strong, or ammonia smelling, or smells like asparagus (cooking I'm assuming).
If your urine smells nutty, it's not because of asparagus. Something else in your diet or kidneys is causing the smell. Ask a doctor. If it smells fishy, and looks cloudy, you probably have prostate trouble as semen from ejaculating is forced into your bladder instead of out of the penis.
If it smells musty, this may be a sign of UTI (Urinary Tract Infection). If you are a woman it is especially important that you see a doctor as this could cause sterility if it worsen and is untreated. Musty smell, only noticed on days you eat asparagus, is normal, and you will find that when you are properly hydrated, and have the extra genes this is the normal smell.
Even though it's published here that its smell is sulfurous, or "rotten egg" smelling, this is also due to the fact you are partially dehydrated, and in correlation to the amount of asparagus eaten.
To Poster #150: the reason your daughters cannot smell asparagus on your urine, but on their own, is most likely that you have either, #1 urinated  too close to eating and the chemicals have not sufficiently built up in the urine stored in the bladder to be detectable, or #2, your body does not contain the gene to break down the asparagus into the odorous chemicals.
If you cannot smell it on their urine, you do not have the gene to smell it.
Please people, understand: it takes two difference genes to smell and produce. Obviously if you smell it on your own urine, you have both genes. If you do not smell it on your own urine, you may have only one gene, or neither. Poster #150, please also note that drinking too much v-8 can actually poison you from exceedingly high doses of vitamins.
Some v-8 (available in my area) contains either 100 percent or nearly 100 percent of the DV (daily value) in one 8 oz cup. If you enjoy one with every meal and when you get thirsty, you could easily top 500 percent of your DV in one day. This is detrimental to your system. For the sake of your kidneys, do not do it.
There is a reason the saying "everything in moderation" is known by all. It's because too little or to much can harm you. some vitamins can actually be fatal if ingested too much!
For everyone else, please see your family doctor, or contact your local hospital and ask to speak to a nurse about symptoms. It's free and can be confidential!
anon81219
Post 157
I have the asparagus pee stench also and noticed that the stench is stronger when I eat fresh asparagus verses the canned version. It is also getting stronger as I'm getting older!
anon78478
Post 154
The comments on here have me in tears from laughing! Thanks to you all for sharing your asparagus pee experiences and humor.
Related Topics
Post 153
What about onions?  While I get the "asparagus pee", I've been noticing "onion smelling sweat".
I swear my armpits smell like a double burger with onions. Could this be caused by the asparagus? I haven't eaten too many garlic / onion things lately and I drink a ton of water every day. Thanks.
anon76726
Post 152
I can't believe that until age 60 I had no idea about asparagus pee! It is really strong once you start looking (smelling) for it! I can also smell the odor from my husband's pee as well (I know, TMI), but apparently he can't. That seems so strange, as he has a much better sniffer than I do!
anon76556
Post 151
both my wife and I get the smelly urine. It actually smells like asparagus when it comes out. Kind of funny.
Related Topics
anon76060
Post 150
I love asparagus. Never noticed an odor after eating it though. However, both my daughters complain that they have the odor each and every time.
I only drink water and V8, no other drinks -- well maybe the occasional green tea in the morning -- and have even asked my daughters if they could detect the odor in my urine. They cannot so i continue to eat it.
I always wondered why, though. So many different answers, I guess I still really don't know.
anon75546
Post 149
I love that everyone gets their spouse, children and neighbours to smell their urine after consuming those devilish greens! Sharing is caring, after all.
anon75254
Post 148
Wow. Knowing that my urine can smell really, really bad after eating asparagus is fantastic news!
It will come in great next time I want to really "Piss someone off."
Related Topics
anon74906
Post 147
I can appreciate the entire pros and cons for eating asparagus but it is my opinion that if you have a sensitivity to the enzymes in or created by digestion of asparagus then you might in fact have an issue.
For me, the only thing of a negative nature about asparagus is the urine smell.  Otherwise it reminds me of grams house and I love it.
anon74896
Post 146
I thought this was something that everyone experiences until I asked my brunch hosts this afternoon how quickly it happens to them after eating asparagus. They had never heard of this, so I decided I needed to explore the topic! Thank you for the information!
anon74507
Re #137: I totally agree with you. Along with most of the others.
Related Topics
anon74398
Post 144
Has anyone considered if there is a correlation between the ability to smell asparagus urine and the skin disorder Tinea (sp?) I was told that tinea is also caused from certain enzymes in the body. I can smell asp. urine and also have tinea.
anon73562
Post 141
I have smelled my skunk pee after asparagus.  Nothing unusual there, but ever since I had a terrible bout with kidney stones about 10 years ago, I cannot eat asparagus because it makes my kidneys bad and bleed. Makes me think that whatever is in asparagus is not so good for you.
anon73540
Post 140
I have noticed that since I have been eating asparagus and have experienced the strong urine smell afterwards that the earth's temperatures have been rising!
We need to fund another study that posts a freshman in the restroom with a thermostat as a neutral observer.
Related Topics
anon73433
Post 139
I came to the internet because of a "nutty" smell to my urine last night (as another commenter called it). Being a nurse it immediately smelled like diabetic urine to me.
I could only think that the only thing I had eaten that day, that was different, was the asparagus. I'm glad to find out that asparagus is the cause of the funky urine smell.
anon70501
Post 138
I have a highly developed sense of smell- which can be pretty annoying! Have aspara-wee and get fish wee too which is really off-putting. I had one tiny mouthful of my husband's cod at lunchtime yesterday (which I love) but now wish I hadn't!
Adore asparagus- and thought I was weird til I spotted the relation. Also rather worrying is eating beetroot and passing red coloured wee or poohs! Ohhh!
anon69930
Post 137
Am I the only one who thinks that the strong odor actually smells like asparagus? I never questioned where the smell was coming from because I immediately recognized the asparagus relationship.
Related Topics
anon68713
Post 136
I have known for years I was different as no one else talked about their smelly urine. Most of my family do not have the genes but I thought the smell was not that bad.I wonder if it helps your body rid itself of bad stuff.
anon68344
Post 135
Very interesting. I am a 67 year old male and I have always had a strong urine odor for awhile after eating asparagus.
However, three weeks ago I stopped drinking pop and started drinking carbonated ice tea or water. Since then, (on three separate days) I have had three large portions (1/2 pound plus each) of asparagus and have experienced no urine odor whatsoever. I assume that it is the water?  Thanks for listening.  HBT
anon68300
Looks like it's a normal thing. I thought I was getting ill.
Related Topics
anon67381
Post 133
I am 77 and have noticed the asparagus urine smell since I was a teen, but thought everyone experienced it. Mine has not been unpleasant, just pungent and distinctive.
Recently, though, my urine began have a very similar smell daily even though I didn't eat asparagus daily. I was happy to see the reference to alpha-lipoic acid, since that is a supplement I have been taking. I think I'll lay off it awhile and see if I notice a cessation.
anon67295
Post 132
One reason why you have a strong odor is because you are not hydrated and you are urinating a highly concentrated dose of 'asparagus urine'.
If you urine is the color of the Cheerios bee or Post-It note and not boardline clear, drink more water each day; especially if you're eating asparagus and you won't have such a strong pungent odor.
anon67252
Post 131
I disagree with those saying all people create the odor, but some people cannot smell it. I have always created a strange urine scent after eating asparagus and I can clearly detect it.
However, having shared the urinal trough with others that have eaten it and not being able to detect it their bodies must have processed it differently.
Related Topics
anon66825
Post 130
I went to the web to find out why my urine smelled like ripping paper tape. I'm ok now. thanks so much. no more asparagus.
anon66733
Post 129
I not only get the asparagus after urine, but also after eating fish. I know it is not uncleanliness.
I was glad to see no 94 addressed this issue.
anon66208
Post 128
I have noticed this every time I eat this vegetable. I thought is was normal until I realized that not all of my family had the same outcome.  After having asparagus for dinner last evening are being reminded a couple of hours later, sniff, sniff, I decided to look it up here. Great to know that I am not alone and not ill. Also good to know my kidneys work well.
Related Topics
anon66151
Post 127
To the person that mentioned Sugar Smacks. Yes whenever I eat Honey Smacks or any brand of puffed wheat cereal my urine smells like puffed wheat cereal.
I also produce a strong asparagus urine. I think the puffed wheat urine is worse, just because it smells like I peed pure puffed wheat.
anon66125
Post 126
Post 114: you are not alone on the sugar smack pee. My sister and I have joked about it for years. We've always wondered if others in the bathroom could tell we had eaten Sugar Smacks for breakfast.
anon65990
Post 125
Thanks God there's nothing wrong with me. Five hours ago I ate asparagus for dinner. I just peed 15 minutes ago and my pee had a very strong smell. I was a bit worried.
Related Topics
anon65529
Post 124
Our son also has the gene like me. Glad to know what and how asparagus affects some people. Very interesting comments.
anon64893
Post 123
Thanks for posting all these comments. I had asparagus last night for dinner and wow! Went to the restroom a few minutes ago, 2 a.m. here, and got so worried about the odor that I ran in here to the computer to look up what caused it. Now I know and I'm going back to sleep, no longer worried that I have some awful disease.
anon62878
Post 122
Hm. Well, I've noticed the skunk pee every time I've eaten asparagus. Since my first time to even try asparagus was a year ago (I'm 29), I figured right away that it had the reason for the skunk pee, because I have been eating everything else served up all my life, and none of them had caused it.
And interesting that everyone describes a different smell: I've read "wine", "grape juice", "burning rubber", "primeval swamp." Mine smells straight up like roadkill skunk that's been sitting out for a few hours on a miserably hot July afternoon.
I've noticed this with many sulphurous foods. Avoid me like the plague if I've eaten broccoli, cabbage, or cauliflower, because not only do I have skunk pee, but they all give me the raunchiest farts known to man!
Related Topics
