Does Your Job Make You Tired
Does Your Job Make You Tired
I started a new earning endeavor today. I was really excited, as it's basically an unlimited earning potential, and I wanted to see how much I could make. I began at around 7:30 am, and although I took a few breaks to do my chores and such... I'm just wiped. It's exhausting to sit at the computer for hours on end. Granted the work is stimulating for the mind, not exactly challenging, but your always learning something interesting. But here it is 4pm and I feel like I could go to bed for the night already.  Does your job make you tired? Is it because it is physically demanding, or because it's boring?
[question posted by katsmeow1213]
responses and comments:
My current job is enjoyable but it's also tiring at the end of the day. I think that any job for that matter can be tiring though it may seem easy just like you said, sitting in front of the computer for hours. After my work, there are times when I just lay myself down on the bed for sometime to rest my weary mind and body. But I am thankful to God that I can still bear them.lol  [learn2earn]
yeah i definitely agree with you that it is really hard to work in front of the comptuer. seems the easiest job but it is not. my eyes suffer a lot in my vision. i am trying to stop using computer lately so that i will be able to rest my eyes.  [hotsummer]
Being idle for long periods of time as well as being bored can make you feel worn out, yes. That's why I try to find other things to do at work...mylot...take a smoke break...file something. When I go outside to take a smoke break I walk around instead of just standing or sitting because I figure that'll get my blood flowing again. Congrats on the new endeavor!   [spalladino]
I would have to say both. I am a stay at home mom of 2 which is at times physically demanding and it's definately emotionally demanding. I also do online work so that's boring, which drains me. I'm exhausted all day everyday. Good luck with the new site, I think you'll like it once you get used to it.  [camomom]
when i was working before yes there are times i get tired from it since what i am doing there for everyday are the same but when you have somebody expects you provide the basic neccessities you will working hard for you to ay your monthly bills, foods and etc that the family are needed for.  so when i came home and so tired my family never disturbed me when i am sleeping though i didnt eat my dinner because they know i am so tired from my work.    [skywolfcel]
first of all congratulations for your new job. yeah workin' for hours before computer is quite exhaustin'. i myself feel fatigue after few hours but i usually do data entries from my home only so i can easily take a half an hour nap in between. Physical pressure is solely responsible for the energy loss as our spinal cord(i.e. our central nervous sytem) is unable to bear the weight of our body that indirectly affects the brain as well. Do wash your face in between .While sittin' do little bending and neck rotatin' excersices .  [bigott]
It´s a scame of me to say it,but my work makes me tired. Not beacuse I have to work very hard. Just beacuse that most of the days I have quite boring. It´s awful to say it,when I got the job 4 months ago,after being without a work for nearly a year. But i wwant to have a work that gives me some meaning in my life.  [ennasus59]
Hi there. Yes, I usually find myself exhausted at the end of a workday, though whether it's because of my work or the distance I have to cover from our house to the office and vice versa is something I haven't really figured out yet. lol Though, by its nature, my work could really be stressful, especially when we're nearing deadlines. Also, though not physically demanding, it is quite a pain to sit in front of your laptop for a major part of the day. The remaining time I spend in meeting, also sitting and I think it isn't really that healthy to be sitting around as much as I do. lol There are boring times though and, since our I.T. department has blocked almost all non-work-related sites, I usually resort to chatting on our intra-office IM and playing casual games which I don't find tiring at all. lol  [nekonyanta]
Well I work retail because I could never sit all day for one I would get fat and I have to stay busy some women can set at that desk all day but not me. That is why I am not on here much because I can not sit here for very long. I had a really great paying office job kept it for 2 months and thought I would lose my mind.I came home form work and I was crabby hated it.  But I want to wish u good luck on your new job and I bet u will have great success at it.  [debby28]
I'm not working nut I'm studying , you can say it is a work , I get tired from it , I wake up each morning at 6.30 a.m , and I go to school at 7.30 , and I get back to home two times , one at 12.00 p.m and I do come back to school at 2.00 p.m and I stay there intel 6.00 p.m, .. it is so thought to do this each day , I get tired all the week , all months , ..  [cossacks10]
What is it that you're doing now? Yes, I'm nosy, lol. Right now I don't work, but I do try to earn money from doing things online. I do find that it makes me a bit tired when I'm working as hard as I can to get points or cents.  [hermitcrabheaven]
It's called ChaCha. If you're in the US you can be a member. You answer questions that people call or text in and can earn up to 20 cents per question. If you want more info you can PM me.  [katsmeow1213]
The last job I did was to oversee student nurses during their duty in the hospital. I would say that it is tiring because I have to handle all 12 of them and make sure they won't make mistakes. It is scary sometimes to think that a student's mistake can cost me my license. Anyway, I assign them to one patient each, so that they may experience direct patient care. The thing about this is, I have to check both the student and the patient to make sure everything is going well.  Our duty lasts for 8 hours and most of the time, I don't get the chance to sit and rest because of so many things to do. I get exhausted after the duty but all is worth it as long as the students have learned something new. :)  [JAREDSQUALL]
The last job I held tires me to no end. It is not because it is physically demanding, it just doesn't stimulate the mind. I find that sitting in front of the computer doing the same thing is very mind numbing. I'm not really doing anything the whole 9-5, yet I feel tired when I get home. I'm thinking of ways to work at home now. I'm not made to do office work.  [idazarinawaty]
yeah ,the job is make me tired ,and boring.these day ,when i in the office ,i always want sleep.i thimk maybe i do not like this job.  [smkathy]
yes, and i need money, so i have to work  [TerryYuan]
Right now, my primary job is as a mom plus I do affiliate marketing online. It pays good, when I make sales.  Like any sales job, what I earn is dependent on  how much time daily I up into it.  Some days are tiring.  Others are not.   [beautyqueen26]
I can't do affiliate marketing, it just didn't work out for me. I never found an online endeavor that actually paid off until this one. I just started yesterday basically and am up to $20, and that was in just a few hours. Some people claim to earn $500 a week, and it's guaranteed when you invest time... it's not a wait and see if you sell type of game.  [katsmeow1213]
In fact, if the work that you are engaged in is entertaining you and benefical to improve your personal working experence, it will be worth what you devoted yourself to. With respect to myself, I am so interested in my present job related to international business since I am always a pretty excellent communciation person while communciating with the overseas cusomters. I enjoy this kind of working atmosphere and ways, and at that time, even though you work over time often, you can not feel so tired. It is a kind of entertainment and enjoyment leisurely .  [Jackieyan]
Well, in my case it depends because I work in the Hospital at the OR/DR department. There are times that we have a lot of cases to handle and the man power is not enough and of course it's physically and mentally demanding. So at the end of duty, I'm so tired that I wanted to go home lying at the bed. LOLs!!! But there are times that we don't have patients as in. So we do other chores like making cotton balls, big and small OS, cleaning the OR1, 2, 3 & 4 and DR 1 & 2, Making complete pack, folding drapes and OR gowns and etc. While doing so, we got bored so we end up talking, gossips (LOL!!!), and bully one another. And at the end of the shift, we are sleepy because we are bored. LOLs!!! But my work is exciting and fun. The adventures never stops and of course scrubbing for surgeons who are way too demanding is a challenge. But I learned from them.  [anne12d]
I am just new to my current job as I just got to work here a mnoth ago. I am still not very experienced with the colleagues here and part of my job I have to learn to use the new ERP system, which is ver different from my old company and it's hard for me to adjust. As my predecessor quit in a hush and did't do the job take over with me, so it's really challenging and I am learning bit by bit all by myself. But I will keep trying and I believe that in another month I can do it better. I am tired these days and I have been drinking extra coffee to drag myself from drousing off. I hope I will not be addicted into coffee again but I have no other way to fresh up in the noon. Keep moving there and earn more and more money, lol.  [Denise_Tung]
Basically my work is on computer...so when i started working in begining i love to work for 10-12 hrs. on computer...but now i do not want to seat on one place more that 5-6 hrs. But i could not do anything...now some problem start affecting my body so started some excercise to do...and the thing is that i could not leave my job. but tell you frankly i totlay tired with all of this.......  [tushark1]
yes sometimes i think so. I have seen that in recent time smostly. first the physical pain due to long journey is there. then there is this unhappy atmosphere at office  [subha12]
well i am doing web designing now i love my job a lot i learn new things a lot meet new people and its exiting and ocationally i get tired when i get home back but what ever i learn in my job helps me make a good website of my own do i am willing to do the job and i enjoy it  not to mention job on Sunday sucks i hate job on Sunday tough  [jeanlance]
I thinks that is just a natural thing i mean when you are working with the same group or with the same company you get familiar with how it works or how its being done and because of that familiarity you get bored sometimes. That is why a person should always reinvent his or herself in order not to be bored. Always try a different approach in doing things. be spontaneous i would say. happy  [ronacruz2007]
I'm not tired with my job because I learned how to love it. We know it's boring doing the same routines everyday, but what can we do? we need the money to pay the bills. My job is really boring cause I just sit down and face the computer for eight hours without talking but I got used to it.   I learned from the book I've read that no matter how hard or boring your job is, you should learn to love it so it will love you back. I this the one who wrote it is right cause since I started loving my job I got good things in return. Thanks!  [frozenthrone]
my work is not very taxing..happy it's boring that's why i get tired with it.. well, i am still here sitting and working for my boring job.. because i have to.. i need the pay.. it pays good but it's really boring.. but that's okay.. i'll just make fun of myself so as not feel so bored..rasp i actually do mylot while in the office, makes the work less stressful and boring!hehehe  [austere]
i think it is lack of sleep these days that makes me tired rather than my job but i do fibd staying at home all day doing house work both boring and tireing  [barbie84]
It's very tiring work. It is a strain on your back, hands, eyesight and overworking them contributes to your tiredness. If you can take a few breaks, (and not for other chores) you can do some deep breathing, yoga type things. Exercise your hands, touch the floor, stretch, etc. It will help your body recharge a bit and help you get through. Also, I suppose once you develop a routine, your body will adapt and you will get used to the new routine. Good luck with your new job!  [di1159]
The last two weeks or so, I have been writing articles on demand for someone and I have to say that it has been the most exhausting thing I have ever done. I have been doing about three a week and the brain power I have had to use has been intense. In fact I worked that hard on them that on wednesday I was shattered and ended up having to go to bed early.  [gemini_rose]
Work Discussions
