Health Home > Psychological Health >
Why does rain make you tired
Question in topics Conversational Psychology .We found some answers as below for this question "Why does rain make you tired",you can compare them.
Researchers add that the sound of rain and lack of sunlight make it even harder to get out of bed. Go ChaCha! ( Source: http://www.chacha.com/question/why-does-rain-make-you-tired )
More Answers to "Why does rain make you tired"
Does the rain really make you tired?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090611150607AALIyyq
The lack of sun is going to make you depressed. Its a fact that people have alot more energy in the summer than the winter because the sun does give us vitamins. If its coludy all day and rainy youll probably feel tired and maybe even a lit...
Why does the rain make you so tired?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090723162105AA7XjSt
The deprivation of sunlight means your body is missing some essential vitamins. Also winters with their short days can trigger Seasonal Affective Disorder, which was acronym'ed SAD for a reason. Perhaps the especially dark gray days exacerb...
Why does the rain make me sooo tired?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080528130601AAITRax
I think many ppl get depressed with a rainy day. It's probably because noone is out, everybody stays in and all.... nothing "lively" is going on... But if you feel depressed in general maybe you should consult someone.
Related Questions Answered on Y!Answers
Why does the rain make you so tired?
Q: I always heard that the rain makes you tired which is true, every time we have a really rainy day I feel very tired the whole day and don't feel like doing anything. What is it about the rain that makes you sleepy?
A: The deprivation of sunlight means your body is missing some essential vitamins.  Also winters with their short days can trigger Seasonal Affective Disorder, which was acronym'ed SAD for a reason.  Perhaps the especially dark gray days exacerbate the problem.  Sometimes physical and mental depression go hand-in-hand.  You don't have to be a full-fledged depressive or Bipolar to feel blue in the rain.  Therefore your body feels a little depressed.  Being cooped up in the house with limited options for exercise, fresh air, etc., adds to the lethargy.  Boredom too, of course.Low-pressure (like warm rainy fronts) atmosphere makes us all puff up a bit on our insides, generating swollen feelings and (in my case) sometimes a sinus headache.  Women who are PMS'ing get extra bloated (I have been told).  By contrast, when a high-pressure front (dry cold front) breaks the pattern, high pressure reigns.  Here in Chicago we frequently get violent breaks in the weather (i.e., warm front stalling out until cold front gathers enough power to bust it) -- so the barometer can swing from low to high very quickly.  People just get so stoked!  People from other regions think we're crazy out in the cold eagerly shoveling off our cars, and such, but by contrast high pressure is empowering.  A very "hail fellow well met" feeling.
Why does the rain make me sooo tired?
Q: Whenever it is a rainy of just cloudy grey day I am always sleepy. On those days I usually take a 2 hour nap or just lounge around with no energy what so ever to get anything accomplished. Infact when I wake up even I cannot see the weather outside, I can tell its rainy by how I feel. So could it really have something to do with the weather or is it merely psychological?
A: I think many ppl get depressed with a rainy day. It's probably because noone is out, everybody stays in and all.... nothing "lively" is going on... But if you feel depressed in general maybe you should consult someone.
Why does rain make us depressed and tired?
Q: Is there some kind of chemical inbalance? I live in the pacific NW
A: Its mostly the darkness that we subconsciously associate with the unknown and the unknown causes anxiety.  It has been proven to help depressed people if they use bright lights in their homes during dark days.j
