Why Am I Always Tired?
Do you often ask yourself "Why am I always tired?"
Are you tired of being tired?
Assuming that you already get plenty of rest, and do not have a disease or illness whose known symptoms are fatigue, such as S.A.D. (Seasonal Affective Disorder) which is a type of depression that causes mood swings; here are some easy, inexpensive healing tips to help you have more energy. 
Sponsored Links
Learn what you can do to get rid of that tired, depressed feeling and start yourself back onto the road to having more energy. 
You may be surprised to find that many of the answers to "Why am I always tired?" can be found in your own kitchen!
 
1.  Too Much Stress: 
Life produces many stressors (too many to list here), however if you increase your Vitamin C intake, you will increase your body's ability to handle stress.  If you take a once-a-day vitamin that includes Vitamin C, it's not enough. 
Oranges do, indeed, have a lot of Vitamin C, (fresh squeezed is much better than frozen or orange juice in a jug) but it's difficult to drink orange juice every day because you will probably get tired of it.  Even if you don't get tired of it, a single glass of O.J. every morning probably won't fulfill your body's Vitamin C needs for the day (even though you eat nutritious meals.) 
A couple (or more...see directions on the bottle) 1,000 mg. Vitamin C tablets are the quickest and easiest way to decrease your Vitamin C deficiency and help your body in its efforts to reduce your stress overload. 
Cayenne red pepper is the best (easiest, cheapest) form of getting Vitamin C, but you need to build up your body with regular Vitamin C for a few months, then change to "Cool" Vitamin C for another couple months and then graduate yourself to taking a Cayenne red pepper capsule once a day (preferably with milk) and usually in the morning....unless you're ill.
If you become ill with the flu or a cold, then you will want to increase the dosage to de-stress your body and assist it in getting well.  Cayenne red pepper capsules can be found at Walmart for less than $ 5.00 a bottle.  Always drink at least 8 ounces of fluid (water, milk, or other fluid) after taking a cayenne capsule because if not enough you don't drink enough fluid with them, they can become lodged (stuck) in your throat (just like any pill) and you will feel their high heat units.
If you smoke, you are robbing your body of Vitamin C and increasing the likelihood of becoming wrinkled sooner as well as a myriad of other health issues which you are probably already aware of. 
If you can't or don't want to quit smoking, do your body a favor and make sure you take your Vitamin C every day and increase your water intake to help your body reverse some of the damage.    
2.  Iron Deficiency Causes Fatigue
Iron deficiency is common in women who have heavy menstrual cycles.  Back in the 1960s, television commercials marketed Geritol "for iron poor blood" to elderly people to increase their energy.  Iron deficiencies are not new. 
However a couple tablespoons full of dark molasses (such as Br'er Rabbit Dark Molasses) each day (unless you're on a sugar restricted diet of some sort) works very well to naturally overcome your iron deficiency. 
Women of all ages (not just those who have heavy menstrual cycles) can also benefit from a couple tablespoons full every week as a precautionary measure.
Other iron-rich foods include:
Dark, leafy greens (spinach, turnip greens, collards)
Dried dark purple fruits (prunes, raisins)
Iron-enriched cereals (read the labels)
Mollusks (oysters, clams, scallops)
Turkey or chicken giblets
Beans, lentils, and soybeans
LiverFor better iron assimilation, eat more foods which are high in vitamin C or include a daily Vitamin C supplement in your diet.
3.   Overweight:  
Why Am I Always Tired?
Being overweight makes it harder for your body to function at peak efficiency.  You don't have to be grossly obese to feel the health detriments of packing on even 20 pounds. 
Being overweight is hard on your heart, your capillaries, your knees, your back, your feet and can lead to that:  "Why am I always tired?" question. 
As people age, those extra pounds get harder and harder to drop.
There are a gazillion marketers who sell fad diets and too few who provide true alternative healing methods.  Think about it, logically:  If very smart ladies like Oprah (who has her own chef) has to continually work to keep her weight off, the rest of us have to follow her example of making lifestyle changes.
Some diets work for a while; some work for longer and some don't work unless you exercise strenuously each day (which is actually what burns the excess calories). 
Many people are overweight.  Fighting obesity is about long term lifestyle and eating changes.  (Some people have found that when they cease to be Vitamin D deficient, they begin to lose excess pounds.)
Over a few short months, you will be AMAZED at how much weight falls off your body if you just drink the recommended 6-8 glasses of water each day.  Notice, though, that I didn't say tea, coffee, soda pop, diet pop, lemonade, etc.   They all have water in them, but that doesn't count. 
Water is that clear, wet stuff that comes from the tap, your filtering system or bottled water purchased in the store.  It does not have sugar, carbonation or (hopefully) any colors in it.  Yes; I know.... it's not very "tasty".  But, it's much cheaper than diet pills and it WORKS!  If you don't do anything else to fix your "Why am I always tired?" problem, try water. 
 
4.  Depression causes fatigue: 
10% of the populace has depression.  Depression can be difficult to diagnose as well as to cure.  Many people don't realize that they are experiencing depression. 
They simply continue asking themselves "Why am I always tired?" They believe they are always tired, don't sleep well, are easily prone to anger, have low motivation and feel as if their spouse or partner simply "doesn't understand" their needs or that the world "has it in for them." 
Some people are easily moved to uncontrollable tears or sleep most of the day to shut the world out. 
Others feel the need to become somewhat reclusive and don't want to be around people or crowds.  Some contemplate suicide.
There are many doctor-prescribed anti-depressant medications to help with depression.  Some help for a time.  Some do not help at all. 
Before resorting to insomnia medication or even herbal sleep aids such as Valerian or Kava Kava, try increasing your magnesium.
Magnesium deficiencies are often overlooked. Magnesium deficiencies may be caused by many prescription drugs, antibiotics, alcohol, and caffeine.
Most energy drinks are also high in caffeine and should be avoided.
While magnesium supplements are available, magnesium is only needed by the body in trace amounts, so it is best to receive magnesium from foods, rather than from a pill.
Some people believe that if they take a one-a-day multi-vitamin that they will receive all the vitamins and minerals that their body may lack.
If you read the label on your multi-vitamin, you will see that most multi-vitamins contain less than the normal RDA (required dietary allowance) of magnesium.
High magnesium foods include:
Dry roasted almonds, dry roasted cashews, dry roasted peanuts and mixed dry roasted nuts
Cooked soybeans
Shredded wheat cereal, oatmeal, bran flakes
Baked potatoes with skin
Peanut butter
Yogurt
A quick, easy, natural and inexpensive way to increase your magnesium is to simply take a tablespoon of molasses each day (unless you're on a sugar-restricted diet).
Do I Have Depression?
If you wonder whether you have depression, take this free depression self assessment test from the Mayo Clinic .
Anxiety Disorders
Another reason you may have totally overlooked for your being tired all the time may be the fact that you have a child who suffers from anxiety, fear or O.C.D. (obsessive compulsive disorder).
If your child has panic attacks, school anxiety, irrational fears or has other issues which cause stress in your household, the Turnaround Program , an audio learning system, may be the answer to helping your family be able to relax and have more peace in your household.
The Turnaround Program teaches positive feedback in the form of animated characters to help children learn how to overcome anxiety disorders without the parent having to strictly oversee or learn the program themselves, and teach it directly to the child.
Bright Light Therapy:   
Depression is more common if you live in one of the colder, northern states in the United States than if you live in a sunnier locale like Florida or California. 
If you feel that you may have depression, no matter what climate you live in, one thing that you should do is make sure that you receive at least 15-20 minutes of sunlight on your head (no hat) each day, even in winter climates. 
Vitamin D:
"Why am I always tired?"  Did you know that more than 60% of Americans are Vitamin D deficient (adults and children, alike)?
It is best that you make sure that you receive 15-20 minutes of sunlight on your head each Monday morning, at a minimum.
This sets your body's circadian rhythms, your inner "clock" and assists the body in making the necessary Vitamin D that it needs for optimum health. 
Vitamin D is essential so that your body can absorb calcium which is vital for the nervous system, as well as for your teeth and bones.  Vitamin D is also essential to regulate hormones.  Actually, "vitamin" D isn't a vitamin at all.  It is a hormone.
If for some reason you cannot get outdoors (such as if you are bedridden) to get some sunlight on your head, the use of indoor bright light therapy or full spectrum lighting is necessary to keep your Vitamin D levels metabolically balanced. 
Drinking milk with added Vitamin D is not enough.  Many doctors now recommend at least 5000 IU of Vitamin D3 each day for every member of your family. Vitamin D3 5000 IU
This is one of the reasons why nursing homes and residential care facilities attempt to get their residents outside for some part of the day. 
Full Spectrum Lighting:
If you believe that you have depression, do a Google search for "Full spectrum lighting" and "Bright light therapy". 
Exercise, hypnotherapy and yoga are also ways to assist in "beating the blues".  
Why Am I Always Tired?
5.  Menopause:
Like depression, the word "menopause" is a wieldy subject.  In addition to that "Why am I always tired?" feeling are the added symptoms of weight gain, hot flashes (wringing wet), irritability, sleep loss, dry skin and beginning to grow hairs on your upper lip and chin as well as sometimes other parts of your face such as your jawline. 
The problem is that as estrogen naturally decreases in your body, the ratio of your normal levels of testosterone to estrogen rise. 
The medical world initially offered H.R.T. (hormone replacement therapy) until it was found that it had negative effects. 
Natural healing alternatives that have been found to be helpful to balance the decreasing estrogen levels are the Chinese herb, Don Quai (for hot flashes) and Ginseng (to provide natural strogen). 
Wild Yam Cream is also excellent.  Follow directions.  It is very effective when rubbed on the inner upper arms and inner thighs. 
Purchase it from a reputable health food store or internet natural health remedies store and be prepared to pay between $ 40.00 to $ 60.00 for the higher amount of wild yam that it contains. 
Check the milligrams of wild yam before you purchase it.  Cheaper versions of progesterone creams are sold by Walmart and others that do not work very well because of their low wild yam content.
Another popular product that works well for many women suffering from the menopausal symptoms such as hot flashes, migraines, moodiness and irritability is progesterone cream with wild yam.
Read these reviews at Amazon.com to see what several others who have used it have said about their results from using Source Naturals Natural Progesterone Cream .
6.  Toxin Overload in the Body: 
There is no getting around it.  Everyone "abuses" their bodies in some way, whether they realize it or not.  Increasingly, our environment is full of toxic pollutants that we take for granted. 
The result is toxicity in our bodies.  Our air quality, especially in big cities such as Los Angeles and New York City is full of pollutants such as smoke and chemicals which belch from factory and power plant smokestacks. 
The jets flying over our heads, our gasoline and diesel fueled cars,...all of these things contribute to our body's toxicity.  We purchase weed killers to kill weeds and the result is that we have used so much them that they have gotten into our ground water. 
Food Additives: Commercial growers of chicken, turkey and beef use hormones to fatten the meat more quickly to send to market.  Consumers purchase the meat and then question why there is an upswing in breast cancers and other cancers. 
To make matters worse, we ingest too much cane sugar, corn syrup and even saccharine in diet drinks contributes to excess toxicity.  Smokers foul their lungs and bodies with the chemicals which the tobacco is soaked in. 
The list is endless.  The human body can only take so much.  Then, we wonder "Why am I always tired?"
Detox 
When most people hear the word "detox", they automatically think of a drug detoxification program for those who have drug addictions.  Drug detox and alcohol detox rehab centers are necessary to wean people off of these chemicals. 
However, many times the answer to the question "Why am I always tired?" is simpler than one might think.  The body is giving you a warning signal that it is on overload. 
Here are a few warning signs:  You have dark circles under your eyes; you have repeated headaches; indigestion; your skin is dry; you look pale and anemic; you're irritable; overweight; have pain; your joints hurt; you're bloated; constipated; you have gout; arthritis; and you're taking multiple medications attempting to seek a cure. 
Finally you begin searching the internet asking "Why am I always tired?"
If you are experiencing the above warning signs, it's time to detox your body naturally.  No, you don't have to go to one of those expensive detox centers to do it.
There are many colon cleansers available on the market.  A good, natural colon detox program can help to increase your energy levels and decrease your symptoms of toxic overload. 
Why am I always tired?
7.  Too Much Sugar In Your Diet: 
It is best to decrease your sugar intake, but if that simply isn't possible, then at least increase your water intake to attempt to rid your body of some of sugar's toxic effects.
 
8.  Not Enough Exercise: 
Attempt to find ways to increase your exercise to help rid your body of toxins and improve your overall energy levels.
Whether you choose to take the steps instead of the escalator, walk around the block or get on a treadmill for 15-20 minutes each day, your body needs exercise.  The more exercise you do, the more energy you use and the more fat you burn.
Exercise also increases your levels of endorphins in the brain, which helps improve mood and you'll be amazed how relaxed you are and how much better you will sleep after doing even a short cardio workout each day.
If you sit at a desk all day, try simply extending your legs out in front of you and pull your toes toward you, holding them for 5 seconds.  Do this at least once every hour.  You won't burn lots of calories, but you will increase the oxygen to your knees, ankles and calf muscles, which will decrease stiffness when you get up.
9.  Low Grade Infection: 
A low grade infection somewhere in the body can drain you of energy without your even realizing you have a problem and leave you asking yourself "Why am I always tired?" 
There are many ways to help stimulate your immune system, (Vitamin C, antioxidants, garlic, etc.) but if your system is "down", it may take several weeks or months to boost a neglected immune system.  If you feel you may have a low grade infection, while increasing your Vitamin C and antioxidants, remember, too, that a detox program helps rid your body of toxins.
When your body's cells are toxin-ridden, the body's immune system has a much harder time ridding itself of a low grade infection.
If, after stimulating your immune system over aperiod of 2-3 weeks and performing a detox, you still feel tired all the time, your best choice may be to see your doctor.
Why Am I Always Tired?
10.  You Don't Drink Enough Water: 
Dehydration: 
Most people are walking around suffering dehydration from not drinking enough water and asking themselves the question:  "Why am I always tired?" 
Your body needs fluids to expel toxins.  Dehydration is the cause of all types of maladies from "Why am I always tired?" to sunburn.  Some other dehydration symptoms are:  dry, sticky mouth, dark colored urine, thirst, loss of appetite, dry skin, head rushes and chills.  Drinking more water expels toxins faster than any other method.
Did You Know That Water Plumps Up Small Veins?
Did you know that if you have small veins and the health care worker always has trouble inserting the needle to "find" your vein, that if you drink your 8 - 8 ounce glasses of water the previous day, your veins "plump up" making it much more likely that the health care worker will only have to make one attempt to retrieve your blood or give you a shot instead of several (more painful) needle sticks? 
This works great for kids, too.  Less crying and less stress on Mom.  You usually have less bruising, too because the needle doesn't go through both sides of the narrow vein. 
The health care worker can find a vein big enough so that they can place the needle into it (one hole in the vein.)  Therefore, the blood doesn't leak out as much and cause as large of a bruise. 
 
Why Am I Always Tired?
Seek a Medical Opinion to answer the "Why am I always tired?" question. 
Don't put off finding the answer to the "Why am I always tired?" question.  If you have tried the above natural healing remedies and are still experiencing abnormal fatigue on a daily basis, see your doctor and have him do a complete workup.
Here are some medical reasons why you feel exhausted all the time which should also not be overlooked:
 
Alcohol Abuse:  Excessive alcohol use can rob your body of nutrients and leave you feeling tired.  Many alcoholics rarely eat.  For them, alcohol is their sole energy source.  If you or a loved one is an alcoholic, taking a once a day vitamin to overcome this loss of nutrients is a start, but your body needs the solid nutrition that only fresh fruits, vegetables and meats and fish provide.  
Medications:  Side effects from some medications such as blood pressure medicine, sleeping pills, muscle relaxants and other medications can cause daily fatigue.  If you feel that your fatigue might be due to your medication, see your doctor.
Chronic Heart Problems:  There are many heart-related difficulties which can make you ask yourself:  "Why am I always tired?"
Hypothyroidism:  (hypo means low) Decreased function of your thyroid gland.  Ask your doctor about the possibility of having your thyroid tested.
Sleep Disorders including Sleep Apnea:  Sleep Apnea is when your body actually stops breathing for periods of time.  If you continually ask yourself:  "Why am I always tired?", it is possible that you have a sleep disorder and do not realize it. 
Severely obese people are more prone to sleep apnea problems, but non-obese people can also have this sleep disorder.  So, if your fatigue continues, check with your doctor.
 
Q: Why Am I Always Tired? 
A:  It happens to us all.  Much of the time, the reason is because you were so busy doing other things that you forgot to put your own personal health on your To-Do List! 
 
