Quote:
Originally Posted by rollyfingerz
To view links or images in this forum your post count must be 3 or greater. You currently have 0 posts.
I hate zoloft i told my doctor i was suffering from panic attacks and he prescribed me ativan(what i asked for) and zoloft. that stuff put my head through hell, gave me anxiety. I don't know why he gave me an anti-depressant for anxiety.
I guarantee you will find out in some news reports down the road that zoloft has some kind of detrimental effect on us.
Well, Zoloft is FDA approved as a treatment for anxiety, so I'd imagine it's quite likely that that has something to do with the reason your doctor prescribed it to you.
If your doctor prescribes you a medication & you don't even know why, I'd highly advise that you ask your doctor himself why he thinks you should be prescribed that medication & in what ways he hopes it will benefit you. The more communication you have with your doctor about your medications, the better. I can't stress that enough.
As for your last remark... there already has been news reports on detrimental effects that Zoloft can have. Why are you only concerned about potential "detrimental effects" that Zoloft can have, though? What about the Ativan you're taking? Are you not aware of all the "detrimental effects" that Ativan can cause, or are you just choosing to ignore all that because you're really liking your Ativan right now?
If you're not aware of all the very serious risk factors associated with Ativan, then it's extremely important for your own well-being that you educate yourself. Ativan can be an incredibly helpful medication, but it's also a very addictive one & if you're not careful you can wind up with a whole ton more problems than you started with as a result of it.
If, in fact, you're just conveniently ignoring the potential "detrimental effects" of Ativan because you're enjoying its effects, & playing up the dangers of Zoloft because you didn't ask for it & it's not "fun"... Then, well, you really need to learn that medication isn't all fun & games... Hell, when medication starts to be about "fun" it ceases to be medicinal.
