Home > Health > Diet >
Does bread give you more energy or make you tired
Health related question in topics Diet Nutrition .We found some answers as below for this question "Does bread give you more energy or make you tired",you can compare them.
Bread, as a complex carbohydrate, fuels your body with energy. Lack of nutrients will make you tired, which can be caused by an unbalanced diet with too much bread. It's best to vary foods and get a little of everything. ChaCha again! [ Source: http://www.chacha.com/question/does-bread-give-you-more-energy-or-make-you-tired ]
More Answers to "Does bread give you more energy or make you tired"
Why is it that for some eating bread makes them tired and others,...?
http://answers.yahoo.com.au/question/index?qid=20080604090844AAbvgrY
There is a condition called Celiac Disease that makes people gluten intolerant, (gluten is the protein in wheat, rye and barley). The gluten cannot be digested. The gluten acts as a toxin on the small intestine, killing the villi. The villi...
Related Questions Answered on Y!Answers
Why is it that for some eating bread makes them tired and others, gives energy to?
Q: I read in Women's Health magazine one time that for some people with a certain body type (the name I can't remember) that eating bread or carbs makes you crash, while for others it will energize them. Eating carbs definitely makes me extremely tired, and I want to research more about this so that I can stop eating the foods that make me tired, but I don't know what it's called. Anyone know what I am talking about?
A: There is a condition called Celiac Disease that makes people  gluten intolerant, (gluten is the protein in wheat, rye and barley). The gluten cannot be digested. The gluten acts as a toxin on the small intestine, killing the villi. The villi is what absorbs our nutrients. This causes all sorts of problems, including making you tired and feel like your  brain is filled with cotton. It also causes digestive problems like heartburn, gas, bloating, diarrhea and nausea. In the long term if not treated it can cause ulcers and stomach cancer. It also prevents other nutrients from being absorbed, so health problems arise from that as well. About 1 in 133 people have this disease, but only 3% are diagnosed. Talk to a local allergist, go on the web at Celiac.com, or go to a natural food store for more information.
why does wholemeal make me feel really tired and sleepy?
Q: I've noticed whenever I have wholemeal products like bread or cereal I always feel really tired and sleepy after. I don't understand cos I thought complex carbs were meant to give you more energy through out the day :S
A: I dont think so...i also eat bread and cereals in the morning but i dont get sleepy...  do you exercise?....if u dont, i think u need to....
What can I eat to give me more energy?
Q: Okay, I have the earliest lunch in the schoolday at my school, I think it's at...like 10: 20 to 10:50?I normally eat a- Pan de Sal/Some bread my mom buys from the Filipino store with 2 slices of...deli ham? and cheese.- A bag of Goldfish crackers- Drink Strawberry Kiwi drink. I forgot the brand.What would be easy to make, but give me more energy throughout the day? I'm as tired as can be for my next two classes after lunch for some reason.If you care, I'm a fourteen year old boy.And I refuse to go wait in that lunchline so I can have 5 minutes to eat what I bought. =/
A: To keep energy throughout the day eat some good whole grain carbs, try to get bread without enriched flour.
