Hi, I'm new. Confused about lab/range results !!!
Nov 3, 2008
... I just started a new thyroid care and concerns thread that will go into more detail on some of this stuff. You should give it a look over.  Have you went through menopause? ... (5 replies)
Prescribed Synthroid/cytomel - Question On Dosage Split
May 28, 2008
... I think I feel a little better taking the 12,5 tablet, but I do feel a bit spun up and I think my heart is a bit racy.  At least with Cytomel it doesn't stay in your system long and since this is the first time I took it like this, perhaps I will get used to it. ... (69 replies)
Tingling...follow up.
Feb 25, 2008
... es are really inflammed and he gave me a big can of saline stuff to shoot up my nose 10 times a day.  Might help.  Might just go away on it's own like it usually does too. ... (248 replies)
Armour or Synthorid & Cytomel
Feb 16, 2007
... d the different concoctions to feel well.  My thyroid causes the heart palps as well if my levels are off, so bad so that 2 years ago I went to a cardiologist to make sure nothing else was going on.  Just thyroid related. ... (1 replies)
Armour, Cytomel, Synthroid, Thylor
Oct 15, 2006
... I tried the 2pm doses of Cytomel also. I also get irritated from mixing Cytomel and Synthroid. Thats why I tried Armour but it does the same thing. When I started Cytomel i felt so good for the first week or so.  Then it seemed to make me crash. I'd get so tired I'd almost pass out and sleep. ... (4 replies)
If 200mcg Synthroid why 75mcg Cytomel?
Aug 7, 2006
... I am new to this site. To make a long story short. I recently had a total thyroidectomy. The path report showed pappillary cancer. ... (6 replies)
Kant
Aug 29, 2005
... First and foremost let me tell you the same................your friendship is so important to me!  I look forward to each of your messages, no matter how many you write a day. You have gone above and beyond for me and have offered me so much support and we have SO much in common, it just all fell in to place so nice. ... (49 replies)
