  Add comments
 
I don’t know about you, but most of the times I smoke weed, I get very tired afterwards. The only exceptions to this are typically when I’m already wide awake and naturally energized, or when I have taken another drug with very stimulating properties. Weed is weird; it’s both a stimulant and a depressant. This is because marijuana contains not only THC (the cannabinoid responsible for marijuana’s stimulating effects), but other cannabinoids, such as CBD/CBN, which have more depressing, sedative effects on the central nervous system. No matter what kind of weed I smoke, I experience weed’s stimulating effects first, with its sedating effects following a varying amount of time afterwards depending on the type of marijuana.
One important thing to note about weed and sleepiness is the difference between marijuana’s two main recreational species, Sativa and Indica. Sativa bud provides a user with a more stimulating, cerebral high, while Indica weed is most notable for its stereotypical “stoning” effects. Logically following, the former has a higher THC/CBD ratio than the latter. So basically, the sleepiness one experiences from smoking weed is directly caused by CBD, CBN, and a few other more minor cannabinoids. One can also assume that “coming down” from THC’s effects might also play a role in the causing of tiredness in marijuana users. There are also more less obvious reasons for these effects, such as the carbon monoxide contained in marijuana smoke. This chemical, in higher doses, naturally deprives the body of oxygen (although this chemical is present in very low levels) by binding to the hemoglobin in blood, rendering its oxygen delivering to body tissues ineffective. Naturally, humans respond to high oxygen levels in the bloodstream with increased excitability, while the opposite causes sleepiness, fatigue, or even death with progressing doses.
If the side effect of sleepiness is undesired, but the user still wishes to smoke weed, there are many things one can do to counteract this effect. As I mentioned previously, I combine marijuana with other more stimulating substances if I wish to stay active. This does not have to be a dangerous stimulating drug like cocaine or amphetamine, coffee does the job for me just fine. As with most other areas of life, one must experiment to find out what works best for him or her, but I highly suggest caffeine for its effectiveness and general safety in moderate doses. Better sleep management is another great way to counteract this effect if one wishes, no drug will keep you up forever without sleep. The best way to fight sleepiness is to sleep in most cases. This may seem obvious, but it’s not as simple as it sounds. Although marijuana tends to put its users to sleep, it exhibits negative effects on REM sleep, an important aspect of a decent rest and also an important part of your body’s natural hormonal regeneration. The simple fix for this is to not go to sleep high per se, but to let the true after effects of marijuana aid you in your sleeping by smoking an hour or two before bedtime.
The great thing about being a human is that we are smart enough to know about actions and reactions within our own bodies. Whether one wants to just get high for recreation or use marijuana for its sedating side effects, he or she can use him/herself as a controlled experiment and test out what combinations of what chemicals will produce the desired effects one is seeking.
 Posted by adminlol at 4:17 am
 Leave a Reply
