Sarees & Devotional paintings : Careers & Courses
Hi Friends,A friend has?started?a business of sarees { with hand pasted not embroidered, stones, dabka, mirror work} & devotional wall hangings etc. in Delhi if some fellow sitagitaites can guide her further regarding sales I`ll really appreciate this, me being a novice. please mail?her at alkachandwani@yahoo.comThanks.Honey
Does honey and cinnamon make you sleepy:Blog Section
Does reconciliation work? : Relationships
I have had days when my thinking gets clouded with doubts and more doubts! Will I ever be able to make it on my own? What will happen to the kids? How will I make ends meet? Thoughts of reconciliation have occurred as I walk along the most turbulent path in my life.Does reconciliation really work? Iâ
some beauty home tips for all people : Beauty
To cool your eyes, make eye pads using thick slices of cucumber. Another option is to use cotton pads soaked in cold milk. Lie down and place them on your closed eyes and relax for a while. Putting a drop of rose water into each eye just before you sleep can also refresh you eyes. To prevent your lips from chapping, use hot water fermentation on your lips and then apply a mixture of vaseline and h..
The Foodies of Delhi.. : Food & Entertainment
Okay, so I was born in Delhi! But life took me on this enormous journey across the country and through various schools ( 6 to be precise) and then I got married and left the shores of India. But does that stop my being a Dilli wali? Yes and noâ
Be the Doctor : Health & Wellness
Most often we suffer from the common problems, such as,cold and cough, indigestion, blood pressure and others. They are the cases we run to doctors while there several remedies available in our household to treat them. Here are few of them and they will surly prove to be useful.   If you are from a family where diabetics runs in the hereditary, try having few curry leaves every morning for 100 ..
YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS TO WASTE MY TIME : Daily Dilemma
Today was a yet another ridiculous day¦ one of those worst bad hair days..  Myself and my friend set to search the univer cell office  the head office at peters road after some misleading from the person at the royapettah road office, we successfully located the place... First thing to rant about was there was no signage for such a big office... and finding the office prove to be an ordeal...
How to handle Criticism : Gen-Next
Everybody does not have the same reaction when they are criticized for some reason. There are some who take it negatively but that should not be the ideal case. For whatever or whichever reason you may be criticized take it in your stride. See it as a stepping stone so that you can get motivated and achieve the thing for which you have been criticized.  You may be criticized for something which ..
Related Searches
