Joined: 12/21/2008 - 4:19pm
Hi Debbie
Oh my lord yes!  I thought I had chronic fatigue syndrome (I was in bed for two weeks straight barely able to get up and take a shower in May) and went through blood test with the hematologist, endocrinologist and primary care physician.  All my test came back fine, even had a liver and spleen scan.  I thought that just proved I was going nuts!
Since I got let go from my job in late May and I've been able to rest and not be under so much stress, I feel tons better.  But, my pain levels have also decreased since that time.  I've been thinking about all this a lot lately (now that I'm able to think) and I definitely feel that the chronic pain (at levels 7 to 10) will definitely make you tired.
If you think about what activities in your normal day zapped your energy tank and then add on top of that the stress of chronic pain, there's no tiger left in your tank.  Cars can't run without gas, so why should you think you can.
I beat myself up mentally something awful thinking I should have been able to handle the pain, the meds, the job stress -- just wasn't tough enough.  But now with some time without the severe pain racking my body every single day (as it did for months), I can see that I had every right to be exhausted.
Sister, I know what you mean about getting just a few things done and then you're exhausted, not to mention the effect the meds have on you.  Everyone has a different physical constitution and we process our medications differently.
Just this week, after almost a year, I cleaned the whole house myself.  I was ready to pull out the poms poms and do a cheer.  Like most of the women on this site, if I got laundry done one day, dishes the other, grocery shopping, etc.  just a few tasks a day, I was happy.  (Like I had a choice in the matter)
And yes, where are the sleep gods when you need them?! I'm always tired but can't get enough hours of sleep, even tried sleeping pills.
Things have gotten much better for me, which I'm eternally grateful for.  Even starting putting on a little makeup and lip gloss (woo hoo!)
Debbie, YOU ARE NOT ALONE in your fatigue -- it's part and parcel of this chronic pain thing.
Take care my spiney friend,
Judy
Log in or register to post comments
Sat, 08/01/2009 - 7:55pm
