The early bird catches the worm.
Friday, November 25, 2005
Does Tryptophan from turkey meat make you sleepy?
Right around Thanksgiving, it is quite usual to find articles like this one and this one that claim that eating turkey will not make you sleepy because tryptophan will be digested, that tryptophane levels in the brain will decrease in concentration due to amino-acid competition, or that eating turkey may even boost your mood through the rise in serotonin, though the dose may be too low.
What these authors do not know is that a number of papers have been published suggesting a different mechanism altogether, not dependent on tryptophan (or serotonin) getting released into the bloodstream and reaching the brain at all. Let's first review the biosynthetic pathway of melatonin. Here it is in a simplified shorthand:
The amino-acid tryptophan is a precursor of neurotransmitter serotonin which in turn is the precursor of hormone melatonin.
Not everyone knows that the complete enzymatic machinery for synthesis of melatonin is not active only in the pineal organ. It is also fully functional in the retina of the eye, in the Harderian gland (located in the ocular orbit just behind the eyeball), and in the intestine. After all, the GI tract possesses a large and complex semi-independent nervous system in which many of the same neurotransmitters and hormones are found as in the brain. Actually, more melatonin is produced in the intestine than in all the other sites combined.
Normally, intestinal melatonin plays a role in control of gut motility - peristalsis - and perhaps some other local functions. As usual, effects of serotonin and melatonin are opposite: whatever one stimulates, the other tends to inhibit.
In most species intestinal melatonin gets degraded within the intestine. In other words, little or no melatonin ever leaves the intestine and leaks into the bloodstream. Also, depending on the species, melatonin in the intestine is predominantly synthetized during the day, during the night, or continuously.  In humans, it appears that some intestinal melatonin (not much, though) leaks into the blood at all times, and that most of the synthesis happens during the day.
The ability of the intestine to synthetize melatonin out of food tryptophan (described above) is the first link in the chain of our hypothesized mechanism.
The second link is, and that has been shown in rats and chickens, ability of extra tryptophan to promote synthesis of extra melatonin.
The third link, also demonstrated in rats and chickens, is that extra melatonin leaks from the intestine into the bloodstream even if it normally does not do so in that particular species.
The fourth link, also demonstrated experimentally, shows that melatonin secreted from the intestine does not in any way affect the levels of melatonin synthesis in other locations (pineal, eye).
Finally, it has long been known that increasing levels of melatonin in the bloodstream can phase-shift the circadian clock, place the phase into the night, and thus promote the feeling of sleepiness.
Now, as far as I know, nobody has done the complete study - all links in the chain - in any species, let alone humans. Still, as each link has been independently verified in one species or another, the whole hypothetical mechanism appears likely. Thus, until further research proves this wrong, you can tell your friends at dinner table this:
High levels of tryptophan in turkey meat and some other foods lead to increase in synthesis of melatonin in the intestine which results in more melatonin leaking from the GI tract into the bloodstream. Once in the blood, this extra melatonin phase-shifts the clock - your body thinks it is late at night and you feel sleepy as a consequence.
Furthermore, this shift of the clock will result in you being wide awake right after midnight - your body thinks it's waking-up time already - something that has been reported anecdotally .
