We respect your email privacy
Always tired? Lack energy? Can't focus?
Here we will talk about the most common reasons for  tiredness and explain what you can do to regain your energy
Have you  ever asked yourself why you feel tired all the time? Other people seem to have  so much more energy, don't they?
Why is  that?
They have  jobs, just like you do. They are raising children, just as you are. And you  know they don't have time to sleep for 10 hours a day… So why is it that you're  always tired and they're not?  Could it  be that you're doing something wrong?
Well…
The  answer is probably "Yes". Let me explain…
There  are many different things that you might be doing that could lead to your  tiredness. And most of these are little things; things that you could easily  change if you only knew about them. And sure, some of these are obvious (you  know that you'll be tired if you only sleep for 2 hours, or if you exercise  much harder than you're used to). But other things are kind of unexpected and so  people don't connect them with their tiredness. These are the things that we never  hear about, so it's not surprising if you don't know them. Let's try something…
Let's do a quick test. Tell me if you can answer the  questions that are posted below. And be honest, you're not fooling anyone but  yourself…
Did  you ever woke up in the morning and felt more  tired than you were when you went to bed? This is a common thing, but can  you explain it? I mean, we all know that sleep is supposed to rejuvenate us  - not make us more tired. So what's going on here?
Do  you know why some people can sleep for just 4 or 5 hours per night, yet still  be full of energy? (For example Jay Leno sleeps for 4-5 hours per night, Martha  Stewart 4 hours, Margaret Thatcher 4 hours, and Nikola Tesla needed only 2-3  hours) What are these people doing? And what are the others doing differently (here I mean the people who are always tired, even though they sleep for 10 hours or more)?
Do  you know how to determine if something's missing from your diet, causing you to  feel tired? And if you do, do you know what to do about it?
Do  you know that there are simple things that you can do that will allow you to control  your melatonin (sleep hormone) levels? This way you'll be able to drive  sleepiness away whenever you need to.
Do  you know how to avoid adrenal fatigue? (Or maybe I should ask: Do you even know  what adrenal fatigue is?)
You see,  knowing answers to these simple questions (and many others just like them) will  allow you to take charge over your tiredness. You'll see that by simply  changing a couple of little things you do every day, you'll be able to raise  your energy levels significantly.
Now  before I continue, I should tell you a little bit about the things that don't  work (especially since this is what most people do)…
Top 3 Things Most People do When  They're Tired and Why They Don't Work
Sleep
Everybody knows that when you're  tired you should get some sleep. So what should you do if you're really tired –  all the time? Well, you should probably sleep more, right?
Wrong!  
If you're constantly tired,  sleeping for 9, 10 or even more hours per night will not do the trick. And  there's more. Not only can oversleeping actually make you feel more tired, but it can also lead to several medical  conditions. Studies have shown that sleeping for more than 9 hours per night  will increase the risk of diabetes by 50%. Another study showed that if you sleep for 9-10 hours per night, you  will be 21% more likely to become obese.  And this link between obesity and sleep remains the same even if you eat the same amount  of food and get the same amount of exercise. Risk of coronary heart disease increases by 38%. Back pain and headaches are also linked to oversleeping. And to top it all of,  multiple studies have found that people who sleep 9 or more hours per night  have significantly higher death rates than people who are sleeping 7-8 hours.
So tell me, do you still think  that getting more sleep is the answer?
Caffeine
Coffee… Now that's how you fight  tiredness, right? Everybody knows that. If you're tired, you just need some  coffee. And if you're still tired, well… you probably need more.
Wrong Again!
First of all, the caffeine 'high'  that you get from a cup of coffee doesn't last. If you are not used to  caffeine, it can last for a couple of hours, but if you drink it daily, it ends  much quicker than that. And after that you start 'crushing' and soon feel more  tired than before. Also, if you drink coffee daily, it doesn't take long until  your body get used to it (it builds tolerance just like with any other drug).  Soon, you'll need coffee just so you can feel as tired as you used to feel  without it.
But  there's more… and make sure you read this, because this is important!
The way that coffee works is by  stimulating certain hormones in your body (specifically adrenaline, cortisol  and dopamine). I probably don't need to tell you that artificial hormone  stimulation is not good for you. That's obvious. But I want to be a little more  specific than that:
Cortisol, for example, (popularly  called the "stress hormone") affects all other hormonal activity in your body. It  will give you a quick burst of energy (by   increasing sugar in your bloodstream and raising your blood pressure). In the old days, cortisol  was released in stressful  situations (like getting attacked by a bear), so that you'll have a better  chance of getting out alive. However, if you keep increasing your cortisol levels artificially, this could lead to several health problems, including heart disease, elevated  blood fats, insulin resistance and weight gain. In the long run it will also lower you immune system, making you more prone to various diseases.
Adrenaline is another hormone  that is related to the stress response – you get a temporary boost of energy and feel  more powerful and alert (but also a bit agitated and jumpy). It is supposed to be released as a part of  the fight-or-flight response, which happens when we find ourselves in dangerous situations.  Long term artificial stimulation of adrenaline can prove to be too demanding for  our system and can lead to adrenal exhaustion.  This is a state where the glands become depleted and can only excrete smaller,  non-adequate amounts of adrenaline. That leaves you battling with chronic tiredness and  it can even lead to chronic fatigue syndrome.
Lastly, I would like to mention  adenosine. In the case of this hormone, caffeine prevents its absorption.  Adenosine normally works by calming out our body, so its inhibition (caused by  caffeine) can often contribute to sleep  problems and resulting tiredness.
Energy Drinks & Energy Pills
The sales of energy drinks are on  the rise. That's not surprising, given that the population is getting more and  more tired and that these products are promising to give you exactly what you  need – more energy.  So is that the  answer you've been looking for?
No!
The main ingredient of energy  drinks and/or pills is caffeine. And you already know how that affects your  body. Here, you'll get a much higher dosage of caffeine compared  to coffee, on  top of which you'll also get a large quantity of sugar with some extra  supplements thrown in. All of these are bad for you. Let's try to keep it short:
The  effects don't last and once they wear off you'll feel worse than before
They  are addictive
They  sometimes contain additional supplements, effects of which have never been  tested
They  are highly acidic (pH level of Red Bull is 3.3), which is bad for your body
Negative  effects (as published in The Mayo Clinic Proceedings):  effects on blood pressure, heart rate and  brain function. Can cause dehydration. There were reported cases of seizures,  mania, cardiac arrest, and even "four documented cases of caffeine-associated  death"
Ok,  enough of that. Let's stop talking about what doesn't work when you're tired  and focus on what does.
If you're always tired, is there  something that you can do?
What will actually help you?
Most  people, when feeling tired, just want to get through the day. And they do this  by trying to ease the symptom – the tiredness itself. But this will never work.  Alleviating the symptoms will not fix your condition. If you really want to  stop feeling tired once and for all, you have to go after the root of your  problem. You have to remove the thing that is responsible for your tiredness  (there's probably many things that work together, making you feel tired). Basically,  what you have to do is:
Identify  the true causes of your tiredness
Remove  these things from your life
Learn  about the things that you can do that will give you an extra boost of energy
Add  these things to your life
Feel  great, be full of energy, and live the kind of life you want
Now  doesn't that sound simple?
Well, it  really isn't. In the years that we've spend helping people fight tiredness,  we've learned that almost no knows why he or she feels tired all the time. And  even when you help them determine the true cause of their tiredness, many of  them don't know what they should do about it.
Because  of this we've decided to create a product specifically designed to help you go  through the steps 1-5 as easily and effortlessly as possible (without having to  dramatically alter your lifestyle, of course).
This  product is now known as the End Tiredness Program.
How does the End Tiredness Program work?
How can it help you permanently get rid of  tiredness?
That's  simple. The End Tiredness Program will show you how you can make small changes  to your daily routine (some of which you would never even consider) that will have a great  impact on your level of energy. I think it's best if I give you a couple of  examples:
First,       you'll learn how to make your sleep more effective.       We will not tell you to sleep more (in fact, most people actually end up       sleeping 2-3 hours less than before!). What you will do, is start  sleeping the right way – the       way you should've been sleeping all along. And when you wake up, you'll       feel rested, relaxed, and ready for the day ahead. To some of you this       might sound like an impossible dream, but really it's just sleep doing       what it's supposed to do.
Another       thing that you'll learn is that your body already knows how to produce its       own energy (if it didn't, you would be dead). What we'll teach you is how       to take control over that mechanism, so that you can increase       your energy levels (that means no more afternoon slump!). When you       need more energy, you'll know how to get it.
We'll       let you know about a specific hormone in your body, the levels of which       determine your level of alertness (and tiredness on the other side of the       spectrum). We will show you how you can deliberately influence the       levels of this hormone – there are actually 5 different things       that you can do.
You'll       learn about the mechanism that is used in getting the energy to the brain.       Specifically – we'll give you 11 steps that you can use in order to make       sure your brain gets the energy it needs and keeps functioning at       its optimal.
We'll       show you a specific process you can use in order to wake up more easily in the mornings. This will work hand in hand with sleep optimization       program, making sure you never feel that morning drowsiness again. On top       of this, you'll learn how to wake up without an alarm clock at the same       time each morning. This is the way you should be waking up all along!
And       much, much more…
I could go on and on about it, but I  think you get the idea. You'll learn about food that is good for you and the  one that will drain away your energy, you'll learn the truth about napping, and  about your biological clock (also known as 'the circadian rhythm'), you'll  learn which common mistakes to avoid (not the same as mentioned above), and  about simple tricks to boost your energy…
More info about the End Tiredness Program
The End Tiredness Program is written  in an easy to understand language, without  any scientific terminology (don't worry; you will not need a medical degree to  understand it). In fact I think it's actually quite a fun read. But more  importantly than that, it really works!
The program will give you all the  information in a step-by-step fashion, so it should be easy for you to follow  along. You'll read a chapter, decide how much this specific subject relates to  you, and make the necessary changes to your lifestyle. In most cases, these will  be small – things you should have no problem implementing. In others cases it  will be a little bit more complicated and will require some time and effort on  your part. For example, one of the things you'll have to do is keep a sleep  journal and then use it to calculate the length of your sleep cycle (don't  worry, we'll show you how and it's really easy to do). We'll then use this  information in order to 'fix' your sleeping habits and make your sleep more efficient.
Was this program tested?
What sort of results can I expect?
We have conducted a test study,  using volunteers who reported having problems with tiredness. Since we wanted  to see exactly how effective the End Tiredness Program really is, and didn’t  want to pick and choose which people should be testing it, we accepted everyone  who applied. The results were, if anything, better than expected – in short:  96% of volunteers claimed that they “no  longer have any problems with tiredness” after being on the program for just  one month.
Here are some of the other findings  from our study:
After 2 weeks
98% noticed       a significant increase in their energy levels (81% reported high       increase, 17% reported moderate       increase)
Only 6% still reported having “troubles getting up in the morning” (before       starting on the program, a staggering 94% reported the same)
72% claimed       they are starting to “feel healthier” than before (we attribute this mainly to the reported increase       in their energy levels)
87% report       being able to “think more clearly” and/or “hold their concentration for longer periods of       time” (Tiredness can cause a condition that is       commonly referred to as a ‘brain fog’, which is a state in which our       brains function below their optimum capacity. Once tiredness is removed an       increase in cognitive functions is a common side effect.)
After one month on  the program:
Almost all volunteers reported needing less sleep than       before (in fact, the average sleep       time lowered for 1 hour and 28 minutes)
96% of       volunteers claimed that they “no longer have any problems with tiredness”
Listen what people who have tried out the End Tiredness Program have to say
Mike says:
"I was tired of being tired…"
Chelah says:
"I feel so much better and I really get to enjoy my day more. It's just really been a phenomenal change…"
Barry says:
"It was extremely easy to understand and to follow along with… Now I'm enjoying life, I got far more energy…"
 
How do I order the End Tiredness Program?
When can I start using it?
The End  Tiredness Program comes in a form of an e-book. This means that you will not  get a physical copy of the book delivered to your address. Instead, you will  get to download the book to your computer and then read it directly from your  computer screen.
If you want, you can also print it out or read it on other  devices, such as e-book readers (Sony Reader, Kindle...), tablet computers (iPad),  laptops, notebooks… Since it comes in a .pdf format, you will probably be able to access it on pretty much any device you have.
Because  the program is a downloadable e-book:
you  will be able to start reading it immediately without waiting for delivery (you could  be reading it just 2 minutes from now),
there  will be no shipping and handling costs,
there’s  no risk of the product being damaged in the mail
since  it costs us less to produce, you will get the End Tiredness Program at a lower  price
Ordering the End Tiredness Program
If you  have never ordered an e-book before, here’s how it works:
Start  by clicking on the ‘Order’ button below. This will take you to a new page.
If  you would like to pay with PayPal, click on the little PayPal icon on the right  side of the screen. If you’re paying with a credit card, fill out the form and  click on the ‘Pay Now’ button.
Your  order will now get processed. This will only take a couple of seconds.
Once  it clears, you will be automatically re-directed to our download page. Here you  will find the instructions on how to download the End Tiredness Program (you  can also just click on it and start reading it).
If you order today, here's what we'll throw in - ABSOLUTELY FREE:
FREE Bonus No. 1 – Expert Support
We have taken great care to write the End Tiredness Program in such a way  that you’ll be able to follow along without any help. But every person is  unique and sometimes you might feel like you need some extra help. In those  times, we will be there for you. We’ll answer any questions or concerns you  might have.
You will get a special, customers only, email address that you  can use to get in touch with us  anytime you want.
Keep in mind that a single hour of  individual counseling would normally cost you over $100. Here, you'll get all the help you need free of charge.
FREE Bonus No. 2 – The Jet Lag e-book
Every time we travel across the time line, we risk tiredness. Jet lag can ruin our long awaited  holiday, or make our business trips less successful, since tiredness is preventing us from optimum functioning. This little e-book will tell you about actions you can take before, during, and after the flight, that will help you minimize the effects of jet lag. It might even come in handy in other situations.
The Jet-Lag e-book is priced at $29.95, but you will get it for FREE when you order the End Tiredness Program.
FREE Bonus No. 3 – Shift-Work Report
If you are a shift worker, it's not surprising that you're suffering from tiredness. And even though there's probably nothing you can do about your work hours, there are plenty of thing you can do that will help you adapt to you situation. These same techniques can be used by anybody who has to keep irregular hours – including breastfeeding moms.
This book is priced at $19.95, but can be yours free if you order the End Tiredness Program today.
*The combined value of these bonuses is $149.90, but you'll get them for free if you order the End Tiredness Program today.
How much does the End Tiredness Program cost?
The cost of the End Tiredness Program is $37.00. For that you will get full access to the program and the bonuses (valued at $149.90) immediately after the purchase.
Also included in the price is a full money-back guarantee (see below for more details).
The information that you'll get from the End Tiredness Program is not available anywhere else. This is the only program of this kind in the world. Act now and you can get rid of tiredness for less than you have  spent on coffee just last month.
Still not sure? You're probably wondering what happens if this  doesn’t work for you
We  realize that your tiredness may be caused by a medical condition. If this is the  case, then the End Tiredness Program will probably not be able to completely eradicate your tiredness. It will, in all likelihood, help  you, but only to a certain degree.
But even though a lot of people are blaming their tiredness on a medical  condition, our study has shown that this is often not the case (the program worked  for 96% of all volunteers). Because of that, and because we believe that it  will work for you as well, we are offering you a chance to try out the  End Tiredness Program – risk free. Here’s the deal:
Our guarantee - if it doesn't work, you don't pay a cent:
60 Day Unconditional, No-Questions Asked, Money Back Guarantee
If you are not completely satisfied  with our program, no matter what the reason, we will give you 100% of your money  back – no questions asked.
(You can  take advantage of this guarantee anytime within 60 days of purchase)
I want  to be absolutely clear on this. And I want you to know exactly what this guarantee means. So here it is again (in a little more detail):
You can  buy the End Tiredness Program, download it, read it, and try it out for full 2  months. Then, if you are not completely satisfied with it, whatever the reason, just write to us and we will give you your money back. We will not ask you any questions, will not try to delay the issue, or try to convince you to keep the program. We will give you all of your money back - immediately (we  will even cover  the money  processing and handling fees ourselves).
Order Now
I would like to order the End Tiredness Program:
I understand that for a one-time fee of $37:
I will get full  access to the End Tiredness Program immediately - no matter what time it is (even if it's the middle of the night)
My order is fully covered with a 100% money-back guarantee (I will either stop feeling tired or the book is free)
I will also receive 3 bonuses, valued at $149.90, absolutely free of charge
The End Tiredness Program is available in every country in the world
P.S.
You have nothing to lose and a lot to gain. If the program doesn't help you, it will cost you nothing except a little bit of your time. But if it does... Trust me, getting rid of tiredness will have a tremendous effect on your life. Just think about all the things you could do and all that you could achieve if only     you had more energy. Don't you ever wonder what your life could look like? You know that things will never change if you don't do something to change them. Order now and I promise you, you won't regret it.
A Proven Way to End Tiredness
step-by-step guide for permanently eliminating fatigue
recommended by experts
