Does meat make you tired? - FoodAQ
Does meat make you tired?!
Question: Does meat make you tired!?
I haven't ate it in 9 years, and just started a couple months ago, and I have been taking naps allot l8ly (which I never do) and have been feeling tiered!. Should I stop again!?Www@FoodAQ@Com
Answers:
That depends on your personal feelings and reasons for eating and not eating meat as much as anything!. Whereas I'd say that it seems to be more that a coincidence that this has started with eating meat again too, it doesn't mean its the only cause!.
Do what works for you obviously, but if you were eating a well balanced meat free diet, there should be no problem with returning to it if you wish!.
Www@FoodAQ@Com
Yes, in my opinion I would stop eating it again!. I'm a vegetarian and I feel great!. I always high amounts of energy and I'm always on the go!.
Meat makes your system slow down, and tired faster!.
People who tend to eat less meat always have high amounts of energy!.
Vegetarians are like children with candy, always bouncing off the walls and always on the go!. :]
Www@FoodAQ@Com
I stopped eating Beef a year ago and have never felt better!.  I ate a beef burger at a BBQ this summer to be polite, and it took me two days to recover from that!.  (Tired and sluggish)  I think it's hard on the system to digest meat at all, but chicken and fish are easier!.  I eat those often with no bad side effects!.Www@FoodAQ@Com
You're body is in shock, because it hasn't had meat in a long time!. However, if what you ate was turkey, don't worry, that makes anyone feel sleepy (not a health hazard)!.
Once you start eating meat more often, you'll feel less tired!. Www@FoodAQ@Com
I have been 7 months on vegetarian already!.
Whenever I enter a place where a lot of people eating meat!.
The smell of meat make me want to vomit!.
Can't imagine you are able to start eat meat after 9 years being a vegetarian!.Www@FoodAQ@Com
Yes, I noticed I'm really tired when I eat beef and/or pork!.  Since it makes you feel better, yes, you should stop!.  Good Luck!Www@FoodAQ@Com
Makes me tired!. Consume plant derived foods if you want to feel your best!.
Cheese and fish slow me down a bit but not much, still I only eat them when I have to!.Www@FoodAQ@Com
All of my meat-eating family gets tired after they eat meat!. I'd stop!. Www@FoodAQ@Com
No!. I only get tired if I don't work out for a few days!.Www@FoodAQ@Com
yes meat does make you tired!. especially turkey! im still going to eat it though!!! lolWww@FoodAQ@Com
noWww@FoodAQ@Com
The consumer Foods information on foodaq.com is  for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice or  treatment for any medical conditions.
The answer content post by the user,  if contains the copyright content please contact us ,  we will immediately remove it.
