Seated Head to Knee with Stretching Pose
Spinal Twist
25. My back hurts after I practice Bikram Yoga. Do you have any suggestions? 
 
Please follow the instructions carefully when you are doing forward bends. For   example, in the half moon--padahastasana series, the instructions are to bring   your torso on your thighs, chest to the knees, no light space anywhere between   the torso and the thighs. If you try to straighten your legs without having this   first part accomplished, you can create pain in your lower back. Also keep in   mind the instruction "360 degrees stretching." What that means is to make the   stretch even throughout the whole back side of the body. (See previous question   for more details).
You also want to follow these guidelines in separate leg   stretching. Bikram says, "Suck in your stomach and bend your upper body down   from your lower spine  towards the floor." It is difficult to suck in your   stomach unless you exhale, so  make sure to exhale as you fold forward. When you   suck in your stomach, it supports the whole pelvis to roll forwards with the   rest of your spine--this eliminates strain in the lower back.
Working carefully, mindfully, allowing your breath to flow with   your movement will help you to gradually deepen your experience of the   postures.
26. I have degenerative disc disease (or bulging or   herniated discs). Can I still do forward bends? 
 
Generally, doctors recommend not doing forward bends with such conditions.  With   degenerative disc disease, improper forward bends can cause slippage of the   vertebrae.  With herniated or bulging discs,  in forward bends, the bulge can   press onto the spinal nerves creating pain.
Backward bends are recommended for   building strength in the spine and spinal muscles, and they have the added   advantage of taking the bulge away from the spinal nerves, relieving pain  as   well as toning the digestive system and strengthening the   breathing.
However, it is important to learn to bend forward properly.   At   the beginning, learn to fold forward safely. Experiment gradually  increasing the strength of your pulling on your heels   in  forward bends. Do not cause pain with this pulling--you must back away from   pain.  Also, don't do sit ups while in the acute stage of your condition--roll   over onto your side to sit up.
Your practice of what you can do will gradually   enable you to do more and more of the series as your back strengthens. You will   get relief from pain and it is not impossible to regenerate the herniated or   bulging discs.  Expect to practice regularly for the best results.
TOP
27. I have bad knees. I experience knee pain. Can Bikram Yoga help me? 
Whether the knees are arthritic or injured, Bikram Yoga will definitely help.   Bikram actually healed his knee, which was crushed by a 300 pound weight, with   his guru's help doing yoga. You must move the knees to get circulation to them,   and Bikram's Yoga helps you do both.
So how should you proceed? Make sure to listen carefully to the   alignment instructions in each posture. When you are told to keep your feet   parallel in standing postures, please do so. A half inch in either direction   away from parallel has its effects all the way up the knees and into the   hips.
In standing balancing postures, it is also important to keep the   standing foot straight and the standing knee pointing straight ahead. If your   knee bows back (hyperextension) you should bring the weight forwards towards the   toes so as to engage the quadriceps muscle ("lock the   knee") and lift the kneecap upwards. This action brings the leg into one   line and brings true strength to the knees.
When you are bending your knees in any of the standing postures,   keep the knees pointed over the toes. This will ensure that the knees and hips   are strengthened evenly inside and out.
In triangle, when you are told to push your hips forward as you   bend your front knee, this will keep your hip in line with your knee in line   with your foot. This is also good for even strengthening of hip and knee   joints.
In some of the standing postures, it might be very difficult to   bend your knee to a 90 degree angle. So do the best you can without creating   pain. Better to keep proper alignment bending 1% than to go 100% in poor   alignment.
In the floor poses, notably fixed firm, half tortoise and   perhaps rabbit, it might be difficult for you to bend your knees enough that the   hips sit on the heels. To test your knee flexibility, keep lots of weight in   your hands and bend the knees gradually to the point (but not past) of pain. You   must be able to relax and breathe in the posture, holding it steady, for   anything to happen. As the pain decreases and you start feeling more   comfortable, you can gradually take the weight out of your hands and allow more   pressure on the knees. Eventually you'll be able to go all the way into the   posture, and you won't even remember the time when you couldn't even sit   down!
You'll find that little by little your knee pain goes away and   soon you'll realize that you can walk, climb up and go down stairs, even run a   little without pain!
28. What precautions are necessary when practicing with a   hip replacement? 
 
THE PRACTICE OF YOGA: POST OPERATIVE TOTAL   HIP REPLACEMENT SURGERY 
by Morton D.   Hurt
Introduction
When I prepared the following instructions to perform Yoga, I   first of all addressed the various poses as I modified for the right hip total   hip replacement surgery I had on March 28, 2000. You’ll notice in most cases I   only address that part of a pose I had to modify for my surgery. Any pose or   part of a pose not mentioned means I was able to perform, perhaps not to the   same level prior to my surgery but at least to a level that in my opinion merits   no comment. Except where I have specifically commented there is no change to any   of the steps in a pose detailed in the instructions I received at Bikram’s   College of Yoga in Seattle, Washington.
Common Thread
If there is a thread that runs through all the modified poses is   the sense of moving into a pose until "resistance" is felt. It is at this point   I feel someone recovering from total hip replacement hip surgery can gain the   greatest benefit in his or her recovery process. This is not a point to simply "hang out" it is a point where through proper breathing techniques one is able   to move deeper into a pose to eventually reach the same level of the pose that   one might have enjoyed prior to surgery.
History
As I previously mentioned I practiced my Yoga from December 12,   1999 (when it was confirmed I had lost some 75% + of the cartilage in my right   hip) through March 27, 2000 (the night before my surgery). I credit the   continuation of Yoga as a significant factor in the success of the surgery and   the speed of my recovery. I was back to work in 6 weeks, walking without the aid   of either crutches or a cane at 7 weeks and back to Yoga in 8 weeks post op.
For the most part I have not attempted to include any caveats as   part of these instructions. Anyone who has had total hip replacement surgery   should have been fully instructed as to what physical movements can or cannot be   performed.
The ability of one to return to the practice of Yoga will be   affected by a number of factors not to mention at least their level of fitness   and level of skill prior to the operation. I was 54 when I had my operation and   would say I was in very good shape and was proficient in most of the various   poses having practiced for some 3 1/2 years. In the final analysis I knew the "risks" when I returned to the practice of Yoga. What I also knew and firmly   believe is that no matter how one modifies the various poses there is benefit in   the pose. You simply have to allow your body to be the messenger and use some   common sense. If one first thinks through the movements involved with each pose   it’s rather simple to determine where one has to be especially careful.
Lastly and most importantly anyone should be told there is life   after a total hip replacement surgery. The Chinese say , "a journey of 1000   miles begins with the first step". So to with the practice of Yoga.
Ardha-Chandrasana with Pada-Hastasana
Bend slowly to the right move your left hip to the to the left   until you feel resistance. Similarly on the opposite side bend slowly to the   left and move your right hip to the right until you feel resistance. Slowly bend   arms and body backwards until you feel resistance. In Pada-Hastasana bend   forward slowly from the hip joints until you feel resistance. My first objective   in Pada-Hastasana was simply to place my hands on the shins of my legs.
 Utkatasana
1. Sit down only as far as one feels resistance. In the   beginning I never went further than 45 degrees.
2. In the second part of awkward I simply tried to move as high   up on my toes as possible. No attempt was made to sit down.
3. In the third part of awkward I would repeat the first part of   the pose. Putting the knees together for at least the first 12 weeks post op   should be avoided. Your orthopedic surgeon should have made this point many   times.
Garursana
In the Eagle Pose bending the knees about 6 inches is OK. I   would transfer my weight to my left foot and slowly lift my right leg as high as   comfortable bringing it as high as possible over the left thigh. I would not   attempt to wrap the calf and foot totally around like a rope. I would merely   hold the calf and foot just to the left side of the left leg with the top of   right foot facing the mirrors. I would not attempt to sink down.
Dandayamana-Janushirasana
I would interlace my fingers firmly just below my right knee. I   would then pull my right knee toward my chest until I met resistance.
Dandayamana-Dhanurasa
Standing on my right leg in Standing Bow Pulling Pose I only   kicked until I met resistance in my right hip. As with all the poses what the   student will find is that it is the muscles of the operative hip that will   restrict the depth that one is able to achieve in the pose.
Tuladandasana
One of the most challenging of the poses. In the beginning all I   would do is to step forward with my right foot in a modified salutation to the   sun.
Dandayamana-Bibhaktapada-Paschimotthanasana
I would bend forward from the lower back until I met resistance.   In the beginning I would grasp just behind my legs. Keeping the back straight   and the eyes up is very beneficial in this modified pose.
Trikanasa
Keeping my left knee locked I would turn my right foot and leg   to the right until I met resistance. I would bend my right knee to the right   again until I met resistance. I would then go down slowly until I met resistance   in my right thigh. I would not attempt to move m right thigh parallel to the   ground. Keeping my arms straight I would bend my torso directly to the right and   would go no further into the pose than having my hand approximately 8 to 10   inches above my big toe.
Dandayamana-Bibhaktapada-Janusirasana
Bending my right knee as much as necessary was essential for me   to progress in the Standing Separate Leg Hand to Knee Pose. It was also helpful   for my balance to keep my hands facing each other but apart rather than   together. I would then bend forward until I met resistance.
Tadasana
Standing on my left foot I would merely raise my right foot as   high as possible on the inner thigh on my left leg with my goal being to have my   right thigh parallel to the ground.
Padangustana
Did not do prior to my operation.
Pavanamuktasana
I would merely pull my right knee down toward my chest until I   met resistance. Similarly I would make the same motion when performing Wind   Removing Pose with both legs.
Salabhasana
I would lift my right leg until I met resistance. When raising   both legs I would likewise go until I met resistance.
Poorna-Salabhasana and Dhanursana
Both the Full Locust and the Bow Pulling Poses can be performed.   Just merely go until resistance is felt.
Supta-Vajrasana
In the beginning I would merely sit Japanese style with the aid   of a small wooden bench, holding my hands in prayer and simply use this moment   to meditate.
Ardha-Kurmasana
I would use the small wooden bench as an aid in performing the   Half Tortoise Pose.
Ustrasana
In the beginning I would do no more than stand up on my knees   and bend back slowly until I met resistance.
Sasangasana
Once again I would use the small bench as an aid in performing   the Rabbit Pose bending forward until I met resistance.
Janushirasana with Paschimotthanasana
I would bend my extended leg until I could grasp my toes and   bring my forehead in contact with my knee then slowly push down with my forehead   until resistance was felt.
In the Stretching Pose I would grasp my ankles slowly bending   forward at the waste until resistance was met.
Ardha-Matsyendrasana
Again this is one of those poses where crossing my right leg   over my left knee had to be avoided for at least the first 12 weeks post op. So   to modify this pose I would simply bend my right knee keeping my right foot flat   on the floor and position it on the right side of my left knee rather than the   left side. Rather than bringing my left arm to the right and over my right knee   I would simply keep it on the left side with palm down on the carpet. I would   then twist my body to the right until resistance was met.
Kapalbhati in Vajrasana
With the aid of the small wooden bench the Blowing in Firm Pose   can easily be performed.
FOLLOW-UP
20 MONTHS POST OPERATIVE - TOTAL HIP REPLACEMENT SURGERY
by Morton D.   Hurt  November 16, 2001
It's been some 15 months since I wrote   my article of August 10, 2000 entitled The Practice of Yoga Post Operative Total   Hip Replacement Surgery. In September of this year I had my one year post   operative physical.  My orthopedic surgeon indicated everything looked great.     I continue with my practice at least two times per week at Bikram's Yoga College   of India located in the Freemont district of Seattle, Washington.  I am very   pleased  to say that I am now able to perform all the poses for the most part   without modification.  I still adhere to listening to my body and moving into a   pose until "resistance" is met, except now with the strength I've gained over   the past 20 months I am even more willing to move deeper into each pose.  For   any one who read the article I just want them to know I am still practicing and   that there truly is life after a total hip replacement surgery.
FOLLOW-UP: Feb 13, 2002
Will be 2 years post op end of March. Am still   practicing 2-3 times per week and feel great.
Namaste
