Diagnosis ...  they will want to know about associated symptoms, which will allow them to assess the severity of your PND and decide on the be ... » Read on
Trusted Partner Sites
T3: The forgotten thyroid hormone
? There's no question that low thyroid hormone levels act as a potent risk factor for coronary heart... artery disease have low T3 thyroid hormone levels, does increasing T3 levels reduce future risk for heart...  Millions of people take thyroid medications like Synthroid®, Levoxyl®, or levothyroxine...crap
Can thyroid issues cause blood pressure issues?
At my last dr visit (2 months ago), blood levels showed I had a low thyroid... now about 119/82.  I was wondering if my thyroid issue could cause my bp number to remain a little higher... down on salt intake.  Is there anything else I could do??  I'm a little frustrated b/c my thyroid issue...crap
Oprah Endorses... the Thyroid
: thyroid disease.      Yup.  Early last week, Oprah showcased her own "wake-up call for women" in learning that her sleep disorders and weight gain were in fact symptoms of a defective thyroid, that butterfly-shaped gland in the neck that is "widely viewed as a euphemism for being fat." Thyroid disorders are extremely...crap
SHARING MY EXPERIENC AND ILLNESSES THAT ARE ALL AUTOIMMUNE
, ALWAYS TIRED, BLOOD COUNT LOW, ETC.  IT IS VERY HAD TO LIVE BUT WE GO ON. I AM WONDERING WHAT IS NEXT. 3 YRS...  I WANT YOU TO KNOW I HAVE MS, THYROIDITIS(HASHIMOTO), ARTHRITIS, SOMETHING WRONG IN MY LUNGS, DIABETES, FIBROMYALGIA, CFS.  ALMOST ALL ARE AUTOIMMUNE. AND NO ONE IN MY FAMILY HAD THAT...crap
I AM SO TIRED!!!
enough to consider transplantation, which means your liver isn't functioning very effectively2. Low thyroid requiring... more impressive. What to do? Focus on the things you have control over. Since low thyroid can cause fatigue, check... for a transplant, I am undetected. I also have a thyroid conditon and i take synthroid....I had to go on disablity...crap
Hypothyroidism and Diabetes
, an elevated TSH level with simultaneous low levels of T3 and T4 are conclusive evidence that the thyroid gland...  Hypothyroidism is the most common type of thyroid disorder, and is the situation where the thyroid fails to make enough thyroid hormone to regulate the body's metabolism. The most common form...crap
Is bood sugar and blood pressure directly related to heart disease?
Hi, i'm gunjan. my mother suffers from thyroid, low blood pressure and even her sugar level rises at times but not sporadically. now she's even havin' a heart problem. she is constantly complaining of heaviness and mild pains in her chest.is it something serious and indications of a heart attack?      gunjancrap
what causes the white part of the eye to turn light blue or light purple?
I have increasingly bad vision due to thyroid disease (or at least that is my oppinion). My eyes have become very sensitive, red, tired, watery and they sting most of the time. I have just recently noticed that the whites of my eyes look bruised with a light blue or purple color. I have not had any injuries.       What can cause...crap
Drug induced fatigue or something else?
I frequently feel fatigued, run low grade fevers 99-100, feel as though I have the flu or a bad... on Kaletra, Combivir, Viread. My doctor has checked for all the usual causes of fatigue. Anemia, thyroid... you for the "usual causes of fatigue," including "anemia, thyroid, liver, CXR." However, that's only the beginning...crap
Is it Your Thyroid or ADHD?
We have been getting more member questions lately about whether or not thyroid problems... on this association between thyroid problems and ADHD and there just doesn’t seem to be much out there in the way... conditions which share symptoms with ADHD. Thyroid dysfunction can cause symptoms such as the inability...crap
 
