Mary Ann January 28, 2011 at 12:23 pm
I am happy to say that our family lives with a frugal mentality.
I agree with another poster, that many of our friends may not know this about us as we live in a wonderful neighborhood, have good jobs and drive a nice (albiet nearly 10 year old car).
My husband and I made a choice long ago to live within our means. We buy what we *need* and save our money for special occasions. We are never sucked into having to buy the latest new item, be it a car, clothes, electronics etc…and have enough confidence within ourselves that we don”t have to “keep up with the Jones’s”.
Over the years this has afforded us the luxury of savings, living debt free, while putting money aside for special things like occassional family trips and now renovating our home without having to take out a loan and paying down our mortgage.
Done right, it’s not about depriving yourself more than setting financial goals and the satisfaction of managing well one’s finances.
Kathie February 10, 2011 at 2:00 pm
I would LOVE to figure out how to live being not quite as frugal. Our car loans and mortgage equal about 13% of our monthly salary and is really the only “debt” items that we have (or that has potential interest). We pay off utilities/credit cards/ everything else on a monthly basis and put a good deal of our paychecks into savings. In fact, if we both lost our jobs, we could support the same lifestyle we now live (including vacations several times a year) for a couple of years.
My problem: I have an extremely hard time parting with my money. It is easy to tell my in-laws and parents that nothing would make me happier than to have no inheritance because they spent their money on things that made them happy. The only thing, I can’t seem to follow that advice myself. I would love to be a little less frugal, I can certainly afford it. The first step will be the hardest, I think…
Mary April 3, 2011 at 6:14 am
I enjoyed reading these comments on being frugal & have come to the conclusion it is an individuals choice as to how they want to spend there money . I have worked two jobs since I was 20 and am now 48 have been forced to move 15 times in 26 years and have gone without all of those years.  I have kept my heat off in my apartments because I felt there was no need if I was only there to sleep and get a shower, gone without vactaions  and so many material things  and the cost of having to move all those times monetary wise is close to 1/2 a million dollars along with all the other crazy things that have happened so to be frugal sometimes doesn’t pay because no matter what I have done to save I don’t have any of it now and because I had to work so much I have also lost touch and contact with the people I cared about in my life but upset that none of them did anything about what went on – so I learned that working so hard to save and have a future didn’t quite pan out either and a persons circumstances as to whats important in life should be left to them to decide -buy now save later or save now buy later whats better I don’t no – I have had two brothers who have passed away one in his twentys and another in his 40′s now they are not here  they don’t have anything now either I think whats most impotant is balancing the people time and money in your life however you can make that work.
