Tweet
"And just never feel satisfied with what i`m doing..."
Dude I`ve been going through the same symptoms for like 2 years. I`m 23 have a boring stressful job, not in school currently, and just never feel satisfied with what I`m doing . I never have energy so I feel like I`m sick all the time but all the test results from the doctor always say I`m in perfect health. I really think it`s anxiety and depression that is causing everything. I want to see a shrink but I`m broke. I think it`s just part of growing up and realizing life is different now that you have to earn everything you need.
 
Was this answer helpful? Yes | No
Someone said: Check with your doctor you might have allergies.  Yes, antibiotics make you feel run down this is a side effect of the med.  Tell your doctor and they can find you one that doesn't. Since its expensive for you to buy meds have the doctor give you a week supply and test to see the reaction of he next one .  Then when you know you are not allergic then get the full dosage.    As for the run down feeling try taking a multivitamin daily, this will help you get that extra energy you need.  Eat cereal for breakfast or when you feel rundown it has B vitamins you need for brain food.  Also, try to get eggs in during the week.    If you can have cheese after breakfast that will help one ounce a day for a few weeks will help you.  But avoid dairy while on those meds.  Work out its going to help you feel good about yourself and give you that energy you need and it gives depression a kick in the rear.   One more thing if you have constant blues look at a comedy show or movie before bed works wonders to laugh these blues away.  Now, you may want to join a group online that goes to events or meetings to help your through your depression.  If you are not in he career you want hen find a hobby doing something you love. For example: if you want to write create a blog, if you want to be photographer take it as a hobby and sell the photos to a sock house,  if you want to be a cook well cook every weekend something nice or join a soup kitchen and cook for those in need.  If you want to act take an acting class and join a community play.  Your life is your canvas draw the life you dreamed of follow your dreams even if is a hobby. If you want to sing join a church chorus group.  I think you see where I am going.  If you like writing and making plays do so and go to senior citizen homes and play them out for free. This way you do what you love as hobby and you do the other jobs to pay the bills.  Life can be sweet when you tweak it just a tad.  Good luck and god bless ya.  I hope my info helps you
Was this comment helpful? Yes | No  
Someone said: I meant sell the photos to a stock house not a sock house.
Was this comment helpful? Yes | No  
Someone said: Yes, antibiotics make you feel run down this is a side effect of the med.  Tell your doctor and they can find you one that doesn't. Since its expensive for you to buy meds have the doctor give you a week supply and test to see the reaction of he next one .  Then when you know you are not allergic then get the full dosage.    As for the run down feeling try taking a multivitamin daily, this will help you get that extra energy you need.  Eat cereal for breakfast or when you feel rundown it has B vitamins you need for brain food.  Also, try to get eggs in during the week.    If you can have cheese after breakfast that will help one ounce a day for a few weeks will help you.  But avoid dairy while on those meds.  Work out its going to help you feel good about yourself and give you that energy you need and it gives depression a kick in the rear.   One more thing if you have constant blues look at a comedy show or movie before bed works wonders to laugh these blues away.  Now, you may want to join a group online that goes to events or meetings to help your through your depression.  If you are not in he career you want hen find a hobby doing something you love. For example: if you want to write create a blog, if you want to be photographer take it as a hobby and sell the photos to a stock house,  if you want to be a cook well cook every weekend something nice or join a soup kitchen and cook for those in need.  If you want to act take an acting class and join a community play.  Your life is your canvas draw the life you dreamed of follow your dreams even if is a hobby. If you want to sing join a church chorus group.  I think you see where I am going.  If you like writing and making plays do so and go to senior citizen homes and play them out for free. This way you do what you love as hobby and you do the other jobs to pay the bills.  Life can be sweet when you tweak it just a tad.  Good luck and god bless ya.  I hope my info helps you
Was this comment helpful? Yes | No  
Comment
