How To Kick Smoking Habits
Though we all are aware of the disadvantages of smoking but many of us still continue to smoke. Millions of people who are addicted to smoking want to quit smoking and for such people, there is an unending stream of tips, suggestions and ideas on how to do that, but still leaving this habit does not seem to be an easy way out.   Most people have a habit to smoke while driving a car, after an...
Can Steve Really Quit Smoking?
Say hello to "Steve."   Steve is a fictional character who has been smoking for more than 5 years...Steve would love to quit smoking, but he just never seems to get around to it...   A few months ago, Steve was talking a big game about how he wanted to finally quit smoking cigarettes. About how quitting smoking would be better for his health in the long run. About how much money he'd save if...
Stop Smoking Easily and Quickly
Do You Want to Stop Smoking Easily and Quickly? If you have tried using the willpower method, don't beat yourself up because you are still smoking - the fact is, it's not a matter of willpower.  The mind has two parts: the conscious and subconscious.  And so when you tried using the willpower method, you were in two minds whether to stop smoking or not - literally in 'two minds'.  For...
Time to quit smoking
Love and cigarettes have many things in common. They say that a relation is very much like a cigarette: you have to put an end to it, before it hurts you. Also, if you look at somebody who quitted smoking recently and somebody who broke up not long time ago, you'll see a lot of resemblances. The comparison between love and a cigarette is quite accurate, with the specification that a relation can...
4 Quit Smoking Tips
Quitting smoking is not easy for anyone and if you've tried it before you should know exactly what I'm talking about. The nicotine is one of the most addictive substances that affects the entire body functioning including the brain.  Recent studies show that nicotine is just as addicting as cocaine, heroine and marijuana. The more nicotine your body takes in the greater your addiction is,...
