Reviewed by Laura J. Martin, MD
This morning, you promised yourself that you'd head straight to the gym right after work. But by the end of the day, you were so beat that all you could think about is collapsing on the couch with takeout and the remote.
Why are you so tired all the time? Are you just not getting enough sleep , or could something be medically wrong?
Chronic tiredness is one of the most common complaints that bring people to their doctor, says J. Fred Ralston Jr., MD, an internist practicing in western Tennessee and a past president of the American College of Physicians.
"People put it all kinds of different ways: Some say they're tired, some say they're fatigued, some say they just aren't able to do what they need to do," Ralston says.
If you're constantly plagued by exhaustion, there are a host of medical issues that could be wrong, and we'll talk about those later. You may also wonder if you're doing too much. But the most likely answer is just the opposite: You're not doing enough.
12 Causes of Fatigue and How to Fight It
Fatigue Rx: Exercise
The biggest cause of tiredness these days, says Ralston, is "the modern American lifestyle. Being overweight , eating too many fast foods, and not exercising enough."
There are three key lifestyle changes that can make a big difference in your energy level, doctors say:
1. What you eat. Don't try for a quick-fix spurt of energy from caffeine and sugar; it will only leave you more fatigued as your blood sugar levels fluctuate wildly. Instead, go for a balanced, healthy diet replete with fruits, vegetables, and lean protein. "Most people feel like they're less tired if they eat a healthy diet," says Ralston. "Eating healthy also means you'll carry less weight, and obesity is a big contributor to fatigue.
2. How much you sleep. About 60% of women, according to the 2007 Sleep in America poll, say they only get a few good nights' sleep a week or less. To get more Zs, avoid caffeine and alcohol in the hours just before bedtime, and keep your sleep space quiet and restful.
3. How much you exercise. This is the biggie, says Ralston. He suggests that the best prescription for ordinary, garden-variety tiredness is regular, vigorous exercise. Complete your exercise at least three hours before bedtime.
Shouldn't exercise tire you out, not rev you up? The reality is that exercise breeds energy. Almost all the studies that have looked at this question have found the same thing: Sedentary people who start exercising feel much less fatigue than people who continue to slouch on the couch -- and exercise often boosts energy even more than medication.
So what's the prescription? How much exercise do you need, how often, and for how long, before you start noticing an end to your exhaustion? Ralston recommends 40 minutes, at least four days a week, to get you going.
How soon should you see results? It took you awhile to get this worn out, and you're not going to feel better overnight. "You need to give it at least a month," Ralston advises. Within that time, you should feel at least some improvement. Keep with it for three to six months more, and you should start feeling much better.
If you follow your exercise prescription for at least a month -- and you're also making enough time for sleep -- and you're still feeling lousy, look into other causes, Ralston advises.
Next Page >
women's health newsletter
Sign up today to receive WebMD's popular Women's Health newsletter for advice on women's health concerns, lifestyle, and disease prevention.
Top Picks
