Anyway, anyone here suffering inexplicable dreadful tiredness while on vitamin supplements?
Hi CoolBee
I haven't personally experienced what you have described, but it doesn't surprise me.
Your detection plan sounds like a smart  idea to me.
Here are a few more ideas to consider...
1) While some people do well or ok with supplements, other people's bodies may respond to the same supplements as though they are toxins, even though the supplements have a good reputation overall.    When this happens, much energy can be used up in having to process the toxicity, leaving a person feeling exhausted.
While one person may benefit from a particular supplement, another person's body may react negatively to the  material used to bind and hold the pill together for instance.      For this reason, caplets and tablets can be a source of problems for some people.  Capsules are better because the ingredients are not bound together by a binding agent, but instead are contained in  powder or liquid form inside the capsule container.
The bodie's toxic reaction to pills can happen immediately, or the pills maybe tolerated well for a period of time, and then the body develops a toxic reaction to them.  And sometimes the body simply wants a break from the supplement - doesn't need it anymore.      For this reason, it is always good to notice how you are feeling when taking supplements.   Sometimes it's easy to forget and fall asleep at the wheel, so to speak,  by automatically taking  for granted the benefits they are supposed to provide.
2) Some people's bodies have a harder time than others breaking down multi-vitamins.  And again, when this happens, the body ends up having more work to do than if the pill were not taken at all.   If this is the case, it is best to take the pills in pure form... like taking vitamin C capsules, vitamin B capsules and so on.
3) The supplement quality may not remain constant.   The fact that  a brand has been good quality doesn't guarantee that the quality and standard will be maintained.
4) Some pills do not break down easily for digestion.  If you are suspicious of your pills, put them in water to find out if they dissolve well.
If you get the chance and can afford to do this, it can be helpful to get muscle tested by a kinesiologist to determine whether or not your body will benefit from the supplements you plan to use.
Good luck, CoolBeen
