Photos: 1
You will be hard-pressed to find an online vendor who sells MAOI's such as nardil or marplan. The medicine itself is rather expensive, especially compared to the cheaper prozac or effexor or cymbalta. That's strike one. There is virtually no demand for it online. That's strike two. And it's extremely dangerous compared to the newer antidepressants out there. You don't have to OD on an MAOI to die---all you need to do is eat the wrong foods and wine. Fatalities happen with addicts who overdo it, but what vendor wants to risk a fatality because a customer ate a piece of cheese with his antidepressant, and died? Very high risk is strike three. Oh, and you can't find it in generic form either, which is strike four, even though it was created back in 1959.
A report from Dr. Daniel Carlat, a psychiatrist and author of the book "Unhinged" which critiques modern day psychiatry and it's aversion to one-on-one counseling and disproportionate reliance on pharmacology, has this to say about MAOI's such as marplan (isocarboxazid) and nardil (phenelzine) and tranylcypromine (Parnate):
Marplan (isocarboxazid)
A “new” monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI)? Well, not really. Isocarboxazid has been around since 1959. It disappeared in 1994 when the FDA called for updated data to maintain an indication. Its manufacturer, Hoffman Laroche, chose not to continue it, according to an interesting account in a voicemail response to TCPR from James Hunter, president of its new marketer, Validus Pharmaceutical. Apparently Validus spotted a commercial opportunity in reissuing Marplan as a branded drug. (According to several pharmacies contacted by TCPR, isocarboxazid is not available as a generic at this point.) The price for a 10 mg tablet averages more than $3 per pill, and given a target dose of 40 mg/day, the monthly cost could be well over $300.
Is isocarboxazid more effective than phenelzine (Nardil) or tranylcypromine (Parnate), the available generic MAOIs? Apparently not. The last comprehensive review was published 15 years ago and concluded that isocarboxazid is as effective as its competitors for outpatients, but may be ineffective for inpatients (Thase et al, Neuropsychopharmacol1995;12(3):185–219). Unfortunately, because of the lack of availability of this medication for the last decade, no more recent comparative data are available.
Are you one of the 2% of psychiatrists who actually use MAOIs regularly (Balon et al, Psychiatr Serv 1999;50(7):945–947)? If not, whichever MAOI you choose, you’ll need a handy list of foods and medications to avoid. You can download one here, or read it in TCPR, November 2006. See the table: Marplan—At a Glance
It's so rare, only TWO PERCENT of psychiatrists prescribe this drug, presumably for treatmant-resistant depression that responds to neither SSRI's, SNRI's or tricyclic antidepressants. It could be considered the last stop before ECT, electroconvulsive therapy. ECT has a really high success rate for jolting people out of a depression, even catatonic depressions, but it's well-recognized that it damages short-term memory quite a bit, although the duration of that damage needs more investigation.
This is interesting too. Take an MAOI, and you must, must, must adhere to these guidelines on food:
The Carlat Psychiatry Report’s MAOI Diet
Foods to absolutely AVOID:
Aged cheeses: Cheddar, fontina, brie, blue, camembert, munster, swiss (Note: patients might get lucky and eat specific servings of these cheeses that have very little tyramine, but the content is so unpredictable that they should all be avoided.)
Tap beer
Fava beans
Sauerkraut
Some aged, cured, or smoked meats, such as air-dried sausage, pastrami, salami, bologna, pepperoni in large amounts (although pepperoni seems safe in chain restaurant pizzas, see below)
Foods that are quite risky:
(These are foods which, if patients really can’t live without them, and don’t mind playing a little Russian roulette with their blood pressure, can be eaten with caution)
Tofu (must be extremely fresh, that is, made either the day it is consumed or the day before and stored well)
Soy sauce (no more than about three teaspoons or so per day, meaning that the only safe way to have soy sauce is to add it yourself, as Chinese restaurants may well add much more than this in a serving) [I.E. - NO CHINESE RESTAURANTS ALLOWED]
Miso soup
Foods that are a little risky but probably safe in general [would you play Russian roulette with your life, hoping that pizza is probably safe??]:
Cheese pizzas made with mozzarella. (Even pizzas with pepperoni and mozzarella are probably safe if they come from a reputable restaurant chain that serves fresh food.)
Foods that are safe:
These cheeses: Mozzarella, American, cottage, ricotta, cream cheese.
All other dairy products, including yogurt, milk, and cream.
Alcohol: Wine, most bottled beers, most hard liquors (Some authorities recommend avoiding red wine, especially chianti, but it appears that red wine contains very low levels of tyramine and that the famous “red wine headache” that many people [on or off MAOIs] report has nothing to do with the tyramine content of red wine—see article in Lancet 1988;12:558-559)
Chocolate (Some authorities caution that European chocolates are riskier than American chocolates, perhaps because they contain more cocoa and less milk.)
Coffee
Finally, MAOI's cause side effects like any other drug:
Side Effects:
Most common are insomnia, diarrhea, rash at patch application site, orthostatic hypotension. Other MAOIs cause side effects such as sexual dysfunction and sedation.
Also, you can't take herbal antidepressants like St. John's Wort or other antidepressants (any and all of them):
Drug-drug Interactions:
Contraindicated with all known antidepressants, including St. John’s Wort and other MAOIs (although many clinicians have safely combined MAOIs with tricyclics, trazodone, and mirtazepine); certain pain medications: meperidine, methadone, Darvon (caution advised with Ultram); the triptans Imitrex and Maxalt (other triptans are safe); dextromethorphan (in Robitussin DM; other forms of Robitussin are fine); Sudafed (other cold remedies and all antihistamines are safe).
At 9 mg/day or higher, contraindicated with high tyramine foods. Tyramine is the devil when it comes to an MAOI drug regimen. So NO TYRAMINE foods.
Tyramine foods include the following, so you cannot have any of it, period, if you're on an MAOI:
All tap beers.
Aged cheeses such as cheddar, blue, Gorgonzola, camembert, and brie.
Aged, fermented, smoked, air dried, and pickled meats. Some examples include mortadella, pepperoni, salami, summer sausage, and meat jerky.
Banana peel.
Bottled or canned beer, including nonalcoholic beer (drink only two or fewer 12-ounce bottles per day).
Breads or crackers that contain cheese.
Casseroles, pizzas, or cheese burgers made with aged cheese.
Fermented soy beans and soy bean paste (such as Miso), tofu, and soy sauce.
Kim chee (fermented cabbage) or sauerkraut.
Meat extracts such as Bovril.
Pickled herring or smoked fish.
Pods from broad beans such as fava or Italian green beans.
Red and white wine (drink only two or fewer 4-ounce glasses per day).
Yeast extracts such as brewer’s yeast pills or liquid, and Marmite
. . . sure you still want to buy an MAOI?
Last edited by QVC1212; 08-17-2011 at 12:20 AM.                   Reason: Marplan is the only one not found in generic. The rest of MAOI's do have generics.
Page 2 of 2
