Location:Hampshire
Posted 17 February 2011 - 06:54 PM
I have been on Paxil on and off since I was 15/16 (I am 27 now) and i usually end up back on it because nothing else will work as well as the Paxil. To name a few, I had been on Prozac, (fluoxtine), Citalopram, Effexor (venlafaxine). And several others that I can't remember. I always go back to the seroxat bacause it seems to put the all time lows that come with depression to a stop. Or rather it brings it to a livable level.
I should keep a diary really, about my sleep patterns etc to see whether it is the medication or the depression or a mixture. But I can literally, if there is no alarm clock, sleep all day, wake briefly at night to go for the toilet, eat something and then go back to bed. I know when I was at work that during the day I would feel absolutely exhausted, and when I got home (if I hadn't forced myself to the gym) gone straight to bed and slept the night through.
Strangely enough there would be nights when I couldn't sleep, my mind awake. Always drifting back to sleep around 6am when I should be getting up.
I think that depression, depending on the month and level of sunlight and whether the weather is cold, makes us sleep more. And that the seroxat probably during these times does not help as much as when it is sunny. I know that if it is cold outside, dark and raining then the need to sleep will be over whelming. It doesn't help that my room is quite dark, limited sunlight. And that even when it is sunny, if I do not get up, I can lay in bed all day, sleeping. But that if I do get up, eat and have a coffee etc, that I might just be able to stay awake, and gradually make myself do something productive. Although this always seems to take it out of me.
I know that taking caffeine tablets as well sometimes helps, sometimes doesn't. For all the years that I have been taking medication, it does seem a hit and miss thing on a daily basis, even though the medication is taken regularly at night.
As other posts have mentioned (again this is just a noted effect and not suggested for anyone else to try) when I forget to take a tablet or two, the days after I do  seem to "perk up" but that once I have skipped a dose the withdrawal effects start to kick in and I take another tablet so that I don't get the vertigo, nausea and brain zaps which in themselves are highly demotivating.
I don't know if any of the above is helpful? It would be interesting to hear comments?
To summerise, I think that the seroxat does play a role in day time sleepiness. But that, given the bouts of severe depression which inevitably lead to me sleeping all day...it is hard to distinguish between when it is the depression to when it is the tablets.
