Does Tryptophan Really Make One Sleepy?
Mar  1, 2011 | By Lori Newell
Photo Credit thanksgiving dinner image by Richard Amidon III from  Fotolia.com
Tryptophan is an essential amino acid that the body needs to function properly, but it must be obtained through diet because the body does not make it. Tryptophan can be found in many foods and it serves several purposes, including helping the body make chemicals that promote sleep. Since the body needs this amino acid it is not healthy to cut it out completely, and a well balanced diet usually does not contain enough tryptophan to make you sleepy.
Identification
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. The amino acid tryptophan must be present for the body to make niacin and the neurotransmitter serotonin. Serotonin is known to promote sleep and stabilize mood, reports the MedlinePlus website. Eating a big meal of food high in tryptophan may make your sleepy, but it is probably not due to the tryptophan.
Sources
There are many foods that are high in tryptophan, including turkey, milk, cheese, chicken, eggs, fish, nuts, peanut butter, soy products and some seeds. However, according to the Cleveland Clinic, these foods do not contain enough tryptophan to cause drowsiness. Foods containing tryptophan may help to relax the body but they will not induce sleep cycles in the brain. If tryptophan were truly the cause, then all of the above foods would have the same effect.
Considerations
Turkey dinners at Thanksgiving are often blamed for creating sleepiness due to the tryptophan in the turkey. A more likely cause for the drowsiness is the combination of tryptophan and carbohydrate intake, states the National Sleep Foundation. Carbohydrates make tryptophan more available to the brain, which means carbohydrate-heavy meals are the true culprit responsible for making you sleepy. The combination of a protein with a carbohydrate, such as peanut butter on toast or cheese and crackers, is a better way to promote sleep rather than just eating foods high in tryptophan.
Warnings
L-tryptophan is made from plant or animals sources and is sold as an herbal supplement to promote sleep and manage other conditions, but herbal supplements are not regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Taken in high doses L-tryptophan can cause a life-threatening condition called eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome, or EMS, warns the Drugs.com website. Symptoms of too much L-tryptophan include severe muscle pain, weakness, numbness, tingling,  tremors, swelling, skin changes, breathing difficulty and abnormal heartbeat. Herbal supplements can interact with other medications and should only be used under medical supervision.
References
