All comments are moderated, your comment will not appear on the site until it has been approved.
“somnolent sway” and “coitus interruptus” in one article. stunning.
RockMonkey , September 25, 2006 at 1:04 am
>48 percent actually fall asleep during sex.
Fortunately only 12% of English women actually notice.
Missbossy , September 25, 2006 at 6:30 am
Your article makes total sense to me. I frequently find myself awake at two or three in the morning without feeling tired. After masturbation, I find it easier to fall asleep.
Anonymouse , September 25, 2006 at 8:56 am
I wonder why satyriasis is the male equivalent of nymphomania?
yogi , September 25, 2006 at 9:34 am
What you’re missing from a historical, biological standpoint is that the survival of the human species required that the woman get impregnated, not that the man keep a woman to himself. As a result, you need to go back further to a time when young fertile women were part of a hairy, smelly human tribe wandering the earth post-glaciers. The strongest man would have sex with the young woman when she was not menstruating and then he would pass out. At that point, the next strongest man could have a go, and so on. The odds of her becoming impregnated after several men had done their work and passed out were almost a certainty.
That’s how great-grandma saved humanity and that’s why great-grandpa passed out after doing the deed.
Spanky McGoo , September 25, 2006 at 9:36 am
Yes, I totally agree. I can fall asleep after sex in a matter of minutes… So if you have a hard time falling a sleep, try a little sex for a change  ;-)
wolf , September 25, 2006 at 9:52 am
Hi Spanky,
Thanks for your comment. I’m not sure if I agree with you, though — I’ve never been convinced about the idea of group selection. Perhaps I have read too much Dawkins. But I agree, this a possibility that should be considered, and thanks for raising it.
Cheers,
Melinda
Melinda Wenner , September 25, 2006 at 10:11 am
Just a observation boys, if you do it right, we’ll want to go to sleep too.
lj , September 25, 2006 at 12:26 pm
I totally agree lj… I am out about 10 min. afterward, maybe all the men who haven’t figured it out should talk to my boyfriend… :)
Jen , September 25, 2006 at 2:01 pm
Actually there’s also the theory that it’s due to lack of or shallow breathing. Of course I always thought it was rubbish – how much oxygen can one be deprived of after a roll in the hay of the common 2 minute variety?
Paul , September 25, 2006 at 4:08 pm
Spanky, what you are missing is that NOTHING happens for “the survival of the species”. Evolutionary change happens for the survival of individuals’ genes.
I’ll limit myself to just one example for you to think about since otherwise I could end up writing a 3000 word essay. If things happened for the survival of the species wouldn’t the sex ratio of our, and most other species be rather more biased towards more females and less males in order to create more offspring?
I’ll give you bonus points if you can work out why  the actual situation of selection working on individuals’ genes results in a (roughly) 50/50 male-female ratio in most sexually reproducing species.
Alan B , September 25, 2006 at 4:55 pm
thanks to you, i discovered a bad habit in me. generally i dont get sleep then i mastrubate and then i sleep.
i need to come out of this.
but thanks again you gave a better reason to marry.
thanks
rag , September 25, 2006 at 5:13 pm
I have found that though men often go to sleep after sex, many woem go to sleep during sex.
nate zuckerman , September 25, 2006 at 9:15 pm
To me getting women to have sex with me is such an enormous undertaking that Im truly exhausted afterwards.
Roscoe Louie , September 25, 2006 at 11:16 pm
my bf usually lasts 30 min and he still remains awake afterwards :P its me who falls asleep afterwards.
kitty , September 26, 2006 at 8:24 pm
Would you please cite perhaps one research study explain about what you have written?
cornelius siswa , September 27, 2006 at 9:03 am
FYI, oxytocin, is also known as the “cuddle-chemical.” It is released right after orgasm in both males and females and may motivate mates to get cuddly and, in turn, may guide men and women off to dreamland.  Also, oxytocin is released in high amounts immediately after a woman gives birth and during breast-feeding. Human development experts think this may reinforce mother-infant bonding.  And one more thing, people who experience biological love–“limerence”–regularly produce oxytocin from about six months to two years.  This may explain why most relationships last between these times.  Human sexuality experts believe that the relationships that outlast oxytocin production may be the ones made of the good stuff: true love and commitment.
Andrew Klein , September 27, 2006 at 3:23 pm
Hi Cornelius,
Some of the scientific studies I used in my research included these:
Lancel, M. et al. “Intracerebral oxytocin modulates sleep-wake behaviour in male rats.” Regul. Pept. 2003.
Wang, Z. et al. “Neurochemical regulation of pair bonding in male prairie voles.” Physiology & Behavior. 2004.
Forsling ML. “Diurnal rhythms in neurohypophysial function.” Physiol. 2000.
Forsling ML. “The effect of melatonin administration on pituitary hormone secretion in man.” Clin Endocrinol (Oxf). 1999.
Brody S et al. “The post-orgasmic prolactin increase following intercourse is greater than following masturbation and suggests greater satiety.” Biol Psychol. 2006.
Meston, CM et al. “The Neurobiology of Sexual Function.” Arch Gen Psychiatry. 2000.
Liu Y. “Nucleus Accumbens oxytocin and dopamine interact to regulate pair bond formation in female prairie voles.” Neuroscience. 2003.
Melinda , September 27, 2006 at 7:10 pm
Oh yeah, great article!
Andrew Klein , September 27, 2006 at 11:09 pm
Here’s another thought, for the most fulfilling time together as a couple try working in all the things you love at once….just as good old George Costanza once tried….instead of just having sex, bring in the TV and a good meal….everyone gets what they want and by the time its over, everyone is ready for sleep…its a win/win all the way around…HA!!!
Holden McGroin , September 29, 2006 at 10:58 am
Nice work! I saw the note from Dan about how this article had become a minor Web phenomenon (8,000 hits and counting), and now I can see why: good writing, good science, and of course sex. Now I’m going to go take a nap.
Alan Dove , October 2, 2006 at 2:41 pm
Melinda,
I appreciate your article, but I really think you missed an important point.  The point was made by a couple of people in the comments section.  When women have good sex, we pass out!  You mention the chemicals released in men after an orgasm, but I’m curious to know what the levels are in women after a GOOD orgasm.  I realize it’s harder to ‘hit the right spots’ on a woman, but men need to try more, meaning pay attention and practice more.  I think that men are so focused on themselves that they don’t work on giving a woman a good orgasm. We do fall asleep; the better the orgasm, the harder we’ll crash.
hazy , October 12, 2006 at 3:04 pm
Instead of studying rats, which surely has its own appeal, I decided to have sex a couple of times MYSELF, let’s say out of scientific curiosity, and here are the facts that I personally found:
1) men do most of the work
2) men are even more drunk
And both are sufficient to put men earlier asleep.
Any other pressing sex questions out there?
hannes , October 16, 2006 at 12:26 pm
Great Great Great Article.  Also some great comments.  This was exactly the question I raised in a google search, and here is the exact answer I was looking for.  I have sex ALOT.  I’m always fighting sleepyness after.  I don’t want to sleep, especially as sometimes its in the middle of the day, and I’m not ready to give in and nap.  Anyone know what chemicals I can use to fight those released after sex???  Thanks.
ineedunow , December 14, 2006 at 1:44 pm
Look at post number 22 from Hazy! This is very true Hazy…I am a 25 year old, very physical guy who plays soccer and some basketball. My sex is meaningful when I perform well, ie knock the woman out totally, in a good sense though! I love to drive women crazy and have them say or do things they won’t normally do or say. I am always looking for the ‘right spot’ I don’t hesitate to ask…what’s your weakest point/spot! When I perform well, I feel like a man and I believe I win her respect and admiration…she’ll see me different than other guys! Oh speaking of sleep…I dont’ even have enough energy to wear my clothes afterwards!
Dooze , December 19, 2006 at 2:49 pm
I absolutely loved the article.  I actually “stumbled” on to it after a discussion with my boyfriend about the phenomenon, lead to me searching for more information on the web.  He said that I couldn’t possibly feel sleepy after making love, as only guys release the “sleep cocktail”.  As hazy I’m also curious to know how much hormones are released in women.
mk , December 20, 2006 at 3:02 am
I get sleepy and highly tired after sex and equally so after masturbation, so much so that it continues for about 2 to 3 days thereafter, and the same is observed at work by colleagues, which is embarrassing.
I have a question : Is my prolactin levels very very high??
Sunil , December 31, 2006 at 8:42 am
Hi Mel!
I’ve greatly enjoyed your article. I’ll try to catch up also with your references (it’s always nice to read as much as we can our sources).
I wanted to ask you another question, maybe for another of your articles. Why do many women want to remain hugging with their partner after a sexual encounter? I have the impression that women want to remain cuddling for some time while men will tend to fall asleep. I found myself beeing scolded by my girlfriend for falling asleep sometimes although I really don’t wanted to ignore her.  It would be very nice to read about it. Thanks and sorry for my English (I am a latino boy :) )
Rebelde , January 5, 2007 at 4:34 am
Sunil : I have the SAME PROBLEM :(
I feel sleepy and very tired 3 days after orgasm. There are few doctors who really considering that’s a real problem.
I found 2 hypothesis : Post Orgasmic Illness Syndrom or problem with dopamine (or other neurotransmitters) in brain.
U talked about “prolactin levels”. I will search infos about this.
If u have tips, please help. Thank you very much.
Tony , January 19, 2007 at 12:34 pm
what a load of crap i can wank within 5 mins i can then have sex, all u lads who fall asleep are utter ponces, and english lads are not more likely to fall asleep durin sex. if you americans would stop eatin all those fast food meals maybe you could actually perform in bed.
angry english lad. , January 25, 2007 at 11:03 am
“A recent survey of 10,000 English men revealed that 48 percent actually fall asleep during sex.”
A complete lie. I bet you just made that up on the spot.
Andy , January 28, 2007 at 12:35 pm
i know the truth about men falling asleep after sex its because in the stone age when the men was raping as you may call it woman afterwords they would dose or fall asleep and this gave the woman a chance for them to get free
Maz , February 1, 2007 at 5:02 am
All I know is that right after I blow, I’ve lost interest in sex, and I have to force myself to keep interested.  Good to hear that it is biological, but I just wish there was some magic pill that would stop that “chemical cocktail” from releasing in the brain.
David , February 28, 2007 at 12:54 pm
48% of Englishmen fall asleep during sex?? Oh come on – just because we haven’t been given the reputation of having a million mistresses like the French and Spanish, don’t go spouting that sort of rubbish.  It must be so easy to choose the traditional bowler hatted English stereotype to fulfill the humour function.  Don’t forget its the same race of reserved gentlemen who also defeated invasions of hairy axe-wielding Vikings – sort of destroys the image of the sleeping semi-masculine businessmen now doesn’t it?!!!!
Jason , March 5, 2007 at 6:03 pm
i think this whole phenomena could be solved with a mandatory siesta in the afternoon… most people have sex in the evening, after work, after dinner… all three of those factors lead to tiredness ‘without’ the sex!
andy , March 7, 2007 at 7:09 pm
Well 10,000 males ( englishmen ) so thats like
1 in every 2500 fall asleep during sex.
I have heard so many American women complain abiout how totaly useless american guys are sexualy.
so rather than finding ways to try and belittle us English guys…Try looking at ways to improve your guys stamina.
Just a thought, putting someone down will never change how they tick, if you want change , treat them well, compliment them, because both males and females require COMPLIMENTS.
Great post by the way, but i think the little addage about english guys could have been left out.
Krondore , March 11, 2007 at 1:29 pm
I thought that the reason for men falling asleep after sex was that it gave the woman a sporting chance at getting away!  Then maybe, I’ve read too much feminist propaganda.
Jeffy , March 15, 2007 at 4:52 pm
(sigh) it’s obvious, it all depends on your lifestyle and your fitness, if you have a busy lifestyle but are in good shape you will preform better in bed and won’t fall alsleep. If you are the busy type and dont have time to keep your fitness levels up, you maybe fall alsleep due to your busy lifestyle. If you have a busy lifestyle you might not have time to eat healthy which causes you to eat unhealthy food, which can also help the problem of not preforming well in bed.
note to angry english lad: wank within 5 minutes!!?? gee that’s sucks a bit, i would much rather a guy who can orgasm after 30min, then wait another 30min till the “next rond”. Then have someone wank in 5min then go again for another 5 thats no fun(i think other woman would agree.) And you cant say you cant go for 30min or more cos my partner can.
LOL , March 22, 2007 at 3:30 am
So i means that my guy ….got satisfied because just fell asleep each time we had sex…Does it mean as well that women dont ussually reach their orgasm since they dont ussually fell asleep after sex?
tiny , March 27, 2007 at 4:58 am
I believe that!  -> (Side note: prolactin also explains why men are sleepier after intercourse than after masturbation. For unknown reasons, intercourse orgasms release four times more prolactin than masturbatory orgasms, according to a recent study.)
Terry Mulcahy , March 28, 2007 at 11:39 am
Great article. To the person who asked about a way to “fight those [chemicals] released after sex”… dont try to fight it. The extreme sleepy wears off rather quickly (like 10-15 minutes), and after that you should be in a very relaxed and groovy mood. So for those afternoon play times, grab a quick 10 min nap and have her wake you up after she fixes you a bite to eat :)
VixxWater , March 30, 2007 at 3:22 pm
Hey all,
Interesting article. Can anybody help me with the problem of falling asleep/dozing off during foreplay and initiating sex? I fall asleep pretty quickly afterwards, but more worryingly I fall asleep even if I, or my partner, is initiating sex and it’s starting to ruin my relationship with the girl I love. She turns me on heaps, I have no other erection problems…I can last as long as I want…I just always seem bloody tired.
Help! What’s this condition!!
Dozey , April 1, 2007 at 10:13 am
Wanking in the morning helps me to wake up. Any thoughts as to why?
ackullus , April 10, 2007 at 6:00 pm
I suffer of post-ejaculation fatigue too.
For now, we don’t know how to cure.
You can join sexual exhaustion web site for more infos : http://recover.forumup.org/
Jim , April 24, 2007 at 1:38 pm
Hello =-),
Im not entirely sure how active this thread still is, but I found it to be well informed and written, and so thus shall post a query anyhow.
Thus, I was wondering as to the topic of prolactin levels, as I appear to have less than normal.  I myself am a highly sexual creature by nature, and have had at least a bit of experience, noticing two things along the way:
A: From the start, I have no lag time between sessions.. at all.
B: I have on the other hand noticed that when I have a particularly powerful, one in 100 at least, orgasm I will at least have more of an option of becoming  flaccid if all stimulation is stopped (where as normally it takes a while).
Thus, I was wondering if a higher dosage of chemicals are put out due to the severity of orgasm (which could make sense, and may be why some women have been stating that they do feel sleepy if the man has excelled in their recent session), and also partly if my lack of wait might correlate to a lack of satisfaction (not really noticed by me of course, as I have only experienced what it is like to be me), and whether that might impact my drive.
Anyhow, interesting topic, and I would love a response!
Thank you for your time,
=-),
Brandon
Brandon =-) , May 6, 2007 at 1:37 am
Is a resting woman after sex more likely to get pregnant? If so this may explain the evolutionarily reason why men feel sleepy, “That’s right, you cuddle me for ten minutes. while they sperm do their stuff”. If the woman is less sleepy she has a choice of:
1.”You’re my knight in shining armour, I stay and cuddle for a bit and encourage you to stay around”, providing a good father. Woman’s was happy with what she got so stays.
2.”Your brother looks nice, I think I will give him a turn, bye”, giving the sperm competition and the winner a better ‘farther’. Woman was not happy with what she got so risks it for something better.
Sound like a good strategy based on behaviour to me.
HexAttack , May 11, 2007 at 6:45 am
good topic!
but we sleep after sex maybe because;
1)lack of pre exercise.
2)those who exercise gives more(without control)
3)lack of oxygen(two persons breathing at a small distance=high probability of breathing the BREATHED air).
4)if one does sex with many others in a lifetime=feed up and becomes less interested after.
5)lacks vitamins and minerals for the body to self heal for the next round(my first time of a beauty=i run a 15minute timer for seven(7) times.
6)think of sex as making the partner happy=you could do more.
7)specially our eyes=becomes tire and so our body also.
8)for more=ask me at ilovesards@yahoo.com
sards , May 13, 2007 at 4:52 am
is maturebattion bad to helth? if yes then, how it affects? need detail answer. thank you
san , June 20, 2007 at 4:46 am
how to stop thinking about sex?
san , June 20, 2007 at 4:48 am
San—-it appears that masturbation stops the ability to spell.
martyn , June 21, 2007 at 3:53 am
ok people unlike most guys i usually last about 6-8 hours so me and my girlfriend are both out cold
jacob , June 22, 2007 at 4:00 pm
I found it irritating at first, whenever my hubby fell asleep right after sex. coz i come up with all kinds of questions after sex. but now i don’t mind it anymore and i try to go to sleep too. its real hard for me to shut up but i’m trying.
Mad Gal , June 26, 2007 at 4:16 pm
I only fall asleep if I ejaculate, no matter if during intercourse or masturbation. If I stop just short of ejaculation, there is no falling asleep, even if I did lots of push ups, breathe the same un-oxygenated air, move her from the floor to a sofa and then to the bed again (of course, I get tired doing this, but don’t fall asleep).
In my case, things get a little aggravated by the fact that I suffer from sleep aphnea and when I fall asleep, I fALL ASLEEP and SNORE.
Thank you Melinda. It has done a lot of good that I found this forum because now wife understands that is not me being careless about our relation, it’s just nature.
Rafa , August 11, 2007 at 5:01 pm
SEX IS A SAFE SLEEPING PILL….PERIOD!!!! ONE THAT YOU CAN NEVER OVER DOSE ON SO SLEEP AWAY
anonymous , October 1, 2007 at 5:06 pm
i agree with whoever said, “if he does the job right, then she’d be asleep soon after” (her third orgasm…) and anyway, after he’s “performed” for an hour or longer, he deserves a good nap! nothing wrong with that as long as you sleep cuddling ‘braid’ style, as i call it. good sex with a partner you love and respect is the best gift the universe can give two people!
may you be as fortunate as to find someone you connect with so well!
it was fun reading the article AND people’s feedback!
in good health, Peace to All ~happy~
K M McElroy , October 5, 2007 at 8:11 am
any way the ‘name’ on #55 be changed to happy? not fair!
happy , October 5, 2007 at 8:14 am
i have a boyfriend named sebastian
onkita , October 14, 2007 at 7:46 pm
Some interesting stuff here, some quite thought provoking, but with regard to the UK survey of 10,000 men you should either name the survey/source or retract this insulting unsuported comment that denigrates your article.
Common Sense , October 15, 2007 at 2:12 am
Heya guys and girls, I totally agree with all the chemical reactions happening to make a guy all sleepy, I also agree with the “work” that’s put in from a guy (or at least me) – Aussie girls a blabber mouths so we guys here like to keep it up and keep it going and learn heaps about pleasing girls so we don’t get a bad name. So if that means 3 half hour sessions with plenty of foreplay and no naps in between, then all up both parties need some rest hey? After my trips to the UK and America, I can safely say as a 23 year old fit Aussie guy that girls aren’t hard to please the world over if you do some research and practice, practice and practice = )
brendan.hinds@gmail.com – http://www.myspace.com/longevity99
AussieBoy , October 28, 2007 at 10:35 am
For those who want to know the source of the statistic about English men falling asleep during sex:
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/health/menshealth.html?in_article_id=338126&in_page_id=1800&in_a_source=
Melinda , December 23, 2007 at 1:20 am
For those who have an abnormal fatigue during 2 to 3 days after sex (and different symptoms, pale face, sweats, lack of concentration…), you can join this thread :
Tony , January 1, 2008 at 5:33 pm
miryam love sex very much from lebanon
miryam , January 10, 2008 at 10:16 am
miryam from lebanon love sex veryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy much
miryam , January 10, 2008 at 10:18 am
THERE IS GOOD NEWS FOR US MEN, I JUST GOT DONE (DOING IT ) AND IM A VICTIM OF THE SLEEPINESS THING TOO BUT IF YOU JUST GET UP RIGHT AWAY AND START DOING SOMETHING IT WILL GO AWAY!! FOR EXAMPLE I DECIDED TO GET UP AND ASK THE QUESTION (WHY DO MEN FALL ASLEEP AFTER SEX) AND 15 MINUTES LATER IM WIDE AWAKE TYPING THIS!! DAMN I SHOULD GO WAKE MY WIFE UP !!LOL
STEVE A , January 18, 2008 at 3:47 am
“somnolent sway” and “coitus interruptus” in one article. stunning
^
Dan , January 19, 2008 at 9:23 pm
you know… if you do it right, the girl falls asleep right after too ;)
Chris , January 25, 2008 at 3:36 pm
Well… this article truly shows how hard it is to please women these days, so why bother?
After you spend time, money, and energy getting them into bed… they bitch about you falling asleep afterwards. I thought it was just me…!
You’d think they would be used to it by now, and it’s perfectly normal ~ which is exactly what this article says.
From now on, I’m going to make it a policy to do even less… after orgasm, I think I’ll whisper in her ear, “Gotta go, babe… Pizza Palace said my order would be ready by now… see ya later!”
Men… We’ve got the balls…they don’t. If they don’t like us falling asleep after sex, just get up and leave. You have to go pee, don’t you? Flush your plumbing, leave, and go someplace else. Make any excuse to go. Leave them all by themselves, and after a while, they may appreciate it when we occasionally fall asleep in bed with them.
Right-Brained Redneck , January 26, 2008 at 9:28 am
we  men don’t have to fall asleep after and alot of times don’t ! but when i’m comfortable and feeling her in my arms, there is nothing better !!! that’s where i want to be and nodding off there is perfect!!!
frank , January 28, 2008 at 11:57 pm
Good topic
my husband has this problem, whenever i complain of not being satisfied he coild always say i am tired and get asleep while we have sex. Sex issues are important as a couple to be discussed.
mercia , February 6, 2008 at 6:12 am
Why does it really matter that a guy falls asleep afterwards? You have to be quite petty/insecure to get worked up about such a trivial matter, in my opinion.
Great article, enjoyed reading it, and the comments. =D
Ben , February 12, 2008 at 5:45 pm
Stupid article.  Even cursory research on this subject will show that the reason men become sleepy after ejaculation is a sudden loss of blood pressure.
Everything mentioned in this article does not account for the sheer rapidness of the sleepiness.  Loss of blood pressure does.
When a man is having (good) sex, his heart beats over 100 times a second.  Once he ejaculates, his brain says, “holy crap, I can’t keep this heart rate up for long, I’ll have a heart attack!” So the heart suddenly slows down.  This quickly and greatly reduces the blood pressure and the brain reacts by putting the body in sleep mode.
It’s not rocket science.
Dave , February 14, 2008 at 2:28 pm
In response to Dave’s comment: it is not possible for a human heart to beat 100 times per second. A hummingbird’s heart only beats 20 to 50 times a second, so I will assume that’s a typo and you meant to say 100 times per *minute*.
100 heartbeats per minute is normal heartrate for both male and female adults. In fact, I just took my blood pressure now, sitting in front of the computer, and it’s at a hundred. As for acceleration during sex, the heart doesn’t usually reach past 130 beats per minute during orgasm … that for both men *and* women. You can get your heartrate that high just by running on a treadmill. That alone is not condusive to falling asleep … people don’t typically drop off to sleep at the gym.
Melinda’s article explores not why sex makes people tired (that much is obvious as you stated) but specifically why men seem to fall asleep *more quickly* than women susually do. I found her article to be interesting and informative, and respect that she cited several possible suggestions and sources while committing personally to none.
Nikita , February 18, 2008 at 7:52 pm
Dave’s right. It’s the rapid loss of blood pressure. Google it.
Turner27 , February 22, 2008 at 4:11 pm
well its out of the topic but im just wondering if “Is a woman still virgin after having masturbation like rubbing pillows to trigger sensation enable her to feel wet”
mirmo , February 29, 2008 at 5:02 am
You’re ignorant.
Bob Hoskins , February 29, 2008 at 7:21 pm
Well, needless to say this is a rather interesting article; however, you forgot to mention one thing.  The reason most women cannot fall asleep quickly – weather after sex or not- is that they have a difficult time turning off the flow of new thoughts.  Men are not so.  I can personally fall asleep anytime, anywhere.  Now, after sex, that’s a different story.  I prefer to remain awake after sex.  There is the occasional time where I will get sleepy, but generally it’s after a long and tiresome day.  Also, I’ve decided that I have a Prolactin deficiency, because my recovery time is generally 10 – 15 minutes maximum.  But, all in all, it was a very informative article and rather well written I must add.
Blood pressure is a very plausible explanation for the phenomenon of post-sex drowsiness; however, I don’t think the “evolutionary” process of man had anything to do with it.  I don’t know… Maybe it’s just me, but I don’t see the Neanderthal men and women just haphazardly fornicating and then men dropping like flies and the next wave of men steps up to the challenge.  If this were true then there would be some remnant of it both in our culture and in our subconscious.
To be perfectly honest, what does it matter.  I hope women don’t take a man falling asleep as an insult.  It is the exact opposite, in fact.  A man falls asleep because it is the only thing he can do after the pure euphoria of an intercourse orgasm.  He is satiated on many levels, not just physically.  A partnered orgasm leaves you satisfied emotionally, mentally, spiritually, and physically.  When all four facets of human nature are satisfied, the only logical response is – Sigh – a good night’s sleep.
I’ll be through, for now; however, before I leave I would like to propose another question.  Why do I feel the urge to burst into laughter after an exceptionally satisfying “romp in the sack”?
Thanks for all your hard work.
PS… Mirmo is ignorant!!
~Michael
Michael , March 4, 2008 at 9:16 pm
it says in the article that men seem sleepier after masturbation rather than intercourse with a partner. but i find that its the opposite for myself. is there any reason for this?
cognito , March 5, 2008 at 2:12 pm
whats it means a man get sick after sex? I get rlly sick right after I cum, I throw up etc. Does any one know what that mean??
Steve , March 5, 2008 at 7:04 pm
I get sick after having sex, I actly throw up. does anyone know what it means?
Steve , March 5, 2008 at 7:07 pm
Uh, steve… It means your gay!!
Michael , March 9, 2008 at 7:59 pm
Steve, i think it means your BMI is very very high :p
Ollie , March 16, 2008 at 7:24 pm
Has anyone tried working out after orgasm? Gets the heart pumping, and increases energy levels, combine this with a protein bar, ready for more? I have done this, you get tired but it’s similar to food coma, you can fight it.
As for women not being tired, maybe cause they just lay there? Men die earlier cause they do everything, all the work is on the men. If you want your man to find the good spots then YOU need to know where they are.
Mr. Dilly Dally , March 19, 2008 at 2:18 pm
LOL…sheesh awesome article!!! SEX is like Maccas- MMMM  I’m Lovin’ It!
Grimsheep , April 13, 2008 at 10:40 am
As long as a woman is educated that this has nothing to do with how you feel about them, then there should be no problem here.
Woman are always going to be upset about something, I have taken this to be way of the world.
As long as you handle them appropriately in an manor that shows that you care there you will be fine.
If they still cant deal with this then too bad for them maybe men should start complaining because women menstruate?
tony gze , April 20, 2008 at 1:56 am
Love how all the Englishmen jump in calling it all lies and rubbish! How would you know? Do you discuss your sex life with every other Englishman you see on the street? I’m pretty sure someone who took the time to research all that, enough that even you took a gander, has her facts straight. She wasn’t saying Americans are better at sex she was just citing a research study. It’s funny how you resort to calling Americans fat and “ponces” (an insult most Americans don’t get/couldn’t care less about) to defend yourselves. Makes you sound all the more like the picture perfect top hat toting sexually incompetent Englishman dweeb.
Richard , May 9, 2008 at 4:58 pm
a great article
i actually find it really comforting when my boyfriend falls asleep with me afterwards (:
joann , May 10, 2008 at 11:19 am
yup i just had sex and i felt sleepy and i woundered why i always do. this artical answerd my question!
andrew , May 15, 2008 at 4:33 pm
Another good reason for sex in the morning *after* a good night’s sleep.
JME , May 16, 2008 at 3:46 pm
After the first time I have sex I can’t get hard, atleast not for 40 or so minutes, a few months ago i had no problem getting hard in 15 mins. Is there a diet issue or something?
someone , May 28, 2008 at 5:59 pm
I think the last throw away comment about English men is misleading. First, the author seems to be quoting a Daily Mail article that quotes the results of a questionnaire handed out at a trade show: hardly published article in a respected peer reviewed journal. Second, the author seems to have deliberately mislead the audience by implicating that 48 percent of men fall asleep during sex on a regualar basis where as in the Daily Mail article: “The survey found 48 per cent of men had actually fallen asleep during the act itself”. Obviously, the meaning is very different.
It is a real shame that the comment was made at the end of this article as it puts into question the validity of the whole article. If the level of journalism, not to mention science writing, is below that of the Daily Mail then the author should really consider improving her skills before considering a career in science and/or journalism.
Billy , June 8, 2008 at 10:20 am
My boyfriend occasionally falls asleep during initiation, mostly because he refuses to go to bed until he is knackered, but if we have sex in the morning, he lies with me for 5 minutes telling me how much he loves me etc, then gets straight up to sort himself out. Whereas I’m knackered and stay in bed for another half hour to an hour.
I wonder why this is…
Aylusia , June 10, 2008 at 10:19 am
Well said Billy .
Good example of why you shouldn’t believing everything you read – especially considering the lack of editorial censorship on the net .. not to mention the high volume of armchair experts out there..
neil , June 15, 2008 at 10:57 am
Good grief, 93 answers and not a single urologist?  See Simmons and Jones, “Male Genital Morphology and Function: An Evolutionary Perspective,” J. Urology, 177, 1625-1631 (2007). “… males with favorable genital traits have higher paternal success.” Besides maximizing volume of ejaculate reaching the os, the male’s other main goal is to fight off sperm from competing males.  The “massive piston” of primates, combined with a long time to ejaculation, serves to pump out the sperm of the preceding partners, while greater length deposits the sperm closer to the os for greater efficiency (tradeoff: a too-long penis is hard to keep rigid, and also more vulnerable to accidents like stepping on it).  Drowsiness afterwards (i) plugs the vagina to prevent sperm loss (species needing a quick getaway deposit instead a very gelatinous ejaculate serving the same purpose), (ii) prevents the female standing and losing sperm, and (iii) holds off the competition (the “leaves” in the “eats, roots, shoots, and leaves” strategy is suboptimal).
Ronaldo , June 17, 2008 at 4:21 am
After sex I tend to want to leave. I’m pretty sure it’s referred as “hit it and quit it”
Pedro , June 23, 2008 at 11:55 pm
You state, “Research shows that during ejaculation, men release a cocktail of brain chemicals.” Which chemical(s) contribute to the lowering of blood pressure?
David , June 27, 2008 at 7:07 pm
haha they said masterbation!!!!  :o
nmiosdhfkj , June 30, 2008 at 7:02 pm
you all are right me and my boyfriend did it but when we were finished he snored like a pig and i woke him up because i wanted more that shit felt good and it really was good he loved it to and i humped that bitch until he could not take nomore.when i was finished we both went to sleep
dernnisha , July 16, 2008 at 12:51 pm
well… i actually got here because i was looking for an explanation why it’s my girl that’s so sleepy after. i tried to sleep with her but she just dozes off too long that my head and back starts to ache from staying too long in bed.
synonymous , July 25, 2008 at 1:46 am
**Points to 91.**
“The survey found 48 per cent of men had actually fallen asleep during the act itself.”
note: HAD
el jefe , August 6, 2008 at 2:08 pm
I have a question. I am a male. During sex, and after sex I feel great (as we all should),but after a few hours afterwards I start to wheeze and have trouble breathing. It’s as if the orgasm has given me asthma. Has anyone ever had this problem of know soeone who has. What could cause this?
Ron Rizzo , September 4, 2008 at 4:33 pm
I think its all about peace of mind
Wilfred , September 12, 2008 at 5:06 am
I completely agree with Common Sense, your article has been completely degraded with a small comment, are you not aware that English people read on this site?
Before you write a comment like that again, remember from which tree you Americans were grown, with idiotic comments like that, im glad i am on this side of the Atlantic…
If you want to talk surveys, then in a survey conducted throughout North America, 31% of Americans believe “emotional intimacy” is what American men want most in a romantic liaison i.e. holding hands.
You can rip us English about falling asleep during sex, but sleeping half way through sex is better than instead going in the park and “holding hands”, my opinion of course
really cannot believe that, what a typical American comment
other than that, twas a good article and you certainly answered my question
Chris
Chris UK , September 17, 2008 at 7:48 pm
Feels good, man.
Nineball , September 18, 2008 at 2:25 am
Can l ask a question?l’ts quite bad but how do l can suck my boyfriend’s lollipop?l would like to do that because everytime we have sex l’m quite bored l want to do something erotic
clara , September 19, 2008 at 5:00 pm
can someone give me good tips about how to make my girlfriend accept my invitation to have sex with me ?We have sex 3 times already but l want more!!!!
harvey , September 19, 2008 at 5:02 pm
This article is true for me because my girlfriend complains bec. when we are having sex l always fall asleep at the middle of sex but l try my best not to sleep so that the longer the sex the more l want it.She said that maybe nextweek we will have another sex twice in a row if l will not sleep during our sex.
john , September 19, 2008 at 5:06 pm
To tell everyone the truth since l was 14 l was having sex with my boyfriends when l was 14 until now l almost got 11 boyfriends.all of them were sleepy when we have our first round then after we sleep thay will wake me up then we will go again then we will go to the bathroom and bath together then we go to our own houses.
blondgirl022 , September 19, 2008 at 5:17 pm
me and my friend(not my boyfriend!but we still do have sex but were not boyfriends and girlfriends)love sex we fall asleep then we have intercourse were both addicted to that thing all people think we are just friends
frisha , September 19, 2008 at 5:22 pm
l’m sorry l just hate sex the first time l tried it,it felt really awesome then after a day l felt very sick.
antisex , September 19, 2008 at 5:38 pm
Guys… this article is very old… you can stop replying to it.
Also: Lawl @ the English guys. Are you insecure or something? I took it as a joke and it did not make me question the validity of the article.
Stop finding stuff to cry about. I don’t get angry when I see “studies” about Americans.
Mark , September 23, 2008 at 12:29 am
What do you meen by “studies”
swampmaster2 , September 24, 2008 at 5:36 pm
english and americans….two shades of the same shit!
schottland uber alles , October 21, 2008 at 3:41 pm
Although the article posted here is both well written and on a great subject, it does well to formulate a great response from all readers.
I read about Prolactin in a recent edition of Mens Health which lead me to reaserch this “normal phenonomon” further.
australian guy , October 29, 2008 at 6:07 pm
The comments here were a great laugh! I had fun.
With most prejudice comes some truth, I don’t take any poll results too seriously, but having had an English boyfriend, the one cited here made me giggle :D He did not fall asleep during sex, but he definitely took a lot longer than any guy I’ve ever met* to recharge! It was quite confusing for me :S
*Exaggeration, I don’t have sex with every guy I meet, but I talk about this kind of thing with my friends.
Some of the unrelated comments here really make me worry.
My buddy sent me this link because of this line, “in order for a person to reach orgasm, a primary requirement is to let go of “all fear and anxiety.””. I can definitely never do that, and I’ve never had an orgasm. However I have become close, and can reach something I think is similar to an orgasm. I feel an odd sense of sadness when I read about other people’s sexual issues sometimes, perhaps I assume that their issues with “good” or “bad” (or tiring or not) sex are as subconsciously affected by their emotions as mine.
“What emotions? Sex doesn’t have emotions!” …Yeah, never mind.
What troubles me a lot is that it seems like plenty of people are screwing others in a serious relationship, except they’re too afraid to be totally open and honest with that person. Not specifically targeted to this site, it was just a reminder.
Pardon my rambling about potentially unrelated issues. I suffer boredom…
Ljufa , November 9, 2008 at 7:27 pm
im a guy and a lot of time the women i sleep with never wants to go for a round 2 because their tired from me giving the pipe to them so good. They always fall asleep before me and im up wanting more sex. So thats a myth that all men fall asleep after sex!
AD , November 12, 2008 at 3:18 am
Hazy—-yeah i see where your comingfrom but the women could also just switch postions. like get on top so she controls where the penis hits.
brock , November 16, 2008 at 9:40 am
OK  IDK U PEOPLE BUT EVERY TIME I HAVE SEX WITH MY GIRLFREIND WE HAVE A GOOD TIME SO  GUES WAT WE DO IT AND WE HAVE FUN EVERY TIME MAN I MEAN ALOT AND I DOO NOT GO TO SLEEP SO U GUYS R QUEIRS LOL
ANGEL , November 30, 2008 at 1:48 am
okay, im a big dude.. 6’5″, 304 lbs.
45-60 minutes of layin the smackdown gets me tired as fuck. so i grab a little meal, and im recharged. simple as that.
David , January 2, 2009 at 12:57 pm
I think it’s funny how men believe they do most of the work and how they truly believe this to be the case. Here is what I have found in my own research:
#1) If I am not completely satisfied or do not orgasm then I am left sexually frustrated after sex and cannot go to sleep. This is caused from the stress build up wanting to be released and unable to.
#2) If I orgasm really well, falling asleep is a must. My whole body goes numb and its hard to move…nothing a good nap can’t handle.
#3) If I orgasm slightly then I have lots of energy and why waste the energy laying in bed.
Men are just the weaker, lazier sex.
just checking out the comments , January 10, 2009 at 4:07 pm
its litlle bit funny bout the question, but i just agree that after having orgasm, sleep are easier .. :)
khiang , January 11, 2009 at 10:23 am
I’m 26 years old male. Never had a girlfriend. I’m a geek, and I masturbate once, or twice every single day.
the me , February 8, 2009 at 4:15 pm
what’s the big deal about men falling asleep after sex. the more important thing is whether he gives you good sex. moreover after many years of marriage and as one ages and not so fit, sex can be quite challenging. so, young ladies, enjoy yourself to the fullest now and don’t kick such a fuss about your men falling asleep. better than they falling dead earlier and having no one to have sex with you. get real and have fun while it lasts.
jade , March 7, 2009 at 7:01 am
Quite indubitably
Jojo with my mojo , March 13, 2009 at 6:05 pm
ok me and my girlfriend has sex earlier today and afterwards i fell asleep…when i woke up she told me she started throwing up after we got done..does anybody know wat might have caused that?
Russell , March 19, 2009 at 9:00 pm
Did you pull off in her mouth? if so, get yourself tested
Chris UK , April 8, 2009 at 7:41 pm
The “idiot” woman who left comment number 120 is a COMPLETE jackass!!  Yeah, men actually “DO” most of the work!  What the hell do women do?  Lie there and complain about everything her man is doing?  And where did this “stupidity” come from that it’s the “man’s responsibility” to GIVE women an orgasm?  We can’t GIVE you an orgasm you moron!!! We can only HELP you have one!!  So if you don’t have one, it’s NOT our responsibility.  Women and their “constant” complaining MAKE ME SICK!!  Shut the hell up!!  Or have sex by yourself since you’re so good at it!!!
Dee in U.S. , April 9, 2009 at 8:32 am
For people asking why this article is published.. Maybe lots of reasons but alot of us men and women are looking for facts of sex before a workout or fight, etc….
So, sex before working out is bad lol.
Boxer , May 11, 2009 at 10:17 pm
I found this article interesting but was truly entertained by the comments of angry and obviously sexually insecure Englishmen who were so flustered by it.  Its hard for me to even imagine anyone being so enraged by such a foolish thing.
As I am from New England and would like to believe that the brave men and women who settled this land weren’t a bunch of absurdly insecure hotheads, I’ll assume that you’re not representative of your countrymen.
I mean really?  REALLY??  People who take offense to something that ridiculous are ridiculous themselves.  Stop being an embarrassment to yourselves and your country… or keep going… it is quite comical after all.
englishmenlol , May 11, 2009 at 11:36 pm
I will be active and wide awake but once I rub one out, my eye lids get heavy and I start to slow down. If I lean back and close my eyes, I would probably be asleep within less than a minute.
Marcus Doyle , May 19, 2009 at 10:00 am
great read, comments and all.  the whole brain chemistry after and during orgasm seems to be the meaning of life.  understanding what we feel is more of a mystery.  the prolactin, elsewhere i’ve read it’s the bonding chemical and that it’s the ‘done here, get up and go’ chemical.  here i read it’s the sexual satisfaction chem which could mean either one.  wondering which it is.  guess it  may depend on what satisfies a guy, bonding or getting up and going!
regardless it’s strange that after sex there is the bonding feelings and the get up and go feelings.  perhaps i have a bit more reading to do.  on this search i also found an article on tantra, suggesting that sex without male orgasm is the secret to everlasting love.  possible.  seems like something would be lacking though..
personally, i like to sleep right after sex because there is nothing else in life to want to be awake for, and because anything she wants to talk about will make me want to leave.  true.
curios , May 21, 2009 at 5:20 am
OK, just a quick one. I’ve gone for a while before and yes I do feel quite tired afterwards, and find that some of the girls I’ve been with are quite tired too, and both of us to go to sleep. I’ll also say its not an impossible tired, and if I just chat too, then I can wake up again, and do ALL the chatting they want. I read somewhere that sex tends to make guys want to sleep, and girls want to bond. So I just stay up for their sake. Also a good chance to show your a bit different to other guys that might just fall asleep instantly.
Also, regards to guys doing more work, whether I have done more work or not, I’m still well tired. I remember one girl was pretty much always on top and she never seemed as tired as I was. It’s not an exercise tired…it’s just the tired that you want to sleep. e.g. A 400m sprint won’t make you want to go to bed will it?
On another note, I’m English too. The last comment was a bit bit off hand, but yeah, it just shows how imprecise the English language can be. Artistic licence, used too much.
Dave , May 25, 2009 at 6:16 am
I need medical advice. I usually fall sick after having sex with my wife. My whole body will become disorganized, depression, producivity decline, etc even if doing it once a month. What is the likely cause and possible solution to this malady?
malachy , June 5, 2009 at 10:37 am
im a guy and the same thing happens to me. when im giving my man a hard one up the anus it gets really tiring and all you wana do is lie on top of him and fall asleep before he gets up and does you from the back. i love him lol.
horny gay boy , June 7, 2009 at 1:40 pm
You may have the post-orgasmic illness syndrome (POIS).
Tony , June 10, 2009 at 3:27 am
Im i guy and i admit i ALWAYS fall asleep right after… Even when i was a kid i’d masturbate and id fall asleep right when im done with my pants down, of course my mom walked in… But i don’t know why it happens
maybe all the extra blood that goes to the penis makes you idk , light headed and tired
keith , June 12, 2009 at 8:17 pm
I get the urge to pick my nose during sex and I cannot seem to fight it.  Is that normal?
Marvinsky , June 18, 2009 at 7:16 pm
This article interested me because after I masturbate I feel very tired like most guys will understand that sudden loss of energy leaving your body and the tiredness lasts the whole day afterwards for me a debilitating tired it is quite offensive to me. My interest in the article was to discover this nasty effect of sex I do not believe in evolution so that makes no sense to me it is casuistry to me. Aside from that, loss of energy to me is not healthy. As far as the cuddling and deep emotional attachment feelings that is very well sounding as far a I am concerened. I hate the energy loss. I want to fight it. I highly admire those guys that can go for allegedly a very long time I wish that was the case for me. How is it that you guys can last so long? Is it true or are you lying? The only problem with that is that doesn’t the guy get bored? I don’t know.Perhaps not. I would opt to be one of those guys. Also, how much of that can a girl really take before she has no vagina left? Anyhow that really does not interest me that much except for the energy loss part. That is why we are not continually having sex because we know it is seriously going to mess us up. Does anybody know what you can do about the corresponding energy loss?
John , July 8, 2009 at 9:52 pm
I really liked your article, and I think its very important for women to understand the male nature after sex, cause this will increase the love between the two partners.
Lul , July 11, 2009 at 9:43 am
As a guy, I believe we can go to sleep not only because of hormones and what not, but the sense of “mission accomplished” for the day.
Joe , July 15, 2009 at 5:16 pm
this is really the great study made about post sex habits of human race . we feel sleepy after sex and even on the next day also ….. but after about 15 hours i become normal…… and i have done some experiments with me to get fast recovery also…. what i do is this that i take a sleep break on the next day afternoon.. then take bath … then i recover a lot and feel again fit..
shashi paul , July 16, 2009 at 5:18 am
if the girls hot enough ill be up for a another go right after YA SMELL ME?
flo t33zy , July 16, 2009 at 11:41 pm
boys all i will say is we hav to make sure we put dem to sleep cus ..tink of it …it less time to fight…wen dey bitchin crack dem hard make dem sleepy an no stress wat so eva…………………word!
salts , July 29, 2009 at 5:01 am
That last paragraph was about as stupid as they get. Men do not fall asleep during sex. The fact that the author believes this is likely in the slightest makes me believe that she has never had sex.
That “men fall asleep because women don’t turn into pizzas” line just doesn’t make any sense. So men are hungry after they have sex? No. Not particularly. By the way, that “PET research” sounds dubious at best. A brain scan does not tell you exactly how you are feeling, nor whether your emotions have anything to do with your current state of being.
Hollerache , August 4, 2009 at 1:30 pm
It’s 2009. It’s 0500 in the morning, and all I’ve done is read these comments top to bottom. Every word. Because I can’t sleep. And I’m 22. And fat. I guess I’m one with all those suggesting that something as insignificant as this shouldn’t matter in a serious relationship. I’m also all for those seriously inclined to the scientific development of the idea of men’s likelihood of falling asleep… bUt s3riously y’all, the doods with ThEM spell ErroRs serIOUSLY made MA NIGHT. A lol, a lol a lol-a-lol-a-lol. Describing your male bravado on a forum? Nice work.
System3142 , August 20, 2009 at 8:11 pm
Hum,
Well with my wife I try normally to go to sleep before sex. With my mistress, who I only see every few months, I can’t stay awake enough.
Tom Jones , August 21, 2009 at 9:56 am
I have read all the comments, but there is only one side of the coin,I can see, nobody has told any reason for the reverse effect i.e my women get asleep immediately after sex and i feel normal not much exhausted, would anybody help me to find the reason for that or suggest me weather it’s a natural thing or there is any problem with us.
srinivas , September 1, 2009 at 6:51 am
Sweet article!
Jake , September 6, 2009 at 1:18 pm
Hi Srinivas, may be you need to make it more interesting….
Kiran , September 26, 2009 at 6:25 am
One evolutionary reason for sleeping after sex may have to do with the enormous amount of stress that males are under in the pre-sex period.  I’m not talking about modern humans, but if you look at male animals in the wild, the pre-sex period is often taking up with a prolonged period of high stress, high activity, during which they expend a lot of energy in trying to attract a mate and also fight off other males.  Look at herd animals: the rutting process to dominate other males prior to actually being able to mate with a female is extremely taxing.  Many males during this period go without sleep, food and rest, while also expending much more energy than they would usually use.
Similarly, territorial hunting animals will have to range across a very large distance, into other territories, with very little rest in order to find a female to mate with.
Once the mating is done, the immediate need to dominate other males and attract a mate is somewhat over, so an “enforced” sleep to recover expended energy seems like a good idea.
Perhaps the need for human males to sleep after sex relates in some way to that part of our past in which males of our species also had to expend a lot of energy to ensure they could mate with females.
ElTorqiro , October 9, 2009 at 1:02 pm
Why do we make assumptions about what is best evolutionarily instead of looking at what exists and then trying to figure out evolution?
The evolutionary explanation is simple.  Once a male human being has had sex, it is better for him to stay and bond with the woman than to sleep with another woman.  Male humans are not fish.  If men want their offspring to survive, they have to stick around.  They also have to keep their woman from having sex with someone else.  Having sex with a woman who is not your mate is not that advantageous, especially when you throw in the risk that your own mate will cheat while you are off somewhere else.  So going to sleep with your mate is a great response from an evolutionary point of view for HUMAN males.
Black Iris , October 30, 2009 at 9:22 am
Nowhere in the article, or in the many comments that followed it (that I could see), did anyone address one of the main differences between men and women when they have sex that could contribute significantly to an increase sense of fatigue in the men after orgasm… sperm. When men orgasm they produce many millions of sperm that are pumped out, this is something that females *do not* do. The chemicals that are released during orgasm and the sense of fatigue that go with it may be the body’s way of telling the man to rest so it can redirect much needed energy into replacing those millions of sperm. I recall seeing a study a long time ago that said it was not the orgasm that caused the release of the chemical cocktail in men, but the release of sperm (they happen at the same time, but they are separate) and that if men did not ejaculate, they – like women – could continue having sex many times (and should be capable of multiple orgasms).
>>“Just a observation boys, if you do it right, we’ll want to go to sleep too.
lj, September 25, 2006 at 12:26 pm”<>“I’ll limit myself to just one example for you to think about since otherwise I could end up writing a 3000 word essay. If things happened for the survival of the species wouldn’t the sex ratio of our, and most other species be rather more biased towards more females and less males in order to create more offspring?
Alan B, September 25, 2006 at 4:55 pm”<>“Melinda,I appreciate your article, but I really think you missed an important point. The point was made by a couple of people in the comments section. When women have good sex, we pass out! You mention the chemicals released in men after an orgasm, but I’m curious to know what the levels are in women after a GOOD orgasm. I realize it’s harder to ‘hit the right spots’ on a woman, but men need to try more, meaning pay attention and practice more. I think that men are so focused on themselves that they don’t work on giving a woman a good orgasm. We do fall asleep; the better the orgasm, the harder we’ll crash.
hazy, October 12, 2006 at 3:04 pm”<>“i know the truth about men falling asleep after sex its because in the stone age when the men was raping as you may call it woman afterwords they would dose or fall asleep and this gave the woman a chance for them to get free
Maz, February 1, 2007 at 5:02 am”<>“For those who want to know the source of the statistic about English men falling asleep during sex: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/health/menshealth.html?in_article_id=338126&in_page_id=1800&in_a_source=
Melinda, December 23, 2007 at 1:20 am”<>“Love how all the Englishmen jump in calling it all lies and rubbish! How would you know? Do you discuss your sex life with every other Englishman you see on the street? I’m pretty sure someone who took the time to research all that, enough that even you took a gander, has her facts straight. She wasn’t saying Americans are better at sex she was just citing a research study. It’s funny how you resort to calling Americans fat and “ponces” (an insult most Americans don’t get/couldn’t care less about) to defend yourselves. Makes you sound all the more like the picture perfect top hat toting sexually incompetent Englishman dweeb.
Richard, May 9, 2008 at 4:58 pm”<>“I’m 26 years old male. Never had a girlfriend. I’m a geek, and I masturbate once, or twice every single day.
the me, February 8, 2009 at 4:15 pm”<>“Describing your male bravado on a forum? Nice work.
System3142, August 20, 2009 at 8:11 pm”<<
It was one post and there have been a dozen replies already. The guy was an idiot. Let it go.
Petra , November 5, 2009 at 1:05 am
Sorry, first post didn’t work properly, I’ll try again…
Nowhere in the article, or in the many comments that followed it (that I could see), did anyone address one of the main differences between men and women when they have sex that could contribute significantly to an increase sense of fatigue in the men after orgasm… sperm. When men orgasm they produce many millions of sperm that are pumped out, this is something that females *do not* do. The chemicals that are released during orgasm and the sense of fatigue that go with it may be the body’s way of telling the man to rest so it can redirect much needed energy into replacing those millions of sperm. I recall seeing a study a long time ago that said it was not the orgasm that caused the release of the chemical cocktail in men, but the release of sperm (they happen at the same time, but they are separate) and that if men did not ejaculate, they – like women – could continue having sex many times (and should be capable of multiple orgasms).
“Just a observation boys, if you do it right, we’ll want to go to sleep too.
lj, September 25, 2006 at 12:26 pm”
And what is “right”? What’s right for one woman won’t work for another.
“I’ll limit myself to just one example for you to think about since otherwise I could end up writing a 3000 word essay. If things happened for the survival of the species wouldn’t the sex ratio of our, and most other species be rather more biased towards more females and less males in order to create more offspring?
Alan B, September 25, 2006 at 4:55 pm”
No, not when the females are needed to tend to our very slow developing young. The ratio of men and women should be roughly similar so the men can protect and provide for the women and young. The need for equal males would not exist were there no threats to females or the young from things like: other ‘tribes’; disease; animals; the elements, etc. The fewer men there are, the fewer women and children they can provide for or protect.
“Melinda,I appreciate your article, but I really think you missed an important point. The point was made by a couple of people in the comments section. When women have good sex, we pass out! You mention the chemicals released in men after an orgasm, but I’m curious to know what the levels are in women after a GOOD orgasm. I realize it’s harder to ‘hit the right spots’ on a woman, but men need to try more, meaning pay attention and practice more. I think that men are so focused on themselves that they don’t work on giving a woman a good orgasm. We do fall asleep; the better the orgasm, the harder we’ll crash.
hazy, October 12, 2006 at 3:04 pm”
First; orgasms do not occur in half measures – you either have one or you don’t. There is no ‘good’ or ‘bad’. Second; few women ‘pass out’ after sex, all you’re doing is heightening your expectations to unachievable levels, and then expressing disappointment that you don’t get that all the time.
Finally; men do not need to ‘try more’. Women have a much easier time satisfying men than men do satisfying women. Women vary a great deal. If you know you take a long time to orgasm, then you should start arousing yourself much earlier so you’ll be closer to orgasm before you even get into bed with a guy. It really isn’t fair to simply say ‘men need to try more’. You need to be responsible for your own orgasm. If your orgasm has a combination lock which must be undone, then the least you can do is discover it for yourself rather than expecting a man to do it and then expressing dissatisfaction when they don’t.
“i know the truth about men falling asleep after sex its because in the stone age when the men was raping as you may call it woman afterwords they would dose or fall asleep and this gave the woman a chance for them to get free
Maz, February 1, 2007 at 5:02 am”
You know the truth all right. It’s spelled ‘L.I.E’.
“For those who want to know the source of the statistic about English men falling asleep during sex: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/health/menshealth.html?in_article_id=338126&in_page_id=1800&in_a_source=
Melinda, December 23, 2007 at 1:20 am”
That article makes it clear that the men *have* fallen asleep before, but does not say that it has happened more than once, or how many times the people in question had sex, or their state at the time of the incident (alcohol, etc). I’m willing to bet the stats would be the same the world over.
“Love how all the Englishmen jump in calling it all lies and rubbish! How would you know? Do you discuss your sex life with every other Englishman you see on the street? I’m pretty sure someone who took the time to research all that, enough that even you took a gander, has her facts straight. She wasn’t saying Americans are better at sex she was just citing a research study. It’s funny how you resort to calling Americans fat and “ponces” (an insult most Americans don’t get/couldn’t care less about) to defend yourselves. Makes you sound all the more like the picture perfect top hat toting sexually incompetent Englishman dweeb.
Richard, May 9, 2008 at 4:58 pm”
The irony being; you just did exactly what you were mocking the English posters for.
“I’m 26 years old male. Never had a girlfriend. I’m a geek, and I masturbate once, or twice every single day.
the me, February 8, 2009 at 4:15 pm”
Get used to it. You’ll find that sex is much much harder to get for you than it
is for a woman.
“Describing your male bravado on a forum? Nice work.
System3142, August 20, 2009 at 8:11 pm”
It was one post and there have been a dozen replies already. The guy was an idiot. Let it go.
Petra , November 5, 2009 at 1:09 am
Its simple, buy a small vibrator, vibrate your women until she orgasms, sex her after the orgasm….or a few minutes after, then you can both go to sleep having enjoyed the orgasms and what not.
I think its unfair how women bang on about how they dont get enough orgasm during sex, well how the f**k are we supposed to provide the equivalent of a vibrator on your clit with out di*ks? Huh? We put our stuff inside…where its supposed to go, women were built wrong, their clits should be inside not out.
My 2 cents
Mike , November 25, 2009 at 12:28 am
great article!,i just found the answer…but my question is,can this sleep linger on in bits for some days?
Iyke , November 25, 2009 at 4:06 pm
Useful article indeed, people should be aware , though, that using masturbation as a sleep pill is harmful.
Joe , November 28, 2009 at 12:11 pm
@ just checking out the comments.
I think yr ability of not achieving orgasm, is the problem between you & your
partner. Yes, men can be lazy so does women. Unless, you are not born from a
father & mother to being with. If you have told me that in the face. I’II
give you a duplex for starters. Cuz, you insult all fathers on this earth.
Alex , December 12, 2009 at 11:44 am
@ Joe
Why is that so? You having such problem?
Alex , December 12, 2009 at 11:44 am
I was just checking if it applies to other males also as it does to me. If sleep is eluding me, all I have to do is to watch some porn and masturbate and I fall asleep on the very chair sometimes. Amazing! Isn’t it?
Astrix , December 12, 2009 at 12:31 pm
Melinda, my 2 cents, I bet you didn’t expect a four years long discussion forum on such an unseemingly trivial sex topic.
Ohh, and don’t let yourself be put off by the offended “british lads”. English men don’t only fall sleep during the main scene but also get you to sleep whilst on the foreplay. That’s why their women rather flee and have sleepless fun in Spain, France, Italy and Greece.
Veronique , December 12, 2009 at 3:38 pm
Jing – Male sexual energy, released at climax. Does anyone think that this may have something to do with drowsiness after sex/ejaculation? I personally don’t believe that western science holds the answers to this question.
Owen , December 13, 2009 at 2:11 am
Simple reason why men fall asleep after sex – Because they have been staying awake for the sole purpose of having sex, so once it’s over, there’s no point in staying awake any longer.  Case closed.
Paul , December 17, 2009 at 3:58 am
or maybe its because when men where kids they almost always masterbated in bed before they fell asleep so the body got used to the idea that it goes orgasm then sleep where as when most girls did it, it was in the shower so no sleep straight away
john , December 22, 2009 at 9:06 pm
All I can say is, in the gay world, we don’t have such problems.  We can both sleep, OR we can get up and remodel the kitchen.  Satisfaction all the way around.
Jeri , December 28, 2009 at 9:17 am
Sex is not more rigorous for men as a rule. That is a totally ridiculous statement.
Danielle , December 28, 2009 at 9:42 pm
I looked online for a reason as to why I feel sleepy after ejaculation, regardless of wether it’s with my girlfriend or alone, and my question was fully answered. What I can’t seem to get my head around is the obviously false quote at the end of the article. 48% of English men fall asleep during sex?! This can’t be true. I’m not judging anybody, but it’s a massive misconception that men from certain countries are better at sex than others, such as Italian men or American men. Sure, some men have fallen asleep during sex, be it down to him pleasing his lover after she pleases him or vice versa, but 48%?! Come on – that’s almost 1 out of every 2 that men fall asleep during intercourse with his lover. It can certainly be said that not all information on the internet is true. This article is outstanding and the author seems to know a lot on the subject, but the quote could have been ommited. It just seems that the author is belittling Englishmen to hide her worries or fears over certain men in her life.
– Sean
Sean [Ireland] , December 31, 2009 at 10:20 pm
My boyfriend falls asleep very qiuckly after foreplay but after sex he can stay awake for hours and after half an hour of having sex he is ready for round two, but i struggle to get wet again…any advice or tips from anyone?
jessica , January 7, 2010 at 8:19 am
you englishmen are dumb as helll. you can’t do good in bed so you should stop trying. m.grabs doesn’t get laid hahahhaha. we don’t like him. pippip cherrio.
dA SCh0O0lllL GiRlZ , January 13, 2010 at 11:28 am
mmm
n times made her cum
1 time came(she said she had enough)
wanted more, was about 4am
listen if you get some of those so called men(with muscles like iron and such, but ability to actualy pleasure women at about 1%) DO NOT COMPLAIN
i honestly do not understand how you are in to them even after they can’t pleasure you enough
1 time and sleep pfft thats like…no i don’t even have a fail analogy
ilerien , January 25, 2010 at 5:49 pm
Good article, Melinda, except the part about the english men. The ‘Mens Health’
magazine is utter rubbish, from what I can tell reading their ‘wisedoms’.
I’m a german guy, btw. So, the part about that chemical mix catched my attention,
and I got another nut to crack for y’all, lets call it state of mind for an lack
of better explanation.
My question would be, why men would react different to that chemical mix, if it
were the only (?) reason to feel the need for some nap after having good sex?
In my experience, it doesn’t take an genius to figure out having sex after an long
day is the final exhausting push for the man. Same for the woman, if her day has been equally taxing, I’d bet.
But what about having a play at Sunday morning? I assume, we should be rested by then, but both of us can pass away again cuddling, if there is no need to get up.
So, what about Monday morning or any other weekdays play? :)
For me, this has an very invigorating effect; feels like ‘storming the day’ with no sense of sleepyness whatsoever. Same for my girl, now that’s something!
Indicates to me, the chemical mix can’t be the only reason, but also ‘state of mind’ both are in. Whats the next best thing to have good sex, cuddling and sleeping afterwards? Having good sex and then ‘storm the day’ :)
troop , February 16, 2010 at 8:18 pm
sex should be stopped
danny , February 23, 2010 at 4:22 am
I think that the British stat was taken outta context, but yea… getting huffy and insulting Americans isn’t exactly mature. Nor is insulting Englishmen in response. Would be find if we were in a sandbox, guys.
As for sex… I’m not into hetero shit, so I don’t know ’bout guys getting tired. However, with me… it’s tiring, but not enough so as to shove you into a slumber. Judging by all the sex vs. sex spazzing, I’m glad I’m into my own. lol
Ruee , April 20, 2010 at 4:32 am
men fall asleep after sex because the day is over and stress has just been postponed for tomorrow. Woman; listen well. You want a better orgasm? TELL your lover/spouse/tennis coach where the sweet spot is, or direct him as we are going. We do not have a vagina, we do not have a clit, we have no idea what makes you tick, since all women are different.  If you got a complaint, go find yourself a dildo or ron jeremy.
Johnny be rotten , April 22, 2010 at 12:45 am
And dont wipe the crumbs off the bedsheets, pizza crust smells better than fish.
Johnny be rotten , April 22, 2010 at 12:47 am
Im just turned 18,I seem push my self more after having sex guess hormone peak.
when I was younger tho I use feel bad after masturbating, especially if things got messy in turn make me sleep.
adulteen , April 25, 2010 at 5:37 pm
Fall asleep??? heck no — he go pee and then comeback for round two…lol
Diana Amore , April 26, 2010 at 10:21 am
i think this is very common, men need to relief, and after that they get sleep, but if he wishes to he can wake up in hours to give one more shot, little nap brings their energy back in the level to having sex again. there is nothing wrong with little nap in between….
ranga , May 14, 2010 at 2:54 am
Not my man … He just go pee and smoke … And walla … Wir machen das noch ein mal … Lol
June , May 28, 2010 at 2:59 pm
Too scientific for me… You should also mention about Prana, Chi, however you call it…
org , June 1, 2010 at 1:34 pm
My wife have two lovers :( He betryal me in work with musce workers :(
Horst , June 1, 2010 at 1:46 pm
More reasons for men to justify dosing off right after sex. Not fair! Men always seem to have more fun and leeway. Selfish Lazy men. :(
Pink , June 2, 2010 at 1:10 pm
sex=ingorantic thing to do and you don’t need just to get sleeply just go take some sleep pills that should help.
Matt , June 8, 2010 at 5:55 pm
Coitus was a dangerous moment for early sapiens. They were distracted and vulnerable. In the event of a post-coitus attack, if the female runs with the ova and sperm, while the male remains to be eaten, the baby lives, and the female may have a child. If the male runs, and the female is eaten, there is no child. Thus, the species is slightly more successful when the male is tired post-coitus.
Blue , June 9, 2010 at 9:45 am
Good article. Clears a few things up.  But as for why men get tired, maybe it has something to do with all the blood rushing down south to get Jimmy standing at attention? Less blood going to the brain and body also means less oxygen. Maybe that has something to do with it too?
Amused , June 20, 2010 at 12:52 am
if this is a problem, keep red bull handy. WATCH A VERY POTTER MUSICAL
harry potter , June 22, 2010 at 3:42 am
what some dont realize is that when the brain is deprived of oxygen for just 3 seconds, you feel immensly tired and nearly pass out. All it takes is one crazy orgasm and you could be out like a light.
OHLOOKAPENNY , June 22, 2010 at 3:15 pm
in my case when i reach the state of unwanted orgamsm very quickly ,i take a break of 5 to 10 min and again i go for an another round.
s.p , July 29, 2010 at 3:16 am
I’ve read comments about this article being “really old, so stop replying to it”… erm, yep, the article “may” be old, but it’s an ongoing question and debate…
As a bloke, my arousal pretty much fluctuates during the day – stress, etc.
I have the “morning wood” – and feel most “horniest” when I need to get up, shower, shave, dress, and get to work asap, blah, blah, blah…. Why does a man have a “morning wood” (the need to “take a leak” may have a major influence….), and isn’t it ironic that, in todays modern world, if a man’s “morning wood” still exists after abolutions…. we’re too busy getting to work, but also that fact that a man may fall asleep afterwards….  Guess that “evolution” has yet to “catch up” with our current living, give it 2-3,000 years I guess :( …..
pontypool1 , August 16, 2010 at 5:18 pm
I’m a woman; I always fall asleep in less than 2 minutes after my husband orgasms (by then I’ve usually orgasmed at least 5 times, so I’m really exhausted); but sex usually wakes him up. Sometimes when I have trouble falling asleep and he doesn’t want to have sex, he lies on my back (crushing me), imitating the position in which we usually end sex, and that always puts me to sleep in under 2 minutes.
rozana , August 17, 2010 at 12:10 pm
I just masturbated and feel very sleepy, which prompted me to “google” Why do I feel so sleepy after cumming. It directed me to this article im to sleepy to read. Nap time ya’ll, bye!
Marv from CA , August 20, 2010 at 5:42 pm
i like ur articlei like ur article i like ur articlei like ur articlei like ur articlei like ur articlei like ur articlei like ur articlei like ur articlei like ur articlei like ur article
yogesh , August 27, 2010 at 6:15 am
I don’t think most women really know what an orgasm feels like (if you’re not sure you’ve ever had one…you haven’t).  I ALWAYS orgasm, but not from intercourse, but constant clitoral stimulation. A clitoris contains the very same nerve endings as a penis and because so many women are ashamed to touch themselves or have their mates touch them, they don’t know what it really feels like. FYI- If you’ve had a real orgasm…you WILL be sleepy!
Jeanette R. , August 31, 2010 at 1:26 pm
The last comment. Good night!
thelastone , August 31, 2010 at 2:50 pm
wtf is this? everyone is different.
author needs a real job.
Reason , September 2, 2010 at 6:11 pm
There is a forum where over 200 people are gathered who have POIS. Since there is no official medicine for POIS, we ourselves are experimenting. Some successfully. This is a link to the list of what we tried and the result (post B_Jim):
Vandemolen , September 4, 2010 at 10:41 pm
“A recent survey of 10,000 English men revealed that 48 percent actually fall asleep during sex.”
I think these volunteers were the most sleepyhead people of the English.It’s occasional but it can be true lol :D
orhan , September 7, 2010 at 6:25 pm
I’d like to see where the survey of 10,000 English males was published. Sounds like typical American garbage to me…
Jimmy , September 7, 2010 at 7:43 pm
i liked the article, but my problem is that my husband doesn’t feel sleepy at all after sex; on the contrary he waits for me to fall asleep which happens very quickly and then gets up to watch tv or finish work. But after  masturbation he feels too tired that he can’t do anything but fall asleep. WHY? I really need an answer. doesn’t he feel satisfied during sex to get him to sleep.
ilivemylife , September 15, 2010 at 8:42 am
Anoda piece of info. Hweva, u havnt checkd we black guys out. Me believe dat d survey would read… 1 in 1000 men fall asleep afta sex in Africa. Our foods are anti… (laughs).
Niftie... D black guy , September 21, 2010 at 2:38 am
@ anonymouse
ano , September 25, 2010 at 10:51 am
Thats cause they work harder during sex
hese , October 2, 2010 at 1:31 pm
I don’t fall asleep after sex. I get a little tired but it’s basically like jogging for a bit, it goes away.
Anon , October 2, 2010 at 7:48 pm
On energetic level, man gives away part of his energy body during orgasm, that is why he is more exhausted. Woman gives her part later if she gets pregnant.
a , October 8, 2010 at 5:56 pm
My man never falls asleep after sex, it take him about 30-45 minutes sometimes longer to orgasm…why is this? Honestly, I just want a quickie because my clitoris gets so sore from cumming that I don’t even enjoy the sex.
ILuvOmar , October 8, 2010 at 7:21 pm
Your survey suggesting that 48% of English men have fallen asleep during sex is very misleading. Firstly because you say English when in fact you mean British: that is English, Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish. A typical mistake made by the majority of ignorant Americans and is, therefore, easily forgiven.
Secondly, and quite frankly unforgivably, you have quoted a survey which takes a sample size of 10,000 people (men and women) to represent a population of around 63.7 million. That is around 5,000 men to represent around 31.8 million men which – if you know anything about statistical analysis – you will be aware is nowhere near a large enough sample for the purpose.
Thirdly, the same survey suggests that only 11% of women have fallen asleep during the act of love making. Now I’m no Colombo, but think I can smell a lie there because let’s face it, if you are lying on your back on a nice soft bed, you will be more likely to fall asleep than if you are going at it like a jack rabbit in a vain atempt to bring your partner to orgasm. That is undeniable.
Lastly, the survey mentioned cannot possibly be representative of any normal cross-section of British society since the company who published it are not government controlled. Therefore they cannot carry out a truly random selection of participants since they will only have access to a small proportion of names and addresses of people who have put their names forward to be included.
Now you may be thinking, ‘Well if it’s good enough for a newspaper, it must be good enough.’ That might be true were it for the fact that the newspaper in question is The Mail: a tabloid which also prints such twaddle as celebrity gossip, a biased view on the performance of the government, real life articles about people with three nipple and other such deformities, horoscopes and the worlds easiest crosswords. Hardly the epitome of journalistic achievement then!
I would take this with a pinch (nay, a cup!) of salt!
Jimbob , October 13, 2010 at 10:40 pm
Read this study: http://joe.endocrinology-journals.org/cgi/reprint/177/1/57.pdf
See those levels?? Guess what? NOT SIGNIFICANT! Prolactic??? Guess what?? Women’s levels are normally which higher levels throughout the cycle!
Oxytocin?? Ever been pregnant?? Go through LABOR??? Talk about HIGH levels!!
I had two children. The only thing that made me sleepy soon after is well, the LABOR/DELIVERYU!! In fact, I could’ve gone for a marathon right after one I felt so energetic. And it was in the middle of the night!! However, wouldn’t have been a good idea for all reasons. Pain from the episiotomy wouldn’t have gotten me far!
Look at the site. Most of the levels went down to normal real quickly!!
