Does Alcohol Affect Your Looks?
Everyone knows about the dangers of alcohol. How can you miss it with all these adverts out there, put out by the health organisations with the sole purpose of driving fear into the heart of everyone that drinks by showing us exactly what alcohol does to our hearts and livers. Children are taught at school age about what dangers alcohol brings if they start drinking from an early age. A lot of people say this may be a little bit young, however it is necessary because in the modern day the majority of youngsters start much earlier than they would have done in the past, and they admit to it, even boast about it.
A lot of people are not at all affected by the statistics on these adverts and they just completely ignore them. If you are one of those people then you should probably think about what alcohol does to your looks. You may go out and spend lots of money each month on purchasing beauty products such as makeup and toner, but if you spend equally as much on alcohol at the weekend you may find that alcohol adversely affects the way you look.
One of the main effects of alcohol is the damage it causes to your skin. You end up with dry, cracked skin and blocked pores, lading to spots. You will get black rings under your eyes and end up looking old way before you are supposed to. So in summary, you will end up looking tired, spotty and old. This won't be winning you any beauty contests any time soon! Your latest revolutionary skin cream won't help you this time! Oh yes I nearly forgot, alcohol will also make you smell, as it leaves your body through your sweat and your breath.
Add to that the fact that alcohol is a cause of obesity and cellulite as well and really what we have is a not so pleasant cocktail of side effects. For the beauty conscious, it's actually something of a nightmare.
Of course, a far bigger concern than pimples and tighter fitting jeans is that of the very real threat of life threatening liver and heart conditions. Of course, nobody is saying that a single night out on the town will make you fat, ugly and life threateningly ill. But consistent and prolonged abuse of alcohol certainly could cause a host of worrying problems. So if you want to look good and feel good, it would be recommended that you undertake an alcohol detox.
