Home »why does cinnamon and honey make you tired
Why does cinnamon and honey make you tired:Article Section
Honey and Cinnamon
Home remedies have always been popular! They have no side-effects, are easy to use and easy to find. This week we explore the magical combination of honey and cinnamon. Did you know, that this magical duo can work miracles when it comes to healing and curing? Ayurvedic and Yunani medicine have used this combination, for their curative properties, down the ages. Stretch your hand and you are sure t..
Cinnamon
Cinnamon, Dachini in Hindi and Pattai in TamilSoothes indigestion, controls blood sugar in diabetics, prevents stomach ulcers, wards off urinary tract infections, fights tooth decay and gum disease, prevents vaginal yeast infections. Apple Pie is always baked with cinnamon powder, while stewed apricots could always do with a stick of cinnamon. Boil a stick of cinnamon in water to remove the cookin..
Why Skincare
Why is skincare considered so important? Surely our ancestors managed well without this kind of thing!  Wrong!  Our forefathers and mothers were very much into skin care. The products they used may not have come out of a jar or a tube.  But the concept of caring for skin was always a prime concern. Oil baths, scrubbing the body with besan (Bengal gram flour) were a part of their weekly routine.  ..
Honey Skin Care
Honey has always been an essential part of beauty regimens.  Cleopatra used to bathe in milk and honey.  Royalty in the olden days depended largely on honey to keep youthful and beautiful.And why not? Honey is packed with nourishing and beautifying properties.  It is probably the very best beauty product you can use on your skin.    Lets Take a Look At Some Sweet Facts About Honey.  Honey ca..
Cinnamon and pepper
Cinnamon and pepper are two of the most widely used spices in India.  Each of them has a distinctive taste and aroma.Cinnamon: This is a highly pungent spice.  It is a dried bark.  Thin long rolls of cinnamon are also used for gravies.  The bark of the tree is thick and brownish in colour.  Cinnamon has a sweet taste.  It can be ground into powder too.  Generally, cinnamon is used in puddings, pie..
Frosty Apple Cinnamon Swirl
Intake of Health drinks is becoming popular nowadays. This development has been possible on account of a number of factors like the greater use of beverages like sodas, energy drinks and sugary juice drinks leading to greater incidence of obesity among the kids, teens and young. The overall working capacities of the people too, are getting reduced. Such factors have prompted people to go in for he..
Why does cinnamon and honey make you tired:Forum Section
Why Divorce Rates Are On The Rise : Divorce
Today we hear a lot many divorce cases taking place everyday. But have we ever thought of the reasons behind this alarming rise in the number of divorce cases? If we sit down and think logically, then there are several reasons that can be cited behind the alarming rise in the divorce rates. Like for example, financial freedom of today
