Eliminate fatigue and boost  your energy
Why is Bronovil More Effective than Other Products?
While other natural products are based on traditional use of herbs and folklore,  Bronovil is formulated based on modern scientific research. Bronovil helps your  body fight acute as well as chronic bronchitis from many different angles. It  contains soothing herbs to calm down your coughing reflex and it thins mucus to  help your lungs clear up faster.
The key ingredient - the amazing pelargonium plant – was proven to prevent viruses and bacteria from attaching to the cells in lungs effectively and safely stopping your lung infection. It contains a powerful immune system boosting herbal blend that helps your body heal naturally. It contains a powerful dose of flavonoids that reduce inflammation and swelling of your airways helping you breathe better.
Bronovil is a safe, natural, holistic product that deals with the  source of the problem. Bronovil is for people who seek natural alternatives to  classical treatments with antibiotics and chemical drugs with bad side effects.
"While most other medications simply mask symptoms, the actions of Bronovil actually support faster recovery."
Order Today and Receive
"20 Proven Tips for Healing Bronchitis"
$19.99 eBook at NO COST TO YOU
In this e-book, you'll learn about 20 key tips to stop bronchitis in its tracks. This no-nonsense e-book offers practical advice on what YOU can do today to feel better instantly.
Valuable advice on
How to Strengthen Your Immune System
How to Prevent Secondary Infection
How to Stop Nausea
How to Avoid Lung Irritants
Home Remedies that will Make You Feel Better
and... Much, Much More!
A must-read for those who want to put an end to bronchitis. Even the beginner will get to learn more about why does bronchitis make you so tired after reading this article. It is written in easy language so that everyone will be able to understand it. Now while reading about why does bronchitis make you so tired, don't you feel that you never knew so much existed about why does bronchitis make you so tired? So much matter you never knew existed.
Order now and receive this eBook INSTANTLY by email, so that you can start applying the advice and START FEELING BETTER TODAY!
"BRONOVIL was formulated  based on the latest clinical studies to quickly relieve bronchitis.  It goes to work directly on the underlying cause to stop re-occurrence."
What Ingredients are found in Bronovil?
Bronovil contains only natural ingredients from  plants, trees or herbs. Most natural supplements have not been scientifically  proven to be effective. All ingredients in Bronovil have been tested during  clinical studies and were found to be effective in treating bronchitis.
PELARGONIUM SIDOIDES is a medical plant native to Africa. Clinical studies show that it's effective in treating bronchitis
, strep throat
and the common cold
. It prevents viruses and bacteria from attaching to the cells in lungs effectively and naturally stopping the infection. Research shows it has strong antiviral, antibacterial and aniti-fungal properties.
WILD CHERRY is native to North America. Native Americans discovered its medicinal qualities, using it to treat lung complaints. Later, European settlers used it in cough syrups. It's used especially in cases of bronchitis, whooping cough, and asthma. It contains prussic acid, which is known to calm the nerves associated with the coughing reflex. Wild cherry bark contains cyanogenic glycosides, particularly prunasin. These glycosides act to relieve choughs by quelling spasms in the smooth muscles in lungs.
N-ACETYLCYSTEINE (NAC) is a special form of amino acid cysteine found in egg whites, red pepper or garlic. NAC is widely used in Europe for bronchitis and sinusitis. Several clinical studies has found that NAC is highly effective treatment for chronic bronchitis
. It thins mucus and helps clear up lungs
. NAC protects lung tissue through its anti-oxidant activity
. Other research showed that it slows down HIV virus replication and suggested NAC for treatment of AIDS
.
QUERCETIN is a flavonoid present in apples, citrus fruits and strawberries. It is the secret behind the saying "An apple a day keeps the doctor away". Quercetin has amazing anti-inflammatory, anti-viral, anti-bacterial , anti-tumor and anti-allergenic effects. All these activities are caused by the strong antioxidant action of quercetin. Studies have shown an improved lung function and lower risk of bronchitis and asthma for people with high apple (rich in Quercetin) intake
. It reduces inflammation of the bronchial tubes and balances out the negative effects of pollution in our lungs.
MULLEIN is plant growing in Europe and Asia. Mullein leaf has been used in Europe for thousands of years as a remedy for the respiratory tract. Mullein flower is approved by the Commission E (European equivalent of FDA) for treatment of cough and respiratory congestion. The saponins in mullein are responsible for its expectorant action
. Mullein is an excellent bronchitis remedy.
REISHI Mushroom is called "the mushroom of immortality" in China and has been used in Oriental Medicine for over 2,000 years. It has been used by the Chinese and Japanese for treatment of lung diseases such as bronchitis and asthma. In one study more the 2000 Chinese with chronic bronchitis took reishi and within two weeks, 90% felt better
. Reishi contains immune-enhancing polysaccharides with strong anti-viral action. Reishi is also recommended for patients with AIDS because it is an excellent immune system booster.
PANAX GINSENG is a plant growing in Asia. The main active components are ginsenosides, which have been shown to have a variety of beneficial effects, including anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and anticancer effects. In one study of 75 patients with chronic bronchitis who were treated with antibiotics or antibiotics plus ginseng, those in the ginseng group showed faster recovery
. Another study showed ginseng may help prevent flu and colds by boosting the immune system
.
BROMELAIN is natural enzyme found in pineapples. Bromelain is good at treating bronchitis because of its powerful anti-inflammatory and mucus thinning properties. It reduces phlegm in lungs. Double blind clinical trial found that 85% of patients taking bromelain showed a complete resolution of breathing difficulties and inflammation
.
BUTTERBUR plat grows in northern parts of Europe and Russia. For many centuries Butterbur has been used as an herbal remedy for coughing, asthma, whooping cough, fever and spasms. A clinical study showed that Butterbur may help improve lung ventilation in patients with chronic obstructive bronchitis and asthma
. Another study showed it is also effective treatment for migraine headaches
.
ZINC & SELENIUM are minerals found plentiful in Brazil nuts. Zinc and selenium are vital to the production of the two most powerful anti-oxidant and anti-aging enzymes in the body. That's why they are essential for a strong immune system. A combination of zinc and selenium can shorten and reduce the severity of lung infections. A study showed that elderly patients who received zinc and selenium had less respiratory tract infections than patients who received a placebo
.
 While other remedies rely on traditional knowledge of herbs and unproven folklore, Bronovil is scientifically formulated based on clinical studies. 
Clinical Tests Proved Effectiveness of Bronovil's Ingredients
 
 
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
We stand behind our product! Bronovil was scientifically formulated based on results from seven clinical trials. Bronovil is manufactured in FDA certified labs that exceed the highest standards for quality control, safety and ingredient purity.
Many of our customers report a quick bronchitis relief.  So can you! If you're not satisfied, simply send us your unused portion and we'll promptly return EVERY PENNY, including shipping costs.
Unconditional 60 Day Money Back Guarantee.
No waiting. Your order ships the same or next business day.
We never re-bill unless you re-reorder.
Your order is packaged discreetly in a PLAIN BOX.
We never sell your personal information to anyone.
Sincerely,
President, SmartLife Labs
 
It was with great relief we ended writing on why does bronchitis make you so tired. There was just too much information to write, that we were starting to lose hopes on it's completion!
Purchase Bronovil with Confidence - It's 100% Guaranteed
Naturally Relieves Painful Coughs
Helps Clear up Your Lungs
Supports Better Breathing
Helps Your Body Fight Infections
Boosts Immune System
