For media inquiries, please contact Juliette Michaelson
This effort is made possible by the generous support of the Leon Levy Foundation
The Friends of Moynihan Station is a coalition of leading civic organizations, business groups and elected officials, joined in advocating the construction of a grand new train hall in the Farley Post Office building to expand and improve Penn Station.
All the latest Friends of Moynihan Station news.
Juliette Michaelson on May 10, 2012 | Permalink
A rendering of the station's future entrance at 33rd Street and Eighth Avenue. Credit: MSDC
The Moynihan Station Development Corporation Board today approved the award of a $150 million contract to Skanska to build some of the key elements of Moynihan Station:
two new entrances into the Penn/Moynihan Station complex through the corners of the Farley building,
the extension of the West End Concourse to serve eight additional tracks,
the doubling of the width of the concourse, and
new stairs, escalators and elevators from the platforms up to the station to meet ADA requirements.
This work will help to alleviate some of the congestion in the station and at the platform level. It also constitutes a critical first step toward the larger goal of building a new train hall in the Farley Building for Amtrak.
Work on this phase is scheduled to begin in October and be completed by 2016.
More renderings after the jump.
Moynihan Station development office to be folded into the Port Authority
Juliette Michaelson on October 19, 2011 | Permalink
In nominating Pat Foye to be Executive Director of the Port Authority, Gov. Andrew Cuomo also called for consolidating the Moynihan Station Development Corporation - the state agency in charge of developing the new train station - into the Port Authority.
The Port Authority has been involved with Moynihan Station since early 2010, when Gov. Paterson charged it to manage the construction of the station hand in hand with MSDC.
A full transfer to the PA and the likely dissolution of MSDC makes sense as the project moves into a construction phase. (The PA has more experience managing construction than MSDC, most recently at the World Trade Center). A construction management team was recently hired, and construction bids from several prequalified bidders were solicited earlier this month. Bids are due back in early December, and work would begin in the late winter.
In addition to the PA's construction-management experience, the Authority might also be able to provide more funding to Moynihan Station than cash-strapped New York State.
Moynihan Station Phase One breaks ground
Juliette Michaelson on October 18, 2010 | Permalink
From left to right: Moynihan Station Development Corporation President Timothy Gilchrist, Elizabeth Moynihan, Maura Moynihan, Governor David Paterson, US Department of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, Senator Charles Schumer, Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Congressman Jerrold Nadler, Lieutenant Governor Richard Ravitch and State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver.
A wide range of New York and federal officials broke ground  today on Phase One of the construction of Moynihan Station. Prior to the groundbreaking, Governor Paterson and  Secretary LaHood signed a final grant agreement providing $83 million in  Recovery Act funds to New York through the U.S. Department of  Transportation's "Transportation Initiatives Generating Economic  Recovery" (TIGER) program.
Construction of Phase One, which includes new entrances to Penn Station through the Farley building, a wider and longer West End Concourse, more escalators from the platforms and other infrastructure work, started this month and will be completed by 2016. The project is scheduled to take 6 years because work is restricted to nights and weekends.
Click through for reactions from the Friends of Moynihan Station, and new renderings of the project.
Ceremonial groundbreaking at Farley on Monday October 18 - All welcome!
Juliette Michaelson on October 13, 2010 | Permalink
Please join us at a ceremonial groundbreaking of the Moynihan Station Phase One project on Monday, October 18, at 10:30am 2pm on the steps of the Farley Building (rain location is the 31st Street Rotunda). Gov. David Paterson, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, USDOT Secretary Ray LaHood, Senator Charles Schumer and others will unveil new renderings and break ground on the project. It should be an exciting event - please stop by! For more information, contact the Governor's press office at (518) 474 8390.
Also, on the evening of October 18, there will be a symposium to launch the release of a new book entitled "Daniel Patrick Moynihan: A Portrait in Letters of an American Visionary." Senator Charles Schumer will keynote. The event is at 5:30pm at the New York Academy of Medicine, 1216 Fifth Avenue. More information here .
Happy 100th birthday (original) Penn Station!
Juliette Michaelson on August  1, 2010 | Permalink
This month marks the 100th anniversary of the construction of the original Penn Station. "The largest building ever to be built at one time," points out the New York Times, was completed in August 1910, and service on the Long Island Rail Road was inaugurated on September 8. Full use of the station by the Pennsylvania Rail Road to New Jersey and beyond began on November 26th . That day, 100,000 visitors came to admire the new building.
Little did President of the Pennsylvania Rail Road Alexander Cassatt know that his monumental structure would stand barely longer than 50 years .
Browse our collection of images of the original Penn Station.
and read this fascinating article about how Penn Station was to transform the region .
