Newark NJ Penn Train Station Parking with ParkFast
Parking at Newark Penn Station made simple
With our four Newark train station parking facilities in the Newark Penn Station area, ParkFast is fast becoming the first and only choice of visiting motorists.
 
Parking at Our Newark NJ Penn Station Parking Garages Is Affordable and Convenient
Strategically positioned in areas close to Newark Penn Station and other key locations, Edison ParkFast's Newark train station parking spaces can be conveniently reserved online or by phone call. You can now enjoy your trip to New Jersey's largest city without the fuss of hunting for a decent parking space. With parking at Newark Penn station, ParkFast offers a combination of security and convenience at a fraction of the prices offered by other garages. All four of our facilities that offer parking near Newark Penn station offer special early bird parking rates and reduced prices during off-hours and off-days. Finally, a parking space near Newark's largest transportation hub at a rate you can afford.
 
Parking Near Newark Penn Station: The Largest Transportation Hub in NJ
Newark Penn Station is the largest transportation hub in New Jersey. Located at Raymond Plaza between Market Street and Raymond Boulevard, it serves major bus lines (such as NJ Transit and Greyhound) and train lines (Newark Light Rail, NJ Transit, and Amtrak). Nearby places of interest include the New Jersey Performing Arts Center (NJPAC), New Jersey Institute of Technology, Prudential Center , Rutgers University, Seton Hall University School of Law, and the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. Now, thanks to ParkFast's Newark NJ Penn Station parking, day trippers and tourists no longer have to fight tooth and nail for an affordable and secure parking space in New Jersey's largest city.
 
ParkFast's parking at Newark Penn Station
Whatever your reasons for visiting Newark, whether it be a show at the Performing Arts Center or an exhibit at the Museum, you can rely on ParkFast to provide secure and affordable parking spaces close to the places that you need to be.
 
Reserve a space at our Newark Penn Station Parking Garages today. Just use visit our website for Online Reservations or call us at 888-ParkFast!
 
