Email
 
A fresh-grilled sub sandwich made your way is the basis of this restaurant chain. Penn Station Restaurants are known for hand-cut French fries (with vinegar!), fresh-squeezed lemonade, and the trademark Philly cheesesteak sub on signature fresh-baked French bread.
A standard small signature sandwich with steak, provolone cheese, sauteed onions, fresh mushrooms, banana peppers, spicy-brown mustard, mayo and pizza sauce has 697 calories, 33 grams fat, and 1,166 mg sodium!
Save 100 calories and 8 g fat by skipping cheese, 66 calories and 6 g fat by nixing the mustard sauce, and another 100 calories and 11 g fat from ditching the mayo.
There are some healthier choices you can make that will allow you to stay within a healthy recommended meal when dining at Penn Station. Here are several suggestions.
Small Grilled Artichoke Sandwich with artichoke hearts, provolone cheese, oregano, parmesan and mushrooms: 438 calories, 2 g fat, 1,291 mg sodium
Small Dagwood Sandwich with turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, banana peppers, and oregano: 392 calories, 4 g fat, 1,492 mg sodium.
Small Chicken Breast Parmesan Sandwich with parmesan, oregano, sauteed onions, fresh mushrooms and pizza sauce:  497 calories, 8 g fat, 949 mg sodium
Mustard is usually a low-calorie condiment, but here it has 66 calories and 6 g fat. Skip it.
The bread accounts for about half the sodium in most sandwiches.
Some of the meat choices for your sandwich are better than others. Lowest calorie and fat choices would be steak, chicken, turkey, and ham. Salami, pepperoni, sausage, and corned beef are higher in calories, fat and sodium.
Fill your sandwich with veggies to add taste, crunch and nutrition.
Pizza sauce, at 18 calories and 0 g fat, is your best choice for a condiment.
This restaurant provides nutritional info on its website .
 
SparkPeople advertisers help keep the site free! Learn more
Penn Station Calorie Lookup
Foods Submitted By Members - Calorie Lookup
Healthy Finds at Penn Station From SparkPeople Members
Food Item
