
Movies, films and books featuring New York's Pennsylvania Station
Lorraine B. Diehl, author of "The Late, Great Pennsylvania Station", has picked these films because they feature Penn. Station, but they are also terrific movies.
Most of these films are on video and can be ordered from this page by clicking on the link. The actual processing of the order is done by Amazon.com and items are shipped directly to you. Near the end of the page is also a link to browse through Amazon.com's huge collection of movies, books and music.
 
Click  to see a larger photo
 
Order on VHS
 
STRANGERS ON A TRAIN - (1951) D: Alfred Hitchcock.     Farley Granger, Robert Walker, Ruth Roman. (b/w) In this psychological thriller, Farley     Granger takes a taxi to Penn Station where he is dropped off in one of the station's     carriageways. Then, indulging in some cinematic license, Hitchcock has Granger rush down     the steps from the arcade into the station's Main Waiting Room. (He would have come     through the arcade if he were entering the station on foot from its Seventh Avenue     entrance.) The result for us is some rare footage of both the carriageway and the arcade,     with some lingering shots of the station's Main Waiting Room.
THE KILLER THAT STALKED NEW YORK
- (1950) D: Earl McEvoy. Evelyn Keyes, Charles Korvin, Dorothy Malone. (b/w) The best things going for this noir film are the shots of New York, particularly Pennsylvania Station. The film opens with Evelyn Keyes exiting a train on track level, then making her way upstairs to the Concourse, where she slips into a phone booth. She remains in the phone booth long enough to give us a view of the station's magnificent train shed as it was in the 1950s. That's the only shot of Penn Station in the film, but it's enough to justify a rental.
Click to see larger photo
Order on VHS
THE CLOCK - (1945) D: Vincent     Minnelli. Judy Garland, Robert Walker, James Gleason. (b/w) This valentine to New York     City begins and ends in Penn Station. When it opens, we see soldier-on-leave Robert Walker     ambling through the Main Waiting Room and up the steps to the arcade in time to catch up     with Judy Garland, who has ridden the escalator. Although the station's interior is     glorious in this film, it is a reproduction, shot on a Hollywood set. Catch the     escalator's lack of steps as people get off.
Order     on VHS
THE PALM BEACH STORY - (1942) D: Preston Sturges.     Claudette Colbert, Joel McCrea, Rudy Vallee, Mary Astor. (b/w) There is a quick shot of     Penn Station's Seventh Avenue entrance in this sophisticated comedy as Claudette Colbert     pulls up in a cab. Then we're inside the Concourse with Joel McCrea pursuing her to a     train gate. We spend some time in here, but as with The Clock, this train shed is a     mock. Although this is an excellent replica of the famous train shed, it is full of     inconsistencies. Note the metal paneling at the top of the steps backdropping McCrea. It     never existed in the real station. Also, note the clock that Colbert looks at. The ones in     Penn Station were suspended beneath the steel and glass arches, not hung on a wall.
Order     on VHS
AN AFFAIR TO REMEMBER - (1957) D: Leo McCarey.     Cary Grant, Deborah Kerr, Richard Denning. (color) If you've seen the movie, you remember     the pivotal scene when Deborah Kerr exists a taxi on 34th Street for her star-crossed     meeting with Grant at the top of the Empire State Building. Watch the film again and you     will see that Kerr gets out of the taxi near Pennsylvania Station, two long city blocks     away from her destination. This cinematic indulgence gives us a rare color viewing of the     station's Seventh Avenue facade.
Order     on VHS
THE SEVEN YEAR ITCH - (1955) D: Billy Wilder.     Marilyn Monroe, Tom Ewell, Evelyn Keyes. (color) Keyes gets her second chance to appear in     Penn Station, this time as the wife of book editor Ewell, who is seeing her and their son     off as they enter the Concourse to board a train for a Maine vacation. A rare glimpse of     the Concourse in color. Notice McKim's handsome black iron pillars defaced by a metallic     grey paint. This film was shot during the station's last days, before it succumbed to the     wrecker's ball.
Click to see larger photo
Order         on VHS
SPELLBOUND - (1945) D: Alfred Hitchcock. Ingrid     Bergman, Gregory Peck, Leo G. Carroll. (b/w) Another suspense thriller draws Hitchcock to     Pennsylvania Station. This time Ingrid Bergman and her patient, Gregory Peck, are escaping     from the police. When they arrive at Penn Station, we see a long shot of the Concourse,     and then we meet Bergman and Peck in the Main Waiting Room, where they are standing in     line to purchase a ticket. The Concourse shot is authentic, but the scene in the Main     Waiting Room is back lot Hollywood.
Order Killer's Kiss on DVD
KILLER'S KISS - (1955) D: Stanley Kubrick. Frank     Silvera -- Look for Penn Station's concourse at the beginning and end of Stanley Kubrick's     1955 noir thriller.  Actually, the shots are long enough for the eye to linger a     while and take in Charles McKim's dramatic steel and glass train shed.   You     will also get a sense of the city of the Fifties, a treat in itself.
