Editorial Reviews
From School Library Journal
Grade 3–6—Once upon a time, the railroad was the way to travel, and the Pennsylvania Railroad Company was one of the best in the business. Blocked from reaching its Manhattan goal by the depths of the Hudson River, and with a bravado showing just what money can do, the company hired workers to tunnel under and an architectural firm to build the then-grandest railroad depot going—Pennsylvania Station. In this heavily pictorial, slim volume, Low's lyrical text and handsome illustrations pay tribute to an imposing piece of American architecture, describing its cultural impact both in its existence and its destruction. This book opens a nostalgic window into its magical vastness, and mourns its loss—reduced to rubble dumped into the nearby Jersey marshes. Similar in tone to Harvey Stevenson's equally attractive Looking at Liberty (HarperCollins, 2003), Low's compassionate pen and artistic eye may have children taking second, assessing looks at "old" buildings headed for the wrecker's ball. An enlivening addition to the usually somnolent 385.3's.—Patricia Manning, formerly at Eastchester Public Library, NY
Copyright © Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
From Booklist
As in Chinatown (1997), Low contributes both words and pictures in this ode to New York City's Pennsylvania Station. Introductory pages describe why and how the glorious train station was erected. Later spreads focus on how the building was utilized before it fell into disuse and was finally demolished to make way for the smaller, subterranean station used today. Low includes lots of specifics (the name of the firm that designed the station; the amount of granite used for the project), but the details aren't always integrated into a captivating whole. The artwork, however, is magnificent. Full-spread, oil-and-digital, mixed-media paintings depicting people moving through the beautiful structure will draw children into Low's underlying message: "Buildings are not just concrete and steel. They are the heart and soul of all great cities." Teachers will welcome the classroom connections in the companion guide, which is^B available on the publisher's Web site. Pair this with Susan Goodman's Skyscraper (2004) and Lynn Curlee's Skyscraper (2007) for more about the structures that make up a city. Gillian Engberg
Copyright © American Library Association. All rights reserved
