NEWS & EVENTS
June 1, 2012 - Meridian, ID
Meridian is a GREAT place for FREE Friday Night entertainment.  Come see the CableOne Movies held each Friday night at Settler's Park.  Starting at 8 pm.  Family friendly titles.  Check out the entertainment lineup at www.cityofmeridian.org .  Looking for a GREAT place to live here in Meridian?  Come see us at Penn Station Apartments, we might just be what you are looking for.
May 1, 2012 - Meridian, ID
Come shop every Saturday from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm for fresh fruits & vegetables, baked goods, floral and plants, arts and crafts, gift items, and more! Located along in the Crossroads Shopping Center at the corner of Eagle & Fairview.  Support local businesses, they come see us at Penn Station Apartments.  We are local and driven to provide you with a great home in Meridian, ID.
April 1, 2012 - Meridian, ID
Unplug and Be Outside Week is a series of free events April 21-28 to inspire and empower families to get off the couch and get active! This is a statewide effort so go find the complete list of activities happening in Meridian and around the state at www.unplugandbeoutside.com and join us for the fun!   Take a walk though Penn Station Apartments' grounds.  We have plenty of room to find fun outdoors.
March 1, 2012 - Meridian, ID
The snow is flying, but it is time to thing SPRING!  Spring Softball sign ups are happening.  Sign up by March 23 at the Meridian Parks & Recreation Office from 8 a.m - 5 p.m.  Schedule yourself some outdoor fun this spring.  Come see Penn Station Apartments...we offer comfortable living in the heart of Meridian!
February 1, 2012- Meridian, ID
Support our Meridian Community...come to the Share the Love Pancake Feed
February 10th 8 to 11 am.  The proceeds will benefit the Meridian Police Department's Victim Witness Unit in our community.  Check out the event calendar at www.meridiancity.org/calendar for more information.   Penn Station Apartments...a wonderful place to live in Meridian, ID!
January 1, 2012 - Meridian, ID
A New Year...Meridian has become a wonderful place to live and play.  Earning recognition as One of the Best Places to Live again in 2011.  Penn Station is proud to part of this community!  Come see us today.
December 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
The City of  Meridian will kick off the Christmas season on Friday, December 2nd
with the showing of the cartoon “How the Grinch Stole Christmas” on a giant
inflatable movie screen at 6:00pm in Generations Plaza on the corner of Main
Street and Idaho Avenue. Immediately following the show, see the Tree Lighting.
The celebration will include performances by local school choirs, the
announcement of the Christmas Essay Contest winners, and the arrival of a very
special guest.  In addition, there will be free hot chocolate and coffee from Starbucks and free donuts from Krispy  Kreme, while supplies last, and free carriage rides.  Come see our apartments at Penn Station.  We might have your new home!
November 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
If you are looking for a worthy place to donate time, money, or supplies...The Meridian Food Bank is just what you are looking for.  The Food Pantry provides baskets to our neighbors who seek emergency food assistance.  They accept donations of non-perishable food items, some fresh fruit and vegetables, personal care items, and financial gifts.  All donations are used right here in our community.  For more information go to www.meridianfoodbank.org .  Penn Station is proud to be part of this great community.  Come see our great community!
October 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
You probably know about the great kids sports programs that the Meridian Police Activities League (PAL) sponsors...But did you know that they also offer some great fitness programs for ADULTS?  Kettlebell Fitness, Yoga, and Zumba classes are available to all adults.  Check out the schedules at www.meridianpal.org .   We appreciate all the efforts that the Meridian PAL puts forth to make OUR Town a great place to live.  Come see us at PENN STATION APARTMENTS if you want a clean, quiet place to live.
September 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
Rock Around the Block Kids Fun Run/Walk...Bring your children 12 and younger to participate in the 1st Annual Event!  Meet at Settler's Park just prior to 9:00 am.  Check-ins begin at 8:30 am.  Dress as your favorite rock or pop star for a chance to win a special prize.  All participating children will get a prize!   Fitness for kids!  After the race walk or run by Penn Station Apartments, just off Fairview Avenue...a GREAT PLACE FOR APARTMENT LIVING.
August 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
Enjoy those beautiful August Days and support local business at the Meridian Farmer's Market & Bazaar.  Every Saturday in it's new location through September 24, from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm, at 1200 N. Eagle Road in the Meridian Crossroads Shopping Center (just west of Babies R Us). For details, go online to www.meridianfarmersmarket.com .  Looking for a spacious, 2 bedroom apartment in Meridian, ID?...Look no farther....Penn Station's apartments have a great floor plan, central a/c for cool August days & nights, and beautiful common areas to enjoy the outdoors.  Come see us.
July 1, 2011-Meridian, ID
Meridian celebrates Independance Day!  The event starts at 3pm in Storey Park with live music, inflatable toys and food vendors. The Speedway races start at 6:30pm and the evening culminates with a fantasic fireworks display. Tune in to FM 92.7 for music during the show.  Penn Station has apartments close to downtown Meridian.  Great spacious floor plan...come by and see us.
June 1, 2011- Meridian, ID
Enjoy a free family-friendly movie under the stars in one of Meridian's finest parks. Bring your blankets, beach chairs, snacks, and movie buddies to Settlers Park in Meridian (corner of Ustick & Meridian Roads) and settle in for a terrific movie on the City of Meridian's giant 25-foot inflatable screen!  Keep in mind that the movie doesn't begin until dusk. Restrooms and a concession stand are also available. For details, contact the Meridian Parks & Recreation Department at 888-3579.  Looking for a great place to live?  Penn Station is worth a look...we offer quiet, clean, units with a thoughtful floorplan allowing storage!!  Come See Us.
May 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
MUM's THE WORD in Meridian starting Thursday, May 5th at 5 p.m.  Come enjoy the Meridian Urban Market (MUM) that will be held each Thursday from 5 pm until 9 pm near Generations Plaza.  Bring the whole family to enjoy the fresh produce, Idaho specialty foods, handmade artisan crafts all in a family friendly atmosphere!  Admission is FREE!    Another great way to enjoy Meridian.  If you need a great place to live, while enjoying all Meridian, ID has to offer...Come see us at Penn Station Apartments.  Located just a short distance from Downtown Meridian! 
April 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
Spring is here....and Easter is on its way.  Saturday, April 24th at Meridian Elementary School, the Optimist Club will hold their Annual Easter Egg Hunt for participants 10 years and younger. Get more information at their website www.meridianoptimist.org .    Get out and see Meridian's beautiful spring colors.   The grounds are "greening up" at Penn Station.  We are looking for a few residents, come see us today! 
March 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
Great opportunity to support the ARTS!  The traveling Missoula Children's Theatre is coming to Meridian.  Saturday, March 19th they will present "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" at Rocky Mountain High School's auditorium.  Admission is FREE.  Come see the professionals and between 50 and 60 local children as they present this great piece!  Meridian is full or great opportunities.  If you are looking for a great opportunity for a roomy, clean 2 bedroom apartment, Penn Station is the place to be.  Come check us out!
February 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
Mark your calendar for Feb. 19th and join the community at the Firefighter's Community Chili Cookoff.  This will be held in the Meridian Dairy Barns, just north of the speedway.  Come be one of the first to sample Meridian's BEST Chili!  Watch Meridian City's website for more details www.merdiancity.org .  Need a great place to live?  Come see us at Penn Station Apartments...you can't help but notice our difference from other apartment complexes.  We offer GREAT APARTMENT LIVING in Meridian!!
January 1, 2011 - Meridian, ID
WELCOME 2011!!  Meridian Idaho is a great place to live!  It is offical...Meridian was named one of the 100 best places for children to live in the NATION.  Check out the story on the Meridian city website  http://www.meridiancity.org/local_government.aspx?id=6871 .   Penn Station is proud to be located in one of the Best Cities in America.  If you are looking to rent a great apartment...come see the value we offer at Penn Station.
 
December 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Meridian starts off the Christmas season on Saturday, December 4th at 10 am with Meridian's 31st Annual Winterland Parade.  Following the parade, families can participate in the 2nd Annual Children's Winterland Festival taking place at Meridian's Community Center.  There will be games, craft projects, bounce houses and photos with Santa.  Penn Station Apartments are located close to all this fun, so come by and see one of our newly renovated apartments.
November 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Have you checked out Meridian's library?  Located at 1326 Cherry Lane, it is a great community resource full books and FUN activities for the whole family.  You can see what is happening at the library by going to www.mld.org .  Come see us at Penn Station Apartments this fall...we might have your new home!
October 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Support Local Business while enjoying the Meridian Farmer's Market and Bazaar each Saturday in October.  Open from to 1pm just west of the Majestic Theatre on Overland Road.  Know anyone needing a great apartment in Meridian, ID....Penn Station just might be the place.  Give us a call 830.5048.
September 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Back to School BBQ on Sept. 17, 2010 for the youth of Meridian (ages 14 to 18).  Hosted by the Mayor's Youth Activity Council and Meridian's Teen Activities Committee.  No RSVP necessary, just come to the Meridian Community Center located at 201 E. Idaho Avenue, ready to meet new people and have FUN!  Drop off your teen at the BBQ and then come see us at Penn Station one of the best places to live in Meridian, Idaho.
Back to School BBQ Location:Meridian Community Center Start:6:30 PM End:8:30 PM
Meridian's Teen Activities Committee (TAC) is inviting Meridian teens ages 14 - 18 to attend B2SBBQ -- a free back to school barbeque at the Meridian Community Center located at 201 E. Idaho Avenue in downtown Meridian. No RSVP is necessary... just show up ready to have fun, meet new people, and learn more about the Mayor's Youth Advisory Council and Meridian's Teen Activities Committee!   For additional details, contact Allison Kaptein at 888-3579. August 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Enjoy the August nights at Settler's Park for CableOne's Family Movie Night.  This event starts at dusk each friday night of August.  It's FREE and family friendly.  The movie schedule can be found on www.cityofmeridian.org .  Stop by Penn Station and see why we are one of the great Meridian neighborhoods.
July 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Celebrate the 4th of July with your entire family at Storey Park.  Meridian's celebration is an all day event, and it is FREE.  Many things to do for the entire family culminating in an impressive display of fireworks.    It is a great time to live in Meridian!  Come see us at Penn Station,  there is a lot to love.
June 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Meridian Dairy Days kicks off Thursday, June 17th with a Pancake Feed and Concert at Storey Park.  The Festival Marketplace opens on Friday with the "Real Dairy Parade" beginning at 7pm.  Get your Saturday off to a running start with the "Milk Run" fun run.  To check out other events taking place during Dairy Days, visit www.dairydays.org .  Penn Station is located very close to the festivies.  Come check us out!
May 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Want to get active as the weather changes?  Check out http://www.meridiancity.org/parks_rec.aspx?id=2704 .  You can sign-up for a sports league or tournament to keep your family moving this summer. 
May 15, 2010 is FREE FAMILY FISHING DAY at Settler's Park Pond in Meridian.  Everyone is invited to fish, no license or equipment is necessary.  Prizes will be awarded to the 5 biggest catches of the day.  8:30am to 11:00 am.  Stop by and see why Penn Station is the GREATEST place to live in Meridian!
April, 1, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Don't miss out on the 33rd Annual Optimist Easter Egg Hunt this Saturday at 11:00 Meridian Elementary
School Playground.   Come let your toddlers up to 10 years old participate in the fun!  www.meridianoptimist.org   or visit the Community Easter Egg Hunt from 10 am to Noon at the Bear Creek Park for ages 0-12 www.valleyshepherd.org .  Great things happening in Meridian...stop by Penn Station Apartments and pick up our flier.  See why Penn Station is THE PLACE to live in MERIDIAN.
March 3, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Have you heard about Destination Downtown?  Well, they are looking for input, opinions, and vision, from you!  Destination Downtown is an effort to create a plan for downtown Meridian.  What do you want your downtown core to look like?  Check out their website at http://www.destination-downtown.org/home , then
come see all the changes that have been going on at Penn Station Apartments.  I think that you will see that living here might fit your style.
February 4, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Meridian Chili Feed February 20, 2010 from 11-3pm.  Coordinated by the Meridian Fire Department right next to the Speedway at the Meridian Dairy Barn.  Support the Fire Burn-Out Fund while tasting some great chili!  Bring the whole family, and don't forget to come by Penn Station Apartments our new landscaping and sign are in and looking great!
January 26, 2010 - Meridian, ID
Penn Station is getting a fresh look for the new year!
New mailboxes have been installed, new paint jobs, an updated entry sign,
and upgraded landscaping are all making Penn Station the place to live.
Come by and check us out.
ABOUT PENN STATION
Penn Station Apartments is a quaint 40 unit community located in the heart of Meridian, Idaho.  This community is located close to I-84, but far enough away to be quiet.  To learn more, please click on Leasing Center and Your Neighborhood or contact us at 208.830.5048.
Penn Station Apartments - Meridian, ID - 208.830.5048
