Hotels Near Penn State Main Campus
New York City has several main transportation hubs. Two of the largest are Penn Station at 34th Street and 7th Avenue, and Grand Central Station at 42nd Street and Park Avenue.  These landmark transportation hubs temporarily shelter thousands of travelers a day while serving as major stops for New Jersey Transit, Metro-North Railroad, Long Island Railroad and the the New York City Subway. To get from Grand Central to Penn Station, you&amp;#039;ll need to travel westward and downtown. Luckily, Manhattan has several methods that are easy to understand and cost-effective.
By Subway
Step 1
Walk to the entrance for the purple 7 or gray S line running west towards Times Square/42nd Street.
Step 2
Pay the fare with a MetroCard or single ride pass available for purchase through a MetroCard vending machine or attended information booth. Enter the system through the turnstile and board the train.
Step 3
Ride the train to the last stop on the line, Times Square/42nd Street. Take the exit towards Port Authority Bus Terminal and subway lines 1, 2 and 3 (red) or A,C and E (blue). Do not leave the system at any time, or you&#039;ll have to pay the fare again.
Step 4
Board the 1,2,3 or A,C,E train heading downtown to the Penn Station/34th Street stop.
By Taxi
Step 1
Follow the signs in Grand Central Station that direct you towards the street and taxi area.
Step 2
Stand in the cab queue and wait for an available car to pull up. Don&#039;t attempt to skip the line by going up Park Avenue to hail a car; this is seen as rude, and many cabs won&#039;t stop for you.
Step 3
Direct the driver to Penn Station and specify which entrance you&#039;d like to arrive at. 33rd and 8th Avenue is close to New Jersey Transit and Amtrak; the Madison Square Garden entrance, where most cabs discharge passengers, is near New Jersey Transit and the Long Island Rail Road.
References
MTA: New York City Subway Map
About the Author
Gigi Starr is a freelance fashion writer. She previously served as the blog editor for a major online fashion blog and has more than a decade of backstage experience in the beauty and high fashion industries. She has worked for businesses like an internationally renowned theatrical touring company and events such as the Mercedes-Benz N.Y.C. Fashion Week.
Photo Credits
Grand central station in new york image by gary from <a href='http://www.fotolia.com'>fotolia.com</a>
More Articles
