Special events
What's going on nearby.
The Meadowlands Liberty region is perhaps one of the most dynamic destinations in the world, offering a tremendously wide array of experiences, events, and entertainment for an area of its size. The Meadowlands Sports Complex is synonymous with world class spectator sporting events and regularly features the contests of the NFL, NBA, NCAA, NHL, and professional horse racing. Liberty State Park and the region are proud stewards to the nation's most enduring symbol of freedom, The Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. We offer diverse cultural and educational museums like the Liberty Science Center and its IMAX theater.
A stunning and often underestimated facet of the Meadowlands Liberty region is its inherent natural beauty. The New Jersey Meadowlands Commission has an incredible exploration center that allows visitors to immerse themselves into and understand the plethora of wildlife that abounds in our wetlands. Additionally, the area holds a newly commissioned Audubon Trail through what is the 2nd largest bird sanctuary on the Eastern seaboard. And throughout the Meadowlands Liberty region there are many parks and other places with incredible New York City views.
Traveling To, From, and within the Meadowlands Liberty region couldn't be any easier. The immediate area is served by Newark Liberty Airport (EWR) and Teterboro Airport (TEB), the Secaucus (SEC) and Hoboken (HOB) junction NJ TRANSIT stations, a multitude of other train, light rail, and bus stops, and the river ferries to Manhattan. The area is 5 minutes from midtown New York City, which, surprisingly, is closer than Wall Street. A full spectrum of hotels, restaurants, and meeting halls make staying here a cinch. Or come and take advantage of the incredible bargains, the outlets, or the tax-free clothing.
The region is rich culturally and has an evolving history that promises an exciting future for the Meadowlands Liberty region. There are numerous Houses of Worship and colleges and professional schools of all varieties. And the region is emerging as the newest financial services hub, Wall Street West.
