DIRECTIONS FROM THE HOTEL STAFF
From the Garden State Parkway South:
Get off at Exit 142.  Follow Signs for Route 78 East.  Follow Route 78 East directions.
From Interstate 78 East:
Get off at Exit 58A.  Follow signs to 1&9 South and take the second exit which will be Route 21North (Newark/McCarter Highway). Proceed over bridge and follow directions from Route 21 North.
From Route 21 North:
Follow Route 21 for approximately 2 miles until you come to a tall white building that reads Gateway Center.  Make a right turn onto Market Street, and at the next traffic light, make a left turn onto Raymond Plaza West.  The Pennsylvania Train Station will be on your right, and the Hotel and Edison Parking
Garage will be on your left.
From the Lincoln Tunnel:
Take New Jersey Turnpike South.  Follow New Jersey Turnpike (95 North or South) directions.
From the George Washington Bridge:
Take the Bridge to the New Jersey Turnpike South.  Follow New Jersey Turnpike (95 North or South) directions.
From Staten Island:
Take the Goethals Bridge to the New Jersey Turnpike North.  Follow New Jersey Turnpike (95 North or South) directions.
From the New Jersey Turnpike (95 North or South):
Take the New Jersey Turnpike  to Exit 15E.  After paying tolls, follow sign for Newark (Raymond Boulevard).  Follow Raymond Boulevard directions.
From the Holland Tunnel:
Take Route 1&9 South to the Pulaski Skyway for three miles to the Newark (Raymond Boulevard) Exit.  When you turn off the Pulaski Skyway, proceed straight to the second stop sign; make a right onto Raymond Boulevard.  Follow Raymond Boulevard directions.
From Raymond Boulevard:
You will travel approximately 2 miles, and there will be a Gulf Gas Station on your left (there will also be
a Hess Gas Station ahead on the right).  Continue past the Gulf Gas Station and pass the Jefferson Street exit. Take the next exit onto Market Street.  Go through three traffic lights and make a right turn onto Raymond Plaza West.  The Pennsylvania Train Station will be on your right, and the Hotel and Edison Parking Garage will be on your left.
From the Garden State Parkway North:
Get off at Exit 145.  Follow signs for Route 280 East and follow Route 280 East/West directions.*
From Route 280 East/West:
Get off at Exit 15.  Follow the off ramp out onto Route 21 South (McCarter Highway).  Travel 10 traffic
lights and make a left  Onto Raymond Boulevard.  You will see the Hotel directly in front of you to the
right.  Bear right when making turn onto Raymond Boulevard.  You will then see a sign that reads “Hilton Entrance” make a right at that sign and the Hotel entrance will be on your right along with the Edison Parking Garage.
HOW TO GET HERE
John F. Kennedy International Airport
JFK Airport
DIRECTIONS
From airport, take the Van Wyck expressway to Belt Parkway to over the Verranzano-Narrows bridge.  Follow the signs for Goethals Bridge to the New Jersey turnpike north to Exit 15. Raymond Boulevard go west for 2.5 miles . Hotel on left.
Distance from Hotel: 30 mi.
Drive Time: 90 min.
TRANSPORTATION TO AND FROM AIRPORT :
Type
