Tweet
Penn Station is one of the most popular choices for eating out mainly because of the wide spread of subs it offers. Both classic and innovative, this food chain clubs an array of tastes to bring forth mouth-watering subs to indulge you. Whether you love meat or you are a vegetarian, penn station menu has something to offer every food lover.
Any food connoisseur will undoubtedly agree that ham, beef and bacon form the best stuffing for any sub. You can choose your favorite steak, beef or pork, spiced up with onions, peppers, mayonnaise, brown mustard and pizza sauce in the form of Philadelphia Cheese Steak. It will delight your senses with its irresistible aroma and flavor. There is also the super savory Classic Club that combines smoked ham, turkey or bacon with lettuce, honey mustard, mayonnaise and ripe tomatoes. The Reuben indulges your taste buds as it combines roasted corned beef with a dressing of your choice.
If you love chicken, the penn station menu will spoil you with choices. Chicken Terriyaki is a popular choice where tender pieces of chicken breast are cooked in Terriyaki sauce and seasoned with either fresh mushrooms or sautéed onions according to your preference. Chicken Parmesan uses a rather exotic stuffing of diced chicken breast cooked with provolone, parmesan, oregano and pizza sauce with a topping of either sautéed onions or fresh mushrooms. The Chicken Cordon Blue offers the extravagance of chicken and ham combined with a dressing of lettuce, mayo, tomatoes and honey mustard.
If you are fond of Italian cuisine, they bring you the best tastes from Italy in the form of sub stuffing. You can go for pizza or sausage that combines pepperoni, ham, salami, provolone, parmesan, lettuce, red onion, tomatoes, red wine, oregano and mayo to get a host of different flavors.
If you decide on a lighter delicacy, there are still plenty of choices. You can go for a Grilled Artichoke, Grilled vegetable or a Chicken or Tuna Salad with the sauce or pickle of your choice. You can even customize your favorite ingredients into a delicious sub. Choose the meat of your preference and club it with vegetables, herbs and sauce of your choice to treat yourself a divine experience.
You can complement your sub with side orders. There are extras like freshly fried potatoes, cheese breads, chips and cookies. If you are in a mood for some extravagance you may order an extra topping of your favorite meat or cheese. The food chain also brings for you beverages like freshly squeezed lemonades, freshly brewed iced tea, soft drinks or still water. There is also a Kids special menu that offers a small size sandwich with fries, kids cup beverages and a lollipop.
Apart from these, every month a particular sub is promoted as the pick of the month. If you have a party in mind Penn Station comes at your service with Party Sub Trays and Box Lunches along with a selection of chips, cookies and beverages. They take care to maintain optimum nutrition standards while at the same time gift you your best dining experience.
