Traveling Via Amtrak Throughout the Northeast
This was also problematic, as a tunnel would be difficult to ventilate and was incompatible with the steam locomotives then in use by Pennsylvania Railroad. In addition, the New York State Legislature passed a law forbidding the use of steam locomotives in New York City after July 1, 1908. Fortunately, the concurrent development of electrically powered locomotives made the construction of a railway tunnel under the Hudson River a viable proposition for Pennsylvania Railroad.
In 1901, PRR President Alexander Cassatt announced that Pennsylvania Railroad was building a rail link under the Hudson River and a new station south of 34th Street in Manhattan.(Aaron E. Klein, New York Central. Greenwich, Connecticut: Bison Books, 1985)
The original structure was made of pink granite and marked by an imposing colonnade of Corinthian columns. The station consisted of a monumental entrance, as well as a main concourse and waiting room, modeled on the Baths of Caracalla in Rome. This space was roughly the same size as St. Peter’s Basilica in Rome and was the largest enclosed space in the world at the time of its construction. The engine sheds and boarding platforms were covered by a steel and glass canopy.(Frederick N. Rasmussen, “From the Gilded Age, a monument to transit”, Baltimore Sun, April 21, 2007)
During Penn Station’s 50 year life, hundreds of trains arrived and departed every day, serving points as far away as St. Louis and Chicago. During and after World War I, Pennsylvania Railroad’s other archrival, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad briefly used Penn Station as its East Coast terminus. This arrangement lasted until 1926, when PRR denied B&O access to the station.
Use of Penn Station peaked during World War II. After the war, passenger railways saw a decline in ridership, as the jet airplane came of age. By the end of the decade, PRR began looking for a way to divest itself from the expense of maintaining Penn Station (“Farewell to Penn Station”, The New York Times, October 30, 1963).
Demolition of Penn Station
It did this by optioning the air rights to the station.
In exchange for a new, underground, station, PRR would receive a 25% share of the newly constructed Madison Square Garden. In an “act of monumental vandalism” that brought international outrage, Penn Station’s original surface structure was demolished in 1963.( Moynihan to Help Recreate NYC Penn Station )
The outcry over the demolition of Penn Station led to the passage of numerous preservation statutes by both the city and state of New York. It also prompted activists to question the development scheme mentality that was common in the 1960s. It also eroded confidence in modernism and urban renewal. This has led to a movement to rebuild Penn Station in an attempt to atone for the loss of an architectural treasure.
Copyright Terry Long . Contact the author to obtain permission for republication.
Terry Long - I hold degrees in history and journalism. In addition to my contributions to Suite 101, I have also written for the Brampton Bulletin, the ...
