PENN STATION’S CLICKING, OLD TRAIN BOARD SHUNTED ASIDE
By JOHN M. HUBBELL
NEW YORK (AP) — The boxy black sign is holding all of
them captive — the love-locked couples, the weary commuters,
the students heading home.
It's afternoon in Penn Station. The day's pace is
quickening, more trains are pulling out. Yet under the
departure board at its center, an attentive stillness
dominates a patch of shiny linoleum as passengers await the
sign's message.
Sheila Herriott, the station announcer, disrupts the calm
with an upbeat "All aboard!" The board's domino rows of
white-on-black letters click through the alphabet before the
name and track number of a departing train appear, and
travelers rush to get aboard.
Now the board, too, is departing — a casualty of
increasing rail traffic in Amtrak's burgeoning Northeast
corridor. A gleaming, digital sign, already hanging nearby,
should be switched on sometime this month.
"It's called technological advancement," Herriott says,
laughing in the booth where she commands the sign, known as
the "Solari" from the name of its Italian manufacturer.
The upgrade doesn't faze Herriott — she'll run the new
sign, too — except the replacement board can speak. Just how
much it will say is uncertain, but Amtrak officials note
that "All aboard," now Herriott's domain, could be part of
its vocabulary.
It's impossible to know how many passengers have stood
watching the Solari since 1966, when it replaced an older,
similar sign. But 500,000 people pass through Penn Station
each day, many departing on the 1,000 daily trains.
For some, the sign's disappearance will mean another bit
of the past gone, like replacing ham and eggs in Carolina
with a breakfast biscuit sealed in cellophane.
"It's kind of mesmerizing to watch the letters click to
their next destination," said Joe Mitchell, 33, waiting to
leave for Wilmington, Del. "It's certainly an impression I
get every time I come here."
Standing nearby as the Solari whirred above, Vanessa
Pagan, 21, a Rutgers University student, said she likes "the
noise it makes, and trying to decide what's going on next."
"When I saw that they were making something new — well, I
don't know," Pagan said. New Yorkers, she said, have "the
subway sound, you have the bus sound, and you have that
sound."
Yet the frequent, near-musical clicks are themselves
testimony for change.
With trains leaving more quickly than the Solari can
display them, the board is "starting to get past its
lifetime," said John Roseen, Amtrak's manager of customer
service. "When we get into the rush hour, we start running
out of room on the board."
The new, $300,000 digital board can display 16 trains at
once, plus service announcements, all in big, colored
letters. The Solari shows only eight trains.
Other Solaris remain in use elsewhere, including Boston
station. Roseen isn't sure where the Penn Station sign is
headed — maybe another station, a museum, a back lot.
Over time, some Penn Station workers say they’ve come to
see the Solari as part of their role in life, a symbol that
train travel is somehow more personal, more human.
"We are everything here, from psychiatrists to
information people to doctors," said Karen Robinson, an
Amtrak employee for 21 years. "The whole feeling of the
station is changing, and the board is something that is
going along with it."
Herriott hopes the new, voice-programmable sign won't add
to the colder world she sees hurrying past. One memory
sticks with her as the worst of modern life: A man suffered
a heart attack by the board, and impatient travelers rushed
past, some even jumping over the prone figure.
"That'd be a bad way to go out — to die in Penn Station,"
said Herriott, 44.
Retired Penn Station announcer Daniel Simmons Jr.
understands the personal touch in train travel but says time
can't stand still, even if it feels that way waiting for a
train.
"Automation, you can't stop it," said Simmons, 73, from
his home in Delran, N.J. Retired since 1994, he still
recalls sometimes getting applause from travelers as he sang
out the destinations of departing trains.
"I'd put more step in their pep," he said, "because I'd
be rappin'."
Simmons hopes some personality will linger at Penn
Station after the Solari is gone. Not everyone, he said,
comes to a train station just to leave.
"I used to have a little old lady who would get off of
work at eight or nine o'clock and stand there and look at me
for a half-hour, just listening to me," he remembered.
"Then she would throw me a kiss, and say goodnight, and
go home."
