Newark Penn Station
Railroad level
Has six tracks and several platform      faces. Looking West, from left to right, these are as follows:
Side Platform
Track A - NJT & Amtrak       Eastbound arrivals
Track 1 - NJT & Amtrak       Eastbound arrivals
Island Platform . On the PATH side it is       known as platform B.
PATH Track "B" - World Trade       Center departures
Island Platform (Shared with       track 2. The PATH side of the platform is known as Platform C)
Track 2 - Amtrak Eastbound       arrivals
Track 3 - Amtrak (mostly)       Westbound departures
Island Platform
Track 4 - NJT & Amtrak       Westbound departures
Track 5 - NJT (Raritan Valley       Line) Westbound departures
Side Platform
The island platform between Track 1  and Track B is divided up the middle by waiting rooms, wrought      iron railing, and PATH turnstiles.  Likewise for the      platform between track 2 and PATH. The other platforms have      small enclosed waiting areas. Easy connection can be made here      to NJT's Newark City Subway, PATH trains to Hoboken, Jersey      City, and New York, and Greyhound buses. PATH trains also use an      upper level, platform H with a ramp to tracks 3 and 4 and a      second ramp to track 5 plus stairways to track 2.This track is      normally used for PATH trains arriving at Newark from the World      Trade Center, but PATH is 100% reverse signaled so any PATH      train could use either track. 
City Subway Level
The Newark Subway operates out of the lower level, the      entrance to which is located in the extreme northeast corner of      the station. Stairs descend to an intermediate level where there      is a old wooden token booth and artwork in bronze of subway      riders. This artwork is entitled The Commuters by Gregory      Gurevich and was installed in 1994. Passengers exiting the      station use an escalator which bypasses this intermediate level      directly to the Pennsylvania Station concourse at street level.      The exit is located near the bus lanes and sports a sign to "Busses" (sic).
Down one more flight from the mezzanine level, the subway      station has five low platforms with a wooden crosswalk between      them (kept closed). The two side platforms  and first      islands are used for regular passenger service. Lighting is      fluorescent and walls are tan tile.  Platform 1 (Side) and      two (Island) are for Outbound and platform 5(side) and four      island) for inbound. To change trains you ride around the loop.      Trains on platform one open doors on both sides to allow for      change of trains
The station area formerly served as the main maintenance      shops for the 1940s-era PCC vehicles of the City Subway.      In-between the side platform area is a maintenance shop and      small yard for storage of the trolleys. At the south end of the      station are two loops for turning the cars. New Jersey Transit      indicated that the outer loop has an 82 foot turning radius and      the inner loop has a 62 foot turning radius.
 
Contact us at    subway-buff@stationreporter.net (paste this address into your e-mail    program)
 
All rights reserved by Station    reporter.net.
Permission granted to use brief citations with a statement "courtesy of www.stationreporter.net"
