Official Homepage
About Penn Station East Coast Subs
Penn Station East Coast Subs is an upscale, quick-casual restaurant chain, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.  There are currently over 173 Penn Station Restaurants in 12 states.
The chain is known for its trademark sandwich, the Philadelphia Cheesesteak Sub. Hand-cut French Fries, Fresh-Squeezed Lemonade and its "signature" Fresh-baked French Bread are customer favorites at Penn Station East Coast Sub
Company History
Penn Station's origins can be traced back to Jeff Osterfeld's first venture upon graduation from college in 1983, as owner/operator of "Jeffrey's Delicatessen" in the Dayton Mall in Dayton, Ohio. It was here that the roots of the "ownership mentality" began to form for the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Penn Station, Inc. Jeff saw first-hand the impact his presence in the store had on product quality, customer service and sales. On a trip to Philadelphia and other parts of the East Coast of the United States to research the East Coast version of the submarine sandwich, Jeff was particularly attracted by the popularity of the cheesesteak sandwich. This trip prompted an addition to the deli's menu of a variation of the Philadelphia cheesesteak sandwich he had sampled on the south side of Philly. This sandwich became an instant hit with customers.
Jeff took his innovative ideas on quick service dining to downtown Cincinnati where he opened his first Penn Station® Restaurant in 1985. The original menu had four sandwiches and featured the grilled cheesesteak, fresh-cut french fries and hand-squeezed lemonade, with the order prepared directly in front of the customers using the freshest ingredients available. In 1987, Jeff's vision for an upscale, quick -service dining experience revolving around "fresh ingredients and display cooking" was formulated into a franchising concept. This began the evolution into what is now an extraordinarily successful concept that has grown to over 182 units throughout Cincinnati, Columbus, Dayton, Canton, Cleveland and Toledo, Ohio; Indianapolis, Evansville, Terre Haute, Lafayette, Bloomington, Anderson, Fort Wayne, Muncie and Richmond, Indiana; Lexington, Louisville, Richmond, Elizabethtown, Paducah, Shelbyville, Ashland and Frankfort, Kentucky; St. Louis, Missouri; Charlotte, Greensboro and Raleigh, North Carolina; Rock Hill, South Carolina; Danville, Fairview Heights, Granite City and Champaign - Urbana, Illinois; Murfreesboro and Nashville, TN; Charleston and Huntington, WV; Detroit, Michigan and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Social Reach:
This web page does not constitute a franchise offering or an offer to sell a franchise. A franchise offering can be made by us only in a state if we are first registered, excluded, exempted or otherwise qualified to offer franchises in that state, and only if we provide you with an appropriate franchise disclosure document.
Penn Station East Coast Subs is an upscale, quick-casual restaurant chain, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Browse:
