Currency Converter
Location: 7th Avenue and 8th Avenue between 31st Street & 33rd Street, New York, NY 10001
Penn Station provides commuters with services extending south to Washington, D.C., and north to Boston. Intercity trains are operated by Amtrak, while commuter rail services are operated by the Long Island Rail Road and New Jersey Transit. The station is also connected to six New York City Subway lines.
Pennsylvania Station, known as Penn Station, receives it's name from it's original owners an builders, the Pennsylvania Railroad. Penn Station is the major intercity rail station and a major commuter rail hub in New York City. The station is located in the underground levels of Pennsylvania Plaza, an urban complex at 8th Avenue and 31st Street in Midtown Manhattan, and is currently owned by Amtrak. Penn Station serves roughly 600,000 passengers a day at a rate of up to a thousand every 90 seconds, making it the busiest passenger transportation facility in the United States and one of the busiest train stations in North America.
Penn Station is the busiest Amtrak station in the United States. The station saw 4.3 million Amtrak boardings in 2004, more than double the traffic at the next busiest station, Union Station in Washington, D.C.
Penn Station's IATA airport code is (ZYP).
Amtrak and NJ Transit station code is (NYP).
 
For maps and schedules and fares visit the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for the State of New York.
Amtrak Lines: Acela Express      Adirondack      Cardinal      Carolinian      Crescent      Empire Service      Ethan Allen Express      Keystone Service      Lake Shore Limited      Maple Leaf      Pennsylvanian      Northeast Regional      Palmetto      Silver Meteor      Silver Star      Vermonter
Long Island Rail Road: Main Line      (City Terminal Zone)      Port Washington Branch
New Jersey Transit: Northeast Corridor Line      North Jersey Coast Line      Montclair-Boonton Line      Morristown Line      Gladstone Branch
Connections:
MTA NYC Bus: M4, M10, M16, M20, M34, Q32
MTA NYC Subway: 1 2 3, A C E
MTA Bus: QM24
Atlantic Express: AE7, X23, X24
Megabus: M21, M22, M23, M24, M26
Greyhound Lines: BoltBus and NeOn
New York Airport Service: Thruway Motorcoach service to airports
Copyright 2008 - Train Station Hotel Depot, All Rights Reserved
Home | Train Station Hotels | Train Station Hostels | Train Info | Vacation Packages | Attractions/Tickets | Tours | Site Map
Train Station Hotel Depot
We are a growing company, providing specialized listings of hotel and hostel accomodations near and surrounding train stations, railway and rail stations. We are currently in Europe, with global expansions planned for the near future. Bookmark this page and watch how easy we make finding hotels near train stations.
