Shelves: informational-books-biographies
Summary and Review-
Old Penn Station is a wonderful informational picture book for young readers.  William Low, author and illustrator of this book, was born and raised in New York City.  His first-hand knowledge of the subject was evident in this book especially through the detailed and accurate illustrations.
Old Penn Station was the first train station to be built in NYC.  Before it was built people would get off a train in New Jersey and get on a ferry to Manhattan.  In 1910 a beautiful train sta ...more Summary and Review-
Old Penn Station is a wonderful informational picture book for young readers.  William Low, author and illustrator of this book, was born and raised in New York City.  His first-hand knowledge of the subject was evident in this book especially through the detailed and accurate illustrations.
Old Penn Station was the first train station to be built in NYC.  Before it was built people would get off a train in New Jersey and get on a ferry to Manhattan.  In 1910 a beautiful train station was built, it was actually supposed to seem more like a "palace."  In it were restaurants, beautiful waiting rooms, shoeshiners, and more.  Beautiful statues were created for both the inside and outside of the station.  However, as modes of transportation changed and less people were taking locomotive trains, Old Penn Station began to struggle.  It was decided by a number of people in New York to tear down the historic building and move the station underground and make it a base for Madison Square Garden.  Sadly, the statues and wonderful architecture was all destroyed.  Many people were angry with the destruction of the building and now a Preservation Commission was created to avoid destruction of historical buildings like this.
I found this book to be so interesting because I had absolutely no knowledge of the content.  I have been to NY once, but never knew of Old Penn Station or had even thought about how people had gotten to Manhattan in the late 1800s.  The text in this book is simple and easy to grasp and the pictures are eye catching (beautiful oil paintings!).  This is a great book to read if you're interested in learning about trains or NYC. (less)
