Posted on April 30, 2011 by admin
The idea for an East Coast sub restaurant came to Jeff Osterfeld after he graduated from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. In 1983, he opened “Jeffrey’s Delicatessen” at Dayton Mall in Dayton, Ohio. It was during a trip to Philadelphia that he very first realized the reputation with the cheese steak sandwich. He started out selling a version with the cheese steak sandwich at his personal restaurant, and it immediately became a large hit. He eventually expanded to Cincinnati, wherever he opened his very first Penn Station restaurant in 1985. Originally, only four sandwiches had been available, for instance the cheese steak. However, this very first restaurant also available fresh-cut French fries and freshly squeezed lemonade, a couple of items that would turn out to be trademarks for Penn Station in the future. By 1987, Osterfeld had opened quite a few Penn Station restaurants in and around Cincinnati. He started out selling franchises that year and restaurants soon opened in St. Louis, Louisville, and Nashville. Today, Penn Station has turn out to be a big chain across the South and Midwest, with 207 restaurants currently open.
Penn Station serves 14 sorts of subs, ranging from its trademark Philly Cheese steak sub towards “create it yourself” Dagwood. All sandwiches are created to order in front with the customer. Sandwiches are available in five sizes: a kid’s size is 4 inches long; a lite is 6 inches long, modest is 8 inches, a medium is 10 inches, and a big is 12 inches. Other Penn Station “signatures” include: hand-cut French fries, fresh-squeezed lemonade that is certainly created daily and fresh-baked Sourdough bread. Recently, Penn Station has started offering fresh salads, following a trend in providing healthier menu options. The salads, like the sandwiches, are created fresh. They are simply a “bread-less” version of the specific sandwich.
Reds fans will now be able to satisfy their craving for Penn Station East Coast Subs whilst enjoying the game at Great American Ball Park. Penn Station has just inked a deal with the Cincinnati Reds. Starting May possibly 4th, Cheese steak Subs and Fresh-Cut Fries, the chain’s best sellers, will probably be available at a couple of concession kiosks in the ballpark. Shoppers is also assured their Penn Station ball park fries will probably be cut fresh each game day, for instance they are everyday in the restaurant. Not quite a few ball park food vendors in the region can promise that. Penn Station stands out as the newest in Cincinnati-founded restaurants and restaurant chains (including, LaRosas, Skyline Chili, Montgomery Inn) to have a presence in the Great American Ball Park. Penn Station is grateful towards Reds for their help of local businesses.
In addition to its trademark Philadelphia Cheese steak Sub, Penn Station’s 41 Cincinnati store locations also offer other hot-grilled to order sandwiches for instance Chicken Cordon Blue; Chicken Teriyaki; Chicken Parmesan; Pizza; Italian; Club; Reuben; Vegetarian and a fresh-grilled Artichoke Sub, certain to Penn Station. The menu also features a Chicken Salad Sub Sandwich, ten Sub Salads and a Kid’s Meal round out the Penn Station menu.
Penn Station printable coupons are also applied at several of their 205 restaurants in 11 states for discounts and deals on their menu items. They range from discounted costs and dollars-off their subs, for instance their trademark Philly cheese steak, to no cost side items like fresh-cut French fries, cheese bread, desserts, fresh-squeezed lemonade as well as other beverages. Printable coupons for Penn Station East Coast Subs are also observed directly issued in the company. Just for signing up for their East Coast Club, members receive one for a single free sub.
