Amtrak train derails after leaving New York station
By the CNN Wire Staff | February 7, 2011
A Boston-bound Amtrak train derailed Monday afternoon just east of New York City's Penn Station, the rail service said.      No injuries were reported among the approximately 147 passengers and an unspecified number of crew members, Amtrak said in a news release. It called the accident, which occurred at 12:25 p.m., a "low-speed derailment. "      The passengers were taken back to Penn Station in Manhattan, where arrangements were made to "provide them travel on another train," Amtrak said.
Advertisement
Counter-terrorism team helps deliver baby at Penn Station
By Citabria Stevens CNN | March 18, 2009
NYPD officers on counter-terrorism patrol helped deliver a baby during morning rush hour in the middle of New York's bustling Penn Station Wednesday.      "Forget the ambulance, forget everything else -- I'm going to have the baby right here," new mother Marie Boothe recalled at a news conference later in the day.      Three members of the police department's counter-terrorism patrol team who were in the station and an Amtrak police officer stepped in to help deliver the seven-pound baby boy under the departures sign at 7:20 a.m.      The newborn was greeted by fellow commuters in typical New York City fashion.
US
Your e-mails: Creative commutes
December 22, 2005
Millions of New York City commuters found new ways around town amid a transit strike that brought the country's largest public transportation system to a grinding halt. CNN.com asked readers to e-mail their travel stories. Here are a few of their responses, some of which have been edited:      I decided to bring a little "Southern Hospitality" to New York during this recent transit strike. Having recently come to New York to work from Atlanta, everyone thought that I was crazy for bringing my vehicle here, and told me that I would never need it. When I learned that the strike was continuing again this morning, I decided to drive in to work again, and I offered a group of people near Central Park West a free ride downtown.
POLITICS
Wary New York stands guard
By Bryan Long CNN | August 27, 2004
Anarchist, terrorist. Train, truck or bus. Whatever the threat, New York's finest say they are prepared.      New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly assures the world that his 37,000 uniformed officers are ready for any disruption or attack on the Republican National Convention.      "We have prepared our response to be one of flexibility, one of mobility, of being able to move quickly in small tactical groups but also to mass our resources if necessary," Kelly said.      The city has taken stringent precautions.
US
Trains collide in New York's Penn Station
April 19, 2004
An Amtrak train slammed into a Long Island Rail Road commuter train parked at New York's Penn Station during Monday rush hour, causing minor injuries to 130 people, the New York Fire Department said.      Emergency crews evacuated at least a dozen passengers on stretchers and treated some on the scene.      It was unclear what caused the accident.      Witnesses said a Long Island Rail Road train was inside the station on Track 14 when it was hit by the Amtrak train.      Three crew members were on the Amtrak train, but no passengers were on board, said Dan Stessel, an Amtrak representative.
TRAVEL
The train can ease your holiday airport woes
December 17, 2003
With crowds, tight parking, hot tempers and new security measures, the airport is not always a fun place to be during the holidays. Don't subject your friends and family to that. Instead of asking someone to drive all the way out to the airport to meet you when you fly home for the holidays, take the train instead.      Here's how:      New York City: This week, the long awaited, frequently postponed, AirTrain-JFK makes its debut at New York's Kennedy Airport. The fare from JFK to the Airtrain terminals at Howard Beach or Jamaica is $5. If you take the Long Island Railroad from Jamaica into Penn Station, it's $6.75, and if you take the subway from Howard Beach, it's $2. So the total fare from JFK to Manhattan is either $7 or $11.75, depending on how you go. The downside is that the journey is not seamless.
ENTERTAINMENT
Author follows 'A Cold Case'
Todd Leopold||CNN | August 20, 2001
Andy Rosenzweig was a good cop. In three decades as one of New York's Finest, the last few years as chief investigator for the Manhattan District Attorney's office, he'd almost always gotten his man. He was clean -- not the easiest thing where he came up, in a rough precinct riddled with guys on the take -- and he was thorough.      That's why the murders of Richie Glennon and Pete McGinn bothered him. The main suspect in the 1970 crime, a self-styled James Cagneyesque hoodlum named Frank Koehler, had vanished.
US
Penn Station to become N.Y.s other grand station
May 19, 1999
NEW YORK CNN Theres just one grand railroad station in New York City, but thats likely to change in a few years. ;A plan unveiled Wednesday to rebuild Penn Station would put the busy underground West Side Manhattan transit hub on street level again with a design intended to earn it the artistic admiration now given only to the East Sides Grand Central Terminal.;President Clinton was in New York to help formally launch the 500 million redevelopment project which is scheduled for completion in 2003.
ENTERTAINMENT
Books A Patchwork Planet by Anne Tyler
August 5, 1998
A Patchwork PlanetAnne TylerKnopf;In her fourteenth novel, Anne Tyler, winner of the 1988 Pulitzer Prize, tells the story of a lovable loser whos trying to get his life in order. ;I am a man you can trust, is how my customers view me. Or at least, Im guessing it is. Why else would they hand me their house keys before they leave for vacation Why else would they depend on me to clear their attics for them, heave their air conditioners into their windows every spring, lug their excess furniture to their basements Mind your step, young fellow; thats Hepplewhite, Mrs. Rodney says, and then she goes into her kitchen to brew a pot of tea. I could get up to anything in that basement.
