train stations
As New York City’s busiest commuter hub, Penn Station serves three passenger railroad lines: Amtrak, New Jersey Transit, and the Long Island Railroad. The station also connects to the New York City subway , Penn Plaza, and Madison Square Garden and is just a short walk from Herald Square in midtown Manhattan.
Location: The main entrance to Penn Station is located on 7th Avenue between 31st and 33rd Streets. There are also entrances via subway stations on 34th Street and 7th Avenue and on 34th Street and 8th Avenue.
Directions: Penn Station is easily accessible by subway and bus.
Subway:The 1/2/3 trains to 34th Street take you directly to Penn Station. The N/Q/R/W and B/D/F/V trains are located on 6th Avenue and 34th Street, near Macy’s and Herald Square. The A/C/E trains are located on 34th Street and 8th Ave.
Bus:The following bus lines stop near Penn Station:
M4 - local and limited stop service from the Cloisters /Fort Tryon Park to 7th Ave. and 32nd Street
M10 – local service from Harlem to 8th Ave. and 31st Street
M20 – local service from Lincoln Center to 34th Street and 7th Ave. (downtown) and 8th Ave. (uptown)
M16 – local crosstown service from Waterside Plaza to 34th Street and 8th Ave.
M34 – local crosstown service from the East Side Ferry to 34th Street and 7th Ave.
Q32 – local service from Jackson Heights, Queens to 32nd Street and 7th Ave.
Rail Lines at Penn Station
Amtrak: Amtrak offers short and long distance trains to destinations in the U.S. and Canada.
New Jersey Transit: New Jersey Transit trains run from Penn Station to various destinations in New Jersey.
Long Island Rail Road (LIRR): Over 700 LIRR trains carry 280,000 travelers each day to and from all points along Long Island.
Station Layout and Amenities
Learn the layout of Penn Station before your trip and skip any undue travel stress.
Penn Station has two levels. The upper level is right below the street and the lower level is  further down. Both are accessible by elevators, escalators and stairs.
On the upper level travelers can find the New Jersey Transit and Amtrak tracks and ticket booths.
The lower level houses the Long Island Rail Road tracks and ticket stations, as well as the 1/2/3 and A/C/E subway lines. Fast food restaurants, delis, and concession stands line the central corridor of the lower level if you’re looking to snag your morning bagel or cup of coffee.
See a map of Penn Station
Penn Station History
The original Penn Station was ]a pink marble architectural masterpiece designed by the legendary McKim, Meade, and White and built in 1910. For more than 50 years, New York's Penn Station was one of the country's busiest passenger train hubs.
Train travel declined dramatically with the advent of the Jet Age. The underutilized Penn Station was demolished to make way for Madison Square Garden and the new, smaller Penn Station. The destruction of this New York architectural landmark caused outrage and is said to be the main catalyst for many of New York's current landmark preservation statutes.
The New Penn Station
Plans are underway to build a brand new train station in the magnificent Farley Post Office Building (a landmark also designed by McKim, Meade, and White). According to current plans, the new state-of-the-art train station, to be christened Moynihan Station after long-time New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, will move into the post office's enormous old mail-sorting room.
New York City's current budget crisis has reduced the scope of the project. Find out more about the current status of the plans for Moynihan Station.
Getting Around New York City
