Penn Station East Coast Subs crew ready to whet your appetite
The Charleston Gazette (Charleston, WV); July 7, 2006; 676 words
...stations, the crew of the Penn Station East Coast Subs restaurant in Kanawha City...prepping of ingredients, the Penn Station restaurant opened in March...Roger and Marilyn Kirkland, Penn Station bakes bread fresh daily. In...
Penn Station East Coast Subs: Sandwich shop is on the fast track for success in the Heartland. (Regional Powerhouse Chains).(Company Profile)
Nation's Restaurant News; January 28, 2002; 700+ words
...of the Eastern origins of Penn Station East Coast Subs' submarine and cheese...quick-service concept named Penn Station Steak & Sub with four sandwiches...concept and changed its name to Penn Station East Coast Subs in 1997. Last fall the company...
Penn Station East Coast Subs can be quite a (tasty) mouthful
Tribune-Review/Pittsburgh Tribune-Review; July 28, 2011; 536 words
...The Shadyside location of Penn Station East Coast Subs is not a fast-food restaurant...says, and still is the only Penn Station location in the state. There...serve about 350 people a day, Penn Station is something of a specialty...
Having words with Jeff Osterfeld: Founder, Penn Station East Coast Subs.(Interview)
Nation's Restaurant News; November 22, 2010; 694 words
...morphed into what is now Penn Station East Coast Subs. Based in Cincinnati...In its 27 years, Penn Station has grown to 220 units...getting a job. How did Penn Station get its start? I...cheesesteak and East Coast subs. I kind of revamped...
Penn Station signs deals for 7 franchised units.(NEWS)(Penn Station East Coast Subs)(Brief article)
Nation's Restaurant News; January 15, 2007; 223 words
CINCINNATI -- Penn Station East Coast Subs, a Philadelphia inspired sandwich chain based here, signed...locations, starting with a Collingwood, Ill., unit this month. Penn Station system newcomers Arif and Karen Pyarali agreed to develop three...
Penn Station East Coast Subs is opening its first Pittsburgh-area location and has a development deal to open five more locations in the area.(NEWS IN A MINUTE)(Brief article)
The Food Institute Report; November 27, 2006; 239 words
PENN STATION EAST COAST SUBS is opening its first Pittsburgh-area location and has a development...fresh-cut fries, fresh-brewed lemonade and other items. PENN STATION INC., the corporate parent of the chain, has grown the business...
Local Penn Station celebrates one year: Southridge location to open in June
The Charleston Gazette (Charleston, WV); March 29, 2006; 700+ words
...typical busy lunch hour at Penn Station East Coast Subs in Kanawha City, sandwich...Kirkland said. Fields said the Penn Station staff greets customers when...home here," she said. Penn Station East Coast Subs also offers carryout orders...
Penn Station details breach ; Area customers should be on lookout for false debit, credit charges.
Dayton Daily News (Dayton, OH); June 8, 2012; 390 words
...company's local restaurants. Penn Station, based in Mil-ford, said...in a certain number of its Penn Station East Coast Subs restaurants. Names and credit...a potential problem, said Penn Station President Craig Dunaway...
Sign up for a FREE, 7-day trial or call 1-888-928-9422 to request a demo.
 
