Hotels Near Pennsylvania Station in New York City
Penn Station in New York City is one of the area's major transportation hubs, connecting numerous rail and subway lines to other stations. Approximately 600,000 passengers a day pass through the station, making it one of the busiest in the world. Amtrak is just one of several rail services found in the station.
Step 1
Purchase a ticket from Penn Station to your destination either by phone or online at Amtrak's website. Fourteen routes stop at the station, including the Northeast Regional, Carolinian/Piedmont, Vermonter, Adirondack and Cardinal/Hoosier State. You can also purchase a ticket directly at Penn Station on the day of your departure but you run the risk of the train being sold out.
Step 2
Print out your train ticket purchase confirmation if ordered online and bring it with you to Penn Station.
Step 3
Arrive at Penn Station either via taxi, subway, train or bus. Subway lines arriving directly at Penn Station include the A, C, E, 1,2,3, N, R, Q, W, B, D, F and V lines. MTA buses that arrive near the station include the M4, M10, M16, M20 and M34. New Jersey Transit, PATH trains and the Long Island Railway offer train service to the station as well.
Step 4
Enter Penn Station at one of two entrances, both off of 8th Ave. One is at 31st St. and the other is at 33rd St. Follow the signs directing you to the Amtrak area.
Step 5
Head to a Quick-Trak Kiosk, which are found throughout the Amtrak area, if you purchased a ticket online. Scan your barcode from the ticket confirmation and the machine will print your ticket. You can also go to the ticketing office between 5:10 a.m. and 9:50 p.m. Those who ordered by phone will need to go to the ticket office.
Step 6
Check any baggage at the ticket office if desired. You can keep your luggage with you on Amtrak trains but it may be more convenient to check large items.
Step 7
Wait in the Amtrak waiting area or lounge until your train begins boarding. The waiting area has wireless Internet access, pay phones and ATMs.
References
Transit Center: New York Penn Station
About the Author
Sarah Schreiber has been writing since 2004, with professional experience in the nonprofit and educational sectors as well as small business. She now focuses on writing about travel, education and interior decorating and has been published on Trazzler and various other websites. Schreiber received a Bachelor of Arts in mass communications.
Photo Credits
Spencer platt/getty images news/getty images
More Articles
