Hotels Rental Cars Tickets Tours Contact
Getting Around New York
Located in Midtown Manhattan on 33rd Street, Penn Station is the busiest rail transportation hub in New York City. The busy underground transit terminal is nicely linked to six lines of the New York City Subway, which is operated by the MTA. Passengers can walk the underground tunnels of New York Penn Station to the subway stops that are served by lines 1, 2, 3, A, C, and E. These subway lines run throughout most of Manhattan, and connect to other nearby boroughs of Brooklyn, Queens, and Bronx. The A Train can be used to connect to the JFK International Airport by transferring at the Howard Beach Station. Located only a few blocks east of Penn Station, the historic Herald Square is served by several other Subway Lines including Q, R, and B trains.
More than a dozen Amtrak lines stop at New York Penn Station, making it the busiest long distance train hub in the United States. The Amtrak concourse is served by lines such Acela Express, Empire Service, Cardinal, and others that connect New York City with other major cities on the east coast, southern region, and Midwest. There is a NJ Transit terminal located on the grounds of New York Penn Station. Five total NJ Transit lines connect Manhattan with different regions of Northern and Central New Jersey. The NJ Transit Northeast Corridor stops at Newark International Airport while the North Jersey Coast Line makes stops at NJ's beautiful oceanfront beach communities. Secaucus Junction and Hoboken Terminal are some of the major transfer rail hubs in the NJ Transit system that can be reached from New York Penn Station.
Passengers at New York Penn Station have great access to a dozen Long Island Railroad lines that link New York City with all parts of Long Island, a heavily populated suburban region consisting of Nassau County and Suffolk County. The LIRR concourse is located across the NJ Transit Terminal at Penn Station.
Outside of Penn Station on Seventh Avenue and Eight Avenue there are dedicated taxi stands where passengers can wait in line to catch an NYC cab. Several major long distance bus companies such as Megabus and Greyhound Lines stop within a few blocks of Penn Station. More than a dozen MTA bus routes stop within the New York Penn Station area, and these lines can be used to navigate all of Manhattan.
Since Penn Station is literally minutes away from major Manhattan attractions such as Times Square and Empire State Building, many tourists choose to walk the streets after getting out of the busy rail terminal.
