Single-Page
A 35-foot-high Doric column rises proudly -- if oddly -- among a stand of birch trees on a hilltop in upstate New York. A delicate maiden known as ''Day'' sits in a concrete recycling plant in the Bronx. Great chunks of pink granite litter the New Jersey Meadowlands, hidden by reeds, guarded by snapping turtles.
These are the remains of the old Pennsylvania Station. And 35 years after their dispersal, many of the fragments may be coming back to Manhattan.
The Pennsylvania Station Redevelopment Corporation, a state agency, hopes to use architectural remnants from the long-lost building as decorative elements in a new passenger concourse and ticketing hall it is planning in the General Post Office, directly across Eighth Avenue from the station.
Alexandros E. Washburn, the president of the corporation, and his project associate, Marijke Smit, have tracked fragments as far as Kansas City.
Their most poignant discovery, however, has not been granite and marble but flesh and blood: the legion of preservationists -- some known, many anonymous -- who struggled in the early 1960's, before the New York City landmarks law was enacted, to save what they could of McKim, Mead & White's masterpiece.
There was the photographer Peter Moore and his wife, Barbara, who visited the station repeatedly during demolition to record its vanishing glory. There was Bayard Rustin, the civil rights leader, who recovered several balusters for his art collection.
And there was James Ahearn, a newspaper writer, who loaded his Ford with pieces from the Meadowlands, where the stonework of Pennsylvania Station had been hauled by the demolition contractor.
''People -- not governments or corporations or institutions -- have been keeping the memory of Penn Station alive for 35 years,'' said Mr. Washburn, who was only 16 months old when the wreckers went to work. ''We've found threads from the fabric of Penn Station stretching across the country. Few buildings can inspire that continuum. It makes you want to reweave those threads.''
The new Pennsylvania Station concourse is to be built within the General Post Office, an 84-year-old landmark that was also designed by McKim, Mead & White. Formally known as the James A. Farley Building, it sits directly over the Amtrak train platforms, between 31st and 33d Streets, almost like a western extension of the station.
1
