Medical Center now using new Gamma Knife radiosurgery system
Thursday, June 28, 2012
Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center this week unveiled new equipment that enhances its abilities to use radiosurgery to target brain tumors and functional disorders. The Medical Center has begun using Leksell Gamma Knife Perfexion technology, which replaces its previous Gamma Knife system.
The new system allows the surgical team to streamline the set-up for such procedures, perform radiosurgery more quickly and efficiently and treat multiple tumors during a single session. Fewer than 70 health care providers in the United States use Gamma Knife Perfexion technology, and Penn State Hershey is the first in central Pennsylvania to do so. (more)
Penn State World Campus shares grant to expand educational access
Thursday, June 28, 2012
Penn State's World Campus is one of five partners in a new venture to help underserved and low-income adults earn a college degree. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has awarded $450,000 to the Learning First project, led by the League for Innovation in the Community College and partners: Penn State World Campus, University of Massachusetts Online, University of Illinois-Springfield and Coastline Community College. (more)
New approach to preparing teachers can close student achievement gap
Thursday, June 28, 2012
Public schools are increasingly moving toward a system known as the PreK-3rd approach, in which pre-kindergartens, full-day kindergartens, and primary grades are organized as a coordinated system of education. According to Penn State researcher James Johnson, the approach is lauded as a way to help solve the problem of the achievement gap. "The PreK-3rd vision is new and emerging and is a reality in many districts," said James E. Johnson, professor of early childhood education, "and hopefully it can become more common in our colleges' and universities' teacher education programs -- in Pennsylvania and nationwide -- to further its successful implementation. That the achievement gap can be thereby reduced is a prayer behind the vision." (more)
Menopausal women could 'work out' their hot flashes
Wednesday, June 27, 2012
Menopausal women who exercise may experience fewer hot flashes in the 24 hours following physical activity, according to health researchers. In general, women who are relatively inactive or are overweight or obese tend to have a risk of increased symptoms of perceived hot flashes, said Steriani Elavsky, assistant professor of kinesiology at Penn State.
"Some physiological explanations would suggest that performing physical activity could increase hot flashes because it acutely increases body core temperature," said Elavsky. To the contrary, the researchers found that this premise was not true -- on average, the women in the study experienced fewer hot-flash symptoms after exercising. (more)
Penn State produces 70 Teach for America participants this year
Wednesday, June 27, 2012
Penn State just beat its own record. With at least 70 students signed up to Teach for America this year (the organization will have the final numbers by fall), Penn Staters are showing their commitment to expand educational opportunities for elementary and secondary school students in low-income areas. (more)
Professors share insights on how students can network with instructors
Tuesday, June 26, 2012
Students often wonder how to best connect and communicate with instructors and professors throughout their college years. There are always questions: Where do I sit in class? What methods of communication should I use? Should I go to office hours? How can I stand out and make a good impression? The questions can be endless and the answers unclear. Three Penn State faculty members offered helpful tips into the "dos" and "don'ts" for the practice of student-professor networking. (more)
Penn State awarded grant for Upward Bound programs
Tuesday, June 26, 2012
The U.S. Department of Education has awarded Penn State nearly $4 million to make higher education more accessible to students in the Commonwealth. Penn State's Upward Bound program, which addresses the vast educational needs of eligible high school students in rural central Pennsylvania, has received a grant of $2.4 million for the next five years. In addition, Penn State also has been awarded a $1.25 million grant for a new Upward Bound program that provides similar services to students with migrant farmer backgrounds. (more)
Sports journalism students set to cover Olympics in London
Tuesday, June 26, 2012
Five Penn State communications students will provide daily coverage of the 2012 Summer Olympic Games from London as part of an exclusive opportunity made possible by the John Curley Center for Sports Journalism. Competitions at the Summer Olympics are scheduled to run from July 27 through Aug. 12, and the Penn Staters will be on site in London throughout the event. "The United States Olympic Committee has provided the Curley Center with a remarkable opportunity," said Malcolm Moran, the Knight Chair in Sports Journalism and Society and director of the Curley Center. (more)
Penn State student governments respond to Jerry Sandusky trial verdict
Monday, June 25, 2012
Penn State's student government organizations -- the Council of Commonwealth Student Governments, University Park Undergraduate Association and Graduate Student Association -- have released a response to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania v. Gerald Sandusky trial verdict. (more)
Bomb-threat searches find nothing suspicious; buildings reopened
Monday, June 25, 2012
UPDATE: 2:45 p.m. Police dogs have now finished searching all three buildinds, and have not found anything suspicious. Shields, Patterson and Borland buildings all have reopened for normal University business.
UPDATE: 2:01 p.m. Police dogs have finished searching Patterson Building and nothing suspicious has been found. Police have re-opened it for normal University business. Police dogs are continuing to search Borland Building.
UPDATE: 1:21 p.m. Police dogs have finished searching Shields Building, and nothing suspicious has been found. Police have re-opened it for normal University business. Police dogs now are proceeding to Patterson and Borland Buildings to search those locations.
UPDATE, 11:45 a.m.: Police have conducted a preliminary search of the buildings and have found nothing suspicious. A police dog currently is searching Shields Building and so far has not identified anything of concern. Additional bomb-sniffing dogs are enroute to State College and will assist with the thorough search of the buildings.
UPDATE, 9:57 a.m.: As a precaution, police are evacuating Borland and Patterson buildings. Shields Building is being checked now.
Police have received a non-credible bomb threat that came into a generic University email address on Saturday night. The threat indicates there are bombs in three buildings - Patterson, Borland and Shields - that will go off if people touch them. Police do NOT consider the threat to be credible although they are still investigating and will have police officers and police dogs check the buildings. While they are notifying people in those buildings they are not evacuating. (more)
