The Late, Great Pennsylvania Station -Touring Penn Station
Some of the Many Photos and Views you will see in the book,
"The Late, Great Pennsylvania Station"
EXTERIOR: Double click to view full image (~50k)
Pennsylvania Station sat on two city blocks, stretching from 33rd to 31st Streets. Half a mile of pink granite, quaried in Milford, Mass., was used to build McKim's monumental gateway. A Roman Doric colonnade ran along its Seventh Avenue entrance, surmounted by a low attic. Twenty-two eagles, fashioned by sculptor Adolph Weinman, perched over the station's four entrances, alongside sets of maidens who were draped over huge clocks. All of the eagles survived the station's destruction. Only a few of Weinman's maidens escaped a New Jersey landfill.
ARCADE: Double click to view full image (~54k)
Pennsylvania Railroad President Alexander Cassatt wanted to give travelers arriving in New York City a preparation before they walked outside. The arcade was a metal-faced boulevard of shops, modeled after the arcades in Milan and Naples. It led to the station's main entrance, a Doric columned vestibule.
MAIN WAITING ROOM: Double click to view full image (~55k)
Modeled after the Roman Baths of Caracalla and comparable in size to the nave of St.-Peters in the Vatican, this elegant room was made of travertine marble, a honey-colored stone imported from Tivoli, Italy, that grew lustrous with the human touch. Standing on its pink marble floors, one looked up 150 feet to a coffered, vaulted ceiling.
CONCOURSE: Double click to view full image (~70k)
Architect Charles McKim had the great train sheds of Europe in mind when he designed this metal-and-glass birdcage of a room. Light filtered down from its barrel vaulted ceiling, through glass-and-cement floors to the train tracks below street level. Dust particles hung in the air, undisturbed by the train announcer's voice ringing through the vast space. In this room of blacks and greys and shadows, one's mind took a journey before one even entered a train.
CARRIAGEWAYS: Double click to view full image (~47k)
Flanking the Seventh Avenue entrance to Penn Station, two carriageways, modeled after the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, brought passengers to the Main Waiting Room. A passenger taking a Pennsylvania train would ask to be taken the the "Penn side," while passengers who wanted the Long Island Railroad would request the "Long Island side."
