A PLAN TO CREATE A MODERN GATEWAY
IN NEW YORK'S HISTORIC GENERAL POST OFFICE
A NEW PENNSYLVANIA STATION
From Sleeping Giant to Vibrant     Gateway
In 1963, the demolition of     Pennsylvania Station sent shock waves through the hearts of Americans     that still reverberate through our culture. Today, President     Clinton has the opportunity to repair that egregious mistake     and facilitate the creation of a world-class transportation hub     in the underutilized landmark General Post Office Building in     New York City. The Municipal Art Society of New York, a leading     civic voice in historic preservation and urban planning, has     a plan to do just that.
McKIM, MEAD & WHITE - Competition Winning Rendering - 1908 
The Municipal Art Society     proposes a full conversion of the James A Farley Building into     a new facility that will include a dramatically expanded Amtrak     and commuter rail station, a terminal for the future rail links     to John F Kennedy and Newark Airports and additional civic and     commercial uses that befit this remarkable building. Inspired     by the pioneering vision of Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan,     the Municipal Art Society devised this plan under the direction     of its chairman, Philip K Howard, and an ad hoc committee of     trustees.
Built in 1914 and expanded     in 1936 by the esteemed architectural partnership of McKim, Mead & White, the James A Farley Building was designed as a companion     to the firm's ill-fated Pennsylvania Station across Eighth Avenue.     The Farley Building has a monumental eight-acre footprint directly     over the Northeast Rail Corridor in the heart of the Midtown     South Business District. It is the only publicly-owned site into     which Pennsyl- vania Station can expand its growing ridership     and the only prospective site contiguous with the existing station     facilities. With the expansion of New Jersey Transit (18% in     the last two years) and increases in Long Island Railroad and     long distance rail traffic, Amtrak is compelled to find a new     facility to accommodate this growth.
Long ago, when mail distribution     was primarily by rail, the James A Farley Building was the largest     mail sorting facility in the United States. It is now used for     storage, mailbox repair and bulk sorting operations that can     be better accommodated elsewhere. The Upper Manhattan Empowerment     Zone, at the physical heart of the Postal District, is ready,     willing and able to accommodate these activities. Relocating     these industrial operations will remove 1,000 trucks per day     from Ninth Avenue and allow neighboring developments to access     the station directly from the western facade.
MODEL     - PROPOSED CONDITIONS
The MAS Plan proposes to     use the entirety of the 1,600,000 square foot James A Farley     Building for rail service and complementary civic and commercial     uses that will fully utilize this exceptional structure and spur     the renaissance of the now moribund surrounding commercial district.
The key program elements     are as follows:
1 A spacious and naturally       lit Great Hall will serve as the referential space for the entire       facility. Equal in volume to Grand Central's main concourse,       its primary use would be for ticketing and information, but it       will also serve as a monumental vestibule for other building       spaces.
2 Major pedestrian entrances       and vehicular drop-offs on both 31st and 33rd Streets, in addition       to a network of secondary pedestrian entrances.
3 Improvement of direct underground       pedestrian connections to subway lines and commuter rail at the       existing Pennsylvania Station.
4 An 8,000-seat state-of-the-art       Metropolitan Hall, an EXPOSITION HALL and Conference Center as well as 325,000 square feet of destination       retail.
5 Accommodation for a one-seat ‘train-to- the- plane’ connection to Kennedy Airport,       including full ticketing, check-in and baggage services.
6 Retention of the Main Post       Office retail window service at Eighth Avenue.
7 Creation of a Postal Museum       on the con- course side of the Post Office's first floor retail       space to give the Postal Service a major presence in the new       facility.
By recapturing this remarkable     asset, we will create a catalyst for the development of Manhattan's     now dormant Midtown South Business District. The New Penn Station     will be a major portal to the Jacob Javits Center and surrounding     development sites. There is even the potential for the establishment     of a direct light-rail link to the Jacob Javits Center through     existing tunnels and tracks.
When high speed rail is established     on the Northeast Corridor (completion is now scheduled for the     year 2000), the New Penn Station will take its rightful place     along side the magnificently restored Union Station in Washington,     DC, once nearly abandoned, but now the most visited building     in our nation’s capital.
This plan will rescue an     illustrious landmark building in a prime location from warehouse     use. It will enable New York to avert disastrous pedestrian gridlock     at the existing Penn Station, which now serves 500,000 riders     per day, already well beyond its current capacity. It will create     a signature transportation gateway worthy of a world-class city.     We must seize this once in a lifetime opportunity, not halfway,     but at full steam.
The Municipal Art Society     is honored to present this plan to President Clinton and the     people of New York. Just as we battled to save Grand Cen- tral, a faded jewel now undergoing a long-awaited polishing, we will     fight to see the James A Farley Building transformed into a transportation     hub of unparalleled grandeur. MAS 21 January 1998
 
THE RESULT
In the late 1980’s, Amtrak began negotiations with the Postal     Service to secure sufficient space within the Farley Building     to solve its current and future space needs. Years of negotiations     and millions of dollars spent on design work yielded a scheme     that, if built, would have resulted in a lost opportunity almost     as tragic as the destruction of the original station. The Postal     Service, though only a steward and not the owner of the Farley     Building, was unwilling to cede sufficient space within the building     for a successful solution to the transportation problems confronting     Amtrak. The ‘final’ agreement resulted in a design     that would have been obsolete on opening day. The inadequacy     of the solution was further compounded by the Postal Service’s     determination to continue operating its bulk sorting and trucking     facility in the balance of the building, thus exposing the expanded     ridership, surrounding neighborhood and the building itself to     this incompatible use long into the future.
The Municipal Art Society’s     proposal was designed specifically to expose the weaknesses in     the Postal Service’s position and demonstrate the benefits     that could result from a reprogrammed, fully planned facility.     As a result of this effort, the Postal Service has recently changed     its negotiating position and now appears willing to cede the     bulk of the building to the uses proposed in the MAS program,     including a phased removal of its trucking, maintenance and repair     facilities to other locations. It is expected that a public announcement     of the details of this agreement will be made in October 1998.
AERIAL     VIEW OF EAST FACADE - Looking West
 
VIEW     OF THE GREAT HALL FROM CLERESTORY GALLERY
THE     GREAT HALL
THE     GREAT HALL - CUTAWAY PERSPECTIVE
NORTH-SOUTH     SECTION - Looking East
ARRIVING     AT THE NEW PENNSYLVANIA STATION
PROPOSED     CONDITION - Northeast Corner
PROPOSED     TRAIN CONCOURSE - Looking South
EXISTING     COURTYARD - Looking South
NOTES     ON STYLE
The Municipal Art Society’s     scheme uses age-old architectural tools to build the solution:     refined proportions, clarity in the use of materials, revelation     of the wonders of natural and artificial light, layered transparency,     and most importantly of all, the exaltation of the building’s     users. This design is not an expression of the architect’s     individuality, but rather one of our civic pride and the social     contract. It argues that architectural modesty need not lead     to architecturally modest results.
 
