Directions
HISTORY:
Opened in 1995, the $160 million TD Garden (then known as the FleetCenter) replaced one of the NBA's classic venues, the old Boston "Gah-den." The arena also is home to the NHL's Bruins and holds numerous college and other entertainment events. According to the team's Web site, the arena was the first in the country to offer an HD scoreboard. The unique parquet flooring was brought in from the old Garden. The Sports Museum inside the TD Garden features various exhibits and memorabilia dedicated to the rich tradition of New England sports. The arena also is home to the NHL's Bruins. The facility hosted the 2001 U.S. Figure Skating Championships, the 1996 and 2000 US Gymnastics Trials, the 1998 and 2004 NCAA Men's Frozen Four, the 1996 NHL All-Star Game, the 2008 NBA Finals and the 2011 Stanley Cup finals.
SEATING NOTES:
All Courtside seating has double-lettered Rows.
Floor seating in Sections 5-8 and 16-19 includes Rows A-M.
Floor Sections 3, 10-14 and 21 include Rows A-C.
Floor Sections 1-2 and 22 include Rows A-B.
Club seating includes Rows A-E.
Zone seating includes Rows A-E.
Ledge Level V consists of Row A only.
Ledge Level VI consists of Rows A-B.
Balcony seating includes Rows 1-15.
Tickets not specified by the seller as Courtside or Floor may map to the Loge portion of that section.
General:
The TD Garden box office is open Sunday through Saturday, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. For Bruins and Celtics games and concerts, the box office closes an hour after scheduled start time, and for family shows, 30 minutes. All forms of payment are accepted. The box office is located on the west side of the North Station Platform to the right of the Bruins Pro Shop. Accessible seating is available at each level. All children 2 years of age and younger are permitted free, provided they share a seat with an adult. Banners and signs are permitted, but only those without poles or sticks. Binoculars are permitted. For sporting events and concerts, non-flash, still cameras without a detachable lens are permitted. No outside food or beverages are permitted.
Address:
Boston, MA 02114
Directions:
From north: Take Interstate 93S to Exit 26/Leverett Circle/Cambridge. Follow the signs toward North Station. Turn right at the end of the ramp onto Nashua Street. Turn left at Lomasney Way. The TD Garden will be located on your left.
From south: Take Interstate 95N to Interstate 93N to Boston. Enter 93N Tunnel. Take Exit 26/Storrow Drive. After exiting, stay in the left lane and follow signs for North Station. Make a right at the next set of lights onto Nashua Street. Follow Nashua Street until the end and make a left at the lights. The TD Garden will be on your left.
From eastern New Hampshire/northeastern Mass: Take Interstate 95S to Route 1S. Follow Route 1 across the Tobin Bridge and follow signs for Storrow Drive/Cambridge. Stay right to exit at Nashua Street and follow signs for North Station. The TD Garden will be on your left.
From west: Take Massachusetts Pike East to Interstate 93N to Boston. Enter 93 N Tunnel. Take Exit 26/Storrow Drive. After exiting, stay in the left lane and follow signs for North Station. Make a right at the next set of lights onto Nashua Street. Follow Nashua Street until the end and make a left at the lights. The TD Garden will be on your left.
Parking:
The TD Garden does not own or operate any parking facilities, but one option is the MBTA Garage, located underneath the Garden and accessible via Nashua Street. Another option is the Government Center Garage (a five-minute walk to the Garden located off Route 93 -- Exit 23 -- from 93N or 24B from 9S) just above Haymarket bus station. Garden events are $25; nights/weekends $10.
Transportation:
For subway maps and commuter rail fares and schedules, visit the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Web site .
WEATHER
