TD Banknorth Garden : Boston Celtics Stadium
TD Banknorth Garden Stadium
Home > NBA Tickets > Stadium > TD Banknorth Garden Stadium 
Boston Celtics
TD Banknorth Garden Tickets
Often, fans of the NBA's Boston Celtics call their home arena simply "the Garden." That is probably because TD Banknorth Garden in Boston has an unusual naming history. Formerly known as the FleetCenter, the arena was searching for a long-term corporate sponsor in 2005. The arena sold one-day naming rights online for a month giving 30 different names to the home of the Boston Celtics and the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). The name auction raised more than $150,000 for charity and another $40,000 of food donations to local food banks. TD Banknorth Inc. ended the naming ritual with its $7.5 million per year naming agreement. The agreement is one of the most expensive naming rights deals to date, but $150 million doesn't buy the top price spot. Atlanta's Philips Arena receives $9.3 million annually. TD Banknorth Garden became the new name July 1, 2005. It was named after its new sponsor and the Boston Garden, the historical arena it replaced. TD Banknorth Garden houses many historic artifacts from its predecessor. Prior to 1997, TD Banknorth Garden was also home to the Boston Blazers lacrosse team.
TD Banknorth Garden opened in 1995 with a 19,580 maximum seating capacity. It can seat 18,854 for basketball when the 16-time NBA Champion Boston Celtics take to the court. Hockey seating capacity is 17,565. TD Banknorth Garden cost $160 million to build. It has 104 executive suites, 2,442 club seats, and 135 ledge seats.
The largest event TD Banknorth Garden has hosted was the 2004 Democratic National Convention. TD Banknorth Garden has held 26 concert events in one season including The Eagles, The Dixie Chicks, Alan Jackson, The Rolling Stones, Justin Timberlake and Christina Aguilera, and Tom Petty. It hosted the 2004 and 1998 NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championship, the 2001 US Figure Skating Championships, and the 1996 NHL All-Star Game. TD Banknorth Garden was also site for the 1999 and 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball First and Second Rounds, the 1996 and 2000 U.S. Gymnastics Trials, and WWE WrestleMania XIV in 1998.
Getting There and Getting Around
TD Banknorth Garden's location is built on top of Boston's North Station, making public transportation via the subway or commuter rail, locally known as the "T," easily accessible. To avoid the crowds, try the connections to the Orange Line and Green Line a block away. Bus service is also available. If you're driving, the address is 100 Legends Way. Paid parking is accessible beneath the arena and in the surrounding area. A range of wheelchair seating spaces are available at TD Banknorth Garden. Assistive listening devices are available on site. Contact the TD Banknorth Garden, in advance if you require ADA assistance.
Schedules are available to help fans follow their favorite team. Beginning with the Boston Celtics Schedule and the New Jersey Nets Schedule , and including the New York Knicks Schedule and the Philadelphia 76ers Schedule , all can be found on our site. We also have the Toronto Raptors Schedule .
Person-to-person ticket-selling forums as provided by BuySellTix.com offer customers the chance to  get tickets after they have sold out on sites such as TicketMaster . Get the current information about concerts from Pollstar . Pollstar has up-to-date schedule for all concerts.
NBA Stadiums
