Guest Relations
Phone Number: 617.624.1331
If you have the problems of security, you can call the fan safe hotline number at 617.624.2FAN (2326).
TD Garden Boston
TD Garden Boston is the predecessor of present day TD Garden. It was designed by boxing promoter Tex Rickard and opened to the public in November 17, 1928. The Boston Garden is located on the top of the North Station, a train hub of Amtak trains and MBTA (Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority) commuter Rail or T. With this commuter rail, getting to TD Banknorth Garden is easy; all you have to do is to take the line towards north station stop and enter the Garden from the west or east entrance.
Basically they host basketball and ice hockey but many rock concerts, amateur sports, wrestling and other events are also hold here. It has a maximum seats capacity of 28,799. In fact it was closed down in 1995 when its successor TD Garden began operations and later on, the owner - Delaware North Companies demolished Boston Garden in 1997 and the following nights, they celebrated at the new Fleet Center, to usher into a new age in the field of sports and entertainment.
The Boston Garden rink dimension is two feet narrower and nine feet shorter than the standard rink dimension as it was built during the period when NHL did not have the standard size of the rink.
TD Garden Seating
TD Garden consists of four arenas and each arena has various types of seating plan. However, the same categories and classes of seats are available in these four arenas. These include Loge, Premium Club with AT&T Sports Deck, Heineken Boardroom, Club Seating and others, Suites with 1 executive and four other suite levels, Balcony and Promenade. In fact the venue has a maximum of 19,580 seats capacity. In some events like Bruce Springsteen, the entry system is based on General Admission Floor Seating Plan.
They also provide web-based seat finder tool which helps the viewers in finding the exact sections and rows of the respective seat numbers. The interactive diagrams and map layout of the 3D virtual seating charts are also available for Boston bruins, Boston Celtics, end stage and center stage. The 3d preview of TD Garden Seating Chart with seat numbers can be seen at seats3d.com, a website managed by TD Bank North Garden.
TD Garden Tickets
TD Garden tickets for all events can be purchased in many ways like visiting the TD Box Office located near the Bruins Pro Shop, purchasing the tickets from the online store or ticketmaster outlet. Besides group sales offers a variety of options to buy tickets as per the group needs. To avoid rush call the ticketmaster at the following numbers
Wall Ticketmaster:  800.745.3000
