Winchester, MA
8/30/2006
The TD Bank North Garden is the place to go in Boston for sporting events and concerts, as well as business functions and special events. Upcoming concerts include Red Hot Chilli Peppers, Shakira, and The WHO. The garden is home to the NBA's Boston Celtics and the NHL's Boston Bruins...There is MBTA bus service nearby and commuter rail ends at North Station (From North of Boston). If you come from the south you have to go to south station and take the subway to North Station. The Subway station is North Station and has access directly to the TD Bank North Garden from the Orange and Green Lines. The Premium Club Suites are awesome as are the restaurants. The sports museum of New England is also in the TD Bank North garden and is well worth a visit. I believe they give tours of the garden as well. There is a spacious pro shop with a variety of Celtics and Bruins memorobillia. Prices inside the stadum are a bit expensive thats why I give it four stars instead of five, but overall the experience at the TD Bank North Garden is pretty good. It is a kid friendly place as well and right now the Celtics are the most popular attraction with the kids. The Garden is well worth the visit. TIP: Do not bring bags as there' s no place to check bags, leave them in your car. Do not bring cameras with detachable lenses or water bottles/food. they will not be allowed inside. Digital Cameras are fine. The usher staff is great and there's always someone to help you if you need assistance. Elevators in the lobby for disabled patrons. Have fun at the TD Bank North Garden. TIP: Parking Can Be expensive so if you come for an evening event try getting off at Mystic Ave,  on 93 and taking route 28  down to Lechemere...park around the cambridge courthouse at a meter (free after 6pm) and take the Green line, or walk if its a nice day (a 10 -20 minute walk)
NOTE: As an employee at the garden an usher. - I must tell you the reason we cant have bag and bag check area, is because of the security risk. We are above a major train station and right next to a  major highway and federal building. We cannot have bags and bag storage due to this reason. We're sorry for this but its not possible.
One missed device in a bag could render a train station gone, a building gone, and a highway in need of repair.
I am a democrat myself but we all need to remember 9-11 and realize this could happen again any time. And north station is in such a tight area we just can't do bag checks and bags. We allow pocket books but they have to be small ones, not those huge ones you ladies carry around. Why do you need five gallons of makeup at a game anyway? I never understand that. Also FYI most stadiums and arenas dont allow large backpacks and large bags.  And as for smoking most buildings in boston are no smoking inside ...and ,most stadiums and arenas are as well and there is no reentry in just about any stadium/arena you visit.
