TD Garden (All Events)
The TD Garden seating capacity is approximately 18,600 for basketball games and 17,500 for hockey games.
It was originally known as the Shawmut Center, but it was more widely known at the FleetCenter, then it became the TD Banknorth Garden and later shortened to just the TD Garden.
This arena took the place of the old Boston Garden that saw many championship events take place and is located quite literally right next door to the old Garden before it was torn down.   
The TD Garden is the home to the Boston Celtics (NBA) and the Boston Bruins (NHL) who were the 2011 Stanley Cup champions. The Boston Bruins logo is well known for its B-spoke design.
The arena is equipped with services for special needs. If you require space to sit that accommodates wheelchairs, those are available on every level. When you're attending a Celtics game, call in advance at 617-523-6050. When you're attending a Bruins game, call 617-624-1950 for assistance. There is staff available for events at the arena to help fans in wheelchairs to their seats before the game as well as after the game.
The TD Garden has five suites that can be rented out for every game or event. The most expensive ones are the Executive Suites and the Heineken Boardroom. These suites are geared more for entertaining clients first and watching the game second. The Club Seating area probably has the best views of any suite, the seats have more room and there is a wait staff to order your food and drinks. Then, there is The Lofts. These suites are what you might think of when you think of Lofts. They're smaller, more intimate and have couches to sit on to watch the games. The last suite is the AT&T Sportsdeck. Here you can sit at long tables in a bar-type fashion that are located in the bowl area of the arena to watch the game or you can sit inside and watch the game from a distance or watch it on a monitor.
Tickets and Seating Chart Information
TD Garden Seat Views and the Boston Bruins schedule here
TD Garden seating chart for hockey games
 TD Garden Seat Views and the Boston Celtics schedule here 
TD Garden seating chart for basketball events
Boston Bruins 2011 Stanley Cup Champions Video
Return to the top of the TD Garden Seating Chart .
View ticket information along with the Boston Celtics Schedule and game day ticket information.
View ticket information along with the Boston Bruins Schedule and game day ticket information.
