View all TD Garden tickets
TD Garden Information
Make sure that you check out all the TD Garden event tickets that we have available because there are some good ones coming up! You don’t want to miss seeing the big show because everyone in Massachusetts will be talking about it. TL has you covered for all the upcoming TD Garden events, and there is a full slate of good ones. Whether it’s the hottest TD Garden concert, a theater show at the TD Garden, or a sporting event, we have the ticket you want. That’s right, we have Boston Bruins tickets as well as Boston Celtics tickets for home games at the TD Garden, even away games! Check out all the TD Bank Garden events and buy the best ticket you want.
The TD Garden is located at 100 Legends Way in Boston, Massachusetts. Once you buy tickets, we’ll send you TD Garden directions so you know how to get there! The TD Garden broke ground on April, 1993, with doors opening to the public on September 30, 1995. It is owned and operated by Delaware North Companies. The building was designed by architect Ellerbe Becket, Inc. at a cost of $160 million in April, 1993. Previously it was known as the Shawmut Center in 1995, the FleetCenter from 1995 - 2005, and the TD Banknorth Garden from 2005 - 2009. With a total capacity of 20,000, you wont be alone when you buy TD Garden event tickets, especially for a hockey or basketball game! Get out in the city of Boston for a night of fun, and take in a show you won’t forget! A fantastic site for Boston events, concerts and more, you can’t beat the TD Garden for an unforgettable night out.
Each season fans everywhere start checking the TD Garden event schedule to find the event they want to see. In the past the TD Garden has been home to some great events, and many of them come around annually! The Beanpot college hockey tournament , annual Hockey East Championships and even the 2010 NBA Finals have all taken place at the TD Garden in the past. In addition to hosting some great events throughout the year, the TD Garden is home to some great sporting events. The Boston Bruins have been calling the TD Garden home for years. And let’s not forget about the Celtics, who’ve been providing incredible moments for fans for years. The TD Garden is also the home stadium of the Boston Blazers LAX team . These teams are always up for putting on a show, so make sure that you check out the upcoming TD Garden events and find the events you want to see. Get out to the hottest venue in Boston and get your TD Garden tickets today!
Shipping
The majority of tickets sold through our site are shipped using Federal Express. Orders placed from outside the United States are required to use an International method of delivery. Most tickets are shipped within 24 hours of when you place an order. However, in some cases, the tickets have not yet been printed and mailed by the venues, so the tickets will not be available to be shipped to you until a later date.
Who We Are
TicketLiquidator provides premium tickets for the hottest events out there.
Our tickets are provided by a network of trusted sellers, and all our tickets are guaranteed. We are not directly affiliated with any performer, team, venue, or box office, and many of our tickets are sold above the printed face value of the tickets. All ticket prices are in U.S.
dollars unless otherwise specified. Any trademarked terms that appear on this page and are owned by third parties are used for descriptive purposes only.
 Other Popular Events
