Directions to the TD Garden
From Logan Airport
By public transportation...
Take the Blue Line inbound (four stops) to Government Center and then switch to the Green Line eastbound (two stops) to the North Station stop.
By car...
Exit the airport and follow the signs to the Sumner Tunnel toward Boston. There will be a $3.00 toll when traveling from the airport into Boston. Once through the tunnel, stay in the right lane and take the ramp marked Storrow Dr/Cambridge.  Once on the ramp, follow signs for North Station. Parking is available at the TD Garden as well as in various surrounding lots. The TD Garden parking garage is behind the Tip O'Neil building.
From the North
Follow Interstate 93 South to Boston
Take Exit 26A/ Leverett Circle; Cambridge.
Follow signs toward North Station. Turn right at the end of the ramp.
The TD Garden will be located on your left.
Parking is available in the TD Garden as well as in various surrounding lots. The TD Garden parking garage is behind the Tip O'Neil building.
From Route 95 South
Take Interstate 95 South to Route 1 South.
Follow Route 1 across the Tobin Bridge and  follow signs for Storrow Drive/ Cambridge.
Stay right to exit at Nashua Street and follow signs for North Station.  The TD Garden will be on your left.
Parking is available in the TD Garden as well as in various surrounding lots. The TD Garden parking garage is behind the Tip O'Neil building.
From the South
Follow Route 95 North to Route 93 North to Boston.
Enter new 93 N  Tunnel.
Take Exit 26/Storrow Drive.
After exiting, stay left and follow the signs for North Station.  Please be advised the exit will be on your left.
Once you exit, you will be on Martha Road/Nashua St.  The TD Garden will be on your left.
Alternative Route: Depending on where you plan to park for a TD Garden event, you may also consider taking Exit 23/Gov't Center off the new Tunnel.  This exit will take you to North St.
From the West
Follow the Mass Turnpike eastbound to Route 93 North to Boston.
Enter the new 93N Tunnel.
Take Exit 26/Storrow Drive. (Please be advised the exit will be on your left.)  After exiting, stay left and follow the signs for North Station.
Once you exit, you will be on Martha Road/Nashua St.  The TD Garden will be on your left.
Alternative Route: Depending on where you plan to park for a TD Garden event, you may also consider taking Exit 23/Gov't Center off the new Tunnel.  This exit will take you to North St.
From Back Bay
Turn left onto Berkeley Street.
At the end of Berkeley Street, turn right onto Storrow Drive East.
At the end of Storrow Drive, turn right onto Martha Road/Nashua Street.
Turn left onto Causeway St. and the TD Garden will be on your left.
TD Garden Box Office
The TD Garden Box Office can be entered on the East or West side of the TD Garden , which is on Causeway Street. The Box Office is located on the Main Level of North Station. The box office hours during the season are 11 a.m. - 7 p.m., seven days a week. During the summer months, the box office hours are 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday. Will Call tickets can be picked up at the Will Call/Advanced Reservation window two hours before game time. A Celtics Representative will be available for any questions or problems one hour before and one hour after the start of the game at the Celtics Season Ticket Window at the Box Office.
Customer Service Desk
The Customer Service Desk is located on level 4 behind section 4. A Celtics Customer Service Representative will be available one hour before game time up until the conclusion of half-time.
Fan Code Of Conduct
NBA announces fan code of conduct
Tag-A-Kid Program
For the safety of the children in attendance, the Boston Celtics are proud to offer the Tag-a-Kid Program. This program will help ensure the safety of children by providing them with colorful wristbands, which will note the child's name, guardian or group name and seat location. Tags are available at every Boston Celtics game at the Customer Service desk.
Recommended Hotels
