Data provided by one or more of the following: SuperMedia, Acxiom , Infogroup .
User Generated Content Guidelines
Edit this Business Info - Publishing Guidelines
User provided updates will not over-write updates provided by the business owner.
Superpages.com's editorial department will review the updates, but does not validate the updates with the business.
Information provided will be screened and must meet the Content Guidelines before it is published on Superpages.com.
Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy.
By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided.
Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online.
Photos - Publishing Guidelines
For photos to publish, the user has to be a registered Superpages.com user.
The user will receive an email from Superpages.com asking them to click the link verifying that the photo can be published on Superpages.com.
All photos will be edited by Superpages.com staff.
The photos must meet the Superpages.com Photo Guidelines.
The Content was created by me or by my employees or by a third party who has given me written permission to use the Content in the manner contemplated by the Application.
If the Content includes a person or persons, I have obtained from each person in the photo the unrestricted right to use the photo.
I have the unrestricted right and authority to use the Content in any media and in any advertising published under the Application in the way it is used.
Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy.
By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided.
Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online
Business Blogs - Publishing Guidelines
For Business Blogs to publish, the user has to be a registered Superpages.com user.
The user will receive an email from Superpages.com asking them to click the link verifying that the blog can be published on Superpages.com.
Blogs will be edited by Superpages.com staff.
The Blogs must meet the Superpages.com Content Guidelines.
Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy.
By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided.
Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online.
Abuse Policy
Content that is not acceptable can be reported through our Report Abuse link. Superpages.com staff will review all reports and remove those that violate policy.
The following may be considered abusive and lead to the removal of content:
Profane, obscene, abusive, offensive, objectionable, unintelligible language.
Adult material, including graphic images, written images, URLs, or links.
Negative comments about individual employees, including names.
References to another company, whether by name, domain name, trademarks or service marks.
Malicious intent
History: On the evening of November 14, 1928, President Calvin Coolidge ushered in a new era for New England and the world. Using a ceremonial key made from nuggets of Yukon gold, Coolidge switched on the lights of the recently constructed Boston Garden from the White House via the newest telegraph technology of the time. Three days later, the Garden opened its doors to the public for the first time and the rest, as they say, is history. At the time of its grand opening, not even creator Tex Rickards could have imagined how legendary the arena on Causeway Street would become. For more than 66 years, the Garden played host to the best and brightest in the world of sports and entertainment. Over the years, all of music's hottest stars, from the Beatles to Aerosmith, rocked the house. The Boston Celtics, led by names like Auerbach, Russell, Cousy and Bird, built themselves into one of the premier franchises in the NBA, garnering a league-record 16 world titles along the way. The Bruins added another five world championship banners to the Garden rafters with Orr, Esposito, Bucyk and Neely, among others, leading the way. It was the place where families went to watch their favorite shows, like the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, Disney on Ice, and the Harlem Globetrotters. It also served the city's political needs, featuring speeches from some of the greatest politicians of all-time, including Churchill, FDR and Kennedy. On September 29, 1995, the old Garden closed its doors to the public for the last time with a nostalgic evening of entertainment. The following night, a spectacular gala was held at the sparkling new FleetCenter to usher in a new era for sports and entertainment in New England. Then, on March 3, 2005, the FleetCenter era came to an end when TD Banknorth Inc. and Delaware North Companies reached an agreement on a 20-year naming rights partnership to return the Garden name. Under the agreement, "TD Banknorth Garden" became the official name of the 19,600-seat, state-of-the-art facility through 2025. The arena continues to host today's hottest concerts, including seven sold-out U2 shows, and events, such as World Championship Boxing. In addition, the arena is the home of the annual college hockey Beanpot tournament, and hosts the Hockey East Championships. Major national sporting events including the 1999 and 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball First and Second Rounds, 1998 and 2004 NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championships and the 2006 Women's Final Four have also been hosted. Most notably, the arena was the site of the 2004 Democratic National Convention. The TD Banknorth Garden continues to reinvent itself as one of the country's premier facilities. In 2006, the decade old Garden underwent it's most extensive face-lift to date with over $20 million in construction and improvements. From the 20,000 square foot expansion of Boston's North Station train concourse area to the installation of a first-of-its-kind high definition scoreboard, Garden HDX, the Garden looks forward to providing all of its visitors with world-class experiences for decades to come.
All fields required
