Boston Celtics  Courtside Tickets, TD Garden, Box Suite, VIP Loge
Boston Celtics Tickets at TD Garden
The Boston Celtics 2012 NBA home game schedule, game times, Celtics available tickets , luxury box suite tickets, VIP Loge tickets, Center Floor tickets, floor tickets, club suite tickets, & game dates schedule.
The 2012 Boston Celtics are back at TD Garden. The TD Banknorth Garden is a privately financed and owned ten-story facility in Boston, Massachusetts. Fans can really cheer their favorite team in this $160 million state-of-the-art stadium that could seat up to a maximum of 19,600. Seating is tagged as Promenade, Ledge Level 6, Sportsdeck, Balcony, Zone, Club, Loge, Floor, Courtside, Boardroom, and Suite Levels V/VI/IX. The TD Banknorth Garden is also an acoustically perfect stage for events ranging from Wrestlemania to the Rolling Stones, catering to concert goers with its unclogged aisles, plenty of restrooms and 42 permanent concession stands. It is fully equipped with three private restaurants - Banners, Legends and The Premium Club restaurants, 90 executive suites, 1100 club seats, a multi-million dollar video scoreboard and 360-degree LED technology. The arena's space, restaurants and audio-video capabilities make it the perfect location for almost any gathering. Since its grand opening in 1995, more than 24 million people have come to the Garden to see the arena's famous tenants, the NBA's Boston Celtics and NHL's Boston Bruins , as well as world-renowned concerts, sporting events, family shows, wrestling, ice shows and so much more. No wonder the arena has been recognized by many industry publications as one of the top arenas in the country.  Below are listings for courtside, box suite, lower level, floor, club suites, and center floor tickets for Boston Celtics home games at TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. To find the best Celtics  game tickets, view the schedule listings below. The best seats to watch the Boston Celtics  game at TD Garden are in sections such as courtside or in a luxury box suite. TD Garden luxury box suite tickets, floor courtside, and club suite tickets may be the most expensive, but when you want to watch the Celtics home game live in person, why not get the best tickets? Information for driving directions to and the ticket section seating chart for TD Garden are available on the side of this page. Season tickets to see the Boston Celtics may be available in the ticket listings below. Have a great time at the Celtics game.
Boston Celtics  game tickets, TD Garden luxury box suite tickets, courtside tickets, floor tickets, & current home game schedule.
Event
