TD Garden - Policies and Procedures
ADVANCED TICKET WINDOW
During Celtics games, patrons can purchase tickets for all TD Garden events at the Advance Ticket Sales Booth, located next to Guest Relations behind loge 4. This booth opens one hour before every game and closes at the end of half-time.
ALCOHOL POLICY
To purchase alcoholic beverages, a patron must present a valid MA driver's license, MA liquor ID, passport or military ID, which indicates the patron to be a least 21 years of age (MA ID cards, duplicate licenses, expired licenses, damaged licenses and driver's licenses, which do not have photos, will not be accepted). Out of state licenses are acceptable only if the patron is at least 25 years of age and another form of identification (e.g., credit card) will be required if the patron is between 25 and 30 years of age. We will not serve more than two alcoholic beverages to a patron at one time and we reserve the right to limit service to one drink per patron.  Our alcohol service will end at least one hour prior to the scheduled end of an event. We reserve the right to discontinue the sale of alcohol at any time.
ATM
ATMs are located on the 4th floor concourse behind sections 7/8, on the 5th floor Premium level near the East and West elevators, and on the 7th floor concourse behind section 307.
AWAY GAME TICKETS
Those wishing to purchase tickets for an away game should directly contact the host club, whose telephone number and address are available by going to www.NBA.com or by calling 1-800-4NBATIX.
BOX OFFICE
The TD Garden box office is located on the main level of North Station on the Nashua Street side, adjacent to the Pro Shop. The box office hours during the season are 11 a.m. to 7 p.m., seven days a week. On game days, Will Call tickets can be picked up at Window 12 two hours prior to game time until one hour after the game begins. Tickets will then be sent to the usher captain at the turnstile on level 2. A Celtics Representative will be available for any questions or problems two hours prior to and one hour after the starting time at Window 2.
CHILD SEATING
At the discretion of the TD Garden, children ages 2 and under are admitted without a ticket. The Boston Celtics strongly advise that small children not be seated courtside on laps or otherwise for their safety.
DISABLED ACCOMMODATIONS
Parking: Accessible parking is located in the TD Garden garage on a first-come, first-served basis.
Seating: Accessible seating is located at all levels of the TD Garden for Celtics games. For accessible seating season ticket information, call the Boston Celtics Sales Office at 866-4CELTIX. For individual accessible ticket purchases, call 617-624-1754 (Voice) or 617-624-1780 (TDD/TTY).
EMERGENCY SITUATIONS
In the case of any emergency situation or disruptions before, during or after any games at the TD Garden, all patrons are to follow the instructions of security personnel.
FIRST AID
The First Aid station is located on the 4th floor concourse behind section 15/16.
TD GARDEN INFORMATION
The TD Garden is owned and operated by the Delaware North Companies, One Delaware North Place, 438 Main Street, Buffalo, NY 14202, 716-858-5000. They can be reached at their Boston office located at One TD Garden, Boston, MA 02114, 617-624-1050.
HELP INSIDE THE ARENA
If there is a problem once you are in the TD Garden, you should contact a TD Garden usher captain located in your area. If they are unable to correct the situation, you should immediately report the problem to Guest Relations located behind loge 4 on the 4th floor concourse. You may also call the Fan Hotline at (617) 624-2FAN (2326).
LEGENDS CLUB
If you are interested in becoming a member of the Legends club, you can contact the membership director at 617-624-1820. The Legends Club is operated exclusively by the TD Garden and not the Boston Celtics organization.
LOST CHILDREN
If you lose/find a child in the Arena, please go to Guest Relations on the 4th floor concourse behind loge 4. For the safety of children at Celtics games, the Boston Celtics have implemented the Tag-A-Kid Program. We can provide colorful wristbands that will note the child's name, guardian, or group name and seat location. Tags are available at Guest Relations upon entering the game.
LOST AND FOUND
All ticket holders are solely responsible for risk of loss or damage to their personal property when attending any Celtics games. Any objects lost or found should be turned into Guest Relations located on the 4th floor concourse behind section 4. Fans who have lost items can call 617-624-1331 the following day in a final attempt to locate them.
PARKING
There are a variety of parking lots available, both surface and garage, in the downtown area. Charges for each lot vary and availability is on a first-come, first-served basis. With the ever-changing Central Artery Project, it is advised to use public transportation or allow adequate time for arrival. Parking prices range from $10 to $30.
PRO SHOP
The Pro Shop is located on the main level of North Station on the Nashua Street side of the TD Garden. For hours of operation please call the Pro Shop at 617-624-1508.
RESTROOMS
Restrooms are located on all levels of the arena. Changing tables are located in the men's and women's washrooms throughout the arena. The facility is designated with the appropriate signage.
SECURITY PROCEDURES
Guests attending TD Garden events are advised that bags, backpacks, luggage, coolers, parcels, briefcases and like articles will be strictly prohibited from the facility. All guests will be subject to search, at the TD Garden's discretion, of their person and/or possessions (including women's handbags of normal size which may be allowed entry after such search). Patrons with prohibited articles will be turned away at the entrances and no storage or "check-in area" will be provided for such items. Enforcement will be without exceptions. Please advise all individuals sharing your tickets of this policy.
