Help Me Choose My Seats at TD Garden
Boston, MA
A Fan's Seating Guide, Tips and Seating Reviews
Floor Seats -  Rated:
Talk about VIP! Floor seats at TD Banknorth Garden are wicked awesome!  Sitting on the Floor at TD Banknorth Garden puts you as close to the NBA action as possible.  All of the floor sections are incredible, but look for Floor sections 10-14, 1-3 and 21-22 if you would prefer to sit on the side of the court.  Floor sections 5-8 and 16-19 will put you at the end of the court which has its advantages when the action is on your end of the floor.
Floor sections 21-22 are located behind the Celtics bench while sections 2-3 are located behind the visitors bench. Sitting behind the benches is a real treat if you want to get up close to the players or hear the coach calling out plays.
Floor seats can be hard to come by and the demand to sit on the floor is very high. While these seats are among the most expensive tickets for a Celtics game, they are reasonably priced when comparing Floor seats in other NBA arenas. If you truly want to go VIP, impress clients or surprise that special someone with the best tickets in the house, you can't go wrong with seats on the Floor.
Rows on the Floor
Side Court Floor Seats - Sections 10-14, 1-3, 22-21 - There are only 4 rows in the side court floor sections. Row AA is located closest to the court  followed by rows A-C. Keep in mind that not all floor seats will be "on the wood". The first row of side-court floor sections will be located just behind the seats "on the wood".
End Court Floor Seats - Sections 5-8, 16-19 - There are  up to 13 rows labeled A-M.
Lower Level Side Court  - Rated:
For many NBA fans, this is the only place to sit. Side court seating gives you the best view of both sides of the court. Sections 1 and 12 are located directly on the center line. Section 2 is located directly behind the Visitors bench while section 22 is located behind the Celtics bench. Sitting in the lower rows behind the benches is a real treat if you want to get up close to the players or hear the coach calling out plays. Sections 11-13 (pictured right) are opposite the benches.
The lower level at TD Banknorth Garden consists of 2 distinct seating areas, the Loge sections (10's) located closer to the court with the Club (100's) located directly behind the Loge.   Any seat here will give you an incredible view of the game and put you front and center for the high powered NBA action, Celtics style! If you truly want to go VIP, impress clients or surprise that special someone with the best tickets in the house, you can't go wrong with Club or Loge seats   between the baskets.
Rows in these Sections
Loge (10's) - There are only 18 rows in the Loge labeled 1-18.
Club (100's) - There are 8-10 rows in the Club level.
Club Amenities
Club seats come with access to a VIP Club level and come with in-seat waitress service. Club seats are rare and can be hard to come by for most games.
Lower Level End - Rated:
Lower-level seating on either end of the court is the best way to get into the lower level at some of the lowest prices available. All lower-level seats are comfortable, contoured, folding chairs complete with seat-backs and armrests. Cup holders are located about every other seat. You get great views of the action on your end of the court. The only trade-off is the view you'll sacrifice to the far end of the court, but that's why you pay less for these seats. End-court seating really pays off during power-house dunks and long-draining three-point shots into the hoop nearest you. You'll have the center-court patrons beat in such cases.
The lower level at TD Banknorth Garden consists of 2 distinct seating areas, the Loge sections (10's) located closer to the court with the Club (100's) located directly behind the Loge. Club seats can be hard to come by and are not available for most games.
Rows in these Sections
Loge (10's) - There are only 18 rows in the Loge labeled 1-18.
Club (100's) - There are 8-10 rows in the Club level.
Club Amenities
Club seats come with access to a VIP Club level and come with in-seat waitress service. Club seats are rare and can be hard to come by for most games.
Balcony - Rated:
Upper-level, seating at TD Banknorth Garden is not that bad at all. The TD Banknorth Garden is not very large so the low rows are relatively close to the court. You'll find a good break in price from the lower-level seating and you can still find good views of the game from just about anywhere in the arena.
When sitting in the upper level, the best seats can be found in the lower rows as close to the center of the court. If you prefer to sit on the side of the court, look for a seat in sections 314-318, 301-303 and 329-330. It really depends on personal preference, but a lot of upper level patrons would tell you that a nice low row seat would be better than a higher row seat, regardless of the section. The row number can really make a difference, so keep an eye out because good deals can be found on the lower row seats!
Rows in Balcony
There are 15 rows in the Balcony labeled 1-15.
Learn More About Seating at TD Garden
