Vacation Packages
TD Garden
TD Garden is the epicenter of Boston sports and entertainment. Home of the Boston Celtics basketball team and the Boston Bruins hockey team, the venue, formerly known as TD Banknorth Garden, has been packing audiences since it opened in 1995. In addition to sports games, the stadium hosts concerts from some of the world’s biggest artists, family programs, entertainment on ice, wrestling, and more. Boston Garden tickets are a very desirable commodity, so if you’re planning a trip to Boston , be sure to secure your tickets far in advance. The arena's great central location makes the TD Garden hotels a great place to stay if you plan to visit some of the city's major attractions during your vacation.
TD Garden Tickets
You may find yourself at the TD Garden for a private event as well, as the arena also hosts graduations, sales seminars, conventions, and charity dinners. If you’re planning a large-scale reception, the Boston Garden could be the perfect location. Meeting space, restaurants, and state-of-the-art audio/visual equipment all make the TD Garden an appealing option for your next private event or annual business meeting. Its excellent location also makes it easy to combine an event here with visiting other major attractions in Boston, such as the Freedom Trail or Boston Common .
Most people arrive at the TD Garden to see the best of Boston sports. Roughly 19,600 fans arrive to cheer on the Boston Celtics and the Boston Bruins, and with 90 executive suites and 1100 club seats, there are many ways to enjoy the game in luxury. There are also three private restaurants in the stadium to complete the whole experience. Banners, Legends, and the Premium Club restaurant are all great locations to let the anticipation build for the game, or to discuss the highlights afterward. Banners Harbor View is the fine dining restaurant of the stadium, and reservations are highly recommended. The Premium Club Bistro is a more casual option with food stations including pizza and deli to choose from. The last restaurant choice is Legends, a members-only club.
If the overall experience here is a big reason for your trip to New England, you might consider making the most of your Boston Garden tickets by arriving early and enjoying a drink in one of the stadium bars. The hub is a full-service bar with an excellent view of the Boston skyline, while the Insight Club Lounge offers a great Oyster Bar. Beyond the Boston Celtics, music fans arrive for a drink before sold-out concerts. Some artists to recently pack the Garden include Justin Timberlake, U2, the Eagles, Billy Joel, and the Rolling Stones. These Boston Garden tickets sell extremely quickly, with the fastest sell-out ever going to comedian Dane Cook.
Recognized as one of the top arenas in the country, many visitors to Boston make an effort to attend an event at TD Garden during their stay. Consult the website to see what events are on during your stay, and whether it is a Boston Celtics game or a concert, treat yourself to a pair of tickets. From figure skating championships to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, some of the biggest events in American sports, music, arts, and politics have been held at the TD Garden. Boston Garden tickets are available a number of different ways. You can order tickets over the phone, visit the TD Garden box office, or go through ticket resellers, and whatever you wind up seeing at the TD Garden, you’ll be glad you squeezed it into your itinerary of exploring Boston.
Latest Topics
