MBTA Parking at TD Garden
Address:  135 Causeway Street at Canal Street
Near:  Underneath TD Garden/North Station - so if you're headed to a Bruins or Celtics game, or other event here, you'll have direct access to North Station, adjacent to TD Garden
Reasonably close:  Easy walk  to Government Center, Faneuil Hall / Quincy Market / Haymarket, and the North End    
Number of spaces:  1,275 (38 accessible) for cars and 20 for bikes
Forms of payment accepted: Cash, credit card
For more information: 617-222-3042; MBTA website - search on "North Station parking"
Parking rates: 
Hourly rates start at:  $5 (MUCH, MUCH cheaper than most other nearby garages) 
Special event parking:  $25
If you're going to an event at TD Garden, the MBTA Garage at North Station will be your most convenient option and for some situations, probably the cheapest. 
Because it allows overnight parking, the MBTA Garage can also be worth considering if you're staying at one of the hotels near TD Garden that doesn't have on-site parking - or that does, but charges a higher rate.
And because hourly rates are inexpensive compared with other options in the area, it is also one of the cheapest Boston parking garages near the North End and TD Garden when you need to park for only an hour or two. 
 
Boston Harbor Garage at the Aquarium
Harbor Garage offers convenience to the Aquarium, IMAX,
and departure points for Whale Watching cruises
Address:  70 East India Row (at intersection of Atlantic Avenue and Milk Street)
Near:  Closest parking garage to the New England Aquarium, Simons IMAX Theatre, Boston Harbor Cruises and Whale Watching Cruises; very close to North End, Long Wharf, Rowes Wharf
Reasonably close:  Easy walk across Greenway to Faneuil Hall / Quincy Market / Haymarket    
Forms of payment accepted: Cash, credit card
For more information: 617-720-5135; website
Parking rates: 
Daily:  $35  
Early Bird:  $15 if you arrive before 8:30am and depart before 7:00pm
Although the Boston Harbor Garage is one of the most expensive Boston parking garages near the North End if you use the regular daily rate,  it offers great convenience and amenities.  Especially in bad weather or if you're taking your young children to the Aquarium or IMAX Theatre, both of which are just a few steps away, you'll appreciate how close it is.
If you can take advantage of the Early Bird rate, you'll get a great deal because of the convenience.
Entering the garage, you can insert your credit card in the machine rather than taking a ticket.  Then when you're leaving, just insert your card again to pay.
The garage also offers free battery starting and tire inflating / changing services.  You can also get your car washed and detailed onsite.
Return to Top - Boston Parking Garages near North End Attractions
 
Boston parking garages and lots along the North End's
Commercial Street and Atlantic Avenue
Commercial Street and Atlantic Avenue loop around the outer perimeter of the North End.  (Note for non-Bostonians who may be wondering:  this will seem like the same street when you're driving, but Commercial Street actually veers off to the right as you're going south.  When this happens, stay on Atlantic Ave.) 
Near Lewis Wharf and Sargent's Wharf, you'll find a cluster of several parking garages and lots that usually offer attractive (and sometimes competing) rates - usually the best cheap parking in Boston's North End.
Parking lot rates tend to vary depending on the day, time, and season, so your best bet is to either drive by or even call them in advance and inquire.  Several offer Early Bird rates - at least some of the time.
Here are the names, addresses, and phone numbers for you to check out.  You can see the locations of these parking lots on the North End Boston parking map at the end of this page.
Return to Top - Boston Parking Garages near North End Attractions
Sargent's Wharf Parking
For more information: 617-367-1681; no website
LAZ Parking
For more information: 617-367-6412; no website
2 Atlantic Avenue Garage
For more information: 617-854-3365; no website
Lewis Wharf Parking
For more information: 617-227-3713; no website
Return to Top - Boston Parking Garages near North End Attractions
 
Parcel 7  Garage - Cheapest Parking Garage in Boston . . .
. . . IF you have validation!
Address:  92 Sudbury Street
Near:  Haymarket, Faneuil Hall, Quincy Market, Government Center / City Hall Plaza; walk across the Greenway to the North End, waterfront, Boston cruises, New England Aquarium
Reasonably close:  TD Garden and nearby bars / nightlife venues, West End, Downtown Boston     
Forms of payment accepted: Cash, credit cards
For more information:  617-973-6954; no website
Parking rates: 
Daily rates:  $33 if you're there for more than 3 hours
Bargain rates with Haymarket vendor validation:  $1 for 1-2 hours parking, $3 for up to 3 hours . . . but regular $33 rate kicks in for over 3 hours.  Lots of North End businesses, including ImprovAsylum, also validate.  I've never seen a comprehensive list - so call your destination, and ask if they validate for Parcel 7
Parcel 7 Garage is not Boston's newest, cleanest, or sleekest garage, and the ramps are kind of steep . . . but it's really, really cheap (if you shop at Haymarket ), really, really convenient, and in my opinion, one of the best parking bargains in Boston. 
Parcel 7 Garage is where I always park if I'm shopping at Haymarket and planning to buy more than I can lug home on the T. 
Of course, with the $3 validated rate for up to 3 hours, it's tempting to wander over to the North End for cappuccino and a sfogliatelle (the  crispy Italian pastries shaped like clamshells and filled with almond cream that you'll see in all of the yummy North End bakeries). 
Unfortunately, even though Parcel 7 qualifies as an "insider's secret," there are plenty of "insiders" . . . so sometimes it's full.  If you plan to park at Parcel 7, always have a #2 choice in mind.
Return to Top - Boston Parking Garages near North End Attractions
 
Government Center Garage
Address:  50 New Sudbury Street; entrances on New Sudbury Street and New Chardon Street; easy access to I-93 northbound and southbound ramps, and right above the Haymarket T station
Near:  Haymarket, Faneuil Hall, Quincy Market, West End / Government Center / City Hall Plaza, Suffolk University
Reasonably close:  TD Garden and nearby bars / nightlife venues, Downtown Boston; walk across the Greenway to the North End, waterfront, Boston cruises, New England Aquarium     
Number of spaces:   2,000
Forms of payment accepted: Cash, credit cards
For more information:  617-227-0385; website
Parking rates: 
Daily parking rates:  Starts at $7 for 20 minutes hour or less.  $30 for 1 hour 40 minutes or less.  $35 maximum daily rate.  
Evening/weekend rates:  $11 if you enter after 5pm and exit before 5am Mondays - Fridays.  $11 all day on Saturdays and Sundays. Not valid during Garden events.
TD Garden event rates:  $25 for up to 10 hours
Government Center regular daily rates are high . . . but  attractive for evening and weekend parking, and competitive for TD Garden event parking.
Plus, if you love mid-century modern and  Brutalist style architecture, you'll be parked right in the middle of it.
Return to Top - Boston Parking Garages near North End Attractions
 
Address:  75 State Street; entrance at corner of State and Broad Streets
Near: Faneuil Hall Marketplace/Quincy Market, New England Aquarium
Reasonably close:  Haymarket, TD Garden and nearby bars / nightlife venues, Government Center / City Hall Plaza, Downtown Boston; walk across the Greenway to the North End, waterfront, Boston cruises    
Restrictions:   Cannot accommodate large passenger vans or motorcycles
Forms of payment accepted: Cash, credit cards, debit cards
For more information:  617-443-2817; website
Parking rates: 
Daily parking rates:  Starts at $8 for 20 minutes hour or less.  $36 for 1 hour 40 minutes or less.  $36 maximum daily rate until 5am.  
Evening/weekend rates:  $15 if you enter after 5pm and exit before 5am Mondays - Fridays.  $15 all day on Saturdays and Sundays.
$3 discount with validation or a discount coupon from participating Faneuil Hall Marketplace stores and restaurants, as well as many other clubs and restaurants in the area (although some give only $2 discounts); take your parking ticket with you.
Daily rates are high, even with the $3 discount available at Faneuil Hall Marketplace and many area restaurants and bars - after all, this is the Financial District - but evening and weekend rates are reasonable, especially with the discount.
Return to Top - Boston Parking Garages near North End Attractions
 
Map of Boston parking garages near North End attractions
Use this map to find Boston parking garages near North End attractions and other favorites in the area:  Faneuil Hall,     Quincy Market, Boston Harbor cruises, the New England Aquarium, and TD Garden.
This map shows the Boston parking garages near North End attractions that are reasonably priced or offer discounts or cheap prices at certain times.  Some of the parking lots are fairly small, and at times, all of the garages and lots fill up - so do take the T when at all possible!
Insider tip for the cheapest parking for TD Garden events:
To save money and possibly time, drive to the Wellington Station T station on Route 16 in Malden or the Sullivan Square T station in Charlestown.  Both are just north of Boston, with MBTA  parking lots.  Your trip on the Orange Line to North Station will take only about 5 minutes and barely 3 minutes from Charlestown.   
Although these parking lots fill up  with commuters on weekdays, you'll find plenty of parking for evening and weekend events.   Currently (January 2012), you can park here for $5.50, and the round trip T fare on your Charlie Card will run you less than $4.
 
