Officially Doing Business as 'TD G...
07.16.2009
Officially Doing Business as 'TD Garden'
 
Boston’s Premier Sports and Entertainment Arena Officially Renamed TD Garden
BOSTON, MA – Today, Delaware North Companies , owner and operator of Boston’s premier sports and entertainment arena, together with the venue’s naming rights partner, TD Banknorth , officially renamed the TD Banknorth Garden to ' TD Garden .' In a symbolic gesture, John Wentzell , President of Delaware North Companies – Boston and TD Garden, and Bharat Masrani, President and CEO, TD Bank,  America’s Most Convenient Bank, unveiled the brand identity by illuminating the first completed piece of signage at 12 noon to represent the official changeover. TD Garden will be the official name of the 19,600-seat arena through 2025.
 
The graphic identity of the new name combines the ‘TD’ shield with the familiar ‘Garden’ moniker held dear to New England fans. The complete naming conversion of the building is now underway. Exterior signage on the building will be put in place over the upcoming weeks.
 
A major promotional contest celebrating the venue’s name change, the ‘TD Garden Golden Ticket Giveaway’ also began today at noon, for one day only. Five TD Garden Golden Tickets are hidden inside the wrappers of free, limited-edition TD Garden chocolate bars given away at the arena and select TD Banknorth stores. One of the TD Garden Golden Ticket winners will win the ultimate prize of season tickets to every TD Garden event for the 2009-10 season, including regular season Boston Bruins, Boston Celtics, and Boston Blazers games as well as concerts and family shows. Hundreds of other prizes will be awarded in the TD Garden chocolate bars including tickets and suites to sporting events, concerts, family shows as well as Garden Gold cards, TD Banknorth Visa® Gift Cards and discounts to the Boston Bruins ProShop. Contest winners will be announced on Friday, July 17, 2009.
 
The new name of the arena comes at a time when TD Banknorth prepares to re-brand their New England operations to TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, in fall 2009. The TD Garden name reflects the multitude of financial services encompassed under the "TD" brand and allows the bank to educate a growing audience about TD's full suite of products and services.
 
“Today marks an exciting new era for our prestigious arena as we officially become the TD Garden,” said John Wentzell, President of Delaware North Companies – Boston and TD Garden. “We are happy to continue our great partnership with TD Bank in this evolution of our name. The TD Garden is one of the most dynamic entertainment venues in the country, and we are looking forward to continuing to be one of the foremost destinations for the biggest and best events in sports and entertainment.”
 
"We are so pleased to celebrate the official renaming of the TD Garden, and the TD Garden Golden Ticket Giveaway is a great way for us to share our excitement about the new name of the arena directly with the ultimate sports town and its incredibly loyal fans," said Bharat Masrani, President and CEO, TD Bank. "Being part of the Garden legacy is an honor for us, and on behalf of TD Bank and our 23,000 employees, I thank everyone at TD Garden and Delaware North, as well as all the fans who have made TD Garden a legend. We look forward to the continued success of our partnership, and to cheering on our heroes as history is made at TD Garden."
 
The Jonas Bros concert, on Friday, July 17, will be the first event in the newly named TD Garden. The TD Garden is New England’s world-class sports and entertainment arena, home to two of the country’s most storied sports franchises – the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League and the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association.
 
With this flagship marketing partner in place, Delaware North Companies embarked on a revitalization era over the last four years that has improved the fan experience, hospitality offerings and ticketing packages, as well as a return for sponsors and business partners. The TD Garden has undergone major renovations and made multi-million dollar reinvestments in the fan experience. TD Bank shares the vision of Delaware North Companies to create a world-class arena and event experience for New England.
Tricia McCorkle, TD Garden
