Paille Confident As B's Return to TD Garden
Saturday, 04.21.2012 / 1:22 PM           / Features
By  Anthony Gulizia  - BostonBruins.com
Print
BOSTON, MA – After a 2-1 loss to the Washington Capitals in Game 4 Thursday, Bruins Head Coach Claude Julien made it clear he wanted to see more net-front traffic in his postgame press conference.
Less had to be said to the players in the locker room, who understand the areas they need to improve for Game 5.
“We understand the message clearly,” Bruins forward Daniel Paille said. “For us, we’re going to have to get a better effort from everybody. It’s not one or two guys, it’s the whole room that needs to improve.
“We had a good practice yesterday and from Claude we have that message and know what to do, we just have to go out and show it.”
The B’s offense hasn’t been as productive in the postseason as it’s been throughout the season, and Julien rolled out wholesale changes to the lineup in practice yesterday.
Of those changes included Paille, who moved to Patrice Bergeron ’s line with Rich Peverley , while Brad Marchand filled Paille’s spot on the “Merlot” line. 
“For us, we haven’t been too offensive this series and give the credit to their defensive style and goaltending,” Paille said of Washington. “We know we just have to learn to adjust. I practiced with Bergy and Pev yesterday but it can change throughout the whole game. But for me I’m just going to wait and see whoever I’m out there with and play my style.”
Despite the more finesse style of play that often comes from Bergeron’s line, Paille doesn’t plan on changing his game from the physical Merlot line.
“For me, I think I got to stay the same way, especially in the playoffs here,” Paille said. “I find in the past I try to change a little too much and kind of get off my game so I think it’s best I stay with what I’m doing best right now.”
When the B’s take the ice at TD Garden tonight, more offensive production is more important than ever. With the series tied at 2-2, Paille and the Bruins can inch within one win from eliminating the Capitals with a victory.
“ We feel very good about ourselves coming in and we know that they’re going to play a strong game,” Paille said. “But the fact that we’re here tonight and we get to change the result and come out with the lead is huge and I think everyone wants to do that.”
FEATURED STORIES
