Post a comment
Boston Celtics loge seats at the TD BankNorth Garden are a great location to take in a NBA basketball game. These Celtics loge seats are in an ideal location for a full view of all the action on the court. The loge sections in the TD Garden are immediately behind the courtside seats and surround the arena. Boston Celtics loge seats are widely considered to be the second best Celtics seats in the TD Garden. View the Boston Celtics Schedule for the next home game at TD Garden.
When you are looking for Celtics tickets for a loge seat, make sure you examine a Celtics seating chart for TD Garden prior to making a loge ticket purchase. Most fans prefer the best Boston Celtics loge seats in the front row of Section 1. This section puts you right behind the scorer's table and gives you the same perspective as the TV broadcasters calling the game. You will definitely have the best Celtics seats if you can snag a pair of seats in this location.
A Boston Celtics loge seat in Section 12 will also give you a great view. Section 12 is at midcourt, opposite from Section 1. Sitting in a front row seat in either midcourt section gives you an unobstructed view of all the action on the court and enables you to watch everything throughout the arena.
The best Boston Celtics loge seats are nearly always sold out, but you can check the TD Garden box office or the team website for more information on loge ticket availability. Even if the game is sold out, you can always find Celtics loge seats available on the secondary market. Check a non-sales Celtics ticket information website prior to making a decision about Celtics loge tickets to ensure you are getting unbiased information.
The TD Garden is separated into different sections with a different face value price for tickets in each section. The sections are described as Celtics courtside , Celtics loge , Celtics suite , Celtics club , and Celtics balcony sections. Although the Boston Celtics generally sell out their arena, the secondary market has tickets available for most sections on most game days. Prices can vary dramatically based on the opponent, day of the week, and point in the season.
For the cheapest Boston Celtics loge seats, look for a middle of the week game against low-caliber opposition. The most expensive Celtics loge seats are for weekend games against the best teams in the NBA. Regardless of where you choose to sit in the loge section, every seat in the TD Garden is a great seat when you get to cheer on your Boston Celtics live. Enjoy the game and make sure to take pictures of your best loge seats at a Boston Celtics game.
Study the Celtics seating chart for additional options regarding cheaper Celtics tickets in the loge section.
