The Boston Garden circa 1995 (Photo by Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE via Getty Images)
IDENTITY CRISIS
This venue has been undergoing an identity crisis for years – nobody knows just what to call it. Some locals still call it the “new Garden” even though it’s 15 years old now.
Originally called the Shawmut Center during construction, a bank merger led to renaming it the FleetCenter before opening. The doors opened on September 30, 1995, the day after the original Boston Garden closed next door.
Since then, TD Banknorth bought the naming rights and it became the TD Banknorth Garden in 2005. In 2009, Banknorth was dropped from the name; it’s now officially the “TD Garden”.
The TD Garden with the Zakim Bridge in the background (Photo by Scott Cunningham/NBAE via Getty Images)
COMING AND GOING
Two words. North Station.
The easiest way to get there is on the subway or the commuter rail, because the Garden is above the train station.  Take the Green or Orange lines to North Station. You can also get there from the suburbs on the Fitchburg, Haverhill, Lowell, or Newburyport-Rockport MBTA commuter lines.
If you’re taking the commuter line into South Station, get off at Back Bay Station and take the Orange Line to North Station.
Driving
This is the worst way to get to the Garden. But if you must, plot out your trip on Google maps or set your GPS before you leave. Here are the general directions:
From the north:
Take 93 south to Exit 26/Leverett Circle/Cambridge. Follow the signs towards North Station. Turn right at the end of the ramp onto Nashua Street. Turn left at Lomasney Way. The Garden will be on your left.
From eastern New Hampshire and northeastern Mass.:
Take 95 south to Route 1 south.  Go across the Tobin Bridge and follow signs for Storrow Drive/Cambridge. Stay right to exit at Nashua Street and follow signs for North Station. The Garden will be on your left.
From the south:
Take 95 north to 93 north to Boston. Enter the 93 north tunnel. Take Exit 26/Storrow Drive. After exiting, stay in the left lane and follow signs for North Station. Make a right at the next set of lights onto Nashua Street. Follow Nashua Street until the end and make a left at the lights. The Garden will be on your left.
From the west:
Take Mass Pike East to 93 north to Boston. Enter 93 north tunnel. Take Exit 26/Storrow Drive. After exiting, stay in the left lane and follow signs for North Station. Make a right at the next set of lights onto Nashua Street. Follow Nashua Street until the end and make a left at the lights. The Garden will be on your left.
From the Back Bay:
Turn left onto Berkeley Street. At the end of Berkeley Street turn right onto Storrow Drive East. At the end of Storrow Drive, turn right onto Martha Road/Nashua Street. Turn left onto Causeway Street. The Garden will be on the left.
From Logan Airport:
Exit the airport and follow the signs to the Sumner Tunnel (pay a toll) toward Boston. Once through the tunnel, stay in the right lane and take the ramp marked Storrow Dr/Cambridge. Once on the ramp, follow signs for North Station.
The Garden’s web site also has some alternative routes .
Parking:
There are quite a few options near the arena.
The MBTA Garage is right underneath the Garden.  The entrance is on Nashua Street.It costs $25 on game nights.
The Government Center garage is an easy 5 minute walk to the Garden. It’s just above the Haymarket bus station. You can enter on New Sudbury Street or New Chardon Street. It costs $25 on game nights.
Insider tip: If you don’t mind a bit of a walk, there are two garages on Somerset Street that cost $10 & $11.
(Photo by Andrew D. Bernstein/NBAE via Getty Images)
TICKETS
Garden events are pricey.  The Celtics and Bruins each have some of the most expensive tickets in their leagues.
To get tickets to a Garden event, you can visit the box office, which is on the west side of the North Station platform, to the right of the Bruins pro shop.
You can also buy them online through Ticketmaster.  There’s also StubHub , FanSnap , and SeatGeek.   A cheaper, less secure option is Craigslist.  You can also check out Ace Ticket .
For more information about Celtics tickets, visit their web site . The Bruins web site can also answer most of your questions about B’s tickets .
(Photo by Elsa/Getty Images)
Here’s the capacity for each event at the Garden:
 
