NEW ENGLAND'S PREMIER ARENA
 
The TD Garden is New England's premier sports and entertainment venue. The Garden plays host to two storied franchises, the NHL's Boston Bruins and the NBA's Boston Celtics . The arena is consistently ranked top 3 in the country and draws upwards of 2.5 million fans a year.
 
New Branding and Identity Program for TD Garden
Chameleon DG recently partnered with the TD Garden to revitalize the arena's brand identity as the building transitions into a new era changing its name from TD Banknorth Garden to simply, TD Garden. Chameleon's primary goals for the Identity package were to first, provide a unified and consistent platform for all marketing and sales strategies building a strong corporate culture around one singular brand vision. Ultimately, this will create a deeper brand recognition among the Garden's consumers and fans.
 
Chameleon DG created a strong, contemporary icon and accompanying design elements, that work in conjunction with the TD Garden logotype, or can stand alone as a dynamic brand identifier. The icon embraces the building's unique architecture utilizing a smooth, rounded illustration style that captures a true sports and entertainment theme. We felt it necessary to create a symbol that would generate a greater mass appeal and a deeper brand loyalty for the passionate personality of this areas collective fan-base. A bold color palette of gold, gray, and black work in concert creating a palette that represents the brands outreach in the New England area and again suggests sport. Finally, an elegant typeface was chosen whose curves are soothing to the eye making it appealing for most usages. These elements combine to form a dramatic and unique brand identity package that truly symbolizes the premier sports and entertainment arena that is the TD Garden.
 
The Garden also approached Chameleon DG with the challenge to design and produce two microsites promoting the arena's corporate sponsorship capabilities and the exclusive Premium Club level, where "Access Is Everything." Both sites were on a limited budget with an extremely tight dual launch deadline.
 
