Best Rate Guarantee
The Onyx Hotel: A Luxury Boutique Hotel near the TD Garden
Our boutique hotel is located just one block from TD Garden—the Garden—Boston's premier sports and entertainment venue. Home to the exceptional Boston Celtics, NBA champions, and Boston's world-champion hockey team the Boston Bruins, TD Garden hosts a variety of top entertainers and has a fascinating history.
Though it has had many names over the years (33 including its present name), TD Garden has been a consistently world-class arena. It first opened as the Boston Garden in 1928, with President Calvin Coolidge switching on the lights via telegraph from the White House, and the Garden has served as a popular entertainment center ever since. It has presented bands from the Beatles to U2, and featured riveting political speeches by the likes of FDR, Churchill and JFK.
From family shows like the Harlem Globetrotters, Disney on Ice and the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, to the hottest contemporary music acts, the Garden presents a variety of events throughout the year. Major national sporting events are held in the arena, and the Bruins and Celtics continue to wow the crowds.
In 1995, the Boston Garden closed and, marked by multiple celebrations, reopened in an adjacent brand new building as the FleetCenter. The FleetCenter became TD Banknorth Garden in 2005, which was once more changed to the TD Garden.
In 2006, the TD Garden underwent extensive renovation. Over $20 million was spent on new construction and improvements, including a 20,000 square-foot expansion and the installation of a high definition scoreboard, the first of its kind in any arena.
For more information about upcoming events and to purchase tickets, visit the TD Garden site .
The 45-seat Ruby Room is the perfect spot for dinner and drinks before an event at the Garden. For more information, visit the Ruby Room's website, www.rubyroomboston.com .
ONYX HOTEL :  155 Portland Street, Boston, MA  02114
Reservations: (866) 660-6699
