Post a comment
The Boston Celtics NBA team plays at the TD BankNorth Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. The TD Garden seating chart gives you a view of the seats for the Boston Celtics arena and lets you buy cheap Celtics tickets for your next NBA game. See the Boston Celtics Schedule for the next game at the TD Garden.
The TD Garden is split into five distinct seating areas: Celtics courtside seats , Celtics loge seats , Celtics suite seats , Celtics club seats , and Celtics balcony seats . Be sure to consult a Boston Celtics seating chart before you buy your Celtics tickets. Each section has a different price for tickets and there are best Celtics seats in each location. Consult the Boston Celtics seating chart prior to making a Celtics ticket purchase.
The TD Garden is a relatively new arena since it was built in 1995. The former home of the Boston Celtics, a venue called the Boston Garden, was in use since 1928 and the new TD Garden provided new luxury seating, larger accommodations, and modern facilities. The old Boston Garden was a great place to watch a NBA game, but the new TD Garden is becoming one of the best arenas in the NBA.
The TD Garden is located in the heart of Boston, just north of downtown. There are two good ways to get to a Boston Celtics game at the TD Garden. The best choice is to take public transportation. In Boston, this consists mainly of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA), also called "The T". The North Station stop is immediately next to the entrance to the TD Garden and provides a convenient and cheap way to get to the NBA game.
If you are driving to the TD Garden, the address is:
TD BankNorth Garden
100 Legends Way
Boston, MA 02114
Look for Causeway street and Massachusetts State Highway 3A. There are more than 1000 parking stalls in the TD Garden garage and several dozen private parking garages within a few blocks of the arena.
The TD Garden box office is generally sold out, so for the best chance to get Boston Celtics tickets, look at your favorite ticket website or secondary market provider. Be careful when purchasing tickets for a Celtics game at the TD Garden because not all seats give an equally good view of the action. Visit the links for more unbiased information on the best Celtics seats: Celtics courtside seats , Celtics loge seats , Celtics suite seats , Celtics club seats , and Celtics balcony seats .
Above all else, be sure to study the Boston Celtics seating chart for TD Garden to make sure you are buying tickets for the right section.
