Posted on           May 02, 2012          by           Zach Werner
Pierce throws down a Jam on a transition fast break after a nice feed from Avery Bradley
With Ray Allen already out nursing ankle spurs, (anyone else pessimistically reminded about KG’s knee status of day-to-day in 2009?), the last thing the Boston Celtics needed going into Game 2 against the Hawks was another lost body.  Rajon Rondo was glad to give it to them. With Rondo suspended, the C’s in an 0-1 hole, and an inexperienced Avery Bradley starting in the backcourt, Doc Rivers did just about the only thing he could: Take the shackles off Captain Paul Pierce and let him fire away. Not only did Pierce respond with a vintage performance line- 36 points, 14 rebounds, 4 assists 12/26 FG, but he also was the focus of the Celtics offense for most of the 44 minutes he was on the floor.  Usually, when Rondo is in the game, Doc is able to let Rondo run the offense and set up plays for his teammates to get good looks; however, without that luxury, the Celtics were only able to run the offense through either Pierce and Garnett.  Paul’s ability to rise to the challenge on a night where the Boston could have been headed back to the TD down 2-0 has to be considered one of his better playoff performances of his all-star career.  Of mention here is that Paul literally answered the prayers of Boston fans by ‘Tebowing’ at mid-court after a couple of free throws put Boston up 85-78 with just over a minute remaining.
 
With that said lets take a look at some of Paul’s finer moments in recent postseason memory:
 
The New Jersey Nets “Miracle Game”-2002
Back in the days when Antoine Walker was still giggling his way up the court in green, Pierce, and co, pulled off the greatest 4th quarter comeback ever in NBA history.  Down by 21, 74-53, after three-quarters the Celtics seemed destined to lose Game 3 of the Eastern Conference Finals when suddenly they went on a ridiculous run to wind up beating the Nets 94-90.  Pierce scored 19 of his 28 points that night in the wild final period for the C’s and admitted the following after the win: “At the start of the fourth quarter, we just wanted to fight and make a statement for the next game that we’re going to be a team to be reckoned with. I think we did more than make a statement.”  The Celtics comeback even brought a smile to the face of their stoic coach at the time, Jim O’Brien.
 
The ACL Scare- 2008 NBA Finals
All I have to say is: Thank you for letting this just end up being a sprain
Every Celtics fan knows this one.  In the first game in the 2008 NBA Finals against the Lakers, Paul goes down with what was thought to be an ACL injury after crashing to the floor playing defense.  Paul was at the point where he couldn’t put any pressure on his knee.  He had to be carried off the floor, and placed in a wheelchair.  Pierce had everyone in Boston collectively holding their breath, only to come charging out of the tunnel minutes later and check back into the game.  Not only did his re-entry spark the Celtics to an emotional Game 1 victory against the Lakers, and eventual NBA Championship, but he also provided 22 points and some clutch shooting.
 
Lebron V Pierce- 2008 Eastern Conference Semifinals
This night belonged to the two best players on the floor as Lebron James and Pierce went at it on the parquet at the TD Garden to decide who advanced in a decisive Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals.  While Lebron ultimately ended up outscoring Pierce 45 to 41, it was Pierce’s heroics that sealed the victory for the Celtics.  Of distinct memory was Paul’s ability to lock up a key jump ball and wisely call timeout, with under a minute left, which propelled the Celtics onto the Eastern Conference Finals where they would defeat the Detroit Pistons.
