Address: 100 Legends Way, Boston, MA 02114
Capacity: 19,580
Parking: Parking is available under the TD Garden garage or within several buildings of the building.
Year Opened: 1995
Rules: Smoking is prohibited within the building.
Nobale Former Names: FleetCenter, TD Banknorth Garden
The TD Garden sits in the heart of downtown Boston and is one of the preeminent sports arenas in the United States. Since it opened in 1995, it has been the scene of NHL and NBA championships for the Boston Celtics and Boston Bruins, as well as hundreds of concerts, family shows, wrestling matches and everything in between. With a capacity of 19,600, it is one of the largest sporting arenas in the country and boasts more than 1,100 club seats, a dazzling HD video board and LED lighting on the interior and exterior of the building. As an added bonus for attendees, the TD Garden is also connected to the Boston subway system and Massachusetts commuter rail lines, making it extremely convenient to attend an upcoming event.
The Boston Celtics are one of the most successful franchises in sports history, but it took more than a decade in the TD Garden before they were able to hoist their most recent banner. Behind the strength of the "Big Three" - Kevin Garnett, Ray Allen and Paul Pierce - the Celtics finally returned to the promised land in 2008 after knocking off the Los Angeles Lakers in the NBA Finals. It was also the greatest single season turnaround in NBA history - the Celts finished 24-58 in 2007 and followed it up with a championship season.
Boston Bruins fans had to watch the other New England sports franchises end their title droughts for much of the 2000s, while their team never seemed to be able to break through. Their prayers were finally answered in 2011 when the Bruins won the Stanley Cup for the first time since 1972 behind the stellar play of Tim Thomas at goalie. The Bruins are now one of the biggest draws in Boston, with countless fans donning black and gold enjoying the wonderful bars and restaurants surrounding the TD Garden before every game.
The TD Garden is also one of the most popular concert venues in New England and is a regular stop for many performing artists on the arena circuit. Everyone from Lady Gaga to classic rock bands like Rush have played at the Garden, and Boston's rich rock music history has attracted countless big acts. Simply put, if you're heading to a big event in Boston, chances are, it's going to be on the grand stage at the TD Garden.
TD Garden Ticket Information:
The seats TicketCity offers for events at TD Garden come from our large network of suppliers. Those suppliers list and price the tickets for these events at TD Garden, and in many cases the ticket prices will be higher than the face value printed on them. After submitting your ticket order, TicketCity will verify the availability of those seats with our supplier before confirming your purchase. Tickets are shipped via FedEx as soon as they are available to send.
TicketCity is not affiliated with TD Garden or the official TD Garden website.
