10/17/2011 1 Check-in Here
TD Garden...Where do I start?
Well this past Saturday night me and the girlfriend happen to be in Boston. Pretty normal for weekends for us these days. We saw a sign and found out the Circus was in town! (Ringling Bros. And Barnum & Bailey Circus) So we went to the garden and got tickets!
As far as it's location its pretty nice. You can get here EASY right from North Station! (Both Green and Orange line). Also make note that if you drive The TD Garden doesn't own or operate any local parking facilities. However, the MBTA Garage, a 1,150 space-parking garage, is located directly underneath the TD Garden and is accessible via Nashua Street. Elevators located in the parking garage will bring you directly to the main concourse in North Station. I don't know what the parking rates are but you can give them a call directly at (617) 222-3042 for more information.
Buying tickets was EASY! We figured out we wanted to go the day OF The show. So we took the Boston T there and went to the BosTix booth first in Copley. They wanted $25 a ticket. We also figured we had all day to we went to the TD Garden box office to see if they had a better price for us and they did! We got seats for $21.50 per ticket WITHOUT a processing fee. The show was about 2 hours and 45 minutes long.
We differently got our monies worth that night. The seats we got where awesome! Based on the price we thought maybe the seats would be iffy. But they are not. The seating in the Garden was so great. You could see from any where! So it really was a GREAT value for what we paid. Tickets ranged from $18-$80. just to give you an idea.
The staff at TD Garden was great! From the box office all the way to the security staff. Ushers helped us to our seats. They made sure we knew where to go. No complaints here at all!
The food prices are a little pricey. We skipped out on eating here. $12 for cotton candy?...a little much in our book. I mean $5-$6 would have been expected. I know food is where they make most of their money but really? Come on! This was also the circus's fault as well. Not just the Garden's. We get that. Still it's a complaint in my book.
TIPS:
Buy tickets AT the Garden or BosTix! Whatever us cheapest. No Processing fee if you buy them in person. (Save your self the $8-$12 a ticket!)
Eat before or after the show. The food can be a little bit on the pricey side.
Take the Boston T in for easy access. Even if this means parking a few stops away.
Stay for a few minutes after the show. Or you will be getting into a crowded T/Garage. (Maybe have dinner some where outside?)
Seats don't seem to matter to much. You can see from anywhere!
So with all of that said it was FUN to visit the Garden! We will be going back for a hockey game later this year. I will again be going to buy the tickets in person to save some cash! Besides we are in Boston so much so its not out of our way! otherwise you can get tickets online from Ticketmaster or even directly from their site. Do whats best for you!
Great great 4/5! The next visit is in our very near future!
