boston attractions
Photo by Eric Wilbur
Since replacing the venerable Boston Garden in 1995, the TD Garden - which originally opened as the FleetCenter - the home of the Boston Bruins and Celtics has hosted its share of historic events, including the Celtics’ 2007-08 NBA title run. In 2011, the building hosts the first Stanley Cup Finals played on Causeway Street since 1972. It is was privately-financed and remains owned by Delaware North Inc. It cost $160 million to build. It was designed by Ellerbe Becket, Inc. of Kansas City.
Events
In addition to the Bruins and Celtics, the TD Garden – referred to locally as simply, “The Garden” - is also home to a bevy of popular concerts every year, the Beanpot hockey tournament, Boston Blazers lacrosse, high school tournament basketball games, the Barnum and Bailey Circus, Disney on Ice, and other special events and college graduations.
You can see a complete list of events at the TD Garden calendar page .
Tickets
Online at Ticketmaster.com
By visiting the TD Garden box office, located at the west side of the North Station platform
By visiting any Ticketmaster outlet
By calling Ticketmaster at 1-800-745-3000
The Garden also offers special seating for guests with disabilities. Those guests should call the Garden in advance to make arrangements. See the Garden’s web site for specific contact information for the Bruins, Celtics, and all other events.
Getting There
The Garden’s official address is 100 Legends Way, though most still consider its location to be on Causeway Street. The players parking lot in front of the building on Causeway St. was where the original Garden stood from 1928 until its demolition in 1997. It is easily accessible off Route 93, as well as by MBTA. If driving from the north, take exit 26 Leverett Circle/Cambridge and look for signs for the TD Garden. If coming from the south, take Exit 26 for Storrow Drive. If you choose to take the T, take either the Green or Orange Lines to the North Station stop.
Capacity
The Garden has a maximum capacity of 19,580; 17,565 for hockey and 18,624 for basketball.
Parking
Though the Garden does not own its own parking facilities, the MBTA parking garage, featuring 1 1,150 space, is conveniently located directly beneath the building. Garage elevators bring guests directly to the main lobby of North Station, where they can then take escalators up to the arena. Parking rates vary, so call 617-222-3042 in advance.
Other parking facilities with different rates, including the Government Center Garage , a short walk from the Garden, can be found in various locations along the streets parallel to Causeway St.
Nearby Dining
The Garden is just steps from the historic North End neighborhood , which offers a number of enticing dining options . The streets surrounding the Garden also feature a great number of watering holes where you can grab a pre-or-post-game meal or drink.
Related Articles
