TD Garden - Boston Sports Arena
Biggest indoor  Boston sports and entertainment arena
Get ready for fun in TD Garden - home of the Boston Bruins and Boston Celtics, and one of the nation's top sports arenas.
Located right in the center of Boston, TD Garden (you'll also hear it called TD Banknorth Garden and occasionally even Fleet Center) hosts many of the city's biggest sports events and rock-pop concerts by famous performers. 
TD Garden is also the site of  ice shows, family entertainment, the circus, wrestling matches, and  even national events, such as the 2004 Democratic National Convention when Barack Obama, then an Illinois Senator, gained national attention after delivering the keynote address. 
TD Garden in Boston
From October through April, you can watch sports events here almost every day - and that's in addition to all of the concerts, entertainment, speeches, and other performances going on year-round.
Complete schedule and tickets for TD Garden events
The Boston Celtics , Boston Bruins, and the Boston Blazers all call TD Garden "home" as it transforms from basketball court to ice rink to lacrosse field.
Built in 1995, TD Garden replaced The Boston Garden, a much-loved Boston icon.  Boston locals always called it "The Garden" - by the way, that's pronounced "The Gahd'n" - and that's still what everyone calls it.   Confused yet? 
Just don't get The Garden mixed up with the Public Garden - the gorgeous park with the Swan Boats and Make Way for Ducklings statues across from Boston Common.
Photo courtesy of Eric Kilby
The old Garden, built in 1928 as a clone of New York's Madison Square Garden and demolished in 1997, evokes a lot of local nostalgia because of all the history-making games and events held there.  I feel that way myself, remembering certain rock concerts.  The Garden wasn't old . . . it was just . . . quirky.
But to be perfectly honest, the old Garden was outdated.  It was also unairconditioned, uncomfortable, and kind of smelly. 
 
What You'll Find at TD Garden
By contrast, the new 10-floor Garden - TD Garden - is considered among the top 3 sports and entertainment complexes in the entire country, and for good reason.  The arena seats almost 20,000 for concerts (slightly fewer for ice events and basketball games), and boasts a state-of-the-art, multi-million dollar video scoreboard. 
Several restaurants, multiple sports bars, lots of concession stalls, retail spaces, and other amenities add to the comfort.  Although some of the eateries and lounges allow entry to premium ticketholders only, the Hub is open to everyone and offers spectacular city views from its 4th floor location.
On the 5th and 6th floors, The Sports Museum celebrates Boston sports with an eclectic memorabilia collection.  For example, you'll see former Red Sox slugger Ted Williams' locker and some of the hard wooden chairs from the old Garden. 
Banners commemorating the Celtics' 16 World Championships, the Bruins' 5 Stanley Cups, and the Beanpot Trophy awarded during the annual Boston Beanpot hockey tournament held each year in February between Boston University, Boston College, Harvard, and Northeastern add to the excitement.
Recommended Sources for TD Garden Tickets
