Arena Parking: $25.00
NBA Basketball Arena Review - TD Garden
Located in Boston's Downtown North section on Causeway Street, the     TD Garden stands just minutes from the historic North End and     Faneuil Hall. Easily accessible from both I-93 and I-95, this     10-story building hosts not only Boston Celtics' games, it also is     the home to the NHL's Boston Bruins and the Boston Blazers     Professional Lacrosse Team. People traveling to the Garden by     commuter rail can be dropped off at North Station right at the     doorstep of the arena.
As with all sporting events in Boston, the fan interaction can     provide some of the best atmosphere in all of professional sports.     The sheer love and excitement that fans of Boston sports get out of     watching their hometown teams play is something that can't be     matched anywhere else. In the TD Garden, there is a maximum capacity     of 19,580, which dwindles down to around 18,500 when there is a     Celtics game being played. Yet and still, the sheer excitement of     the fans provides a great way to take in a sporting event.
Built in 1995 to replace the old Boston Garden, TD Garden was     constructed for a total cost of $160 million. With a total size of     755,000 square feet, 13 escalators, and 7 elevators, the Garden     provides ample room for any type of grandiose event. If you find     yourself getting hungry or thirsty while you are watching the game,     you will have 47 different vendors to choose from, most of which     have just recently been added to the Garden. If you want a more     quaint, relaxing experience, TD Garden also has you covered with     many different bars and gourmet restaurants where you can sit back     and enjoy a peaceful meal with a loved one. The Hub is a lounge     located on the Level 4 concourse and is accessible to all patrons     regardless of membership in the Garden's exclusive Premium Club.
If you're looking for a place to spend the night to wind down in     after the adrenaline rush of watching some Celtic Basketball, plan     to stay at the Onyx Hotel or the Liberty Hotel Boston. Both hotels are     within close walking distance to the TD Garden so you won't have to     worry about a long night of travel after the game and by staying in     the area, you're free to partake in the local nightlife. 
TD Garden is located adjacent to some excellent bar areas as     Boston is home to some great sports fans that understand the     importance of a night on the town.  If you plan to hang out     around TD Garden, be sure to check out The Four's, Boston Beer Works and Sullivan's Tap on Canal     Street (for more detail check my Celtics Review ).  For a truly     historic evening pub crawl, be sure to check out the Green Dragon     Tavern and the Bell in Hand Tavern located along the cobblestone     area of Union Street.   Both have been around since the     1800's and feature live Irish bands at night and great beer on     draft.   If you decide to venture toward the Faneuil Hall     area, be sure to check out Black Rose, The Tap, and Red Hat for a     truly epic pub crawl experience.  If you're into more of a club scene, take a walk to the Greatest Bar. Greatest Bar features a DJ and live music as well as     big screen televisions tuned into the latest sports information for your viewing enjoyment.   For a quieter experience with great drinks and great food, look to McGann's Irish Pub on Portland St. to provide     you with a charming, neighborhood bar type of atmosphere that will     allow you to relax and enjoy one of your favorite libations.
Points of interest within the city are also plentiful enough that     you will have plenty of options available to you when you are not     attending a game at the TD Garden. Quincy Market near Faneuil Hall     in Boston, which once served as a market for farm-fresh produce in     the early 1800's, is an area that has many different restaurants and     fast food eateries to satisfy anybody taste. You also have the     opportunity to take a walk on the Freedom Trail, which is a 2.5-mile     pathway that takes you past 16 historic landmarks in the Boston     area. From the Bunker Hill Monument to Granary Burial Ground, many     different elements are on display for people to see. If you're     looking to eat at the oldest restaurant in the United States, look     no further than the Union Oyster House located in downtown Boston.     The building was thought to have been built around 1704, and it     continues to be one of the most visited historic buildings in the     entire United States.
Whether you are attending a Boston Bruins game or watching Paul     Pierce and the Celtics make a run at another NBA title, the TD     Garden in Boston is ready to treat you and your family to a night of     fun and excitement. Plenty of local accommodations and a vibrant     nightlife also await your arrival both before and after the event.     With its lavish furnishings and cozy atmosphere, TD Garden is one of     the premier sports complexes in all of the United States.
For more information on the city of Boston, MA check out my other     reviews by clicking on the links below:
