beer in boston
There's a little something for every taste along Canal St., a popular pre-game destination near the TD Garden. Whether you're seeking a quick bite before a Bruins or Celtics game, a drink after a concert, or are just looking to dance the night away, here are some of the best bars near the Garden.
1. Boston Beer Works
Like its sister location across from Fenway Park, this hometown brewery is a pre-game favorite for Bruins and Celtics crowds. The Bunker Hill Blueberry Ale (including real blueberries) is a popular favorite, but the newer DIPA and espresso stout are sure to become hot sellers as well. Much larger than the Fenway location, the second floor features an assortment of pool tables.
Address: 110 Canal St.
2. The Fours
If you're looking for a sports bar with some history, this is the place. Voted Best Sports Bar in America by Sports Illustrated, memorabilia adorns the walls everywhere at this establishment, almost as if the place were a mini-museum of Boston sports history. The extensive menu boasts sandwiches and burgers named after Boston sports legends, including John Hannah, Bobby Orr, Ray Bourque, and Ted Williams.
Address: 166 Canal St.
Phone: 617-720-4455
3. Sports Grille Boston
Don't have a ticket to the game? This spot is game-watching nirvana, with dozens of TVs hanging from the walls and ceiling. The food is decent, and the beer selection is about average. But ask Bostonians what the best bar in town is for watching sports, you're liable to hear "Sports Grille" more often than not.
Address: 132 Canal St.
4. Porter's Bar and Grill
In a neighborhood teeming with loud, obnoxious venues, the welcoming, upscale atmosphere at Porter's presents itself as a top-notch destination for the after-work and pre-game crowd. Porter's has been named Boston's Best Burger ($8.99) by both Citysearch and the Improper Bostonian, and received accolades from WBZ-TV, who named it Boston's Best Sports Bar in 2007.
Address: 173 Portland St.
Phone: 617-742-7678
5. McGann's Pub
Hands down, one of the best Irish bars in the city. The small, cozy atmosphere at McGann's gives off a warm vibe, one best paired with a perfectly-poured pint of Guinness. There's little Irish about the menu, which features your typical American pub fare. But the scene will make you feel as if you stepped into Ireland for a brief spell.
Address: 197 Portland St.
Phone: 617-227-4059
6. Sullivan's Tap
Seeing as the seediness factor kind of creeps me out, I'm not normally a big proponent of entering bars without windows. I'll make an exception for Sullivan's Tap though, long treasured as one of Boston's best dive bars. From the sticky floors to the ridiculous beer specials, this place is not for those seeking out the town's best martini. Classy, it's not, but this dump is such an experience, that you can't help but frequent it every now and then.
Address: 168 Canal St.
7. The Greatest Bar
Sporting News recently named the Greatest Bar "Boston's Best Sports Bar." To be honest, it's probably third in its own neighborhood behind The Fours and Sports Grille. The highlight here is the 14-foot HDTV, which the bar bills as the largest in Boston. The establishment is spread out over four distinct floors, offering various atmospheres. At night the joint becomes one big dance party.
Address: 262 Friend St.
8. Hurricane O'Reillys
One of eight local bars in the Glynn Hospitality Group, Hurricane O'Reilly's has a generic sort of presence to it, despite its attempt to bill itself as an all-the-time Mardi Gras party destination. It does have the party part down, as lines form outside on weekends with patrons willing to shell out the hefty cover $10 charge for admission. It's a nice landing spot for the young, dancing crowd. Everybody else will probably find it all a bit loud.
Address: 150 Canal St.
9. The Grand Canal
It has a reputation for being a bit pretentious and a tad overpriced, but what the Grand Canal lacks in those areas, it makes up for with its outdoor porch. Bands play post-game most nights for a $5 cover charge, but be aware when the place gets crowded, it can sometimes be downright unbearable.
Address: 57 Canal St.
10. The Harp
A long-time destination for the college crowd, the best thing going for The Harp is that it's located directly across the street from the Garden, which makes it an ideal meeting spot before the game. The overpriced menu and drinks, however, make it a much-less ideal dining spot.
Address: 85 Causeway St.
