TD Banknorth Garden Announces Naming Rights Deals
 
TD Banknorth Garden Announces Naming Rights Deals
AT&T and Heineken USA Partner With the Garden’s Most Popular Membership Areas
BOSTON, MA (March 6, 2008) - TD Banknorth Garden announced today entitlement partners for exclusive, membership only seating areas within the Garden. AT&T and Heineken USA entered into separate, multi-year deals branding their corporate moniker into the ‘AT&T SportsDeck’ and ‘The Heineken Boardroom’. Specific financial terms of the deals will not be disclosed.
“The AT&T and Heineken naming rights partnerships with our exclusive membership clubs provide prestigious, high profile marketing platforms to showcase each brand as premium and relevant,” said John Wentzell, President of Delaware North Companies – Boston and TD Banknorth Garden. “TD Banknorth Garden’s ability to provide new partnership opportunities and adapt to our sponsors’ corporate and brand strategies furthers our reputation as being among the upper echelon of arena’s in the industry.”
Launched to rave reviews, the newly sponsored AT&T SportsDeck and The Heineken Boardroom were both new products of the multi-million dollar revitalization of The Premium Club’s luxury seating areas over the past two years. Membership in The Heineken Boardroom offers guaranteed access to all Garden events, in an all-inclusive luxury setting. The club was expanded in the summer of 2007 to nearly double its occupancy and currently maintains a ‘sold-out’ status. Located on the west end, The Heineken Boardroom is the most upscale location in the arena.
“Heineken USA is pleased that we will increase our presence in the TD Banknorth Garden with the branding of The Heineken Boardroom,” said John Doolan, Vice President of the Northeast Regional Business Unit for Heineken USA. “Boston is an important market for our business and this partnership with TD Banknorth Garden will enable us to increase our visibility in the market and match the nation’s premium import brand with Boston’s premium sports and entertainment club.”
On the east end, the AT&T SportsDeck boasts a stylish, multi-tiered sports bar with a membership requirement more suited for small and mid-sized companies and young business professionals. With its expansive private bar, mid-level sight lines and inclusive bar-fare, the energetic atmosphere in the AT&T SportsDeck makes it the place to be to catch Bruins and Celtics action.
“As the world’s largest communications and entertainment company, AT&T is pleased to enter into what promises to be a fun relationship with Boston’s busiest sports and entertainment venue, TD Banknorth Garden,” said Steve Krom, Vice President and General Manager for AT&T’s wireless operations in New England. “It’s no secret that The Premium Club is THE place to be when it comes to watching a game or enjoying a concert. We feel that aligning our brand with the club is a natural extension of our presence within Boston’s business consumer community.”
The AT&T SportsDeck and The Heineken Boardroom signage and in-arena exposure will be in place this month.
About The Premium Club
The Premium Club located at the TD Banknorth Garden, is Boston’s exclusive sports and entertainment club. Dedicated to providing the highest levels of business entertainment, The Premium Club is designed to enhance both professional and personal entertainment opportunities. In addition to Suites and Club Seating, the newly added AT&T SportsDeck and The Heineken Boardroom offer members an array of luxury entertaining options. Membership in The Premium Club includes an array of benefits and advantages, including priority ticketing and premium seating at TD Banknorth Garden concerts, games and events, reserved parking, private entrances, celebrity meet and greets, once-in-a-lifetime travel experiences, and golf privileges with access to some of the finest private courses in New England.
About Heineken USA
Heineken USA Inc., the nation's premier beer importer, is a subsidiary of Heineken International BV, which is the world's most international brewer. Brands imported into the U.S. include: Heineken Lager, the world's most international beer brand; Heineken Premium Light; Amstel Light, a leading imported light beer brand; Heineken Dark; and Buckler non-alcoholic brew. Heineken USA is also the exclusive USA importer for the Tecate, Tecate Light, Dos Equis, Sol, Carta Blanca and Bohemia brands from FEMSA Cerveza of Mexico. Please visit EnjoyHeinekenResponsibly.com.
About AT&T
AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) is a premier communications holding company. Its subsidiaries and affiliates, AT&T operating companies, are the providers of AT&T services in the United States and around the world. Among their offerings are the world's most advanced IP-based business communications services and the nation's leading wireless, high speed Internet access and voice services. In domestic markets, AT&T is known for the directory publishing and advertising sales leadership of its Yellow Pages and YELLOWPAGES.COM organizations, and the AT&T brand is licensed to innovators in such fields as communications equipment. As part of its three-screen integration strategy, AT&T is expanding its TV entertainment offerings. Additional information about AT&T Inc. and the products and services provided by AT&T subsidiaries and affiliates is available at http://www.att.com .
© 2008 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the AT&T logo and all other AT&T marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. For more information, please review this announcement in the AT&T newsroom at http://www.att.com/newsroom .
Delaware North Companies, Inc. – Boston
is one of the country’s premier providers of world-class sports, entertainment and hospitality experiences. As operators of the TD Banknorth Garden, DNC-Boston serves more than 2.5 million visitors each year. DNC-Boston is a subsidiary of Delaware North Companies, Inc., one of the world’s leading hospitality and food service providers. Its family of companies also includes Delaware North Companies Parks & Resorts, Delaware North Companies Gaming & Entertainment, Delaware North Companies Travel Hospitality Services, Delaware North Companies Sportservice, and Delaware North Companies International. Delaware North Companies is one of the largest privately held companies in the United States with nearly $2 billion in annual revenue and 40,000 associates serving half a billion customers in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand. For more corporate information, visit www.DelawareNorth.com . For information regarding the TD Banknorth Garden, visit www.TDBanknorthGarden.com .
About Delaware North Companies
Delaware North Companies is one of the world's leading hospitality and food service providers. Its family of companies includes Delaware North Companies Parks & Resorts, Delaware North Companies Gaming & Entertainment, Delaware North Companies Travel Hospitality Services, Delaware North Companies Sportservice, Delaware North Companies International and Delaware North Companies Boston, owner of TD Banknorth Garden. Delaware North Companies is one of the largest privately held companies in the United States with revenues exceeding $2 billion annually and 40,000 associates serving half a billion customers in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand. For more information, visit www.DelawareNorth.com .
