Houston Rockets
Yahoo! Contributor Network
This article was created on the Yahoo! Contributor Network, where users like you are published on Yahoo! every day. Learn more »
Yahoo! Contributor Network
By Marysue Price , Associated Content Wednesday, Oct 13, 2010
*Note: This was written by an Associated Content Contributor. Sign up here to start publishing your own sports articles.
The perfect night, Boston Bruins hockey, pizza, and family
The perfect night for our family turned out to be a trip to Bostons TD Garden to watch the National Hockey League's Boston Bruins take on the Pittsburgh Penguins , and their young phenom Sidney Crosby (notes) . The night was a birthday gift to our daughter, a hockey player and die hard Boston Bruins fan. Sitting in the nosebleed section on student night, the Garden was charged with high voltage fans who were shouting for a win. We saw an exciting National Hockey League game that night and allowed ourselves to get carried away with the festive atmosphere at the TD Garden. The game ended with an explosive shoot out, some filthy goalie saves, and our beloved Boston Bruins walking away with the win. Priceless.
North End pizza  and Faneuil Hall,our TD Garden pregame tradition.
The evening started out great, parking was convenient and easy, we decided to park in the MBTA Garage. The TD Garden doesn't own or operate any local parking facilities. However, the MBTA Garage is located directly underneath the TD Garden and is accessible via Nashua Street. We arrived early enough to take in a stroll around Faneuil Hall , one of our favorite places to visit..Please keep in mind that arrival at least one hour in advance of game time to the TD Garden is advisable for all events. However we like to give ourselves a few extra hours to see the sights and have a meal. Only a ten to fifteen minute walk from the TD Garden, historical Faneuil Hall is a great place to check out the shops and do some people watching. Next on our agenda was the North End . Located close to the TD Garden, the North End is famous for authentic Italian food and atmosphere. Here you can find restaurants to fit any budget and all tastes. We decided on Ernesto's Pizza which is located at 69 Salem street. We quickly filled our bellies with some tasty traditional peperoni pizza that cost us a reasonable fifteen dollars. Satisfied and happy  we made our way back to the Garden ready for a hockey game. The neighborhood surrounding the Garden is a lot of fun. Both before and following the games the area is crowded with street performers, food carts,and souvenir vendors. We walked around for a  short while checking out the souvenirs, they consist of the typical, hats, pins, pennants, and, shirts.There is also a pro shop located inside the Garden that is open during games.  We like to look at the players statistics so we bought a program which was about five dollars and then decided to head in and find our seats. Be forewarned, the TD Bank Garden will not allow any bags or containers of any size into the arena. Purses are fine but they will not allow any other bags including laptop bags so plan accordingly. We were witness to a few disgruntled patrons having to find alternate places to store their belongings as the Garden does not offer lockers.
Kleenex please, my nose is bleeding! Seating at the top of the Garden.
We finally found our seats after a hike up into the "nose bleed section". There is a reason they call it the "nose bleed" section. You find yourself sitting perched very high up in the rafters of the Garden, making the players seem very small. However the fans are sociable in this section and to tell you the truth, at the garden there really isn't a bad seat in the house for basketball or hockey. In fact, the balcony seats are often better for hockey, since you can see the entire ice. If you are a knowledgeable hockey fan this will allow you to watch plays develop.Also there is no better seat to view all those beautiful banners. The seats are however aligned very steeply so if you have any issues with high places you may want to purchase seats closer to the ice. For my money though the student section is just fine and allows us to visit the Garden more than once a season by saving some on the cost. This evening however we happened to be there on student night so the atmosphere was similar to a home college game. We were surrounded by college students who were blowing off some academic steam. It was fun and at times very rowdy. My daughter is old enough so that it was not a problem for us. However, there was a young family sitting in our section who were not happy with the colorful and expletive language that was accompanied by prolific two handed drinking of the students in this section. If you are taking young kids,or your grandmother for that matter,you may want to consider this and buy your tickets on another night or in a more mature section.
Hot dogs, popcorn, peanuts, and beer.
I know what you're thinking,more food after pizza? Well, yes, we can't very well go to an National Hockey League game without some snacks and  a beer, it's all part of the experience. Maybe even a hot dog or two. After all that walking from the North End we are ready to dig in just about at the start of the second period. Perfect timing in my mind as everyone else is busy taking their seats so there is not much of a line for food and beer. On each level of the TD Garden, there are various concession stands offering many  different food and beverage options. My family's NHL experience would not be complete without, peanuts which are packaged separately, a hot dog, and a beer. If my memory is correct you can expect to pay about seven dollars for a beer and five for the hot dog. The TD Gardens concession prices are no more nor less than most other NHL or NBA arenas. You pay a premium, which is why we fill up on pizza before we go. The TD garden offers an array of dining options in addition to the typical concession stands that you find at most sports arenas. Once you arrive you will see that the spacing in the arena works well and it's easy to locate the bathrooms, beer vendors, and food vendors that you need from anywhere in the stadium.
May I see your ID please?
Sad to say but no one ever asks for my ID any more. Be prepared though, if you are under the age of twenty five you will need additional identification if you plan on buying alcohol at the Garden. The night we were there many young adults were denied alcohol due to inadequate identification. Here is a quote from the Garden's website "To purchase alcoholic beverages, a patron must present a valid MA driver's license, MA liquor ID, passport or military ID, which indicates the patron to be a least 21 years of age (MA ID cards, duplicate licenses, expired licenses, damaged licenses and driver's licenses, which do not have photos, will not be accepted). Out of state licenses are acceptable only if the patron is at least 25 years of age and another form of identification (e.g., credit card) will be required if the patron is between 25 and 30 years of age".  So there you have it, if you want the beer you should be prepared with the proper ID.
Rules, rules and more rules.
In addition to making sure that you have the proper identification and leaving your bags and carry-all's at home during sporting events. The TD Garden will not allow video cameras, however, Non-flash, still cameras without a detachable lens, may be used to take pictures of sporting events or events where the house lights are on. The web site for the TD Garden explains that cameras with detachable lens are prohibited from all TD Garden events. No one is allowed to bring in a tripod or other large photography equipment without building issued media credentials. This is a bit disappointing to me as I just received a really nice camera for my birthday and was looking forward to getting some shots this winter. Good to know though as you don't want to be made to leave  your expensive camera equipment in your car.
Boston's TD Garden is the place to be all year around.
Boston's TD Garden is home to the popular and gritty Boston Bruins hockey team. As a die hard Boston Bruins fan this well known sports venue is my top pick for a great night out when in Boston. No matter what NHL team the Bruins are battling it out for a win with, a good time can be had by all ages at the Garden. The Boston fans are the best in the country and there is never a dull moment when you attend a game at the TD Garden. Not a hockey fan? The Garden is also home to the NBA's World Champion Boston Celtics basketball team, and every year the TD Bank North Garden plays host to popular bands, musicians, college sporting events, family shows and much more.There is something for everyone rest assured, log onto the TG Garden website's schedule of events and you will find an event that you will want to attend. Between the Bruins, the Celtics, the annual Bean-pot, the Hockey East college tournament,various concerts and other events, the TD Garden attracts fans all year-round.
All good things must come to an end. Leaving the TD Garden.
Our evening spent watching the Bruins NHL team was perfect. The Bruins won in a shoot out, and the fans raised the roof with their excitement and noise. They are an intense group and anyone who attends an NHL game at the Garden will quickly get swept away in all the enthusiasm. It is always hard to leave the excitement but when the game is over it is time to go. It is invariably crowded leaving any stadium or arena and the Garden is no exception. Hold on tight to your little ones hands if they are with you as the stream of people can be overwhelming to children. Thankfully there are huge, wide open stairways that quickly spill the mob of sports fans into the street. Once out of the building It will feel as if the night is not over. The street will be alive with the sound of horns honking, drumming of  buckets and loud raucous cheering, especially if the home town boys walked away with the win. You can continue your evening at one of the many establishments in the area. For a late night snack or to wait for the traffic to clear try the perennial favorite, The Fours Restaurant . Located across the street from the TD Garden on Canal Street, and serving American style pub food it is hopping sports bar on game days. We however opted to head for home after the game this time, traffic was not too bad and it was worth it after such a great evening. I am already checking the calender, hoping that my daughters birthday falls on a home game again this year.
Useful information from the TD Gardens website
Public Transportation
MBTA Commuter Rail to North Station.
Orange and Green line subway to North Station.
Parking
MBTA is the most convenient located underneath the TD Garden via Nashua Street with elevators that will take you directly  to  the main concourse in north station
For more information call 617.222.3042.
In addition to the MBTA garage that I listed above you can park in a privately owned lot in the neighborhood there are several lots located near the Garden.
Government Center Garage
The Government Center Garage is an easy 5 minute walk to the Garden. Located off Route 93 (Exit 24A from 93N or 24B from 93S) and just above the Haymarket bus station, you will find 2000 spaces of covered parking in its newly renovated garage. Enter on New Sudbury Street or New Chardon Street. Enjoy easy and quick access to all major routes. Garden Events $25; Nights/Weekends $10. For more information call 617.227.0385 or visit
Ticket Prices to the Boston Bruins  National Hockey League games.
Tickets for the 2010-11 season range in price from $10.00 to $295.50 and vary depending on opponent, day, and time of game.The Tufts Medical Center Family Sectionis located in select rows in Balcony Section 326, the Tufts Medical Center Family Section offers discounted tickets to all Bruins home games for adults and children ages 14 and under .There are also Chipotle Student Nights,Located in select rows in Balcony Section 320. On Chipotle Nights students with a valid  Student ID can purchase discounted tickets to select Bruins home games. Please visit the  Boston Bruins website for Promotional pricing and special event games.
Sources for the article:
