Add to Timeline - What's This
Click "Add to Timeline" to publish
what you read to Facebook
See what your friends have read
on CBS Local sites
Use "Remove" or "Turn off" to
disable at any time
This is absolutly ridiculous. Come on Boston.
Vinnie
I bet if this was World Series time and the Red Sox were in it, there would be a viewing party at Fenway. It’s so much easier for crowd control, everyone would be in one location. Does Menino think he really has a better plan in place when and if everyobe floods Causeway after the game? Pathetic!
Brian in the Burbs
Really Mayor Menino?!
You can pull off a 7-mile Rolling Rally for the Sox and Celtics LESS THAN A DAY AND A HALF AFTER THEY CLINCH but you and your team can’t figure out the safety logistics to accommodate opening up the Gahden for Game 7 tomorrow night??  Really?!
REALLY L-A-M-E!!!  Boo!  Hiss!  BOO!! HISS!!
B’sFan32
Great way to support the home team….NOT.
If it was the Red Sox or Patirots,  it would be no problem.
“You know, we just don’t want to be dealing with massive crowds,” said William Evans, the Boston Police superintendent.
Any chance he’s a Vancouver fan? Where’s the B’s love?
GO BRUINS!!!!
Then permit our brothers at the Red Sox front office step up host the event!!
Tom McCormack
Personally, I would go to the Garden to watch Gm7 and support the local economy, Garden concessions and souvenirs… The problem is that a small percentage of knuckleheads have gone too far in their exuberance over the last decade of championships. Unfortunately the Mayor had to make this call.
Brendan
What if the game was at home?  What’s the difference?  Remember this when you go to the polls.
bp
Once again the mayor assumes the worst out of people. Fans would be more than well behaved in the garden. Everyone should let the mayor know how wrong he is http://www.cityofboston.gov/contact/?id=55
Patrick
Here’s my issue with the decision.  I was at Game 7 against the Lightning and Menino had asked the crowds to “behave”.  That had to be the least ruckus crowd I had ever seen leaving the Garden.  In fact, I believe there was only 2 arrests that night.  I live in western Mass and would have gone to the Garden tomorrow.  Now I won’t be anywhere close to the city, so there’s money that won’t be spent in Boston.
Raylene
Thanks a lot Mayor, this woruld of been great for the fans who could not afford to go to a regular game. I was really looking forward to going. Party pooper
Ellen
Bunch of party poopers.
Craig
Hey Superintendant Evans it’s Game–bleeping–Seven of the Stanley Cup Finals and our team is on the road so you can bet your dark blue ass and panda cars that there’s gonna be some crowds.  And another thing Menino sucks!
Let’s go Bruins!
Ky Walt
This was something that occurred in Vancouver and Dallas (For NBA Finals) without major issues, I would understand if it was even Chem Free, This BITES!
Craig
I’m really not surprised the guy who cancels the fun is a cross eyed mumbling drooling blithering idiot!  Real ionic move there mumbles!
Craig
I believe the words of the day here for your “ionic” drooling, mumbling and bumbling mayor of Boston is: TONE DEAF!  This is a hockey city you imbeciles!
rob
Mayor (?) Menino,
Nice demonstration of home town pride.  Where are you watching the game?  Why not invite 15,000 ACTUAL fans.
Go B’s.
Hope not to see you during the parade.
Glenn Sousa
They can do this in every other big city in the country but not Boston?  Come on Menino be proud of Boston and its fans.  Great city, great fans , and a wimp for a mayor.
Turtle
typical Boston response.   How does every other city in North America do this?  it’s 2011, time to support ALL Boston teams equally.  Thanks Mayor Borrows, or was that Mayor Luong?  We’ve been pumping money into the city for TWO months of this great playoff run  Pathetic response.  It’s embarassing for the entire region.
sloopjohnB2
The Mayor is a moron.  Every other city opens up their stadium.  Just look at the pictures from Vancouver last night.  He’s always saying what a great city we have and how safe it is.  Shame on him.  He is a dunce!
Italo
I’m glad they spelled out the story here online in writing.  I couldn’t understand maybe one or two words of what Mr. Mayor was saying.  This is just another example of how Boston can’t get out of its own way and get something right.  Too bad.  Go Bruins!
cartman
ya thats a smart move menino now explain to me what youre gonna do with the extra 16,000 people who are gonna show up despite not opening the garden cuz guess what theyre gonna hafta get there early to get in places which means theyre gonna be drinking earlier….and chief wiggum really you dont think theres gonna be crowds? how the hell did you become superintendent let alone be granted the opportunity to hold a weapon thinking crowds arent going to gather outside the building of a team on the road thats playing for a championship….2 meatballs right there
BILL
HE WILL BE THE FRIST TO SAY HE IS SO HAPPY FOR THE TEAM AND HE KNOW YHEY WOULD WIN IT ALL WHAT A
RRFields
Small time city…
realist
This is par for the course in this commie left wing state. A bunch of boobs who can never figure out how to do things other major cities have been doing for years. I knew there was no chance they’d do this.
kelly
now im gunna go down and cause a frigen riot just to prove a point. i was lookin foward to watchin game in garden cuz im not a yuppie that all iof a sudden likes bruins and can afford 1000 dollar tickets. this couldve been a chance for real fans to join in the celebration.  menino  ill make sure no1 in my family votes for u  factttt
Mike Smith
Like I said, we’re trying to discourage them from coming down to the area. If they can stay in their homes, or in their neighborhood. You know, we just don’t want to be dealing with massive crowds,” said William Evans, the Boston Police superintendent.
Way to support your Cities businesses. Just a poor move the City of Boston.
mike
typical of  mayor menino  wait till the polls opens we will remember
Deb
