Add to My Favorites
Break away from the ordinary... Host your next function at the TD Banknorth Garden! From 50 to 15,000 people, the TD Banknorth Garden is the place for any event.  A variety of private events are held at the TD Banknorth Garden each year including graduations, sales and marketing seminars, receptions, charity dinners, annual meetings and conventions. Our meeting space, restaurants and audio/video capabilities make the TD Banknorth Garden the perfect location for almost any gathering.  Take advantage of our state-of-the-art video scoreboard and audio/visual capabilities for multi-media sales and marketing presentations. Plan a fun-filled day of activities including lunch in the Premium Club and an afternoon of skating on the arena ice. Host your next sales meeting or monthly association gathering in Banners, the TD Banknorth Garden's private dinner club, overlooking the arena floor. Create an exhibition they'll remember by setting up your displays in the spacious concourse areas and on the arena floor. Make a dramatic statement by utilizing the expansive arena floor with specialty lighting for a large award banquet or fundraising gala. Make your own history on the parquet floor or Bruins' ice, and watch the video taped replay over dinner in Legends, TD Banknorth Garden's members-only club. Choose from the TD Banknorth Garden's extensive food and beverage menus to create the perfect culinary complement for your needs.  Guests should call the general number for info on each location per event. Open for all games, and concerts based on ticket availability and stage configuration.
Break away from the ordinary... Host your next function at the TD Banknorth Garden! From 50 to 15,000 people, the TD Banknorth Garden is the place for any event.  A variety of private events are held at the TD Banknorth Garden each year including graduations, sales and marketing seminars, receptions, charity dinners, annual meetings and conventions. Our meeting space, restaurants and audio/video...  more
