Microbrewed beer and good food
American
0.1 miles
save to list
See all 699 Restaurants in Boston: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23
The Best of NileGuide
The food in Boston is delicious and owes much of its culinary success to the local Seafood, but Boston is also known for excellent Italian and Chinese favorites. For top notch Seafood head over to the Waterfront in the Financial District. An elegant seafood restaurant overlooking Boston harbor, Atlantic 101 has fresh seafood and live Jazz music most nights. The Back Bay area of Boston also has some excellent Seafood restaurants. Casual and lively, the Atlantic Fish Company is Boston’s premiere chowder destination. Their menus are printed daily to reflect only the freshest seafood available. Additionally, check out The Palm not only for their jumbo Nova Scotia lobsters, but also for their classic New York Steaks. You’ll definitely get a kick out of the décor, because the dining rooms are filled with caricatures of local regulars, businessmen, politicians, and celebrities who make up their impressive customer base.
Owing to its popularity as the premiere Italian neighborhood in Boston, the North End has some quality Italian food. Look no further than Al Dente for some classic Italian food. The menu features pasta, chicken, veal, and seafood cooked with Italian flare that is sure to please discriminating palates. For some home-cooked Italian check out Antico Forno and you’ll enjoy their attentive service, large mouth-watering portions, and cozy atmosphere.
Chinatown is the place to be for amazing Chinese food. Located just east of Boston Common Boston’s Chinatown is the fourth largest in the nation and it offers a variety of sit-down restaurants. For instance, make time for the East Ocean City Restaurant which specializes in preparing the freshest and most authentic Chinese food. So fresh in fact, you can pick your seafood dinner from the tank and watch it get taken to the kitchen for cooking.
Best Of Boston
