The Sports Museum is proud to announce this year’s honorees for ‘The Tradition’.  The annual summer celebration honoring distinguished New England athletes and industry leaders will be held on Wednesday, June 27 at the TD Garden. 
 
 
This year’s Lifetime Achievement Award will go to three-time Cy Young award winner and member of the 2004 World Series Champion Boston Red Sox, Pedro Martinez.  Alexi Lalas, Soccer Hall of Famer, trailblazer and founding player of the New England Revolution will receive the Soccer Legacy Award.  Jeremy M. Jacobs, chairman and chief executive officer of Delaware North Companies for four decades, philanthropist and longtime owner of one of the NHL's most storied franchises, the Boston Bruins, will be presented with the Hockey Legacy Award.  The epitome of excellence and the backbone of the 1980’s Boston Celtics, Robert Parish, will be the recipient of the Basketball Legacy Award.  Title IX pioneer, Yale oarswoman, two-time Olympian and star of the award winning documentary "A Hero for Daisy", Chris Ernst, will be honored with the Special Achievement Award.   Former New England Patriot, known as the locker room leader and hard-hitting Super Bowl safety, Rodney Harrison will receive the Football Legacy Award.
 
 
‘The Tradition’ is the annual fundraising event for The Sports Museum, a 501(c)(3) non-profit educational institution, located on levels 5 and 6 of the TD Garden.  Attending ‘The Tradition’ guarantees a once in a lifetime opportunity.  Guests are granted the opportunity to mingle with some of New England’s most legendary athletes and industry leaders during the welcoming gala reception, which begins at 5:30 p.m. on the arena floor. Each ticket also includes a seat at the awards ceremony, where fans share in the career highlights and accomplishments of each honoree as they take the stage as part of ‘The Tradition Class of 2012’.
Tickets are $200 for general admission and $300 for reserved seating. All net proceeds benefit The Sports Museum.  For more information, to purchase tickets and for sponsorship opportunities, please visit www.sportsmuseum.org or contact Rusty Sullivan, Executive Director of The Sports Museum, at (617) 624-1237.
 
cost:Tickets are $200 for general admission a category: Business and Professional website: Click to visit the site
Looking for something to do before or after this event?
Search Boston Yellow Pages
