Print this article
Holiday Inn Near The Garden
The Holiday Inn Near The Garden, two miles from the TD Garden arena is one of the more economical choices to stay. This hotel was renovated in 2010 and is less than 10 minutes from Downtown Boston in the suburb of Somerville. Unlike in most downtown Boston hotels, parking here is free. A complimentary shuttle service to the nearest MBTA train stop brings you to the arena on event days. The hotel offers special rates to ticket holders to the arena's event.  An on-site restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. Facilities include an indoor heated pool, whirlpool and sauna.
Onyx Hotel
The upscale Onyx Hotel is within walking distance of the arena. The hotel is pet-friendly and offers gourmet dog cookies, clean-up bags, dog-walking and even dog-sitter services. Facilities include a 24-hour fitness center, a spa and a hosted wine hour every night in the lobby's living room.
Liberty Hotel Boston
The Liberty Hotel Boston is less than a mile from TD Garden, within walking distance. This massive 298-room luxury hotel is located in Boston's Beacon Hill neighborhood. The hotel features four on-site restaurants. Special ticket-holder rates for TD Garden events  are available. Spacious rooms range from 400 to 800 square-feet and offer views of the Boston waterfront. Each room features plush bathrobes, HD-LCD televisions and private minibars with martini sets that include a mixer, glasses and suitable ingredients. The hotel offers complimentary guided walking tours of Beacon Hill.
Bulfinch Hotel
The Bulfinch Hotel is a boutique hotel located less than four blocks from TD Garden. It contains 79 guestrooms and six suites, and features a full-service bar and tapas restaurant. All rooms include flat-screen televisions and free wireless Internet. Guests choose between standard, deluxe or deluxe king-size rooms. The deluxe room offers two double beds and is larger than the standard room. The deluxe king contains one king-sized bed.
Related Searches:
