Directions & Parking
Parking at TD Banknorth Garden
The TD Banknorth Garden doesn't own or operate any local parking facilities. However, the MBTA Garage, a 1,150 space parking garage, is located directly underneath the TD Banknorth Garden and is accessible via Nashua Street. Elevators located in the parking garage will bring you directly to the main concourse in North Station. For more information call 617.222.3042.
From the North: Take Interstate 93S to Exit 26A/Leverett Circle; Cambridge. Follow the signs towards North Station. Turn right at the end of the ramp. The TD Banknorth Garden will be located on your left.
Alternative Route:
Take Interstate 93S to Exit 28/Sullivan Square/Charlestown. After exiting, stay left and follow signs for Sullivan Square/Charlestown. Enter traffic circle and follow signs for Downtown/Storrow Drive. This is Route 99 south (Rutherford Ave.). At Bunker Hill Community College, follow signs for City Square/Downtown Boston. Stay straight and follow signs for North Station.
Alternative Route 2:
Take Interstate 93S to Exit 24A/ Government Center. After exiting, stay right onto Clinton Street. Take Clinton Street to the end. Turn left onto North Street. Take to the end. Turn right onto Congress Street. Stay straight. Congress Street turns into Merrimac Street. The TD Banknorth Garden will be on your right.
From Eastern New Hampshire And Northeastern Mass.: Take Interstate 95S to Route 1 S. Follow Route 1 across the Tobin Bridge and follow signs for Storrow Drive/Cambridge. Stay right to exit at Nashua Street and follow signs for North Station. The TD Banknorth Garden will be on your left.
From The South: Take Interstate 95N to Interstate 93N to Boston. Enter 93 N Tunnel. Take Exit 26/Storrow Drive. After exiting, stay in the left lane and follow signs for North Station. Make a right at the next set of lights onto Nashua Street. Follow Nashua Street until the end and make a left at the lights. The TD Banknorth Garden will be on your left.
Alternative Route:
Depending on where you plan to park for a TD Banknorth Garden event, you may also consider taking Exit 23/Gov't Center off the 93 N Tunnel. After exiting, get in the right lane. At the top of the exit, at the first traffic light, stay straight and follow the sign for North Station. Merge into right lane. This is Cross Street. Stay to the right and go through 2 sets of traffic lights. Make a right at the third traffic light. At the fourth traffic light, fork left onto Medford St. Take Medford Street to the end and turn left onto Causeway St. The TD Banknorth Garden will be on your right.
From The West: Take Mass Pike East to Interstate 93N to Boston. Enter 93 N Tunnel. Take Exit 26/Storrow Drive. After exiting, stay in the left lane and follow signs for North Station. Make a right at the next set of lights onto Nashua Street. Follow Nashua Street until the end and make a left at the lights. The TD Banknorth Garden will be on your left.
Alternative Route:
Depending on where you plan to park for a TD Banknorth Garden event, you may also consider taking Exit 23/Gov't Center off the 93 N Tunnel. After exiting, get in the right lane. At the top of the exit, at the first traffic light, stay straight and follow the sign for North Station. Merge into right lane. This is Cross Street. Stay to the right and go through 2 sets of traffic lights. Make a right at the third traffic light. At the fourth traffic light, fork left onto Medford St. Take Medford Street to the end and turn left onto Causeway St. The TD Banknorth Garden will be on your right.
From Back Bay: Turn left onto Berkeley Street. At the end of Berkeley Street turn right onto Storrow Drive East. At the end of Storrow Drive, turn right onto Martha Road/Nashua Street. Turn left onto Causeway St. The TD Banknorth Garden will be on the left.
From Logan Airport: Exit the airport and follow the signs to the Sumner Tunnel toward Boston. There will be a $3.00 toll when traveling from the airport into Boston. Once through the tunnel, stay in the right lane and take the ramp marked Storrow Dr/Cambridge. Once on the ramp, follow signs for North Station.
