 
nhl Arena general information
Boston is a sport’s town, and Boston residents take their hockey extremely seriously. The 775,000 square feet TD Garden proves that beyond the shadow of a doubt. Home to the NBA’s Boston Celtics and the NHL’s Boston Bruins, the TD Center is equipped to accommodate 17,565 screaming hockey fans on game day. TD Garden opened its doors in 1995, and since that time, it has seen over 3.5 million fans pass through its doors each year.
The Garden is located in downtown Boston. It is important to remember that Boston is one of the oldest cities in America. It has been around since before the industrial revolution. Because of this, traffic can be an unpredictable animal. It is best that fans allow plenty of time to make it to the stadium if they plan on driving. To park near or under the garden, fans should expect to pay between $18 and $25. Given the expected traffic delays and the cost, many fans choose to take the train or subway directly to the venue. There are park and ride options available.
If a fan has a fear of escalators, he will not like the Garden. Two long escalators must be taken from the station below the stadium to the level 100 concourse. The concourse itself is tastefully decorated in yellow and white. Bowl seats are wide and comfortable. There is a 360-degree LCD screen above the ice that broadcasts all the action and scores from around the league.
The TD Garden provides some of the best concessions in the land, and they are not just for club-level patrons. Fans will want to try one of the famous lobster rolls. Along with typical concessions, fans should make sure to try out the Links Grill and get their fill of sausage, peppers and onions. It is a hockey game, and what could be better? The Hub is an all-guests, full-service bar that offers a beautiful view of the Boston skyline. No membership is required. The team store is located at the train station concourse and has all the sports memorabilia one could expect.
Club level seating at the TD garden is luxurious without being apart from the action. The seats are plush leather and come with in-seat wait service, but fans are never far from the action. Those fans who grab a seat in the club section will still be heard on the ice.
Outside the venue, fans will find plenty of opportunities to indulge in a few pregame libations and grab a bite to eat. Boston is known for its excellent pubs and sports bars. One place that must be on any sports fans must-see list is the Fours. It is the nation’s oldest sports bar.
The Fours
Recently rated the number one sports bar in America, the Fours has been in operation since 1976. 42 TVs are strategically placed around the interior of the bar. Fans will be able to catch any game, even those featuring certain teams from LA. The menu is as decadent as any sports fan could want. The gorgonzola burger is a heart attack on a bun, but it is well worth a trip to the emergency room.
After the game, fans will find plenty of places around the Garden to grab a beer and hangout before heading back home of to the hotel.
Greatest Bar
The name says it all. This bar is massive. It even features a 14-foot high-def TV. The bar comprises four floors, two with dance floors.  Greatest Bar is a bar that just so happens to love sports. Beer is relatively cheap, and a variety of music from live bands to top forty DJs is played every night.
Hurricane O’Reilly’s
This popular bar caters to the younger crowd. A popular spot for after-the-game festivities, Hurricane O’Reilly’s features good bar food, a crowded dance floor, stout drinks, and cheap beer. What more could a sports fan ask?
Boston is one of America’s oldest and most Irish of cities. There are several places of interest that the sports fan might want to see before heading to the game. One way to see a lot of what Boston has to offer in a short amount of time is to take one of the guided Freedom Trail walking tours. Most tours will include trips to Quincy Market, Boston Common, North End, the home of Paul Revere, Faneuil Hall, and the USS Constitution.
A trip to see the winners of the 2011 Stanley Cup should be on every hockey fans bucket list. The quality of the play on the ice will be matched by the quality of the venue. It might take a little while to get to the Garden, but once a fan makes it, there is no need to leave the immediate area. There is plenty to do within walking distance, and subways and trains make it easy to get back to the hotel.
For more information on the city of Boston, MA check out my      other review by clicking on the link below:
