Sparse is always a great word to know.
So is quincunx. Does it mean:
So is interrobang. Does it mean:
So is doohickey. Does it mean:
an arrangement of five objects, as trees, in a square or rectangle, one at each corner and one in the middle.
an extraordinary or unusual thing, person, or event; an exceptional example or instance.
a screen or mat covered with a dark material for shielding a camera lens from excess light or glare.
a printed punctuation mark (‽), available only in some typefaces, designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
an arrangement of five objects, as trees, in a square or rectangle, one at each corner and one in the middle.
a gadget; dingus; thingumbob.
LEARN MORE UNUSUAL WORDS WITH WORD DYNAMO...
Example Sentences
True, the text was a bit sparse, but the numerous pop-ups and side panels kept me well entertained.
In certain applications it is useful to be able to estimate the error in the construction of the sparse representation.
One of the better aspects was a slightly more realistic space combat model, but the combat scenes were too sparse.
EXPAND
Adjective
True, the text was a bit sparse, but the numerous pop-ups and side panels kept me well entertained.
In certain applications it is useful to be able to estimate the error in the construction of the sparse representation.
One of the better aspects was a slightly more realistic space combat model, but the combat scenes were too sparse.
The end result is that these sparse networks grow and mature.
With sparse and brackish water it helps to have an efficient way of removing salts and minerals.
These attributes make them durable and dependable even in sparse mountainous terrain.
The fossil record was sparse and many of the skulls lacked distinctiveness.
Although even the official media wanted more details of spending plans, the government-set agenda was strikingly sparse.
The news was sparse on this injury and we'll keep an eye on it tonight.
The vegetation is sparse, and cattle and people dominate.
