Rep:
A million thanks to you guys.
I have made the program I wanted to in SLEPc, and instead of ATLAS, I configured it with Intel's BLAS/LAPACK routines only (they were installed with intel mkl) and the program is about 1.5-2 times quicker than MKL on the same matrices. As I have found out, SLEPc is a tad harder to install and use than ARPACK++ or Intel MKL, but it really is worth it, mainly because of the flexibility it provides (this flexibility is what makes the learning curve a little steep, but it pays off much more in the end).
For someone else facing a similar problem as mine, I strongly suggest SLEPc. Although I dont know how much more efficient, if at all, it can become with ATLAS, it's performance is pretty good with Intel's blas/lapack routines. For eigenvalue problems, it even allows you to choose the method you want to solve the eigenproblem, so that you can experiment with them (other libraries use only one method). This is important, because in my case, for a randomly generated sparse symmetric matrix of the order of 2000's, I found that the default method that SLEPc eigensolver uses  (krylovschur or something like that) was about 2.5 times slower than intel mkl. But when I chose the method to be "lapack", which I assume used the intel's routines, it was consistently beating mkl. Also, if you have some property to your matrix, which is good for one of these methods, you can select that method to solve your problem. (a choice you dont get in other libraries, at least the ones I have used)
If you are a guy new to linux and who learns quickly by seeing like me, there are videos on youtube on how to install PETSc (installation of SLEPc is straightforward).
Here , it is explained how to configure your PETSc installation with intel's blas/lapack routines.
Once more, many thanks to knudfl and ta0kira.
P.S. thanks for the links knudfl, I am rather new to the concept of forums, those will help. By the way, I am using ubuntu linux, 11.04 on a core i7 laptop with 2 Gb ram, 500 Gb HDD. Also, nice ATLAS installation link, I should have checked others before I jumped on the first guide I could find.
 
