Mondriaan for sparse matrix partitioning
Mondriaan partitioner
Mondriaan is a sequential program written in C that can be used to partition a rectangular sparse  matrix, an input vector, and an output vector for parallel sparse matrix-vector multiplication. The program is based on a recursive bipartitioning algorithm that cuts the matrix horizontally and vertically, in a manner resembling some of the famous Mondriaan paintings. The algorithm is multilevel, hypergraph-based, and two-dimensional. It reduces the amount of communication and it spreads both computation and communication evenly over the processors. The program can partition hypergraphs with integer vertex weights and uniform hyperedge costs, but it is primarily intended as a matrix partitioner.
Download
Download the latest version of the Mondriaan software , version 3.11 (tar gzipped), released Dec 15, 2010.
New features of version 3.11 (December 15, 2010)
Version 3.11 contains several improvements compared to version 3.0. These are:
The Extended Matrix-Market (EMM) output format enables the storage of many matrix-like objects in a single file. In the case of Mondriaan, this potentially decreases the number of output files from 5 or more for partitioning a single matrix, to a single file. (By no means is the EMM format tied to Mondriaan: the format can easily and portably be used to share more complex matrix/vector-formulated problems.) Since it remains close to the original Matrix-Market format, existing parsers are envisioned to be adapted with minimal effort.
The hierarchy of the separator blocks is now included in the output, for all permutation strategies, i.e. Separated Block Diagonal (SBD) and (reverse) Bordered Block Diagonal (BBD). This enables building a full binary tree out of the SBD and BBD structures.
Mondriaan can now force symmetric permutations, that is, generate PAP^T for general A. In particular, Mondriaan is now able to retain the symmetry of symmetric input matrices.
The symmetric finegrain splitting strategy. This represents a symmetric sparse matrix A using half the number of vertices and hyperedges, compared to the regular finegrain method. This significantly improves partitioning time for symmetric input matrices, albeit at the cost of some loss in quality, when compared to finegrain.
The Matlab interface now makes more Mondriaan output available to the users. This enables easy direct application,  e.g. to reduce the fill-in in LU-type methods and to accelerate cache-sensitive computations. See also the revised User's guide for Mondriaan's Matlab interface .
New features of version 3.0 (July 27, 2010)
Version 3 contains many improvements compared to version 2. These are:
New algorithms for matrix ordering into Separated Block Diagonal (SBD) form suitable for cache-oblivious sparse matrix-vector multiplication, and also into Bordered Block Diagonal (BBD) form suitable for and sparse LU decomposition.
Better quality of the matrix partitioning, in particular for fine-grain partitioing.
Hypergraph partitioning by the cut-net metrics, as well as the common (lambda-1)-metric.
Matlab (TM) interface. Sparse matrices can be partitioned within the Matlab environment.
PaToH interface. Mondriaan can now also use PaToH as a hypergraph bipartitioner,  instead of its native bipartitioner.
Visualisation of the partitioning process, by the MondriaanPlot and MondriaanMovie programs.
Mondriaan has now been made a separate library which can easily be intergrated into existing applications.
The package has been tested on a variety of operating systems including Linux, Mac OS X, and a variety of architectures, including X86_64, Apple Mac, IBM BlueGene/L, and others.
The User's guide . has been extended and includes a simple example program that shows how to use Mondriaan as a library. There is also a separate User's guide for Mondriaan's Matlab interface
Minor bug-fix version 2.01 (June 9, 2009)
Alexander Gusak from the Belarusian State University, Faculty of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science, found and fixed a few errors:  a memory leak,  an opened file which was not closed, and an an uninitialised string terminator. He also  suggested a few improvements to prevent overflow for huge sparse matrices.  These allowed him to partition matrices of 6 million rows and columns and 400 million nonzeros.
New features of version 2.0 (July 14, 2008)
Version 2 contains many improvements compared to version 1 (released May 10, 2002). These are:
New algorithms for vector partitioning, which often achieve the best communication load balance for the given matrix partitioning.
Much faster partitioning, by a factor of 10; this improvement was  already incorporated in the minor release v1.02 from 2005.
Better quality of the matrix partitioning. On average, communication volume  is reduced by 10%, mainly due to scaling of the inner products of matrix columns in the coarsening phase.
Inclusion of the finegrain partitioning method (proposed by Catalyurek and Aykanat 2001).
Inclusion of a hybrid between the original Mondriaan method and  the finegrain method.
Some new hypergraph partitioning capabilities. Mondriaan 2.0 can handle hypergraphs with arbitrary integer vertex weights, but only with uniform hyperedge costs.
Can also handle non-powers of two for the number of processors.
Full documentation of every function. (Total 96 functions.)
A unit test for every function.
Package has been tested on Linux, Mac OS X, Solaris, and using Valgrind for finding memory leaks.
User's guide.
More liberal license: GNU Lesser General Public License
Related papers
The original Mondriaan algorithm and implementation has been published in "A Two-Dimensional Data Distribution Method for Parallel Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication" , by Brendan Vastenhouw and Rob H. Bisseling, SIAM Review, Vol. 47, No. 1 (2005) pp. 67-95.
The new vector partitioning algorithms and implementations have been published in "Communication balancing in parallel sparse matrix-vector multiplication" ,  by Rob H. Bisseling and Wouter Meesen, Electronic Transactions on Numerical Analysis, Vol. 21 (2005) pp. 47-65, special issue on Combinatorial Scientific Computing.
The new matrix ordering algorithms and implementations have been published in Cache-oblivious sparse matrix-vector multiplication  by using sparse matrix partitioning methods by Albert-Jan N. Yzelman and Rob H. Bisseling, SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing, 31, No. 4 (2009) pp. 3128-3154.
A recent extension to 2D is given in Two-dimensional cache-oblivious sparse matrix-vector multiplication by Albert-Jan N. Yzelman and Rob H. Bisseling, submitted, October 10, 2010.
The hybrid between the original Mondriaan method and  the finegrain method will be published in a forthcoming book chapter "Two-dimensional approaches to sparse matrix partitioning" by Rob Bisseling, Bas Fagginger Auer, Albert-Jan Yzelman, Umit Catalyurek, and  Tristan van Leeuwen.
Extensive background reading on the parallel sparse matrix-vector multiplication problem, including a detailed discussion of the Mondriaan algorithm, can be found in Chapter 4 (pp. 163-250) of
Parallel Scientific Computation: A Structured Approach using BSP and MPI, by Rob H. Bisseling,  Oxford University Press,  March 2004. 324 pages. ISBN 978-0-19-852939-2. OUP home page of the book .
Trailer
Trailer announcing Mondriaan version 2 by Sarai Bisseling (Quicktime movie, 11.6 MB).
Selected related lectures by Rob Bisseling
CECAM Workshop Open Source Software for Microscopic Calculations,  June 19-21, 2002, Lyon, France: Mondriaan,  partitioning software for sparse matrix computations (24 transparancies, 719kB, PDF format, generated using Prosper)
A hybrid 2D method for sparse matrix partitioning by Rob Bisseling, Tristan van Leeuwen, and Umit Catalyurek. Lecture at SIAM Conference on Parallel Processing for Scientific Computing San Francisco, February 22-24, 2006. (29 transparancies, 612kB, PDF format).
Sparse matrix partitioning, ordering, and visualisation by Rob Bisseling, Albert-Jan Yzelman, and Bas Fagginger Auer. Lecture at Parallel Matrix Algorithms and Applications, Basel, Switzerland, June 29 - July 2, 2010.
Copyright
This software is copyrighted (2002, 2008, 2010) by Rob Bisseling, Bas Fagginger Auer, Tristan van Leeuwen, Wouter Meesen, Brendan Vastenhouw, Albert-Jan Yzelman. You can use and modify it under the  GNU Lesser General Public License, see GNU Licenses . Also see the files, README, COPYING, COPYING.LESSER. Anything free, as usual, comes with no guarantee!
Contributions
Besides the authors mentioned in the copyright notice, others have contributed as well:
Umit Catalyurek: interface to finegrain partitioning, PaToH
Ken Stanley: visualisation
Other contributions are welcome!
Test matrices
Most matrices we use in our tests can be obtained from Tim Davis' University of Florida Sparse Matrix Collection .  The term-by-document matrices used in the SIAM Review paper are: tbdmatlab.mtx (430171 nonzeros, 3.2 Mbyte) and tbdlinux.mtx (2157675 nonzeros, 18.9 Mbyte), both in gzip-compressed Matrix Market format. The RSA matrices used in the paper  "Mondriaan sparse matrix partitioning for attacking cryptosystems        by a parallel block Lanczos algorithm - a case study" by Rob H. Bisseling and Ildiko Flesch, Parallel Computing 32 Nr. 7/8 (2006) pp. 551-567, Final preprint (Sept 2006), are: rsa_c82.mtx (16338 rows, 16307 columns, 507716 nonzeros) and rsa_c98.mtx 56274 rows, 56243 columns, 2075889 nonzeros). Note that the paper uses the transposed of the matrices given here. The matrices are courtesy of Richard Brent.
Previous versions
We maintain a list of previous versions, compilation problems, bugs etc.
Last updated December 15, 2010.
