February 13, 2011 at 12:51 am
Write a program to represent sparse integer matrices (that is, most entries are zero) using linked
lists. For an m  n matrix Amn, let A(i; j), where 0  i  m and 0  j  n, denote the entry at
ith row and jth column. Your program should store only non-zero entries of A using linked lists as
described in the following.
Corresponding to each non-zero entry A(i; j), your program should create a record containing
the following seven  elds:
2. j
3. A(i; j) value
4. `Up’ pointer pointing to A(k; j), where k i and A(k; j) 6= 0, which is the next element
in column j. That is, A(l; j) = 0 for all l 2 fi + 1; : : : ; k 􀀀 1g.
6. `Left’ pointer pointing to A(i; k), where k  j and A(i; k) 6= 0, which is the next element in
row j. That is, A(i; l) = 0 for all l 2 fj + 1; : : : ; k 􀀀 1g.
For each input matrix Amn, in addition to its non-zero entries, your program should also store
two pointer arrays R and C of size m and n respectively, where R[i] and C[j] store pointer to the
rst non-zero element in row i and column j respectively.
Matrix input format
To read a matrix A as input, your program should read m and n followed by each row of A.
Consecutive row elements are tab (`nt’) separated.
Matrix operations::
Implement the following  ve operations on matrices stored in the above fashion.
1. Matrix transpose: For a matrix Amn, output AT . Your implementation should not make a
copy of the matrix elements in memory.
2. Matrix addition: For two matrices Amn and Bmn, output A + B.
3. Matrix multiplication: For two matrices Amn and Bnk, output A  B.
4. Row permutation: The input to your program is a matrix Amn and a permutation of its row
numbers given by the ordered sequence fp0; : : : ; pm􀀀1g, where pi denotes the new position of
row i. Your program should output Bmn such that B(pi; j) = A(i; j) for all i 2 f0; : : : ;m􀀀1g
and j 2 f0; : : : ; n 􀀀 1g. Your implementation should not make a copy of the matrix elements
in memory.
5. Column permutation: The input to your program is a matrix Amn and a permutation of
its column numbers given by the ordered sequence fp0; : : : ; pn􀀀1g, where pj denotes the new
position of column j. Your program should output Bmn such that B(i; pj) = A(i; j) for all
i 2 f0; : : : ;m 􀀀 1g and j 2 f0; : : : ; n 􀀀 1g. Your implementation should not make a copy of
the matrix elements in memory.
Ensure that the output of addition and multiplication follows the same representation scheme
where only the non-zero elements are stored in memory.
Output format::
Implement a print method to print a matrix and use the same procedure to print the output
for the above operations. The print method should print the number of rows and columns of the
matrix in separate lines followed by all its elements (including the zeroes) in row-wise manner.
Each row should be printed in a separate line and the row elements should be tab separated. Your
program should not print anything to the output except the output matrix.
