COMPUTER-AIDED CIVIL AND INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING , Issue 6 2002
Hsien Hsieh, Shang
Both general sparse matrix and parallel computing technologies are integrated in this study as a finite element solution of large,scale structural problems in a PC cluster environment.   The general sparse matrix technique is first employed to reduce execution time and storage requirements for solving the simultaneous equilibrium equations in finite element analysis.   To further reduce the time required for large,scale structural analyses, two parallel processing approaches for sharing computational workloads among collaborating processors are then investigated.   One approach adopts a publicly available parallel equation solver, called SPOOLES, to directly solve the sparse finite element equations, while the other employs a parallel substructure method for the finite element solution.   This work focuses more on integrating the general sparse matrix technique and the parallel substructure method for large,scale finite element solutions.   Additionally, numerical studies have been conducted on several large,scale structural analyses using a PC cluster to investigate the effectiveness of the general sparse matrix and parallel computing technologies in reducing time and storage requirements in large,scale finite element structural analyses. [source]
A study into the feasibility of using two parallel sparse direct solvers for the Helmholtz equation on Linux clusters
CONCURRENCY AND COMPUTATION: PRACTICE & EXPERIENCE , Issue 7 2006
G. Z. M. Berglund
Abstract   Two state-of-the-art parallel software packages for the direct solution of sparse linear systems based on LU-decomposition, MUMPS and SuperLU_DIST have been tested as black-box solvers on problems derived from finite difference discretizations of the Helmholtz equation.   The target architecture has been Linux clusters, for which no consistent set of tests of the algorithms implemented in these packages has been published.   The investigation consists of series of memory and time scalability checks and has focused on examining the applicability of the algorithms when processing very large sparse matrices on Linux cluster platforms.   Special emphasis has been put on monitoring the behaviour of the packages when the equation systems need to be solved for multiple right-hand sides, which is the case, for instance, when modelling a seismic survey.   The outcome of the tests points at poor efficiency of the tested algorithms during application of the LU-factors in the solution phase on this type of architecture, where the communication acts as an impasse.   Copyright © 2005 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. [source]
Data structures in Java for matrix computations
CONCURRENCY AND COMPUTATION: PRACTICE & EXPERIENCE , Issue 8 2004
Geir Gundersen
Abstract   In this paper we show how to utilize Java's native arrays for matrix computations.   The disadvantages of Java arrays used as a 2D array for dense matrix computation are discussed and ways to improve the performance are examined.   We show how to create efficient dynamic data structures for sparse matrix computations using Java's native arrays.   This data structure is unique for Java and shown to be more dynamic and efficient than the traditional storage schemes for large sparse matrices.   Numerical testing indicates that this new data structure, called Java Sparse Array, is competitive with the traditional Compressed Row Storage scheme on matrix computation routines.   Java gives increased flexibility without losing efficiency.   Compared with other object-oriented data structures Java Sparse Array is shown to have the same flexibility.   Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. [source]
An accurate gradient and Hessian reconstruction method for cell-centered finite volume discretizations on general unstructured grids
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL FOR NUMERICAL METHODS IN FLUIDS , Issue 9 2010
Lee J. Betchen
Abstract   In this paper, a novel reconstruction of the gradient and Hessian tensors on an arbitrary unstructured grid, developed for implementation in a cell-centered finite volume framework, is presented.   The reconstruction, based on the application of Gauss' theorem, provides a fully second-order accurate estimate of the gradient, along with a first-order estimate of the Hessian tensor.   The reconstruction is implemented through the construction of coefficient matrices for the gradient components and independent components of the Hessian tensor, resulting in a linear system for the gradient and Hessian fields, which may be solved to an arbitrary precision by employing one of the many methods available for the efficient inversion of large sparse matrices.   Numerical experiments are conducted to demonstrate the accuracy, robustness, and computational efficiency of the reconstruction by comparison with other common methods.   Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. [source]
An efficient gridding reconstruction method for multishot non-Cartesian imaging with correction of off-resonance artifacts
MAGNETIC RESONANCE IN MEDICINE , Issue 6 2010
Yuguang Meng
Abstract   An efficient iterative gridding reconstruction method with correction of off-resonance artifacts was developed, which is especially tailored for multiple-shot non-Cartesian imaging.   The novelty of the method lies in that the transformation matrix for gridding (T) was constructed as the convolution of two sparse matrices, among which the former is determined by the sampling interval and the spatial distribution of the off-resonance frequencies and the latter by the sampling trajectory and the target grid in the Cartesian space.   The resulting T matrix is also sparse and can be solved efficiently with the iterative conjugate gradient algorithm.   It was shown that, with the proposed method, the reconstruction speed in multiple-shot non-Cartesian imaging can be improved significantly while retaining high reconstruction fidelity.   More important, the method proposed allows tradeoff between the accuracy and the computation time of reconstruction, making customization of the use of such a method in different applications possible.   The performance of the proposed method was demonstrated by numerical simulation and multiple-shot spiral imaging on rat brain at 4.7 T. Magn Reson Med, 2010. © 2010 Wiley-Liss, Inc. [source]
Sparse matrix element topology with application to AMG(e) and preconditioning,
NUMERICAL LINEAR ALGEBRA WITH APPLICATIONS , Issue 6-7 2002
Panayot S. Vassilevski
Abstract   This paper defines topology relations of elements treated as overlapping lists of nodes.   In particular, the element topology makes use of element faces, element vertices and boundary faces which coincide with the actual (geometrical) faces, vertices and boundary faces in the case of true finite elements.   The element topology is used in an agglomeration algorithm to produce agglomerated elements (a non-overlapping partition of the original elements) and their topology is then constructed, thus allowing for recursion.   The main part of the algorithms is based on operations on Boolean sparse matrices and the implementation of the algorithms can utilize any available (parallel) sparse matrix format.   Applications of the sparse matrix element topology to AMGe (algebraic multigrid for finite element problems), including elementwise constructions of coarse non-linear finite element operators are outlined.   An algorithm to generate a block nested dissection ordering of the nodes for generally unstructured finite element meshes is given as well.   The coarsening of the element topology is illustrated on a number of fine-grid unstructured triangular meshes.   Published in 2002 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. [source]
Integration of General Sparse Matrix and Parallel Computing Technologies for Large,Scale Structural Analysis
COMPUTER-AIDED CIVIL AND INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING , Issue 6 2002
Hsien Hsieh, Shang
Both general sparse matrix and parallel computing technologies are integrated in this study as a finite element solution of large,scale structural problems in a PC cluster environment.   The general sparse matrix technique is first employed to reduce execution time and storage requirements for solving the simultaneous equilibrium equations in finite element analysis.   To further reduce the time required for large,scale structural analyses, two parallel processing approaches for sharing computational workloads among collaborating processors are then investigated.   One approach adopts a publicly available parallel equation solver, called SPOOLES, to directly solve the sparse finite element equations, while the other employs a parallel substructure method for the finite element solution.   This work focuses more on integrating the general sparse matrix technique and the parallel substructure method for large,scale finite element solutions.   Additionally, numerical studies have been conducted on several large,scale structural analyses using a PC cluster to investigate the effectiveness of the general sparse matrix and parallel computing technologies in reducing time and storage requirements in large,scale finite element structural analyses. [source]
A practical determination strategy of optimal threshold parameter for matrix compression in wavelet BEM
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL FOR NUMERICAL METHODS IN ENGINEERING , Issue 2 2003
Kazuhiro Koro
Abstract   A practical strategy is developed to determine the optimal threshold parameter for wavelet-based boundary element (BE) analysis.   The optimal parameter is determined so that the amount of storage (and computational work) is minimized without reducing the accuracy of the BE solution.   In the present study, the Beylkin-type truncation scheme is used in the matrix assembly.   To avoid unnecessary integration concerning the truncated entries of a coefficient matrix, a priori estimation of the matrix entries is introduced and thus the truncated entries are determined twice: before and after matrix assembly.   The optimal threshold parameter is set based on the equilibrium of the truncation and discretization errors.   These errors are estimated in the residual sense.   For Laplace problems the discretization error is, in particular, indicated with the potential's contribution ,c, to the residual norm ,R, used in error estimation for mesh adaptation.   Since the normalized residual norm ,c,/,u, (u: the potential components of BE solution) cannot be computed without main BE analysis, the discretization error is estimated by the approximate expression constructed through subsidiary BE calculation with smaller degree of freedom (DOF).   The matrix compression using the proposed optimal threshold parameter enables us to generate a sparse matrix with O(N1+,) (0,,<1) non-zero entries.   Although the quasi-optimal memory requirements and complexity are not attained, the compression rate of a few per cent can be achieved for N,1000.   Copyright © 2003 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. [source]
Development of 3-D equivalent-circuit modelling with decoupled L-ILU factorization in semiconductor-device simulation
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF NUMERICAL MODELLING: ELECTRONIC NETWORKS, DEVICES AND FIELDS , Issue 3 2007
Szu-Ju Li
Abstract   In this paper, we develop a three-dimensional (3-D) device simulator, which combines a simplified, decoupled Gummel-like method equivalent-circuit model (DM) with levelized incomplete LU (L-ILU) factorization.   These complementary techniques are successfully combined to yield an efficient and robust method for semiconductor-device simulation.   The memory requirements are reduced significantly compared to the conventionally used Newton-like method.   Furthermore, the complex voltage-controlled current source (VCCS) is simplified as a nonlinear resistor.   Hence, the programming and debugging for the nonlinear resistor model is much easier than that for the VCCS model.   Further, we create a connection-table to arrange the scattered non-zero fill-ins in sparse matrix to increase the efficiency of L-ILU factorization.   Low memory requirements may pave the way for the widespread application in 3-D semiconductor-device simulation.   We use the body-tied silicon-on-insulator MOSFET structure to illustrate the capability and the efficiency of the 3-D DM equivalent-circuit model with L-ILU factorization.   Copyright © 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. [source]
Lanczos and the Riemannian SVD in information retrieval applications
NUMERICAL LINEAR ALGEBRA WITH APPLICATIONS , Issue 4 2005
Ricardo D. Fierro
Abstract   Variations of the latent semantic indexing (LSI) method in information retrieval (IR) require the computation of singular subspaces associated with the k dominant singular values of a large m × n sparse matrix A, where k,min(m,n).   The Riemannian SVD was recently generalized to low-rank matrices arising in IR and shown to be an effective approach for formulating an enhanced semantic model that captures the latent term-document structure of the data.   However, in terms of storage and computation requirements, its implementation can be much improved for large-scale applications.   We discuss an efficient and reliable algorithm, called SPK-RSVD-LSI, as an alternative approach for deriving the enhanced semantic model.   The algorithm combines the generalized Riemannian SVD and the Lanczos method with full reorthogonalization and explicit restart strategies.   We demonstrate that our approach performs as well as the original low-rank Riemannian SVD method by comparing their retrieval performance on a well-known benchmark document collection.   Copyright 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. [source]
