Technical Paper Search
Optimizing Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication on GPUs
We are witnessing the emergence of Graphics Processor units (GPUs) as powerful massively parallel systems. Furthermore, the introduction of new APIs for general-purpose computations on GPUs, namely CUDA from NVIDIA, Stream SDK from AMD, and OpenCL, makes GPUs an attractive choice for high-performance numerical and scientific computing. Sparse Matrix-Vector multiplication (SpMV) is one of the most important and heavily used kernels in scientific computing. However with indirect and irregular memory accesses resulting in more memory accesses per floating point operation, optimization of SpMV kernel is a significant challenge in any architecture.
In this paper, we evaluate the various challenges in developing a high-performance SpMV kernel on NVIDIA GPUs using the CUDA programming model and propose a framework that employs both compile-time and run-time optimizations. The compile-time optimizations include: (1) exploiting synchronization-free parallelism, (2) optimized thread mapping based on the affinity towards optimal memory access pattern, (3) optimized off-chip memory access to tolerate the high latency, and (4) exploiting data reuse. The runtime optimizations involve a runtime inspection of the sparse matrix to determine dense non-zero sub-blocks, which facilitate the reuse of input vector elements while execution. We propose a new blocked storage format for storing and accessing elements of a sparse matrix in an optimized manner from the GPU memories.  We evaluate our optimizations over two classes of NVIDIA GPU chips, namely, GeForce 8800 GTX and GeForce GTX 280, and we compare the performance of our approach with that of existing parallel SpMV implementations such as the one from NVIDIA’s CUDPP library and the one implemented using optimal segmented scan primitive. Our approach outperforms the other existing implementations by a factor of 2 to 4. Using our framework, we achieve a peak SpMV performance that is 70% of the performance observed for SpMV computations using dense matrices stored in sparse format.
Updated version posted 4/2/2009
By: Muthu Manikandan Baskaran; Rajesh Bordawekar
Published in: RC24704 in 2008
LIMITED DISTRIBUTION NOTICE:
This Research Report is available. This report has been submitted for publication outside of IBM and will probably be copyrighted if accepted for publication.  It has been issued as a Research Report for early dissemination of its contents.  In view of the transfer of copyright to the outside publisher, its distribution outside of IBM prior to publication should be limited to peer communications and specific requests.  After outside publication, requests should be filled only by reprints or legally obtained copies of the article (e.g., payment of royalties).  I have read and understand this notice and am a member of the scientific community outside or inside of IBM seeking a single copy only.
Questions about this service can be mailed to reports@us.ibm.com .
Connect with us
