Trouble Man: The Life and Death of Marvin Gaye
By: Steve Turner.
Marvin Gaye was a twentieth-century icon, one of our greatest pop singers.He made his name with the Motown sound of the sixties, but went on to become a musical revolutionary with the release of What's Going On -- an album that tuoched on war, ecology, racism, violence, and poverty.  It perfactly capured the spirit of the times and changed people's perceptions of what soul music could achieve.
Behind the songs, however, Gaye's was a troubled life: drug dependency, tortured personal relationships, and ongoing financal and legal difficulties led inexorably to the final fatel meeting with his father.  Since his tragic death, his stature has increased rather than diminished.  His musical legacy has endured that his popularity and influnce will endure and continue to win new generations of fans.
Trouble Man, based on exhausive and exclusive new research, is the definitive story of the turbulent life and violent death of an American icon.  Steve Turner probes beyond the undying magic of songs  like"I Heard It Through the Grapevine," "What's Going On," and "Sexual Healing" to trace the jagged contours of Gaye's life and examine the man behind the legend.  Turner's detailed exploration of Gaye's childhood and his relationship with his family, his religious upbringing, and his meteoric professional success and ultimate descent into drug abuse and financial instability offers a new look at a beloved American musician.
Book Title: Trouble Man: The Life and Death of Marvin Gaye . Author: Steve Turner. Publisher: Ecco. Published: 2000-10-01. ASIN: 0060198214. ISBN: 0060198214. EAN: 9780060198213. Binding: Hardcover. Price: $24.00
Divided Soul: The Life Of Marvin Gaye
By: David Ritz.
Drawing from interviews conducted before Marvin Gaye's death, acclaimed music writer David Ritz has created a full-scale portrait of the brilliant but tormented artist. With a cast of characters that includes Diana Ross, Berry Gordy, Smokey Robinson, and Stevie Wonder, this intimate biography is a definitive and enduring look at the man who embodied the very essence of the word soul.
Book Title: Divided Soul: The Life Of Marvin Gaye . Author: David Ritz. Publisher: Da Capo Press. Published: 2003-05. ASIN: 030681191X. ISBN: 030681191X. EAN: 9780306811913. Binding: Paperback. Price: $17.50
Death by Rock 'n' Roll (Crimescape)
By: David J. Krajicek.
Marvin Gaye, one of the world’s most beloved singers, was gunned down by his own father on April 1, 1984. A generation later, fans of the fragile, troubled musician still puzzle over how it could be that a man who crooned about peace, love and understanding would meet such a violent end—from his own flesh and blood. But why should we be surprised? The history of popular music is written in blood.
Using Marvin Gaye’s slaying as an abject example of the rock and roll lifestyle, this story pulls together the threads of the violent ends of music stars like John Lennon, Sam Cooke, Tupac Shakur, soul saxophone legend King Curtis, and many others. Between the overdoses and suicides of its often fragile stars,like the tragic case of Amy Winehouse, rock and roll seems to qualify as one of America’s most dangerous professions. Experts weigh in on whether there are patterns to the violence in rock and roll—and whether warning signs were missed in some cases that might have spared lives.
David J. Krajicek is a longtime newspaperman, an author and a former Columbia University journalism professor. He is regarded as one of the country’s best true crime storytellers. He writes The Justice Story, a weekly true crime feature that has been running in the New York Daily News since 1923. He was a special correspondent for truTV’s Crime Library and has appeared frequently on television as a crime expert, including on “The Today Show” and Dominick Dunne’s “Power, Privilege and Justice.” He has written several true crime books and his work has appeared in dozens of major publications.
Crimescape is a RosettaBooks collection of compelling short nonfiction crime books by the best true crime authors in the business, many of whom have seen their books made into major motion pictures. Taking readers into the dark heart of the criminal mind and the tense hunt to bring perpetrators to justice, Crimescape authors stand apart from other true crime writers because they are selected for their experience in crime investigation, whether as police detectives, investigative reporters, forensics professionals or criminal psychologists. Riveting storytellers, our Crimescape short nonfiction writers give readers all the information they need to understand relevant clues and the interwoven influences in each criminal case. Crimescape is edited by Marilyn Bardsley, former executive editor and founder of Time Warner's truTV Crime Library, the premiere true crime site on the Internet. Marilyn Bardsley has written extensively on true crime and is an expert on serial killers.
“What makes for a good true-crime story? Interesting characters, an engrossing plot, situations that often teeter between life and death. But here’s the MacGuffin about true crime: What you’re reading actually happened. Sometimes truth really is more compelling than fiction. And that’s why you will enjoy reading Crimescape’s true crime series.”
—Paul Alexander, # 1 bestselling author of the Kindle Singles Accused and Murdered
Book Title: Death by Rock 'n' Roll (Crimescape) . Author: David J. Krajicek. Publisher: RosettaBooks. Published: 2011-07-19. ASIN: B005DN1RUQ. Binding: Kindle Edition. Price: $2.99
TROUBLE MAN: LIFE AND DEATH OF MARVIN GAYE
By: STEVE TURNER.
Book Title: TROUBLE MAN: LIFE AND DEATH OF MARVIN GAYE . Author: STEVE TURNER. Publisher: MICHAEL JOSEPH. Published: 1998. ASIN: 0718141121. ISBN: 0718141121. EAN: 9780718141127. Binding: Paperback
Marvin Gaye: I Heard It Through the Grapevine
By: Sharon Davis.
When Marvin Gaye was shot and killed by his own father in 1984, the world lost one of its greatest singers. Although his fans were stunned, the singer's friends, knowing the violence that cocaine had created in Gaye, weren't surprised that the killer was found to have acted in self-defense. In intriguing detail, Sharon Davis charts Gaye's extraordinary, often turbulent career, including his tempestuous relationship with the record company Tamla Motown and its legendary head Berry Gordy. She follows Gaye's struggle for artistic independence and details his successes with singles like Can I Get a Witness? and I Heard It Through the Grapevine and the epoch-making album 'What's Going On? Sharon Davis is considered a leading authority on Motown history. She is the author of Motown: The History and Stevie Wonder: Rhythms of Wonder.
Book Title: Marvin Gaye: I Heard It Through the Grapevine . Author: Sharon Davis. Publisher: Mainstream Publishing. Published: 2003-08-01. ASIN: 1840183209. ISBN: 1840183209. EAN: 9781840183207. Binding: Paperback. Price: $18.00
Trouble Man The Life and Death of Marvin Gaye - 2000 publication.
By: Stv Turnr.
Marvin Gaye, My Brother (Book)
By: Frankie Gaye.
Marvin Gaye's life and brilliant career were cut tragically short on April 1, 1984 - one day before his 45th birthday - when he was shot and killed by his own father. Now, for the first time ever, Marvin Gaye's story is told in intimate detail by a member of his own family. Frankie and Marvin Gaye were close from childhood until Marvin's death. Frankie was at Marvin's side when he died, and only Frankie heard his deathbed confession. Full of never-before-told personal anecdotes, this book takes you behind the scenes from Marvin's childhood, through his spectacular success at Motown and then Columbia, his stormy relationships with women, and finally to his descent into drugs and despair. The true story of the man behind the beloved music is now available to fans old and new. Includes great photos throughout, a helpful index, and a timeline of important events in Marvin's life.
Book Title: Marvin Gaye, My Brother (Book) . Author: Frankie Gaye. Publisher: Backbeat Books. Published: 2003-04. ASIN: 0879307420. ISBN: 0879307420. EAN: 9780879307424. Binding: Hardcover. Price: $24.95
United in Death by Assassination by a Family Member: Marvin Gaye and Phil Hartman
By: Dakota Stevens.
United in Death is a series that showcase celebrities who may not have crossed paths when they were alive but unfortunately met a similar death. This book discusses the deaths of Marvin Gaye and Phil Hartman. Gaye was shot and killed by his father while Hartman was killed by his wife (who shot herself as well). Rediscover the career of these two talents and their final days.
This book was created and put into distribution by a team of dedicated editors using open source and proprietary publishing tools. One of the advantages to the way we publish books is that our content is up to date and written by dedicated subject matter experts from all over the world. By adding a layer of screening and curatorial attention to this material, we are able to offer a book that is relevant, informative and unique.
No Sympathy for the Devil: Christian Pop Music and the Transformation of American Evangelicalism
By: David W. Stowe.
In this cultural history of evangelical Christianity and popular music, David Stowe demonstrates how mainstream rock of the 1960s and 1970s has influenced conservative evangelical Christianity through the development of Christian pop music. For an earlier generation, the idea of combining conservative Christianity with rock--and its connotations of nonreligious, if not antireligious, attitudes--may have seemed impossible. Today, however, Christian rock and pop comprises the music of worship for millions of Christians in the United States, with recordings outselling classical, jazz, and New Age music combined.
Shining a light on many of the artists and businesspeople key to the development of Christian rock, Stowe shows how evangelicals adapted rock and pop in ways that have significantly affected their religion's identity and practices. The chart-topping, spiritually inflected music created a space in popular culture for talk of Jesus, God, and Christianity, thus lessening for baby boomers and their children the stigma associated with religion while helping to fill churches and create new modes of worship. Stowe argues that, in the four decades since the Rolling Stones first unleashed their hit song, "Sympathy for the Devil," the increasing acceptance of Christian pop music by evangelicals ultimately has reinforced a variety of conservative cultural, economic, theological, and political messages.
Deaths by firearm in California: Camilla Hall, Phil Hartman, The Notorious B.I.G., Myrna Opsahl, Merlin Santana, Marvin Gaye, Bugsy Siegel
By: Source: Wikipedia.
Please note that the content of this book primarily consists of articles available from Wikipedia or other free sources online. Pages: 121. Chapters: Camilla Hall, Phil Hartman, The Notorious B.I.G., Myrna Opsahl, Merlin Santana, Marvin Gaye, Bugsy Siegel, Mal Evans, Sam Cooke, Lana Clarkson, Harvey Milk, Robert F. Kennedy, Sergei Kourdakov, Murder of Gary Matson and Winfield Mowder, William Desmond Taylor, North Hollywood shootout, Huey P. Newton, Chauncey Bailey, George Jackson, George Moscone, 2004 Jenner, California double-murder, Carl Switzer, Haing S. Ngor, Dolla, San Ysidro McDonald's massacre, Jon-Erik Hexum, Rebecca Schaeffer, Russ Columbo, Ronni Chasen, Raymond Washington, Los Angeles Jewish Community Center shooting, David C. Broderick, Justin Levens, Murder of Nicholas Markowitz, Shawn Nelson, Terry Kath, Judith Barsi, Dorothy Stratten, Bonnie Lee Bakley, Michael Cho, 101 California Street shootings, Marcus Foster, Latasha Harlins, Kevin Gaines, Mickey Thompson, Harry Love, Manuel Benitez, Jay Sebring, Orlando Anderson, Steven Parent, David S. Terry, Barbara Colby, Ennis Cosby, Donald P. Scott, Francis Boggs, Demetrius DuBose, Thomas R. Limerick, Nancy Ling Perry, Lindhurst High School shooting, Cesar Rene Arce, Bobby Hutton, Don Myrick, Joe Cole, Little Pete, Yetunde Price, Jenny Maxwell, Ozell Jones, Dave Laut, Corine Christensen, Dedrick D. Gobert, William Maurice Davis, Terrell Rogers, Alex Gong, T. D. Crittenden, Nat Ross, Joseph Bowers, Edward Gilbert, Yale Gracey. Excerpt: Harvey Bernard Milk (May 22, 1930 - November 27, 1978) was an American politician who became the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California, when he won a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. Politics and gay activism were not his early interests; he was not open about his homosexuality and did not participate in civic matters until around the age of 40, after his experiences in the counterculture of the 1960s. Milk moved from New York City ...
Book Title: Deaths by firearm in California: Camilla Hall, Phil Hartman, The Notorious B.I.G., Myrna Opsahl, Merlin Santana, Marvin Gaye, Bugsy Siegel . Author: Source: Wikipedia. Publisher: Books LLC, Wiki Series. Published: 2011-07-07. ASIN: 1157714285. ISBN: 1157714285. EAN: 9781157714286. Binding: Paperback. Price: $21.24
YouTube Videos
