3rd Water sign - 4th Mutable sign - Feminine
In analogy with Neptune her ruler with Jupiter, and the 12th House
Pisces governs the feet and the blood circulation.
Her colour is green or purple or turquoise blue, her stone is the amethyst, her day is Thursday, her professions are seamanship and and faraway travels, musician, social and emergency worker, doctor, writer and jobs in remote places...
If your sign is Pisces or your Ascendant is Pisces: you are emotional, sensitive, dedicated, adaptable, nice, wild, compassionate, romantic, imaginative, flexible, opportunist, intuitive, impossible to categorized, irrational, seductive, placid, secretive, introverted, pleasant, artistic, and charming. But you may also be indecisive, moody, confused, wavering, lazy, scatterbrained, vulnerable, unpredictable and gullible.
Some traditional associations with Pisces: Countries: Portugal, Scandinavia, small Mediterranean islands, Gobi desert, Sahara. Cities: Jerusalem, Warsaw, Alexandria, Seville, Santiago de Compostela. Animals: fishes, aquatic mammals and all animals living in the water. Food: melons, cucumbers, lettuces, vegemite sugar, pumpkins. Herbs and aromatics: lemon, chicory, limes, mosses. Flowers and plants: water lilies, willows, aquatic plants. Trees: fig-trees, willows, aquatic trees. Stones, Metals and Salts: heliotropes, moonstone, platinum, tin, iron phosphate and potassium sulphate.
Sun 12°04' Aries, in House X
Sun Aspects
Sun conjunction Mercury orb +1°07'
Sun conjunction Saturn orb +7°48'
Sun square Mars orb +5°15'
Planets: Sun
The Sun represents vitality, individuality, will-power and creative energy and honours. For a woman, it also represents her father, and later her husband. The Sun is one of  the most important symbols in the birth chart, as much as the Ascendant, then the Moon (a bit less for a man), the ruler of the Ascendant and the fast-moving planets.
It's element is fire; it is hot and dry, it governs Leo, is in exaltation in Aries and is in analogy with the heart. It represents the boss, authority, beside the father and the husband ; the age of the Sun goes from 20 years old to about 40, following the Venus age when one is aware of his seductive power.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary, passionate type.
Interpretation of the 12° Aries symbolic degree
"On top of a mountain set ablaze with the sunset beams, a man wearing a long cloak holds a staff in his right hand and a crown in the other."
After a host of sufferings, sorrows, and hard work, one reaches a prestigious position and receives many honours towards the end of one's life. One may also accede to a prominent government office. The sunset heralds a belated success, the fulfilment of which has been the secret drive prompting to relentlessly pursue, a whole life through, the route towards recognition, love, wealth, and fame. April is usually the most auspicious month.
Sun in Aries
Your entourage is amazed by your energy, your courage and your boldness. Your reactions are quick, even instantaneous. Your enthusiasm prompts you to follow your natural impulses, even though you are not aware of all the consequences of your actions. Above all, you want to live each moment intensely, without fearing the future. Your enterprising spirit is supported by an acute sense of confrontation. Present! This is Aries answering the call. Any call, provided that there is some degree of new-ness or some challenge. If Aries’ dynamism and enterprising spirit are underlined, it is because the sign is more inclined to commit itself in the present and to start from scratch. This ability to take action on the spot in response to any stimulation also applies to the area of your relationships: you say outloud what you deem necessary to say, even if it means foolishly upsetting several persons. It is black or white, yes or no… often without balance! Beginning and undertaking are situations where you feel that you are in your element. Your qualities can also be expressed when you are bogged down in inextricable and complicated relationships: you know how to simplify things but you should beware not to do so in a caricatured manner.
Sun in House X
With the Sun in the 10th House, you pay high attention to your social image, you try to have your capacities acknowledged, and you want to arouse respect and admiration. In a word, you want to find your place in the sun. It is not that easy... Whereas successes increase your enthusiasm and your efficiency tenfold, failures may get you disheartened. Therefore, it is preferable to make your task easier, and to reinforce your self-confidence which may be weak. Your fulfilment depends on your social success, and on getting other people's recognition.
Sun Dominant
If the Sun is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Solarian: you loathe pettiness and Machiavellian manoeuvre, and you are fond of natural nobleness as well as of direct and honest attitudes. You endeavour to get out of muddled or dark situations as quickly as possible. Your need for transparency may lead you to make cut-and-dried judgments such as yes or no, and black or white. However, your honesty commands your entourage's consideration. At times, you come across as authoritarian. It is true that you never want to be thought of the notable absentee, and that you manage to make people pay attention to you, as well as to your plans and your assessments. To this end, the Solarian sometimes develops a great talent for placing himself under the spotlight without missing a single opportunity to arouse interest. Some other Solarians, although more discreet, still manage to be the focus of any debate, even in situations of exclusion. It is your way of being present even though you are actually not there... More than other people, you appreciate the esteem extended to you. It is useless to cheat with you, since in all areas you consider establishing enduring relationships only with those who love you, admire you, respect you, or express some degree of affection to you. Your will to straighten out your inter-personal relationships is your strength and sometimes, your Achilles' heel. You cannot achieve anything behind the scenes. Therefore, your comportment is marked with heroism, and your stands are devoid of ambiguity, in the sense that your commitments are unfailing, and your rebuffs, final.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Moon 22°12' Virgo, in House III
Moon Aspects
Moon opposite Jupiter orb -0°39'
Moon conjunction Neptune orb +0°47'
Moon trine Uranus orb +6°24'
Moon inconjunction Saturn orb +2°20'
Planets: Moon
The Moon represents instinctive reaction, unconscious predestination, everyday mood, sensitivity, emotions, the feminine side of the personality, intuition, imagination. For a man, she represents his mother and later his wife, and his relationship with women in general. For a woman, the Moon is almost as important as the Sun and the Ascendant. Her element is water, she is cold and moist, she rules Cancer, is in exaltation in Taurus and is in analogy with the stomach.
She symbolizes the mother, wife, the crowd, the Moon is associated with birth and childhood. Tradition also matches her with the end of life, after Saturn the old age, it is thus customary to go back to one's place of birth to die: the end of life meets the very beginning.
Temperament : Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, non Active and Primary, Nervous or Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 22° Virgo symbolic degree
"A beautiful ship in full sail glides through the sea."
Adventurous, carefree, and humble character. One is always in quest for new experiences and new sensations full of romanticism and dangers. Because of one's marriage, one may have to travel to foreign countries. Success can be achieved in the arts, in literature, or in the representation of one's country abroad, especially if in the natal chart, several natal planets are posited in mutable signs. If Saturn is prominent, protections granted by powerful figures do not produce all the expected outcomes, and public recognition comes late. Furthermore, one is not the pushy type and prefers to have one's talents revealed by others. According to Manilius, a poet and astrologer of the 1st century of the Christian era, this degree describes beauty, great eloquence, witty repartees, artistic gifts, and outstanding authors and teachers.
Moon in Virgo
On the day and at the time of your birth, the Moon was in the sign of Virgo. You have a strong need for security and your constant concern is to keep your intimate environment under control. You treasure and you protect all the things that make you feel comfortable. You have no exaggerated ambitions, no grandiose and boundless dreams. You only strive to organize all the elements of your everyday life, to find a place for each thing and to improve yourself. You can relax only if your habits are not disturbed by external events. You are selective in your intimate sphere and with your attachments, you are perfectly organized and in line with the self-set rules you establish as time goes by. For you, life is a puzzle composed of human pieces, a chessboard where you move according to an obvious logic. Daily landmarks and well-known items are important to you. You have the soul of a collector.
Moon in House III
The Moon is in the 3rd House. Your natural well-being mainly depends on the quality of your inter-personal life. You draw great satisfaction from your contacts with other people, and you have the feeling that you are your true self only when you are within a protective environment. You then let yourself drift into a moment of shared intimacy. Communication is the indispensable cement of your personal balance. Therefore, in spite of your high standards for human relationships, you come across as a sociable person, avid for encounters and information. Your close friends constitute your second family. Without them, there can be no real tranquillity, no relaxation, and no satisfying rest.
Moon Dominant
If the Moon is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Lunarian: the driving force behind your actions is mainly the pursuit of well-being and tranquillity. Your sensitive and romantic self lives on those periods of rest during which you let your imagination wander at will. This is your way of finding inspiration and balance. Nothing is allowed to disturb your feeling of fulfilment and security within a harmonious cell, be it a family or a clan. More than other people, the Lunarian is attached to those moments during which one forgets one's worries and lets oneself cast adrift aimlessly, with no other goal than to be lulled into an ambiance, a situation, or a perfect moment. Many people do not understand such absences and their meaning, which is to regain strength. These people readily describe you with such unflattering terms as apathy and nonchalance. Never mind! Some inspirations require surrendering as well as striking a balance derived from alternate action and passivity. Your qualities are expressed to the fullest in situations which demand familiarity and privacy. Your capacities to respect and blend into your environment is at least as valuable as some other people's aggressive dispositions. However, you are well-advised to avoid indolence and renunciation out of laziness or indifference.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mercury 13°11' Я Aries, in House X
Mercury Aspects
Sun conjunction Mercury orb +1°07'
Mercury conjunction Saturn orb +6°40'
Mercury square Mars orb +6°23'
Planets: Mercury
Mercury represents communication, logical and rational mind, intellectual skills. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Virgo and Gemini, is in exaltation in Virgo and is in analogy with the arms, hands, nervous system.
It represents tradesmen, lawyers, messengers; the age of Mercury goes from 8 or10 years old to about 15..
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, Active and Primary, Nervous or Sanguine type.
Interpretation of the 13° ; Aries symbolic degree
"A strong and prosperous man comes out of a cellar and raises a glass full of wine as for a toast. In front of him, a lion and a dog exchange friendly looks."
Refined, faithful, and generous character fully aware of one's worth. One is unanimously respected and stands on an equal footing with the powerful figures who grant their protection and trust. Success can be achieved in agriculture, especially wine growing, the art of cooking, the military, or the judiciary. Noble deeds are highly rewarded and attract numerous loyal friends.
Mercury in Aries
Mercury describes your relations, your communication skills and the way you relate to the external world. However, other astrological elements also influence these areas. The sign Mercury occupies is significant only if Mercury is part of your planetary dominantes. In your chart, Mercury is in Aries. You respond very quickly to the stimulations of your environment. Your mind is constantly on the lookout, searching for new information. Communication is a matter of spontaneity and emotions experienced day-to-day. You always have a quick retort, you are fond of debates and you are avid for novelties. The danger is that you may get carried away by an impulsiveness detrimental to your relationships. Beware of bad language!
Mercury in House X
With Mercury in the 10th House, your social role includes communication and human relations. The ideal professional activity for you is in jobs involving meetings, dialogues, exchanges, and trade. According to the Tradition, Mercury symbolises mobility and adaptation. The key to your fulfilment is probably your capacity for communication. It is a valuable asset nowadays... The Tradition also mentions a gift for business.
Mercury Dominant
If Mercury is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Mercurian: the tradition points out the importance of communication. From idle but enriching chatters to observation gift, such a dominant endows you with a wide range of expression. Human beings have one thousand facets and one thousand masks they wear according to circumstances and the fortunes of the game of life. You take the role of an observer who is avid for novelties, discoveries, and surprises. Everything catches your attention and becomes an opportunity for new encounters, relationships, and learning. The world amazes you, amuses you sometimes, and stimulates your curiosity. Because the most important thing is to discover, and because you consider that each new situation is packed with potentialities, you try to fill the gaps in your knowledge. Although your open-mindedness may scatter your centres of interest, it also enables you to carefully avoid sticking to only one immutable and rigid view. The slightest sign enables you to perceive the other side of the coin, as well as the infinite complexity of people and of situations. On the human plane, you seek the dialogue and the information without which you know that you are not able to fully grasp the nature of your interlocutor. This keen interest in the Unknown sharpens your inter-relational skills. All these qualities are traditionally associated with Mercury.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Venus 2°46' Pisces, in House VIII
Venus Aspects
Venus sextile Mars orb -4°01'
Venus quintile Uranus orb +1°01'
Planets: Venus
Venus represents the way one loves, relationships, sharing, affectivity, seductive ability. For men, she also corresponds to the kind of woman he's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is more symbolized by the Moon, Venus is the lover and not the wife). Her element is the Air, she is moist, rules Taurus and Libra, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the kidneys, the venous system, the bladder, the neck.
She represents the artists, tradesmen, occupations linked to beauty and charm; the age of Venus goes from 15 to about 25 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine and Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type.
Interpretation of the 2° Pisces symbolic degree
"On the front steps of a mansion, a man wearing a ceremonial costume welcomes three wealthy people, a simply dressed woman, and a beggar."
Generous, sensitive, and secretive character. One pays more attention to human qualities than to social status and treats the poor and the rich on an equal footing. Regardless of their personal situation, everybody, well-off people and people in need alike, know that they are welcome and that when necessary, they will find solace and all forms of assistance. If born in a wealthy family, one meaningfully takes advantage of one's legacy. If the origins are modest, this degree promises that, sooner or later, one will become very famous and rich. If in the natal chart, the Ascendant is on this degree, it heralds fame and the possibility that one's name goes down in history. If it is in conjunction with the Midheaven or with important planets, within a 5° orb, it brings about great honours and dignities.
Venus in Pisces
Venus describes your affective life. On the day of your birth, she is found in Pisces. Your emotionalism is very strong and very unusual. You have your own manner to experience your emotions and your sensations, in an atmosphere that may be odd, you complicate your amorous life… and this is part of your charm, at the same time. On the chessboard of your sentimental life, quite strange games enfold. Your affectivity is subtle, fabulous and unusual: love reinvents everything and anything becomes possible when your heart is sincere. You dream of a complete fusion and of giving yourself totally. No rules, no moral or social code is more important than the feeling of shared passion and than living for your partner. Your affective life is complex, sometimes mysterious: you don’t know why you love, or why you don’t love any more… Your sentimental life obeys a different logic than that of the external world. Love is elusive and fragile. Nothing is easier than to destroy a feeling and to forget a passion. Your sensitivity responds to an unknown call, a strange signal. Therefore, you may shift from intense and absolute feelings to cruel indifference. Although you don’t know why, you are being transformed. The most difficult thing is to love a real being and not a shadow. You give yourself to persons who can understand and respect the fragile realm of your affectivity.
Venus in House VIII
Venus expresses her characteristics through the 8th House values. You leave to other people peaceful love stories, and smooth adventures devoid of passion and tears. Your affectivity is well-adapted to crises, thrills, wounds, and healings. It is probable that, more or less consciously, you create some degree of tension within your couple's life. Love grows on contrasts, transformations, and self-questionings. Your ideal? To die out of love! Your sexual drive is powerful and demanding.
Venus Dominant
If Venus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Venusian: you are a sensual and emotional person particularly receptive to the natural likes and dislikes aroused by your contact with people. You are prone to frequent instinctive aversions and true passions which are exclusively driven by the feeling of love. The heart has its reasons which Reason knows nothing of... Your balance is based on the richness of your affective life. Without love, the Venusian is resourceless, lost, and deprived of any reason for living. You have an obvious and strong will to charm and to arouse the attachments without which you cannot properly function. Every area of your life is thus marked by your affectivity. The danger is that you may "be taken in" by charm. In such cases, you would prefer to keep your emotions under better control. Thus, hyper-sensitivity has its own inconveniences. Nevertheless, better than anyone else, you know how to play with feelings and attractions. Although you are sometimes caught in the traps of an over sensitive emotionalism, feelings remain your best assets in many circumstances. There is another aspect to the Venusian dominant. According to the Tradition, this planet rules the Arts, and you are endowed with some degree of artistic dispositions, ranging from good to excellent.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mars 6°48' Capricorn, in House VI
Mars Aspects
Sun square Mars orb +5°15'
Venus sextile Mars orb -4°01'
Mercury square Mars orb +6°23'
Planets: Mars
Mars represents the desire for action and physical energy, sexuality, strength. For a woman, Mars corresponds to the kind of man she's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is rather symbolized by the Sun, Mars is the lover, not the husband). Fire is its element, it is hot and dry, and it rules Aries and Scorpio (along with Pluto), is in exaltation with Capricorn and is in analogy with the muscles and the spleen.
It represents the soldiers, sportsmen, warriors, surgeons, blacksmiths... ; the age of Mars goes from 42 to 50 years old.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type. It is a Choleric.
Interpretation of the 6° Capricorn symbolic degree
"In a dimly lit room, two men and a woman gathered around a table examine statuettes pierced with needles."
Ambitious, possessive, and spiteful character. Life is plagued by all sorts of rivalries, from school to university, and later, in the workplace. Hatred and revenge are the powerful goads which prompt to resort to extreme and reprehensible means to get what one covets, be it a love partner or a prestigious position. One would be well-advised to display more moderation and to pay more respect to other people's interests because evil deeds only bring about misfortune and loneliness.
Mars in Capricorn
The planet Mars indicates how you react to life concrete stimulations. It also describes your fighting spirit, your abilities to stand for yourself and to take action. With Mars in Capricorn, your fortitude is quite exceptional. You strive to control your passions and your instincts and to keep a cool-head under all circumstances. This is probably the reason of your strength. You show firmness with others and with yourself. In the course of an action, you are able to make sustainable, strong and well-structured efforts. You may be criticized for your lack of adaptability. Your first reaction is to immutably remain your true self. This propensity to stability, although it may slow down your initiatives, is very valuable, in many circumstances: your reactions are in line with your own values and you are not destabilized by prevailing trends and fleeting fashions… and by advice given to you!
Mars in House VI
With Mars in the 6th House, your social life is a duel. You do not find your social place naturally. You feel that you have to gain it and to deserve it. Therefore, you display a great fighting spirit in the professional area, and you increase the number of strong actions, trials of strength, and at times, confrontations. The ardour and the energy you expend in your field of action constitute your personal signature and your manner. The role of a fighter fits you perfectly well.
Mars Dominant
If Mars is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Marsian: in your hand-to-hand struggle for life, you demonstrate an acute and active sense of confrontation with the world, with other people, and with your own destiny. You need to take action and to fight for your projects and your desires. You perceive all situations with deep intensity, and you react to the here and now without bothering to step back in order to ensure that events are under your control. You take up challenges with excessive foolhardiness as a consequence of your impulsiveness. However, better than anyone else, you know how to mobilise your resources in case of crisis. You take action whenever it is necessary to do so, and you are present in a timely manner. With Mars, your attitudes are dictated by the realities of the moment, by your emotions, and by everything which proved to have worked in the past. When this dominant is not well integrated, it may bring about an aggressive or impulsive behaviour. Therefore, you must learn to control your hyper-sensitivity and your fits of temper. You are also endowed with Marsian qualities: the fighting spirit and the taste for duel without which one may find oneself overwhelmed by events. When this willpower is well channelled, its precious energy enables to cope with all sorts of contingencies. There are a thousand ways to win, and a thousand challenges to take up with the enthusiasm and the dynamism which make life so worthy. A certain idea of life which is wild, passionate, and in tune with events.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Jupiter 21°33' Pisces, in House IX
Jupiter Aspects
Moon opposite Jupiter orb -0°39'
Jupiter opposite Neptune orb -0°07'
Jupiter trine Pluto orb +7°42'
Jupiter sextile Uranus orb -5°44'
Planets: Jupiter
Jupiter represents expansion and power, benevolence, large vision and generosity. Its element is Air, it is hot and moist, and it rules Sagittarius and Pisces (along with Neptune), is in exaltation with Cancer and is in analogy with the hips and endocrinal system.
It represents the governors, magistrates, professors, religious men too; the age of Jupiter goes from 50 to 55 or even 70 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is an extrovert Choleric. Actually the humid version of Mars, inclined to action like him.
Interpretation of the 21° Pisces symbolic degree
"In a lavishly furnished room, a beautiful and scantily dressed woman bends over a sofa on which a man is lying asleep."
Depraved, sensual, and greedy character. Worldly assets are perishable goods. If one is only pursuing a life of pleasures and insouciance, one ends up finding that physical beauty is ephemeral, and that opulence can melt as fast as ice in the sun. Money and love affairs lead to debauchery and ruin. One must keep base instincts tightly reined in and absolutely avoid getting involved in activities linked to espionage, prostitution or procuring, and illegal drugs trade. This degree is dangerous for males and females alike.
Jupiter in Pisces
The planet Jupiter symbolizes expansion, broadness and generosity. Jupiter is associated with the functions of synthesis, enthusiasm and optimism. In your natal chart, his house position is more important than his sign position because, like Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Jupiter in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Jupiter in Pisces increases your natural generosity and your dedication capacity. Your empathy is strong and you are inclined to offer your strength and your enthusiasm to the most deprived people and to give unlimited assistance to others. Your imagination is powerful and your feelings may flare up easily: with your sensitivity on the alert and your unbridled affectivity, you belong to the category of people who intuitively detect other people’s sufferings and most valuable qualities of the heart, as if you were a human radar.
Jupiter in House IX
Jupiter is in the 9th House. The traditional "Great Benefic" is in the sector of travels, discoveries, and spirituality. This configuration endows you with a broad mind and an inclination for explorations which are more tolerant than conquering, in a word, for altruism. Expansion is a quality when it is carried out without harming other people. You fully possess this quality. The Tradition underlines that your moral sense is highly developed.
Jupiter Dominant
If Jupiter is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Jupiterian: because this planet brings about a keen interest in social and professional success, the Tradition considers it to be beneficial. Indeed, you know how to adjust to events and to jump at the chance when it arises. The members of you entourage gladly entrust you with high responsibilities because they are often impressed by your learning skills and your adaptation abilities as you deal with new structures and new languages. What is the secret of your good star? It is your self-confidence which wins public support. Now, what is the secret of your charm? Definitely, enthusiasm, euphoria, and exaltation. Exaggeration also. When this dominant is well integrated, it is a factor of affluence and optimism, and a certain degree of joviality enables you to easily fit into various spheres. It constitutes your main asset to manage your life. However, you must at times curb your desire for integration, lest your sense of opportunity turns into extreme opportunism. Here also, the key to success lies in a correct estimate of everyone's chances and possibilities. Although management is one of your forte, and you can adjust your objectives to current realities better than other people, you lack the hindsight which enables  you to avoid short-term vagaries and daily fluctuations. If you strive too much to adapt, you run a risk of betraying yourself. This is the other traditional side of the coin with "The Greater Benefic"!
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Saturn 19°52' Aries, in House X
Saturn Aspects
Mercury conjunction Saturn orb +6°40'
Sun conjunction Saturn orb +7°48'
Saturn inconjunction Neptune orb +1°33'
Moon inconjunction Saturn orb +2°20'
Planets: Saturn
Saturn represents concentration, effort, perseverance, time,  the hard reality, inevitable consequences. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Capricorn and Aquarius (along with Uranus), is in exaltation in Libra and is in analogy with the bones (skeleton) and the skin.
It represents the grandparents, old people, scientists, knowledgeable men, Saturn corresponds to old age; it goes from 70 years old until death.
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Non-Emotive, Active and Secondary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type or sometimes Non-Emotive, non Active and Secondary type; it is a Phlegmatic, a Sentimental or an Empathic type
Interpretation of the 19° Aries symbolic degree
"An armed man in uniform is all set up for a difficult trip."
Cautious, intelligent, and adventurous character. One is action-oriented and fond of discoveries and travels. Before embarking upon any new venture, one thoroughly assesses its potential difficulties and equips oneself accordingly. Success is obtained in pioneering projects involving foreign countries, exploration of unknown territories, science, and raw materials such as ore or petroleum. One is very likely to be rewarded for a major discovery in one of these fields.
Saturn in Aries
The planet Saturn symbolizes contraction, effort, time, limitation and concentration. Saturn eliminates anything that is not authentic, sooner or later. It is impossible to cheat him as he gives an irresistible desire to form a coherent whole with oneself, in responsible and wise ways. He is the great purifier. He represents our limitations but also our truth. In your natal chart, the house position where Saturn is posited is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Saturn in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Saturn in Aries decreases your impulsiveness, your primary-ness and your spontaneity. But it endows you with more patience, tolerance and reflection in the long run.
Saturn in House X
With Saturn in the 10th House, your vocation is to deepen, to discover, and to invest in long-term projects rather than to be tempted by the illusion of the moment. You may be criticised for the other side of your personality, which includes rigour, austerity, and an exceedingly realistic mind. However, your capacity to question things, as well as to question yourself, constitutes an efficient asset. You draw the lesson from a setback, and you grow as your researches unfold, and as your experiences develop. These qualities are fully expressed in the professional area. You progressively reveal your worth, even though it means that you show your qualities later than other people usually do. You are demanding towards your partners as much as towards yourself. This feature, along with your tenacity, enables you to grow in spite of, and probably thanks to, setbacks, unfortunate experiences, and aborted undertakings. When this configuration is well-aspected, it endows you with seriousness and reliability, which the members of your entourage can but acknowledge and esteem. To know how to properly run one's life means also, and above all, to learn how to draw the lessons from experiences and facts.
Saturn Dominant
If Saturn is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Saturnian: you gladly leave to other people the decision to take life as it comes. As far as you are concerned, you prefer to take advantage of your experiences in order to discover, to grow, and to question yourself.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Uranus 15°48' Taurus, in House XI
Uranus Aspects
Moon trine Uranus orb +6°24'
Uranus trine Neptune orb +5°37'
Venus quintile Uranus orb +1°01'
Jupiter sextile Uranus orb -5°44'
Planets: Uranus
Uranus represents individual freedom, originality, independence, marginality, avant guard inspiration, ultra modernism. Fire is its element, it is dry, and it rules Aquarius, is in exaltation with Scorpio and is in analogy with the brain and the nerves.
It represents inventors, odd characters, revolutionaries.
Temperament : Nervous to the extreme
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary type; it is a Passionate type.
Interpretation of the 15° Taurus symbolic degree
"Two white cows in the jungle do not see the tiger which is ready to pounce on them. Nearby, a woman assembles the two roses she just plucked from a rosebush, a white one and a black one."
Refined, pleasant, and thoughtful character. One is blessed with many financial profits and happiness in love in the first part of life. It is necessary to be very careful because unexpected events or unsuspected enemies may be the cause of ruin and sorrow.
Uranus in Taurus
The planet Uranus symbolizes originality, independence and cerebral energy bursting suddenly. Uranus triggers the irresistible need for freedom that we have in ourselves. Uranus tends to break the constraints that have become unbearable and gives us the courage and the will to get rid of what has become a burden; when he is well aspected, he also indicates genius. In your natal chart, Uranus’ house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Uranus in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Uranus in Taurus develops your power and your inertia. You may accumulate a lot of energy and… brutally release it with incredible strength or you may become despotic.
Uranus in House XI
With Uranus in the 11th House, you are interested in projects of society. But the individual has the first place! You need to protect everyone's freedom, and to build a fraternal world. Your conceptions are liberal, often original, and personal. You never compromise over certain principles. Your friendships are straightforward, devoid of hidden agenda or ambiguity. You link up with other people because you want to share an ideal and assert the values you have in common. Without these objectives, you cannot develop a genuine relationship.
Uranus Dominant
If Uranus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Uranian: personal values are prevailing. Inner certainties fuel an inflexible will and a desire to call attention on yourself as well as to follow your beliefs through. This planet prompts you to behave with determination, to put forward your own truth, and to start your personal revolution. More than other people, you are willing to keep some degree of autonomy in all circumstances, and you often display an individualistic nature. In order to achieve your ideal of freedom and independence, you may act like a despot as you try to convince and to impose your views, whether smoothly or forcefully. Regardless of the flexibility of your comportment, some situations demand an absolute firmness as well as uncompromising, frank and straightforward attitudes. People may criticise you for your intransigence and say that you are a hardliner. Outsider's opinions don't matter! The most important thing is that you act in all conscience and reach your primary objectives. More than anyone else, you know how to use your willpower and to focus your energy on a precise aim, relentlessly, whatever the consequences might be. In the chapter of qualities, let's mention a definite sense of responsibility, an innovative mind open to techniques and modern ideas, as well as a natural self-discipline which overcomes many an obstacle. Therefore, people are well-advised not to hound you into a corner.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Neptune 21°25' Я Virgo, in House III
Neptune Aspects
Moon conjunction Neptune orb +0°47'
Jupiter opposite Neptune orb -0°07'
Uranus trine Neptune orb +5°37'
Saturn inconjunction Neptune orb +1°33'
Planets: Neptune
Neptune represents escapism, impressionability, daydreaming, delusions, carelessness, deception or intuition, dishonesty or inspiration, telepathy. Water is its element, it is moist, it rules Pisces, is in exaltation in Cancer, though some authors say it is Leo, and is in analogy with the vegetative system.
It represents dreamers, mediums, magicians, merchants of illusion, drug addicts.
Temperament : rather Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active, Primary or Secondary type; it is a Sentimental, or sometimes Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 21° ; Virgo symbolic degree
"A half-naked woman wearing a crown of flowers on her tousled hair dances in a garden and bends over a fish pond to admire her reflection in the water. Nearby, a courtesan plays with a billy goat."
Sensual, superficial and lazy character. One is very influenced by flattery and therefore, easy to swindle. Unless one strongly resists one's instincts, relationships with persons of the opposite gender are the cause of disgrace and dishonour. However, should the natal chart concur, true love or genuine artistic talents offer a good outlet for wild tendencies towards debauchery, and bring about success and fame. This degree is highlighted by the constellation “Berenice's Hair” and endows with personal charm, refined and friendly manners, and performing skills. It sometimes causes eye problems or baldness.
Neptune in Virgo
The planet Neptune symbolizes extreme receptivity, intense emotional sharpness, impressionability and inspiration; it is the planet of mediums, mystics and religious faith. In an astrological chart, it indicates dilution, vagueness, understanding one’s environment through emotions and the absence of clear and determined limits and structures. In your natal chart, Neptune’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Neptune in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Neptune in Virgo inclines you to be doubtful because your emotions bring about questions to which your logic cannot answer. Logic and intuition must become complementary and to that end, you must step back, as required.
Neptune in House III
Neptune is in the 3rd House. Assimilation of knowledge and learning to deal with relationships is above all a matter of intuition. Your mode of communication is influenced by your impressions and the way you feel situations. Your fertile imagination constantly interferes with numerous external information. You seek, or you unconsciously provoke, magical, romantic, and bewitching encounters. Psychology and sensitivity prevail over the cold logic ruling relationships.
Neptune Dominant
If Neptune is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Neptunian: your intuition is highly developed. You are of a contemplative nature, and you are particularly receptive to ambiances, places, and people. You gladly cultivate the art of letting-go, and you allow the natural unfolding of events to construct your world. You follow your inspirations, for better or for worse. At times, you display an extraordinary clairvoyance gift. You seem to be able to read your subconscious like a book, and you track down subtle underlying mechanisms, flaws, or open breaches. This innate intuition might explain the strokes of good luck which the Neptunian is sometimes credited with. However, you may also be the victim of illusions and misleading intuitions. You are an idealist, and you let your deepest aspirations prevail over the realities of the moment. Then, you set off in quest of some quixotic objective, living like a Don Quixote who relentlessly pursues an impossible dream. You have a great talent for psychology and the mysteries of the human soul. Since you instinctively perceive people's intents and motivations, as you swim in the complexity of human nature, you feel in your element. The subtlety of your perceptiveness is the source of both special affections and irrevocable rejections. What is the danger of such a dominant? If it is not offset by other influences in your natal chart, you may not have an iron will. Your trump card is your instinct, which may be developed to the extent that it becomes clairvoyance.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Pluto 29°15' Я Cancer, in House I
Pluto Aspects
Jupiter trine Pluto orb +7°42'
Planets: Pluto
Pluto represents deep transformations, mutations and eliminations, sexuality and magnetism, power and secrets, destruction with a view to regeneration, the phoenix rising from the ashes. Its element is indefinite; burning (like lava in fusion ?), it rules Scorpio, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the sexual organs and excretion.
It represents dictators, sadistic people, violent characters, is instinctive and powerful but also mysterious with hidden strengths.
Temperament : rather Bilious
Characterology : Emotive or non-Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is a Passionate Choleri typec.
Interpretation of the 29° ; Cancer symbolic degree
"In a field bordering the seashore, a young horse raises its head as it trots with its halter hanging loosely. A ship sails towards the horizon."
Passionate, independent, and intuitive character. One is a freedom-lover and uses one's bright intellectual faculties to do good because one is driven by a strong sense of justice. Feelings may prevail over reason. Life is clouded with uncertainties and instability, but ordeals are overcome with remarkable courage and self-confidence. Occupations related to seafaring and water are very favoured.
Pluto in Cancer
The planet Pluto symbolizes deep disruptions and upheavals, domination and sexual instincts, and the inner power we have in ourselves. Pluto destroys in order to reconstruct and he provokes painful crises that are needed in metamorphosis. Pluto is our deepest instincts’ brutal force. It is the hidden and unconscious violence that can explode in us with incredible intensity before being projected in our actions; in itself, the planet is not negative: the might and the intensity of its energy are beyond the conceivable but it can be funnelled. Pluto is the only possibility we have at our disposal to overcome our inner blocks and to eliminate outgrown situations that have become inextricable. Pluto’s energy is valuable because of its usefulness for the irreversible destruction of what constitutes a problem and not because of its negative side and its perversity. Pluto allows to reconstruct and to regenerate parts of our personality or whole stretches of our life, provided that we manage to funnel his wild energy and to step back. It is impossible to tame this energy, given its essence. However, it is possible to take advantage of it for a precise aim, through a temporary identification of some parts of us with this energy. In such a case, the outcome is our final evolution and even, our transformation. In your natal chart, Pluto’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, Pluto is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Pluto in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality and they are not to be really taken into account, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Pluto in Cancer may create troubles in your home because your will to control is too strong or because you are exceedingly sensitive.
Pluto in House I
With Pluto in the 1st House, your first look at other people is that of a foreigner. Indeed, you feel that you are different, set apart, and even excluded, the bearer of a different message or a different reality. Therefore, it is with a constant will to keep your distance that you discover the world. You do not want to be totally fooled, nor involved. No rule is absolute. People always have an agenda. It is up to you to unmask them right from the start.
Pluto Dominant
If Pluto is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Plutonian: you sometimes feel like a foreigner who does not belong to the world, to its laws, and its concerns. The rules of life in society are not necessarily yours. You are interested in what is unknown and in the subtle laws of a hidden order. So, you take malicious pleasure in ridiculing the patterns you find too simplistic or too rigid. You also revel in underlining the limits of explanations you deem too common. There is something unconventional about the way you are, the way you think, and the way you act. What is your specificity made of? Is it an extraordinary partner? A life off the beaten path? Or do you only distance yourself from conventional morals? In any case, you have the feeling, sometimes quite vague, that you come from nowhere, and that you do not belong to any definite group... In short, it means that you cannot be simplified in order to conform to existing models. The gap between you and ordinary mortals is also an element of your strength. Your deep clear-sightedness, firstly, enables you to put things into perspective and to grant them only the attention they deserve. Your other remarkable asset is your capacity to intervene from behind the scenes, to secretly organise events, and to bring about the desirable outcome without seeming to impose or to dictate anything. However, you must still overcome one of the major difficulties of this dominant, which is to get people to accept your difference and to smoothly fit into your environment.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Chiron 4°35' Cancer, in House XII
Asteroids: Chiron
Chiron is almost renowned and used everywhere. Most astrologers consider it as a kind of "mediator" between Saturn and outer planets. Consequently, Chiron is of Saturn's nature and at the same time is influenced by Uranus, the first slow-moving planet. Astrologically, it symbolizes wisdom, patience and the faculty to reduce others' sufferings: it is said to be the "great healer" of the zodiac. Like all the secondary bodies, it must be in close conjunction with planets or angles in order to fully express its action.
Interpretation of the 4° Cancer symbolic degree
"A shrub, untied from its stake, grows askew."
Caring, trusting, and sweet character unaware of human nature's flaws. In females' charts, this degree indicates disappointment in love owing to misplaced trust. In males' charts, women are the source of sorrow. For both genders, travels and trade are protected and bring about prosperity. Nevertheless, if in the natal chart, the Moon is in conjunction with this degree and in hard aspect with Saturn, it portends dangers related to water. A precocious marriage is possible.
%DYNAMIQUE_23%
Asteroids: Ceres
Ceres, the biggest of the four minor asteroids used besides Chiron, is associated with the mythological goddess of growing plants and harvest and also symbolizes physical constitution, vitality and fertility. She's also known as Demeter, according to the astrologer Zipporah Dobyns, linked to the symbolism of the mother but in a less emotive and more physical way than the Moon. Ceres is thought to be the ruler of Virgo, in exaltation in Gemini, in exile in Pisces and in fall in Sagittarius. Keywords associated with Ceres could be order, practical sense, worry, precision, modesty, method, sobriety, motherhood, fertility, the Earth: a kind of a more cerebral Moon...
%TEXTES_23%
%DYNAMIQUE_24%
Asteroids: Pallas
Pallas is sometimes used in modern Astrology: she represents intelligence, abstract and global thinking talents. It is usually considered to be a determining element in political strategy.
%TEXTES_24%
%DYNAMIQUE_25%
Asteroids: Juno
Juno is the asteroid corresponding to the adaptation to the marital partner and to the defence of individual rights; it is thus used in the field of marriage.
%TEXTES_25%
