An eerie live album from Marvin Gaye
Written: Sep 01 '04 (Updated Jun 16 '06)
Pros:Offers a rare glimpse into the last days of Gaye's life.
Cons:Sound quality could be much better than it is.
The Bottom Line: Marvin Gaye's last songs could have been preserved better than they are on this CD, but nevertheless, this disc is historic.
I became a Marvin Gaye fan when I went to Turkey on vacation in 1996.  For some reason, when I entered a music store, I decided to buy a greatest hits tape I saw there.  I listened to that tape over and over again while I rode buses all over the Turkish countryside.  When I got back to the States in 1997 after a two year stint as a Peace Corps Volunteer in the Republic of Armenia, I decided to invest in some more of Gaye's music.  One of the first compact discs I purchased was Giant Records' 1991 release of Gaye's The Last Concert Tour, which was recorded in the summer of 1983-- months before his death in April 1984.
Over the course of his long and successful career, Marvin Gaye won two Grammy awards.  His music was deeply personal, spiritual, and moving.  This was a man who had lived a hard life and the pain came through in his bittersweet music, which decried the heartbreak he had seen in his lifetime.  Gaye's songs addressed the subjects of cheating, war, poverty, and racism; yet Gaye also sung the sweet bouncy lovesongs that depicted the peace and happiness that comes from young love.  He performed with Diana Ross, Kim Weston, and most notably, Tammi Terrell.  Although some impressive backup singers perform with Gaye on The Last Concert Tour, Gaye is alone on this CD and only sings one of his duet hits, "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing".
At first blush, The Last Concert Tour CD looks like it has it all.  There are eighteen tracks and several of Gaye's biggest hits are included.  "Sexual Healing", "I Heard it Through the Grapevine", "Let's Get it On", "Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)", and "What's Going On" are just a few of the classic Gaye tracks that are performed live on this CD.  But when I first popped this disc into my player, I was not impressed.  The sound quality is not that great and some of the songs are edited so that they're shorter than the originals.  Marvin also speaks a great deal on this CD and he sounds like he might be under the influence of something.
Ironically, the fact that Marvin speaks is part of what makes this CD worthwhile to own.  He gets the crowd involved in his live version of "I Heard it Through the Grapevine"-- asking the women if they want his sweaty towel.  He launches into a medley and asks the crowd to give Tammi Terrell, his former duet partner who had died in his arms at a concert, a big round of applause.  And most eerily of all, Gaye actually makes a statement that might lead some to believe that he knew he was going to die soon.  As the band plays the intro to "Sexual Healing", one of his most popular songs and also his last big hit, Gaye says "I love you folks... Go make some babies.  Don't take me that seriously, folks.  You know, one of these days, ladies and gentlemen, I just might start serving the Lord, you know.  I've got a lot of spirituality in me.  I don't know how much longer I'm going to do this.  You may be seeing me in concert for the last time..."
He also talks about his father, the man who murdered him on April 1, 1984, the day before Gaye's 45th birthday.  Marvin Gaye's father, a preacher in the House of God Church, shot Gaye during an early morning shouting match.  He talks about his relationship with God and his beliefs regarding sex-- and some of his battles with sin and salvation.
If you're just looking for music, as I was when I purchased this CD, you may not like this release very much because there is a lot of talking and the sound quality is tinny at best.  If you're interested in history, though, or you're a devout Marvin Gaye fan, you may love this CD because of what ultimately happened to the man.  Even if Gaye's father had not shot him, Marvin Gaye had threatened suicide several times in 1984 and may well have succeeded one day.
There's no doubt in my mind that Marvin Gaye was a legend in his own time, despite the very chaotic and painful life he led.  His voice on this CD, though still magnificent, does not sound as perfect as it had in the past.  I don't find myself listening to this CD very often because it sounds inferior to what it really should be.  But I do count myself lucky to have this disc because it offers a rare glimpse of what Marvin Gaye was really about and the performances are from his last days on Earth.
Track list on The Last Concert Tour
1. Introduction
3. I Heard it Through the Grapevine
4. Come Get to This
5. God is My Friend
6. What's Going On
7. Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing
8. Your Precious Love
10. If This World Were Mine
11. Joy
13. Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)
14. Let's Get it On
15. Distant Lover
16. Rockin' After Midnight
17. Sexual Healing
18. The Final Chapter (This is where Gaye talks about the 1983 tour being his last)
As you can see, this disc is long on hits... If they had sounded better, I would have given this disc at least four stars.  Since the sound quality is poor, I will give it three, with a hearty recommendation for serious Gaye fans to pick up The Last Concert Tour and give it a listen.
Recommended: Yes
