 windows media players,      click to download the FREE software.
Performer: Marvin Gaye
Producer: Marvin Gaye...
Distributor: Universal Distribution
Notes: Personnel includes: Marvin Gaye (vocals, piano, Moog); Trevor Lawrence (alto, tenor & baritone saxophones). Originally released on Tamla (322) in December, 1972. All tracks have been digitally remastered using 20-bit technology by Gavin Lurssen at The Mastering Lab, Los Angeles, California. Composer: Marvin Gaye. Personnel: Marvin Gaye (vocals, keyboards, Moog synthesizer, drums); Bob Ragland (strings, piano); Gene Page (strings); Trevor Lawrence (alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, baritone saxophone); James Anthony Carmichael, Dale Oehler (horns). Liner Note Author: Steven Ivory. Photographer: Jim Britt. Unknown Contributor Role: Marvin Gaye. Arrangers: Jerry Long; Dale Oehler; Leo Shunker; Bob Ragland; Leo Shuken; Gene Page; J.J. Johnson ; Jack Hayes; J. Alan Johnson . Tenuous though it is, history books list it as a Marvin Gaye album. Those who did not see the film (from which this is a soundtrack) might unsuspectingly think Marvin might sing on it. In fact he does on one track, the title song. The film was another low-budget blaxploitation detective movie that fell short of both Superfly (Curtis Mayfield) and Shaft (Isaac Hayes). Musically, however, the remaining instrumental music is hard to fault, even though it sounds very much of its era. Approach with some degree of caution, but expect to be pleasantly surprised.
Mojo (Publisher) (6/02, p.66) - Included in Mojo's "100 Coolest Movie Soundtracks" - "...A work of infintie beauty incorporating intricate jazz, delicious funk and Trevor Lawrence's wailing sax."
Marvin Gaye began his career in the late 1950s, singing with various R&B vocal groups. Soon he moved on to work as a session drummer and vocalist at Motown. Gaye's own '60s albums are marked by propulsive, high-energy R&B, and duets with Mary Wells and Tammi Terrell. In the '70s, he crafted a unique, highly personal vision of R&B, incorporating socio-political issues, atmospheric arrangements, and unified album themes. His early, violent death robbed the world of a true genius.
Also Appears On:
