The Free Library >  Date >  2007 >  January >  1 >  Traffic (Parkville)
Marvin Gaye, Martin Luther King, Jr and the FBI.
This article is based on two theses that focused on the American civil rights movement. The first section of this article details how the Motown Record Company was linked to the movement and how it reflected the philosophy of Martin Luther King, Jr. The second part examines how King was placed under surveillance by the FBI, which suspected him of being under communist influence. The two parts of this article were linked by a common serendipitous ser·en·dip·i·ty  
n. pl. ser·en·dip·i·ties
1. The faculty of making fortunate discoveries by accident.
2. The fact or occurrence of such discoveries.
3. An instance of making such a discovery.  moment.
**********
The word 'serendipity' can be traced back to 28 January 1754, when Horace Walpole (1717-97) wrote to a distant cousin, Horace Mann, and described a new word that he had invented. Walpole described serendipity serendipity
happy finding of an unexpected object or solution while searching for something else.  as 'accidental sagacity' because 'no discovery of a thing you are looking for comes under this description'. (1) In short, serendipity is defined as the 'faculty of making happy discoveries by accident'. (2) Walpole derived the word from a fairytale known as The Travels and Adventures of Three Princes of Sarendip. (3) The tale was set in Sri Lanka Sri Lanka (srē läng`kə) [Sinhalese,=resplendent land], formerly Ceylon, ancient Taprobane, officially Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, island republic (2005 est. pop. , which was also known as 'Sinhala' (dwelling place of the lions) and this was 'translated as Serendib by ... Arab traders'. (4)
The notion of serendipity is an alluring thought for the scholar. It holds out the prospect of being able to accidentally make a brilliant discovery. Royston and Jeanie Roberts argue in Lucky Science that serendipity 'happens every day, or at least accidents do, and it is up to you to turn them into discoveries!' (5) The Roberts believe that 'the person making the accidental discovery is smart enough to understand that the accident is showing him or her something new and important.' (6) Yet, one could also suggest that serendipity does not in fact exist, and that such discoveries are made from the focusing of resources on to a particular problem. It could be argued that discoveries come from hard work, and that attributing them to serendipity is just one explanation among many; maybe serendipity is as much a state of mind as it is a reality.
Yet if, for the purpose of this article, we assume that serendipity exists, my serendipitous discovery occurred when writing the thesis for my Postgraduate Diploma
See also: Postgraduate Training in Education
A postgraduate diploma is a qualification awarded typically after a bachelor's degree. Countries which award postgraduate diplomas include Australia, India, New Zealand, England and Wales, and the Republic  in American History. The thesis was on the Motown Record Company and the civil rights movement, and through a serendipitous discovery I was able to uncover a vital source of information that allowed me to prove my argument. The same discovery also provided the foundation for my Masters research.
MARVIN GAYE Marvin Gaye (born Marvin Pentz Gay, Jr.) (April 2, 1939 – April 1, 1984) was an American singer-songwriter, musician and performer who gained international fame as an artist on the Motown label in the 1960s and 1970s.  AND MOTOWN
For in peace our hearts will sing    Thanks to Martin Luther King. (7)
I came to study Motown after an eight-year absence from academic research. There was a struggle in returning to study, however, as I had had ambitions to make a living through music and my enrolment was an acknowledgment that I was not supporting myself, as I had dreamed would happen. To compensate, the thesis for my Postgraduate Diploma needed to develop my love of music and history. I found that the solution to my dilemma was to write a thesis about music and its political and social meanings. Marvin MARVIN - U Dortmund, 1984. Applicative language based on Modula-2, enhanced by signatures (grammars) terms (trees) and attribute couplings (functions on trees). Used for specification of language translators.  Gaye's What's Going On What's Going On is a record by American soul singer Marvin Gaye. Released on May 21, 1971 (see 1971 in music), What's Going On reflected the beginning of a new trend in soul music.  provided the inspiration for such a thesis. His album was the soundtrack to a recent holiday I had taken in the United Kingdom and Indonesia and his peaceful music became a critical influence in the course of my future study.
Gaye GAYE Give As You Earn  sang for the Motown Record Company and, in the atmosphere of the early 1960s, when John F Kennedy was a young president, the company reflected the optimism of the nation. Motown became successful with love songs such as 'My guy' and 'My girl', and in appearance it was singularly dedicated to love and youth. (8) Yet there was more to Motown than just love songs, and my thesis argued that the music from Motown could be interpreted as having multiple political meanings. I found that Motown's early 1960s hits contributed to the success of the civil rights movement, and its later music tapped into the mood of discontent that developed throughout the decade.
Several academic writers, including Susan Smith for the Playboy playmate see Susan Smith
Susan Smith (born September 24, 1971 as Susan Leigh Vaughan), of Union, South Carolina, was convicted July 22, 1995, of murdering her two sons, 3-year-old Michael Daniel Smith, born October 10, 1991, and 14-month-old Alexander Tyler , Brian Ward Brian Ward is political operative at the parliament of the European Union in Brussels, aligned with the Irish political party Fine Gael. Early life
Brian was born in Dublin in 1981. He was brought up in Raheny where he continues to live while in Ireland.  and Gerald Early Gerald Early (b. 1952) is an essayist and American culture critic. A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he is currently the Merle Kling Professor of Modern letters, of English, African studies, African American studies , American culture studies, and Director, Center for Joint , have noted that Motown and the civil rights movement influenced each other. (9) In particular, I built on the work of Smith, who acknowledged that the 'detail and mechanics' of how Motown and the civil rights movement influenced each other remained 'elusive'. (10) Smith believed that there needed to be more 'concrete historical evidence' to explain the relationship of the company to the movement. (11) Her view that there needed to be more evidence was highlighted when Gerald Posner ignored her research and claimed that company owner '[Berry] Gordy had no interest in politics or history.' (12) In contrast to Posner, I argued that Motown contributed to racial integration in the United States United States, officially United States of America, republic (2005 est. pop. 295,734,000), 3,539,227 sq mi (9,166,598 sq km), North America. The United States is the world's third largest country in population and the fourth largest country in area. , a point emphasised by Jesse Jackson Noun 1. Jesse Jackson - United States civil rights leader who led a national campaign against racial discrimination and ran for presidential nomination (born in 1941)
Jesse Louis Jackson, Jackson  who told Gordy of how 'important' he was to the nation's 'black community'. (13)
When Gaye recorded What's Going On, he reflected the turmoil of the United States during the late-1960s and early-1970s. The creation of the album also brought Gaye into conflict with Berry Gordy Berry Gordy, Jr. (b. November 28 1929, Detroit, Michigan) is an American record producer, and the founder of the Motown record label and its many subsidiaries. Biography
Early years
Berry Gordy, Jr. . Gordy, Gaye's brother-in-law, reflected that 'I personally wasn't for' Gaye's protest songs. (14) He was concerned that by recording protest songs Gaye might harm his 'sexy image'. However, when it became clear that Gaye was going to record protest songs, Gordy advised: 'If you're gonna do something different at least make it commercial.' (15) The song 'What's going on' was released first, and it was a commercial success, reaching number two on the United States' pop chart. (16) Gaye then recorded eight more songs to complete the album, and each focused on a social issue of the time.
[FIGURE 1 OMITTED]
The album was released in 1971 and was well-received by the print media. Rolling Stone rolling stone
Noun
a restless or wandering person , when bestowing its Album of the Year award on Gaye, described it as 'original, personal, deep, and unrelentingly moving'. (17) Tom Zito, for the Washington Post, thought that the album 'captured the atmosphere of social, political and ecological upheaval in an overwhelmingly sophisticated musical fashion'. (18) Time also reviewed the album, noting that while the theme of 'brotherly love' had grown fashionable in recent years it was new for a Motown record. (19)
As Time noted, What's Going On preached the power of 'brotherly love', while reflecting the turmoil of the United States and the Vietnam War Vietnam War, conflict in Southeast Asia, primarily fought in South Vietnam between government forces aided by the United States and guerrilla forces aided by North Vietnam. . Gaye sang:
Brother, brother, brother there's far too many of you dying    You know we've got to find a way    To bring some lovin' here today    Father, father, father we don't need to escalate    You see war is not the answer    For only love can conquer hate. (20)
Both the song 'What's going on' and the album of the same name articulated the essence of Martin Luther King's vision of a loving force in society. Gaye deliberately avoided singing romantic love songs, even though they had been very successful at Motown previously. (21) Instead, Gaye sang about the possibility that 'brotherly love' might be able to cure the ills of society.
King, like Gaye, had also hoped that a common love for all would bring people together in peace. He used the Greek word agape agape
In the New Testament, the fatherly love of God for humans and their reciprocal love for God. The term extends to the love of one's fellow humans. The Church Fathers used the Greek term to designate both a rite using bread and wine and a meal of fellowship that included  to describe a non-romantic love that was directed to all people. King described agape as an 'understanding, creative, redemptive good will for all men'. For him, agape was a love that enabled people to 'love men not because they are likeable ... but because God loves them and here we love the person who does the evil deed while hating the deed that the person does'. (22) Similarly, the song, 'What's going on' articulated a desire for the force of agape to overcome social violence. (23)
When Gaye sang about such love, he did so during an era when the word 'love' was used in a political sense. The Woodstock music festival had emphasised the power of love, and anti-war demonstrations had moved to the centre of political protest using the slogan 'Make love, not war'. (24) Yet Gaye also focused on the hardships that many Americans faced. He protested against environmental degradation, inner-city crime, child neglect and he also sang of his devotion to God. (25) Drawing on the experiences of his brother, an unemployed Vietnam veteran This article is about veterans of the Vietnam War. For the French psychedelic musical group, see Vietnam Veterans.
Vietnam veteran is a phrase used to describe someone who served in the armed forces of participating countries during the Vietnam War. , he addressed the economic difficulties of the unemployed and the apparent hopelessness of their situation. In 'What's happening brother', the album's second song, Gaye sang:
Can't find no work, can't find no job my friend    Money is tighter than it's ever been    Say man, I just don't understand    What's going on across this land. (26)
At thirty-two, Gaye was just a few years older than a generation of black Americans from whom only fifty-four percent of men and fifty-five percent of women had graduated from high school. (27) His music was directly affected by the urban troubles that he saw, particularly the riots of the late 1960s. Detroit, the home of Motown, had been the centre of the nation's most lethal violence in 1967, and unrest persisted into 1970. In that year, 100 police officers and fifteen 'black militants' from the National Committee to Combat Fascism were involved in a nine-hour confrontation that left one officer dead. (28)
Motown's intersection with the civil rights movement and contemporary social issues was not solely based on music, however. Motown recorded two speeches by Martin Luther King and released them for sale to the public. (29) The first speech was released with the title The Great March to Freedom and it was recorded on 23 June 1963 in Detroit's Cobo Hall Cobo Hall, officially Cobo Conference/Exhibition Center, is a convention center situated in downtown Detroit, Michigan, USA. It and the adjacent Cobo Arena are named for Albert E. Cobo, mayor of Detroit from 1950 to 1957. . (30) The second speech was released with the title Great March to Washington, and it was a recording of King's 'I have a dream' speech of 28 August 1963. (31) These speeches indicate that Motown worked closely with the civil rights movement to assist in the cause of racial equality. This relationship further developed when the Black Forum record label was formed by Motown in the late 1960s. The purpose of the label was to issue politically-orientated spoken word recordings, and eight albums were released on the Forum label. (32)
When King was assassinated, Motown continued to work with members of the civil rights movement and the company began negotiations with King's wife, Coretta, to release an album 'for the cause'. (33) These negotiations focused on the release of a collection of King's speeches. It was planned that 'Coretta should introduce Martin with a sentence or two from each of the kids saying what their father meant to them, so it's a kind of family album.' It was expected that 'an awful lot of pirated junk' would be released for sale after King's death, so it was hoped that Motown's album would be more official if King's family endorsed the record with their participation. Motown was the preferred company for the album because the 'lines of communication' between King's organisation, the Southern Christian Leadership Since the time of Jesus people have been claiming to be "Christian leaders." The idea of leadership as it is currently understood in its many variations and facets would have been little understood by Jesus' earliest followers.  Conference ( SCLC SCLC
abbr.
Southern Christian Leadership Conference ), and 'Motown would be greater than with a big (recording) company'. The fact that Motown was a black-owned company and that Gordy was concerned with the 'SCLC getting as much money' from the recording are two other explanations as to why Motown was the preferred record company. (34)
I was led to an awareness of these negotiations by Brian Ward's book Just My Soul Responding. Ward also alerted me to the fact that the Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), division of the U.S. Dept. of Justice charged with investigating all violations of federal laws except those assigned to some other federal agency.  (FBI) kept a file on King. (35) After reading Ward, it occurred to me, in a moment of inspiration, to check whether King's FBI file was in the Baillieu Library's collection. The Library had the file, and this afterthought gave me the most exciting evidence that proved Motown had direct links to the movement. After discovering the file, I consulted its index and found an entry on Motown. This was an uplifting moment, because I knew that I had found a crucial link for my thesis.
The Motown entry in the file contained telephone transcripts of conversations regarding the plan to release a record after King's death. These transcripts were compiled from telephone calls involving Stanley Levison Stanley David Levison (1912 - 1979) was a Jewish buinessman from New York, who had also attained a law degree from St. John's University. He was a life-long activist in progressive causes. He is best known as an advisor to, and close friend of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , one of King's closest advisors. The FBI had wiretapped Levison's phone because he had been one of the top two financiers for the Communist Party Communist party, in China
Communist party, in China, ruling party of the world's most populous nation since 1949 and most important Communist party in the world since the disintegration of the USSR in 1991.  of the United States of America UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. The name of this country. The United States, now thirty-one in number, are Alabama, Arkansas, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, New Hampshire,  ( CPUSA CPUSA Communist Party of the United States of America ) during the 1950s. While Levison's involvement with the party had ceased by the 1960s, the FBI alleged that he exerted a communist influence over King and this was used as the justification to tap his phone. (36) From the wiretap wiretap n. using an electronic device to listen in on telephone lines, which is illegal unless allowed by court order based upon a showing by law enforcement of "probable cause" to believe the communications are part of criminal activities. , there were transcripts of ten telephone conversations involving Levison and representatives from Motown and the SCLC. (37) These transcripts gave me the documentary proof that detailed negotiations between the company and the movement had taken place. I had suspected that there would be such evidence but until my late discovery I was unable to prove such a direct relationship. With this evidence I was able to strengthen my argument that the company and the movement influenced each other and had direct contact.
The most important transcript in the file documented a conversation between Levison and Junius Griffin on 13 April 1968, nine days after King's assassination Assassination
See also Murder.
assassins
Fanatical Moslem sect that smoked hashish and murdered Crusaders (11th—12th centuries). [Islamic Hist.: Brewer Note-Book, 52]
Brutus
conspirator and assassin of Julius Caesar. [Br. . Griffin was a former aide to King who was then employed by Motown as its director of publicity. (38) The conversation between the two men concerned the release of an album of King's speeches and Griffin told Levison that Coretta had agreed to the release of an album. (39) The transcript also noted that Griffin insisted that Motown should be 'the only official record company that will be doing' the speech and that this 'will have to be cleared with Rev. Abernathy [King's successor as president of the SCLC] and Coretta'. This insistence on preferential treatment for Motown, which was granted, illustrates the close relationship of the company to the movement, as does the presence of Griffin at Motown. Griffin's former work for King, and subsequent employment by Motown, ensured that he was able to act as a bridge between the SCLC and the record company; Griffin helped to keep the 'lines of communication' between Motown and the SCLC strong.
Another important transcript detailed a conversation between Levison and the singer Harry Belafonte Harold George Belafonte, Jr. (born March 1, 1927) is an American musician, actor and social activist. One of the most successful Jamaican musicians in history, he was dubbed the "King of Calypso" for popularizing the Caribbean musical style in the 1950s. , on 18 April. Belafonte was very active in his support of the SCLC, and Levison felt that Belafonte's approval was needed before the recording could be allowed to proceed. Levison called Belafonte and said that 'Gordy wants to do an album of tapes and he has been' waiting because 'I thought you should be consulted on it.' Levison then said 'they ought to let ... Gordy go ahead' and Belafonte agreed. (40) The following day, when Tom Ossenburger asked 'if it was alright for Motown ... to make a recording' Levison replied in the affirmative, telling Tom the recording has 'been approved all around'. (41) The album that was released with the title Free At Last, and the collaboration between Motown and the SCLC, illustrate that Motown had direct and productive contact with the integrationist SCLC. The employment of Griffin by both Motown and the SCLC also demonstrates the closeness of the connection between the company and the movement.
The transcripts illustrated a possible path for me to take when I began to contemplate my Masters research. The FBI had also wiretapped King's phone, and it became clear that my next thesis would examine this surveillance of King. Until I had read Ward, the role of the FBI in pursuing King was unknown to me, yet from that time the nature of the FBI's behaviour became clearer and I needed to know why the FBI placed King under surveillance.
[FIGURE 1 OMITTED] (42)
MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR AND THE FBI
King's FBI file consisted of sixteen rolls of microfilm and this, in tandem Adv. 1. in tandem - one behind the other; "ride tandem on a bicycle built for two"; "riding horses down the path in tandem"
tandem  with the scholarship of David Garrow, Frank Donner, Frank Sorrentino and Kenneth O'Reilly, enabled me to piece together the narrative of why the FBI came to place King under electronic surveillance. (43) The process began in January 1962 when the FBI learnt that Stanley Levison had worked with the CPUSA. Levison's involvement was during the 1950s, and by March 1963, after an investigation, the FBI knew that he had ceased contact with the party altogether. Despite this, the FBI alleged that Levison worked for the party, and that King was under the influence of the Soviet Union via Levison. Thus, Levison's presence became the catalyst for an electronic surveillance campaign against King. (44)
The surveillance of King lasted from 1962 to 1968 and the FBI made him and the SCLC the target of a Communist Infiltration Program. The program was designed to monitor organisations that the FBI alleged were in danger of being infiltrated by the CPUSA. The Bureau wire-tapped King's telephones, bugged his hotel rooms and instigated 'Black Bag Jobs' (illegal break-ins) against him and Levison. (45) The Bureau also attempted to discredit King with Congress, universities, the Pope, and when he received the Nobel Peace Prize The Nobel Peace Prize (Swedish and Norwegian: Nobels fredspris) is the name of one of five Nobel Prizes bequeathed by the Swedish industrialist and inventor Alfred Nobel. . A letter encouraging King to commit suicide Verb 1. commit suicide - kill oneself; "the terminally ill patient committed suicide"
kill - cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly; "This man killed several people when he tried to rob a bank"; "The farmer killed a pig for the holidays"  was sent from the FBI to his house with an audio tape recording of King engaged in extramarital sex Noun 1. extramarital sex - sexual intercourse between individuals who are not married to one another
free love
criminal congress, unlawful carnal knowledge - forbidden or tabu sexual intercourse between individuals . King was also placed on the Reserve Index, a list of the names of people who could be imprisoned during a national emergency. (46) He was placed on the index because he was allegedly 'controlled by communists'. (47)
The FBI alleged that King was a threat because the CPUSA attempted to use civil rights organisations to further its aims of revolution. (48) Thus, when a former communist sympathiser, such as Levison, came into contact with King, the FBI interpreted this as an attempt at infiltration. Indeed the CPUSA had a long history of using the civil rights arena as a source of recruits. The party had identified civil rights as an area for communist activity during the Sixth Congress of the Communist International in 1928. (49) And there was constant African-American involvement in the Central Committee of the CPUSA from the 1920s. (50) Thus, to the intelligence agencies, African-Americans were seen as threatening to the nation because it was thought that they were being used by communists. This logic persisted in the 1960s, and King, as a leader of the movement, was seen as a threat because of the alleged influence that Levison was supposed to have over him. To the FBI, it mattered little that Levison was no longer working for the party when he was advising King.
The FBI's campaign against King intensified after King's 'I have a dream' speech during the March on Washington. William Sullivan William Sullivan may refer to:
William Cornelius Sullivan (1912-1977), a United States security official
William Hallissey "Billy" Sullivan, Jr. (1915-1998), owner of an original franchise (the Boston Patriots) of the American Football League
, head of the bureau's Domestic Intelligence Division, wrote that King's oration was a 'demagogic speech' and that King was 'the most dangerous Negro of the future in this Nation from the standpoint of communism, the Negro and national security'. (51) Several months later, on 8 January 1964, Sullivan declared that the FBI should take King 'off his pedestal and ... reduce him completely in influence so that he will no longer be a security problem.' He continued: '[w]hen this is done ... the right kind of a national Negro leader could ... be gradually developed so as to overshadow o·ver·shad·ow  
tr.v. o·ver·shad·owed, o·ver·shad·ow·ing, o·ver·shad·ows
1. To cast a shadow over; darken or obscure.
2. To make insignificant by comparison; dominate.  Dr. King and be in the position to assume the role of the leadership of the Negro people when King has been completely discredited.' (52) In essence, the FBI attempted a civil rights coup by trying to reduce King's political influence in the hope that he would be replaced with someone likely to submit to Bureau control. (53)
Sullivan is also widely thought to have sent a suicide letter to King in December 1963. The letter was sent with a package that contained a recording of King engaging in extramarital sex. It was first opened by Coretta after her return from Stockholm, where King had received the Nobel Peace Prize. (54) The letter was explicit and brutal:
King, look into your heart. You know you are a complete fraud and a    great liability to all us Negroes ... You are no clergyman ... your    end is approaching ... there is only one thing left for you to do.    You know what it is. You have just thirty-four days in which to    do ... There is but one way out for you. You better take it before    your filthy, abnormal fraudulent self is bared to the nation. (55)
King passed on the suggestion to commit suicide, and by 1965 the FBI had failed to dislodge him from his pre-eminent role as a civil rights spokesman. Yet the FBI was not discouraged and it continued its surveillance of King during the mid-1960s. In August 1967 the FBI initiated a Counter Intelligence Program against the SCLC, and in February 1968 King was personally targeted. (56) This program meant that the FBI classified the SCLC as a Black Nationalist Black Nationalist
n.
A member of a group of militant Black people who urge separatism from white people and the establishment of self-governing Black communities.
Black Nationalism n.  Hate Group along with the far more radical and violent Black Panthers. The program's purpose was to 'expose, disrupt, misdirect mis·di·rect  
tr.v. mis·di·rect·ed, mis·di·rect·ing, mis·di·rects
1. To aim (a blow or projectile, for example) badly.
2. To give wrong instructions or directions to.
3. , discredit or otherwise neutralize the activities of black nationalist hate type organizations'. (57) It was a more aggressive program in which the FBI directly interfered with SCLC activities, rather than containing itself to the more observational role it had previously developed with surveillance. (58)
PUBLIC OPINION TOWARD KING
While King is now remembered with a public holiday, there were members of the American public who shared the FBI's hatred of King. Scholars such as Garrow, Donner, and Sorrentino have argued that the FBI was able to pursue King because it reflected the cultural values of the American population and the hatred that some felt for King. (59) Given this consensus, it was difficult to find a new point of view from which to analyse the FBI surveillance. Yet dispersed throughout King's FBI file were letters, telegrams and the transcripts of telephone calls from ordinary Americans to the FBI regarding King. Many of these expressed concern that King may have been involved with communism. These communications were not used by the above-mentioned authors, and only Michael Friedly and David Gallen had used them. Their book Martin Luther King, Jr, reprinted some of the letters, but did not analyse them. This gap in the literature enabled me to conduct original research on the topic of King, communism and public opinion. From my research I developed the argument that Americans were not as quick as the FBI to condemn King, and this challenged the existing academic view of the surveillance.
King's FBI file contained 454 communications from the American public to the FBI. The communications were received from 1961 until 4 April 1968. There were 404 items of written correspondence, forty telephone calls and ten telegrams. Of these contacts, 349 were concerned, in some way, with the issue of communism; 76.87 percent of the total. (60) Initially, after reading many of the communications, I felt that there was an overwhelming tendency to criticise King, and that this was the feature of the file. However, after careful analysis, I found that 173 communications, a majority of those concerned with communism, were reluctant to accuse King of being a communist; they were neutral in tone. Furthermore, there were forty-five communications which clearly supported King against the charge of communist influence. Thus, 218 of the communications were either neutral, or supportive of King, whilst 131 exhibited a belief that he was a communist or at least under the influence of communists. Thus I argued that most people who communicated with the FBI were reluctant to accuse King of being a communist.
Those who supported King were passionate in their defence of him, as the following extracts will illustrate. From Summit, New Jersey, a correspondent wrote that he or she had 'heard someone make ... the rather irresponsible charge that Dr Martin Luther King is a communist'. (61) Another responded to an accusation that King was a communist by stating: 'I do not believe this and feel that it is a gross error.' (62) In Philadelphia, a writer described a person who accused King of communist sympathies as a 'bigot'. (63) And from Chatham, New Jersey Chatham, New Jersey may refer to two neighboring municipalities in Morris County, New Jersey – Chatham Borough and Chatham Township, or to both of them together. The two are actually separate municipalities, but do share a library, a joint school district, and a post office , another argued that 'It is inconceivable to us as loyal and truth believing Americans that a Nobel Prize Nobel Prize, award given for outstanding achievement in physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, peace, or literature. The awards were established by the will of Alfred Nobel, who left a fund to provide annual prizes in the five areas listed above.  winner could possibly have a background' in communism. (64) Correspondents who supported King had often heard the accusation that he was under communist influence and they wanted an end to the accusations. A Mississippi correspondent wanted the FBI to end rumours about King because 'I detest "heresy hunts".' (65) And a writer from Ohio commented that if King did not have 'connections with communist-front organizations ... it is not right that he should be so classed'. (66)
Many of the communications to the FBI, particularly those of a neutral tone, were requests for information about King. A writer from San Diego, California “San Diego” redirects here. For other uses, see San Diego (disambiguation).
San Diego is a coastal Southern California city located in the southwestern corner of the continental United States. As of 2006, the city has a population of 1,256,951. , wrote: 'will you please send me information about ... King, is he or has he ever been associated with the Communist party [sic]?' (67) A Kansas pastor asked: 'Is Martin Luther King a communist?' The pastor continued: 'some in the community ... have circulated information purporting to establish that Dr King is a communist. This is stated as a fact which, it is alleged, can be supported by ... true evidence.' The pastor thought that the truth would mean 'much to the general well-being of my whole church'. (68) Another writer, from the United Presbyterian Church United Presbyterian Church, two denominations of Presbyterianism.
1 In Scotland, the United Presbyterian Church was formed by the union (1847) of the United Secession Church with the majority of the congregations of the Relief Church. , noted that a boy in Sunday school Sunday school, institution for instruction in religion and morals, usually conducted in churches as part of the church organization but sometimes maintained by other religious or philanthropic bodies.
In England during the 18th cent.  had said that King was a communist. The writer complained that although we 'impress upon them [youth] the dangers of name-calling and false labelling ... oftentimes we feel our words have fallen on deaf ears and closed minds.' (69)
Those who opposed King illustrated a complete rejection of his faith in agape. In March 1964 a Santa Barbara writer accused King of 'working with communists for an [sic] revolution'. (70) And from the Bronx, a writer expressed that '[w]e are watching another Castro in the making.' (71) In an amusing turn of phrase, a writer from Delaware accused King of being 'an anti-American screwball' who was 'financed, backed, and pushed by the Communist infiltrators from Russia and China'. (72) King was seen as a danger to the nation, and a correspondent from Kansas claimed that the 'white house itself if [sic] planning the overthrow of our government' and that 'the Government has used the negro which is infiltrated with communism with ... King the biggest one of all.' (73) This fear was reiterated by a correspondent from Waco, Texas For the Branch Davidian siege in Waco, Texas, see .
For other uses of "Waco", see Waco (disambiguation).
Waco (pronounced: /ˈweɪkoʊ/) is the county seat of McLennan County, Texas. , who wrote: 'I have been told that ... King is ... carrying out a communist plan called "operation paralysis", which is designed to destroy our nation internally.' (74)
King was also accused of being in contact with communist front Communist Front was originally the term used by the Communist Party of the United States (CPUSA), and then later by the House Committee on Un-American Activities (HUAC) and the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee (SISS) to label Comintern organizations found to be under the  organisations. A photo of him at the Highlander Folk School Highlander Folk School, New Market, Tenn.; founded in 1932 by Myles Horton in Monteagle, Tenn., now known as the Highlander Research and Education Center. At first the school focused on training union organizers, but in the 1950s Highlander became a center of the , a left wing community school, was used by segregationists to support this allegation. The photo was accompanied with the accusation that 'King belongs to sixty Communist-front organizations'. It was alleged that he was 'promoted and encouraged by the Kennedys'(Figure 3). (75) The photo also appeared on roadside billboards around the south (figure 4).
[FIGURE 2 OMITTED]
[FIGURE 3 OMITTED] (76)
In another accusation, two suspects in the murder of three civil rights activists in Mississippi, the subject of the film Mississippi Burning, sent correspondence to the FBI that suggested: 'there appears to be substantial evidence to support the fact that he [King] is a communist.' (77) King's views on the Vietnam War were also commented on. A correspondent in Alpine, California, wrote: 'It seems odd to me [that] when we are frittering away young American lives in Viet Nam ... to prevent Communism getting a toe hold ... our foolish President would condone Martin King!' And King's economic philosophy was also linked to socialist goals. One writer was 'appalled' that King 'is now striving for a guaranteed minimum income Guaranteed minimum income is a proposed system of income redistribution that would provide eligible citizens with a certain sum of money (independent of whether they work or not), also known as "Basic Income Guarantee (BIG)", "universal basic income", "citizen's income scheme",  for the "poor".' The writer asked: 'would this not be one step closer to socialism?' (78)
The FBI also received telephone calls from people threatening to kill King. (79) A death threat was received on 28 August 1963, the day King spoke at the march on Washington. A Kansas City man called the FBI and asked the bureau to deliver a message to King: 'King should have one hole between his eyes and I will put it there.' (80) A woman called the Dallas Office and stated, 'I just wanted you to know ... King is coming to Dallas in September so you could shoot him.' She added, 'I hope somebody kills that black son-of-a-bitch.' (81)
Racism was a feature of many of the communications, and when King was in Selma, Alabama, a correspondent from Indianapolis wrote that King 'has just made the statement over the radio "My niggars will March Down The Highway".' (82) Also, a correspondent from Mississippi wrote: 'I think M L King needs to be reminded of the "congo" like behaviour of countless thousands of his race.' (83) Another strange racist comment, addressed to Hoover, came from Houston, Texas: 'Would you please caucus with your second in command Martin Lucifer Coon coon: see raccoon. .' (84)
CONCLUSION
While the above examples illustrate the hostility directed towards King, the majority of the communications in King's FBI file refrained from accusing King of being under the influence of communism. As such, from the sample of communications found in King's FBI file, I was able to conclude that those who contacted the FBI did not blindly share the Bureau's view that King was under communist influence. This challenged the conventional academic argument that the American public and the FBI would have the same point of view and cultural values in relation to King. My research was able to take the views of ordinary Americans from King's FBI file and release them into the academic world. In this respect my work was original and this originality was made possible due to my fortune in finding King's FBI file.
After writing two theses, it is worth asking the question: is it possible to obtain success in research without a serendipitous moment? James Austin writes that some experiences 'involve events which are irrational, non-scientific, and unpredictable.' He characterises these as meanderings. (85) Academic life is filled with such meanderings. The end goal is a completed thesis but, on the way to completion, it is possible to explore concealed pockets of knowledge that fascinate. My foray into music and politics led me down a path where I could peer into American society during the 1960s. The links between Motown and King led me to the discovery of King's FBI file, which became the basis for my Masters thesis. This was serendipitous, yet, I would argue, my happy discovery was also the realisation that it was possible to combine two loves--music and history--in the one project. If serendipity is finding something that one was not in quest of, then I found that during my research.
Daniel Fleming
School of Historical Studies
ENDNOTES
(1) Letter to Horace Mann, 28 January 1754, in Robert K Merton and Elinor Barber, The Travels and Adventures of Serendipity, Princeton University Press, Princeton, 2004, 1-2.
(2) Grahame Johnston (ed.), The Australian Pocket Oxford Dictionary, Oxford University Press, Melbourne, 1981, 738.
(3) Merton and Barber, 2.
(4) The spelling of 'serendib', and not 'serendip', is an accurate quotation from John H Esterline and Mae H Esterline, Innocents Abroad-How We Won the Cold War, University Press of America, Lanham, 1997, 68.
(5) Royston M Roberts and Jeanie Roberts, Lucky Science: Accidental Discoveries from Gravity to Velcro, with Experiments, John Wiley and Sons, New York New York, state, United States
New York, Middle Atlantic state of the United States. It is bordered by Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and the Atlantic Ocean (E), New Jersey and Pennsylvania (S), Lakes Erie and Ontario and the Canadian province of , 1995, 2.
(6) Roberts, 1.
(7) Stevie Wonder, 'Happy birthday', Motown Record Company, 1980.
(8) William 'Smokey' Robinson, 'My guy', 1964; William 'Smokey' Robinson and Ronald White, 'My girl', 1964, in Motown Hits, Hal Leonard, Milwaukee, 142, 138.
(9) Susan Smith, Dancing in the Street: Motown and the Cultural Politics of Detroit, Harvard University Press The Harvard University Press is a publishing house, a division of Harvard University, that is highly respected in academic publishing. It was established on January 13, 1913. In 2005, it published 220 new titles. , Cambridge, 1999; Brain Ward, Just My Soul Responding: Rhythm and Blues rhythm and blues (R&B)
Any of several closely related musical styles developed by African American artists. The various styles were based on a mingling of European influences with jazz rhythms and tonal inflections, particularly syncopation and the flatted blues chords. , Black Consciousness, and Race Relations, University of California Press "UC Press" redirects here, but this is also an abbreviation for University of Chicago Press
University of California Press, also known as UC Press, is a publishing house associated with the University of California that engages in academic publishing. , Los Angeles, 1998; Gerald Early, One Nation Under a Groove, Ecco Press, New Jersey, 1995.
(10) Smith, 10.
(11) Smith, 7.
(12) Gerald Posner, Motown: Music, Money, Sex and Power, Random House, New York, 2002, 172.
(13) Berry Gordy, To Be Loved: The Music, the Magic, the Memories of Motown, Warner, New York, 1994, 306.
(14) George-Warren, Holly (ed.), 'Berry Gordy', Rolling Stone: The Decades of Rock and Roll, Chronicle, San Francisco, 2001, 96.
(15) Gordy, 302.
(16) Nelson George, Where Did Our Love Go?: The Rise and Fall of the Motown Sound, St Martin's Press, New York, 211.
(17) 'Albums of the year', Rolling Stone, 3 February 1972, 39.
(18) Tom Zito, 'Motown's singing, sparring star', Washington Post, 30 April 1972, 6.
(19) 'Motown beatitudes', Time, 11 October 1971, 54.
(20) Al Cleveland, Marvin Gaye and Renaldo Benson, 'What's going on', What's Going On, Motown Record Company, 2001.
(21) Gordy once claimed that the company was 'built on love'. See 'No town like Motown', Newsweek, 22 March 1965, 56.
(22) Martin Luther King, Jr, 'The power of nonviolence', in James M Washington (ed.), A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches of Martin Luther King Jr, Harper Collins, San Francisco, 1986, 13.
(23) Gaye, 'What's going on', What's Going On.
(24) Edward J Rielly, The 1960s, Greenwood Press, Westport, 2003, 44.
(25) Marvin Gaye, Anna Gordy Gaye, Elgie Stover and James Nyx, 'God is love'; Marvin Gaye and James Nyx, 'Inner city blues'; Marvin Gaye, 'Mercy mercy me (The ecology)'; Al Cleveland, Marvin Gaye and Renaldo Benson; 'Save the children', What's Going On.
(26) Marvin Gaye and James Nyx, 'What's happening brother', What's Going On.
(27) James Martin, Randy Roberts, Steven Mintz, Linda McMurry and James Jones, America and Its People (second edition), HarperCollins, New York, 1993, 1008-9.
(28) For more information on the 1967 Detroit Riot, see Sidney Fine, Violence in the Model City: The Cavanaugh Administration, Race Relations, and the Detroit Riot of 1967, University of Michigan (body, education) University of Michigan - A large cosmopolitan university in the Midwest USA. Over 50000 students are enrolled at the University of Michigan's three campuses. The students come from 50 states and over 100 foreign countries.  Press, Ann Arbor, 1989. The New York Times claimed the National Committee was a subsidiary of the Black Panther Party Black Panther Party (for Self-Defense)
U.S. African American revolutionary party founded in 1966 by Huey Newton and Bobby Seale (b. 1936) in Oakland, Calif. Its original purpose was to protect African Americans from acts of police brutality. , in 'Concert in Boston ends in violence', New York Times, 9 July 1968, 30.
(29) Ward, 273-74.
(30) Ward, 273.
(31) Ward, 274.
(32) Don Waller, The Motown Story, Charles Scribner's Sons Charles Scribner's Sons is a publisher that was founded in 1846 at the Brick Church Chapel on New York's Park Row. The firm published Scribner's Magazine for many years. Scribner's is well known for publishing Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Kurt Vonnegut, Robert A. , New York, 1985, 207.
(33) Junius Griffin to Stanley Levison, telephone conversation transcript, 13 April 1968, in The Martin Luther King, Jr FBI File. Part 2: The King--Levison File, University Publications of America, Frederick, 1987, microfilm, reel 8: 332. [hereafter MLK-FBI File Pt II: The King-Levison File]
(34) FBI File, reel 8: 332-36.
(35) Ward, 494.
(36) David J Garrow, 'The FBI and Martin Luther King', The Atlantic Monthly, July/ August 2002, 80-88.
(37) The first transcript was dated 13 April 1968, just over a week after King's assassination, and the last was 20 April 1968, in MLK-FBI File: Pt II: The King-Levison File, reel 8: 332-35, 338, 344-45, 361, 365, 384.
(38) Gordy, 250.
(39) Griffin to Levison, 13 April 1968, in MLK-FBI File Pt II: The King-Levison File, reel 8: 332-36.
(40) Levison to Harry Belafonte, 18 April 1968, in MLK-FBI File Pt II: The King-Levison File, reel 8: 361.
(41) Tom Ossenburger to Levison, 19 April 1968, in MLK-FBI File Pt II: The King-Levison File, reel 8: 365.
(42) Cover photograph from Michael Freidly and David Gallen, Martin Luther King, Jr: The FBI File, Carroll and Graf, New York, 1993.
(43) David Garrow, The FBI and Martin Luther King, Jr: From 'Solo' to Memphis, W W Norton, New York, 1981; Frank Donner, The Age of Surveillance: The Aims and Methods of America's Political Intelligence System, Alfred A Knopf, New York, 1980; Frank Sorrentino, Ideological Warfare: The FBI's Path Toward Power, National University Publications, Port Washington, New York Port Washington is a hamlet and Census Designated Place in Nassau County, New York on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2000 Census, the community population was 15,215. , 1985; Kenneth O'Reilly, Black Americans: The FBI Files, Carroll and Graf, New York, 1994.
(44) Garrow, 'The FBI and MLK', 80-88.
(45) United States Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities, Supplementary Detailed Staff Reports on Intelligence Activities and the Rights of Americans: Book Three, 94th Cong,. 2d sess., 1976, S. Rep. 94-755, 79-80. [Hereafter, Church Report: Book Three.]
(46) Church Report: Book Three, 79-80.
(47) The Martin Luther King Jr, FBI File, David J Garrow (ed.), University Publications of America, Frederick, Maryland, 1984, reel 3: 587. [Hereafter, FBI File.]
(48) For a study of a communist front group, the Civil Rights Congress, see Gerald Horne, Communist Front? The Civil Rights Congress, 1946-56, Fairleigh Dickinson University Fairleigh Dickinson University, at Florham-Madison and Teaneck-Hackensack, N.J.; coeducational; incorporated and opened 1942 as a junior college, became a four-year college in 1948 and a university in 1956.  Press, Rutherford, 1988.
(49) Gerald Horne, 'The Red and the black: The Communist Party and African-Americans in historical perspective', in Michael E Brown, Randy Martin, Frank Rosengarten and George Snedeker (eds), New Studies in the Politics and Culture of US Communism, Monthly Review Press, New York, 1993, 203-04.
(50) Harvey Klehr, Communist Cadre: The Social Background of the American Communist Party Elite, Stanford University Press, Stanford, 1978, 53-69.
(51) Sullivan to Belmont, memorandum, 30 August 1963, in FBI File, reel 2: 271-72.
(52) Sullivan to Belmont, memorandum, 8 January 1964, in Victor Navasky, 'The FBI's wildest dream', The Nation, 17 June 1978, 717.
(53) Garrow, 'The FBI and MLK', 80-88.
(54) Garrow, From Solo, 125-126.
(55) Garrow, From Solo, 125-126.
(56) Senate Select Committee, Church Report: Book Three, 179-80.
(57) FBI Headquarters to Field Offices, memorandum, 25 August 1967, in James Davis, Spying on America: The FBI's Domestic Counterintelligence coun·ter·in·tel·li·gence  
n.
The branch of an intelligence service charged with keeping sensitive information from an enemy, deceiving that enemy, preventing subversion and sabotage, and collecting political and military information.  Program, Praeger, New York, 1992, 101.
(58) For an account of the FBI's activities to disrupt the SCLC's Poor People's Campaign In 1968, Martin Luther King Jr. and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference organized the Poor People's Campaign to address issues of economic justice. The campaign culminated in a march on Washington, D.C. demanding economic aid to the poorest communities of the United States.  in 1968, see Gerald D McKnight, The Last Crusade, Westview Press, Boulder, 1998.
(59) Garrow, From Solo, 209; Donner, The Age of Surveillance, 3; Sorrentino, Ideological Warfare, 107.
(60) The measure I used to arrive at 349 was broad. I included any communication where the words 'communist' or 'communism' were found. This inclusiveness ensured that all references were counted and it also aimed to portray just how pervasive the issue was in the United States during the 1960s.
(61) To Hoover, 19 December 1963, Summit, New Jersey, in FBI File, reel 2: 415. (The FBI deleted the correspondent's name from the majority of the correspondence it received. Consequently most of the footnotes concerning this correspondence will not have the author's name included.)
(62) To Hoover, 5 August 1964, East Orange, New Jersey, in FBI File, reel 3: 964.
(63) To Hoover, 17 March 1965, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in FBI File, reel 6: 03.
(64) To Hoover, 1 April 1965, Chatham, New Jersey, in FBI File, reel 6: 472.
(65) To the FBI, 28 July 1964, Greenwood, Mississippi, in FBI File, reel 3: 933.
(66) To Hoover, 25 September 1964, Illinois, in FBI File, reel 4: 233.
(67) To Sir, 25 May 1964, San Diego, California, in FBI File, reel 3: 410.
(68) To Hoover, 14 February 1965, Kansas, in FBI File, reel 5: 510.
(69) To Hoover, 1 April 1965, Plymouth, Indiana, in FBI File, reel 6: 508.
(70) To Hoover, 15 March 1964, Santa Barbara, California, in FBI File, reel 2: 1055.
(71) To Hoover, 2 April 1965, Bronx, New York, in FBI File, reel 6: 429.
(72) To Hoover, 12 February 1968, Wilmington, Delaware, in FBI File, reel 13: 78.
(73) To Hoover, 10 March 1965, Winfield, Kansas, in FBI File, reel 5:828.
(74) To Hoover, 28 May 1963, Waco, Texas, in FBI File, reel 1: 732.
(75) 'Matin Luther King at Communist training school', in FBI File, reel 2: 641.
(76) Nick Kotz, Judgment Days: Lyndon Baines Johnson, Martin Luther King Jr, and the Laws that Changed America, Houghton Mifflin, Boston, 2005.
(77) Judge L Warren to Hoover, 28 July 1964, Philadelphia, Mississippi, in FBI File, 3: 953; Sheriff L Rainey to Hoover, 28 July 1964, Philadelphia, Mississippi, in FBI File, reel 3: 957.
(78) To Sen. Russell, 14 October 1966, in FBI File, reel 11: 27.
(79) Most death threats seemed to come via telephone calls.
(80) To the FBI, 28 August 1963, Kansas City, in FBI File, reel 1: 987.
(81) Internal document, 5 August 1966, in Dallas, Texas, in FBI File, reel 10: 453.
(82) To Hoover, 9 March 1965, Indianapolis, Indiana, in FBI File, reel 5: 813.
(83) To Hoover, 18 December 1964, Liberty, Mississippi, in FBI File, reel 4: 1012.
(84) To Hoover, 15 August 1965, Houston, Texas, in FBI File, reel 7: 966.
(85) James H Austin, Chase, Chance, and Creativity: The Lucky Art of Novelty, Columbia University Press Columbia University Press is an academic press based in New York City and affiliated with Columbia University. It is currently directed by James D. Jordan (2004-present) and publishes titles in the humanities and sciences, including the fields of literary and cultural studies, , New York, 1978, 3.
COPYRIGHT 2007 University of Melbourne Postgraduate Association
No portion of this article can be reproduced without the express written permission from the copyright holder.
Copyright 2007 Gale, Cengage Learning. All rights reserved.
 Reader Opinion
