Youth sports league molds athletes into role models
advertisement
Breaking up might be hard to do, but R&B singer Raheem DeVaughn isn’t one to wallow or wait.
Prince George’s Community College Music FESTIVALWhen: 12:30 p.m., Black Alley; 1:45 p.m., Be'La Donna; 3 p.m., Eclipse International; 4:30 p.m., Raheem Devaughn Where: Prince George’s Community College’s Largo campus, in front of the Novak Field House Tickets: FreeFor information: www.pgcc.edu
After the split from his longtime record label, Jive, the three-time Grammy-nominated singer has decided to make waves on his own, launching an Internet radio station, Blis.fm , and releasing an independent EP titled “Destination LoveLand” for free.
“I wanted to put out something for the fans and for the music lovers out there to say thanks for riding with me all these years,” DeVaughn said.
Fans can hear the new tracks when DeVaughn headlines the Prince George’s Community College Music Festival on Saturday. The festival, from noon to 6 p.m. at the Largo campus, also will feature performances by Be’la Dona, Black Alley and Eclipse Band, as well as food and children’s activities.
Raised in Prince George’s county, DeVaughn graduated from High Point High School in Beltsville and credits the D.C. music scene for helping develop him as an artist through open mic nights and other gigs.
“I pretty much wear it on my sleeve, everything that I’ve seen go on, transpire, growing up. I write from personal experience or from what I think someone else is experiencing,” he said.
DeVaughn continues to be based out of the Washington area, and was given a key to the city last year by D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray on May 5, which also was the singer’s 36th birthday. He is involved in many social and political causes in the region, such as working with school children, promoting HIV and AIDS awareness and domestic violence prevention.
Citing influences such as Marvin Gaye and Prince, DeVaughn’s music also is influenced by hip-hop. On his critically acclaimed third album, “The Love & War MasterPeace,” the singer mixes jams fit for the bedroom with politically savvy tunes steeped in social commentary.
“I like to think that whether I make socially conscious music or just a regular groove there is always an undertone of hip-hop in the way that I flow over the beat, as far as the arrangement vocally.”
The album’s first single, “Bulletproof,” featured rapper Ludacris and was a song that DeVaughn calls his favorite because it pushed him “creatively to the limit.”
“As an artist you challenge yourself. At the end of the day you push yourself to the limit, you are surprised with the results,” he says.
After the split from Jive — a situation he says he “outgrew” — DeVaughn became interested in being a part of the changing music industry with the creation of his Internet radio station. He hosts a live show aptly titled “The Raheem DeVaughn Show” from 7 to 9 p.m. Sundays, where he enjoys being the gatekeeper of both music and discussion topics.
“I wanted to have a platform that is away from the norm; that was uncensored. Something where I could talk about whatever I want to talk about, where I could play whatever I want to play,” he said. “Radio is a new platform for me, so my biggest thing about taking on anything new like that is to do it convincingly and be passionate about it, be sincere about it, and to have it be received that way.”
The radio station’s website also is the portal to the free EP that is a prelude to DeVaughn’s upcoming fourth album, titled “A Place Called LoveLand,” tentatively scheduled to be released by the end of the summer.
Through his music, DeVaughn says he hopes to also trigger memories for his listener and inspire them with messages of love and peace.
“I just try to make honest music,” he said.
ccalamaio@gazette.net
