Wednesday, June 1, 2011
Afro Latina: Nona Gaye
This gorgeous woman is the daughter of the late Marvin Gaye, who, after his divorce from first wife, Anna Gordy, (Berry Gordy's sister), married Janis Hunter.
Before I go deep inside the family tree, I would like to share a little about Nona.  She was born in 1974.  She released her first musical effort, Love for the Future, at the tender age of 18 in 1992 under the Third/Stone Atlantic label.  She was only 14 when she was signed to that label.  She had her difficulty with substance abuse but seems to have rebounded well.  Music was probably what was expected of her given her family's musical legacy.  Not only was her father Marvin "Let's Get it On" Gaye and her Uncle Frankie, a songwriter, but her grandfather was Cuban jazz notable Slim Gaillard, who rose to prominence in the 1930s.
Despite her musical lineage, acting is what has allowed her to find her own voice in her heavy weight family.  Fresh out of the gate, she won a supporting role opposite Will Smith in the 2001 movie, Ali as her debut role.  She also played Zee in the Matrix sequels, replacing the late singer Aaliyah, who died in a plane crash.  Nona also did voice over work for the 2004 movie The Polar Express, playing the Hero Girl (whoever that character was . . . I never saw that movie.)
She is definitely her own woman . . . beautiful and Afro Latina with a little Irish and Greek in there, too.  Now, more pictures . . .
 
To me, she looks like her father.  It may be why her middle name is Marvisa.  Amazing that I found pictures of both of them with their faces at the same angle.  Here are some other family photos and photos of her.
Here she is with her brother, Marvin Gaye III, Anna's son
 She is 5' 10", which allowed her to also have a career in modeling.
Here she is with her mother, Janis Hunter Gaye
 What follows are pictures of her parents, Marvin Gaye and Janis (Hunter) Gaye.
 And here is her grandfather, Cuban jazz musician, Slim Gaillard.  I could find no pictures of her grandmother, Barbara Hunter, Janis' mother.
I just had to include this picture of him with Lionel Hampton, my husband's former band leader!
 Did I ever tell you that my husband was the Musical Director for the Lionel Hampton Orchestra?  Hence, my love of this picture (above).
Slim tocando el piano.  El es tan guapo, si?
There it is.  She has a son and may have other children, too.  He's a cutey pie.  I opted not to include her children here.  
Today is the 40th anniversary of the release of Marvin Gaye's "What's Going On?" album.  
