included: Scans | NFO | EAC stats | mediainfo.txt
Track List
1. I Heard It Through The Grapevine
2. Let's Get It On
3. Too Busy Thinking 'bout My Baby
4. How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You)
5. You're All I Need To Get By - Gaye, Marvin & Tammi Terrell
6. Got To Give It Up
7. You Are Everything - Gaye, Marvin & Diana Ross
8. Can I Get A Witness
9. I'll Be Doggone
11. Abraham Martin And John
12. It Takes Two - Gaye, Marvin & Kim Weston
13. Stop Look Listen (To Your Heart) - Gaye, Marvin & Diana Ross
14. Chained
16. You Ain't Livin' Till You're Lovin' - Gaye, Marvin & Tammi Terrell
17. Onion Song - Gaye, Marvin & Tammi Terrell
18. Wherever I Lay My Hat (That's My Home)
Biography
Marvin Pentz Gaye, Jr. (April 2, 1939 – April 1, 1984), better known by his
stage name Marvin Gaye, was an American singer-songwriter and
instrumentalist with a three-octave vocal range. Starting as a member of the
doo-wop group The Moonglows in the late fifties, he ventured into a solo
career after the group disbanded in 1960 signing with the Tamla subsidiary
of Motown Records. After starting off as a session drummer, Gaye ranked as
the label's top-selling solo artist during the sixties.
Because of solo hits such as "How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved by You)", "Ain't
That Peculiar", "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" and his duet singles with
singers such as Mary Wells and Tammi Terrell, he was crowned "The Prince
of Motown" and "The Prince of Soul".
His mid-1970s work including the What's Going On, Let's Get It On and I Want
You albums helped influence the quiet storm, urban adult contemporary and
slow jam genres. After a self-imposed European exile in the early eighties,
Gaye returned on the 1982 Grammy-winning hit, "Sexual Healing" and the
Midnight Love album before his death. Gaye was shot dead by his father on
April 1, 1984. He was posthumously inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of
Fame in 1987.
In 2008, the American music magazine Rolling Stone ranked Gaye #6 on its
list of The Greatest Singers of All Time, and ranked #18 on 100 Greatest
Artists of All Time.
He was born Marvin Pentz Gay Jr. on April 2, 1939, in Washington, D.C.,
where he dreamed of singing before large crowds; he joined a co-founded a
local doo-wop group, the Marquees, who were spotted by Harvey Fuqua,
who made them his new Moonglows. Marvin arrived in Detroit on tour with
the Moonglows and stayed, as did Harvey, and Marvin was signed to
Motown just based on raw singing talent. He was also a songwriter, an OK
drummer—and handsome as hell. He wanted to sing jazz, to croon Tin Pan
Alley standards, but that didn’t pan out. Motown founder Berry Gordy
encouraged Marvin to sing R&B, and once Gaye sang the soulful (and
autobiographical) “Stubborn Kind Of Fellow” in 1962, stardom enveloped
him. The incendiary “Hitch Hike,” “Pride And Joy,” and “Can I Get A
Witness” sold like crazy in 1963, and Marvin oozed silky sexiness on the
1965 classics “How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You),” “I’ll Be Doggone” and
“Ain’t That Peculiar.”
By 1968's immortal “I Heard It Through The Grapevine,” and on a series of
electrifying duets with Mary Wells, Kim Weston (“It Takes Two”), and his
ultimate singing partner, the ravishing but ill-fated Tammi Terrell (“Ain’t No
Mountain High Enough,” et al), Gaye was a commercial force. He soon
became recognized as an artistic one as well.
At decade’s turn, Marvin seized full control of his output with the deeply
personal, socially aware 1971 masterpiece What’s Going On, which
produced three hit singles: the title track, “Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna
Holler)” and “Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology).” He defied expectations again
with “Trouble Man,” a 1972 hit single featured in his haunting, jazzy score of
the movie of the same name. He zoomed to the top of the charts with his
passionate Let’s Get It On, while delivering a pop confection in Diana and
Marvin, his duet album with Motown’s queen, Diana Ross. I Want You,
released in 1976, was another sensual masterwork, a meditation on
obsessive love that was also No. 1. Marvin made his personal life public
through his songs, and it was never more evident in 1978’s Here, My Dear, a
sprawling double-album chronicling his divorce from Anna Gordy, Berry’s
sister. Even his No. 1 dance classic from 1977, “Got To Give It Up,” a studio
cut added to flesh out the double-LP Live At The London Palladium, was
about the singer's reluctance to get loose on the dance floor.
Marvin left Motown in 1981, with the politically tinged album In Our Lifetime.
He fled to London, then Belgium, where he created for Columbia Records
“Sexual Healing,” his first Grammy® winner. But another hit was not
salvation from his demons. On April 1, 1984, one day before his 45th
birthday, Marvin was shot to death by his father.
Marvin’s influence reaches across the generations. He was rightfully among
only the second group of artists honored with induction into the Rock and
Roll Hall of Fame, in 1987. More recently, Marvin was No. 6 on Rolling Stone’s
list of the 100 Greatest Singers Of All Time. “Motown Week” on American Idol
2009 (Season 8) featured remaining contestants singing not one but two of
Marvin’s songs. His records—and his ringtones and his DVDs—are still
going gold.
He would have been 70 this year, but Marvin Gaye will go on forever.
Enjoy!!!
