Jesse L. Martin On “Marvin Gaye” Project & What’s Next…
By Tambay , on June 1st, 2010
I believe this is the first time I’ve actually heard him talk about the project.
Lifted from an interview Jesse L, Martin held with Gothamist magazine , posted on their site this morning, advertising Martin’s participation in the 2010 season of The Public Theater’s Shakespeare in the Park, in NYC, which begins June 9.
Q. I’ve been hearing news of you playing Marvin Gaye in an upcoming movie, but I’ve been hearing that news since 2006. Is that project on hold? When can we expect it?
A. I know, I know…It’s been one of those things that’s been literally bouncing around. I mean, right now there’s no real story to tell, as far as that is concerned. The only thing I could say is that it is something that I’ve been wanting to do for quite a long time, but the universe hasn’t quite handed it to me yet, so to speak.
Q. What’s next for you after this?
A. I’m not really sure. I think I might want to get into development, as in developing my own sort of piece, whether it be for the stage or the big screen or for television. I think I’m reaching an age where either you sit around and wait for the perfect opportunities to come, which we all know are few and far between, or you start creating those opportunities, which I think is what I’m going to concentrate on, creating them.
As we’ve previously reported on this blog, in total, there are 3 Marvin Gaye films in the works. We know that F. Gary Gray has been trying to get  his Marvin Gaye  project  off the ground ; and we also know that Jesse   L Martin is attached to star as the soulful singer in a   film directed by newcomer, Lauren Goodman; lastly director Cameron Crowe has been working on a Marvin  Gaye project for almost 4 years, with most recent news stating that Terrence Howard was in talks to play the man.
Will all 3 see it through   production and distribution? Who knows! Although, as much as I love Marvin Gaye, 3   biopics, all scheduled to be released within a year or two of each   other, will be overkill. But I think most agree that Jesse L Martin is a shoe-in! However, from his comment above, it looks like the project is stuck in limbo, indefinitely. It’ll likely be one of those scenarios in which some industry person with money and/power/influence “discovers” the project and steps in to get the ball rolling on it again.
As for what he’ll be doing after his “Shakespeare In The Park” stint, he’s right when he says he’s going to have to become aggressive and start packaging his own projects, instead of waiting for a studio to give him an opportunity, which may never come!
