Collins' Oldies Website: Marvin Gaye
The Vandellas' voices drown out Marvin's, but if you listen closely, you will find that his character loves the girl "like a baby boy loves his toy." That's why the Vandellas sing the title and "baby boy" most of the time.
As far as I can tell, he's telling the people that his girlfriend is treating him unfairly, so he wants one of the people to act as a witness for him, to tell her how badly she is treating him.
During the first half-minute, Marvin speaks about how false marriage vows really are: marriages are supposed to last "till death do us part," but most deteriorate long before then, as was the case with the narrator's marriage.
www.srv.net /~roxtar/gaye_marvin.html   (2629 words)
 
Amazon.co.uk: The Very Best of Marvin Gaye: Music: Marvin Gaye   (Site not responding. Last check: )
Marvin Gaye had become one of the most influential singer and songwriters in soul music history.
Marvin Gayes' recording career spans back to the dawn of the swinging sixties when Motown Records was beginning to make its mark in the world by becoming commonly known as "the sound of young America".
Gaye is put more in touch with his spiritual side on the timeless and poignant Mercy,Mercy Me which, with its rolling arrangements that has a really sharp, soulful edge, conveys Gayes vocal power which was simply going from strength to strength.
www.amazon.co.uk /Very-Best-Marvin-Gaye/dp/B00005LZT9   (2300 words)
 
Amazon.com: What's Going on: Music: Marvin Gaye   (Site not responding. Last check: )
Gaye co-wrote the songs and produced the album, flavoring it with layer upon layer of his own multi-tracked vocals , oceans of hand percussion, strings, flutes, and jazzy horn solos.
Marvin Gaye is without a doubt one of the greatest singing talents to ever grace the sound of music .
Marvin Gaye was a beautiful human being, and he literally poured out every emotion onto this record.
www.amazon.com /What-s-Going-Marvin-Gaye/dp/B00007FOMP   (2117 words)
 
Gale - Free Resources - Black History - Biographies - Marvin Penze Gaye   (Site not responding. Last check: )
Marvin Gaye ( originally Gay) was the second of four children of Alberta and Marvin Gay, Sr., a minister.
Of his relationship with his father, Gaye would later say: "Living with my father was like living with a king, a very peculiar, changeable, cruel, and all-powerful king." That Marvin would, as a teenager, turn to more secular pleasures like sex, Viceroy cigarettes, and doo-wop music defied his father's uncompromising expectations.
Marvin Gay, Sr., was later acquitted of his son's murder, claiming that he acted in self-defense.
www.gale.com /free_resources/bhm/bio/gaye_m.htm   (1796 words)
 
Woolworths.co.uk   (Site not responding. Last check: )
Marvin Gaye - The Real Thing - In Performance 1964 - 1981 features for the first time on DVD, 25 classic full-length performances from American and European television appearances, spanning three decades.
This DVD gives a rare insight in the diverse aspects of Marvin Gaye's personal and musical world, with exclusive views/opinion from his family on his approach to life, his music ...
Marvin Gaye - The Real Thing In Performance 1964 - 1981 features for the first time on DVD, 25 classic full-length performances from American and European television appearances, spanning three decades.
www.woolworths.co.uk /ww_p2/search/search.jhtml?fh_search=Marvin+Gaye   (243 words)
  
Marvin Gaye
After the initial triumphs of Marvin, Mary Wells , the Marvelettes , Martha Reeves and the Vandellas, the Miracles , the Supremes, Four Tops, The Temptations and Stevie Wonder in the early to mid-sixties, the second phase of Motown's bestselling saga was ushered in by the brilliant producer Norman Whitfield .
Marvin claimed Norman's arrangements were too high for his voice, forcing him to strain and limiting his capacity to interpret.
Marvin also dispelled the notion that pop and gospel didn't mix by invoking whole prayers in the center of his suite and calling out to Jesus.
afgen.com /marvin.html   (4325 words)
