sponsored by
Jesse L. Martin Talks Marvin Gaye Biopic: "It's Impossible To Get Made; May Do It On Stage"
by Tambay A. Obenson |                 Fri Apr 22 07:20:11 EDT 2011
9 Comments
"(Making the film is) impossible. It's just not... I don't know (if it'll happen). I mean, I just sort of threw that one up to the universe and said, 'If it's meant to be, it'll be', but it seems impossible to put together, it really does. It just hasn't happened... There's five or six (other Gaye projects) in the works. I actually feel less pressure. There's so many stories out there trying to happen that it just seems like it might be impossible. Nobody's done it yet. We haven't done it, nobody else has either, so there seems to be a reason you haven't seen that story on the big screen yet. I don't know what it is, but we're gonna have to change tactics and do it on stage, or something like that. That would actually be a great idea! So we'll see, we'll see."
Recent comments from actor Jesse L. Martin, speaking to WENN , who has long been attached to star in a Marvin Gaye biopic, in a film that was to be directed by newcomer, Lauren Goodman.
As I think I've said before, I'm not holding my breath on this, or any of the other Marvin Gaye films in development; We'll probably see a Soulja Boy biopic before a Marvin Gaye film :)
Once again... here are the many projects announced in recent years that have been announced, but have yet to see the light of day.
The rundown… We know that F. Gary Gray has long been trying to get his Marvin Gaye project off the ground; and director Cameron Crowe has been working on a Marvin Gaye project for almost 4 years, with most recent news stating that Terrence Howard was in talks to play the man (previously offered to Will Smith); and lastly, a 4th Marvin Gaye project is to be directed by Brit Julien Temple, tentatively titled Midnight Love (named after the album Marvin Gaye recorded in Brussels in the early 80s), and will focus on the making of the Midnight Love album, while Gaye was living in Belgium – a drug addict, essentially considered something of a has-been; though, as I reported a couple of weeks ago, Janis Gaye, the late singers second and last wife (he was married twice), doesn't approve of Temple's project, because it would "focus on his drug abuse, on other negative aspects of his life.”
Which will reach the finish line first, if at all? *Kanye shrug*
get email updates
