Thursday 15 July 2010 22.00 BST
Earth Wind and Fire
Here Film&Music writers pick 10 pop heroes who, if not unsung, are at least undersung – and explain why they matter and how they changed music. Some of them were superstars, but their commercial success obscured the extent of their influence. Some managed just one great thing, but that single achievement would echo through pop for years. Some of them were just so uncool that no one but their fans took any notice – then those fans became musicians and spread their sound far and wide. We begin with an interview with one of the most far-reaching funk bands of all time...
Earth Wind and Fire
When? 1969-1983, 1987-present
Claim to greatness: the biggest funk band of all time
It seems almost perverse to suggest that Earth Wind and Fire haven't been given their dues. The group have won six Grammy awards, been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and sales of over 90m albums in the US alone make them one of the biggest commercial successes in pop history. Yet when lists are compiled of the artists rock critics routinely cite as having irrevocably changed the direction of music, the Los Angeles-by-way-of-Chicago outfit rarely get a mention.
"I think, sometimes, when there's a lot of commercial success, you could be taken less seriously," says Verdine White, who joined the group in 1970 to play bass and remains, apart from his brother, band founder Maurice, their longest-standing member. "At the end of the day, we probably ended up selling a lot more records than the acts that critics like. But we were never press freaks – we were music freaks."
Although their commercial heyday, and hits such as September and Boogie Wonderland, coincided with the disco era, there was always more to EWF than playing floorfillers for flare-wearers. While the singles stressed their pop side, the albums revealed a band of superlative jazz players, capable of switching from folk to doo-wop to Latin, and who couched everything in the argot of funk. It's little wonder they influenced other musicians: there can't have been many bands who ever truly enjoyed EWF's level of creative freedom.
"It was a lot of fun," agrees Philip Bailey, who joined in 1972. "It was musicians experimenting and challenging themselves, and growing at the same time. It was kind of an unreal situation, but when I talk to people who were a part of the Motown era, or of any of the great sports teams, all of them say the same kind of thing. A lot of planets had to align: it wasn't only who we were and where the culture was at the time – it was where everybody else was, too. You can't really say that you did it: we were just part of it."
Maurice White, already a veteran as a session drummer for the Chess label in Chicago, started his own band, the Salty Peppers, in the city in 1969. Feeling they couldn't fulfil their potential where they were, White moved the group to Los Angeles and gave them their new name. Their formative influences were provided by Sly and the Family Stone and, in particular, George Clinton.
"George Clinton was a big reason why we learned to do funk really good," Verdine says. "George is a cosmic dude from the waist down – he kept it to the streets; we were cosmic from the chest up. We did a gig with him at the Armory in [Washington] DC in about 1972. We came on with our little pop thing, then George came on with a groove so heavy he wiped the floor with us. We went back to LA and Maurice hammered that funk on-the-one until we got it."
Their first release had been the hugely influential soundtrack to Melvin van Peebles's ultra low-budget movie, Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song in 1971: predating both Isaac Hayes's Shaft score and Curtis Mayfield's soundtrack to Superfly, the album came to define the musical manifestation of the blaxploitation film genre. By 1972, with two of their own albums under their belts, the group underwent a final major upheaval, which saw Bailey recruited, initially as lead singer. He ended up as part of a two-vocalist front line with Maurice that gave EWF their signature sound, and which Bailey says was partly patterned on the harmonies of Sergio Mendes's Brasil 66.
The band's third album saw the hard work coalesce and the public begin to embrace the band in significant numbers. By their fifth, 1975's That's the Way of the World, they were global superstars. But it took a while for the realisation to dawn that it wasn't just fans who were paying attention to their euphoric fusions of different styles.
"I hadn't really been aware of the contribution we'd made to the fabric of musicianship until we went on our hiatus in the 80s," Bailey says, before ruefully correcting himself. "Not 'hiatus' – we didn't go on hiatus, we broke up. We were so in our own world of making music that we didn't really see the forest for the trees."
"It was our third album that got [R&B super-producers] Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis together," says Verdine. "Jimmy told me that they were in school when it came out, Terry played him the album, and they bonded over that record. That's deep, isn't it? You never know the influence you have."
Apart from this pivotal, if accidental, involvement in the careers of Jam & Lewis protegees such as Prince and Janet Jackson, EWF have continued to inspire new generations. Their 1970s hits lived on during the 80s and 90s as their catalogue was sampled by everyone from EPMD and LL Cool J to Public Enemy and DJ Shadow. Their most recent studio album, 2005's Illumination, found them working with younger kindred spirits such as will.i.am and OutKast. Bailey is currently finishing a new album that heads off in an electronica direction, and is increasingly excited by social networking as a means of promoting his new music (as well as a website, www.philipbailey.com, he has, perhaps unusually for a 59-year-old, set up Facebook and Twitter pages). He has just recorded with Cee-Lo Green of Gnarls Barkley fame, while last month he and Phil Collins performed their 1984 hit Easy Lover together for the first time since it was released.
Still touring and recording – though Maurice White's health has prevented him playing live with them since the early 90s – the group return to Britain for gigs next week in venues many newer, hipper bands would kill to fill. Not a bad legacy for a group that always seem to get overlooked when the arbiters of cool select the icons who have shaped pop history.
"Time will judge what significance we have had on this industry," says Bailey. "My whole focus is to just remain true to what I do. I don't even read the reviews, because you can get too high on the good ones and too low on the bad. I'm more in tune with going forward than resting on anything that we've done. I let the people judge." Angus Batey
Hear them here: bit.ly/ewf75
Without them, there's no … multifaceted, cross-cultural pop music as we know it
The Greatest Hits is released on Monday on CMG. EWF play Manchester MEN Arena on 20 July, Birmingham NIA Arena  on 21 July and London O2 on 22 July.
Laura Nyro
When? 1966-1997
Claim to greatness: The first non-folk female singer-songwriter
She defied all categories in the late 60s, and Laura Nyro's music makes more sense now, after four decades of her influence trickling down. A pop-loving teenage beatnik, after school she would head for the stairwells of subway stations to sing doo-wop; she also loved Broadway musicals, jazz and Debussy. All of those strands mingled on her 1967 debut More Than a New Discovery, released when she was just 18, and older artists such as the 5th Dimension (Wedding Bell Blues), Blood Sweat & Tears (And When I Die) and Barbra Streisand (Stoney End) plundered it for Top 10 hits. At the Monterey Pop Festival the same year she had appeared in a long black gown with a single batwing and no flowers in her hair; the hippies were confused and unappreciative, and she left the stage in tears. Nyro always wrapped her zaftig figure in black, and songs such as Captain for Dark Mornings have a ripe sensuality not heard again until Kate Bush almost a decade later: "If I could, I'd live inside a Gauguin," she told reporters. Up until her death, she was still flying the flag for womankind – on her last album, 1993's Walk the Dog and Light the Light, was a song called The Descent of Luna Rose, dedicated to her period. If Joni Mitchell provided the literary aesthetic, Laura Nyro was all about the body: hers was passionate, physical music. Bob Stanley
Without her there's no … Kate Bush, Stevie Nicks, Björk
Teddy Riley
When? 1984-present
Claim to greatness: Probably the most influential producer/writer/performer in post-rap R&B music
Even before he became a star, Teddy Riley was already something of a legend. As a teenager he helped Doug E Fresh turn The Show from a string of good hooks into a hit, and produced singles for Kool Moe Dee. Although he didn't coin the phrase "new jack swing", the style – an uptempo marriage of smooth soul and sample-based hip-hop beats – became synonymous with Riley. By the time he produced and rapped on a song of that name by Wreckx-n-Effect, his brother's group, in 1989, he'd already found fame as one third of the group Guy, and had produced and written the definitive swingbeat hit, Bobby Brown's My Prerogative, and in 1991 Michael Jackson drafted him in to produce three tracks for his Dangerous album. His careers as producer and performer existed in parallel: following Guy's split, Riley formed the four-piece vocal group Blackstreet, whose 1996 single No Diggity was a global chart-topper, and his influence expanded. He discovered the Neptunes – Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo – and gave them their first production work on Blackstreet's 1992 debut album. If Riley's been great at the music, however, he's been less successful at the business. He spent most of the 90s in dispute with his former manager, and by the time his Virginia Beach studio was destroyed by fire in 2008 it was already up for sale, with Riley owing a six-figure sum in back taxes and reportedly reduced to selling platinum discs on eBay. But he seems to be on the way back: he produced parts of recent LPs by Snoop Dogg and Robin Thicke, and a new Blackstreet album is scheduled. Angus Batey
Hear him here: bit.ly/rileynodiggity
Without him, there's no … contemporary R&B
Mike Leander
When? 1961-1996
Claim to greatness: The godfather of glam rock and pioneer of the "Glitter beat"
Mike Leander began his working life as an office junior in a music publishing company, but made time to study orchestration at music college, enabling him to move into arrangement and production, with a distinctive string-laden classical-pop style that made him one of the major arrangers and producers of the 1960s – his work can be heard on 1960s staples such as the Drifters' Under the Boardwalk, which he arranged and produced, and the Beatles' She's Leaving Home, which used his string arrangement. His most lasting legacy – albeit one tainted by the crimes of his musical partner – came in the early 70s, when he took a singer he'd worked with before with no success, and transformed him into the most recognisable symbol of glam rock. Paul Raven (the stage name of Paul Gadd), was fitted out with silver lamé costumes, hair and makeup, and renamed Gary Glitter. Leander took apart the original sound of rock'n'roll and reconfigured it for him, paring it back to call-and-reponse verses and chorus and a pounding, almost tribal beat, with caveman riffs played on electric guitar. Leander wrote, arranged and produced 11 consecutive Top 10 Glitter hits, playing every instrument bar the horns himself. The distinctive "Glitter beat" was created on floor tom and snare, seemingly compressed into a brutally flat sound, and it has become a staple sound in pop, widely imitated – it even made an unlikely appearance as the killer hook in the song Atlas, a breakthrough for the art-rock band Battles in 2007. Dave Simpson
Hear him here: bit.ly/mikeleander
Without him, there's no … Adam and the Ants, the Fall, Gorillaz
Michael Viner's Incredible Bongo Band
When? 1972-1975
Claim to greatness: The inventors of breakbeats
When Michael Viner, the head of MGM's soundtrack division, needed some music for a chase sequence that had been hastily added to the studio's 1972 B-movie The Thing with Two Heads, he brought a bunch of LA session players together in the company's studio to record a cover of Preston Epps's 1950s hit Bongo Rock. Released as a single, the track was enough of a success to have Viner and chums record a follow-up album – also called Bongo Rock – which mixed big-band funk versions of unlikely covers (Apache, In a Gadda Da Vida) with original instrumentals. A 1974 follow-up, The Return of the Incredible Bongo Band, reunited the players from the first LP (bongo master King Errisson; the former Traffic drummer and co-writer of Eric Clapton's hit Layla – and future murderer – Jim Gordon; and the Oscar-winning songwriter and arranger Perry Botkin Jr) and brought in guests including the uncredited Glen Campbell and John Lennon. The music of IBB would have remained a minor footnote in pop history had it not been for Clive "Kool Herc" Campbell making Bongo Rock and Apache staples of his DJ sets. Not only did the percussion-heavy tracks appeal to Herc's streetwise fans in the Bronx, but when he cottoned on to the idea of taking two copies of the same record to extend the drum break, he invented breakbeats. Had Bongo Rock never been recorded, Herc would likely have come up with the same technique using a different record. But he didn't, and the Incredible Bongo Band's place as pop's most far-reaching accidental innovators was sealed. Angus Batey
Hear them here: bit.ly/bongoband
Without them, there's no … hip-hop, loop-based dance music, samplers
Mick Green
When? 1960-2010
Claim to greatness: He pioneered simultaneous lead and rhythm guitar
One of the early – if not quite the earliest – British rock'n'roll guitarists, Mick Green, is almost a textbook case of an unsung but hugely influential guitar hero. As the guitarist with Johnny Kidd & the Pirates in the early 60s, Green's ability to play lead and rhythm guitar simultaneously was the key influence on British guitarists from Pete Townshend to George Harrison. But his influence didn't stop with the 60s. Canvey Island's pre-punk rockers Dr Feelgood named themselves after a Pirates song, and their guitarist Wilko Johnson was hugely influenced by Green's slashing style – which predated punk and metal – calling him "the absolute master". With the Pirates reformed in the late 70s (Kidd had died in 1966) Green found himself heralded as a forefather of punk, and his style echoed by post-punk bands such as Gang of Four, whose Andy Gill was in debt to Johnson, and therefore to Green. When you add in the scores of groups who've tried to replicated Gill's style over the last decade, you get an idea of how vast Green's reach turned out to be. His importance in British rock was remembered earlier this year, when he died – and Paul McCartney paid tribute to "one of the original rock heroes". Dave Simpson
Hear them here: bit.ly/mickgreen
Without him, there's no … Dr Feelgood, Gang of Four or maybe even punk-funk
10cc
When? 1972-1976 and 1977-1983
Claim to greatness: Pioneers of post-Beatles studio pop who anticipated the hi-tech, meta-pop of the 80s
10cc were the missing link between the British beat boom of the 60s and the MTV-era pop of the 80s – a unique position. Graham Gouldman had been a hit songwriter – penning, among many others, For Your Love for the Yardbirds – and Eric Stewart was a former member of Wayne Fontana and the Mindbenders. They joined forces with art-school kids Kevin Godley and Lol Creme to form 10cc in 1972. The former pair wrote the pop hits, the latter the art-pop experiments. Their early singles were as smart and sharp as Sparks or Steely Dan, as intricate and complex as prog rock, and as pointed and acerbic as Frank Zappa, but more concise. Their albums 10cc (1973) and Sheet Music (1974) pushed the boundaries of pop, with four multi-instrumentalists, songwriters and vocalists who also handled the production, arrangements and engineering. Their 1975 album The Original Soundtrack contained two landmarks: the UK No 1 I'm Not In Love, with 250 overdubbed voices forming a gossamer choir and whose layered sound turned the head of Trevor Horn, who used it as a blueprint for his lavish 80s productions; and Une Nuit a Paris, a three-part, nine-minute pop opera that encouraged Queen to make Bohemian Rhapsody. In 1976, Godley and Creme left; they later had hits in their own right and became trailblazing video directors for Frankie Goes to Hollywood and U2; under Gouldman and Stewart's stewardship, 10cc were successful but less inventive. But their tempo-twitching methods were everywhere in the 80s, from XTC's brainiac post-punk to Prefab Sprout's lush pop. And when Creme joined sound collagists Art of Noise in the 90s, it made perfect sense, just as it did when turntablist supremo J Dilla cut and pasted the eminently sampleable 10cc not once but twice in the noughties. Paul Lester
Hear them here: bit.ly/10ccband
Without them, there's no ... Art of Noise, Air, or clever, modern soft rock
Daphne Oram
When? 1943-1994
Claim to greatness: She brought electronic music to the British mainstream
A Mary Whitehouse lookalike might not be the most obvious pioneer of electronic music, but DJs and clubbers owe a lot to Daphne Oram. Born in Wiltshire in 1925, Oram become a BBC sound engineer during the second world war and fell in love with the new tape-recording technology that was driving avant-garde music. She would hide in the studio at night, inventing her own machines to create compositions, and soon realised that these techniques could add new dimensions to TV and radio. Badgering her bosses to create a new music department, her determination was finally rewarded in 1958, when she became the first studio manager of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop. Under her guidance, the workshop introduced sound effects and unusual ideas to the homes of the nation, giving a very particular atmosphere to a period when space travel and the prospect of nuclear war were making the future appear both thrilling and terrifying. Oram became disappointed by the BBC's lack of support for her more challenging ideas, and left the workshop in 1960 to set up her own studio in Kent, where she invented her own system of composition, Oramics (which turned pictures into sounds) and wrote film scores. Always interested in the link between musician and machine, Oram spent her later years writing and lecturing, before she suffered a stroke in 1994 and died in 2003. True to her spirit, her archive is accessible to the public, and housed by the Sonic Arts Network at Goldsmiths College, London. Jude Rogers
Hear her here: bit.ly/daphneoram
Without her, there's no …  BBC Radiophonic Workshop,  M/A/R/R/S, S-Express, Orbital or retro-futurist pop by the likes of Broadcast
Ralph Peer
When? Circa 1910-1960
Claim to greatness: He accidentally stumbled on country music's mother lode in Tennessee in summer, 1927
The legend has it that both sessions were on the same day; the truth is that they probably fell within a fortnight. Either way, in August 1927, RCA record scout Ralph Peer made the first recordings of both the Carter Family and Jimmie Rodgers, founders of what came to be known as country music. And his subsequent involvement in managing both artists' careers – crucially, encouraging them to record their own songs rather than covers – means his role in establishing country in the US and beyond is fundamental. His impact is comparable to that of blues field recordist Alan Lomax, or the legendary talent scout John Hammond, yet Peer's name remains little known. Apart from spells in the navy, he spent his entire working life in the music business. Even before he met Rodgers and the Carters, he'd already recorded dozens of bluesmen, inaugurating the marketing genre that for some years was known as "race records" – songs by black artists, aimed at black audiences. A sort of Simon Cowell in reverse, Peer realised early on that performers could make more money for themselves – and for their publishers – if they wrote their own material. He kept his hitmaking touch through the great depression, and didn't let the second world war derail him – he went to explore South America and returned with publishing rights to songs that would go on to become huge global hits for generations, such as Mas Que Nada and Mambo No 5. Angus Batey
Hear his stuff here: bit.ly/ralphpeer
Without him, there's no ... singer-songwriters, country, "world" music
When? 1978-present
Claim to greatness: The first electro-pop superstar
Are "Friends" Electric was the first major hit indebted to the bowel-shaking, rock-friendly strengths of the synthesiser. Unlike the Human League, shy Middlesex boy Gary Numan had nothing against guitars, and understood well how to blend electronics with post-punk's energy and alienation, and he anticipated the disorientating frequencies of techno and rave by adding sonar-depth bass pulses to the bass guitar lines. What's more, the classic albums sequence of Replicas, The Pleasure Principle and Telekon were mostly played by musicians, in real time, without sequencers: some of the timing on Replicas is decidedly shonky, but that only complements Numan's lyrics about the uneasy relationship between man and machine. When the hits tailed off, his journey into industrial rock (starting with Warriors in 1982) proved noisily influential on Marilyn Manson and Nine Inch Nails. In fact, Numan's genius was to effectively bring the future into the present. His voice, pitched midway between Gene Pitney and a dalek, has always divided opinion, and a compulsive honesty ("There's no point in lying, saying I am doing really, really well, because I'm not. I'm cult level") that once led the press to lampoon him has conversely contributed to his critical rehabilitation, and his championing by new artists such as Little Boots. If you wouldn't yet call him a national treasure, time has revealed him to be a very English, very suburban eccentric. Bob Stanley
Hear him here: bit.ly/gnuman
Without him there's no … OMD, Depeche Mode, Nine Inch Nails, Marilyn Manson
Give us your recommendations for other undersung artists at guardian.co.uk/music/musicblog
