Ex-brother-in-law of Berry Gordy (the founder of Motown Records) and songwriter/actor Robert L. Gordy .
His first wife was 17 years his senior and his second wife was 17 years his junior.
Died the day before his 45th birthday
Elected to the Rock and Roll Hall Fame in 1987.
Mentioned by name in Joseph Lawrence 's "Timeless".
Spandau Ballet songwriter Gary Kemp is a fan of Gaye's and mentioned him in the band's massive 1983 hit "True".
Marillion singer Steve Hogarth counts Gaye as one of his favorite vocalists and in 1998 the band covered his classic song "Abraham, Martin & John" for their live album "Unplugged at the Walls".
Discovered by Harvey Fuqua of The Moonglows . Fuqua took Gaye into the group in 1959 and about a year later brought him to Motown.
The addition of the "e" to his name was also emulating one of his favorite singers, Sam Cooke , who did the same thing with his last name. Coincidentally, both performers were shot and killed at young ages.
His 1973 hit "Let's Get It On" was originally written as a political song.
He was so devastated by the death of singer Tammi Terrell in 1970 that he didn't record any new material or appear on stage for three years.
The song "I Want You" was said to be an ode to his second wife Janis Hunter. According to legend, he wrote and recorded the song in two hours after first setting eyes on her, when she was accompanying her mother (a huge fan) to the studio to watch him work. They married two months later.
The song "Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holla)" ends with a prelude to the song "What's Goin' On." This version of the latter-mentioned song is slightly different from the now popular version, in that Gaye begins it with: "Father, Father" and the new version begins with "Mother, Mother". This was due to his burning hatred for his father and eternal love for his mother.
He was voted the 19th Greatest Rock 'n' Roll artist of all time by Rolling Stone.
Was going to do a duet with Barry White but died a week before they began their rehearsal.
Lobbied Motown Records in 1971 for creative control on albums (as did Stevie Wonder ). The first result was "What's Goin' On".
His father, Marvin Pentz Gay, Sr., died in a nursing home at the age of 84 in October, 1998. Marvin Sr. had pleaded no contest and received five years probation for the murder of Marvin Jr.
Was honorably discharged from the US Air Force in 1957.
Was slated to record a duet album with Dionne Warwick , but changed his mind.
Biography in: "The Scribner Encyclopedia of American Lives". Volume One, 1981-1985, pages 311-313. New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1998.
Ranked #31 on VH1's 100 Sexiest Artists.
Voted the sixth greatest singer of the rock era in a Rolling Stone magazine poll in 2008.
He was awarded a Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for Recording at 1500 Vine Street in Hollywood, California.
Personal Quotes
Negotiation means getting the best of your opponent.
Who isn't fascinated by evil?
Update Page
Edit page
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' button  will take you through a step-by-step process.
Add resume
With our Resume service you can add photos and build a complete resume to help you achieve the best possible presentation on the IMDb.
Click here to add your resume and/or your photos to IMDb.
 
