Moesha star dies in car crash
This article is based on two theses that focused on the American civil rights movement. The first section of this article details how the Motown Record Company was linked to the movement and how it reflected the philosophy of Martin Luther King, Jr. The second part examines how King was placed under surveillance by the FBI, which suspected him of being under communist influence. The two parts of this article were linked by a common serendipitous moment.
**********
The word 'serendipity' can be traced back to 28 January 1754, when Horace Walpole (1717-97) wrote to a distant cousin, Horace Mann, and described a new word that he had invented. Walpole described serendipity as 'accidental sagacity' because 'no discovery of a thing you are looking for comes under this description'. (1) In short, serendipity is defined as the 'faculty of making happy discoveries by accident'. (2) Walpole derived the word from a fairytale known as The Travels and Adventures of Three Princes of Sarendip. (3) The tale was set in Sri Lanka, which was also known as 'Sinhala' (dwelling place of the lions) and this was 'translated as Serendib by ... Arab traders'. (4)
The notion of serendipity is an alluring thought for the scholar. It holds out the prospect of being able to accidentally make a brilliant discovery. Royston and Jeanie Roberts argue in Lucky Science that serendipity 'happens every day, or at least accidents do, and it is up to you to turn them into discoveries!' (5) The Roberts believe that 'the person making the accidental discovery is smart enough to understand that the accident is showing him or her something new and important.' (6) Yet, one could also suggest that serendipity does not in fact exist, and that such discoveries are made from the focusing of resources on to a particular problem. It could be argued that discoveries come from hard work, and that attributing them to serendipity is just one explanation among many; maybe serendipity is as much a state of mind as it is a reality.
Yet if, for the purpose of this article, we assume that serendipity exists, my serendipitous discovery occurred when writing the thesis for my Postgraduate Diploma in American History. The thesis was on the Motown Record Company and the civil rights movement, and through a serendipitous discovery I was able to uncover a vital source of information that allowed me to prove my argument. The same discovery also provided the foundation for my Masters research.
MARVIN GAYE AND MOTOWN
For in peace our hearts will sing    Thanks to Martin Luther King. (7)
I came to study Motown after an eight-year absence from academic research. There was a struggle in returning to study, however, as I had had ambitions to make a living through music and my enrolment was an acknowledgment that I was not supporting myself, as I had dreamed would happen. To compensate, the thesis for my Postgraduate Diploma needed to develop my love of music and history. I found that the solution to my dilemma was to write a thesis about music and its political and social meanings. Marvin Gaye's What's Going On provided the inspiration for such a thesis. His album was the soundtrack to a recent holiday I had taken in the United Kingdom and Indonesia and his peaceful music became a critical influence in the course of my future study.
Gaye sang for the Motown Record Company and, in the atmosphere of the early 1960s, when John F Kennedy was a young president, the company reflected the optimism of the nation. Motown became successful with love songs such as 'My guy' and 'My girl', and in appearance it was singularly dedicated to love and youth. (8) Yet there was more to Motown than just love songs, and my thesis argued that the music from Motown could be interpreted as having multiple political meanings. I found that Motown's early 1960s hits contributed to the success of the civil rights movement, and its later music tapped into the mood of discontent that developed throughout the decade.
Several academic writers, including Susan Smith, Brian Ward and Gerald Early, have noted that Motown and the civil rights movement influenced each other. (9) In particular, I built on the work of Smith, who acknowledged that the 'detail and mechanics' of how Motown and the civil rights movement influenced each other remained 'elusive'. (10) Smith believed that there needed to be more 'concrete historical evidence' to explain the relationship of the company to the movement. (11) Her view that there needed to be more evidence was highlighted when Gerald Posner ignored her research and claimed that company owner '[Berry] Gordy had no interest in politics or history.' (12) In contrast to Posner, I argued that Motown contributed to racial integration in the United States, a point emphasised by Jesse Jackson who told Gordy of how 'important' he was to the nation's 'black community'. (13)
When Gaye recorded What's Going On, he reflected the turmoil of the United States during the late-1960s and early-1970s. The creation of the album also brought Gaye into conflict with Berry Gordy. Gordy, Gaye's brother-in-law, reflected that 'I personally wasn't for' Gaye's protest songs. (14) He was concerned that by recording protest songs Gaye might harm his 'sexy image'. However, when it became clear that Gaye was going to record protest songs, Gordy advised: 'If you're gonna do something different at least make it commercial.' (15) The song 'What's going on' was released first, and it was a commercial success, reaching number two on the United States' pop chart. (16) Gaye then recorded eight more songs to complete the album, and each focused on a social issue of the time.
[FIGURE 1 OMITTED]
The album was released in 1971 and was well-received by the print media. Rolling Stone, when bestowing its Album of the Year award on Gaye, described it as 'original, personal, deep, and unrelentingly moving'. (17) Tom Zito, for the Washington Post, thought that the album 'captured the atmosphere of social, political and ecological upheaval in an overwhelmingly sophisticated musical fashion'. (18) Time also reviewed the album, noting that while the theme of 'brotherly love' had grown fashionable in recent years it was new for a Motown record. (19)
As Time noted, What's Going On preached the power of 'brotherly love', while reflecting the turmoil of the United States and the Vietnam War. Gaye sang:
Brother, brother, brother there's far too many of you dying    You know we've got to find a way    To bring some lovin' here today    Father, father, father we don't need to escalate    You see war is not the answer    For only love can conquer hate. (20)
Both the song 'What's going on' and the album of the same name articulated the essence of Martin Luther King's vision of a loving force in society. Gaye deliberately avoided singing romantic love songs, even though they had been very successful at Motown previously. (21) Instead, Gaye sang about the possibility that 'brotherly love' might be able to cure the ills of society.
King, like Gaye, had also hoped that a common love for all would bring people together in peace. He used the Greek word agape to describe a non-romantic love that was directed to all people. King described agape as an 'understanding, creative, redemptive good will for all men'. For him, agape was a love that enabled people to 'love men not because they are likeable ... but because God loves them and here we love the person who does the evil deed while hating the deed that the person does'. (22) Similarly, the song, 'What's going on' articulated a desire for the force of agape to overcome social violence. (23)
When Gaye sang about such love, he did so during an era when the word 'love' was used in a political sense. The Woodstock music festival had emphasised the power of love, and anti-war demonstrations had moved to the centre of political protest using the slogan 'Make love, not war'. (24) Yet Gaye also focused on the hardships that many Americans faced. He protested against environmental degradation, inner-city crime, child neglect and he also sang of his devotion to God. (25) Drawing on the experiences of his brother, an unemployed Vietnam veteran, he addressed the economic difficulties of the unemployed and the apparent hopelessness of their situation. In 'What's happening brother', the album's second song, Gaye sang:
