Entertainment/Business Editors
NEW YORK--(ENTERTAINMENT WIRE)--Sept. 20, 2000
This week, David Pullman, creator of all Pullman Bonds(TM), proudly announces his exclusive signing with the entire Marvin Gaye estate including all of Marvin Gaye's children Nona Gaye, Marvin Gaye III, and Frankie Gaye for a Pullman Bond(TM) music royalty securitization deal. This upcoming Pullman Bond(TM) breaks new ground for The Pullman Group as the first ever entertainment securitization of estate assets by any party. Marvin Gaye, launched into orbit by the Motown hit machine, is considered one of the top 5 most influential and gifted artists of the second half of the twentieth century by a recently published report. Marvin Gaye has created a musical legacy of over $100 million in music entertainment assets.
The forthcoming Pullman Bond(TM) securitization deal with David Pullman will be based on Marvin Gaye's legendary and extensive catalogue which includes over 200 songs and compositions and over 66 Billboard hits performed and/or written by him such as "What's Going On," "Got To Give It Up Pt. 1," "Mercy, Mercy Me," "Let's Get It On," "Hitchhike," "Stubborn Kind of Fellow," "Pride and Joy," "Sexual Healing," "I'll Be Doggone," "Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)," "Distant Lover," "After the Dance," "Ain't No Mountain High Enough," "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing," "Your Precious Love," "If I Could Build My Whole World Around You," "You're All I Need To Get By," plus the biggest hit of the 60's "I Heard It Through The Grapevine." The Marvin Gaye estate joins the series of prestigious Pullman Bond(TM) deals which include the famous Bowie Bonds(TM), Holland Dozier Holland (Motown Hit Machine) Bonds, Ashford & Simpson Bonds, James Brown Bonds and The Isley Brothers Bonds.
David Pullman, Founder and Chairman of The Pullman Group,(R) LLC, states "Marvin Gaye is pure genius. Because of the deals I do for artists, people always ask me what I listen to. I can tell you I can listen to Marvin Gaye's music over and over again. This deal is very special to me--especially the songs that weren't hits are some of my favorites. Marvin Gaye defines what a great album is. It is the albums that are great, not just the hit songs. That is why the Marvin Gaye catalogue sells millions of records per year, year in and year out. I am very excited about working with Marvin Gaye's wonderful family, Marvin Gaye III, Jan Gaye (mother of Nona and Frankie Gaye), Nona Gaye and Frankie Gaye and their attorney Gary Walters on this deal. Marvin Gaye blazed a trail which not only redefined soul music as a creative force but also created a body of work that is being re-recorded and enjoyed by generation after generation."
"A few years ago I read an article about what The Pullman Group was doing and wondered if Marvin's catalogue would be a good one to set up a deal for. Not long after that, we got a phone call that David wanted to meet with the Gaye family," states Jan Gaye, wife of Marvin Gaye. "Marvin's catalogue is perfect for a Pullman Bond(TM) securitization. His music is timeless and, generation to generation, kids still learn about Marvin Gaye's music. It will go on forever."
Nona Gaye comments, "David is brilliant. He's taken this concept of securitizing artist's catalogues and run with it, making a lot of people happy. He has a vision - and it is not just about the money, he respects the artists, their music and our family and that is very important to me."
Marvin Gaye III states, "This is an ingenious idea. For generations to come my father's catalogue will be relevant to any listener."
A Pullman Bond(TM) music royalty securitization is a financing of artist and publishing royalties which allows the original owner to keep 100% ownership of the assets which are financed. A securitization is not a sale of such assets and therefore is not a taxable event. The Pullman Group(R) developed these deals to empower artists and creators of entertainment and intellectual property.
Marvin Gaye is credited with reinventing soul music, and his influence and impact started in the early sixties with two R&B smash hits, "Hitch Hike" and "Can I Get A Witness," classics that were covered two years later by the Rolling Stones. "Dancin' In The Street," co-written by Marvin and William Stevenson, was sung by Martha and the Vandellas and hit No. 2 in the U.S. Then, from 1964 to 1967, Marvin became known as the master of make believe with songs like "Ain't No Mountain High Enough," "Your Precious Love," "If I Could Build My Whole World Around You," "You're All I Need To Get By." The biggest hit of the 60's, "I Heard It Through The Grapevine" recorded and released song by Gladys Knight and The Pips stayed at No. 1 in the US for seven weeks in 1968 as well as reaching No. 1 in England. In the late 60's, Marvin Gaye created his final work for Motown "What's Going On," which is credited for reinventing soul music and reinforcing black music's impact on social issues. In 1984, Marvin Gaye died tragically, leaving behind one of most unforgettable music legacies in history.
The Pullman Group,(R) LLC, as principal, specializes in financing and securitizing music publishing, writer's share record masters and other entertainment royalties. David Pullman, Founder and Chairman of The Pullman Group,(R) LLC, still remains the only financial professional who has ever competed such groundbreaking deals based on future entertainment royalties Pullman Bonds(TM) and has 100% market share. His asset backed securitization deals include the famous $55 million Bowie Bonds(TM) transaction, the $30 million deal with Holland Dozier Holland (Motown Hit Machine), an eight figure deal with R&B greats Ashford & Simpson, a $30 million deal with "Godfather of Soul" James Brown and another eight figure deal for the Isley Brothers. The Pullman Group's experience includes well over $1 billion in transactions through 2000. The Group's website is www.pullmanco.com .
COPYRIGHT 2000 Business Wire
