Follow Me EarHeads
Marvin Gaye and Chardonnay
This entry was posted on July 12, 2011, in Art , Marvin Gaye , Radar . Bookmark the permalink . 5 Comments
If you follow my blog, you know how excited I was about the Michael Jackson artwork I received for my birthday two months ago, but I think it’s safe to say that this photo takes the cake.
 
A friend of mine brought me back this picture of Marvin Gaye from New Orleans created by a street vendor named Isaiah.  The picture depicts Marvin during the Let’s Get It On era in the early 1970′s, donning his signature skull-cap and full beard.  The paper measures out to be 12×18, and I’m sure this will make looking for a frame very interesting as these measurements aren’t typical (at least to my knowledge).   My intentions are to purchase a slightly larger frame with a black matting, and creating a collage with clippings from my Marvin Gaye CD covers on the matting. 
I think this little project will add a unique flair to an already nice picture.  I’ll be sure to post the results.
Big Sean
I also finally downloaded Big Sean’s debut album Finally Famous.  I’ve only listened to it once so far, but its safe to say I like the album.  One thing I did notice (and this is just my opinion), is that Kanye’s influence is very strong on the album.  Finally Famous reminds me of Kanye’s talent during his College Dropout days.  Nonetheless, I’m feeling Big Sean’s single’s I’ve heard on the radio (minus that joint with Chris Brown):
Marvin Gaye and Chardonnay
I Do It
J. Cole
In addition to Finally Famous, I’ve been listening to J. Cole’s latest mixtape effort Return Of Simba.  I think I like this joint a little better than Friday Night Lights, I’ll get back to you with my reasoning after a few more listens.  I do know however, that my favorite track is “Lost Ones”.
Baby girl, I can’t imagine what it’s like for you
I got you pregnant, now inside there is a life in you
I know you wondering if this is gon’ make me think ’bout wifing you
Like if you have my first child, would I spend my whole life with you?
Now I ain’t trying to pick a fight with you, I’m trying to talk
Now I ain’t trying to spend  the night with you, I’m kinda lost…
“Lost Ones” touches on the topic of unplanned pregnancies and abortion.  What I find most impressive about the track is J. Cole’s ability to express the woman’s point of view in the second verse as eloquently as the man’s thought process.  There’s an authenticity and realness to “Lost Ones” (and J. Cole’s body of work overall) that is unparalleled, leaving fans anticipating his debut release.
Like this:
Be the first to like this post.
5 thoughts on “Marvin Gaye and Chardonnay”
BP
