Retelling Theturbid Life Of Marvin Gaye
October 15, 2000|By RENEE GRAHAM The Boston Globe
TROUBLE MAN: The Life and Death of Marvin Gaye. Steve Turner. Ecco. $24. 259 pp.
Sixteen years after his shocking death, the lurid details of Marvin Gaye's life are as familiar as his breathtaking vocals on such classics as Let's Get It On or I Heard It Through the Grapevine. He was a magnificent singer, a moving songwriter, and a major influence on artists from Stevie Wonder to D'Angelo.
But for every sweet song, there are the sour notes in the tormented life of a man vexed by drugs, familial discord, and battles between the strength of his spirit and the weakness of his flesh. What remained concealed behind a wall of publicists during his life finally spilled out after Gaye, a day shy of his 45th birthday, was shot to death by his father.
Gaye's music is indelible, but it's the siren song of despair that continues to lure writers to his story, and Steve Turner's new biography is no exception. Though well researched, Trouble Man, which borrows its name from a 1972 Gaye composition, covers much of the same territory explored in several books and even a two-hour installment of the celebrity misery-fest, E! True Hollywood Story.
It's apt that Turner subtitled his book "The Life and Death of Marvin Gaye," because he isn't fixated on Gaye's musicianship. The singer's story "had all the ingredients of a great mystery -- drugs, sex, religion, violence, celebrity, art -- and I was in a mood to tell a story rather than simply present a chronology of artistic endeavours," Turner writes in his introduction.
Born in Washington, D.C., Gaye was the oldest son of Marvin and Alberta Gay (Marvin the younger later added the "e"). The elder Gay raised his family on the Bible and in the church, where young Marvin began singing at age 2. At 5, he was performing at church conventions; some organizers invited his father to preach only so young Marvin could sing, and Gay would forever resent the attention his son received.
Turner faithfully recites the details of Gaye's early life: his brief stint in the Air Force, his discovery by Harvey Fuqua, who brought Gaye into his successful singing group; his timeless collaborations with Tammi Terrell, whose sudden death spurred his transition from pop-soul to his greatest work, the socially conscious What's Going On; and his combustible marriage to Anna Gordy, sister of Motown founder Berry Gordy, who guided Gaye's rise during the record label's halcyon years.
In these chapters, Turner clears up one of the lingering mysteries of Gaye's life -- the parentage of his son, Marvin III.
When the boy was born, in November 1965, Gaye and his wife claimed he was their biological son. Shortly before his death, Gaye admitted the child was adopted, though he dodged questions about the biological parents. Turner reveals that Gaye, then 26, fathered the child with Denise Gordy, Anna's 15-year-old niece. Says Denise Gordy: "My aunt was unable to have children and I had one for her. It was as simple as that." But was it? That this was an arrangement sanctioned by the Gordy family makes Gaye's decision to have sex with an underage girl no less reprehensible.
Trouble Man inevitably will be compared to David Ritz's acclaimed Divided Soul, which was published a year after the singer's murder and remains the definitive biography. Ritz was Gaye's official biographer, and his book benefited greatly from Gaye's participation.
Yet Turner's book profits from the passage of time. Whereas many people were probably reluctant to speak frankly about Gaye when he was alive or immediately after his death, some -- like Denise Gordy -- may have now felt the truth could be revealed.
"Marvin's inconsistencies didn't detract from his art," Turner writes. "In fact, they contributed to its power and intensity. He made music as an alternative reality to which he could escape from his own pain, and from the world he was so convinced was doomed." In the end, no part was as doomed as Gaye himself.
Featured Articles
