7 External Links
About
Marvin Gaye was born on April 2, 1939 at Washington D.C. to Reverend Marvin Gay, Sr., an ordained minister in the House of God, a small conservative sect. Marvin stated his singing career when he joined the church choir. He also learns how to play piano and drums to escape from his physically abusive father.
After graduating from high school, Marvin joined the United States Air Force. After being discharged from the Air Force, he joined several local group like The Marquees which is a popular local group in Washington. The group has released a single, Wyatt Earp in 1958. He was recruited by Harvey Fuqua to join The Moonglows .
In 1959, the group released a single, Mama Loocie under Chess Records, Marvin's first single with The Moonglows . Marvin was recruited by Berry Gordy Jr. after the concert of The Moonglows in Detroit, Berry wants Marvin to be one of their solo artist in Motown Records.
Marvin's three singles under Motown Records were unsuccessful. When he released his fourth single, Stubborn Kind of Fellow in 1962, he finally scored a minor hit. Followed by singles, Hitch Hike ; and Can I Get A Witness which were also a minor hits. His next single Pride and Joy was a huge success but Marvin was still disappointed the way Motown Records treated him. He wanted to be a pop singer like Stevie Wonder but his recording company wants him to be like Jackie Wilson .
In 1971, Marvin forced Motown to release his self-produce album What's Going On , which Marvin wrote all the tracks. When the album was released, it became a great success and was hailed as one of the best soul albums of all time. His follow up album, Let's Get it On was released in 1973. It was also a successful one.
In 1975, he released his album, I Want You and his marriage was finally ended. In 1977, in between his controversies, he released his semi funk/disco single, Got To Give it Up which reached number 1 on both pop and R&B charts.
After the controversies with his wife and failed marriage, Marvin went to Europe, and began working on his next album, In Our Lifetime , a deeply personal record. When his album was released in 1981, he accused Motown of editing and remixing his songs. He told Motown that he wants to released him as their recording artist. He signed a recording contract and released his album, Midnight Love in 1982. His single, Sexual Healing was one of his most famous songs and his final big hit album.
Marvin's fame pushed him into drug addiction and attempted to commit suicides several times. On April 1, 1984, one day before his birthday, Marvin was shot and killed by his father due to a big argument. After some posthumous releases cemented his memory in the popular consciousness, Gaye was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Awards & Certifications
