Post a comment
I don't think there's a person alive over the age of 35 that doesn't know about the legendary Marvin Gaye. I realize that it's been over two decades since his father senselessly snuffed out his life, but Gaye's music lives on - and still inspires new artists to this very day.
Having said that, selecting 10 songs by Gaye for this column was akin to having a tooth pulled - just downright painful.
Beginning in 1963, Gaye has had 22 singles reach the top 10 on the U.S. charts, while 12 have reached the number one spot alone. Again, compiling this list was a tenuous task that left me mentally exhausted (although it doesn't take much).
Okay, all jokes aside, here are my top 10 songs by Marvelous Marvin Gaye.
1. What's Going On (1971)
This is my favorite song by Gaye - and although it was a close call, I think this song epitomizes the greatness of Marvin Gaye to a tee. I find it absolutely incredible how this song, that Gaye recorded over three decades ago, describes exactly what is happening in our society today.
Not only is this my favorite song by Marvin Gaye, it's also his best and most revealing song, not to mention, one of the most prophetic songs ever recorded by any artist ever.
2. Sexual Healing (1982)
This was Gaye's last big hit and the one that finally gave him his just due as he won two Grammy Awards for the song (Best R&B Male Vocal Performance and Best R&B Instrumental) in February of 1983. Unfortunately, it wasn't long after he achieved this success, that he tragically died at the hands of his father.
3. Let's Get It On (1973)
Talk about a feel-good party song! Let's Get It On is undeniably one of Gaye's greatest hits ever and one of the best party songs of all-time. Young or old, black or white, Let's Get It On is a great song that has, and will continue, to stand the test of time.
4. I Heard It Through the Grapevine (1968)
This is one of Gaye's most recognizable - and beloved - songs of all-time. The song became so popular in fact, that numerous artists have re-recorded their own renditions, not that any of them can compare to the original.
5. Got To Give It Up (1977)
This upbeat song is another one of Gaye's best "dance" songs ever. I don't know what else to say besides the fact that, when this songs is played, you'd have to be either A) dead or B) in a comatose state, to stay in you seat.
6. Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology) 1971
I don't want to keep repeating myself, but if you've ever heard this song before and listened to the lyrics, you'd certainly think that Gaye was talking about many of the societal issues that we are currently dealing with across the globe. Maybe it's me, but I find this prophetic musician absolutely astounding.
7. How Sweet It Is To Be Loved By You (1964)
This is another song by Gaye that became an instant hit. Although it was recorded over four decades ago, this masterpiece has withstood the test of time and has been re-recorded by so many artists, that I've lost count. You know what they say about imitation - it's the sincerest form of flattery.
8. Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler) (1971)
Inner City Blues is a song that is very similar to What's Going On, in both, its style, and its almost prophetic nature about urban culture in America. This song, like every other on this list, reached the top 10 on the U.S. charts in 1971.
9. You're All I Need to Get By (w/Tammi Terrell) (1968)
This song is one of several that Gaye recorded with my fellow Philadelphia native, Tammi Terrell. Like many of Gaye's numerous hits, many current artists have recorded their own versions of this song as well as "sampling" it for modern Hip-Hop hits.
10. Pride & Joy (1963)
Making this selection was almost as arduous as selecting my number one song by Gaye. Pride and Joy was an instant hit way back in 1963 and remains one of best "Oldies" songs around for arthritic middle-aged "old-heads" like myself.
Published by Eric Williams
I am a nationally syndicated sports columnist and one of the nation's top sports handicappers. I  am also a national sports radio personality and freelance journalist who has written articles covering nearly...   View profile
