Death by Rock 'n' Roll (Crimescape)
Marvin Gaye, one of the world’s most beloved singers, was gunned down by his own father on April 1, 1984. A generation later, fans of the fragile, troubled musician still puzzle over how it could be that a man who crooned about peace, love and understanding would meet such a violent end—from his own flesh and blood. But why should we be surprised? The history of popular music is written in blood.
Using Marvin Gaye’s slaying as an abject example of the rock and roll lifestyle, this story pulls together the threads of the violent ends of music stars like John Lennon, Sam Cooke, Tupac Shakur, soul saxophone legend King Curtis, and many others. Between the overdoses and suicides of its often fragile stars,like the tragic case of Amy Winehouse, rock and roll seems to qualify as one of America’s most dangerous professions. Experts weigh in on whether there are patterns to the violence in rock and roll—and whether warning signs were missed in some cases that might have spared lives.
David J. Krajicek is a longtime newspaperman, an author and a former Columbia University journalism professor. He is regarded as one of the country’s best true crime storytellers. He writes The Justice Story, a weekly true crime feature that has been running in the New York Daily News since 1923. He was a special correspondent for truTV’s Crime Library and has appeared frequently on television as a crime expert, including on “The Today Show” and Dominick Dunne’s “Power, Privilege and Justice.” He has written several true crime books and his work has appeared in dozens of major publications.
Crimescape is a RosettaBooks collection of compelling short nonfiction crime books by the best true crime authors in the business, many of whom have seen their books made into major motion pictures. Taking readers into the dark heart of the criminal mind and the tense hunt to bring perpetrators to justice, Crimescape authors stand apart from other true crime writers because they are selected for their experience in crime investigation, whether as police detectives, investigative reporters, forensics professionals or criminal psychologists. Riveting storytellers, our Crimescape short nonfiction writers give readers all the information they need to understand relevant clues and the interwoven influences in each criminal case. Crimescape is edited by Marilyn Bardsley, former executive editor and founder of Time Warner's truTV Crime Library, the premiere true crime site on the Internet. Marilyn Bardsley has written extensively on true crime and is an expert on serial killers.
“What makes for a good true-crime story? Interesting characters, an engrossing plot, situations that often teeter between life and death. But here’s the MacGuffin about true crime: What you’re reading actually happened. Sometimes truth really is more compelling than fiction. And that’s why you will enjoy reading Crimescape’s true crime series.”
—Paul Alexander, # 1 bestselling author of the Kindle Singles Accused and Murdered
Marvin Gaye: What's Going On
Marvin Gaye is one of the legends of Black American music. His career stretched from Motown pop hits in the early 60’s, through the classic socially-aware albums of the early 70’s, and the intensely personal records of his later years, before his untimely death in 1984 on the eve of his 45th birthday. He won a Grammy award for Sexual Healing in 1982 and was inducted in to the Rock ‘n’ Roll Hall Of Fame in 1987.
What’s Going On is the story of Marvin Gaye’s extraordinary life and tragic death produced by the same team responsible for Eagle’s acclaimed Classic Albums series. The tale unfolds through archival footage of Marvin being interviewed and performing live, together with brand new interviews with friends, family and colleagues. The program goes into intimate detail on the abrasive relationship with his father that began in his childhood, on his marriages, his drug abuse and his relationship with Motown and Berry Gordy.
Features Exerpts from: Stubborn Kind of Fellow, Quiet Night of Quiet Stars, I Heard it Through the Grapevine, Ain’t No Mountain High Enough, What’s Going On, Inner City Blues, Let’s Get It On, Save the Children, I Want You, Anna’s Song, Distant Lover, Sexual Healing
Bonus Features:
Additional interviews and Marvin Gaye live in concert with full performances of: 1. Let’s Get It On 2. Medley: What’s Going On / Save The Children 3. Medley: Hitch Hike / How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You) 4. Distant Lover
Product Name: Marvin Gaye: What's Going On . DVD. DVD. Manufacturer: Eagle Rock Ent. ASIN: B000FIHJXS. Price: $14.98
Marvin Gaye - The Life & death of Marvin Gaye
Marvin Gaye, what's going on, the life & death of Marvin Gaye. Marvin Gaye is one of the great and enduring figures of American music. His innovative mix of gospel, R&B, soul and Jazz made him a huge and glamorous performing star, white records like, & Whats Going On & challenged and changed the face of popular music. Yet has life story is also one of personal torment, of bittersweet success, and much more. Features cuts from: Stubborm Kind of Fellow, Quiet Night of Quiet Stars, I Heard It Through The Grapevine, Ain't No Mountain High Enough, What's Going On, Inner City Blues, Let's Get It On, Save The Children, Distant Lover, Sexual Healing plus many more
