Supernova said:
VoicesCarry said:
Vocally, yeah, Lisa Velez is a lot closer to Diana Ross.  Actually, I got it wrong, however.  I'll type out the exact quote:
As 'Head To Toe' was inspired by the records of the Supremes, 'Lost In Emotion' was influenced by Mary Wells.  Lou was playing her greatest hits album one day. "The song playing was 'Two Lovers.' And right after 'Two Lovers' came 'You Beat Me To The Punch.'  So what we did is made ("Lost In Emotion") a combination of 'Two Lovers' and 'You Beat Me To The Punch."  We didn't steal the riffs; all we did was get the flavouring of it.  We have a xylophone and some bells....because back in the Motown days they always used those simple instruments.  They used real tambourines.  The xylophone that you hear is a real xylophone.  What we did was put it through an AMS, which is a computerized keyboard."
Motown had its own sound, but I would hardly call its production values "assembly-line".  Maybe a Britney Spears record, but Motown had hugely talented session players like The Funk Brothers, recorded live with full orchestras, etc.  What they are guilty of is using the same instrumental tracks on hits recorded by different artists, which is what you're probably referring to as the "assembly-line" mentality.
[This message was edited Sat May 29 11:48:38 2004 by VoicesCarry]
Oh, sure it was. Why do you think it took hard fights for Stevie Wonder and Marvin Gaye to be granted creative control? Nobody was really allowed their own distinctive musical identity until the late '60s. A rebellious spirit like Marvin Gaye would have NEVER stayed at Motown if he weren't allowed to veer from the status quo that Berry Gordy favored. Nor would Stevie for that matter, but Marvin was the self-destructive one. But I digrees. Saying it was assembly line does not infer that they weren't talented, I'm talking about the fact that they weren't allowed to write their own songs, arrange their own music, etc., until later on. Gordy was content with "Moon in June" fare, as opposed to the topics and harder edges they tackled later on. It's common knowledge.
'
[This message was edited Sat May 29 12:37:22 2004 by Supernova]
Well, production values are completely different from the way the label was run.  If by production values you're talking about quality of vocals, songwriting, instrumental tracks, background vocals, dubbing, etc. etc. etc. then I'd have to disagree.  Certainly there was an assembly-line mentality about the way the label was run, but the fact that the work still holds up today speaks to the quality of production values, not the business model itself.
Berry Gordy's obsessive quality control didn't allow much artistic freedom (more for the songwriters, hardly any for the artists), but it made sure that 75% of whatever Motown released charted on the Billboard Hot 100.  So, as a business model it was very successful but yes, assembly-line in practice.
Do you see the difference?
P.S. I do know all about the history of Motown and how Gordy stymied the efforts of both songwriters and artists (Gaye, most notoriously, when he completely remixed the What's Going On LP) to win artistic freedom.
[This message was edited Sat May 29 13:00:14 2004 by VoicesCarry]
 
