Marvin Gaye’s Highest Accomplishment?
Posted in: Oldies by J J Neuman on April 25th, 2009 | 5 Comments
In 1970, Marvin Gaye was in seclusion, mourning the death of his most successful duet partner, Tammi Terrell, who was stricken with a brain tumor two years earlier that led to her collapsing in his arms on stage and her ultimate death a year and a half later.
Leading up to Tammi’s untimely death at the age of 24, Marvin Gaye was a huge commercial success that began for him in the early 1960’s.  He had become a singer, songwriter and musician extraordinaire whose talent ranged from crooner to soul artist, and a smooth R & B vocalist.
In 1968, he recorded the single “Heard it Through the Grapevine” that sold about 4 million records and remained number one on the American pop charts for seven weeks.  It then proceeded to reach number one in Great Britain, elevating him to international star status.
But Marvin had been out of sight for quite awhile.  He was depressed and resigned himself to never perform duets again.  He had stopped performing altogether.  The rumor mill had him either retiring or possibly working on “something new.”
But then he resurfaced in early 1971 with a different look and feel about him.
He had been quietly recording some new songs that his label Motown apparently was not ready to embrace as this music was something quite different from what they expected from the Prince of Motown.  In fact, the new sound involved something far more serious and political….and nothing resembling “How Sweet it is to be Loved by You.”
Read more in Oldies
Jimmy Ruffin »
That “something new” he was working on came out in the form of an album with the simple title of What’s Going On.  And, when Marvin Gaye decided he wanted to convey a political message, nothing was left untouched.  This was certainly not the Beatles, who sang “all you need is love” while their lawyers were splitting up of piles of money, and ultimately, their close friendships.  Marvin’s message was to become far more pertinent for the tumultuous time period that people were experiencing in America.
“Rockets, moon shots
Spend it on the have nots
Money, we make it
‘Fore we see it you take it
Oh, make you wanna holler”
Marvin claimed, “Motown fought What’s Going On….they didn’t like it, didn’t understand it, and didn’t trust it.  Management said the songs were too long, too formless, and would be lost on a public looking for easy three-minute stories.  For months they wouldn’t release it.  My attitude had to be firm.  Basically I said, “Put it out or I”ll never record for you again.’ That was my ace in the hole, and I had to play it.”
