Location: West Coast Of Mars
Reviews written: 942
About Me: Save the Earth...it's the only planet with Chocolate!
Early Motown Gaye: The Sixties
Written: Oct 11 '00 (Updated Oct 12 '00)
Pros:Catchy Dance Tracks, Clear Recordings Capture Early Hits
Cons:Brief Cuts, No Duets With Tami Terell
Besides surf music and perky pop, the early 1960's introduced us to smooth urban soul by way of Hitsville USA: Motown. You might call this a musical Renaissance: a flowering of new and exciting musical styles and experimentation. Next to the Drifters, The Surpremes, The Four Tops, Temptations and Smokey Robinson And The Miracles, Marvin Gaye was a force to be reckoned with.
Middle son of a preacher man, Marvin sang with the church choir and street corner groups. Many reviewers agree, singing was Gaye's ticket out of a fundamentally punitive home environment, as the Air Force would prove after graduating college.
Gaye was lucky to have such as well connected and respected supporter as the venerable R&B legend, Bo Diddley. Gaye's muscular yet honey sweet tenor served him well in his first real group, The Rainbows, and later providing backup for an already established band, The Moonglows.
A fortuitous move from Washington D.C. to Chicago soon brought Gaye to the attention of none other than Berry Gordie Jr., a musical visionary and stellar salesman, with an ambitious dream that became a reality known as Motown.
Marvin was signed in 1961, and his added expertise on piano and drums got him frequent work as a studio sessionist. Tall, handsome and possessing a winning smile and line of patter, it wasn't long before Gaye married Alice Gordy, and set out on a solo career.
The eleven tracks from The 20th Century Masters-The Millennium Collection: The Best Of Marvin Gaye, Vol. 1, feature the best of these exciting, early Motown years. After the final songs were recorded in 1969, Gaye took nearly a year's sabbatical to rest and refine his style.
These 60's hits come after three initial duds, and start off with Stubborn Kind Of Fellow in 1962. The backing vocals, by a talented bunch of Motown's female singers, would become a trademark sound during this Golden Age of Motown. The next release, Hitch Hike, also enjoyed some success, and was popular on American Bandstand, considered a safe race hit, in this still repressed era.
1963 was a prolific year for the young vocalist, and the uptempo piano vamp of Can I Get A Witness is one of my favorite tracks-fresh and energetic and making perfect use of the supple and mellow pipes. There was a lot of exposure a la Hitsville, and a resultant buzz. The cut that broke the Top Ten came out this year. Pride And Joy fit the Motown formula for Gaye, but already this fine artist was starting to chafe against the musical niche being carved out for him by the Motown machine.
Raised on gospel and preferring the slower torch songs of The Moonglows, Ink Spots and Little Anthony & The Imperials, Gaye was coupled with Mary Wells, (My Guy), for a 1964 album that continued to distance him from his personal wishes. No songs from that album are included here, but 1965 brought three new Top 10 hits.
Reminding me slightly of Robinson's hit, Mickey's Monkey, the beat of Ain't That Peculiar ensured another dance track often requested at sock hops, slumber parties and AM dedication shows. Continuing in the upbeat style of Motown stablemates, the Four Tops, I'll Be Doggone gave clamoring audiences more of that smooth soul seasoned with R&B, that became Gaye's early trademark. The third 1965 money maker, How Sweet It Is would prove a cherry to top his sweet success.
Marvin Gaye was also known for his duets, with Wells, Kim Weston and Tammi Terell. With Terrell he recorded several winning numbers including the highly popular Ashford-Simpson creation, Ain't No Mountain High Enough. Inspirational and hook-ridden, this was a most requested concert track, but after Terell's untimely death in 1970, it would never sound the same.
I would have liked to see some of these duets included here, including Ain't Nothing Like The Real Thing. This points up the shortcoming of this collection, which is essentially Marvin's early solo hits. Motown is a savvy corporation, and there are dozens of CDs in release, with ones devoted soley to the Tami Terell Years, some to the middle years and others to the last, angst riddled recordings, before Gaye's battle with drugs and his tragic death.
Short of a box set, this budget release is what it is, and there are more pleasing numbers like the infectious final track, You're A Wonderful One, which offer up tastes of Hitsville's impeccable writing teams. Impeccably attired in custom suits, Gaye lip synched his way through hit after hit on Hulabaloo, Bandstand and Soul Train, while inside he brooded over his abusive childhood and carried the dream that would erupt by way of his 1971 classic, What's Going On.
Some consider 1968's monster hit, I Heard It Though The Grapevine, (also popularized by Martha & The Vandellas and The Dancing Raisins), to be his best ever. Along with Too Busy Thinking About My Baby and That's The Way Love Is, it represents the definitive turning point in this major musical influence's lyric source and style along with the 1970's growing acceptance of a different type of recording and longer, less abbreviated selections. This would bring musicians to the forefront, allowing them some time to express greater feelings and introspection.
Back in the 1960's radio airplay dictated a maximum track length, thus these cuts range from 2:05 to a relatively long-winded 3:42 epic.
Besides the aforementioned box set and 1971 classic, I can also highly recommend his most controversial album, Sexual Healing. These offer a progression from the infectious and formulaic Motown tracks to the more mature exploration of jazz and unadorned pure soul.
Recommended: Yes
