Jason Ankeny, [ review of Let's Get It On ], by Marvin Gaye, allmusic.com (accessed June 10, 2005).
Gaye teamed up with Diana Ross for Diana & Marvin, an album of duets that began recording in 1971 , while Ross was pregnant with her first child, Rhonda . Gaye, a longtime marijuana smoker, refused to put his joint s out for the pregnant Ross, who immediately complained to Berry Gordy about the issue. Gaye refused to sing if he couldn't smoke in the studio, and the duets album was recorded by overdubbing Ross and Gaye at separate studio session dates.
Gaye released " I Want You " and the album of the same name by himself as his marriage finally ended in 1975 . In between the controversy surrounding him, Gaye released the seminal funk / disco single, " Got to Give It Up ", which went to No. 1 on both the pop and R&B charts in 1977 . As part of a divorce settlement with Anna, Gaye agreed to record a new album and remit a portion of the royalties to Anna as alimony . The result was 1978 's Here, My Dear , a deeply personal album that so clearly detailed the sour points of Gaye's former marriage that Anna Gordy considered suing him for invading her privacy.  After a failed single and a rapidly failing new marriage to Janis Gaye , Gaye moved to Hawaii . Tax problems and drug addiction s haunted him, and after failing to get Motown labelmate Smokey Robinson to loan him money to take care of the tax issues, Gaye was forced to move to Ostend , Belgium in 1981 .
Later career and death
In Ostend , Gaye began working on In Our Lifetime ?, a complex and deeply personal record. When Motown issued the album in 1981 , Gaye was livid:  he accused Motown of editing and remix ing the album without his consent, releasing an unfinished song, ("Far Cry") altering the album art he requested and removing the question mark from the title (rendering the intended irony imperceptible). He negotiated a release from the label and  signed with Columbia Records in 1982 and released Midnight Love the same year. Midnight Love included " Sexual Healing " ([ sample ]
([ Media helphelp ]·[ info ])
), one of Gaye's most famous songs, and his final big hit. The hit finally gave Gaye the respect he deserved as he won two Grammy Award s for the song ( Best R&B Male Vocal Performance and Best R&B Instrumental ) in February 1983 . Around the same time Gaye gave an emotional performance of the Star-Spangled Banner at the NBA All-Star Game, held in Denver . A month later, he gave his final performance in front of his old mentor and label for "Motown 25" performing "What's Going On" before going out on a U.S. tour to support his album, which was plagued by health problems before ending in August 1983 .
Gaye's refound fame pushed him even deeper into drug addiction and paranoia as he had had a premonition that someone was going to kill him. Throughout his tour, he had a bevy of bodyguards surrounding him to keep him safe and often wore a bullet-proof vest. By the time the tour ended, he attempted to isolate himself by moving into his parents' house.  He threatened to commit suicide several times after numerous bitter arguments with his father, Marvin, Sr. On April 1 , 1984 , one day before his forty-fifth birthday, Gaye's father shot and killed him after an argument. Some of Gaye's relatives claimed that he had purposely pushed his father to the edge so that he could have Marvin, Sr., kill him instead of having to commit suicide. Gaye left behind three children - son Marvin Pentz Gaye III (b. 1965 ), daughter Nona Marvisa (b. 1974 ), and son Frankie Christian (b. 1975 ).
After some posthumous releases cemented his memory in the popular consciousness, Gaye was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 . Marvin Gaye, Sr., died of pneumonia in 1998 .
Legacy and tributes
Marvin Gaye on the cover of his 1969 LP I Heard It Through the Grapevine , originally released in 1968 as In the Groove.
Even before Gaye died, there had already been tributes to the singer.  In 1983 , the British group Spandau Ballet recorded the single "True" as a partial tribute to both Gaye and the Motown sound he helped establish.  A year after his death, The Commodores made reference to Gaye's death in their 1985 song "Night Shift" as did the Violent Femmes in their 1988 song "See My Ships". Former Motown alum Diana Ross also paid tribute with her Top 10 pop single "Missing You" (1985) while the soul band Maze featuring Frankie Beverly recorded the tribute song, "Silky Soul" (1989), in honor of their late mentor. Marvin Gaye was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 . He was given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame three years later in 1990 .
In 1999 , the R&B world paid its respects to Gaye in a tribute album, Marvin Is 60. In October 2001 , an all-star cover of "What's Going On", produced by Jermaine Dupri , was issued as a benefit single, credited to "Artists Against AIDS Worldwide". The single, which was a reaction to the tragedy of the September 11, 2001 attacks as well as to the AIDS crisis, featured contributions from a plethora of stars, including Christina Aguilera , Mary J. Blige , Bono , Mariah Carey , Destiny's Child , Fred Durst of Limp Bizkit , Nelly Furtado , Alicia Keys , Aaron Lewis of the rock group StainD , Nas , *NSYNC , P. Diddy , ?uestlove of The Roots , Britney Spears , and Gwen Stefani [ link ]. The "What's Going On" cover also featured Marvin Gaye's only daughter, Nona Gaye , a successful singer and actress in her own right.
As noted, Gaye helped give rise to the "singer-songwriter" in African American and encompassing black music. In addition, Gaye's music was often used as one of the reference point for what became known as neo soul in the late- 1990s : a nostalgic-based sound that seeks to duplicate a 1970s soul music feel, while adding hip hop and contemporary R&B elements to the mix. Though his work is widely influential, it eventually became a neo-soul cliche to cite Gaye, Stevie Wonder , or Donny Hathaway as an influence, regardless of whether or not the citing artists' music actually reflected the qualities and creativity inherent in Gaye's work.
Gaye can also be seen as a groundbreaker to many self-made black singers and musicians, who took his examples that he brought out in his music, including multitracked vocals and personal self-expression through music. These examples led to the diverse careers of Michael Jackson , Prince , Luther Vandross , Lionel Richie and Babyface , to name a few. To this day, modern pop and R&B stars name Gaye as a huge influence, including 2000s R&B superstars Usher and Alicia Keys . Gaye's music played a very important part in the career of R. Kelly , who has currently produced records for The Isley Brothers in a similar Gaye sound to note his influence. Kelly has also used a "divided soul" tactic, similar to that of Gaye, to express himself musically.
As a hitmaker, Gaye scored an impressive total of 41 Top 40 hit singles on Billboard 's Pop Singles chart from 1963 to 2001 , 60 Top 40 R&B singles chart hits from 1962 to 2001, 18 Top 10 singles on the pop chart, 38 Top 10 singles on the R&B chart (according to latest figures from Joel Whitburns Top R&B/Hip-Hop Singles: 1942-2004, 2004), 3 #1 Pop hits and 13 #1 R&B hits (the fourth biggest male artist to have the most #1 hits on the R&B chart only behind fellow soul pioneers James Brown and Stevie Wonder) and tied with Michael Jackson in total as well as the fourth biggest artist of all-time to spend the most weeks at the #1 spot on the R&B singles chart (52 weeks). In all, Gaye has had a total of 67 singles on the Billboard charts in total spanning five decades.
In 2001 , rapper/producer Erick Sermon , took an outtake from a 1982 Gaye song and remixed it so he could collaborate with Gaye in spirit. The result, " Music ", became one of the top singles of the year peaking in the Top 5 on both the Billboard R&B and rap charts and hitting #21 on the pop charts making it his forty-first entry into the pop Top 40.
Hip-hop artists have sampled Gaye's music in several rap songs - Houston rapper Scarface 's hit A Minute to Pray, A Second To Die (1992) and Spice 1's Welcome To The Ghetto featured a sample of one of Marvin's songs in the background music.  Also, Del tha Funkee Homosapien 's track, "Fragments", from Dreddy Kruger Presents: Wu Tang Meets the Indie Culture, sample's Marvin's "Flyin' High in the Friendly Sky".
Four years later, in 2005 , a duo of modern R&B producers re-tooled Gaye's "Let's Get It On" and remixed the song to make it more danceable. Released to radio under the name, "Let's Get It On (The MPG Groove Mix)", the song hit the charts all over again, proving that Gaye was still remembered years after his death. That same year, "Let's Get It On" was certified gold by the RIAA for sales in excess of 500,000 units, making it the best-selling single of all time on Motown in the United States . Gaye's " I Heard It Through the Grapevine " holds the title of the best-selling international Motown single of all time, with high sales explained by a re-release in Europe following a Levi´s 501 Jeans commercial in 1986. In 2005, rock group A Perfect Circle released "What's Going On" as part of an anti-war CD titled eMOTIVe. In October of 2005, a discussion was delivered at Marvin's hometown of Washington, D.C. 's City Council to change the name of a park located at Marvin's childhood neighborhood from Watts Branch Park to Marvin Gaye Park and was soon offered so for $5 million to make the name change a reality. The park was renamed on April 2, 2006.
In February of 2006 , production on an independent film, titled Sexual Healing , a biopic about Gaye's later years, was announced. It was to have been a full-scale biopic of Gaye, but Motown refused to license rights to its Marvin Gaye catalog. It is to start filming in May 2006, starring Jesse L. Martin . Recently news has been made about another Gaye biopic, titled Marvin - The Life Story of Marvin Gaye, being set for production also later this year with singer Roberta Flack supervising on the music and is said to be a full-scale biopic of Gaye [ link ].
In his Popmatters.com column "On the Corner," writer Michael A. Gonzales pays tribute to Marvin Gaye: http://popmatters.com/music/columns/gonzales/050126.shtml
Discography
For a detailed listing of albums and singles, see: Marvin Gaye discography .
U.S. and UK Top Ten Singles
The following singles reached the Top Ten of either the United States pop singles chart or the United Kingdom pop singles chart. Also included are the singles that hit #1 on the US R&B charts.
Year
