"This epoch saw the mega star frequently snapped wearing denim on denim, leather jackets lined in shearling (and worn with upturned collars), aviators, and a knitted hat with absolutely everything."
Style Icon in brief ...
Gaye helped pioneer what is now considered vintage American style from the '70s.
Gaye wardrobe staples: denim on denim, shearling and aviator sunglasses.
His music style is associated with Motown, soul and urban adult contemporary. 
Why He’s A Style Icon
Born in 1939 as Marvin Pentz Gay, Jr., Marvin Gaye left home at an early age to escape an abusive homelife, adding an "e" to his last name (according to some sources) to distance himself from his father. In 1961, he began his career at Motown Records, quickly rising to become “The Prince of Motown” as the label's top-selling male solo artist during the 1960s; he later went on to also become known as the “Prince of Soul.”
As a musician , Gaye was immensely talented, boasting a three-octave vocal range, enviable drumming skills and brilliant songwriting abilities. His innovative style helped define the concept album as well as multiple genres, including Motown, soul and urban adult contemporary. The two-time Grammy winner was also notable in the music world for fighting for creative control over his work and producing or coproducing his own albums, thereby encouraging the next generation of recording artists to do the same.
Though more subtle than his influence in the musical sphere, this Rock and Roll Hall of Famer's sartorial legacy was also substantial because Gaye was a pioneer to the core. In fact, a variety of what have now come to be thought of as classic American looks can be traced back to this style icon 's wardrobe. All in all, it's safe to say that on the fashion front Gaye could be described as someone who knew “What's Going On” when it came to style.
Dress The Gaye Way
With a musical career that spanned three formative decades, Marvin Gaye's wardrobe was as versatile as his musical abilities. Similarly, it was equal parts experimental and pure class. During his performances, particularly earlier in his career, the legendary star was a consummate professional, opting frequently for smart suits.
Where Gaye's personal style really began to shine, however, was when he broke away from Motown Records in the 1970s. In the politically and sexually charged climate of this decade, Gaye's style reached its peak when he began to express himself more, both as an artist and in the fashion arena. This epoch saw the mega star frequently snapped wearing denim on denim, leather jackets lined in shearling (and worn with upturned collars), aviators, and a knitted hat with absolutely everything.
And here is precisely where the soulful singer's style legacy lies: Gaye made what we would now think of as vintage American style incredibly sharp. Of course, the late ‘70s saw Gaye don some questionable trouser and jacket combos, including green bell-bottoms with a striped blazer, but even under such challenging style conditions Gaye managed to rock ensembles that most men would shudder to even think about wearing.
To master Gaye's bohemian style of the ‘70s, try this American-heritage-inspired denim shirt by Levi's . And go ahead and pair it with jeans as Gaye would have done --  just make sure you mix up the fabric weights and color rinses in your outfit, adding a final touch like a blazer to keep everything modern and pulled together.
By Farah Averill Farah Averill
For as long as she can remember, Farah has had a love affair with fashion. Her other interests include traveling and adventure seeking. She also holds a master's degree in psychology.
First Impression This article makes me
Thanks for rating this article. Now share it on:
