Marvin's Room: 5 Artists Influenced By Marvin Gaye
Singersroom 7/20/2011 9:58:34 AM
Drake, Chris Brown and even Sammie have taken a shot at the song "Marvin's Room" but this is not about that hot track but about the legendary Motown singer Marvin Gaye and his power of influence today.
1. Chris Brown & Marvin Gaye would have had the women going bananas!
Chris Breezy is the epitome of what it is to be a SEX SYMBOL. He possesses all the elements of a sex symbol and knows how to showcase them. Marvin Gaye in his time swayed, moaned and grooved to get the ladies worked into a frenzy. He was the lady's sexual healing and he wouldn't hesitate to get it on when ever he hit the stage. It is the sensual showmanship of Marvin Gaye that laid the ground work that Chris Brown would later take and master.  
Marvin's "Sexual Healing" vs. Chris Brown's "Take You Down"
2. Bilal & Marvin Gaye would have sung people under their tables if they were on the same stage together. Bilal has always possessed a seductive VOICE that seems to whisper influences of Marvin Gaye amongst other artists. Their voices both seem to possess a hypnotic power. Bilal and Marvin seem to expose the sensitivity of a man through their voices.
Bilal's "Love It"  vs.  Marvin Gaye's "I Want You"
3. Raheem DeVaughn & Marvin Gaye would have shared memories about the DMV area and talked about what was going on in the world. Radio Rah has become a master of the MESSAGE as Marvin Gaye was in his time. There commitment to making meaningful music and educating their listeners is present in their music.
Raheem Davaughn's  "Bulletproof" and "Women" vs. Marvin Gaye's "Inner City Blues (Make Me Want To Holler)" and "What's Going On."
4. D'angelo & Marvin Gaye would have shown the world how to be smooth and dreamy on stage and in person. Being SMOOTH is not something that you learn or can read in a book, it is something organic that you are just born with. D'Angelo and Marvin Gaye seemed to ooze smoothness out their pores. Their cool energy and undeniable style have birthed music that make you want to just cruise or just let that special someone know that you're waiting for their love.
D'Angelo's "Cruisin" and "Brown Sugar" vs. Marvin Gaye's "Distant Lover"and "My Love is Waiting"
5. The Weeknd & Marvin Gaye would have definitely partied together. The PARTY LIFE is something that evokes memories for everyone. You may have been a heavy or light party-goer but the smell, sound, feelings of the party life is familiar. Mr. Gaye was a partier and he knew how to make you feel like you were in the midst of the smoke filled disco dance floor. Newcomer The Weeknd has been able to create the same mood music. He seems to draw a vivid picture of hung over mornings with dusty glass tables. Marvin Gaye lived like a rock star and had music that put you right in the thick of it.
Marvin Gaye's "Got To Give It Up" vs. The Weeknd's "The Music"
There is definitely nothing new under the sun. It is the redefinition and the individual that is able to be influenced and make it there own that become the creators. These artists have done just that. They have studied countless hours in Marvin's Classroom and their work is a living testament to what Marvin Gaye was to music.
------ By: DOC
