Total: 22 Songs
iTunes Review
This supplementary edition of demos, instrumentals, and alternate versions gives a sense of how Gaye rediscovered his art in the process of making Midnight Love. The influence of Rick James is made apparent in the working title of the frisky, funky “Midnight Lady,” originally called “Clique James.” Midnight Love ended up being an album of precision, but the early versions of “Rockin’ After Midnight,” “’Til Tomorrow,” “Third World Girl” and “My Love Is Waiting” show Gaye in a looser, more free-flowing mode. Especially stunning is an a cappella mix of “Turn On Some Music”— later sampled to great effect by Erick Sermon for his 2000 hit “Music.” Of course, Midnight Love will forever be defined by its crown jewel, “Sexual Healing,” a song so rich and emblematic of Marvin’s personality that each alternate version reveals something different in the song. As shown by the lo-fi bedroom demo that closes this collection, “Sexual Healing” was shimmering magic even before it was burnished by studio wizardry.
Customer Reviews
     
by                    Voodoo Child 7
Sincere.  Raw.  Personal.  Recording sessions, these days, are constructed for MTV or "behind the scenes" propaganda.  The vocal version of Sexual Healing is evidence of Marvin Gaye's consistency and understated power at the microphone.  His greeting to the CBS audience, insight into the gentle passion that personal demons could not steal away.  The variations of different cuts show a bygone age of experimenting with voice, rather than seeking out special effects or framing into what's commercially marketable.  The world is a lesser place without Marvin Gaye, but we are greater people for having lived to hear this wonderful human being.
one of the best!
     
by                    iowajewel
i saw Marvin in concert when he was on tour for this album, it is still one of the greatest nights of my life. funny but Third World Girl is my all time favorite song and it was never even a hit! i love how there are 3 different versions of this song! if you are a Marvin Gaye fan you will love the extra's on this album! it is my favorite after I Want You. Great songs, even greater man, we love you Marvin -  forever you will live on .
great
