Patti Labelle
Patti Labelle
Patti LaBelle (born Patricia Louise Holte on May 24 , 1944 in West- Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a Grammy winning R&B / soul singer who fronted two groups, Patti LaBelle and the Bluebelles and Labelle , which changed and birthed a new era of women's music and, in the process, has influenced a new generation of female singers. She is known for her strong vocals and her signature high octave vocal belting . She has been largely compared to Aretha Franklin during the 1970s, but her distinguishing vocal belting remains unique and recognizable, which has made her one of the greatest female vocalists of all time. Her biography, Don't Block the Blessings, remained at the top of the New York Times best-seller list for several weeks. In addition, she is a bestselling cookbook author. Her belting range is considered to be one of the highest in music ( Guinness Book of Records , April 2006 ).  [ edit ] Early years Born the youngest of five children including three sisters and a brother, Patti began singing at the age of 14 in church. A shy girl, Patti had a voice of a torch diva. A school teacher advised her to start a singing group. As Patsy Holt, LaBelle formed a four-member girl group called the Ordettes in 1958. In 1959, when two of the original Ordettes left, Holt and fellow Ordette Sandra Tucker brought in singers Nona Hendryx and Sarah Dash . When Tucker's family made Sandra leave the group, she was replaced by Cindy Birdsong . Two years passed until the girls auditioned for Blue Note Records. The president at the time nearly passed on the group upon hearing the lead singer was Patti, or "Patsy" as friends and family called her, whom he had said didn't fit the traits of a traditionally beautiful lead singer. But he changed his mind when Patsy began singing. The president signed them to the label under two conditions: The Ordettes were now the Bluebelles and Patricia "Patsy" Holt would be given a new name: Patti LaBelle. For a woman that didn't have classic beauty traits, the last name meant "beautiful" in French. The name was changed again to Patti LaBelle and the Bluebelles after the manager of the group who had the same name sought to sue. [citation needed] [ edit ] Success with The Bluebelles Top: Sarah Dash. Bottom, l to r: Cindy Birdsong, Nona Hendryx and Patti LaBelle In 1962, Patti LaBelle & the Bluebelles scored their first Top 40 pop hit with the release of the doo-wop single, "I Sold My Heart to the Junkman." That same year, they began wowing audiences at New York 's legendary Apollo theater later given them the name "The Apollo Sweethearts." Throughout the '60s, Patti LaBelle & the Bluebelles were one of the hottest touring acts on the chitlin' circuit while the hits continued: in 1964, they scored again with songs like " Danny Boy " and "Down the Aisle." In 1966, the group signed to Atlantic Records and scored what later became Patti's signature song with their version of "Somewhere Over the Rainbow." Around this time, LaBelle was engaged to be married to Temptations member Otis Williams , but the couple called off the engagement because of their conflicting touring schedules. The next year, LaBelle, Dash & Hendryx received a shock when Cindy Birdsong left to join The Supremes , replacing Florence Ballard . LaBelle was so infuriated by this that she refused to talk to Birdsong for the next eighteen years. [ edit ] Labelle Labelle, ca. 1975 In 1970, Patti and the Bluebelles moved to England where they met promoter Vicki Wickham, formerly Janis Joplin 's promoter. The next year when the girls returned to America, they came out with a different name - simply Labelle - and a new attitude, vocal style, and a new wardrobe. The former "Apollo Sweethearts" were now women. Wearing casual clothing and African adornments, Labelle often sung of racism, sexism and politics. Their sound was not taken to heart by consumers. In 1974, however, learning of a cult following, the women changed their looks again now adorning space-like, rockish and uniforms, they began to sing about sex, space, politics, and things that many funk and rock bands were singing about at the time -- but with an exception; no female groups had dared up until now to broach this type of controversial material. Their following had grown so much that in October of that year, they were the first African-American contemporary act to perform at the Metropolitan Opera House. That December, they released their greatest record, Nightbirds , featuring their breakout hit, " Lady Marmalade ," which hit #1 on the Hot 100 in 1975, helping Nightbirds to go gold. It was as far as they got as success couldn't ring twice, although their subsequent albums, Phoenix and Chameleon were hailed by music critics as experimental and groundbreaking. [ edit ] Solo career The 70's 1n 1976 during a performance in Baltimore, Nona suffered a nervous breakdown, forcing the band to separate abruptly (see note #1]. LaBelle released her self-titled debut in 1977 on Epic Records, where she recorded 3 more albums in the years to come. The debut album became an important hit for Patti at least on the R&B charts and was notable for the stand-out ballad, "You Are My Friend" and for the funkier "Joy To Have Your Love," which demonstrates Patti's large range with a typical Philadelphia Soul orchestrated arrangement with heavy bass. In the next year she released one of her most acclaimed albums, Tasty, featuring the salsa hit "Teach Me Tonight (Me Gusta Tu Baile)." The next step was the album It's Alright With Me featuring the disco classic "Music Is My Way Of Life" and the last album she recorded for Epic was Released, which did better than the previous one chartwise but didn't generate any important hits nor received the same critical acclaim. On July 21 , 1979 , she appeared at the Amandla Festival along with Bob Marley , Dick Gregory and Eddie Palmieri , amongst others. Patti's eponymous solo debut LP , released in 1977. The 80's Success was mostly eluding Patti until early 1981, when she released the classic ballad, "I Don't Go Shopping." In 1983, she released her first charted hit album, I'm In Love Again. The album featured LaBelle's first #1 R&B hit with " If Only You Knew " and a radio hit with "Love, Need & Want You." In 1984, after an eighteen-year estrangement, she reconciled with Cindy Birdsong while she was on stage in Los Angeles . By 1985, LaBelle was on her way to pop stardom after her songs, " New Attitude " and " Stir It Up " (recently re-recorded by Patti and Joss Stone) from the soundtrack for Beverly Hills Cop (1984), which peaked at #17 and #41 on the pop charts respectively. By the time of her rise to pop stardom in the mid-1980s, LaBelle was now infamous for her wild hairdos, kicking off her shoes in a "Holy Ghost"-like rage, rolling over the floor while singing, putting the microphone stand down and then yielding it up in the air and choreographing the now-legendary "spread my wings" move that she incorporated during her show-stopping performances of "Over the Rainbow." Patti's appearance at the Motown Returns to the Apollo and Live Aid concert in 1985 introduced her to a whole new audience. After Diana Ross gave her the microphone at Motown Returns to the Apollo, Patti soared with her vocals and lit up the finale. During the finale at Live Aid, Patti again took the microphone and belted out "We Are the World," and during some points of the performance, Patti's voice is the only one audible over the other artists. Patti was accused of grandstanding, but the sheer power of her vocals, her amazing range and her attitude to give 100 percent in every performance gives her an edge most other artists don't have In 1986, she released her best-selling album to date with Winner in You . The album yielded her first solo #1, " On My Own " with pop balladeer Michael McDonald , the Top 40 Billboard Hot 100 hit, " Oh, People ," the moderate pop chart hit, "Kiss Away The Pain" and the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart hit, "Something Special Is Gonna Happen Tonight." The 90's By the end of the 1980s, she scored a moderate R&B and pop chart hit with the Diane Warren ballad, " If You Asked Me To ," in 1989. The song peaked at #10 on the Adult Contemporary chart. It was later covered by Céline Dion in 1992 when hit peaked at #1 on both the Pop & A/C charts. Patti entered the 1990s on a high but not without tragedy. That year, she lost her third sister to cancer . Patti's two elder sisters had similar fates, with the oldest dying in 1977 (at the height of LaBelle's success) and the second-eldest dying in 1982. Her brother, father and mother all followed suit dying around the same time making Patti the only living member of her extended family while being the mother of six kids - one born by Patti, three of one of her sisters' children and two adopted and wife of Armstead Edwards (married since 1969), who had become her manager. LaBelle herself was diagnosed with diabetes in 1995. She is a spokeswoman for the American Diabetes Association , and has published two cookbooks targeted at people with diabetes, containing low-sugar and low-fat recipes. In 2005, LaBelle began appearing in advertisements for OneTouch Ultra and later for OneTouch Ultra2 , a manufacturer of blood glucose monitoring systems for people with diabetes. In 1991, Patti released the critically-acclaimed, Gold selling Burnin' album, which helped Patti win her first Grammy Award for Best R&B Female Vocal Performance . " Burnin' " featured the hits, "Somebody Loves You Baby (You Know Who It Is)", "When You've Been Blessed (Feels Like Heaven)" and "Feels Like Another One." That album is also notable because it includes the first Labelle reunion recording (with Sarah Dash and Nona Hendryx on the track "Release Yourself") That success continued onto subsequent albums like 1994's Gems (featuring the hit, "The Right Kinda Lover"), 1997's Flame (featuring the hit, "When You Talk About Love"), and 1998's Live One Night Only (which won her a second Grammy). 2000 and beyond In 2000, in a stunning move, she divorced her husband, Armstead. The same year, she released When A Woman Loves, an album mostly of heartbroken toned Adult Contemporary songs by Diane Warren . Surprisingly, the album did not score an Adult Contemporary chart hit with the title track. LaBelle's musical legacy would be heard on several tracks by younger R&B and Hip-hop artists'; such as "Lady Marmalade" (resung by Christina Aguilera , Lil' Kim , Pink and Mya on the soundtrack of Moulin Rouge! , which became a #1 hit all over again 26 years after LaBelle's original version topped the charts). She also appeared, though briefly, in a performance of the song at the 2002 Grammy Awards. "Love, Need & Want You" was sampled by rapper Nelly and Destiny's Child member Kelly Rowland in their #1 hit, "Dilemma" and later by Outkast , who featured LaBelle re-singing parts of the song on their hit, "Ghetto Musick"). "If Only You Knew" has also been covered and sampled in recent years. On February 6 , 2003 , she performed "Way Up There" at a memorial service in honour of the astronauts lost in the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster , which was held at the Washington National Cathedral and attended by Vice President Dick Cheney among others. Patti was nominated for a Grammy for this tune, but lost to Aretha Franklin. She also released a vibrant single of the cut. [1] On Tuesday, July 22, 2003, Patti LaBelle sang the "Ave Maria" at the funeral of the legendary Cuban born 'Salsa Queen' Celia Cruz, held in New York's St. Patrick's Cathedral. The year 2004 saw the release of Timeless Journey, which debuted at #16, making it LaBelle's highest charting album in eighteen years. Songs on the album include "2 Steps Away" and "When You Smile", a tribute song for Celia Cruz featuring Spanish language artists Carlos Santana, Andy Vargas, and La India. She scored modest hits with "New Day", "More Than Material" and, "Gotta Go Solo", a duet with Ronald Isley which peaked at #31 on the R&B chart. Patti also headlined the divas concert live. Patti LaBelle New Day Club Mixes was released to Dj's for club play and reached #1 on the top Played songs in the clubs and reached #11 on the top US Dance charts. In mid-2005, she released Classic Moments, a cover album featuring tracks made popular by other artists. LaBelle has often performed some of her favorite songs by other singers in her concerts. The album featured such songs as "I Can't Make You Love Me", the lead single, "Ain't No Way" (featuring Mary J Blige ), "I'll Stand By You", "Land of the Living (with singer/songwriter Kristine W. ), " and "Your Song" (featuring Elton John ). Shortly after the release of the album, Labelle was unceremoniously dropped from her label. Reports of conflicts with label head Antonio "L.A." Reid were blamed for the dissolution as well as an event where several high profile stars abruptly backed out of appearances at a televised 60th birthday celebration for LaBelle. [1] Patti also appeared on extreme makeover where she sang stand by you at a candlelight vigil. While appearing as a guest on the show Martha on December 23, 2005, Patti LaBelle announced that she is reuniting with Labelle. Patti Labelle was honored by Oprah Winfrey at her Legends Ball. She is also playing Motormouth Maybelle in Hairspray on Broadway. [ edit ] Recent News On March 26, 2007, Patti was honored with a Excellence in Media Award by GLAAD (Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation) for her life-long work for gay and lesbian rights and participation in the fight against AIDS. The award was presented by "Dreamgirls" star, Oscar-winner Jennifer Hudson. "I didn't know you were this nice," Patti said to Jennifer during the 18th annual awards cermony. "I thought you were a bitch," she joked, noting that she had never met Hudson before their joint appearance. Patti spent most of her acceptance speech praising Jennifer, a former American Idol contestant who won an Oscar in February 2007 for her debut portrayal of a pop singer in the musical "Dreamgirls." In a passing-of-the-torch moment that brought a cheering audience to its feet, Patti and Jennifer launched into an a cappella rendition of "Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Seen." Jennifer appeared astonished by Patti's tribute, saying, "You are who I idolize." In June 2006 a previously unreleased BlueBelles track was unearthed and released on an Atlantic compilation CD, "Atlantic Unearthed: Soul Sisters". The name of the track is "(1-2-3-4-5-6-7) Count the Days". LaBelle also appeared in the movie preaching to the choir as Sister Jasmine the Choir Director. LaBelle sang four songs for the album which included: Going To My Fathers House (which she belted two very high notes that chart at about C6) [citation needed] , How I Got Over and Preaching To The Choir with Labelle. Patti also appears on the soundtrack to chicken little where she duets one of her old songs stir it up with Joss Stone . Patti made an appearance on celebrity duets where she performed 3 songs: "Lady Marmalade," "Over the Rainbow" with Jai Rodriguez, and "On My Own" with show host Wayne Brady. November 2006 Patti paid tribute to Dusty Springfield, singing a tribute to her at the UK Music Hall of Fame at Alexandra Palace, London, England. On November 21, 2006, " The Gospel According To Patti LaBelle " was released. [2] As a promotion, all copies sold at Wal-Mart have a bonus track, "The Lord's Prayer." The Gospel According To Patti LaBelle debuted at #86 on the Billboard 200 , #17 on the R&B chart and #1 on the Gospel Albums chart. The unit sales of the first week have tallied up to a respectable 18,000 units sold. Earlier in 2006, LaBelle performed at the 2006 Super Bowl Gospel Celebration. [3] Labelle was prominently featured alongside Fantasia and Yolanda Adams on the remake of Stevie Wonder 's " I Wish ", on the soundtrack to " Happy Feet ". LaBelle will also be featured on "What About Love", the lead track from the soundtrack to The Color Purple: The Musical. [3] Patti has been noted for her unending kindness. In 2006 Patti pulled up a young boy on stage to sing with her. Praising the child, named Joey, she recalled the various times she had met him and given him a rose. On April 14, 2007 LaBelle called the boy up along with a man who prayed for her. She gave the boy a lily and had him sing three songs with her. He truly loves her and has commented "Lord Knows I Love My Patti!" On April 29th , 2007 , Patti appeared and sang at the 2007 Fort Lauderdale AIDS Walk in South Florida .
luther vandross
Luther Ronzoni Vandross, Jr. ( April 20 , 1951 – July 1 , 2005 ) was an eight-time Grammy -winning American R&B and soul singer and songwriter . During his career, Vandross sold over 25 million albums [1] and won eight Grammy awards [2] including Best Male R&B Vocal Performance four times. He won four Grammy Awards in 2004 including the Grammy Award for Song of the Year for the track "Dance With My Father", [3] co-written with Richard Marx . Contents[ hide ] 1 Biography 1.1 1951-2006: Early life and career 1.2 1980-2003: Career success 1.3 2003-2005: Illness and death 1.4 Personal life 2 Influences and followers 3 Legacy 3.1 Tribute 3.2 Posthumous releases 4 Discography 5 Further reading 6 References 7 See also 8 External links 8.1 Obituaries // [ edit ] Biography [ edit ] 1951-2006: Early life and career Born on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in New York City , he was born in Smith Housing Project. At the age three he began playing the piano. Vandross grew up in a musical family that moved to the Bronx when he was thirteen. His sister sang with vocal group The Crests [3] who had a number two hit in the early 1960's with "Sixteen Candles". Vandross' father died of diabetes when Vandross was eight years old. [3] His life-changing moment came when at the age of thirteen he heard Dionne Warwick sing "Anyone Who Had A Heart" (a song he would cover in his later years). [citation needed] Vandross was in a vocal group, "Shades of Jade", in high school which once played at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. [4] His first recording credit was as producer of the album Soul Christmas in 1968 and appeared as a vocalist on the Quincy Jones album Best in 1969. He was also a member of a theater workshop at the time and appeared on the first episode of Sesame Street in November 1968. [5] He attended Western Michigan University for a year, but then dropped out to continue pursuing a career in music. [6] His next recording credit was on an album by Roberta Flack in 1972. Vandross wrote "Everybody Rejoice", [7] for the 1975 Broadway musical and 1978 movie The Wiz . He also appeared as a choir member in the movie. [8] Having co-written " Fascination " for David Bowie 's Young Americans , he went on to tour with him as a back-up vocalist in September 1974. [9] [5] Vandross also sang backing vocals for Diana Ross , Roberta Flack , Carly Simon , Chaka Khan , Donna Summer , Bette Midler , Chic , and Barbra Streisand . During the beginning of his career, Vandross was content to remain mostly in the background, as a producer and backup singer for other artists. Flack encouraged Vandross into starting his own career. She believed he was an incredible talent who, in addition to his songwriting and production skills, deserved to be heard. [citation needed] Before his breakthrough, he released two albums with a singing group he formed, also called Luther, on Cotillion Records . [citation needed] The group had a successful single entitled "It's Good for the Soul", although their two albums - the self-titled Luther in 1976 and This Close to You in 1977 - were not successful. Vandross bought back the rights to these albums after the record label dropped the group, preventing their later re-release. [citation needed] Vandross also wrote and sang commercials jingles during the late 1970s & early 1980s, [3] earning upwards of $600,000 per year around the New York area. [citation needed] He created and often sang jingles for such advertising campaigns as Kentucky Fried Chicken 's "We Do Chicken Right", [citation needed] NBC 's "Proud As A Peacock" [citation needed] and The US Army 's "Be All You Can Be". [citation needed] Vandross also voiced a cartoon character named Zack for 3 Saturday morning animated PSA spots for ABC Television called "Zack of All Trades". [citation needed] Vandross continued his successful career as a popular session singer during the late 70's. His lead vocals can be heard on the Gregg Diamond produced single "Hot Butterfly" from Bionic Boogie in 1978 which gained moderate club success. [citation needed] [ edit ] 1980-2003: Career success Luther Vandross' Greatest Hits With some contributions from friend and songwriter/producer, Wayne K. Garfield [citation needed] (see the 11th chapter of Luther's biography—Luther: The Life and Longing of Luther Vandross by Craig Seymour (Harper-Collins)), Vandross finally made his long desired career breakthrough as a featured singer with the vaunted pop-dance act Change , a studio concept created by French-Italian bussinessman Jacques Fred Petrus (1949-1986) with songs written and produced by his Italian co-workers Davide Romani , Paolo Gianolio and Mauro Malavasi . Their 1980 hits, "A Lover's Holiday" (by Romani and Willoughby), "The Glow of Love" (by Romani, Malavasi and Garfield) and "Searching" (by Malavasi), of which Vandross sang on the last two, opened up the world for Vandross. And there was no doubt about whether Vandross liked the song "The Glow of Love". In an interview that Vibe Magazine did with him in 2001 Vandross said, "Wayne, this is the most beautiful song I've ever sung in my life." [citation needed] Vandross was also originally intended to perform on the second and highly successful Change album "Miracles" in 1981, but declined the offer as Petrus offered too little money and Vandross was replaced by James "Crabs" Robinson. Vandross' decision rapidly led to a recording contract with Epic Records that same year but didn't stop him from doing some background vocals on "Miracles" and on the new Petrus created acts, NYC band, The B. B. & Q. band in 1981. During that hectic year Vandross jump-started his second attempt at a solo career with his debut album, Never Too Much . In addition to the hit title track, it contained a version of the Burt Bacharach / Hal David song " A House Is Not a Home ". The album went double platinum, [citation needed] with the song "Never Too Much" reaching number-one on the R&B charts. This period also marked the beginning of frequent songwriting collaboration with bassist Marcus Miller , who played on many of the tracks and would also produce or co-produce a number of tracks for Vandross. Vandross released a series of successful albums during the 1980s and continued his session work with guest vocals on groups like Charme in 1982. However, Vandross' performance of "The Glow Of Love", garnered his first number one recording atop Billboard's Dance/Club charts for an incredible 16 weeks which was acknowledged by a " #1 Chart Longevity Award " from Billboard's Dance Music Forum as well as the "#3 all-time greatest dance hit recording" from Billboard's 100th Anniversary issue! [citation needed] Interestingly enough, superstar Janet Jackson's Grammy Award-winning, multi-chart, multi-platinum recording, "All For You", which was based upon "The Glow Of Love" made industry history as the first-ever record to be added to all major radio formats on the day of release. Although the albums were very successful overall, many of his earlier albums made a much bigger impact on the R&B charts. [citation needed] Vandross had more modest success on the pop charts during this time. During the 1980s, Vandross had two other singles that reached number-one on the R&B charts: "Stop to Love", in 1986, and a duet with Gregory Hines —"There's Nothing Better Than Love." [citation needed] He was also an in-demand producer; [citation needed] he was at the helm for Aretha Franklin's albums Jump To It and Get It Right. In 1983, the opportunity to work with his main music influence, Dionne Warwick , came true. Vandross produced and wrote songs in addition to singing on How Many Times Can We Say Goodbye, her fourth album for Arista. The title track duet became a smash hit overall on the charts, but especially on the R&B and Adult Contemporary chart. [citation needed] The album's second single, "Got a Date" became a moderate hit. The "How Many Times Can We Say Goodbye" album is still highly sought after. [citation needed] The 1989 compilation of greatest hits, The Best of Luther Vandross...The Best of Love , included the ballad "Here and Now", the first Vandross single to chart in the Billboard pop chart top ten. He also won his first Grammy award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance in the 1991 . "Here and Now" became a staple at weddings, and on Soft AC radio. [citation needed] In addition, the song allowed him to expand his musical horizons beyond R&B; his songs also became popular on smooth jazz radio. Vandross' From Luther With Love: The Videos DVD More albums followed in the 1990s, beginning with 1991's Power of Love which spawned two top ten pop hits. He won his second Best Male R&B Vocal in the Grammy Awards of 1992 with the track "Power of Love/Love Power" winning the Grammy Award for Best R&B Song in the same year. In 1992, "The Best Things in Life Are Free", a duet with Janet Jackson from the movie Mo' Money became a hit. In 1993, Vandross had a nonspeaking role in the Robert Townsend movie Meteor Man . He played a hit man who plotted to stop Townsend's title character. Vandross hit the top ten again in 1994 with Mariah Carey , doing a cover of Lionel Richie and Diana Ross 's hit duet " Endless Love ." The song appears on his album Songs . He also appears on Frank Sinatra 's posthumous Duets album. In the Grammy Awards of 1997 , he won his third Best Male R&B Vocal for the track "Your Secret Love". A second greatest hits album, released in 1997, compiled most of his 1990s hits and was his final album released through Epic Records. After releasing I Know on Virgin Records, he signed with J Records . His first album on Clive Davis 's new label, entitled Luther Vandross, was released in 2001 , and it produced the hits "Take You Out", "Grown Thangs" and "I'd Rather". [citation needed] In 2003, Vandross released the album Dance With My Father The title track, which was dedicated to the memory of the younger Vandross' childhood dances with his father, won Luther and his co-writer, Richard Marx , the 2004 Grammy Award for Song Of The Year . The song also won Vandross his fourth and final award in the Best Male R&B Vocal Performance category. The album was his first to reach number one on the Billboard album chart. [citation needed] The video for the title track features a various celebrities alongside their fathers and other family members. Celebrities such as Beyoncé , Celine Dion , Jason Kidd , Stevie Wonder and Quincy Jones submitted home videos or pictures of their families for the music video. [citation needed] Vandross's last known recording was his signature version of " One Shining Moment ", [citation needed] CBS 's closing theme song of the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship . [ edit ] 2003-2005: Illness and death Luther Vandross's final album, Dance with My Father (2003). Vandross had diabetes , [3] a disease that ran in his family, as well as hypertension . His weight fluctuated over the years, with Vandross weighing over 300 pounds (136 kg) at his heaviest. [citation needed] His father, Luther Sr., died of complications from diabetes when Luther Jr. was seven years old. Luther Jr.'s two sisters and a brother also predeceased him. [citation needed] On April 16 , 2003 , just 4 days before his 52nd birthday, Vandross suffered a stroke in his home in Manhattan . [3] Though the cause of Vandross' stroke was not specifically attributed to diabetes, diabetics have been identified as being much more susceptible to strokes than non-diabetics. He appeared briefly on videotape at the 2004 Grammys to accept his Song of the Year award. Other than an appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show, he was never seen in public again. On the videotape on which Vandross appeared, he sent an emotional message that said: "Whenever I say goodbye it's never for long because I believe in the power of love". [3] Vandross died on July 1 , 2005 at John F. Kennedy Medical Center in Edison, New Jersey at the age of 54. [5] At this time, the cause of death was not known, although hospital spokesman Rob Cavanaugh has said that Vandross never recovered from the 2003 stroke. [citation needed] It was reported that he died peacefully, surrounded by his family and friends. [citation needed] The Rev. Jesse Jackson , a friend of Vandross, described him as "a boy so mellow, so powerful; a boy of rare, rare vintage. We lost Luther very early because of his medical condition, but his legacy will be a powerful legacy." [citation needed] His funeral was in New York City on July 8 , 2005 . [10] After two days of viewing, Vandross was laid to rest in George Washington Memorial Park in Paramus, New Jersey . [11] [ edit ] Personal life During Vandross's entire career, he was dogged by questions regarding his sexuality . A lifelong bachelor , his name was never romantically linked in the media with women. Although Vandross never explicitly denied being gay , he never publicly acknowledged it either. He generally attempted to steer questioners away from the issue altogether by saying that his busy lifestyle made marriage difficult and indicated that it wasn't what he wanted. [12] After his death, an article in Out magazine had several of Vandross' friends, including gay comedy writer Bruce Vilanch , claiming that Luther was indeed a very unhappily closeted gay man. [13] [ edit ] Influences and followers Vandross was inspired by the soul divas of the 1960s and 1970s : Dionne Warwick, Patti LaBelle , Diana Ross , and Aretha Franklin , whom he eventually produced. Vandross' songs have also been performed numerous times by American Idol contestants. Notable covers include Season 1 Finalist Tamyra Gray 's version of "Dance With My Father" on Boston Public and "A House Is Not a Home", which many consider one of the greatest performances in the show's history. [citation needed] Second season winner Ruben Studdard has also performed "A House Is Not a Home" and—more infamously—"Superstar". [citation needed] R&B artist Keyshia Cole included a version of "Never Too Much" on her 2005 debut album The Way It Is . He is also the main influence of upcoming recording artist, Purpose who almost is a complete sound alike of Luther himself. [1] Vandross performed many covers of older songs , such as " Since I Lost My Baby " (originally recorded by The Temptations ), "Love the One You're With" (originally recorded by Stephen Stills), "Superstar/Until You Come Back to Me" (" Superstar " was a hit for The Carpenters and "Until You Come Back To Me" was a 1974 hit for Aretha Franklin ), "Love Won't Let Me Wait" (originally recorded by Major Harris), "Always and Forever" (originally recorded by Heatwave ), " If This World Were Mine " (a duet with Cheryl Lynn , originally recorded by Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell ), "Creepin'" and "Knocks Me Off My Feet" (both originally recorded by Stevie Wonder ), "Hello" (the 1984 number-one hit by Lionel Richie ), "Lovely Day" (originally recorded by Bill Withers ), "Killing Me Softly" (a hit for Roberta Flack ) and the Bacharach/David standard, "A House Is Not A Home." Vandross's hit "Love Power" included snippets of the soul classic "The Power of Love". Another hit, "Bad Boy (Having a Party)", contained a passage from Sam Cooke 's "Having a Party". Vandross inspired his J Records labelmate, Ruben Studdard , the American Idol winner of 2003. [citation needed] Besides Studdard, Vandross also inspired countless other artists, both male and female, such as Boyz II Men , Usher , Beyoncé , Alicia Keys , and Brandy . [citation needed] It was with Beyoncé that he recorded yet another cover of a well-known song, "The Closer I Get to You", originally recorded by Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway . [ edit ] Legacy [ edit ] Tribute On September 20 , 2005 , the album So Amazing: An All-Star Tribute to Luther Vandross was released. The album is a collection of some of Luther's songs performed by various artists, including Stevie Wonder , Mary J. Blige , Usher , Fantasia , Beyoncé , Donna Summer , Alicia Keys , Elton John , Celine Dion , Wyclef Jean , Babyface , Patti LaBelle , John Legend , Angie Stone , Jamie Foxx and Aretha Franklin . Aretha Franklin won a Grammy for her rendition of "A House Is Not a Home," and Stevie Wonder and Beyoncé won a Grammy for their cover of "So Amazing." [ edit ] Posthumous releases Luther Vandross's final label, J Records, released a song called "Shine"—an upbeat R&B track that samples Chic 's disco classic "My Forbidden Lover". "Shine" became a massive Top 20 Urban radio hit [citation needed] . The success of the "Shine" led to club mixes of the single. The Freemasons Club Mix of "Shine" became popular on Dance format radio stations and clubs across the U.S.. [citation needed] This and a track entitled "Got You Home" are previously unreleased songs that appeared on The Ultimate Luther Vandross, a greatest hits album on Epic Records / J Records / Legacy Recordings that was released August 22, 2006.
peace
Teddy Pendergrass
Theodore DeReese Pendergrass, Sr. (born March 26 , 1950 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania ) affectionately known as 'Teddy P', "TP", or "Teddy Bear" is an American soul singer . Contents[ hide ] [ edit ] Early life He was born to Ida Geraldine Epps and the late Jesse Pendergrass. Teddy got his start singing gospel in the church, where he was ordained a minister at the age of 10, and sang doo wop tunes on the street corners in North Philadelphia where he grew up. He was a student at the old Thomas Edison High School for Boys. However, he dropped out in the 11th grade to go in the music business. His first taste of show business was in Nova Scotia, Canada with a James Brown clone of a musician named Little Royal [citation needed] . Afterwards, Pendergrass left for unknown reasons. [ edit ] Musical career Pendergrass' career began when he was a drummer for The Cadillacs , which soon merged with Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes . Melvin invited Pendergrass to become the lead singer after he jumped from the rear of a stage and started singing his heart out. Months later the group signed with Gamble & Huff on the then CBS subsidiary Philadelphia International Records in 1972. The Blue Notes had hits such as "I Miss You", "Bad Luck", "Wake Up Everybody", "The Two Million Seller", " If You Don't Know Me By Now ", and many more. Following personality conflicts between Melvin and Pendergrass and a brief stint with Teddy leading a group of Blue Notes [citation needed] , Pendergrass launched a solo career and released hit singles like "The More I Get the More I Want", "Close The Door" also redone by Boyz ll Men in 2004, "I Don't Love You Anymore", "Turn Off The Lights", and more. Pendergrass was the first African-American singer to sell five platinum albums in a row. He also began his practice of ladies-only concerts, for which he remains well-known [citation needed] . His first solo album was self titled Teddy Pendergrass (1977), followed by Life Is a Song Worth Singing (1978), Live Coast to Coast and Teddy (1979), 1980's TP and the final Philadelphia International Records album It's Time For Love (1981). In august 1982 PIR also released "This one's for you" while TP was recovering. Even in 1983 the album "Heaven Only Knows" was released. This was his last album containing his pre-accident recordings. Ten years after the accident, he recorded a version of "One Shining Moment," the theme for March Madness Basketball on CBS. [ edit ] Personal life On March 18 , 1982 , in the Germantown section of Philadelphia , Pendergrass was involved in an automobile accident when the brakes failed on his Rolls-Royce and he hit a tree leaving him paralyzed from the waist down with a spinal cord injury. In the car with him was a transvestite, Tenika Watson, 31, an exotic dancer with an extensive rap-sheet, though he never explained his relationship with Watson [1] . They were trapped in the auto 45 minutes after the 1:30 A.M. accident. The police said there were no indications of drug or alcohol use. He was taken to a center at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital for treatment. Miss Watson was released after treatment at a hospital. Pendergrass spent six months in rehabilitation. After completing physical therapy, he returned to the studio to record the album Love Language, featuring the 1984 ballad "Hold Me", a duet with the then upcoming star Whitney Houston . He also returned to the public for a performance on July 13 , 1985 at the historic Live Aid concert in Philadelphia, then continued to record throughout the 1980s and 90s . Pendergrass has published a biography with Patricia Romanowski, entitled 'Truly Blessed'. Pendergrass divorced Karen Still-Pendergrass in 2002, after 15 years of marriage, stating irreconcilable differences. In 2006, Teddy Pendergrass announced on a radio station in New York that he has officially retired from the music business. [citation needed] [ edit ] Discography 1977 – Teddy Pendergrass – The Right Stuff 1978 – Life Is a Song Worth Singing – The Right Stuff 1979 – Teddy – The Right Stuff 1979 – Live! Coast to Coast – Philadelphia International 1980 – TP – The Right Stuff 1981 – It's Time for Love – Philadelphia International 1982 - This One's For You - Philadelphia International 1983 - Heaven Only Knows - Philadelphia International 1984 – Love Language – Asylum 1985 – Workin' It Back – Asylum 1988 – Joy – Elektra 1991 – Truly Blessed – Elektra 1993 – A Little More Magic – Elektra 1997 – You and I – Surefire 1998 – This Christmas I'd Rather Have Love – Surefire/Wind Up 2002 – From Teddy With Love (live) – Razor & Tie AMG Track Picks Love T.K.O., Turn Off the Lights, Get Up, Get Down, Get Funky, Get Loose [ edit ] Grammy Awards history Career Stats Career Wins: 0 Career Nominations: 5 Best Male R&B Vocal Performance "Voodoo" Nominated 1994 " How Can You Mend a Broken Heart? " Nominated 1992 "Joy" Nominated 1989 "I Can't Live Without Your Love" Nominated 1982 "Close the Door" Nominated 1979
Tavares
Tavares
Tavares (also known as The Tavares Brothers) is a successful American R&B , disco , and soul music band , composed of five brothers from New Bedford, Massachusetts . Contents[ hide ] 1 Band members 2 Biography 3 Chart singles 4 External link 5 References 6 See also // [ edit ] Band members Ralph - Ralph Viera Tavares, born 10 December 1948 . Pooch - Arthur Paul Tavares, b. 12 November 1949 . Chubby - Antone Lee Tavares, b. 2 June 1950 . Butch - Feliciano Tavares, b. 18 May 1953 . Tiny - Perry Lee Tavares, b. 24 October 1954 . [ edit ] Biography The Tavares brothers, of Cape Verde descent, started performing in 1964 as Chubby and the Turnpikes when the youngest brother was 13 years old. By 1973 they signed with Capitol Records , scoring their first R&B Top 10 (Pop Top 40) hit with "Check it Out" that same year, and soon began charting regularly on the R&B and pop charts. Their first album included their brother Victor, who dropped out of the group shortly after. In 1974 Tavares had a #1 R&B hit with Hall & Oates ' "She's Gone" (which became a hit for Hall & Oates as well the following year). Tavares followed up that success with "Remember What I Told You To Forget." 1975 turned out to be their most successful year chart-wise, chalking up a Top 40 Pop album (In the City) and their biggest hit, the Top 10 Pop/#1 R&B smash "It Only Takes a Minute", which was later successfully covered by Jonathan King and Take That . This was followed by a a string of hits: "Heaven Must Be Missing an Angel" (1976), "Don't Take Away the Music" (1976), and "Whodunit" (1977), among others. Many of their hits, however, underplayed their R&B background and gave the group the image of being a disco act. This perception was reinforced by their appearance on the soundtrack to the film Saturday Night Fever in 1977. Tavares recorded the Bee Gees track "More Than a Woman," and their version reached the Pop Top 40 that year. The soundtrack became one of the most successful in history, giving Tavares their only Grammy . Later albums, such as Madame Butterfly and Supercharged, strayed from the disco format and were less successful on the Pop chart (although they continued to have Top 10 R&B hits such as "Never Had a Love Like This Before" and "Bad Times"). At the start of the 1980s, Tavares left Capitol Records , signing with RCA . They had one last major hit, the ballad "A Penny for Your Thoughts", in 1982, but subsequent releases failed to match this success. In 1983 , Ralph Tavares stepped down from the group, and Tiny left in the mid 1990s, but the other three brothers continue to tour. Butch Tavares is now a local producer residing in New Hampshire where he is happily married to his wife Elizabeth. Their hit song "It Only Takes a Minute" is featured in the soundtrack of Konami 's dancing game Dance Dance Revolution 3rd Mix . [ edit ] Chart singles Month of chart entry Single US label US Billboard R&B Chart US Billboard Pop Chart UK Singles Chart Aug 1973 Check It Out Capitol 5 35 - Jan 1974 That’s The Sound That Lonely Makes Capitol 10 70 - May 1974 Too Late Capitol 10 59 - Sept 1974 She’s Gone Capitol 1 50 - Jan 1975 Remember What I Told You To Forget Capitol 4 25 - July 1975 It Only Takes A Minute Capitol 1 10 - Nov 1975 Free Ride Capitol 8 52 - Feb 1976 The Love I Never Had Capitol 11 - - May 1976 Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel Capitol 3 15 4 Oct 1976 Don’t Take Away The Music Capitol 14 34 4 Feb 1977 Mighty Power Of Love Capitol - - 25 Mar 1977 Whodunit Capitol 1 22 5 July 1977 Goodnight My Love Capitol 14 - - July 1977 One Step Away Capitol - - 16 Nov 1977 More Than A Woman Capitol 36 34 7 Feb 1978 The Ghost of Love Capitol 48 - 29 July 1978 Timber Capitol 94 - - Aug 1978 Slow Train To Paradise Capitol - - 62 Nov 1978 Never Had A Love Like This Before Capitol 5 - - May 1979 Straight From The Heart Capitol 77 - - Dec 1979 Bad Times Capitol 10 47 - Apr 1980 I Can’t Go On Living Without You Capitol 42 - - Oct 1980 Love Uprising Capitol 17 - - Feb 1981 Loneliness Capitol 64 - - July 1981 Turn Out The Nightlight Capitol 45 - - Oct 1981 Loveline Capitol 47 - - Aug 1982 A Penny For Your Thoughts RCA 16 33 - Feb 1983 Got To Find My Way Back To You RCA 24 - - Sept 1983 Deeper In Love RCA 10 - - Nov 1983 Words And Music RCA 29 - - Feb 1986 Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel ( Ben Liebrand remix) Capitol - - 12
Funkjazzsoul.net podcasts
