View How-to Tutorials
* Savings claim is based on (1) eMusic's most popular price per track ($0.49) and eMusic's most popular Monthly Basic plan ($11.99), and (2) assuming that all monthly credits in a member account are utilized and (3) iTunes's prices of $0.99 a track. eMusic and the eMusic logo are either trademarks or registered trademark of eMusic.com Inc. in the USA or other countries.
Terms and conditions of this offer: Get an additional $20.00 music credit free with your first month of paid eMusic membership. Offer available to first-time eMusic music customers in the US, 18 years of age or older. Internet access, registration, and credit or debit card required. To cancel visit www.emusic.com/cancel. Music plans start at $11.99/month. Limited Time Offer. Offer and eMusic's prices are subject to change without notice and are subject to eMusic's terms of use. eMusic and the eMusic logo are trademarks of eMusic.com Inc. in the US or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners, none of whom is a partner or sponsor of eMusic.
© 1998 - Sat Jan 01 13:22:42 EST 2011 eMusic.com Inc. eMusic and the eMusic logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks in the USA or other countries. All rights reserved.
© Sat Jan 01 13:22:42 EST 2011  Rovi Corporation.
Portions of Content provided by Rovi Corporation. For personal non-commercial use only. All rights reserved.
Facebook®, YouTube, Flickr™ and Wikipedia® are registered trademarks of their respective owners, Facebook Inc., Google, Inc., Yahoo! Inc. and Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.   Neither Facebook Inc., Google, Inc., Yahoo! Inc. nor Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. are partners or sponsors of eMusic. eMusic uses the Facebook, Flickr, YouTube and Wikipedia   API but is not endorsed or certified by Facebook, Flickr, YouTube and Wikipedia. eMusic does not pre-screen, monitor, endorse nor assume any liability for websites,   contents, products, services or claims made by Facebook, YouTube, Flickr™ and Wikipedia®.
Legal or copyright question regarding Facebook, YouTube, Flickr or Wikipedia content on eMusic? Please email us.
