The triumph and tragedy of Marvin Gaye - CNN
The triumph and tragedy of Marvin Gaye
Share this on:
June 08, 2004|By Todd Leopold CNN
You have to start with the voice.
Marvin Gaye's voice was a remarkably versatile instrument, sometimes gossamer, sometimes guttural, always expressive and emotional.
It could sound angrily bereft ("I Heard It Through the Grapevine"), fatalistic ("That's the Way Love Is"), rapturous ("You're All I Need to Get By"), carefree ("Too Busy Thinking About My Baby"), sadly perplexed ("What's Going On"), cold-hearted ("The End of Our Road") and -- perhaps most famously -- meltingly, yearningly erotic, as on one of the most celebrated love-man songs ever, "Let's Get It On."
Advertisement
Away from the voice, there was the face, handsome and matinee-idol smooth, and the sheer talent. Gaye was a fine drummer, a terrific pianist and a natural arranger, multiplying his vocals to summon forth the doo-wop bands and gospel choirs of his youth. His vocal mannerisms have been widely influential: Listen to a Michael Jackson "hooo!" and you're hearing Marvin Gaye.
And yet, as Michael Eric Dyson observes in his new biography, "Mercy, Mercy Me: The Art, Loves & Demons of Marvin Gaye" (Basic Books) -- or, as Dyson calls it, a "work of bio-criticism" -- Gaye was a troubled man.
His father, a Pentecostal preacher, beat him; an uncle sodomized him, according to the book; he had two messy marriages and lost his great singing partner (and romantic interest, according to Dyson's sources), Tammi Terrell, to a brain tumor; and he was forever torn between sex and God, a duality that emerged triumphantly in his music but sent the singer into a maelstrom of drug abuse.
He was a flawed genius.
"As the son of a preacher ... he was deeply imbued with the love ethic. ... Love God and love your neighbors," says Dyson, himself an ordained clergyman as well as a professor at the University of Pennsylvania. The socially conscious album "What's Going On," Dyson observes, "was as complete a sermon as you hear in church."
And yet, given his strict upbringing, Gaye was caught in a "sturm und drang ... singing the devil's music," Dyson says. "That tension -- that yearning and desire -- all that's attributable to the stormy passions [of his youth]."
Dyson sees Gaye's life as symbolic of many struggles, particularly those of the African-American male. With the unearthing of old recordings and new information about the singer, as well as the 20th anniversary of his death in April, Dyson believed the time was right for a discussion of Gaye's legacy.
1
