Posted on Wednesday, October 06, 2004 - 2:12 pm:   
   
Hey Ju!
Good point about the cornball supper stuff. However, I'll try to give a different point of view about the two men as artists.
First, Sam came out of the church & was taken under the wings of one of The Soul Stirrers, only one of the greatest Gospel groups of all time. Marvin definitely is at a disadvantage there.
Now, as for the Supper club music, you have to consider the following:
Sam's first secular music were recorded for White owned labels. Bob Keane of Keen records intended to make Sam a Pop idol. In spite of Sam's gospel background, Bob took Sam far away from that Gospel background & had him sing Pop. We must also consider the landscape for Black artists in those days. In Pop music, the most popular Black artists were basically those who sang standards & light airy ballads. The Black entertainers who were getting over at that time were singers like Nat King Cole, Johnny Mathis, Sammy Davis Jr. & Harry Belafonte.
As such, that was the model Bob Keane & Sam used, in attempting to break Sam as a Pop artist. Soul was not on Sam's initial agenda, as that wasn't where the perceived "real" money was. That was the sensibility of Bob & Sam.
The next label that Sam recorded for was RCA, a major White label. RCA was a label who had no real dealing with Black music as regards R&B. RCA was notorious for their deficiencies as regards promoting & selling Black music. They too, sought to make Sam a Pop idol. They paired him with Hugo & Luigi & Sam had more than a few problems with the direction that they tokk his music. Still, the idea was to make him a Pop star, not a R&B star. On the other hand.....
Marvin came up under the R&B icons, Harvey Fuqua & The Moonglows. That was where he got he initial schooling & from there, Harvey took Marvin along with him to Motown. Now, Motown was not a Pop label, not in the beginning. Motown recorded a lot of the Blues artists & rough R&B in the early days.
With that as a backdrop, Marvin wasn't groomed to be a Pop idol. Marvin was cast as a R&B dance artist & he didn't like it. He badgered Berry, until Berry relented & released that Pop Standards LP that Marvin wanted to do. When the LP flopped, that was the end of that experiment. The fact is that the fans didn't want to hear Marvin croon. They saw him as a R&B man & they wanted to hear Marvin sing his hits, not croon "In My Solitude". Marvin was hampered by that & the fact that Berry didn't see Marvin as a balladeering Pop artist.
As Sam came straight out the box & gained his initial acceptance & success as a Pop artist is the main reason for his success with the Supper Club set. And even that success wasn't immediate, as he totally flopped in his initial forays into that world. It wasn't until his date at The Copa, that he finally gained acceptance with that crowd & it didn't come easy. Regardless, Sam was marketed Pop, Marvin wasn't. Sam's Pop endeavors had the complete support of Keen & RCA. Motown didn't support Marvin in his Pop aspirations, nor encourage his either. Had he received Motowns' support, he could have accomplished it. We know that just wasn't the direction that Motown had in mind.......for Marvin, that is. Motown had that idea for another group, whom we know well.
I think that Marvin covered many bases & very well at that. Marvin was a Pop star in his own right, an R&B, then Soul star. He negotiated a little Funk & overcame Disco, which killed many careers. Sam never had to negotiate the landmine of Disco, though I believe that he'd have handled it as well. I just believe that Marvin's music had textures that Sam never got the chance to attempt. Whereas, Marvin's music embraced different rhythms, textures & emotions, Sam's music was pretty basic & not very complicated.
Marvin lived just long enough to try things that Sam didn't get the opportunity to try. The industry was a quite a bit different in Sam's day. In some respects, one might say that Sam not noly died too soon, but was born too soon as well. Could you imagine Booker T & The MGs, The Funk Brothers, Atlantic's Rhythm section, MFSB or the Hi Rhythm section playing behind Sam????
I love them both!
