 windows media players,      click to download the FREE software.
Performer: Marvin Gaye
Artist: Ray Parker, Jr.; Wilton Felder
Engineer: Fred Ross; Art Stewart...
Producer: Hal Davis; Leon Ware; T-Boy Ross; Hal David...
Distributor: Universal Distribution
Notes: Personnel: Marvin Gaye (vocals); Malvin "Wah Wah" Ragin, Ray Parker, Jr, David T. Walker, Dennis Coffey, Jay Graydon (guitar); Sonny Burke, John Barnes, Jerry Peters (keyboards); Chuck Rainey, Wilton Felder, Ron Brown, Henry Davis (bass); James Gadson (drums); Gary Coleman, John "Jack" Arnold, Bobbye Jean Hall, Eddie "Bongo" Brown (percussion). Recorded at Motown Studios & Marvin Gaye Recording Studios, Los Angeles, California. All tracks have been digitally remastered. Personnel: Marvin Gaye (vocals); Malvin "Wah Wah" Ragin, Ray Parker, Jr, David T. Walker, Dennis Coffey, Jay Graydon (guitar); Sonny Burke, John Barnes, Jerry Peters (keyboards); Chuck Rainey, Wilton Felder, Ron Brown, Henry Davis (bass); James Gadson (drums); Gary Coleman, John "Jack" Arnold, Bobbye Jean Hall, Eddie "Bongo" Brown (percussion). Recorded at Motown Studios and Marvin Gaye Recording Studios, Los Angeles, California. All tracks have been digitally remastered. Composer: Leon Ware. Personnel: Marvin Gaye (vocals, keyboards, drums); David T. Walker, Dennis Coffey, Jay Graydon, Melvin "Wah Wah" Ragin, Ray Parker, Jr. (guitar); John Barnes, Sonny Burke , Jerry Peters (piano, Fender Rhodes piano); James Gadson (drums); Eddie "Bongo" Brown, Bobbye Hall (congas, bongos); John Arnold , Gary Coleman (percussion). Audio Mixer: Art Stewart. Recording information: Marvin Gaye Recording Studio, Hollywood, CA; Motown Recording Studio. Another in a series of superb wandering groove albums from the premier sweet soul singer. He took the standard three-minute pop soul song and expanded the format. It is Gaye that is responsible for today's smooching urban R&B; he was for much of his career many years ahead of the game. This has been described as his "oral sex" album, not that the others were not; this has the erotic edge. Built around the title track, the album is a theme album and as such should be played as a whole. There are no "Too Busy Thinking Bout My Baby's" on this; it is a much more challenging but satisfying work.
Q (11/03, p.132) - 4 stars out of 5 - "...Brilliant..." Mojo (Publisher) (10/03, p.128) - 4 stars out of 5 - "...[A] beatific masterpiece....'All The Way Round' sounds raw and passionate..."
Marvin Gaye began his career in the late 1950s, singing with various R&B vocal groups. Soon he moved on to work as a session drummer and vocalist at Motown. Gaye's own '60s albums are marked by propulsive, high-energy R&B, and duets with Mary Wells and Tammi Terrell. In the '70s, he crafted a unique, highly personal vision of R&B, incorporating socio-political issues, atmospheric arrangements, and unified album themes. His early, violent death robbed the world of a true genius.
Also Appears On:
