Posted by dOk | Filed under 1976 , Funk , Soul
Leon Ware’s classic Motown offering from 1976 came about as the result  of another classic recording done by Marvin Gaye. Ware had written the  single “I Want You” for a demo recording to score T-Boy Ross a recording  contract with Motown. Berry Gordy heard it and told Ware he had to have  the song for Marvin Gaye’s next single. He took it to Gaye, who also  loved it. Later, as Ware finished the tracks and orchestrations for his  own album, he was playing it back for friends at Gaye’s home when Marvin  came out of a bedroom to inquire about what it was. He asked for — and  received — all the tracks from Ware for the legendary I Want You  album. This left Ware no choice but to compose an entirely new set of  songs for his own record; the result is Musical Massage. (It should be  noted that, according to Ware, Gordy, Gaye, and others felt he should  also give this album away as a follow-up to I Want You, but Ware  refused.) Musical Massage is the perfect mix of soul, light funk, jazz,  and what was about to become the rhythmic foundation for disco. Picture  the Motown song orchestrations with arrangements by Barry White for the  Salsoul Orchestra and you get a bit of the picture. The disc opens with  two smooth soul wonders in “Learning How to Love You” and “Instant  Love.” Strings dominate the melodic arrangement and Ware croons directly  to them as Ray Parker, Jr. fills the lines with a silky but chunky  guitar. Ware’s mellifluous tenor is deep in the swell of strings and  guitars as the rest of the band provides a shimmering backbeat for his  soul crooning. On a re-recording of the track “Body Heat” — which Ware  had recorded as a duet with Minnie Riperton for Quincy Jones’ album of  the same name a year earlier — Parker and bassist Chuck Rainey set a  groove for Bongo Brown, Gary Coleman, and Bobbye Hall’s percussion orgy.  Ware’s vocals, augmented by a three-piece female choir, cover the tune  with dripping, seductive, sexual energy. Bobby Womack guests on the  title track and “Holiday,” while Gaye also lends a hand on the latter.  Both tracks are spurious soul-funk workouts with fat, smooth grooves  underlying Ware’s gorgeous voice that melts the heart strings like  butter, sounding like the whispering of satin sheets. Produced by Ware  with Hal Davis and engineer Cal Harris, the disc has the same sweet,  swaying feel as Gaye’s I Want You but is a bit tougher, a little funkier  in the breaks. The string arrangements by Dave Blumbery and  Coleridge-Taylor Perkinson are among the best the Motown studios issued  to date. Ultimately, Musical Massage is a little-known classic from the  supposedly twilight years of Motown. This record reveals Ware as a  talented but undercelebrated visionary; he envisioned the evolution of  soul and went about to bring it to fruition. Musical Massage is a  watermark not only for Ware, but for Motown as well.
I’m posting 2 different version beacause the Expanded edition of the original Musical Massage album contains an  additional 5 bonus tracks from the Marvin Gaye ‘I Want You’ sessions and  comprehensive liner notes but looses 2 tracks from the original release.
little preview:
01. Learning How To Love You
02. Instant Love with Minnie Riperton
03. Body Heat
05. Holiday with Bobby Womack, Marvin Gaye
06. Phantom Lover
08. Musical Massage with Bobby Womack
09. Comfort (AKA Come Live With Me, Angel) with Minnie Riperton
10. Long Time No See
11. With You
12. I Wanna Be Where You Are
13. French Waltz
14. Best Of Both Worlds
15. Turn Out The Light
Tracklist – Expanded & Remastered
01. Learning How To Love You
02. Instant Love with Minnie Riperton
03. Body Heat
05. Holiday with Bobby Womack, Marvin Gaye
06. Phantom Lover
08. Musical Massage with Bobby Womack
09. French Waltz
10. Turn Out The Light
11. I Wanna Be Where You Are
12. Comfort (AKA Come Live With Me, Angel) with Minnie Riperton
13. Long Time No See
14. Don’t You Wanna Come
15. You Are The Way You Are
Original Release:
