Lives in New York City.
“Marion Cotillard inspires me by her genuineness and by the way she
approaches her roles with a perfect natural and class. Yet, every one
of her performance is strong and unique and her foreign accent is
never a problem for her to be believable in any roles. Because she is
from France I feel a great admiration towards her international
career, and her path is a great example of what I want to achieve.”
Inspired by : Marvin Gaye
Occupation: Actor/Bare Knuckle Boxer
Lives in : Brooklyn
Marvin Gaye played such a big part in my childhood. Mom’s would always play Marvin or Al Green
when she cleaned the house. Little did I know I’d grow up and still be listening to the
same thing 20 years later. He shaped what I thought music should sound like.
He was honest and sexual, and his music had a message. He was the ideal man.
So I guess he had a strong influence on the man that I am today… Also no song
makes me want to get up and dance like “Got to give it up.”
Inspired by: Anjelica Huston
Occupation: Model/Actress
Lives in New York City.
“I love Anjelica  as she represents a very strong woman, Actress and icon, in her very own way she walks the balance between femininity and emancipation on screen and life.”
Inspired by: Peter Allen
Occupation: Actor, Model & Dancer
Lives in New York City
“Peter Allen was being himself at a time when no one else was. To me, he represents intense joy, individuality and courage. I don’t think we would have the Elton John’s or Lady Gaga’s of today without him.”
Inspired by:Jane Birkin
Occupation: Model/blogger
Lives in New York City
“Her life, her lovers, her daughters, her music, her films, her effortless sense of fashion, her sincere engagement in Amnesty International have always been an inspiration. She is a foreigner, yet one of the greatest pillar of the pop culture in France for decades now. She has always been a free spirit, jumping from an occupation to the next.
My favorite image of her is the disturbingly androgynous Jane with short hair and a white tee behind the counter in the film je t’aime moi non plus directed by Serge Gainsbourg.”
I hope you enjoyed this series. It was shot with the Sony Nex 7 , the LA EA2 and the Minolta 35-70mm f4 and the Sigma 30mm 2.8 , video with the Canon 5D3 (coming soon). I noticed the unintimidating effect the Nex7 had on my subjects. The photographer is just testing the light, this can’t be the session yet, the big camera is sitting over there on the tripod, those or similar thoughts where probably crossing their minds and it helped establish a relaxed atmosphere right from the beginning. Update: To watch the video shot during this session click here
If you find this information helpful, please consider helping me maintaining this blog by purchasing your gear through my product links to B&H . It will cost you nothing and allows me to keep adding! Or consider making a direct donation using PayPal
