What Is a Credit-Based Insurance Score?
A credit-based insurance score is something that you will need to know the ins and outs of before you commit. Find out about a credit-based insurance score with help from a best-selling author and financial expert in this free video clip.
Can a Private Mortgage Go on a Credit Score?
You sometimes can get a mortgage at a discounted rate if you obtain a private mortgage, but this arrangement rarely improves your credit score. A private mortgage involves a loan agreement between two parties, such as if a parent were to offer a loan contract to a child.  This is unlike a traditional mortgage, which originates from a bank or some other financial institution. However, subsequent potential lenders may not accept the payment history on a private mortgage as a legitimate predictor of the borrower's behavior.
Does Settling a Loan With a Debtor Negatively Impact Your Credit Score?
Consumers with a higher credit score are considered to be less of a credit risk. The higher your score, the better. FICO credit scores go from 300 up to 850. If you owe unpaid debt on a loan, it may be tempting to settle that debt with the lender but you should understand if that settlement will negatively impact your credit score.
How Often Is Your Credit Score Upgraded?
Your credit score has a great impact on your ability to obtain financing for purchases and services. People with credit scores of 720 or higher usually easily qualify for all types of credit if they have sufficient income. Credit scores range from 300 to 850, with scores below 620 regarded as poor. People with low scores may spend considerable time trying to upgrade their scores. Experian, one of the major credit reporting bureaus, reports that scores are updated when creditors place new information on credit reports.
How to Request an Update On a Credit Score With a Letter
Credit reporting agencies, such as TransUnion, Equifax and Experian, provide records of individuals' credit history and past bill-paying behavior. These agencies also assign a numeric value, called a credit score, to the individual's credit history. Creditors supply the information for credit reports, and federal law requires credit reporting agencies to only report accurate information. If you notice outdated information that could impact your credit score on your credit report, you have the right to request an update to your credit file.
How to Teach Youth About Credit Scores
Credit scores serve as an instant measure for merchants of an individual’s creditworthiness. Instant credit decisions based on the score number often determine not only if an individual receives credit but the expense of that credit as well. As a youth becomes old enough to use his own credit, it’s important to understand how that credit use affects him and his credit scores. Teaching them while young about the credit scoring system will save youths both money and frustration in the future use of their credit. In order to get the lesson across though, you’ll need to start with basic…
Does Paying My Loans Before They're Due Hurt My Credit Score?
Ironically, even though having little debt is associated with good borrowing practices, paying off loans early can hurt your credit score. Also, in some cases, keeping a debt may allow you to earn money through higher-yielding investments. However, as long as you manage debt responsibly and still use credit, any negative effect of eliminating a debt is probably negligible.
Does Refinancing Change a Credit Score?
A lender will often report credit accounts to the credit bureaus. The bureaus compile this data and keep it within their database. This information is used to create a consumer credit report on you. Refinancing occurs when you take out a larger loan over an extended period of time to pay off a smaller loan, and this may have an impact on your credit score.
How Much of Peer-to-Peer Lending Involves Credit Score?
Peer-to-peer lending is an alternative way for borrowers to get loans. In some instances, borrowers may be able to secure a loan with better terms than a local financial institution offers. The lending is done online via sites such as Lending Club, Zopa and Prosper.
Do Closed Items Help My Credit Score?
A three-digit number -- your credit score -- often is the key to whether you can borrow money for a new home or car, or receive low interest on your credit cards. The three major credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, rank every borrower with a credit score from 300 to 850. Higher scores are better, and lenders tend to view these borrowers as less risky and offer lower rates. If you're considering canceling accounts to raise your score, think carefully before you do. It probably won't help.
Does Having a Co-Signer on a Car Hurt Your Credit Score?
When your credit history is less than stellar, you can still obtain a loan with the help of a co-signer, which is someone who agrees in writing to repay your debt if you are unable to. Sometimes, especially in the case of expensive car loans, you may be required to have a co-signer if your credit history is insufficient or poor. Knowing how co-signing affects both the buyer and the co-signer is essential to making a decision on obtaining a car loan.
What Caused My Credit Score to Drop?
Your credit score determines the interest rate you pay for loans and mortgages. It also influences the size of auto and home insurance premiums. Frequently, potential landlords and employers base their decisions on your Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) score. It is important to check your credit history periodically and correct any circumstances that caused your credit score to drop.
Does Your Credit Score Go Up if You Have a Cosigner?
When your credit score is low, lenders might ask you to get a creditworthy co-signer for your loan. The co-signer is a person who signs the loan documents with you as a pledge to pay back the loan if you do not. The lender then gives you the loan based on the co-signer's good credit history. Having a co-signer does not directly affect your credit score, but you might experience a few indirect effects.
Does Piggybacking Help Your Credit Score?
A common strategy among consumers with bad credit is to use someone with good credit to get loans, also called piggybacking or co-signing. This can work -- somewhat. The credit bureaus have a high success rate of determining whether someone piggybacks on another person's credit for legitimate reasons or to circumvent the traditional credit scoring system. Thus, you may still have to build credit using individual accounts.
What Is a Tier Two on a Credit Score?
A person with credit on a tier two level is in the credit rating majority. Your credit is not perfect but you can still qualify for a loan. In a different scenario, a business at a tier two level has an established credit history and is in a position to obtain financing from a vendor. In both cases, at the tier two credit level, you have opportunities. As a consumer you can shop around for the best rates and terms available to you. As a business you are paving the way to establish credit history for additional funding as your…
How Much of an Impact Does a Paid-in-Full Negative Account Have on Your Credit Score?
Your past credit history as shown on your credit report has a direct impact on your credit score and lenders use this score to assess your creditworthiness. The credit agencies Equifax, Experian and TransUnion all use credit scoring systems based on models developed by the Fair Isaac Corporation. Credit agencies do not deduct a set number of points when you fall behind on your debt payments and neither do the agencies reward you by adding a set number of points to your score when you settle the debt. Consequently, a paid-off negative account affects some people's scores more than others.
What Counts as an Account on a Credit Score?
Your credit score is one of the main determining factors that determines if you are eligible to borrow money and what kind of interest rate you will receive. Your FICO credit score can range between 300 and 850 points. The higher your credit score, the lower the interest rate you can receive on a loan. Your credit score is determined by evaluating the accounts you have opened.
My Credit Score Dropped After Applying for a New Line of Credit
Credit is essential in building a solid credit rating, although applying for the credit may damage your score. Despite this quandary, garnering approval can significantly improve your rating if you make your payments on time and don't go over your limit. The impact of a new line of credit ultimately depends on how you handle it.
My Credit Score Dropped After Settling an Account
Your credit score can take a plunge after you settle an account for a variety of reasons. How many points you lose can depend on the age and the type of debt. Settling on a mortgage debt such as a foreclosure will hurt your score far more than settling on a small medical bill, even if the debts were incurred at the same time. While settling is generally considered to be a good idea, doing it at the right time will minimize the damage to your credit score.
Does Opting Out of Credit Offers Help Your Credit Score?
Many credit card companies find potential customers by sending credit card offers in the mail to select people. The companies use the credit bureaus to find prescreened individuals who meet specific credit criteria and are likely to be approved for the card if they apply. If you do not want to receive offers, you can opt out without affecting your credit score at all.
How Often Is Credit Score Adjusted?
Credit scores are technically adjusted any time you are engaged in a credit-related activity that impacts factors in your credit score. However, many of the reporting indicators from lenders and other businesses that report on your borrowing activity are not reported immediately. Thus, your actual score may remain constant for a several days, weeks or even months in certain instances.
Advantages & Disadvantages of Credit Scores
An individual's credit score is a three-digit number that attempts to compile all of the information about how that person has managed credit. Credit bureaus gather data about the person's credit accounts, money-related court records, credit applications and payment history. Gathering the data and converting it into a credit score can be advantageous or disadvantageous to the borrower in several areas.
Does a Credit Score Lower When Pulled for a Mortgage?
Shopping for the right mortgage is an important part of home buying. A lender will inform you of the amount of loan that you can afford, and of the interest rate and terms that you will have. Not all loans are the same, so it's important to inquire with several mortgage companies before you find the right loan product for you. When you approach the lenders, they will pull your credit history and score to determine the financial risk that you pose. In doing so, it may or may not lower your credit score, depending on the timing of the…
How to Recover a Credit Score From Collections
Collection accounts refer to debt forwarded to a debt collector by an original creditor after several months of non-payment. Having an account in collections will decrease your credit score. You can send the collector money to satisfy the debt, but forwarding payment after a collection doesn't remove the negative item from your credit report. Recovering your credit requires you to improve your credit habits.
How to Boost Your Wife's Credit Score
Your credit score, or FICO score, is essential for opening accounts, borrowing money, getting low rates and sometimes being hired for a job. A credit score looks at your credit report to evaluate your financial health and responsibility with money with a single number from 350 to 850, with 850 being the best. Applying for joint accounts and loans with your wife can lead to a decline if your wife's score is low even if yours is high. You can boost your wife's credit score over a period of months and years through appropriate financial behavior.
Advice for an Excellent Credit Score
A wealth of advice is available about obtaining excellent credit. No fancy new tricks or schemes will conjure up an excellent credit score. The old tried and true methods that have been rehashed over the years really do work for those who take heed and apply them.
Does Joint Credit Help Your Credit Score?
A joint credit account can become a useful tool to boost your credit rating, but often turns into a huge liability that damages your credit. The danger with opening a joint credit account is that you may have to depend on someone to handle the account responsibly. Unless you have no other way to obtain credit, you usually do better opening an individual account.
How Often Are Credit Scores Pulled?
Lenders use credit scores to help determine whether they should extend credit terms to consumers. Credit bureaus such as TransUnion, Experian and Equifax provide a three-digit credit score to lenders upon request. Maintaining favorable credit scores could position you to obtain competitive lending terms. Generally, you should know about third-party requests to view your credit report, as your signature is required for a lender to pull your credit.
What Contributes to Your Credit Score?
Each individual consumer has his own credit score as reported by three major credit reporting bureaus. Based on the Fair Isaac Corp. scoring model, each bureau reports what are referred to as FICO scores. Each score offers creditors a glimpse of your individual credit worthiness which is used in loan decisions and the establishing of rates and terms.
The Advantages of Having an Excellent Credit Score
Credit scoring systems are a product of the late 1950s, based upon the model of the Fair Isaac Company's FICO score. Such scores are designed to evaluate a person's history of managing credit, and are referenced by lending companies for the purpose of minimizing credit risk. People who are deemed to be excellent credit risks enjoy numerous benefits, particularly low interest rates on substantial loans.
Things That Can Cause Your Credit Score to Drop
A low credit score is easy to achieve if you avoid demonstrating restraint in the area of personal finance management. The three major credit reporting agencies (TransUnion, Experian and Equifax) determine your credit score on the basis of documented information that indicates your financial conduct. Unwise spending habits are the source of most credit score reductions, as they cause credit reporting agencies to evaluate you as a credit risk.
Does a Hard Hit Reduce Your Credit Score?
Many consumers have the perception that checking your credit always hurts your credit score. In reality, some types of credit checks can hurt your credit slightly, while other inquiries have no impact. Understanding the difference between hard and soft credit inquiries can help you avoid  damage to your credit score.
Does Paying a Settled Amount Hurt Your Credit Score?
Debt settlement is perfect for resolving debt. The strategy allows a debtor to pay off credit cards and other unsecured accounts for a fraction of the original balance. The savings are sometimes tremendous, with SmartMoney reporting that some creditors will accept 20 to 70 percent of the balance to pay off an account. That means a debtor settling $30,000 in credit card debt could pay it all off for as little as $6,000 -- a savings of $24,000. However, there are drawbacks. Debt settlement for less than the full balance causes severe harm to credit scores during the settlement process…
5 Things You Need to Know About Your Credit Score
A number of factors affect credit scores --- even consumers who consider themselves financially responsible may inadvertently be lowering their scores. However, one of the biggest credit myths is that consumers only have three scores generated by three major credit-reporting companies. Consumer credit scores actually vary among creditors and lenders.
Does Overdraft From Savings Hurt Credit Score?
An overdraft on your checking or savings account can cause you credit problems, but in most cases it won't hurt your credit score. Credit scoring companies such as Fair Isaac -- the company that originated the FICO credit scoring system -- don't look at overdrafts when scoring you, but there are other situations in which overdrafts could play a role.
How to Clear a Repo From Your Credit Score
Repossessions on your credit report can significantly lower your credit score. These negative records can remain for up to seven years. The most common repossessions are for automobiles, but other items such as motorcycles, boats, and recreational vehicles can also be repossessed. A repossession occurs whenever the owner defaults on paying the loan on an item and the lien holder chooses to seize the item.
What Happens to Your Credit Score After a Repo?
Credit scores provide a numerical indicator to reflect whether an applicant has honored creditor-based agreements and for predicting future risk levels. After an auto repossession, your credit score could trend toward a lower range, as your payment history is used for 35 percent of a credit score calculation. You can resolve the debt that stems from an auto repossession, while taking action toward improving your credit score.
Ways to Prevent Foreclosure on a Tax Deed
When a homeowner fails to pay property tax, the result is a tax lien that gives the taxing jurisdiction, usually a county, the right to foreclose on the property and sell it in order to collect the taxes due. Tax liens generally take priority over all other liens. In Colorado, for example, if the property must be sold, the tax lien will be the first one paid. Subsequent liens are paid from remaining sale proceeds, if there are any, according to Colorado attorney Jonathan A. Goodman.
Five Components of a Good Credit Score
Your credit score is a three-digit number that represents your creditworthiness to lenders. When you apply for new credit, lenders determine whether or not to loan you money and at what rate based on your credit score. The higher your score, the more likely you are to be approved for new credit and the better your interest rate will be. If you credit needs improvement, learn what five components make up a good credit score.
Is There a Tax Liability for a Deed-in-Lieu in Arizona?
Counterintuitive as it may seem, unpaid debt is subject to taxation in many cases. This is because the IRS views unpaid debt exactly the same way it views income. But in some states, like Arizona, there are laws that limit what is defined as unpaid debt in foreclosures, short sales and deeds-in-lieu. A deed-in-lieu refers to the process of deeding your property to the lender rather than face foreclosure.
The Difference Between Wholesale and Retail Insurance Agencies
Different insurance agencies usually offer significant different products to their clients -- ranging both in the types of policies that they write and the nature of the clients they cover. Finding the right insurance agency relies on good information about the insurance market and how it works. When considering an insurance agency, it is important to understand the difference between wholesale and retail insurance agencies and the qualities each can offer.
Tax Implications on Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure
The possibility of losing your home to foreclosure can create panic. Home foreclosures occur when a lender evicts you from the property because you can't pay the home loan payment. Lenders report the foreclosure on your credit report, and your personal score will drop preventing future mortgage approvals in the near future. Some borrowers negotiate a deed in lieu to stop foreclosure. While this is a possible solution, beware of tax implications with this option.
The Average Cost of Insurance for a Married Couple
Insurance policies help married couples protect and prepare for the unexpected. Planning for insurance with a spouse can be part of an overall plan with a financial adviser or set up separately. Usually, couples obtain health and life insurance through an employer. Auto and home policies can be purchased directly from the insurance company or via a broker. Buying a policy as a married couple costs less in most cases than if policies were purchased individually. Though average costs fluctuate widely, married couples generally save money when combining insurance policies.
Is Resigning in Lieu of Firing the Same as Quitting Your Job?
If you have made a critical error while performing your job duties or have discovered other circumstances that lead you to believe that your employer will fire you, your employer may allow you to resign to avoid being fired. In some cases, the employer may allow you to continue working until the date specified in your resignation notice. Resigning to avoid termination is the same as quitting your job in some respects, and different in others.
The Disadvantages of Cosigning
Helping a friend or relative by co-signing a loan isn't always a good idea. As a co-signer, you are committed to take on the debt just as much as the person receiving the money. If borrowers don't qualify for a loan because they can't make the payments with their own income or they have shown financial irresponsibility in the past, you should reconsider obligating yourself to an agreement that can have a long-term negative impact.
When Will a Deed in Lieu Work?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure is one method to get out from under an unaffordable home mortgage. This choice means the homeowner will lose the home, but any further obligations to the lender will be wiped out. The mortgage lender will decide whether to accept a deed in lieu of foreclosure from a homeowner.
How to Transfer a Deed in Lieu of a Contract Fulfillment
Buying a home and acquiring financing creates a contract between you and your mortgage lender. Most buyers have good intentions and anticipate fulfilling a mortgage contract. But if circumstances change and you can no longer afford your property, rather than risk foreclosure, you can negotiate a deed in lieu and transfer ownership of the property back to your mortgage lender.
How Do I Relinquish My Home to the Bank?
Your bank records your mortgage by recording a lien on your property at the local county courthouse. When you pay off the debt, the lender releases the lien by recording a document known as a "satisfaction of lien." However, if you cannot afford to repay the debt and cannot find a buyer for your home, you can offer to relinquish control of your home to your lender. As an alternative to foreclosure, your bank may agree to enter into a so-called deed in lieu of foreclosure arrangement that involves you simply turning in your keys and signing over the title…
Can I Do a Deed-in-Lieu Without a 90 Days Sale?
If you are facing financial difficulties, you may not be able to afford your mortgage payments. If you want to move on quickly, you may decide to give up your home to the lender in a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure process without first trying various other foreclosure alternatives. However, you usually have to try to sell the house for at least 90 days before the lender considers a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure.
Maryland Contract Lien Law: Does This Hurt Your Credit Score?
The Maryland Contract Lien Act allows service providers to place a lien on a client's property if a lien clause is written in to the contract and the client does not pay according to the contract. The lien is placed on your credit report as a public record and it applies to your house, car or some other asset.  Should you attempt to sell your house or car and the lien is present, you will be unable to get a clear title.
What To Say to a Lender Doing a Deed In Lieu
A deed in lieu is one of many ways to prevent a mortgage foreclosure. Foreclosures are expected after you miss mortgage payments for three or more months. And while lenders have no choice but to foreclose if you can't make the payments, they do work with borrowers beforehand to avert a repossession.
How to Save Yourself From Financial Ruin
When you were in high school, it probably seemed simple to keep your finances straight. After all, you didn't have to consider credit cards, loans, interest rates, savings accounts and everything else that comes with adulthood. If you don't actively watch your finances and make a strong effort to keep your money situation under control, you can quickly spiral into financial disaster. Fortunately, you can save yourself by simply making smart financial decisions.
Deed in Lieu Vs. Foreclosure With HELOC in Arizona
In Arizona, trust deeds and mortgage liens remain with a trustee until full payment. This is referred to as "title theory," and foreclosure is a non-judicial remedy available to lenders. Judicial foreclosure is possible as well. While Arizona homeowners may attempt a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure to avoid foreclosure, it's usually not successful if the homeowner has a second mortgage, commonly known as a home equity line of credit, or HELOC.
Creditor & Life Estate Deed
A creditor's claim against a life estate can't exceed the debtor's interest in the life estate. If the term of the life estate is for the lifetime of the debtor, whatever interest the debtor holds in the property ends at his death and is not inheritable nor does it benefit the debtor's creditors. Yet, some debts, such as property tax, stay with the real estate. Borrowing against the property is limited, typically requiring the permission of the "remainderman," the person to which the property's ownership goes upon the death of the person on which the life estate is made.
What Does "In Lieu of Tax" Mean for a Mobile Home?
Some states require a mobile homeowner to pay a registration fee or a pre-determined tax rather than property tax on a mobile vehicle. This fee is paid "in lieu of tax", or in place of property tax that is normally assessed on the value of a property. Some restrictions apply depending on the type of mobile home and its intended use.
Do I Get the Deed After I Pay Off My Mortgage?
After you pay off your mortgage, you are entitled to the deed to the property. There are a few steps that need to be taken. First, the mortgage company will send you the original promissory note and deed of trust, which is also called the mortgage in some states. Then you will contact the county land office to have the mortgage released. The land office will send you the deed release. For peace of mind, you should pay a title searcher to verify that there are no other liens against the property, and you should keep all documentation.
What Does the IRS Mean by an Inquiry?
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) requires taxpayers, businesses and organizations to file income tax returns each year. When the IRS receives your return, it will compare it with similar tax returns and your other financial records. If the IRS discovers too many discrepancies, it may conduct an inquiry.
Does Forfeiting a Contract for Deed on Property Effect Credit Rating?
Contract for deed sale agreements offer an opportunity for a buyer and seller to skip the lending approval process and deal directly with each other. Unfortunately, when the buyer is unable to make payments on the contract, he not only forfeits the home but the payments he made as well; whether or not the forfeiture will affect credit depends on whether the seller reported the payments to the credit bureaus.
Length of Process for a Deed in Lieu
A deed in lieu of foreclosure, often simply referred to as a deed in lieu, is one option that a homeowner can use to avoid foreclosure. The amount of time that it takes to complete a deed in lieu of foreclosure varies depending on a number of factors, but homeowners should expect the process to take at least a couple of months to complete. A homeowner interested in completing a deed in lieu of foreclosure should understand the factors that influence the length of time needed to complete this process.
How Much Time Does a Bank Give You to Move With a Deed in Lieu?
Losing your home after a bank foreclosure involves immediately vacating the property. But if you work with your bank to avoid a mortgage foreclosure and negotiate a deed in lieu of foreclosure, your lending institution will not kick you out the property upon acceptance of your request. They'll allow time for you to secure a new residence.
Ohio Law on Credit Based Insurance Scores
In Ohio, a bad credit rating can make it impossible to find insurance coverage or force you pay higher premiums than your peers. Both federal and Ohio state law allow insurers to utilize credit history as an underwriting factor when they consider you for coverage and determine how much to charge. The law is found in Ohio Administrative Code Section 3901-1-55.
Does Paying Bills Consistently Late Affect Your Credit?
The impact of consistent late payments on a person's credit rating largely depends on how late the payments are. Payments that are several months late can sink a credit score. However, even payments that are just a few days late can lead to higher interest charges and bigger debts that also ultimately affect credit scores.
Can You Move While You Are Doing a Deed in Lieu?
When you face a mortgage payment that you can't afford, foreclosure becomes a very real possibility. Instead of allowing a foreclosure to take place, you may offer a deed in lieu of foreclosure to the lender. During this process, you do not necessarily have to continue living in the property.
How Will a Deed-in-Lieu Affect My Credit in California?
In 2010, California had the third highest foreclosure rate in the United States, with 1 out of out every 240 homes in foreclosure. Many of these homeowners choose to give the bank the deed to the home, or deed-in-lieu, instead of trying to pay the mortgage. However, if you choose a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, it affects your credit the same way as in any other state.
Do I Need a Lawyer for a Deed in Lieu?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure provides a legal method for avoiding the foreclosure sale of your home. While a lawyer's involvement in the deed in lieu process is not required under any state or federal law, it may be advisable because mortgage financing and foreclosure rules are complex and easily misunderstood without the guidance of an experienced real estate lawyer.
Deed in Lieu of Credit History
While a deed in lieu of has less of a damaging impact on your credit score than foreclosure, it is still horrible for any credit report. However, a deed in lieu is one of the fastest and cheapest ways to get rid of a home you cannot afford or sell. Before you make any decision, research all options, especially if you want to save your credit rating.
How to Get a "Deed-in-Lieu of" After Bankruptcy
A deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is an agreement to turn over real estate to a mortgage company. People seeking the arrangement usually are facing foreclosure because of missed mortgage payments, or cannot sell their home because it is worth less than the balance on the loan---a situation known as being "upside-down" on the mortgage. A discharged, or completed, bankruptcy should not affect discussions for a deed-in-lieu agreement. Many people with in bankruptcy choose to allow foreclosure during the bankruptcy as they restructure or eliminate debt. However, it is possible to wait until after the bankruptcy to seek a deed-in-lieu agreement.
How to Become a Credit Expert
Becoming a credit expert has lots of daily uses. It allows you to better manage your finances, help friends and relatives with credit problems, or organize self-help groups for your church or place of worship. Or you could parlay your expertise of credit into a full-time job as a nonprofit credit counselor or a loan officer at a bank or credit union. Becoming a credit expert is possible through self-study and professional training.
Do You Have to Pay Taxes on a Deed in Lieu?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure, often referred to as a voluntary or friendly foreclosure, is when a homeowner who has fallen behind on mortgage payments signs the deed of his home to a bank or lender to avoid a foreclosure. If you are considering a deed in lieu of foreclosure, you might fear the tax consequences of this transaction could put you further in the financial hole. Unfortunately, there is no one answer when it comes to determining whether you will have to pay taxes on a deed in lieu.
Ways to Boost Your Salary
Employees can proactively take steps to increase the their salaries, ranging from taking educational courses to researching the competitors' salary offerings and seeking employment elsewhere. According to the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), obtaining further education is a good way to boost earnings: in 2010, employees with a bachelor's degree earned $16,952 more each year than those with no college education.
How to Deed Property to the Creditor
Deeding property back to a creditor refers to a deed in lieu. This option helps borrowers with an imminent risk of foreclosure. By deeding a property back to a creditor, the borrower avoids the foreclosure process and walks away from the property before the lender forces him to vacate.
Can You Do a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure If You're Behind on Your Taxes?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure is an alternative to the foreclosure itself, which can help homeowners save trouble and money if they can no longer pay off their mortgage. A deed in lieu offers the house itself to the lender directly, in exchange for removing the mortgage debt. This saves the time a foreclosure or short sale takes and lets the homeowner end the issue on more direct terms. However, a deed in lieu is subject to a number of conditions, most created by lenders that want to make sure they're receiving a good deal on the home.
Taxes & Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure
Handing over your deed to the bank could trade a bad mortgage for another problem -- taxes. Whether or not you have to pay taxes on a deed in lieu of foreclosure depends on a mixture, of the home's value, mortgage balance and the state in which you live. If you choose a deed in lieu, you pay taxes when you do not repay the entire mortgage balance or when you realize a gain.
What Effect Did Credit Scoring Have at First?
Credit reporting began when small retailers shared information about their customers.  As the system developed, credit bureaus emerged and the system begun adopting a formal statistical method to determine people's risk profiles. The credit scoring system has various effects when it first appeared.
How to Contest a Bad Mark on My Credit Score
Inaccurate information on your credit report may have a negative impact on your credit score. Your credit score is calculated based on your payment history for loans, credit cards and mortgages. If you fail to pay bills on time, you may be sent to collections. Collection accounts, bankruptcies and public records have the greatest negative impact on your score. These items stay on your report for up to seven years. If you find a derogatory account that is incorrect, you may file a dispute with the credit bureau reporting the inaccuracy.
How Hard Is it to Get a Mortgage Deed in Lieu?
When mortgages fail, borrowers have several options to help improve their credit and save themselves from other financial problems. For instance, a short sale is a common alternative to foreclosure that can be more beneficial to credit scores and makes it much easier to work out a flexible compromise with the lender. A deed in lieu of a foreclosure is a similar option that borrowers can use to remove their mortgage entirely. These options are based on decisions by the lender regarding borrower application, although there is some room for negotiation.
Deed in Lieu Process
Experiencing a financial hardship and not being able to pay your mortgage doesn't leave you with many options. Whether you've lost your job or have mounting bills, sometimes your monthly income doesn't cover all of your expenses. If you think that the only option for your house is foreclosure, you should consider a deed in lieu and ask your lender if you qualify to undergo the process.
What Does Taking Deed-in-Lieu of Foreclosure Mean?
When a homeowner is facing foreclosure, one of the alternatives that he may pursue is a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. With a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, the borrower voluntarily gives up the title to the property and gives it back to the mortgage lender. This option can help a borrower avoid foreclosure but it still results in giving up the property.
How Points Affect a Credit Score for Collections
Unpaid library fines and parking tickets might not seem like a major financial issue, but they can have lasting negative impact on your credit score. When creditors don't receive payments owed, they can turn accounts over to collection agencies. These agencies purchase your debt, sometimes at a discount, assuming responsibility for the recovery of the debt. Collection agency letters and phone calls can be intrusive and stressful; they can also affect your credit score in lost points.
How to Get Approved for an Apartment to Rent in Utah
The major cities of Utah rest among the foothills of the Wasatch Range, which creates a stunning backdrop for Salt Lake City, Ogden and Logan. According to the Utah Apartment Association, the state has more than 175,000 rental units and one-third of every household in Utah rents housing, as of 2011. The apartment rental approval process in the state involves two key components: the applicant's credit rating and income. As a result, gaining approval requires some research, planning and patience.
If You Are Late on Utility Bills, Does It Affect Your Credit Score?
Missing a utility bill payment usually triggers a late fee, but in some cases, it can have an even more significant impact by lowering your credit score. The effect of late utility bill payments on your credit score depends on whether or not the utility company reports it to the credit bureaus.
How to Give Back a Deed in Lieu
Borrowers in danger of losing their home have the option of giving back their deed to the lender to avoid a foreclosure. Deed in lieu is a provision set forth by mortgage lenders. Borrowers, if approved, sign over the deed to their house and then walk away from the property. Lenders take back possession and re-sell the home to another buyer. While an effective means to avert home foreclosure, not everyone will qualify for help.
How Long Before a Foreclosure Goes on Your Credit Report?
If you are in active foreclosure on your home or other property, you may be worried about the timing of when the foreclosure will hit your credit report. Once it is recorded on your report, it will have a significant impact on your credit score and your ability to borrow from creditors. Unfortunately, there is no set time frame for recording a foreclosure and it can be recorded on your credit report within days of foreclosure proceedings.
Name Changes & Their Effects on Credit Scores
The mere act of changing your name does not affect your credit score. However, it may lead to inaccuracies and incomplete details that make it more difficult for the credit bureaus and financial institutions to determine your true credit score. You can correct any problems easily by sending out proper notifications to these parties.
How to Rent After a Deed in Lieu
Renting after a deed in lieu of foreclosure is common because people in this situation typically can't qualify for a new mortgage loan. A deed in lieu works by giving a lender possession of a house. Also referred to as a voluntary repossession, a deed in lieu is an option when owners face imminent risk of home foreclosure. A deed in lieu bypasses the foreclosure process and allows owners to sign over the title to their home loan lenders. Having a deed in lieu in your past can hurt your credit, but renting is possible.
Co-Signer Credit Requirements
A lender may request a loan co-signer if a borrower does not meet credit requirements. It may be due to a limited credit history, recent negative information on his credit report or an insufficient income. A loan co-signer must go through the qualification process and meet the lender's credit and eligibility requirements.
How to Get Approved for a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure
Getting approved for a deed in lieu of foreclosure is a life saver for someone facing the loss of a home. A deed in lieu is when a borrower signs over his home to the lender. Credit damage is typical,  but borrowers in this situation can rebuild their credit faster than going through a foreclosure, says Fannie Mae. Getting approved for a deed in lieu of foreclosure involves meeting certain requirements.
Is Credit-Based Insurance Legal in California?
California insurance regulations permit the use of credit-based insurance. This allows an insurance company to use a consumer's credit score when determining eligibility for coverage. The law restricts the ways in which an insurance company may use a consumer's credit score and credit history by requiring the inclusion of other relevant criteria.
What Happens to a Lease If You Don't Have a Co-Signer?
When you are just starting out in your career, as soon as you find a job you'll probably be itching to get your own place. But if you have no credit, or worse, you have poor credit, a prospective landlord may require a co-signer. If you don't have one, the landlord will take one of two actions: he will not let you sign the lease, instead moving on to considering another tenant, or he will entertain an alternative. Your choice will be simple: walk away or meet one or more mutually acceptable alternatives.
How to Get a Bank to Take a Deed in Lieu of a Debt
A deed in lieu refers to mortgage debt, and convincing your home loan lender to take a deed in lieu helps prevent a mortgage foreclosure. A deed in lieu involves your home loan lender agreeing to take back the deed to your house. You sign over the title and vacate the home, after which you are no longer responsible for the mortgage loan.
Cosigning & Bankruptcy
People consider cosigning a loan for a friend or family member when that person needs a loan and a bank will not loan him the money without someone else to guarantee the loan. Think carefully if you are asked to do this. If the borrower misses payments or doesn't pay the loan back for any reason, including bankruptcy, it will be your responsibility to pay the entire loan balance, as well as any collections fees.
How to Request a Deed in Lieu
Requesting a deed in lieu of foreclosure can help you avoid a home foreclosure. Because home foreclosures severely drop credit scores, owners at risk of foreclosure can negotiate a deed in lieu to avert the process. A deed in lieu isn't without repercussions and giving a property back will lower your credit score. But on average, credit recovery after a deed in lieu is quicker than going through a foreclosure
Will Having an Assumption Ruin My Credit?
When you purchase a home, you usually have to take out a mortgage and pay for your home over 15 to 30 years. However, if the seller does not own the house outright, he may offer you the chance to assume his loan. Assuming a loan is more risky for the seller than for you, as he is still responsible if you default on the loan. However, you may not get the most favorable loan terms if you assume an existing mortgage instead of getting your own mortgage.
Can You Ask for a Deed in Lieu With HELOC?
Second lienholders are increasingly difficult to deal with in the event of a distressed borrower. The odds of securing a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure are slim under the best of circumstances, since lenders want cash, not property. It's almost impossible to get a deed-in-lieu if the home is secured by a second lien, such as a home equity  line of credit, or HELOC.
What Documents Do You Get After a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure provides an option for avoiding the technical foreclosure of your property. Just as you would lose your property in a foreclosure sale, you also lose title to your property under a deed in lieu of foreclosure. In fact, you will sign a deed conveying title to your property to your mortgage lender. To make this a beneficial and worthwhile transaction, you will need to obtain the proper documentation from the lender.
How Do I File a Deed in Lieu?
Filing a deed in lieu of foreclosure can prove beneficial if you've accepted that you can no longer keep up with home loan payments and if you feel that foreclosure due to default is inevitable. A deed in lieu works similar to a foreclosure. The main difference is that you voluntarily give up your property before the lender exercises its right to foreclose.
Definition of Cosigning
Cosigning a loan with someone is a major responsibility, and it is not something to be taken lightly. The cosigner of a mortgage or other loan is legally viewed by the lender as being identical to the person taking out the loan. Therefore, you should be sure the person for whom you are cosigning is reliable before you sign on the dotted line.
Why Does a Teen Need to Start a Credit Score?
One key component of a person's financial life is his credit score, a three-digit number ranging from 300 to 850 that consumer lenders use to approve or deny applications for loans or credit cards. Teenagers and young people generally do not consider finances, preferring to focus on school, social activities and other aspects of life. Nevertheless, establishing a good credit score as a teen carries many advantages.
How Do I Submit a Deed in Lieu to My Bank?
A deed in lieu, also called a deed in lieu of foreclosure, is the act of surrendering a property to the mortgage lender in order to be released from the loan obligations of the mortgage. A property owner is able to make such a request of a bank to avoid foreclosure, but the lender does not have to grant it. Lenders often place several stipulations on property owners hoping to prevent foreclosure before accepting a deed under such terms.
How to Decipher the Changes in Your Credit Score
One of the most important items associated with your name is your credit score. Your credit score essentially explains your financial history. If you have been diligent with your finances and have a healthy credit history, then expect your score to be closer to the 800-point maximum a person can receive. If you are the opposite with high levels of debt or a bankruptcy, your score may be closer to the bottom end score of 350. Your credit score can change for a multitude of reasons. To understand changes, you will need to review your credit report.
How Do I Get the Bank to Take a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure is a viable solution when you can't repay your past-due mortgage payments and want to avoid foreclosure. When you successfully complete a deed in lieu of foreclosure, the lender agrees to forgive your mortgage debt and terminate the foreclosure process if it has already begun in exchange for your home. The lender may offer a deed in lieu as a mortgage assistance option when you fall behind on your payments or wait for you to initiate the request. In either case, you must submit a formal proposal for a deed in lieu of foreclosure.…
Do the Back Property Taxes Have to Be Paid for a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure is a way to escape a mortgage you can no longer afford. The premise is simple: Turn over the deed to your lender, let him sell the house to pay off your debt and walk away clean. In practice, using a deed in lieu of foreclosure can prove more complicated, particularly if you owe property taxes or have other claims on the house.
Steps to Take for a Deed in Lieu
Nobody wants a home foreclosure reported on their credit report. Avoiding a foreclosure and getting from under an expensive mortgage payment is often a matter of negotiating a deed in lieu of foreclosure with a lender. Lenders are open to this agreement, where they take back the deed to a home. Foreclosing is a costly process for lenders, which is why some consider a deed in lieu to help eligible borrowers.
Does Paying a Credit Card Balance in Full Hurt a FICO Score?
More than half of all American credit card holders pay their balance in full monthly, according to a 2009 "Consumer Reports" magazine survey. You must make the minimum payment that your card issuer bills you for each month, but you can send more or pay off the whole balance any time. You affect your credit score any time you pay off a debt completely.
How to Negotiate a Deed in Lieu
Negotiating a deed in lieu of foreclosure can release you from a mortgage debt without going through a foreclosure. Foreclosures can harm your credit history, and while a deed in lieu does have some damaging effect, it is less harmful to your credit score than home foreclosures are. Talk with your home loan lender to see if you meet the criteria for a deed in lieu.
How Long Does Bankruptcy Take to Clear From a Credit Score?
Completing bankruptcy proceedings may take as little as four months, but the effect will last much longer than that. Bankruptcy is a big negative mark that will stay on your credit report for years, but the impact on your credit score needn't last that long. If you go to work rebuilding your credit at once, you can start to improve your score much sooner.
How Much Does a Utility Collection Bill Affect My Credit?
Utility bills become collection accounts after the customer stops paying or fails to pay a final balance after ending service. Cable companies, Internet providers and energy companies usually assign or sell delinquent utility bills to debt collectors. The debt collector places the account on credit reports as the collections process begins. Utility collection accounts hurt credit scores, but no one can state  specifically how much it impacts a score, because everyone's credit is different.
How Long Can Medical Bills Stay on Your Credit Score?
"The New York Times" reported in a December 2010 article by Walecia Konrad that hospitals and doctors rarely report bills to credit reporting bureaus but frequently turn unpaid bills over to collections agencies within a few months. Once a collection agency has the bill, the agency can, and often does, report the bill as delinquent to a credit bureau. Delinquent accounts stay on your credit report for seven years, which is how long they will affect your credit score.
Why a 50-Point Difference in My Credit Scores?
Consumer reporting agencies collect information about your credit history and use the information to create credit reports and scores. The three major consumer reporting agencies in the United States -- Equifax, TransUnion and Experian -- are known as credit bureaus. Because of differences in how these agencies collect information and calculate scores, it is possible to have a credit score from one bureau differ by 50 points or more from the score calculated by another bureau.
What Is Needed to Rent an Apartment?
The process of choosing and renting an apartment is similar to the process you follow when buying a home. While renting an apartment may take less time to arrange, you still need to prepare well and follow a checklist as you look at properties and submit a rental application. An important step in the preparation phase includes gathering the information and items you will need before and as you fill out a rental application.
How Quickly Does a Credit Score Get Updated?
After paying off an account or making a payment, you may hope that your credit score has improved slightly. While your credit score is dynamic and always changing, it does not necessarily change right away. Understanding how the credit scoring process works can help you have realistic expectations in this process.
Does a Deed in Lieu Remove Property Taxes?
People considering a deed in lieu of foreclosure are often facing financial hardship and already behind on their mortgages. As such, foreclosure may not be too far in the future. A deed in lieu, also called a voluntary or friendly foreclosure, allows homeowners to transfer ownership of their homes to the bank that holds their mortgage so they can walk away with less damage to their credit than would be caused by a regular foreclosure. However, a deed in lieu does not relieve homeowners from property taxes in arrears.
Credit Help in Texas
Even if you've never had credit cards or loans, you may still need credit help. Some people are victims of identity theft or have collection accounts on their credit reports due to unpaid medical bills, according to the Texas Attorney General. A number of state and federal laws offer consumers different types of help ranging from credit repair to partial debt repayment plans.
My Credit Score Is Now 592, How Can I Increase It?
Credit scores can get low for a number of reasons, such as a poor debt-to-income ratio, late payments, or exceeding a limit. As the saying goes, if you're in a hole the first thing you do is stop digging. The key to repairing a low credit score is learning what factors are bringing it down, and take all the steps necessary to turn those around. Once you do that, you have to start managing your credit responsibly so it doesn't go back down.
What Is a Credit-Based Insurance Score?
When paying insurance premiums, you most likely know that they are influenced by the history of filing claims, the property insured and several other factors. Many homeowners do not know how much their credit history influences their insurance premiums. Insurance companies use a credit based insurance score to calculate policy premiums.
Why Is My Credit Score Low When I Have Great Credit?
Your credit rating is one of your most important financial assets -- or liabilities. Credit scores affect your ability to obtain a mortgage, open a credit card account and even get a job. If you have been paying your bills on time, but your credit score is low, it's no small matter. You need to find out why and take corrective action.
Why Do Companies See a Different Credit Score From You?
When you apply for a loan, your creditor wants to know whether you're likely to repay that loan. One way a creditor tries to gauge this likelihood is by using a credit score, a numerical representation of your history as a borrower. Not all credit scores are the same, and even if you know one score, your creditor may use a different score.
Are the Scores the Credit Card Companies Tell You the Real Score?
Lenders typically use a credit score to help determine whether to extend credit. Your credit score helps lenders understand risk without reading your credit report in depth. Lenders may use different models for credit score reporting depending on what they are most concerned about. You can purchase a credit score through the credit bureaus, but this score usually is not the score lenders see when they run your credit.
The Documents Needed to Purchase a Car
The car purchase documents you need to register and title a vehicle differ by state. Expect to obtain a certificate of title when you purchase a car, a common requirement of most states. Otherwise, additional document requirements might include alternative title forms, bill of sale, a lien release or original motor vehicle forms.
How Much Will a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure Affect My Credit?
Homeowners may mistakenly believe their credit score is saved by a deed in lieu of foreclosure -- whereby the borrower simply hands the deed of the home over to the bank and the bank agrees to cancel the mortgage.   Any situation that results in the borrower repaying less than he owes on a loan is bad for your credit rating.
The Effect of Paid on a Credit Score
Collection accounts, which are unpaid bills that creditors referr to third-party recovery or collection agencies, have significant affects on your credit profile. These items stay on your credit report for seven years, damaging your chances of getting credit cards or loans. In addition, collection accounts reduce your credit score -- the three-digit number firms use when deciding whether to approve you for credit. You should consider this score when paying off collection accounts.
Why Is the Credit Score That My Car Dealer Pulled Different From the Score I Pulled?
A credit score is a measure of creditworthiness banks and lending organizations use to make loan approval decisions. This three-digit number, also known by names such as FICO score and credit rating, can determine whether you get access to an automotive loan, mortgage, credit card or other type of credit. You can have different credit scores in some cases.
The Effects of Payments on Credit Score Points
When a person is extended credit, it is with the understanding that he will eventually repay what he borrowed, often with interest. A credit score is a three-digit number, generally ranging between 350 and 850. The closer a person can get to a 700 credit score, the better his ability to obtain credit at a lower interest rate. Whether a consumer makes payments or fails to make payments, both actions will affect his credit score. Low credit scores will affect his ability to make large purchases in the future.
Why Are My Credit Scores So Low?
Your credit report and subsequent credit score reflect your lending and payment history. While more severe financial setbacks -- such as bankruptcies, foreclosures and charge-offs -- may lower your score significantly, credit bureaus calculate your score based on numerous factors over years of lending history. Additionally, damaging information hits higher scores harder than lower credit scores that already reflect  past financial difficulties.
Credit Score Explanations
A credit score is based on a statistical profile that determines, in theory, how likely you, as a borrower, are to default on a loan. The higher the score, the less risk that you pose to the lender. Credit scoring was first developed by the Fair Isaac Corp., who created the proprietary formula used to calculate the risk-based credit score.
Are Credit Scores Valid?
When you obtain a copy of your credit report, you can also pay to access your credit score. In some cases, the credit score displayed may not seem completely accurate. Your credit score is a compilation of all the information that credit bureaus document on your credit report. In some cases, your credit score may be affected by incorrect information.
What Can Drop Your Credit Score?
You can spend years building a high credit score, but it only takes a mistake or two to trash it. Some actions, such as letting a credit card go into collections, have a larger impact on your score than other actions, but many things can cause your credit score to drop. The Fair Isaac Corp. considers several items, such as debt, payments and open accounts, when factoring your score. Making a mistake in any of these areas will cost you.
What Is My Credit Score Number?
Lenders, landlords and other prospective creditors can reference your credit score to help determine if you're a credit risk. Fair, Isaac and Company --- now called FICO --- invented the credit scoring system that has become the industry standard. Five categories of information are combined and calculated to determine your FICO score, including your payment history, new credit, how much you owe, how old your credit is and how much credit you've used.
The Evaluation of Credit Scores
A three-digit credit score evaluation is sometimes the only thing a lender needs to reject your application for credit or approve your for the lowest rate possible. A high credit score does not always mean the creditor wants you as a customer. Also, technically, there is no standard definition of what is good credit.
Credit Scores & Reasons for Debt
If you have a loan, a credit card or a mortgage, you have a credit score. Whether you have a high or low credit score depends on how well you managed your finances. Your debt plays a part in your credit score. People have many reasons for going into debt. Whatever the reason, carrying large debts hurts your credit score.
What Is Your Credit Score Composed Of?
The FICO credit score, calculated by the Fair Isaac Corporation, represents the most widely used credit scoring system. It parses data from the three major credit bureaus and breaks the numbers down into five main components, each of which is weighted according to time-tested methods of consumer payment behavior and the likelihood that credit accounts will be paid in full.
What Are the Credit Score Companies in the USA?
One company in the U.S. has a credit scoring system so accurate and respected that it is essentially the only one that matters to lenders and consumers. Other firms in the U.S. imitate the Fair Isaac risk model, such as the major credit reporting bureaus. However, the major bureaus always try new ways to break the influence of the FICO model.
What Does it Mean to Have a Bad Credit Score?
A person's credit scores show up in many different parts of her life. Of course, when she applies for a loan, credit card or mortgage the lender reviews the credit report and the credit scores. Other companies review a borrower's credit score, even without the borrower's permission. Employers often review an applicant's credit history as part of a background check, and insurance companies sometimes base a policy's costs on a credit history and credit score review. Knowing what a "good" credit score and what a "bad" credit score is and how to change them is important.
Reasons That a Credit Report Lowers
There are a number of factors that credit reporting agencies use in determining a credit score. While most consumers know that major events such as foreclosure or bankruptcy will damage a credit score, there are many smaller factors that can also cause a credit score to lower. By understanding these factors, a consumer can work to maintain or improve her current credit score.
What Makes Up Your Insurance Score?
When shopping for insurance, the rates that insurance companies charge you can be drastically impacted by your credit history. Your insurance score is a numerical representation of your credit history that is calculated by insurance companies. Your score comprises several important pieces of information in regards to your credit history.
Lowest Score to Be Considered Fair Credit
When negatives prevent your credit score from entering into the excellent range, you at least want "fair" credit or you may not qualify for a loan at reasonable terms. The lowest score in the fair range constantly changes and even if you have fair credit with one bureau you could have terrible -- or excellent -- credit at another.
What Is the Difference Between Credit Bureaus?
Because the three major credit-reporting agencies -- Experian, Equifax and TransUnion -- collect different information, the credit score you receive from each one may vary slightly. The information that each reporting agency has can differ, as not all lenders and creditors report to all three credit bureaus. In addition, each credit bureau uses a different scoring model to calculate a consumer's credit score. Credit reporting agencies also analyze and present data differently.
Why Is Paying Off My Auto Loan Negative on My Credit?
It might sound counter-intuitive, but paying off a car loan early could actually lower your credit score. This quirk in the credit scoring system can occur when you have too few active accounts or do not have other installment loans. However, you can never predict anything in the FICO scoring method, so consider the other benefits of paying off an auto loan, such as the money you save in the long run.
If Credit Is Approved Does Your Credit Score Drop?
A credit approval means someone found your credit history worthy enough to extend a new line of credit. This new account may or may not drop your score. Your credit history contains dozens of items that can have a host of effects on the credit scoring system used in America. As long as you use a new account responsibly, it will likely have a positive effect on your score eventually.
Can I Do a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure on My Home?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure, sometimes called a "friendly foreclosure," is an agreement between the borrower and lender. For the homeowner facing the possibility of a foreclosure, a deed in lieu of foreclosure is an option, yet not all lenders will agree to accept one from the borrower.
How Does Credit Scoring Work?
A credit score is a numerical measure that gauges your creditworthiness. Mortgage lenders, automotive companies, credit card issuers and retail stores will check your credit score before approving your application for credit. Having a bad credit score can keep you from getting a loan or credit card, while a good score will allow you to get lenders' best interest rates and terms.
The Process of a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure
If you can no longer meet your mortgage obligations and are facing foreclosure, one option may be what's known as a deed in lieu. Completing a deed in lieu of foreclosure means you give your lender the rights to your property in exchange for being released from your loan.
5 Easy Tips to Boost Your Credit Score
Your credit score determines whether you are eligible to receive credit, how much credit you can get and what interest rate you will pay. Credit scores are also used in determining approval for apartment leases. With all these financial determinations made based on your credit score, it is important that you know what you can do to boost it.
How Frequently Credit Reports Are Updated
Your credit report is a dynamic document that is updated regularly by the credit bureaus. When you do something such as make a payment or open an account, this information eventually finds its way onto your report. How quickly this happens can vary from one case to the next.
Co-signing for a Credit Card
Sometimes a close friend or relative goes through a rough period. Perhaps the loss of a job or a severe illness leaves him unable to work. In such cases, it's common for a first signer on a loan to ask a close friend or relative to act as a co-signer on the same loan. Both parties must understand the pros and cons of entering into such an agreement.
FICO & Understanding Your Credit Score
When you apply for a loan or credit card, one of the major resources lenders use to determine whether to offer you credit is your credit score. This number is based on all of the information on your credit report and reflects how risky it is for lenders to extend credit to you. The higher your score, the lower your risk to lenders.
Are FICO Scores Entitled Once a Year?
A majority of consumers incorrectly believe they are entitled to one free FICO score each year, according to a 2008 survey by the Consumer Federation of America. Obtaining your FICO score is critical to several areas of your life that are probably dear to you, such as finding an apartment and getting a cellphone contract. You will be able to see if for free from lenders, but only in certain situations.
What Does the Middle Number of Your Credit Score Mean?
You can have excellent scores at two credit bureaus, but a terrible one with the last bureau can end up costing you hundreds more in interest charges. The U.S. has three national credit bureaus, so you have three credit scores. The middle number of your credit scores is often the most important for lending decisions.
Does Your Credit Score Matter?
Your credit score, or more accurately stated, your credit scores, have a tremendous impact on your finances and your life. These credit scores, as reported by the three major credit bureaus, TransUnion, Equifax and Experian, are viewed by companies when you apply for credit, open accounts and even apply for a job. Poor credit can limit the amount of money you can borrow and determine the interest rate and terms of your loans.
The Best Ways to Pay Credit Card Debts That Are in Collection
While letting credit card debt go to a collections agency is never a positive thing, deciding to pay off the debt is the ethical thing to do. You can sometimes nullify the collection account completely from your credit record. The best way to pay a collection is never clear, and any choice has negative implications. Paying less than the balance due might save the most, for example, but damage your credit.
How Your Credit Score Goes Up
Having the highest credit score possible is a critical factor for obtaining the lowest interest rates when you need to borrow money. Fortunately, you have a great deal of control over your three-digit FICO number. If you're concerned about your score, there are a number of actions you can take to improve it.
Why Would My Credit Score Go Down?
Because your credit score affects your ability to obtain credit and the interest rate you will pay on new credit accounts, it is important to keep your credit score as high as possible. A wide variety of events can damage your credit score, so you should try to avoid these if at all possible, especially when you are planning to apply for new credit soon.
Effects of a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure on Credit
When you're having trouble making ends meet and you can't afford to pay your mortgage, you may see foreclosure looming. However, there are alternatives. If you have applied for a loan modification with your lender, but were not approved, you can consider a deed in lieu of foreclosure. Ultimately, though, your credit will be impacted regardless of the path you take to be released from your financial obligation.
The Secret to a Better Credit Score
A better credit score does not happen by accident, and it does not happen because you have a high net worth or good income. In fact, these factors have nothing to do with your credit score. Your credit score is dependent on how you manage your debt and open lines of credit. By managing them correctly in the eyes of the credit reporting agencies, you can build a better credit score at any income level.
Bursting the Credit Card Myths: Putting a Statement In Your Credit File Can Help Your Score
According to the Federal Trade Commission, which enforces consumer credit rights laws, no one has the right to remove factually accurate information from his credit report. Placing a statement in your file will not help your credit score if it is low because of accurately reported information. You may, however, dispute inaccurate items in your report. You are also your best resource for fixing your own credit.
What to Look for When Looking at Credit Cards
Whether you love them or hate them, credit cards are an essential component of personal finances. Credit cards provide you with options to boost your credit score and gain access to important resources such as a house or a car. When shopping for a new credit card, however, all companies are not created equal. To get the best deal, you must compare rates, fees and benefits.
Free Credit Score Analysis
The responsibility of analyzing your credit report falls largely on your shoulders, but you can seek credit counseling to help you manage your debts. However, don't wait for a loan denial to know your credit score. Federal law entitles you to a free copy of your credit report every 12 months. Credit scores range from 300 to 850. Generally, if your credit is below 600, you are considered a higher credit risk.
What Does Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure Mean?
If you can't afford your mortgage and have to give up your home, you may be able to get your lender to agree to a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure rather than an actual foreclosure. A deed-in-lieu of foreclosure involves giving the title to your property to your lender voluntarily.
Do-it-Yourself Elimination of Bad Credit Scores
Credit repair is one of the few projects that make sense to do on your own. Companies or credit repair clinics are an unnecessary expense. Also, by rebuilding a credit history on your own, you gain more experience managing credit, which can lead to a higher score in the future. Rebuilding a credit score is possible; there are no secret tips, just the need to act like a responsible borrower.
What Are High & Low Credit Scores?
Wading through information on credit scores can be confusing, because there are few absolutes in the sector of credit scoring. One lender may view your score as high, while another could consider it too low -- and both could be right. Instead of zoning in on a score to reach, look at what your credit history contains.
How Much Your Credit Drops in Bankruptcy
If your bills, debts and other obligations have become financially crippling, it may be time to file for bankruptcy. Filing for bankruptcy is a complex legal process that has lasting effects on your finances and could cause major damage to your credit history for years. The credit score point-drop following bankruptcy varies depending on an individual's financial history and current credit score.
The Meaning of FICO
FICO, short for Fair Isaac Corp., is usually placed in front of the term "credit score."  Fair Isaac created a scoring model   based on credit information and it is used by all  the major credit bureaus. This score affects most financial areas of your life.
What Are the Consequences of Overdrafting on Your Bank Account?
When you overdraw your bank account you typically have to pay penalty fees and face the risk that your bank may refuse to honor checks presented for payment against your account. In the longer term, overdrafts can appear on consumer credit reports, and some banks will refuse to open accounts for people who have frequently overdrawn accounts in the past.
What Would Damage a Credit Score?
You might think paying debt is a good thing that should boost your credit score, but a quirk in the FICO credit scoring model could penalize you for this move. This just goes to show that you never know what might hurt a score. Most of the time, however, commonsense actions do the brunt of any damage, such as missing a payment.
Deeds-in-Lieu of Foreclosure With Release From Any Personal Responsibility
A foreclosure occurs when you miss your mortgage payments and your lender seizes your home. A foreclosure hurts your credit and you may still be liable for your debt even after you give up your home. A deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, which involves you giving up your property to your lender, may release you from any personal responsibility for your loan balance.
When Is Foreclosure Final?
Most homeowners assume a foreclosure is final when the home is sold through a public auction. In some cases, the foreclosure is not final for months or even a year. Certain states grant homeowners the right of redemption. Redemption rights allow homeowners to regain ownership of the home by paying the entire loan balance plus associated fees within a specified period of time.
Comparison of Credit Scores
People may be confused about the differences in their three credit scores. The Equifax Credit Team stated in 2011 that a frequent question from consumers  "concerns credit scores matching up -- or not matching up -- among credit-reporting agencies."  Comparing credit scores can be confusing, but their differences are caused by things such as the timing of the creditor's reports to credit agencies or variations in the credit agencies' computation methods.
Credit Scoring & Its Effects on the Availability & Affordability of CR
A three-digit number that has a significant impact on your life, your credit score may determine whether you can afford to take that vacation, replace your car or redecorate your home. Understanding your score, how it is calculated, and how it is used can help you plan and make informed financial decisions.
How Much Can a Notice of Federal Lien Hurt Your Credit Score?
When you owe taxes to the federal government and do not pay your tax liability, the Internal Revenue Services (IRS) will file a lien against your property. You will then receive a Notice of Federal Tax Lien notifying you that the lien was filed. IRS liens automatically attach to all of your assets, such as your home and vehicle, and damage your credit score.
Is Your Credit Score Updated Once a Month?
Just because you cleared up your credit history recently does not mean those actions show up on your credit report immediately, which could end up costing you a loan or making it much more expensive if you apply for a loan. The credit reporting bureaus often have significant lag time between when they receive new information about your credit history and when they update their reports. You may have to fight with the bureaus to correct your report.
Do You Get Any Money When You Use a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure is an option if you have missed your mortgage payments and are on the verge of a foreclosure. It involves voluntarily giving up the title of the property to your mortgage lender. In some cases, you can get some money from the government or the lender with a deed in lieu of foreclosure.
The Best Choice for Getting My First Ever Credit Card
Having a credit card is more than a convenience -- it is a necessity. Simple things like renting a car, taking a flight or even renting a movie can be extremely difficult without a credit card. But if you have no credit history, it can be difficult to get that first credit card. If your credit history is limited or nonexistent, you can use alternatives like prepaid credit cards and secured cards to build up the credit you need and get the convenience you want.
Why Is It That Different Credit Websites Give Me Different Credit Scores?
You might have a great credit score from one website, but an awful one from another. Don't worry, because most people get a different score from each website of a credit scoring agency. What matters most is the information in your credit profile and that you have a healthy overall financial outlook.
What Are the Meanings of Credit Scores?
Despite the fact that credit scores can help determine whether you get get a job or a mortgage, only about 3 in 10 Americans know what a credit score tells a lender, according to the Consumer Federation of America. Credit scores are a fast and effective means of determining your willingness to repay a debt rather than relying on subjective data, such as demographic information.
Do I Need to Pay My Mortgage While Doing a Deed in Lieu?
A deed in lieu of foreclosure is a common foreclosure avoidance method. It is often used as a homeowner's last resort. Once you fall behind on your mortgage payments, the lender will begin foreclosure procedures. Voluntarily giving up the home allows you to avoid the consequences of a foreclosure.
What Are Credit-Based Insurance Scores?
When you buy insurance, your premiums are impacted by a number of factors such as your driving record, your age and the level of coverage that you select. A factor that can play just as big of a role in your insurance premiums is your credit score. Insurance companies use a special credit-based insurance score to help calculate your premiums.
I Want to Raise My Credit Score
Raising your credit score not only increases your chances of qualifying for a new loan or credit card, but it also decreases the interest rate you pay on borrowed money. Use several strategies to raise your credit score, some of which have an immediate effect and others that require a few years to have a significant impact.
Uses of a Credit Score
A person's credit score is provided by credit reporting companies, financial services companies that collect information about borrowers and lenders. This number, compiled using a formula developed by the Fair Isaac Corporation, is between 300 and 850. The reports are composed of information about the individual's credit history, such as debts he has incurred, loans he has taken out and how he has repaid each of these obligations. These credit scores may be accessed and used by a number of different companies.
What Credit Score Do You Need to Have a Credit Card?
Credit scores are essential in maintaining a healthy financial life. The way you manage your credit accounts is reflected in your credit score. Ironically, to build credit, you must apply for credit.  Find a credit card that extends credit to borrowers with low or no credit score. As you build your score over time, you will gain access to cards with better terms and benefits.
Can I Report My Own Good Credit?
Instead of depending on lenders to report your good payment habits, you can report your own good credit -- with a catch. The only credit agencies likely to accept your self-reported payments are far less known and respected than the national credit bureaus. Thus, reporting your own payments is of questionable value.
Why Do I Have to Pay for My Own Credit Report Information?
Some consumers may feel it is an injustice that they must pay for information on their own financial history, but you do not always have to pay for it. Congress agrees with you and forces the major credit rating bureaus to give you at least one free report a year.
Free Credit Report FAQs
The Fair Credit Reporting Act, a federal consumer protection law, was amended in 2003 by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act to expand your rights. The amendment includes a provision that provides you with no-cost credit reports from the Equifax, TransUnion and Experian credit bureaus. Reports ordered directly from the bureaus carry a fee, but FACTA mandates a special website for the free copies and spells out other circumstances for no-cost reports.
Does it Help to Pay Collection Debt
When your debt moves from the original creditor to a collection agency, all efforts to maintain positive customer relations come to a grinding halt. Debt collectors aren't friendly and often use fear as a collection tool. While some individuals immediately pay off collection debts due to fear of the consequences of nonpayment or a sense of duty, others aren't sure whether or not paying the collection agency makes any real difference.
Why Did My New Auto Loan Lower My FICO Score by 60 Points?
When you get any type of new credit, including an auto loan, your FICO credit score will drop. The exact number of points depends on your credit history before the loan. People who have not been managing credit for very long or who have only a couple of credit accounts will see a greater impact than those with a lot of credit history.
Why Protect Your Credit Score?
Despite what you may think, it is not completely true that a credit score determines whether you get credit. Instead, credit scores indicate a perceived level of risk, or how likely you are to follow through on the terms of a credit agreement. Because individual lenders follow their own guidelines to define the risk each is willing to accept, protecting your credit score is essential to keep your perceived risk level low and your credit options high.
Divorce & Credit Scores
Divorce is simplified when husband and wife don't have any joint accounts and have maintained their finances separately. However, when they have joint credit cards, loans and other joint responsibilities, divorce can be difficult and often damaging to credit histories. Financial obligations should be taken seriously and responsibly by both spouses.
Does It Affect Your Credit Score If You Pay a Collection Debt in Full?
If you have debt that's gone into collection, a note will appear on your credit report and it will negatively affect your credit score. Paying off a debt that's in collection is sometimes a good idea as far as your credit report is concerned, but it will take time to repair the damage and you should be careful how you do it.
How Low Is Too Low for a Credit Score?
Although in theory there is no credit score that is too low, the reality is that there is usually an area in the credit score spectrum that even the loosest lender won't touch. And even if you can get credit, a low score might mean your terms will be less accommodating.
Can You Figure Out Your Credit Score From Your Credit Report?
Purchasing a FICO score can get expensive, because you need to buy one from each agency to know how lenders really view you as a risk. It also is not included in your free annual credit report. If you just want to know whether you are generally a good or bad risk and do not care about the specific score, you can estimate it for free.
Which FICO Score Is Most Used for Credit?
When you apply for several types of credit, there is a good chance that all of those lenders use the same basic scoring system: the FICO model. Thus, consumers usually associate a consumer credit score with a FICO score. Some alternative models exist and even within the FICO scoring system itself, different versions abound.
Carrying a Balance on Credit Cards
Credit cards offer convenience, allowing you to purchase things without carrying cash. They also allow you to purchase things that you don't have the money for up front, yet allow you to pay for it over time. Carrying a balance on your credit card, however, can cost you hundreds or thousands of dollars, so you need to get smart about your credit.
Why Do I Not Have a Credit Score on My Credit?
It is important to order a copy of your credit report at least once a year to help responsibly manage your personal finances. It is also helpful to know your credit score before attempting to apply for new credit. Some people mistakenly believe that pulling a credit history report is the same as retrieving a credit score.
Refinancing With a Low Credit Score
You could save your home or open up resources for other needs through a refinance loan, but if you have a low credit score this is probably is not possible. Credit scores are a huge factor when a bank underwriter sets your interest rate. Refinancing may be an option to save money when you have a low score, but only if you improve your overall financial picture.
Alternative Credit Scores
Credit scores are one of two components of the credit application system, the other being credit history reports; a score aims to produce a snapshot of the overall creditworthiness of the individual. While a system known as FICO dominates, other systems have emerged, either to produce more accurate guidance or to better reflect the standing of people who do not have a detailed credit history.
How to Design a Credit Scoring System
When customers apply for credit through your business, it's up to you as a business owner to decide how you rate them as borrowers. You can even design your own credit scoring system, making it as similar or dissimilar to the FICO credit scoring system as you wish. The key requirement is that your system assesses the likelihood that the applicant will repay the loan. You might consider the amount or type of debt the applicant owes, his tendency to make payments on debts, his income or a combination of these.
What Are the Requirements to Become a Certified Veterinary Technician?
Certification as a veterinarian technician can lead to higher wages and more opportunities for employment. While some technicians work with veterinarians assisting them in providing routine animal care and laboratory duties, others work in facilities caring for animals used in research. Not all states require certification, but of those that do, most accept passing scores on the National Veterinary Technician Exam (VTNE), according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Why Do the Credit Bureaus Differ on Credit Scores?
Although most people think of a credit score as a single number, you have multiple credit scores. When you check your credit score through each of the three bureaus -- Experian, TransUnion and Equifax -- it is not unusual to obtain three different credit scores. There are a few reasons for the discrepancy.
How Often Does My Credit Score Change?
Your credit score is a number that is calculated by the credit bureaus based on a scoring system created by the Fair Isaac Corp. Your score is dynamic and can change constantly. When you do something that could affect your credit, it may take some time before the changes reflect in your credit report.
Information on Alternative Credit
People who do not have a traditional credit score -- there are 50 million of them, according to the Fair Isaac Corporation -- sometimes wonder how to get a loan if obtaining one requires a credit history. As long as you pay bills each month you can probably acquire the standard lines of credit, such as a mortgage and credit card, but it may prove a little tougher than normal.
The Best Beginning Credit Cards
Credit cards offer one of the most convenient ways to make purchases, along with a chance to build a good credit history and borrow money for purchases you need to make now. Getting a beginning credit card, however, can be complicated and confusing, especially with so many offers from card companies. With the right card you can set yourself up for a lifetime of responsible credit.
Does Credit Counseling Affect Your Credit Score?
When consumers feel overwhelmed with mounting debt, high interest rates and stacks of unpaid bills, credit counseling can seem like an attractive option. But some actions to reduce debt can negatively affect your credit score. Find out whether credit counseling could potentially affect your credit score before meeting with financial advisors to avoid negative marks on your credit.
Can Points Be Added to a Mortgage?
Of the many different types of mortgage loans, most allow you to add or pay for loan points. The two types of mortgage loan points are discount points and origination points. By understanding discount and origination points, you can make an educated decision about choosing to add points to your mortgage loan.
Excellent Credit History
A excellent credit history opens the door to more financing opportunities. Lenders use credit to decide loan approvals, and most people apply for financing to buy a house or automobile. Credit scores range from 300 to 850. Learn ways to acquire an excellent credit history, and educate yourself on factors that affect your score.
How Does Credit Counseling Hurt Credit?
Consumers who run up too much debt might find it necessary to visit a credit counseling agency to discuss their use of credit, their card balances and how they want to handle their debts. If this describes you, understand that credit counseling itself does not hurt your credit.
How Come My Credit Scores Are All Different?
Credit scores have been used in the United States since 1956, when engineer Bill Fair and mathematician Earl Isaac created a formula to determine whether a person was a good credit risk, according to Alexis Leondis of the Bloomberg financial website. These scores are now widely used by banks, finance companies, insurers and other companies to make important decisions about your credit worthiness when you seek loans or insurance policies. There are several different versions.
How Much Does Your Credit Score Drop When You Close a Credit Card?
The effect of closing a credit card account depends on personal and specific financial circumstances. However, all consumer credit scores are calculated by the same factors, which are influenced by a credit card closure. The weight of those influences are largely determined by the balance on the card and the age of the account. For the consumer who is considering cancellation of an account, it's important that she adhere to certain protocols to minimize or eliminate damage to her credit scores.
Why Is Credit Scoring Used?
A credit score is a numerical representation of an individual's ability to manage financial credit in a responsible manner. The score also reflects the risk a financial institution may take if it extends additional credit in the form of a loan, a line of credit or a revolving credit account. Credit scores are tabulated based off a proprietary formula that can include total outstanding debt, age of credit accounts, type of accounts, number of late payments, recent credit inquiries and the severity of overdue payments. These credit scores are independently calculated by credit bureaus such as Experian, Equifax and Transunion.
How Often Does Credit and Credit Score Get Updated?
Credit reporting bureaus continually update credit reports as they receive information from lenders. Your credit score may change with these updates as lenders add new information to your report but also as old information drops off your report. How updates affect your credit score can depend on your overall credit history.
Ways Your Credit Score Takes a Hit
The Fair Isaac Corporation is the company that created FICO, a commonly used credit score. The exact mathematical formula that calculates the three-digit number used in the score is a closely held secret. Although there is no way to know exactly how much something affects your credit score, it is possible to know what general criteria will make your credit score drop.
What Qualifications do You Need to be a Computer Technician?
The term computer technician refers to a few different jobs, ranging from network administrators to support specialists. The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects high levels of growth in these fields for the period between 2008 and 2018. Expected growth ranges from 14 percent for support specialists to as high as 53 percent for network systems analysts. The qualifications needed to become a computer technician are based largely on the specialty you plan to pursue.
What Is Credit Scoring?
Credit scoring is an important tool for lenders to use in evaluating potential customers.  Many factors go into a credit score. It is important for consumers to understand credit scoring and its determining factors, as well as their own individual scores and what they can do to manage their credit record in a positive way.
Documents Needed to Rent an Apartment
When you apply to rent a new apartment, property owners and managers want to make sure that they are renting to someone who will pay on time every month and take good care of the apartment, and you'll need to provide proof that you are a responsible tenant. Bringing these documents with you when you apply for a new place can save time -- and might even place you at the front of the line of prospective tenants.
How Much Can a Notice of Federal Lien Reduce My Credit Score?
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) will file a lien against your assets if you leave your federal tax debt unpaid. After filing its lien, the IRS notifies you via a Notice of Federal Tax Lien. A federal tax lien attaches to all property that you own and also appears on your credit report. Tax liens negatively impact your credit rating, making it more challenging to get approval for new credit.
What Are FICO Credit Scores?
Fair Isaac Corporation credit scores estimate the risk of lending money to a particular individual. High-risk borrowers are people with low FICO credit scores, likely because they do not have much credit history or because they have managed credit poorly in the past. Lenders prefer low-risk borrowers because these individuals' high credit scores demonstrate that they have consistently repaid debts in the past.
What Is Needed to Become a Nail Technician in Illinois?
With the seemingly millions of colors of small pots of nail polish lining the walls in drugstores, it may seem like almost anyone can be a DIY nail technician, but the people performing these jobs are held to strict statewide regulations. Nail technicians study state-approved programs about hygiene, safety, nail techniques and color designs to earn their spots at the tables. In Illinois, prospective manicurists are held to stringent educational and testing requirements.
What Is a Hard Hit in Your Credit Score?
Your FICO credit score is a number from 300 to 850. Higher credit scores can qualify you for great rates on loans and credit cards. To maintain the best score, it's prudent to understand what a hard inquiry is and how it impacts your FICO credit score.
Lenders Taking Low Credit Scores
The three major credit bureaus use the FICO algorithm, which takes into account payment history, types of credit, debt owed and recency of credit, to determine a person's credit score. Having a good FICO score -- 640 or above according to The Credit Scoring Site -- can be crucial in gaining access to loan financing, including car and mortgage loans. Additionally, individuals with scores below 640 often pay higher interest rates. However, a few loan options are available to individuals with less-than-perfect credit.
Will a Credit Report Damage My Credit?
FICO credit scores run from 300 on the low end to up to 850 on the high end. The higher your score, the better a credit risk lenders consider you to be. A consumer with a higher credit score may receive a lower interest rate and better credit terms than a consumer with a lower score, so it's important to understand how obtaining a credit report affects your credit.
Does Activating a New Credit Card Impact Your Credit Score?
Your FICO credit score ranges from 300 to 850 and can affect several areas of your life. Lenders and credit issuers check your credit before approving you for a loan or other credit products. Landlords look over your credit prior to accepting you as a tenant. In certain cases, employers view your credit before extending you a job offer. It's important to understand how activating a new credit card will impact your credit score.
What Is the Difference Between the Credit Agencies?
You might have wildly different scores from each credit rating agency and possibly have a false impression of your creditworthiness. Consolidation of the consumer credit rating industry in the 1980s led to three major credit bureaus -- Equifax, Experian and TransUnion -- and a few minor players like Innovis controlling almost all credit reporting. Realistically, there is little difference among them.
How Can I Restore My Credit?
Although many companies claim to be able to restore your credit instantly, these promises are often false. Once you have made credit mistakes, you have to wait seven years for them to stop appearing on your credit report, or 10 years for a bankruptcy. However, their negative effect on your credit score diminishes over time, especially as you add positive data to your credit report. Focus on keeping your debt under control and making on-time payments to rebuild a positive credit history.
What Is a Credit Score & How Is It Determined?
A credit score is a number assigned to you based on a formula developed by the Fair Isaac Company (FICO), and this number is used by creditors to help determine your creditworthiness.  The credit score is based on a complex mathematical formula that involves several factors. A change in each factor can affect how other factors influence your score. However, information in several standard categories is used to calculate the FICO credit score.   You can get an estimate of your credit score by plugging your information into a calculator provided on the MSN Money website.
Does Debt Counseling Hurt Your Credit?
Credit counseling has been stigmatized, with many people falsely believing that simply using a credit counseling service negatively affects their credit. Before deciding whether to participate in credit counseling, understand how it actually works and how to control the way your credit score is impacted.
What Is a Credit Scoring System?
Credit Scoring Systems examine your credit report in different ways to rate your creditworthiness. The system itself was developed by Fair Isaac Corporation. Your credit score, frequently referred to as a FICO score, is evaluated by lenders, credit card companies, apartments, banks and some employers. It is vital you appreciate your score and keep it above 660. Under the Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act, your rights are protected.
What FICO Scores Do Credit Cards Look for?
Credit card companies have certain criteria they use to determine whether to issue an applicant a credit card.  While the FICO score is a factor, credit card companies also may use other information and other types of credit scores when making underwriting decisions. These scores allow the companies to assess the credit risk of potential borrowers.
The Effects of a Foreclosure on a Credit Score
In December 2010, foreclosures were at some of the highest levels in years with 1 out of every 501 homes in foreclosure in the U.S., according to RealtyTrac. Foreclosure means your family will likely have to find a new place to live, but this could prove challenging, because your credit takes a massive hit after such a financial disaster.
Explanation of Credit Cards
A credit card is a slim plastic card that you can use to make purchases against a line of credit or short-term loan. The card issuer extends you the line of credit on the condition that you must begin to pay down your credit card balance after a preset period of time, called a grace period. You can get general-purpose credit cards that you can use in a wide variety of locations or you can get store-specific lines of credit, which you can only use at branches of the issuing store. Understanding how credit cards work can be an important…
Does Credit Counseling Lower Your Credit Score?
Credit is a huge part of the American economy, with most people in the United States having some form of debt. Not surprisingly, credit counseling companies and nonprofit agencies track how much debt Americans acquire and eliminate. Before getting credit counseling, it's reasonable to wonder whether it will impact your credit score, because the entire purpose of credit counseling is to improve your financial situation.
What Are the Requirements for Becoming a Veterinary Technician Specialist?
Veterinary technicians are individuals who serve veterinarians in a similar capacity as nurses serve medical doctors. They typically work in private veterinary clinics and perform a variety of duties as directed by the attending veterinarian. Some veterinary technicians may wish to specialize in a particular animal group, veterinary procedure, disease or condition, or organ system. There are more than a dozen specialties available to veterinary technicians, and each specialty involves specific requirements for certification.
Credit Score Scales & Information
Credit scoring models review consumers' credit files to identify common variables. The models are used to highlight variables that are most likely to predict consumers' future behavior when handling financial matters. Some variables are given more weight than others, which can help consumers understand how creditors and lenders judge their creditworthiness.
Why Are Different Credit Web Sites Giving Me Different Credit Scores?
Financial experts frequently recommend that consumers take the time to run their credit history each year to make sure information is correct, current and that identity thieves have not opened fraudulent accounts under their name or Social Security number. If you've accessed more than one credit website, you may have noticed that you've received different credit scores. This may not be cause for concern. Understanding why different credit websites are giving you different credit scores will help you decide whether it's necessary to take action.
Does Having a Medical Bill in Collections Affect Your Credit Score?
About half of all collections accounts exist because of outstanding medical bills, according to the Federal Reserve Board. Unpaid medical bills can result in wage garnishment or other public judgment and destroy a credit rating. A medical bill in collections, however, may not hinder future applications for credit,, and you do not have to declare bankruptcy to pay it back.
How Much Does a Lien Lower Your Credit Score?
According to Experian.com, an unpaid tax lien will most definitely affect your credit score negatively. How much, however, varies since Experian notes that it depends on an individual's overall track record of paying bills on time. The important thing is to find ways to get the lien paid before considering options you have that can remove a current or old and paid lien from your credit score.
Credit Repair Loopholes
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) grants you certain credit repair rights. This federal law is meant to empower you to fix credit bureau mistakes. Such errors are so common that 37 percent of people in a Zogby International poll who checked their credit reports in 2007 found bad data. You can sometimes clean up your credit substantially by using loopholes in the law to erase as many negatives as possible.
Do Paid Medical Collections Affect Your Credit?
Your credit reports are full of data about paid and unpaid accounts. Creditors charge off unpaid bills and sell them to debt collectors, who add harmful notations on your credit reports. Medical bills that go to collections stay on TransUnion, Equifax and Experian credit bureau reports for many years, even if you eventually pay them off, unless you negotiate removal. Those accounts affect your credit as long as they are visible to other creditors.
Why Is My Credit Score Staying the Same?
Your credit score is often the determining factor for loan, credit card and lease approvals. If your credit score is never moving, that's a sign that you are not building your credit correctly. To see changes to your credit score, you'll need to either establish credit or begin using credit more frequently.
What Is the FICO Credit Scoring Range?
Many transactions are based on a three-digit number assigned to you based on how you handle debt. That number is your FICO score. It is used to determine mortgage interest rates and car loan rates. It can also affect how much you pay for car insurance. It is important to know what each organization that uses the FICO score considers to be good credit.
Does Student Loan Consolidation Hurt Your Credit?
Student loan consolidation can lower your monthly student loan payment and might even save you money on interest charges. Combining loans might seem like it could hurt a credit score because you lose a few accounts, but it won't do any damage. As long as you keep paying promptly, debt consolidation helps your credit score.
How Does Medical Debt Hit Your Credit?
Any medical debt you incur that you do not pay could result in damage to your credit. Unfortunately, outstanding medical debt in America is relatively common. A 2008 study conducted by The Commonwealth Fund, a private health care analysis foundation, noted that 79 million Americans carry medical debt. Making arrangements with your health care provider to pay your debt over time can help you avoid the potential credit damage of unpaid medical bills.
How Long Is a Credit Report Valid?
Barring death, your credit history generally remains valid throughout your adult life. Your Social Security Number, name and other identifying information are linked to your credit report to assist lenders, insurance companies and even employers in verifying your financial responsibility. Under certain circumstances, you may have information removed, establish a new history or freeze your current credit report.
Some Useful Tips on Credit Repair
From minor credit misunderstandings, such as a payment delayed in the mail, to major credit difficulties, such as being 60 days in arrears on an account, your credit difficulties seem to always find their way to the heart of your credit score. This can make your future financial transactions more difficult and expensive. Repairing those dings on your credit report before you need a new loan can help you avoid financial problems later.
Does it Help Your Credit Score to Have Utility Bills in Your Name?
Utilities require monthly payments, much like loans, but it is unlikely utility payments will help you build credit. On the contrary, for most people, utilities on a credit report represent a negative item. Putting utilities in your name, however, could help you prove your integrity and responsibility to some lenders.
How Does a Utility Collection Bill Affect My Credit?
An unpaid utility bill could "dark out" your home and ruin your credit for nearly a decade. How widespread is this kind of issue? Take a look at this example. In 2008, almost 20 percent of Minnesota-based Xcel Energy customers had past due utility bills, according to USA Today. Xcel disconnected about 600 customers a day and many of these bills went to a collections agency.
What Is an Alternative to a Credit Report?
A credit report details the credit actions of an individual in the past, so that current lenders can get a good idea of the potential borrower's risk and trustworthiness. Credit reports do not record every credit account ever opened by the borrower -- there is typically a cutoff date so the report only lists credit extending back seven years. But within this limit the report provides detailed information that helps lenders make decision about how to offer credit and what interest rates to charge. Some borrowers with less-than-healthy credit are eager to find alternatives to using their credit report.
Why Is Math Needed to Become a Veterinary Technician?
A veterinary technician assists veterinarians in providing medical care for veterinary patients. Veterinary technicians have the primary responsibility for administering nearly all medications to hospitalized patients, so it's vital a veterinary technician understands the math involved with dispensing medications. An understanding of medical math reduces errors and can save lives.
Skills Needed to Be a Veterinary Technician
For people who consider their cats, dogs and other pets far more than just "animals," those furry, scaly or feathery family members require health care to ensure long, happy lives. Animal owners put their charges' well-being in the care of veterinary technicians, who perform many of the procedures, exams and treatments at the veterinary office.
Does a Student Loan Consolidation Help Your Credit Score?
Student loan consolidation can affect the repayment terms of the loans involved in the consolidation as well as the credit score of the student consolidating the loans. How that credit score is affected depends largely on the type of student loans involved in the consolidation and how long the loans existed before being consolidated.
Why Do You Need a Credit Score?
A credit score is a general average of a person's credit report into an easily understandable number. High credit scores are good and low credit scores indicate an absence of credit or bad credit. The most popular credit score is the FICO score, named after the company that creates it. In general, numbers above 750 are good and numbers that go below 450 are bad, but lenders make their own decisions based on the score itself. Credit bureaus protect the formulas used to create credit scores, but they serve several important functions in the business world.
How Does a Person Better Their Credit Score?
Your credit score is a very important way that lenders, employers and even landlords can determine whether you are financially responsible or not. It makes sense that you would want to do all you can to make it better. Getting a better credit score sometimes happens quickly, like when you pay off a high credit card balance, but more often, it happens slowly and takes a few months or years of consistent effort .
Can Credit Counseling Hurt My Credit Rating?
Your credit rating is influenced by nearly every financial action you take, from opening, paying and closing accounts to letting a car or home get repossessed or declaring bankruptcy. Reputable credit counseling may help you avoid drastic measures, especially if you seek assistance as soon as you start having trouble paying your bills, and it may also enable you to preserve your credit rating.
What Is Considered an Unsatisfactory Result of a Credit Check?
Your credit history helps lenders, employers, insurance companies and other businesses assess your risk level by providing a written record of how you managed debt in the past. An unsatisfactory credit check is one in which derogatory information within your credit history disqualifies you from receiving the loan, credit card, job or other service you applied for. Various negative credit entries can result in an unsatisfactory credit check, depending on the company that conducts the inquiry and the specific credit standards it holds.
Is Paying a Utility Bill With a Credit Card Considered a Cash Advance?
Using a credit card to pay your bills can be convenient. When you use your credit card to make your utility payments, you have a consolidated bill showing all of your charges, and that can make budgeting and money management  easier. The payments you make to your utility company should be treated as normal charges, with no cash advance fees or interest charges incurred.
Does Your Credit Score Get Hit When Your Credit Is Pulled?
When you apply for credit or a loan, the lender must look at your credit report to check the strength of your credit, a process called an inquiry. You naturally want to shop around to get the best deals but may worry that if too many creditors are looking at your score, it could lower the score. While this is true, it's probably not something you have to worry about.
What Are My Rights to My House Before the Divorce Is Final?
Couples going through a divorce often face difficult questions about what they can or cannot do with their property. No two divorces are alike, and state laws differ widely about what you are allowed to do with your home before a divorce is finalized. Your rights to your home in a divorce is a complicated issue, one that requires the advice of an experienced family law attorney, so always talk to a lawyer if you need help with a divorce question.
What Is the Highest Credit Score a Person Can Get?
You have a credit score if you ever borrowed money from a financial institution, opened a credit account or performed a similar credit-related activity. Credit bureaus use data from your credit reports, plug the information into proprietary formulas and calculate a three-digit number that summarizes your credit worthiness. A high score means you are likely to pay your obligations, according to the Consumer Federation of America, while a low number indicates default risk.
Recommended Credit Score
Your credit score is a number that summarizes your credit risk as a borrower. By far the most frequently used scoring system is the FICO score, used by all three major credit-reporting agencies: TransUnion, Experian, and Equifax. FICO scores range from 300 to a perfect score of 850. As with most things in life, perfection is rare. You should know what credit scores lenders recommend so you can spot problems and work to build your own score if it's too low.
What Are the Benefits of Credit Scoring?
Nearly everyone who has ever taken out credit has been assigned a credit score -- a number representing an estimate of the probability an individual will pay back a loan. These credit scores are issued by credit bureaus, also called credit reporting agencies, which gather information about an individual's borrowing habits and use it to calculate his credit score. This practice of credit scoring has a number of advantages to both lenders and borrowers.
Does a Car Loan Inquiry Hurt My Credit Score?
After a potential lender pulls your credit report to check your score, the lending company shows up on your report as an inquiry. Inquiries generated in response to your application for credit do hurt your credit score after a short waiting period, but in most cases, the impact is minimal.
Why Is My Good Credit Not Showing on My Credit Report?
Your credit and loan providers report your accounts to the credit bureaus. These accounts, and the payment history for each, then appear as trade lines, or account lines, on your credit report. Positive trade lines that demonstrate a history of timely payments help your credit rating, while negative trade lines reflecting charge-offs or multiple late payments damage your credit scores. Unfortunately, in certain situations, your good credit may not show up on your credit report.
Tips on Boosting a Credit Score
Your credit score is determined by proprietary formulas developed by the FICO scoring company and the credit bureaus. The My FICO website explains that certain factors affect the calculation. Boost your score by concentrating on the most heavily weighed factors. Your credit reports, from which scoring information is obtained, will reflect your efforts.
Myths & Truths About Grants
Although there are hundreds of billions of dollars worth of grants available in the United States each year, determining if you're eligible and deciphering the ins and outs of applying for grants can be daunting. The demystification of grants is the first step in seeking and securing money for your own needs, or for the needs of your organization. Books and articles promising free, easy money for everything from paying off your credit card bills to buying a car are questionable at best. Even in the world of grants, there are no free lunches.
Does a Late Mortgage Payment Harm the Chance to Refinance?
When a person takes out a mortgage, he agrees to a repayment plan, usually one in which he pays back a portion of the principal plus interest every two weeks or a month. Often, after having the mortgage for a period of time, the borrower may seek to replace his current mortgage with another one, a process called refinancing. A failure to pay back the previous mortgage on time may have caused damage to the person's credit score and could potentially lower the refinancing rates available to him.
Does Being a Secondary Person on a Credit Card Lower My Credit Score?
Depending on how you use your credit cards, they can either benefit or damage your credit scores. Each credit card's payment status and debt level are more important than your status as either a primary or secondary user. Because of this, the primary card holder's irresponsible use of the account can damage a secondary user's credit rating without the secondary user immediately realizing that damage has occurred.
Steps to Achieve a Better Credit Score
Your personal credit profile determines your ability to attain credit from a bank or other lending company. Credit scores are numbers between 350 and 800. The higher your personal credit rating, the easier it is to get a line of credit or a loan. You can achieve a better credit score. This involves learning smart ways to manage credit, and implementing what you learn into your daily life.
Will Late Cell Phone Payments Hurt Credit?
Late payments and related items like account write-offs and court judgments hurt your credit rating when they show up on your credit reports. Certain accounts, such as loans and credit cards, always show up on your TransUnion, Equifax and Experian reports. Other bills do not appear in your files unless you neglect them and cause the creditor to take reportable action against you.
Will an Insurance Inquiry Appear on My Credit Report?
An inquiry is a record of who has viewed your credit report. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, only companies with a permissible purpose, or valid reason, may view that report. As a consumer, you should understand when an inquiry from an insurance company will appear on your credit report. and how that might affect your credit rating.
The Fastest & Easiest Way to Build Up Credit
Rebuilding credit after a bankruptcy or credit consolidation process is not easy. You cannot do it instantly. It takes time, effort and discipline. But it is important to re-establish a solid, good credit history as fast as possible. The time this process takes really depends on you and the financial setback you have experienced.
Why Does My Credit Report Not Include My Credit Score?
When you are preparing to apply for a loan, you may wish to know what is on your credit report. After receiving your copy, you may be surprised to find that it does not contain your credit score. Even without the score, these reports can be quite helpful in understanding your financial health.
How Much Can Medical Laboratory Technicians Earn?
Medical laboratory technicians are responsible for using scientific tests and equipment to perform a variety of tasks ranging from performing blood tests to making custom-fit prosthetic devices. Salaries for these workers differ widely according to factors such as position and job description.
How Does a Credit Score Impact Your Ability to Get Credit?
Credit scores help lenders assess the risk of lending money to loan applicants. Many different scoring systems exist, but they all use the borrower's credit history to predict the likelihood of repayment, based on the past behavior of borrowers with similar profiles. Credit scores are one of the most important factors when a lender makes a decision to reject or approve an applicant, and they also affect the rates and terms that lenders will offer.
Five Ways to Cut Credit Cards From Your Life
Some people develop a pattern of relying heavily on credit cards. They pull out plastic to purchase gas, groceries and even pay bills. While credit cards help build a credit history and are highly useful in emergencies, misuse can result in debt problems and uncontrolled spending. Fortunately, you can win the fight against credit cards and cut them from your life.
Will a House Boost Your Credit Score?
Credit scores are calculated using criteria such as the types of credit accounts you have, the balances on the credit accounts, the overall and average length of your credit history, and other factors. When you add a house mortgage to your credit report,  several new factors are added to the report that can make your credit go up or down, depending on your situation.
How Can I Tell What My Credit Score Is?
Your credit score is a numerical representation of the credit risk you pose to lenders. The higher the score, the less risk that you will default on a loan. Lenders use your credit score in conjunction with your credit report to determine whether to give you a loan. Your credit score also determines your interest rate; people with high scores typically get lower interest rates because lenders consider them more credit-worthy.
Little Known Things That Hurt Your Credit Score
When it comes to important elements of your financial portfolio and history, few things are more critical than your credit score. Lenders look at this score to determine whether you're eligible for a new line of credit, such as a mortgage or a loan, as well as what kind of interest fees to charge you. Thus, keeping your score high is essential. Alas, several little-known things can actually tarnish your score.
What Are My Responsibilities As a Co-Signer on a Car Lease?
As a cosigner, you're responsible for the same leasing requirements and contract provisions as the borrower. Billing and correspondence usually goes to the registered borrower, however, so you might not be notified if the person you cosign for is missing or late on payments. Before cosigning for someone else's lease, consider your various responsibilities and how they can affect you financially.
Five Ways to Harm Your Credit Score
Credit scores range between 300 and 850. A high score indicates superb credit habits. A good credit rating qualifies for you for the most competitive interest rates on mortgages and other loans. Keeping a good rating involves avoiding habits that can harm your score.
Can HAMP Ruin Your Credit Score?
By 2012, the Home Affordable Modification Program (HAMP) will help up to four million homeowners restructure their mortgage to make payments affordable. Most loan-modification programs hurt your credit score, but HAMP might help it. Your credit score before you enter the HAMP program determines the effect it has on your credit.
Tips to Legally Improve Your Credit Score
Having a good credit score is becoming more necessary than ever in order to get approved for a small business, home or personal loan.  Although it can be difficult, there are several different ways to legally improve your credit score, according to the Federal Trade Commission.
If My Credit Card Is Frozen, Will it Affect My Credit Score?
Handing your credit card to the waiter at the restaurant, only to be told moments later that it doesn't go through, is an unpleasant and embarrassing situation. If your credit card is locked because you failed to make minimum payments, your credit score may naturally be effected. On the other hand, a "credit freeze" is a wholly different concept with very different consequences.
Does Your Credit Rating Go Down If You Are Late on Paying a Utility Bill?
Credit reports and credit scores are often ordered and viewed by potential lenders during the process of evaluating you for a loan. The information that creditors report to credit bureaus affects your credit score. You should be aware of which creditors you have that report to credit bureaus and how late payments can affect your credit score.
How Long Does a Late Mortgage Payment Stay on Your Credit?
In May 2009, 8.1 percent of all mortgage holders were late on their payments -- a 2.8 percent increase over May 2008, according to NuWire Investor. A late mortgage payment has the potential to destroy your credit for years to come. Eventually, your late mortgage payment leaves your record, but you should become proactive to prevent a late payment in the first place.
Definition of Credit Scoring Brackets
A few points can cost you thousands of dollars over the lifetime of a loan, because lenders set interest rates depending on which credit scoring bracket you fall into. Credit scoring brackets or tiers are not always the same across all industries or even within them. Finding out typical scoring brackets gives you a goal to aim for when improving your credit.
What Does a High Risk Credit Score Mean?
Fair, Isaac and Company are the architects behind your FICO Credit Score, which is used by lenders to determine your creditworthiness.  Your score can range from 300 to 850 and depends on many factors, such as your payment history, the amount of debt you owe and the length of your credit history.  Scores of 760 or higher indicate a high degree of creditworthiness, while lenders classify those with scores of 620 or below as high risk.
What Will Filing Chapter 7 Do to My Credit Score?
When your debt load has become unmanageable and you find that your debts exceed your assets, you might choose to declare personal bankruptcy. Under Chapter 7 bankruptcy, also known as liquidation bankruptcy, the debtor is allowed to keep some property and receives protection from creditors, but may also be required to surrender some assets. In addition, the other large downside to filing for Chapter 7 is the damage it does to your credit rating.
Cosigning & My Credit Score
You may want to help friends or family members by co-signing on a loan, but doing so is a significant commitment and responsibility. You must consider it as though you are taking on a loan of your own, since that's how it will appear on your credit report. In the event that the loan goes into default, you will need to take over payments. Before making any agreements, consider the risks of co-signing to protect yourself down the road.
Which Credit Score Do Lenders Use?
A credit score can determine whether you get a loan and affect other aspects of your life, such as getting a job, but not all credit scores are the same. Most lenders use the same formula to calculate your credit score, but they rely on information gathered by a third party. However, there are several alternative scores lenders can consult.
How to Protest Items on Credit Report
Items on your credit report can stick around and cause problems for many years. If information on your credit report is inaccurate, you can file a protest and have it removed. According to the U.S. Fair Credit Reporting Act, any false or inaccurate information must be corrected or removed within 30 days. If a creditor does not respond to the challenge within that time frame, it is removed as well.
Is the Use of a Credit Score a Valid Screening Criteria for Employment?
Forty-seven percent of employers perform credit checks on at least some jobs in their company and 13 percent do this for all employees, according to a 2010 Society for Human Resource Management study. As of 2010, credit checks are usually valid for screening employment applications. Federal and state privacy laws, however, sometimes prevent the use of your credit history or certain information in it when applying for a job.
Difference Between Deed in Lieu & Foreclosure
Mortgage companies lend consumers money under certain conditions. If these conditions are met, the borrower will pay back the loan amount plus interest. This enables the mortgage company to lend money to other borrowers. If a borrower falls behind on mortgage payments, or defaults, the mortgage company has the right to begin foreclosure proceedings on the property. In foreclosure, the property is seized by the bank and typically sold to recoup any loss. In certain circumstances, the borrower may choose to sign a deed in lieu of foreclosure, and willingly give the home back to the bank.
How Much Does a Hard Credit Pull Lower Credit Score?
Soft credit inquiries, which do not indicate a need for credit---such as an employer checking your credit or a preapproved credit card offer---never hurt your credit score no matter how many are on your record. Hard credit inquiries, ones you initiate, usually have a minimal affect on your credit score. An excessive amount of hard inquiries, however, have the potential to hurt your credit.
How Long Does It Take for Issues to Hit Your Credit Reports?
A negative item, such as a late payment, does not show up on your credit report immediately, but it will only be a matter of time before your credit report displays a red mark. How long it takes an issue to reflect on your creditworthiness depends on the diligence of your creditor.
What Do Veterinary Technicians Earn?
Veterinary technicians assist veterinarians in crucial technical and animal handling roles. Vet techs, as they are commonly known, perform intake examinations by measuring an animal's weight and any other relevant information the vet needs to perform an exam. In some cases this includes taking the animal's pulse and temperature. Vet techs also administer shots and vaccinations, extract blood and urine samples and run diagnostic tests. Their role supports veterinarians the way nurses support doctors.
Definition of "Credit Scoring Model"
A mathematical formula used by nearly every lender determines whether you receive a loan for a house or car. The use of credit scoring models are a recent development in the financial world. Today, almost every lender uses the same closely guarded scoring model, although the general parameters are available to the public.
How to Rack Up Points on Your Credit Score
A high credit score gives you borrowing power because lenders see you as a good risk. Your score is determined by a proprietary formula by FICO, the oldest scoring company, and the Equifax, Experian and TransUnion credit bureaus. There are certain factors known to affect the number. You can rack up points fast if focus on improving your records in the most important areas.
How Long Is a Mortgage Default on a Credit Report?
Whether financial distress leaves you unable to continue making mortgage payments or you opt to strategically default on your mortgage loan, your failure to adhere to the terms of your loan contract appears on your credit report as derogatory information and damages your credit score. The consequences of your mortgage default and your lender's policies can sometimes impact how long the negative information remains within your credit history.
How to Separate Credit Before a Divorce Is Final
When going through divorce, credit is often the least of your concerns. If, however,  you and your spouse shared joint credit accounts, separating those accounts before the divorce is final can save you a lot of hassle down the road. Though as a couple you still maintained different credit ratings and reports, your joint credit accounts will appear on your credit report and could negatively affect your credit rating if you don't take steps to separate and settle joint debts.
How Are Points Added to Your Credit Score?
Your credit score can be one of the most important numbers in your life if you want to buy something using a payment plan. Improving your credit score will give you access to loans at a lower interest rate, may lower your insurance rate and can increase your ability to borrow money. The three credit reporting agencies --  Experian, TransUnion and Equifax -- compile credit scores based on what is in a consumer's credit report, and their scores reflect the amount of risk  to the creditor that the borrower will not pay back the loan.
Requirements for a 750 Credit Score
The FICO score is named for the Fair Isaac Corporation, a California firm behind the development of the credit scoring system. By assigning a value to a person's credit history, lenders can have a fast and accurate way of predicting the risk involved in providing that individual a loan.
What Qualifications Do You Need to Achieve As a Veterinary Technician?
Most veterinary technicians act as nurses for small animals while working under the supervision of a veterinarian. They typically are employed in private clinical practice or an animal hospital that focuses on dogs, cats and other pets. Qualifications to succeed as a veterinary technician include completion of training, high skill levels and certain personal qualities as well.
How Is Credit Rating Evaluated?
You hear it all of the time on TV: "For well-qualified buyers," which means for people that have good credit. But how, exactly, is your credit rating calculated? Although the entire credit score concept may seem foreign to you, there is a lot of math that goes into your credit score. The type of credit you use, how often you make your payments, your established credit and how much credit you use all affect your credit score.
Impact on Credit Score When Opening a New Credit Card
A person's credit score is an estimate, made by credit reporting agencies, of the likelihood that he will pay back a new loan on time and in full. The information used to determine a person's credit score is reported by lenders and collected in a credit report. Each time a person takes out a new loan or line of credit -- such as when opening a new credit card -- this information is entered in the credit report and the person's score is affected.
The Quickest Way to Get Your Credit Score Up
Having a low credit score will affect your ability to obtain credit cards, car loans and home mortgages. Employers and landlords check credit scores to find out if you are financially responsible. Low credit scores are a result of paying bills late, home foreclosure, bankruptcy, overextended credit cards or other financial problems that have occurred. Credit scores range from 300 to 850. A good score is 740 or above. You can get your credit score up relatively quickly.
Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure Vs. Foreclosure
Mortgage loans allow people to finance the purchase of a home that they are unable to pay for with cash. After the loan is accepted, the borrowers make monthly mortgage payments to the lender until the loan is paid in full. The most common loan term is a 30-year mortgage. If the borrowers cannot afford to make monthly mortgage payments, the lender attempts to collect past-due amounts. If this situation arises, the borrowers are faced with a few choices. A deed in lieu of foreclosure may be possible if the lender agrees. If not, the lender will foreclose on the…
The Impact to Credit: Short Sale Vs. Deed in Lieu
Credit scores provide lenders with an assessment of people's creditworthiness. Those with high enough credit scores can get loans at the best rates; those with low credit scores may not be able to get loans at all.  Sometimes a person with good enough credit to qualify for a loan still winds up defaulting. Homeowners have a few options if faced with this situation; a short sale or a deed in lieu of foreclosure may be used to avoid foreclosure proceedings.
How to Secure All Three FICO Scores
Most consumers realize they have a credit or "FICO" score, but many fail to appreciate its importance. Your FICO score is one of the most important numbers in your financial life. Your FICO score determines what loans you can get and how much interest you'll pay. In some cases, employers are even using FICO scores when making hiring decisions! That's why it's so important to regularly check your FICO scores from all three of the major credit rating bureaus. You're entitled to one free credit report from each agency per year.
The Effect of a Deed in Lieu on Credit
A person's credit score builds up over time by the rating from creditors. How often credit is used and payments are made on time affect the credit rating. Failure to pay a mortgage loan can result in serious damage to a borrower's credit score. However, preventing foreclosure by using a deed in lieu may lessen the damage to the credit report.
Does a Forbearance Hurt Your Credit Score?
When times get tough financially, it is easy to let your bills fall behind. In these times, your bank might be able to help you to get out of trouble. Forbearance is an option that can help you get your bills current and save your credit in the process.
