Great information. I just did a similiar post on my site maybe three or four days ago. Got my
information from the same site.
You covered it more extensively.  Awesome job!!!! People definitely need this info, because once they know how their credit score is determined they can take the necessary steps to improve it.
4 MoneyEnergy
Another important point or two is that
1) you’re allowed to get a free copy of your credit report once a year (order it from their sites) and
2) check this report to make sure the info is correct.  Really.  There were some serious errors on mine, including my employer and address – one hadn’t been updated in 10 years and the other was just wrong.
5 Sabrina Young
Over 80% of credit reports contain errors, and 25% contain errors significant enough to deny the person credit. MoneyEnergy is right. Check your credit report regularly.
6 Andrew
Found an interesting oddity on my credit report once.  I opened a store-branded charge (not credit) card when I was in college, about 11 years ago.  I had stopped using, but never actually closed, the account.  The store has since gone bankrupt, but the charge card still shows as an open account on my credit report.  It seems that this is one of those no harm situations, based on what you’ve shared, although there has been zero activity on the account for about 9 years.  I once tried to figure out who I could contact to close the account, but ran into a bunch of dead ends.
Any thoughts on what action, if any, I should take?  Is it helping, hurting, neutral?
7 Jeff Clair
Great job Ryan!
Your post revealed the truth about credit score as this information will help to maintain a high credit score. Thanks for the valuable post.
Jeff Clair
8 Ryan
Andrew,
The account is helping you because it helps your average age of credit. The older the average age of your accounts, the better. It also helps your credit utilization rate because you have that amount of credit that you are not (and will not use).
The only way it could hurt you is the type of credit it is – a store branded charge account. These are generally labeled as consumer finance accounts, which tend to have a lower rating than regular credit cards or secured loans like a mortgage or car note.
But, I’m not sure it’s going to be a big deal for your credit score. I would think that overall it is more toward neutral, but I’m not 100% on that.
9 Vishal
Question for you.
If I have a Credit Card with a credit limit > $10,000, but have used it sparingly over the past couple of years (say, not more than $200 annually with punctual payments), does that affect my credit score negatively ?
Thanks !
10 Ryan
Hello Vishal,
Your score is based on many factors, such as payment history, amounts owed vs. amount of credit available (credit utilization), age of credit history, new credit, and type of credit.
It seems like you make all your payments on time, which means your payment history should be good. You don’t use much of your available credit, which means your utilization is low, and you’ve had your card for a few years, which means your history is established.
I think the fairly high limit is fine as long as you aren’t looking to take out additional large lines of credit. In fact, a higher limit can help your score because it keeps your utilization lower. Based on limited info, your situation shouldn’t affect your score negatively.
11 pat
To keep your credit score high is it necessary to have some type of loan payment.
I have heard that paying in cash and carrying no debt can actually hurt your credit score. Is this true?  Our credit score last March was 810. I don’t want to loose the good rating. I am contemplating taking out a loan to have the inside of our home painted just to keep our credit history alive. We have the funds to pay for it in cash, but I hate the thought of paying interest to some one.
We have had no car payments for the last 11 years. Our mortgage has been paid off for 1 1/2 years. We paid off our 15 yr mortgage in about 9 yrs.  We have 3 credit cards and pay the balance off every month “if” used.  The oldest credit card was established in 1994. We pay ALL bills on time (early).  I am 53 years old. I don’t want to end up with a bad credit rating as I age  because I want to pay in cash.  We have always kept our debt low. In fact, because of lack of credit in our 20/30′s we had some difficulty getting credit. I recently recieved a letter from Master Card reducing our limit by $2000 dollars to refect more of our spending habits. I took this as a negative blow to our credit status.
Your thoughts on this subject.
12 Ryan
Pat, Many credit card companies are lowering credit limits right now as they are trying to reign in the amount of credit they have extended to people. This is more or less happening across the board, so you shouldn’t take it as a sign against you.
Being debt free is a wonderful position to be in, and I would do my best to stay that way. I don’t think it will hurt you if you continue using your credit cards and paying them off every month. As long as you continue having them, they should work favorably on your credit report.
If you are concerned about your score dropping, then check it once a year or so just to make sure it isn’t changing. You should also periodically check your credit report to verify accuracy.
Best of luck!
13 Grace
I have obtained the score of each of the three bureaus: Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion.   Each of them gives me a difference score.   Which one is the FICO score?  Is it the average of the three scores?   Thank you.
14 Ryan
Grace, The FICO score is a proprietary algorithm known only to the FICO credit company (it is also the most commonly used by lenders, but not the only credit score used by lenders; some may use other scores).
If you need a loan in the near future and feel the need to know your FICO score, then you can go to the myFICO website and buy a copy of your credit score from them – the cost is usually around $15, but be sure to only purchase a one time score if that is the only information you are seeking (some credit score companies offer a credit monitoring service which is a monthly fee; these can be a good service, but only if it is something you feel like you want or need).
If you don’t need a true FICO score in the near future, then you should be fine with the credit scores you have from the three bureaus, with the understanding that your FICO score will be somewhere in the area of the three scores you received.
This is also a good time to review your credit reports from each of the bureaus to ensure the information they contain is accurate.
15 Grace
I did go to myFICO website and got the score of 784 and it says Equifax FICO score.   Is this a fair representative of all three scores?
16 Ryan
Yes, it should be a fair representation of your credit score. The numbers may vary slightly depending on which bureau’s information is used, but the numbers should generally be close. If there is a large difference in any one bureau then it would be a good idea to look into your credit report worth that bureau to see if any of the information thy have on file is bad.
17 Jim
Who needs Credit Scores if you don’t get loans?
We should all vow to stop using banks, money and credit altogether and switch back to the barter system. Oh that’s right, I forgot people don’t want the economy to improve.
18 i .modak
i dont know how many people are in my situation but feedback on this question will be appreciated….
i owed $150 on a capital one credit card and got a job offer out side the usa which i accepted, while i tried to pay that off online but the system in place wouldnt let me log in from outside the us,  i emailed the bank so many times but no reply, now since i have come back i have a very low credit rating which disqualifies me even for a car loan, before this all my credit cards were fully paid for,  they gave my details to debt collectors which ruined my credit,,,,
one thing i cant understand is i had $6000 on my credit card and i only had only $150 unpaid, if they thought that i had run away with the money then i would have taken the whole amount rather than just $150, i have cleared all my dues but my credit is just nullified, cant get loan for anything— what do people do in such situations–so frustrating…
19 Kayla
My husband has a credit score of 784, I have a credit score of 663. We were recently offered a credit card from our bank with a $1700 limit. Currently neither of us has a credit card, though we do have established credit through student loans, and he is an authorized user on his parents target visa card. We do not need the credit card, but were told by some that having one would positively impact our credit scores, though I have also heard that they can negatively affect your score. We are wanting to take out a mortgage within the next 9 months and do want to ensure our scores are as high as possible. Would you recommend getting the card?
20 Ryan Guina
Kayla, there are a lot of factors which go into applying for a mortgage, including your credit score, credit history, income, debt to income ratio, how much you are financing, and more. It is very difficult for anyone to tell you exactly how getting a credit card will affect your score in regard to being able to get a mortgage. In general, getting a new credit card will give you a small hit on your credit score until you can show you are handling it well, and establish some history with it. Then you will likely gain the few points you lost back, and then your score should begin to climb. This is assuming you make all payments on time, don’t have a large limit on the card, and don’t spend the entire balance at once (credit utilization is how much of your available credit you are using). Your husband has a great credit score, so a credit card shouldn’t affect his score much in either direction. Your score could use some improvement before applying for a mortgage, so make sure that if you get a credit card, that it is in your name as well, and that it reports to the credit bureaus in your name so you can gain the benefits of increasing your credit score. Best of luck!
