|
|
Most people know what a credit score is, but not really what it means or is all about. What qualifies as a good credit score? Some people consider a good credit score to be 720+, but this is classified as above average credit, or “very good credit”. Most people do not have a credit score that is this high, but with some time and some effort, you can achieve a higher credit score.
So what does a good credit score mean for you?
Good credit can get you lower percentage rates on your purchases and loans, and bonuses like miles and gifts. You can get department store credit cards, and you can get better loans. People with good credit can buy cars and homes with the financing that they need. If your credit score is not high enough, then you will either be denied outright for these types of financing and lending, or you will be forced to accept much higher interest rates, which really isn’t fair but is unfortunately up to the lender to decide.
When you have a good credit score, you can get approved for any type of financing that you need. Most credit scores reach as high as 850, and with a credit score this high, no one is going to have an issue lending to you. However, what is considered good credit is different to everyone, and some lenders are perfectly satisfied with lower credit scores as long as your credit report does not show anything really terrible. What some people may consider to be “so so” credit may actually be decent credit to a lender when it comes to getting a car loan or a home repair loan.
Generally speaking, a credit score below 600 is considered to be poor, and anything between 600 and 700 is continued good or fair. Having a good credit score is important, because it allows you to get the financing that you need, no matter what it is that you need it for. Because you never know when you are going to need money fast, having a good credit score is vital. If you suddenly have medical bills to contend with or an issue with your vehicle that needs to be repaired, then you need to be able to get a loan or a line of credit fast, which is much easier when you have a good credit score. Having a good credit score is a good way to make sure that you can get the lending you require whenever you require is, so start building a healthy credit report and score now, and take advantage of the results over time and you will surely be glad that you put effort into keeping your credit score high and your credit report in good standing with all three credit bureaus.
