Controlling Consumer Debt
We talked about credit scores in-depth in our article About Credit Scores , but some of the concepts explained there are worth briefly repeating.  This explanation should help you to better understand how you compare to a national average credit score.
Credit scores are on a scale from around 300 to 850, with 850 being the highest credit score possible.  To give you a feel for the extremes, while the national average credit score is 692, only 13% of the nation's population has scores above 800.  At the other extreme, roughly 15% of the population has a credit score lower than 550.  In general, a good credit score is anything above 700.
That information gives you two data points to think about.  The national average credit score is 692 and a good credit score is anything above 700.  Does that mean that half of all Americans have a credit score below the national average?
The short answer is: No.  In fact, 58% of Americans have credit scores above 700.  The national average is only 692 because the average is being pulled down by some very low credit scores.  Remember, we're not talking about the median score (half the population above a value and half below a value), we're talking about an average score.
Factors Affecting Credit Scores
There are a total of five factors that go into the calculation of a FICO credit score.  But there are just two pieces of information that account for 65% of the total score:
Payment History (35% of credit score) - Your payment history is determined from payment patterns to creditors or lenders.  This component of the score is a reflection of how frequently you pay your bills or loans back on time.
Outstanding Debt (30% of credit score) - The second major factor is how much debt you have outstanding.  The more debt you have outstanding, relative to what creditors think you can financially handle, the lower your credit score.
National Credit Score Facts
Now that you have a fundamental understanding of credit scoring, we thought it would be interesting to share some of the facts that have been gathered from the Experian National Score Index (January 2011).  These credit score facts are based on information compiled from a large database of credit scores in the United States.  This means the term national average credit score and average US credit score can be used interchangeably.
From the Experian database, we know the following facts:
Consumers in the state of Nevada have the lowest average credit score in the nation, with a score of 668.  This is two points lower than Texas, which has the second lowest average in the U.S.
Consumers in the state of Minnesota have the highest average credit score in the nation with a score of 721.  That's over 50 points higher than Nevada.
There are 18 states, plus the District of Columbia, that have an average credit score below the national average.
There are 32 states that have an average credit score above the national average.
Finally, to satisfy all of those that have a need to understand how their credit score stacks up against the national average, and their state, we've put together the following credit score tables:
Credit Scores Below the National Average
Nevada
