Tips and Guides on Whats A Good Credit Score and Credit Score Info
 
Whats a Good Credit Score?
If you’re trying to get a loan or some other form of credit then you’re probably asking yourself both “What is my credit score ?” and “Whats a good credit score?” Well I’m here to help you figure out what a good score is and I can point you in the direction to find out your own score to compare it with.
What is a credit score?
The first thing you should know when trying to figure out what’s a good credit score is what credit scores are and how they work. Your credit score is a number that is used by lending agencies to determine your credit risk. Whenever you take out some form of credit be it a loan, credit card or other the agency that gives it to you will report it to the credit scoring agencies. They’ll also report whether you’ve been paying your bills on time or not and other important information. All this information is recorded by the credit scoring agencies and then combined to come out with a number that represents your credit score. Each of the agencies has a slightly different method of calculating the number so all 3 of the major score providers may provide a slightly different numbered score.
Basically since you may be trying to go to a new bank or lender to get a loan where they don’t know anything about you a whole system of credit scoring has been created that will allow them to quantify your past credit history and get some indication as to whether you’re going to be a risky investment for them or not. The lender will typically either use one of the three scores from the scoring agencies or an average of the three. The most typically used credit score is the FICO credit score which is a score provided by the agencies Experian, TransUnion and Equifax.
Whats a good credit score?
Now that you know a bit about credit scores you probably want to know “What’s a good credit score?” The FICO scoring system has a scoring range of 300-850 and your credit score will be some number in that range. Previously many lenders would consider lower scores above 650 or so to be a good score, however, with the recent changes in the economic environment these days a good score is typically one over 700 points. With a score above 700 or so you are typically able to get loans and qualify for better rates.
So 700 or above is considered a good credit score, then what’s a bad credit score? Well all lenders have different requirements but generally a score in the range of 650 is considered about an average score and a score below 600 is considered a bad score or a credit risk. If you have a credit score below 600 many lenders will think twice about giving you more credit and you should consider looking into some ways to improve your score.
So what’s my credit score?
Now that you know a bit about credit scores you probably want to know what your credit score is. Well first you should know that you’re allowed to get a free credit report annually, however, this credit report will only list out your credit history and not show your score from the three credit score agencies. The annual free credit report is useful to look and see if there are any errors with your credit report for you to get fixed. If you want to see your credit score you will typically have to sign up with one of the credit score reporting sites available on the internet, there are many options but we suggest you check out this service .
Credit Scores Explained
The term “ credit score ” is often used when dealing with the purchase of a new car or home. However, many of us might not know just what it means. A majority of people understand that it’s a number which can make or break our chances to get funded for any number of things, but what factors come into play when figuring that elusive number, and why is it so important? Here is a guide to credit scores explained, so that you can have a better idea of why they are a vital part of your financial future.
How are credit scores computed?
Your credit score is based upon your credit report, and has nothing to do with your income. The information for your credit report is usually from one of the main credit bureaus: Equifax, Experian, or TransUnion. There are a number of ways in which your credit is scored, with each of these bureaus utilizing their own methods to compute it. However, the method that is most widely recongnized is FICO, and that credit score is typically the most accurate. Your score can range anywhere from 300 to 850, with most Americans falling into the 600 to 750 range. There is also another score, called the VantageScore, and that ranges from 501 to 990.
What factors affect your credit score?
There are a variety of factors which will affect your credit score. If you have failed to make payments on time in the past or have maxed out a majority of your credit cards, then your score will typically be negatively impacted. In addition, if you have asked for several types of credit, whether that be loans or credit cards, quite frequently over a rather short period of time, that will also tend to lower your score. Those who have a good mix of credit, such as loans and credit cards, rather than just a secured card, will have a more favorable credit score. If you have a credit report that dates back a good span of time, this will help your credit score as well.
Why are credit scores so important?
Now that we’ve gone through credit scores explained, it’s important to convey just how important they are. Your credit score will be used to determine your ability to secure a loan, credit card, or any other type of funding. For instance, many cell phone companies now use your score to determine whether or not your eligible to sign a contract for their service, and you must have a high score to get a vehicle with a reasonable interest rate. Credit scores have become a part of your every day financial life, given the fact that they are used to figure out whether you are a good risk and worthy of funding for a vast majority of the large purchases you’ll make over the course of time.
You are able to view your credit report for free once per year, so it’s always a good idea to request it and take a look to make certain that you are aware of its contents. Hopefully have your credit score explained has helped you to better understand just how important it really is, and how much a low score can impact your life.
What is an Excellent Credit Score?
We have all heard that having a good credit score is key to buying a new home, leasing a vehicle, or even signing up for certain services, such as utilities and cell phones. However, understanding what constitutes an excellent credit score, as well as how to achieve it and what can be done with it, can be rather confusing. It’s important to your financial future that you are aware of just what an excellent credit score is and why it is so vital.
The definition of a top credit score 
An excellent score varies depending upon which credit score method is used to determine the number. For a FICO Score, an excellent number is anything in the range of 730 to 850, while the Vantage Score’s excellent range is between 900 to 990. Also, if your Vantage Score is an A rating, then that it also a top score. These scores are based upon your credit report, which contains detailed information regarding past loans, payments, and credit card accounts, amongst other financial items. Negative reportings will lower your score, the exact number of points that are deducted all depends upon the severity of the debt or the length of delinquency of payments. An excellent credit store requires an above average financial history and diligence on the part of those who have ideal credit.
How to achieve an excellent credit score
An excellent credit score is the result of keeping your current credit card balances as low as possible and making payments on time. In addition, having variety of items on your report, such as loans and cards, rather than simply secured credit cards, can improve your chance of achieving an excellent credit score. Delinquent credit accounts or unpaid loans will ultimately lower your score, as well as an over abundance of credit cards that are maxed out. Yet another factor which can have an impact upon your credit score is the frequency in which your credit score has been checked recently, as those who have had the credit run quite often in a short period of time will negatively affect their scores by doing so.
The benefits of an excellent credit score
There are a number of reasons why having an excellent credit score is important. In order to get the best interest rates on loans and credit cards, you are typically required to have a good credit score, whereby better scores mean better rates. Also, you will have more opportunities to secure funding for major purchases, such as a vehicle or home mortgage if your score is higher. Not to mention that having and excellent credit score will allow for you to provide less documentation for proof of income when you do request funding in most instances.
It’s a good idea to keep track of your credit and request your free yearly credit report, to ensure that there are no items on it that you aren’t aware of, or negative reportings that have been placed there by no fault of your one. The importance of good credit should never be underestimated, as an excellent credit score will have a significant bearing upon your financial future.
