May 4th, 2010  by admin  | Comments Off | Filed in Free Government Credit Score
Check                      the Situation That Best Applies to You...
And                      Then Click the Button Below to See Your Credit Scores Free
I want my free credit scores
I want to apply for a credit card
I want to protect my identity
Just curious
(Click                      the button above to see your credit scores for free)
You’ve no doubt heard that you are able to get a free of charge government credit report but what about a free government credit score? You hear how much your credit score affects your financial life – you may be refused a job or job promotion because of a low credit rating. You are forced to pay increased house and car insurance rates because of a low score. You can also pay higher interest rates for all your loans and credit cards due to a low rating. The costs of having a bad credit score are many.
So in this site you will understand what you can and can’t get free from your government’s credit service and how you can reduce what you spend for your insurance and interest rates.
Whenever you go to annualcreditreport.com (this is the government’s credit service) you will be able to obtain free of charge copies of one’s credit report from the 3 major credit reporting agencies – Experian, Equifax, and Transunion. Within the process of obtaining your free of charge credit records, you’ll be given the option to buy a discounted copy of your credit scores. No mention of how to get them free.
Click Here To Get A Free Credit Score
When you go to annualcreditscore.com you will discover an undeveloped site that doesn’t contain the government’s program for free of charge credit scores. That is because the federal government does not supply free of charge credit scores. They only give you instant access for your credit reports and you have to pay for your scores should you want them from the annualcreditreport.com site.
“The federal government does not provide free credit scores“
But there are methods for you to take a look at your credit score free of charge. This website enables you to obtain immediate access to your credit report and score totally free.
But there is a small catch you need to be aware of. It’s not truly a catch. Credit scores and reports cost money. Somebody has to pay for those items.
One can expect to have to pay about $8 for every credit score you want. That’s $24 if you want to see all of your credit scores from Equifax, Experian, and Transunion. Why spend $24 for your 3 credit scores when you are able to get them for free?
When you get your score and report, you will be starting a free of charge trial to a credit monitoring service. This will monitor your report and alert you to errors and possible identity theft threats.
Stopping identity theft is a lot better than recovering from identity theft. So it truly is an inexpensive way to protect your credit report and score and ID.
If you do not want to accept this “free offer” you can cancel before the free trial period is over and you will not be charged anything at all. That is all there’s to it.
So you can combine this free of charge credit score with the free of charge federal government credit report and get a complete picture of your monetary wellness.
Why are credit reports free of charge but credit scores are not?
This goes back to the “needs” vs “wants” debate. You need your credit record to find out how you’re performing financially. You can get a rough understanding of your credit score based on the information in your credit history record. You are able to check on the factors which go into your credit score – payment history, how maxed out your credit cards are, how old your records are, how many applications you’ve made for credit, and your mix of credit types – all on your credit record.
Your credit score simply makes it simpler to view all this info in less than a second. You do not need to comb through 20 to 30 pages of the credit record which may take a few hours. You want an immediate snapshot of your financial well being and that’s what a free credit score offers.
