660 to 689
LIBOR + 6.45%
Notice how the interest rate increases by 0.45% when the FICO score drops below 770, but then jumps by an additional 1.2% when the FICO score drops below 740 and by an additional 2.5% when the FICO score drops below 690.
Borrowers with lower FICO scores will also be subjected to lower loan limits. The proceeds may also be restricted to being spent on school charges. Lenders do this to limit their risk.
If you have a bad credit score, a cosigner with a good credit score can make you eligible for a private student loan. Even if you have a good credit score, a cosigner with a better credit score can potentially reduce the interest rate and fees you'll have to pay on the loan. This is because most lenders use the better of the two credit scores to determine eligibility and the cost of credit.
Another method of getting a better interest rate is to agree to make payments on the loan while you are in school. Many lenders give better rates for borrowers to begin repayment immediately or make interest-only payments during the in-school period.
If you are denied a private student loan, ask the lender about their appeals process. Sometimes they will make an exception if an unusual circumstance lead to the denial, especially if the negative event is not likely to occur again. Appeals will also be accepted if the denial was the result of inaccurate information on your credit report that was subsequently corrected.
The bottom line is that having a bad credit score can significantly affect your ability to borrow from private student loan programs and the cost of that debt. Abusing credit cards while you are in school, for example, can affect the interest rates and fees charged on your next private student loan. Maintaining a good credit score, on the other hand, can save you thousands of dollars in interest on your private student loans.
How do Loan Applications affect Credit Scores?
Every loan application or "inquiry" has the potential to reduce your credit score. According to Fair Isaacs , the company that produces the FICO score used by most education lenders, one "inquiry" will generally result in a 5 point reduction in the FICO score. However, since people with six or more inquiries are eight times more likely to declare bankruptcy than people with no inquiries, it is best to keep the number of inquiries small. Also, if your credit history is short or involves very few accounts, an inquiry is likely to have a bigger impact.
On the other hand, the credit reporting agencies do account for "shopping around" behavior for auto loans and mortgages, but not for education loans. When you apply for a mortgage or auto loan, they ignore any current inquiries within the 30 day period prior to scoring and treat any past inquiries within a short period of time (e.g., 14 or 45 days, depending on the version of the FICO score) as a single inquiry. This compensates for the impact of shopping around. They do not say whether applying for different types of loans (e.g., credit card, mortgage, student loan) counts as separate inquiries even if they are within the shopping around window, but that is likely the case. So the best advice is to apply for all your mortgages and auto loans within a short time period (e.g., a week or two) and to not apply for too many loans.
Warning: Fair Isaacs says that while they conflate inquiries for auto loans and mortgages, they do not yet have enough historical credit data to do this for private student loans. This is partly because private student loans are relatively new and partly because lenders have not been distinguishing private student loans from other forms of unsecured credit. In the mid-1990s, total private student loan volume was about $1 billion, and few borrowers applied for more than one loan. So you still need to limit the total number of private student loan applications and to apply for the loans in a short time span. More than five inquiries is likely to reduce your credit score enough to have an impact on the interest rates and fees for subsequent applications. More than eight inquiries will definitely have an impact on the interest rates and fees.  FinAid recommends limiting your private loan applications to one bank, one non-bank specialty lender and the nonprofit state loan agencies in your home state and the state where your college is located.
Credit Reporting Agencies & Marketing Mail
All Title IV lenders report your education loans to the major credit reporting agencies, including Equifax, Experian and TransUnion.  A good payment history on your student loans will help you qualify for other forms of credit, such as mortgages. However, the credit reporting agencies will sell your contact information to other education lenders that wish to consolidate your loans. If you do not wish to be inundated with consolidation loan marketing materials, you should opt out by visiting OptOutPrescreen.com . You will be able to opt out for five years via an online process. (To opt out permanently, you will have to submit a form by USPS mail. The form is available on the web site.)
Free Credit Reports
You are entitled to a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting agencies once a year. You can obtain these free credit reports from www.annualcreditreport.com . Call 1-877-FACT-ACT (1-877-322-8228) for more information.
Beware of sites with similar names that may charge you a fee for your credit reports or additional services.
FinAid recommends spacing out the free credit reports throughout the year, getting a report from just one of the credit reporting agencies each time, so that you're getting one report every four months.
You should check your credit report at least once a year, especially before any major credit applications such as obtaining a mortgage, auto loan or student loan.
The free credit reports do not necessarily include your credit score.
If you want to buy a copy of your credit reports, including your credit score, you can get it from each credit reporting agency directly. The major credit reporting agencies are:
