Credit Score Range
There are many people who know their credit scores but don’t know that how much credit score is a get score or, when to get worried about their credit score.
Just like all other scoring models, credit scores have a range. Although no one seems to know exactly what the range is, it’s roughly somewhere between 300 to 850. Some say that the credit scores go up to 900.
Lets take a look at the different credit score ranges and their meanings.
800-850+ Credit Score
Although a 900 credit score fairly uncommon, it is thought to be perfect. Scores of 800-850 are fairly common. Some consumers may have a score of 800 the minute their credit profile is established, but without supporting credit history, the score will mean very little to banks and lenders.
Alternatively, a credit score ranging from 800-900, accompanied with years of solid history indicates that the borrower may be granted the lowest interest rates on all types of loans. Almost 13% of the population lies in this category.
720-799 Credit Score
A credit score of 720-799 can be considered a great score, and will be able to get you lower interest rates.
The only difference between the 800-850+ range and this range is that there may be a few less pricing incentives and a more thorough credit check in this range.
But overall, this range can be considered excellent and there is no need to worry if you scores fall in this category. Around 27% of the population lies in this category.
680-719 Credit Score
This can be considered a good credit. It may not be perfect, but you would still be able to qualify for most of the loans, although the interest rates may be a little higher as compared to those offered to borrowers with excellent credit.
You may have to face some situations where this credit score may will prevent you from getting certain types of financing, such as an A-paper mortgage loan or the lowest auto insurance premium, but don’t worry, it certainly isn’t bad credit.
620-679 Credit Score
Many creditors still consider credit scores lying in this range as “good” or “ok”, but you may have to bear restrictions and fewer approvals when attempting to get a loan, lease, or a mortgage.
This range of scores is fairly common, but don’t cause any alarm. But it would be better if you work hard to improve it. You may not be able to secure the lowest interest rates, and subsequently will lose more money as a result.
580-619 Credit Score
This can be considered the borderline where the “ok” and “good” turns to “bad”. Credit scores lying in this range are clearly below average, and you may have difficulties getting a loan, or applying for a credit card.
You’ll have to face higher interest rates for low credit scores. If your credit score falls in this range, you definitely need to evaluate your credit report and take measures to raise your credit score.
Most of the consumers having this credit score are considered “subprime” and may have to work with bad credit banks and lenders to secure financing.
500-579 Credit Score
This range of credit scores is plain ugly. If you have this credit score, there’s a good chance that you have a major bad mark on your credit report such as a collection, charge-off, mortgage lates, a foreclosure, or a bankruptcy. Your credit definitely needs serious credit repair.
You must assess your credit and act immediately to turn things around. You will definitely be paying higher interest rates, which will take a lot of your money and you need to work hard to get out of this condition.
Below 500 Credit Score
This can be the worst situation possible. If you fall into this range, your credit report will definitely contain major derogatory marks, with very little positive data whatsoever.
It is better to speak with a professional about your situation as soon as possible. You’ve got serious financial problems if your credit score is in this range. Get some help and start working on your credit immediately to get out of this situation.
So now you should have a clear idea as to where you stand right now and how much work you have to do to improve things, repair things, see a professional, or simply maintain your healthy financial lifestyle.
Related Articles
How Should I Start Building Credit If I am New to US?
It is not wrong to say that you have to wait and show patience to get a ripe fruit. Same is the case with building credit history. Move slowly, get a SSN first, then a US address, get credit and pay your bills on time every month....
Top 5 Credit Cards,Misconceptions
Your credit card is more than just a convenient way to make purchases and manage your expenses. By understanding how your credit card behavior affects your credit score, you can take steps to use your card wisely and build your score.  ...
Your Credit Score Matter’s for a Student Loan
Credit history is very important for acquiring a student loan. However, you can get a student loan if your parents or guardians have good credit history and they become cosigner with you. The Federal Govt. also gives students loan at fixed and little inte...
Loan For Starting A Small business
It is quite helpful if you do a small business a part from your job. But for staring it, a lot of money is required. This financial need can easily be fulfilled by the small business loans. For this, the online financial companies are the best solution.  ...
