We Answer Your Questions About Your Personal Credit Score
Credit Score Scale Guide and Reports
Credit Score Scale Explained: Here we provide an easy to understand overview of the credit score scale and what it means to you!
Credit Score Scale Explained
In the United States, everyone is entitled to a free copy of their credit reports from the three major credit bureaus at least once a year for free so understanding the credit score scale can be very beneficial. The credit score scale is also displayed as a credit score chart which makes it much simpler to understand.  Some states, such as Massachusetts, allow residents to check their report as often as they want for free.
Credit Score Scale:  Obtaining Your Credit Report
After entering the required information, you theoretically should be able to access copies of your report from Transunion, Equifax, and Experian. During this process, some of the bureaus try to get you to accidentally sign up for a credit monitoring service so that you can manage yourself to a good credit score over time, so read each page carefully. Also, if you decide not to use the paid service, the Transunion site often has problems and will tell you to call a 1-800 number. You may also need to call the 1-800 number if you cannot remember any of the answers to the security questions, or if you have previously applied a fraud alert to your identity.  Note, these companies provide your credit report only and not detailed credit score scale information.  They do not offer you your credit score and they do not offer a credit score scale, credit score range references, credit score scale information, etc…
Credit Score Scale:  Protecting Your Information
Make sure you do not accidentally sign up for the credit monitoring service over the phone, unless you intend to! I do not recommend it, though. When you call the number, and give them your info, Transunion will send you a printed copy of your report. In addition, Experian will also mail you a print copy of your report without asking you if you want this (yet no detailed credit score scale information, go figure), so you may want to make sure to click the “mask social security” box at the beginning of the process.
Credit Score Scale:  Receiving Your Reports
To get your credit score, you can let the bureaus’ sites sign you up for the credit monitoring service, which will give you access to your credit score. However, the monitoring services will charge your credit card automatically, usually around $9.95 a month. These companies are aware that people will sign up for the monitoring service, just to get their score and immediately cancel, and so usually there is a waiting period between the time you open the account and are allowed to close it. They hope that this will cause you to forget to cancel it, so that they can charge you.
I do not recommend trying to get your score this way, these companies can be really sneaky. You can also try to buy some real estate, the bank will check your credit score in order to approve your loan application, and it is possible that they will tell you. Car dealerships may or may not tell you. Carmax, for example, will not tell you your score, and the agents claim that they have no access to it.
You cannot determine your own credit score from the information on your credit report or by using the credit score scale, since the formulas used are a FICO secret, but there is a calculator available to estimate your score and to cross reference with a credit score scale :  It will help give you an idea of your score in a few minutes for free.  I hope this helps in your quest for more information on the credit score scale. Look for more details to come about specific credit score scale information and how you can use that credit score scale information to repair your debt and raise your credit score!
Credit Score, credit score scale, credit score scale guide
Latest News & Articles
Improving Credit Rating : It seems as if we cannot buy much if we do not have somewhat of a good credit rating. It [...]
FICO Score Range : FICO score range is not easy to understand. We break down for you in bite size chunks. Find out what [...]
Credit Score Ranges Overview : Credit score ranges are not always straight forward. We break down the credit score ranges in simple terms noting what [...]
Three Common Credit Card Credit Score Myths : Understanding your credit score is essential to surviving in today’s economy. Not only does it impact your ability to buy [...]
The Credit Score Bankruptcy Truth : What is a credit score, really? In this country we have made it our gateway for destruction. Think about it. [...]
Categories
