 
 
*IMPORTANT NOTICE - Please keep in mind that in no way can Credit Umbrella Inc. guarantee or promise any outcome, as results will vary. Credit Umbrella has no affiliation with the credit bureaus. Credit Umbrella is not a Credit Repair Organization and does not provide credit repair services or financial or legal advice.  CreditUmbrella™ does not claim to “repair” your credit. CreditUmbrella’s Credit Dispute Manager's intended use is to help you automate the time-consuming process of disputing and correcting inaccuracies in your credit reports, communicating with credit bureaus, original creditors, collection agencies, chexsystems, telecheck, and obtaining your credit reports, and provide you with educational materials. You may use the Software to challenge credit items identified as inaccurate, misleading, or unverifiable, but no consumer has the right to have accurate, current, and verifiable information removed from their Credit Report. Further, you must make sure that you do not send any dispute letter or form, which contains any untrue statement of fact about your situation.  This product provides certain information about the law. But legal information is not the same as legal advice -- the application of law to an individual's specific circumstances. We recommend you consult a lawyer if you want legal advice applicable to your situation or how the Software and this information may apply to you 
©2010 Credit Umbrella Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable law.  NOTICE: Your use of this product is subject to the license agreement included with the media. Terms, conditions, features, availability, pricing fees, service and support options subject to change at any time without notice.  Credit Umbrella™, Credit Dispute Manager™, AddressDetect™, MyCreditUmbrella™, Dispute Manager™, Credit Report Dashboard™, If You Can Click It...You Can Fix It! ™ and the CreditUmbrella logo are all trademarks of Credit Umbrella Inc.  Other trademarks or service marks which you may encounter are the property of third parties.
