Credit Score - 14 Steps to a          high credit score
Follow These 14 Free Steps to a Credit Score of 800 or More
News Flash! - Three Major Credit Bureaus Adopt New Credit Scoring System
 
Do you want          the best terms for the financing of your new car          purchase? re you tired of being          turned down because you are a credit risk? Are          you a first time home buyer that wants the absolute best interest rate on your mortgage? If you answered yes to          any of these questions, then you need to raise          your credit score into the excellent          range of 750 or higher.
Developed by Fair Isaac Corporation, a          publicly traded company, credit score is          represented by a number between 300 and 850. The          median American average credit score is 725.          Credit scores of 600 and below represent "poor" credit. 720 and above is considered to be a good          credit score. Credit scores in excess of 750 are          considered to be excellent. This credit scoring          system will soon be outdated as the 3 major          credit bureaus have recently introduced a new          system called VantageScore. Click on the new          flash above for more info.
While Fair Isaac Inc. will not reveal the          exact algorithm used to calculate a credit          score, Fair Isaac has provided some details used          in determining credit scores. The makeup and          weighting of each component in a credit score is          as follows: punctuality of previous payment          history - 35%, the ratio of current debt to          current available credit - 30%, length of credit          accounts and credit history - 15%, types of          credit accounts used - 10%, recent requests of          credit history and recently obtained credit -          10%.
Recently, credit scores are being used in          ways above and beyond the traditional lending          decision. In the fall of 2004, a Texas utility          company began using credit scores to          individually set prices for electricity. Some          insurance companies are now using credit scores          to rate the quality of potential customers. Many          employers are now also using credit scores as          part of their decision-making process in hiring          new applicants. We see these trends as          continuing and expanding, making a high credit          score even more essential with each passing          year. It is probable that a good credit score          will be required in order to get down payment assistance . Now is the time to start taking steps to          get your credit score into the excellent range.
If you are looking to increase your credit          score to 800 or more, you have come to the right          place. Follow and complete these 14 steps          religiously and you will improve your credit          score to 800 or more. Changes take time. Don't          expect to go from a 600 credit score to a  750          credit score in one month. If you have a credit          history of regularly making late payments on          multiple accounts, one payment on time isn't          going to overcome all the previous negative          impacts. However, the more you follow these          steps, the more your credit score will rise over          time.
Here are your 14 steps to a          credit score of 800 or more. Remember to          bookmark this page so you can refer back to it          often to check your progress as well as use all          the helpful resources on our various resource          pages. For the most recent credit score          information and advice, join our free newsletter .
 
1. Pay your bills on time.
The largest component of your credit score is your payment      history. As such, the most important step in getting and keeping
a high credit score is to pay your bills on time. If you have a      low credit score because of late payments in the past, you can
immediately start to raise your credit score by making your loan      payments on time. To get and keep a high credit score, you
must      follow this rule religiously. If you currently have blemishes on      your credit report from previous late payments, it is
possible      and advisable to negotiate with the lender or collector to      remove the late payments from your credit report. The
smaller      and more local the lender is, the more likely you will be to      succeed in your negotiations. This is the most
effective way to      raise your credit score significantly in a short period of time.      Collection agencies are usually paid on
commission and will      aggressively try every avenue to collect a debt, and thus get      paid for their work. To improve
your credit score be sure to get      your agreement in writing. You can be verbally promised anything      by a collection
agent, but trying to get him to enforce a verbal      promise after you have paid will likely be next to impossible.
Negotiation is an art, not a science. There      are no exact rules to follow that guarantee success. However,      there are some
things you can do  that are more likely to      bring success and that higher credit score that you are seeking.      First, be
courteous and polite. Collectors work in a tension      filled environment and constantly deal in conflict. Be extra      kind and
polite and appeal to their human decency. They may look      favorable on you and remove items without need for
negotiation.      Businesses also will be likely to remove negative elements from      your credit report if it is their best interest.
The more      significant your account , the more they have to lose, and the      more likely they are to respond favorably.
When negotiating to      remove derogatory information off your credit report, ask what      it will take and what can be
done. Often times the lender will      offer a solution that hasn't occurred to you. Think outside the      box in this process
and your credit score will reap the rewards.      If you are not successful at removing the negative items, you      may want to
The lawyers at Lexington Law
specialize in doing just that.
2. Learn to spend less than you can       afford.
Amounts you owe is the second largest component used in       determining your credit score. If you consistently spend all       that
you can afford, your amounts owed will be higher, your       credit ratio of debt vs. available credit will suffer, and       your credit
score will be lowered. To get and keep a very       high credit score, you must learn to not only spend within       your means, but
spend even less. Overall, not only will you       raise your credit score by doing this, but you will have       extra income available to
save and invest for your future.
3. Have the credit reporting       agencies remove incorrect information.
Obviously, if there is incorrect information in your credit       report that is to your advantage, don't ask the credit       reporting
agency to remove it. However, very rarely is       incorrect information beneficial to you. Periodically check       your credit report
to verify accuracy of content. If there       is incorrect information
that negatively affects your credit       score, contact the credit reporting agency and have it       removed.
4. Don't apply for credit too       often.
Multiple credit inquiries in a short period of time will       lower your credit score, as will new credit. Remember this       point
when you are out shopping and the department store       clerk offers a $5.00 discount for applying for a new store       credit card.
The discount seems tempting, and you may want       the new card, but don't do this too often as it will lower       your credit score.
Try to keep your new credit inquiries to       3 to 4 times per year. This will help boost your credit       score. Remember: a higher
credit score will result in       reduced costs to refinance your mortgage.
5. Keep your credit card balances       low.
Keeping all of your credit card balances below the 50%       threshold of available credit will raise your credit score.       Keeping
all of those balances below the 25% threshold will       improve your credit score even more. If you have an upcoming       large
loan request, financing a new home purchase for       instance, please see the next step for a quick solution to       this problem.
You should take action at least 60 days in       advance of the loan request to allow time for the       information to get reported.
Don't try to improve your       credit score 3 or 4 days before you apply for a big loan.       Take action early.
6. Ask for an increase in your       credit lines.
One of the determining factors used to compute your credit score is the ratio of outstanding credit to available       credit.
The lower this ratio is, the more it will help to       raise your credit score. For this reason, you should ask the       providers
of your current credit cards to raise your credit       limit on each card. Be careful, however, to only ask those       companies that
will grant your request without running a new       credit report on you. Many credit card companies will       automatically grant a
request to raise your credit limit       every 6 months provided there were no late payments in the       preceding 6 month period.
Remember, though, frequent credit       inquiries will lower your credit score, so ask first if a       request for a higher credit limit will
require a new credit       check.
7. Transfer balances if necessary.
It is quite normal for many people to carry a high credit       card balance on a low- or no-interest credit card, and       simultaneously
have a very low or no balance on their high       interest credit cards. While this makes perfect sense from a       financial standpoint,
from a credit score standpoint it       doesn't. Let's say you have 4 credit cards, each with a       $10,000 limit. Three of those cards
have a zero balance, and       the fourth has an $8,000.00 balance. This will lower your       credit score because one of the cards
is at an 80%       outstanding credit to available credit ratio. To get a       higher credit score, you should transfer the balance
evenly       among all 4 cards, resulting in a 20% ratio on each card.       This one simple step will give you a higher credit score.
8. Establish long-term accounts.
Roughly 10% of the factors that are used to determine your       credit score relate to the length of time you've had your
accounts. It is quite common for people to hop from credit       card company to credit card company constantly seeking to
take advantage of a low introductory interest rate. Again,       this makes sense from a financial point of view, but it can
lead to a lower credit score. You will be awarded a higher       credit score if your accounts have been open and active
for       a longer period of time. Multiple new accounts lower your       score, whereas a stable number of credit accounts that
have       been used for years upon years will significantly raise your       credit score.
9. Pay more than the minimum payments.
The credit score formula was designed to measure the       likelihood of a borrower to pay back a loan. If you are       simply
making the minimum payments on your credit accounts,       how likely is it that you have the financial capacity to
increase your debt load with a new loan? Alternatively, if       you are making more than the minimum payments, isn't
that de       facto evidence that there are extra funds in your budget?       One of the surest signs that a borrower has
reached the       limit of his debt load capacity is a pattern of merely       paying the absolute minimum due. Double up on your
payments       to raise your credit score.
10. Don't have any credit cards maxed out.
One item that has significant negative consequences on your       credit score is using all of your available credit. If you
want a high credit score, you simply must not use all of the       available credit on any of your credit cards. Even worse
than reaching your credit limit on any card is actually       going over your limit. Not only will you likely incur       overlimit
fees, you will really lower your credit score.       Keep those balances low for a high credit score.
11. Have an emergency fund.
If you establish a sizeable emergency fund, this will not       directly raise or lower your credit score. However, the       purpose
of these 14 steps is to help you get and maintain       indefinitely a high credit score. Without an emergency fund,       your
credit score could severely suffer in the event of a       financial emergency such as an accident or extended illness.       If you
have an emergency fund to draw on in time of need,       this will eliminate the temptation or necessity of having to       tap
the available credit lines on your credit cards. An       emergency fund is really an umbrella of safety to protect       your high
credit score.
12. Have a balanced mix of       different credit types.
While this step is not going to be responsible for huge       increases in your credit score, it will help improve it       nonetheless.
If you have 10 credit accounts on your credit       report, it is better to have several different types of       credit such as a
home mortgage, an auto loan, and a few       department store cards and a VISA and MasterCard. You would       score
higher with this balanced mix of credit types than if       all 10 accounts were credit accounts at various department
stores. Having  several consumer finance company credit       accounts will negatively effect your credit score.
13. Don't close unused accounts.
One of the determining factors that effects your credit       score is the length of time you've had each account. While
you might not want to continue to pay an annual fee on a       credit card that you opened when you were in college,
the       annual fee might be worth the resulting benefits to your       credit score from having a credit account that is
over a       decade old. The older an account is, the more it will boost       your credit score (provided, of course, that the
account has       a good payment history).
14. Borrow great credit from a relative.
You may be wondering how it is possible to borrow credit       from another person. This is easy to do and is especially
useful to young adults who have yet to establish credit       (although anyone can benefit from this technique regardless
of age). If you have a relative or close friend with       excellent credit history, have them add you to one of their       credit
card accounts. Ideally, they should add you to an       account that they have used for years, has a high credit       limit, low
or no balance, and has a perfect payment history       with not one late payment. When you are added on this       account,
the payment history of this account is also       recorded on your credit report because you share the       account. Presto!
You now have a great credit reference on       your account. This is perfectly legal and can be used to       immediately raise
