640-659                                5.403%            $1,404                                   $255,546
620-639                                5.949%              $1,491                                    $286,648
As you can see, you can save almost $90,000 over the course of 30 years having a credit score range between 760-850 as oppose to a credit score range of 620-639.  That is a saving of almost $3,000 a year!  Imagine what you can do with that $3000 a year.
If you want to plug in your own credit score to see the savings, there are numerous calculators out there, such as the one from MyFico.
As stated the above, the FICO score range is between 300 to 850.  However, there has not been a reported case of anyone having a FICO credit score of 300 nor anyone having a perfect credit score of 850.
The FICO score range may seem large, but your goal should be to get your credit score beyond 720.  You will get the close to the best rate if your credit score is above a 720 and the absolute best rate if you have anything above the 750.
What To Do If You Have A Bad FICO Score
As you can see, FICO scores are extremely important to your finances.  If you do not have a good FICO score, you are putting yourself in a very precarious financial situation.  You will not be able to take out loans for a car or a home.  So I hope you can see how important it is to maintain a good FICO score or improve your FICO score if it is subpar.
If you have a crappy FICO credit score, I highly suggest you start writing credit dispute letters to immediately raise your credit score.  If you have money lying around and you have a huge amount of credit card debt, I also suggest that you pay it off right away.  Writing dispute letters and paying off a huge chunk of your debt are the two most important things you can do to immediately raise your credit score.  If you do those two things, you will see a dramatic boost in your credit score within 10-60 days.  If you do not have money lying around to pay off a large portion of your debt and you should consider consolidating your debt into an installment loan.  But only do that if the payments of the installment loans will be cheaper (in the long run)  than paying on your credit cards.  If you can’t consolidate your debt usnig installment loans, you should consider borrowing from family because it will save you tons of money.  Family is usually the best option as they often do not charge you interest for borrowing—and if they do charge interest, it is usually (a lot) cheaper than what banks will charge you.
To get all your three credit scores (Equifax, Experian, and Transunion) there are plenty of sites in which you can sign up and get a free score.  One reputable site that you can go to
Provinity.com .   They also offer identity theft protection along with a free credit score and report.  Go to their site to get your free credit score along with a free trial of identity theft and credit protection.  If within the free trial you decide that it is not for you, you can cancel and they won’t charge you a penny.
Related Posts:
