VantageScore
501 - 990 (A - F)
Update: FICO has updated its credit scoring model, named FICO 08 2 to better gauge (than the classic FICO) the likelihood that consumers will repay their credit bills; while still retaining the same numerical range (300 to 850). However, FICO 08 is only available to lenders and is not available yet for consumer purchase.
Despite the varying ranges of scores, there is actually no “best” or most reliable score to choose from. Credit reporting agencies will often tout their score as being the only reliable and most predictive score. The final output number of each agency may differ, but these agencies generally adhere to the same guidelines for calculating their scores. This essentially produces different types of scores that mean the same thing.
To sum the whole thing up, consumers need to focus only on the greater implications of their credit score and not the exact score itself. Paying dues on time and limiting debt to reasonable levels will help make a person’s varying credit scores more attractive in the eyes of lenders.
References
FICO is used in more than 75% of mortgage lending decisions and by 90% of the largest U.S. lenders. [ ↩ ]
Do Employers Need Your Credit Report?
If your employer or a prospective employer demands a credit report from you, then you need to think twice before handing it over. Gov. Jerry Brown signed into law AB 22, wherein employers are prohibited from demanding “credit report” for employment purposes unless the job entails: Managerial work Swearing as a law enforcement officer Access [...]
Credit Card Rates Peak as Other Rates Hit All-Time Lows
CreditCard.com’s first survey of the year shows us that the average APR for credit cards has reached 15.4%, significantly higher than the 14.71% noted for the first week of 2011. Now compare that to other forms of loans: 3.91% for 30-year fixed rate mortgages, 3.23% for 15-year fixed mortgages and 5.27% for a 48-month car [...]
Tips for Getting a New Credit Card in 2012
The holiday seasons are over and a lot of people are saddled with debt after the Christmas and New Year seasons. A fresh new credit card, however, can open up new funds for you while giving you a shot at getting a better utilization ratio at the same time. Here are a couple of tips [...]
Finance Guru Suze Orman Launches Prepaid Debit Card
Celebrities like plastering their botoxed mugs all over a variety of products, but Suze Orman’s “The Approved Card” is a pretty interesting choice for those that want to start controlling their finances. What makes Orman’s “Approved Card” different from other prepaid debit cards is the relatively low fees involved. Those that get the card will [...]
The Ups and Downs of More Invasive Credit Reports
CoreScore is a credit report provider that includes a whole host of consumer info, from rental applications to pay day loans to even payments to local electric companies. This can be good or bad depending on your situation. So let’s break it down: The good: if you’ve been diligently paying your dues, then you have [...]
Banks Cautiously Opening Credit Up for Subprime Borrowers
The economy is far from perfect right now, but it has improved to the level where banks and credit companies are beginning to lend some money to people who are classified as risky borrowers. Yep, subprime borrowing is back in fashion. Subprime borrowing basically involves opening up lines of credit to people with low credit [...]
Report: More People Will Use Credit Cards to Pay for Bills and Living Expenses
Credit card interest rates are killers, averaging anywhere between 14.5% and 17% a year. Accrue enough debt and you can see how easy it is for some people to slip into an uncontrollable spiral of debt. The Post Office Consumer Credit says that around 12 million people will use their credit cards for essential purchases [...]
The Pros and Cons of Using Phone Apps for Credit Monitoring
The problem with credit scores is that they are troublesome to monitor in the long run. Even spending the time and effort of checking credit online is a luxury that some people cannot afford, especially when they are constantly on the go and need to pull out their credit history while out on the road. [...]
To Open or Not to Open: That is the Credit Question
It isn’t uncommon for credit card companies to recommend you to open new lines of credit in order to increase your credit score. This will indeed give you more opportunities to raise your score, but then you have to deal with a hit to your credit ratings that comes from the mere fact that you [...]
Facebook and Your Credit Score: How Banks are Making the Connection
Your financial habits and the habits of your friends on Facebook could soon determine the state of your credit score, if the efforts of several online banks manage to enter the mainstream. The first issue that pops to mind is discrimination. Banks should only have access to your financial records to determine your creditworthiness. Snooping [...]
