Credit Scores
What is a Credit Score?
A credit score is a number that represents your calculated measure of credit risk. Your credit score is the result of a complex mathematical formula that takes into account numerous factors in your credit history. Put simply, your credit report is scored against millions of other people's credit reports, generating your consumer credit score. Your credit score is very important because it can determine your financial future. More specifically, your credit rating can affect whether or not you can get... Learn more about what is a credit score ?
Average Credit Scores by State
Now more than ever, U.S. consumers are acquiring more credit and checking credit online. Because of the increasing number of auto loans, mortgages and credit card balances, the U.S. would seem to have a low national average credit score. But, it's actually in the neighborhood of 680, which isn't exactly poor. Credit experts feel that having debt isn't necessarily bad - it's all in how your credit is managed, as to how your credit score will be affected.. Learn more about average credit scores by state .
How to Improve Your Credit Score
Your credit score is extremely important these days. Like your social security number, your credit score follows you wherever you go, whether it's to get a mortgage, apply for a car loan, or even to get a job. So naturally, if you know how to check your credit and if you're armed with tips on how to improve your credit score, you will be in better shape than someone who isn't... Learn more about how to improve your credit score .
What affects my credit score?
A credit score is very much like a score you would get on a test - you get points for everything positive and points taken away for everything negative. Your credit score can range from 300 to 900 points, and like a test score, the higher your credit rating, the better. There are a number of factors that can affect your credit score positively or negatively... Learn more about what affects my credit score ?
How do I get my credit score?
There are a number of ways you can obtain a copy of your personal credit report. One option is for you to go directly to one of the three main credit report agencies - Equifax credit bureau, Experian credit bureau, or TransUnion credit bureau. But keep in mind that since these credit report agencies often obtain different information, getting a single bureau credit report from one of these credit bureau companies will only provide you with a piece of your credit report information, and these credit reports will cost you money... Learn more about how do I get my credit score ?
How many credit scores do I have?
Each credit bureau creates a unique credit score based on the information contained in each of your credit reports. Although they are usually similar, in some cases the scores can vary by as much as 100 points from bureau to bureau. Many lenders will use the middle score when considering whether to extend credit, but that makes it even more important that you be aware of all of your scores and take steps to improve them before applying for additional credit.
Are you monitoring your credit?
