17.183%
$894
According to Fair Isaac, the ranges for auto loans and FICO scores is even wider. If you have a 720 or higher, you can expect to pay the lowest rates. Again, it’s a gross simplification but I think you get the idea.
How is Your Credit Score Calculated?
Your credit score is based on a variety of factors but it comes down to five basic areas to focus on when you want to get a good credit score:
Payment history: 35% of your score is based on your payment history, that is your history of on-time payments (and any misses, defaults, past due items, etc.)
Amounts owed: 30% is based on the amounts you owe, what types of accounts you owe them on, credit utilization , and other debt related items.
Length of credit history: 15% is based on the length of your credit history, how long you’ve had certain types of accounts and time since activity.
New credit: 10% is based on the amount of new credit items on your account – recently opened accounts, recent hard inquiries, time since most recent open, and time since recent inquiries.
Types of credit used: Finally, the last 10% is based on the number and types of accounts you have – revolving, installment, retail, etc.
As you can see, the most important factors involve your payment history and the amounts you owe. If you’re going to focus on something, those are the two to focus on.
If you aren’t getting a loan in the next year, knowing your score is useful but not immediately valuable. If it’s low, as in outside the first three tiers, then I’d work to try to improve it. If you are getting a loan, knowing your score is crucial because you want to know if you’re a few points shy of the next tier. If you’re close, you want to work to get yourself into the next tier so you can pay a lower interest rate.
(Photo: thetruthabout )
Like this article? Get all the latest articles sent to your email for free every day. Enter your email address and click "Subscribe." Your email will only be used for this daily subscription and you can unsubscribe anytime.
113 Responses to “What Is A Good Credit Score?”
