560 – 619
Poor Credit
While a little competition is a good thing for the consumers, the most widely used scoring platform is still the classic FICO. Whether it will arise further confusion or otherwise, Vantage Score will likely coexist alongside the FICO Score for many years to come. See more comparison between Vantage vs FICO Score .
That said, if your credit score based on FICO scoring model is somewhere around 700, you simply have nothing to worry about because it is generally assumed that a decent credit score ranges from 660 to 700 – given the fact that the current median score in the U.S is 723. 1
Otherwise, it always pays to improve your score and move up the rank within the scale before applying for a loan. Remember, any financial decision you make today may affect your credit tomorrow.
References:
Credit Score Myths You’ll Need to Know
Credit scores are calculated using mathematical equations the average American cannot understand. Heck, the way these equations are formulated is designed to be hopelessly incomprehensible to normal folk like you and me. So you can see just how easy it is for people to come up with a lot of misconceptions about the whole thing. [...]
Credit Report: Why It Matters More Than Your Credit Score
Each one of us has credit history profile data kept by each of the three major credit reporting bureaus which routinely collect and maintain vital information about your borrowing behavior, and use it to compile your credit report. This report is essentially the blueprint of your credit history; which is why your credit report is [...]
FICO Score Chart
A lot of people are interchanging the term FICA score with FICO Score.  Many people misspell and mix up FICA and FICO. But there’s a big difference between the two.  Let me show you. Firstly, there is no such term as a FICA score. Although FICA does exist, it is the abbreviation for Federal Insurance [...]
Free Credit Score for Anyone Denied Credit Starting July 21
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) have implemented new rules for consumer credit, wherein said consumers will receive a free credit score should the bank use it as a basis for various credit-related decisions. The FTC and RTC believe that consumers must have a fair explanation as to why their [...]
How to Raise Your FICO Score?
Your credit score can either save you money or cost you money. According to myFICO, a 100 point difference in your FICO score could mean over $25,000 extra in interest payments over the life of a 30 year mortgage on a $300,000 home loan. Thus, if you have a low credit score, it may be [...]
A Summary of Your Rights Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (commonly referred to as the FCRA) is a US federal law which forms the base of consumer credit rights in the United States. Because your credit report contains private information about you, it’s vital that you understand your legal rights as a consumer and aware of all your options. This [...]
How to Improve Your Credit Score by 100+ Points?
Your credit score has a huge impact on your loan application. It is a very important number lenders use to determine whether or not you’ll qualify for new credit, and at what interest rates and terms of credit. Those with the highest scores get the lowest interest rates. Back in the good old days, 620 [...]
Can You Get a Mortgage with a 560 Credit Score?
Qualifying for a mortgage is getting more difficult in today’s recessionary economy. In many cases, a low credit score of 560 will prevent you from qualifying for the mortgage you want. Though the lowest credit score scale required for a mortgage is 620, it doesn’t mean owning your dream home is impossible. Sure you can [...]
Vantage Score vs FICO Score
When it comes to credit score, you could frequently get baffled since lenders and companies providing loans might use its own custom scoring model with a different scale. Many others can relate to such a confusing experience. One might think his credit score is good enough and be surprised when his credit application is rejected [...]
What is a Good Credit Score?
Perhaps the question you’ve always been asking yourself is “What is considered a good credit score?” Well, there is no stipulated pass or fail mark in regard to credit report, but creditors have set 700 to be a good credit score. Thing is, 60% of Americans are capable of achieving this, hence shouldn’t be difficult [...]
Is 700 a Good Credit Score?
The question many people are asking is what is a good credit score and how easy is it to achieve such a score? Considering the fact that 60% of Americans have managed to achieve the score, it makes it very easy for everyone. For you to be eligible for a loan that you will pay [...]
Credit Score Range
