Home > Credit Score Estimator
Credit Score Estimator
Answer the questions below to view your estimated credit                score range. Then just hit Submit and instantly see your results as well as tips on how                to improve your credit score.
Question 1:
How many credit cards do you currently have?
Question 1 Follow Up:
How long ago did you obtain your first credit card?
Question 2:
How long ago did you open your first loan account?
Question 3:
How many credit cards or loans have you applied for in the past 12 months?
Question 4:
How long ago did you open your most recent loan or credit card account?
Question 5:
How many of your loans and/or credit cards currently have a balance?
Question 6:
Besides any mortgages, what are your total balances on all other loans and credit cards combined?
Question 7:
How long ago did you last miss a loan or credit card payment?
Question 7 Follow Up:
What is the maximum number of days you have ever been late on a loan or credit card payment?
Question 8:
How many of your loans and/or credit cards are past due as of today?
Question 8 Follow Up:
What is the total balance on all your accounts which are currently past due?
Question 9:
What percentage of your total credit card limits do your current credit card balances occupy?
Question 10:
If you have ever had a foreclosure, repossession, tax lien, collection or bankruptcy -                     when was the most recent occurence of any of these events?
This free credit score estimator/calculator is intended to be as                     accurate as possible in estimating your potential credit score. However the results                     are only based on the answers you provide, and in no way does this include or predict                     actual information contained within your credit report.
This credit score tool is meant for educational purposes only, and                     is not meant to replace checking your actual credit score. In addition                     this score estimator does not indicate approval or rejection of any                     loans, credit cards etc.
Best Free Credit Score Sites
