3-in-1 Credit Report and All 3 FREE Credit Scores Online!
with enrollment at CreditReport.com
Unlimited Access to your credit score for 30 days.
3-Bureau Credit Monitoring with daily monitoring for signs of ID theft.
Email alerts for important changes to your credit information, such as late payments.
Detailed analysis showing what is affecting your credit score.
Delivered to you online quickly and securely
just for trying TransUnion 3-Bureau Credit Monitoring®
UNLIMITED TransUnion Credit Scores — update every day if you want
24/7 email alerts of critical changes to your credit from ALL 3 credit bureaus
Get your Score PLUS your Grade with an easy-to-use report card-style grade.
Personalized debt analysis and credit trending
Up to $25,000 Identity Theft Insurance
Delivered to you online quickly and securely
©
All Rights Reserved
3-in-1 Credit Report and 3 Free Scores
Credit scores are the three digit numbers that lenders use to decide whether to lend you money and at  what interest rate. Historically, the credit score is a number between 300 and 900.  The rational is  that the higher the score rating the less risk there is to the lender that you will not repay the loan.
FICO is the credit scoring standard and provides credit bureaus (Equifax, TransUnion and Experian) with a credit score formula.  The bureaus use the formula  to generate numbers, which are known as FICO scores.
A credit score or FICO score gives you a look at how your credit rating compares to that of average  U.S. consumer. A credit score is derived from information in your 3-in-1 report and can range from  330 to 830, with a higher score indicating lower credit risk. Using the latest data on U.S. consumer spending habits,  your credit rating will help you learn the factors that drive your score up or down so you can improve your overall  credit rating.
How Your Credit Score or Credit Rating Is Determined:
1. Payment History: Approximately 35% of your credit score or credit rating.
2. Amounts Owed: About 30% of your credit score or credit rating.
3. Length of Credit History: About 15% of your credit score or credit rating.
4. Pattern of Credit Use: About 10% of your credit score or credit rating.
5. Types of Credit in Use: About 10% of your credit score or credit rating.
Credit Score and Credit Rating Guidelines
650 and Above
In general, a credit score or credit rating of 650 or above indicates a very good credit history.  People with these scores will usually find the loan process quick and easy, and will have a good chance to obtain a  loan at a relatively low rate of interest.
620 to 650
Credit scores and a credit rating between 620 and 650 indicate basically good credit. (Average FICO scores  fall into this range.) People with scores in this range have a good chance at a loan at a good rate, but may have to  provide additional documentation and explanations to the lender before the loan is approved.
Below 620
A credit score or credit rating below 620 may prevent a borrower from getting the best interest rates, as they may be  considered a greater credit risk-but it does not mean that mortgage funding cannot be found.
3-Bureau Credit Report
There are 3 separate credit bureaus recording and reporting information about consumers. Now you can see them all  online quickly and securely with your 3 in 1 credit report! Your 3-in-1 credit report combines your information from ALL 3 credit bureaus into 1 easy-to-read report, so you can:
Compare your information at each bureau
Identify & dispute possible inaccuracies on your credit report
Track late payments or judgments
See who has been looking at your credit information
Keep an eye out for identity theft
Have a good understanding of your credit position when you talk to a lender
Whether you are looking to buy a car, refinance your mortgage, or qualify for a new credit card, lenders will  be going to any — or even ALL — of these 3 credit reports to check your credit history.  Know where your credit stands at each credit bureau!  See your 3-in-1 reports INSTANTLY online with your free 3 credit reports!
Get your 3-in-1 Credit Report and All 3 FREE Credit Scores Online Now! See your 3-Bureau Credit Report and 3 FREE Credit Scores Today!
Get more information about your credit scores at FreeCreditScore.org
