Get your FREE Credit Score Online! View your FREE Credit Score!
just for trying TransUnion 3-Bureau Credit Monitoring®
UNLIMITED TransUnion Credit Scores — update every day if you want
24/7 email alerts of critical changes to your credit from ALL 3 credit bureaus
Get your Score PLUS your Grade with an easy-to-use report card-style grade.
Personalized debt analysis and credit trending
Up to $25,000 Identity Theft Insurance
Delivered to you online quickly and securely
©
All Rights Reserved
Triple Credit Score and Triple Credit Report
Credit Scores are the three digit numbers that lenders use to decide whether to lend you money and at what  interest rate. Historically, the credit score is a number between 300 and 900. The rational is that the higher  the score the less risk there is to the lender that you will not repay the loan. Fair, Isaac and Company, the  credit scoring standard, provides credit bureaus (TransUnion, Equifax and Experian)  with a credit score formula. The bureaus use the formula to generate numbers, the most common of which is known  as a FICO score.
Free Credit Score Rating
A credit score gives you a look at how your credit rating compares to that of average U.S. consumer.  A credit score is derived from information in your credit report and can range from 330 to 830, with a higher  score indicating lower credit risk.
Credit Score Factors
Factors used to determine your credit score include your payment history, amounts owed,  length of credit history, pattern of credit use, and types of credit in use.
Triple Credit Report and Score
Your 3-bureau online credit report combines your information from all 3 credit bureaus  into an easy-to-read report, so you can compare your information from each bureau, identify and dispute  possible inaccuracies on your credit reports, track late payments or judgments, see who has been looking at  your credit information, keep an eye out for identity theft, and have a good understanding of your credit  position when you talk to a lender. Whether looking to buy a car, refinance your mortgage, or qualify for a  new credit card, lenders will be going to any — or even ALL — of these 3 credit bureaus to  check your credit history.
