5. The Best of Rebuild Credit Scores
Welcome to the BEST articles, tips and resources on Rebuild Credit Scores. There are over 400 posts on Rebuild Credit Scores that will help you rebuild credit, add positive credit, dispute bad credit and errors on your credit report, manage debt,...
8 Facts You May Not Know about Credit Card APR
The APR is the annual percentage rate of interest charged to a credit card holder based on the total balance or a portion of the balance if the amount is not paid in full before the due date. APR can be complex for consumers to grasp because it changes depending on different types of transactions; and, if the APR is variable it can increase or decrease. Below are 8 facts you may not know about...
Micro Business Loans
Microloans service entrepreneurs who need financing assistance to start or expand their business but cannot qualify for traditional bank loans. Microloan organizations provide funding to start-up entrepreneurs, home-based businesses, existing and growing small business owners. Small business owners seeking bad credit business loans may find a microloan meets their needs because you may qualify...
How long will you owe a collection agency for student loan debt?
Question: I have two student loans from both undergrad and grad school that total up to nearly $74,000.00. Due to a financial hardship my loans went into default and were turned over to a collection agency. In May of 2009 I began to pay $255.00 every month for 11 months straight until I injured myself at work. I was placed on workman’s compensation for 9 months due to a broken ankle and two...
Capital One Credit Card Holders Lead in Consumer Complaints
A new era in consumer rights is emerging as the newly formed watchdog agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, continues to forge ahead empowering consumers to take control of their finances. On June 19, 2012, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) launched a consumer complaint database on credit cards. One of the functions of the database is to provide transparency to the...
5 Harmful Credit Repair Actions
Having a good credit score is essential to your personal financial well-being. With so much information on how to repair credit, how to raise credit scores and how to get credit. It gets difficult to know what advice is good and what advice is not so good when it comes to repairing your credit and raising your scores. Here are five actions that on the surface sound good and may seem logical in...
How to Raise your Credit Score Fast!
Sometimes you just do not have a lot of time to improve credit scores. You may be in the market for a mortgage, personal or auto loan. You may even be job searching or simply seeking auto or home insurance. Consumers may not realize credit scores are in a constant state of flux. A change may occur to your credit score every time a creditor reports information. Compound that by the number of...
Understanding your credit reports
A study by the U.S. PIRG (United States Public Interest Research Group) found that one out of every four credit reports contained serious errors that could result in the denial of credit. In a credit driven society it is unwise for consumers to stay silent while credit errors have the potential to adversely affect daily life. The credit bureaus act as judge and jury by irresponsibly handling...
Start here to Rebuild Credit
Rebuild credit by rebuilding your credit history. Bad credit must be replaced with positive credit. You can do this by adding positive credit, deleting negative, paying bills on time and disputing errors in your credit report. Once you learn how to rebuild credit your credit scores will improve. The amount of time it takes really depends on the amount of negative credit reporting in your credit...
How Late Payments affect your Credit Score
Late payments, especially in the current economy, cannot be always be avoided. But a late payment is very damaging to your credit score and should be avoided if at all possible. Your credit score is calculated using several major factors. One of those factors is payment history. In fact, payment history accounts for 35% of your credit score. This is a large chunk. Just one late payment can tank a...
Easy Credit Credit Cards
It can be difficult to improve your credit score without having positive credit account information reporting to your credit files. Easy credit credit cards provide an important element in building new credit and improving credit scores. Here are six credit cards that consumers with bad credit have been successful in obtaining, they are known for helping consumers build or rebuild credit. Credit...
