Getting your Free Credit Score Estimated
Over the last decade, the credit score has evolved to become an invaluable tool for lenders to use in determining an applicants ability to pay their financial commitments. Your credit score will affect interest rates received on credit cards, loans, auto insurance, homeowner’s insurance, cell phones, utilities and more. It can even affect your education and career. You can benefit significantly in all aspect of your life by having good credit scores.
Your credit score is determined by the statistics from your credit report. Your score is generated at the time your credit report is requested and is not stored as part of the report. Here you can learn more about the 3 major credit bureaus, credit monitoring, credit reports, credit scores (and what determines them) and identity theft. Understanding your credit information will help keep you in control of your finances and help determine how lenders treat you.
What is your Credit Score?
The most common score is a FICO® (Fair Isaacs) score. Each of the 3 credit bureaus ( Experian , TransUnion , Equifax ) collects credit information about you. Not all of the information the bureaus have is the same, though, so it is vital in understanding where your credit stands to obtain a credit score from each of the 3 bureaus.
Your credit score is not just a number, it is a tool that you can control and use to save cash. It will become important whenever you need credit and it is an important factor to be considered by any financial organization before they approve your credit application.
Get a free credit score estimate using our free credit score estimator* tool below.  While not an actual score, the estimated credit score is accurate in determining the range your credit score may fall under based on the answers to the questions. There is also no obligation beyond the estimate for this score.
Get an estimated free credit score with our Free Credit Score Estimator. Learn more about your credit report, credit score, and credit monitoring. Use our credit score estimator, then get your true credit scores.
Estimate your Credit Score Free*
I. Types of Accounts
What types of credit accounts do you have?
Mortgage(s)  
