How to Get High Scores on the "Toy Story Mania" Game
The "Toy Story Mania" game for the Nintendo Wii is based on "Toy Story Midway Mania!," a popular ride at Disney theme parks. Earning a high score in this game requires a steady hand and accuracy. While not required for gameplay, using a peripheral like Nintendo's Wii Zapper lets you stabilize the Wiimote with two hands to more accurately aim at the targets in the game.
'IMVU' Won't Let Me Give Credits
Play "IMVU" online and chat with friends who play the game in an avatar-based interface. Another part of the game involves purchasing digital items. To purchase items, you'll need in-game currency called "credits." You can transfer credits to friends who play. If you have trouble giving credits, your problem may have a common explanation.
How to Make a Bit Beast in "Beyblade G"
The third season of "Beyblade" is titled "G-Revolution." "Beyblade G" is available for several gaming platforms. The Bit Beast is the spirit of an animal. When invoked, it can overtake your Beyblade and increase the Beyblade's power exponentially. Each Beyblade has its own Bit Beast with its own characteristics. Activate the Bit Beast when your Beyblade has sufficient power, attained by winning three consecutive perfect battles.
Error Report: Firefox & IE Address Not Found
If you receive error messages in both Internet Explorer and Firefox that a Web address is not found, then the problem is not with either browser. The problem is either with your computer or the Web page that you are trying to visit. You get the error message when your computer cannot connect to the website.
How to Get the High Score on Facebook in "Mahjong"
Facebook social games such as Mahjong give friends the opportunity to compete with one another for the high score. Mahjong solitaire is typically played alone, however, Facebook's social tools give the game a new level of competition as friends share achievements and swap game rewards. Although there are several Mahjong games available on Facebook, each with different game elements, the basic rules of Mahjong solitaire are universal.  Mahjong games contain 144 tiles in different scoring categories. The object of the game is to earn points by matching like tiles, with special bonuses for clearing the entire board.
How to Get a Quadrant Score
The Quadrant application for Android phones lets you perform a series of tests to measure performance including memory, input and output speed, 2-D graphics and 3-D graphics. When the test is finished, you receive an overall score combining all performance components; results range from 38 to 3,800. Higher scores denote more capable phones. The score is often helpful in determining the effects of software on your device; if your phone is acting sluggish after installing new software, the Quadrant will show you if your phone now earns a lower score.
Can My Debt Affect My Fiancee?
While you remain unmarried, your fiancee will not have a legal obligation to pay your debts. If you carry debt into a marriage, your fiancee is only obligated to pay off your debts under limited circumstances. Even so, the existence of debt before marriage can negatively affect your future spouse.
How Does Google Get a Quality Score?
Google uses an automated rating system to calculate your quality score. The quality score shows how relevant your chosen keyword is to the ads you run. Much like Google's search ranking algorithm, this rating is based on a complicated set of factors. In theory, the better your quality score, the more cost-effective your advertisement, and the higher your ad will place on the Google paid search listings.
How to Refinance With a Spouse
If you or your spouse do not qualify for a refinance mortgage alone, you may apply for the loan together. This way, the lender considers both of your incomes when making a lending decision. Before you refinance together, however, you should ensure that both of your names are on the title deed. You should also check that your individual credit ratings will not diminish the possibility of refinancing.
How to Establish Credit at Age Eighteen
You have reached the age of 18, and pretty soon you will no longer depend on your parents for your basic needs. You may need to make big purchases in the near future. In order to make big purchases, you need to have a satisfactory credit record. You will probably not be able to purchase a house or a car in cash, but you can apply for credit at a bank. Before the bank will loan you money, it will look at your credit history. By establishing credit, you can prove to a bank whether or not you pose a…
How to Get the Score Plate Form on "LittleBigPlanet"
LittleBigPlanet is a Sony PS3 platform video game that requires players to jump over, use and hang from platforms to move through levels and overcome obstacles in a series of puzzles. The game gives you the ability to create your own levels based on the items, known as forms, that you collect along the way. For each item that you gather, such as a metal or armor plate form, you score points and can use the items later to create costumes or new levels.
How to Get Free Skype Call Credits
For most of its basic purposes -- such as calling other Skype users and exchanging instant messages -- Skype is free. However, when you begin venturing into the realm of calling non-Skype phones or sending text messages, you must pay either with credits or by having a paid subscription. Before paying for credits, check to see if there is an alternative. While you still must pay something, you can sometimes earn Skype credits by buying something you would have bought anyway so that the credits themselves are free.
How to Calculate Your Scrabble Score in Java
Calculating a Scrabble score in Java involves scoring points based on the words used, and applying any word modifiers. The most important aspect is using the proper data structure to hold the point values of any letters, and having that structure available to pull the proper point values. By using a HashMap to store pairs of letter-point values, you can build a simple Scrabble points calculator.
How Often Are Credit Payoffs Reported?
Your credit score is based upon the information contained within your credit report. According to FICO, thirty percent of your FICO score measures how much debt you have. Generally, the less debt you owe, the higher your score will be, so paying off accounts may improve your credit. If you've paid off a credit account, it's helpful to understand when this payoff will appear on your credit report.
Does Defaulting on Rent Affect My Credit?
A tenant defaults on rent by not making rent payments on time, based on the terms of a rental agreement. The way your landlord chooses to handle delinquent rent payments determines whether they hamper your credit rating and whether you will have trouble renting apartments in the future.
Does Settlement Less Than Owed Affect Your Credit Score?
Paying a creditor or lender less than you owe on a debt may seem like a good option if you're having financial troubles. However, debt settlements reduce credit scores, and a low score will make it difficult for you to get credit cards and loans in the future. Ultimately, the money you save through a debt settlement could cost you more than you anticipate.
How to Evaluate Syndication Loans
If a bank receives a loan application that it considers too large or too risky, it may process the loan as a syndication loan. A syndication loan is held by multiple lenders, known as a syndicate. This divides the risk of the loan between the lenders and reduces their total loss exposure. A syndication loan is usually held by a group of banks, but other large financial institutions can be lenders in a syndication loan. When a bank evaluates a syndication loan, it must review the credit risk of the borrower and the potential to divide the loan with other…
Does It Hurt My Credit if Several Reports Run While Car Shopping?
Auto lenders will often view your credit report prior to offering you an auto loan. The information in your report determines your FICO credit score, which runs from 300 to 850. This information will impact the terms of your auto loan, including the interest rate that you may be charged and whether or not you are required to submit a down payment. It's important to understand how your credit is impacted when multiple auto lenders pull your credit report.
How to Borrow Under a Revolving Line of Credit Facility
Revolving lines of credit are open-ended loan products that work in a similar manner to credit cards. Lenders offer lines of credits to commercial clients as well as consumers. When you establish your line of credit, you can access funds when you need the money. Generally, you have to make interest-only payments, which means that you pay nothing unless you actually have a balance on your credit line. Some banks provide you with credit cards or checks that you can use to access your credit line, but in many instances, you have to go to the bank to access funds.
Tactics Used in Netball
The sport of netball has its roots, of course, in the very similar game of basketball. Netball is played by both genders but there are more women's teams than men's. Strategy is extremely important in this 60-minute game, and both offensive and defensive tactical maneuvers help to score goals. Improve your team's success by mastering techniques that will help you score and keep the other team from earning points.
How to Get Score Markers to Show Up in Logic
In Apple's Logic Pro and Express, the score marking function is similar to the bookmarking function in an Web browser: It is used to mark specific points or sections of an overall arrangement for easy reference later. For example, a songwriter might use them to mark the chorus, refrain and verse sections of a song. Logic users can view, create and edit markers in most of Logic's editor windows, including the Arrange Area, Piano Roll and Score Editor windows. To get score markers to appear, you will need to become familiar with the Global Tracks area found in each of…
The Advantages of Good Credit History
A person's credit history is a seven-year record of the positive and negative reports that creditors have made in regard to his payment patterns. A credit history that contains mostly positive reports results in a higher credit score, which in turn can open up further opportunities. Those with good credit histories can secure financing more easily at lower rates and will be more attractive prospects to employers and landlords.
Reasons to Allocate Credits Annually
Allocating credits annually is often preferred in order to keep the profits, losses and taxes accurately handled. There are many types of credits businesses allocate in order to keep the financial viability of the company intact. It is easier to see the true financial outlook when you have settled the books entirely by the end of the year. Your business snapshot becomes much clearer if you have taken advantage of credits and doled out all the credits you owe.
How to Change Late Payment History on a Credit Report
Credit reporting agencies determine an individual's credit score from payment history, type of debt, length of account history, and the amount of revolving debt. Late payments contribute to a lower credit score and can prevent individuals from obtaining new credit or even employment. Creditors are responsible for providing the three major credit reporting agencies with accurate payment information. If the reported information is inaccurate, the credit bureaus and creditors are under legal obligation to remove it.
How to Read an Annual Credit Statement
Under federal law, consumers are entitled to receive a free credit report each year from the three main credit reporting agencies. This annual credit report is sometimes referred to as an annual credit statement. Reading the annual credit statement from Experian, TransUnion or Equifax consists of verifying the information reported and checking for inaccurate information.
Can I Get a Collection Account Off of My Credit Report?
Getting financing and getting the most-favorable interest rate on a loan require a good credit history. However, having a collections account on your credit report hurts your credit and can stop any financing deals. If a creditor has already reported the collection account on your credit report, you might be able to negotiate an early removal. Understand, however, that collectors and creditors are under no obligation to delete this information.
How to Run Customer Credit Reports
Reviewing a customer's credit report to determine creditworthiness before you provide a loan or service helps minimize your risk. The credit bureaus consist of three large companies: Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. Loans, government claims, judgments or unpaid bills may be reported to one or all three of the credit bureaus, so choosing only one report might provide incomplete information. Purchasing a credit report directly from one of the main bureaus might prove too expensive if you have a small business. Third-party services are also available and may offer more cost-effective solutions.
Do Creditors Respond to Disputes?
Having a good credit history and a high credit score is essential if a consumer wants to get a job, open a new credit line, buy a house or rent an apartment. A consumer has a right to dispute any errors on his credit report with the credit bureaus. The creditor must respond to the dispute to confirm or to correct the disputed information.
Does Opening New Accounts Affect Your Credit?
Opening a new account may cause a change in your credit score, depending on the type of account. In most cases, the result of opening a new account will be a lower credit score. By understanding how opening a new account will affect your credit score, you can determine if opening a new account is a good decision.
How to Run a Credit History
Whether you're screening a tenant for an apartment rental or offering a line of credit to a customer, it's important to first check the applicant's credit history. Obtaining a credit report is a good way for businesses to minimize their risks and alert them to potential future problems with the applicant. The information provided in the credit report also will allow businesses to verify that the identifying information provided in the credit application is truthful.
Can a Private Mortgage Go on a Credit Score?
You sometimes can get a mortgage at a discounted rate if you obtain a private mortgage, but this arrangement rarely improves your credit score. A private mortgage involves a loan agreement between two parties, such as if a parent were to offer a loan contract to a child.  This is unlike a traditional mortgage, which originates from a bank or some other financial institution. However, subsequent potential lenders may not accept the payment history on a private mortgage as a legitimate predictor of the borrower's behavior.
The Responsibilities of Guarantors
When applicants apply for loans or housing, the company to which they apply typically requires good credit and a steady source of income before it approves the application. If the applicant does not meet a qualification requirement, some companies allow guarantors to back the applicant's contract as a form of insurance.
What if Your Spouse Had a Deed in Lieu?
When a homeowner is behind on payments and the lender is looking toward foreclosure, the homeowner can propose an agreement of turning over the deed in lieu of foreclosure. In this situation, the lender does not have to go through the lengthy and costly process of foreclosure. If your spouse has had a deed in lieu of foreclosure agreement, this has several effects on your spouse and on potentially you both as a couple.
How to Get a High Score on "Bejeweled" in Time Mode
In the Web-based game "Bejeweled," you must rotate adjacent gems to make matches of at least three of the same kind, and each match causes new gems to fall down the board. An already tricky game becomes more challenging when you play the Time Trial mode. A bar at the bottom of the screen counts down, and you must make sets or combos to replenish the time on the bar. If you fill the bar completely, you advance to the next level, where you can earn higher scores although the timer counts down more quickly.
What Are the Effects of a Forbearance?
Forbearance is an agreement with a lender allowing a debtor to skip payments on a debt for a certain period. A homeowner unable to make payments on a mortgage because of unemployment may request forbearance for three months, for example. Forbearance is also possible on other types of loans, including student loans. The effects of forbearance are mostly positive, especially when they help a debtor avoid defaulting on a loan.
Do Timeshares Affect Your Credit?
Timeshares allow you to own a portion of a property to use for vacation purposes. The properties are typically condominiums in resort areas. You purchase a time-share in one-week increments. Most of the companies that finance timeshares report your payment history to credit bureaus. If you fall behind on your loan or maintenance payments, it can have a serious effect on your credit.
Does Being a Week Late Affect Your Credit?
Your credit score ranges from 300 to 850, according to FICO. A higher score can qualify you for better rates on loans, credit cards and other credit-based products. Your FICO score can even make the difference between an employer hiring you versus another candidate or whether an insurer will issue a policy to you or not. Credit scores are important, so it's wise to understand if a one week late payment can impact your credit.
Do Credit Bureaus Require Reaffirmation Agreements in Texas?
When you file bankruptcy in any state, including Texas, the court discharges your personal liability for most secured debts at the end of the process. However, the discharge won't release the bank's claim on the collateral that secured the debt. If you want to keep the collateral and have your payment information reported to the major credit bureaus, you must typically sign a reaffirmation agreement with the creditor.
Does a Cosigner Need to Have Good Credit for an Apartment?
A landlord sometimes requires potential tenants to get a cosigner if they cannot qualify for a place on their own, but having a cosigner does not guarantee approval for anything. Thus, you should ask someone to cosign a loan if they have a history of responsible borrowing and repaying debt on time. You may even be able to avoid use of a cosigner altogether.
How to Generate an Analysis Report Telling Which Type of Service Generates the Most of Revenue
Profitable companies attract investors who will continue to support companies that use investment funds to initiate and grow successful programs. Service companies must generate enough revenue from their service offerings to cover costs and produce profits. Analysis reports by service type are an important tool to reveal detailed revenue performance and spot potential issues early enough to bring them to resolution.
Narrow Your Selection
