Get a FREE Credit Score and 3-Bureau Credit Monitoring Online!
just for trying TransUnion 3-Bureau Credit Monitoring®
UNLIMITED TransUnion Credit Scores — update every day if you want
24/7 email alerts of critical changes to your credit from ALL 3 credit bureaus
Get your Score PLUS your Grade with an easy-to-use report card-style grade.
Personalized debt analysis and credit trending
Up to $25,000 Identity Theft Insurance
Delivered to you online quickly and securely
with enrollment at CreditReport.com
Unlimited Access to your credit score for 30 days.
3-Bureau Credit Monitoring with daily monitoring for signs of ID theft.
Email alerts for important changes to your credit information, such as late payments.
Detailed analysis showing what is affecting your credit score.
Delivered to you online quickly and securely
©
Your Triple Free Credit Score
What is the credit score range and what does it mean?
It is important to note that your credit score may be up to 50 points different from company to company.  Typical credit scores are between 600 and 750, with the overall range usually falling between 350 and 850.  You want the highest creditscore you can get to secure the most favorable credit or loan.
Why is my credit score so important?
If your freecreditscore is considered excellent, you can expect a favorable "prime" interest rate.  If your free credit score rating is good, you are considered more of a credit risk, but still qualify  for a good loan. You will most likely have to provide further documentation to secure the loan however. Finally, if your free score is considered poor, you may qualify for a smaller loan than you anticipated, with a less than  desirable "subprime" interest rate. The difference of just a few percentage points in your rate translates  into several thousand dollars over the length of the loan. This money goes into lenders pockets instead of your own — negatively affecting your purchasing power.
What can my credit score affect?
When lenders decide whether or not to give you a loan or extend credit, they check credit score. Your credit credit report score is a numberical evaluation that lenders use to gauge credit worthiness. Your free credit scores can affect (but is not limited to) your credit limit, loan amount, interest rate  and loan terms. Your credit score is very closely related to your credit report. In fact, your credit  score is a quick, scanable evaluation of your credit report that helps lenders determine whether they will work with you or not.
Origins of Your Credit Score
There are three main companies that collect your credit information; Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion.  Everything from account payment history to job information gets recorded. But they all do not use the same method for  assessing your credit report and assigning a credit score. Because of this, there is a gap in lenders  being able to assess your credit worthiness. myFICO is a company that has stepped in to standardize the credit score. These  standardized credit scores are called FICO credit scores. The majority of lenders use these free scores to determine whether or not they will do business with you.
All 3 Free Credit Scores
Your 3-bureau credit report and credit score combines your information from  ALL 3 credit bureaus (Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion) so you will know where you stand  no matter which bureau your lender goes to!
Start with your Credit Report
If you are considering applying for a loan, ordering copies of your credit reports and credit scores may well be the best place to start since it is also the first thing a potential creditor will be looking at. Even  if you pay your bills on time, you will want to ensure that all the information in your credit file is up-to-date and accurate.
Credit Monitoring
Depending on whether you are applying for an auto loan, a mortgage loan, or a loan for business or personal use, different  lenders may apply different standards in rating your credit worthiness.  For this reason, reading your credit reports, and seeing your credit scores will help you understand how your  credit data might be interpreted, giving you a chance to improve your credit worthiness.
Reasons to check your credit score free
Check for inaccuracies or before they could negatively affect your credit score.
Find out why you have been denied or granted credit.  The information on your credit report is the same information used by lenders concerning your credit.
Find out who has been looking at your credit history lately.  It could be credit card issuers, mortgage companies or even your employer.
Make sure your credit report is complete and accurate before you apply for credit.
Help protect yourself from possible credit fraud.  Review your credit reports and scores carefully, any strange accounts or addresses may indicate possible fraud.
Get a Free Credit Score from each Credit Bureau Online Now! Get credit monitoring, credit reports, and credit scores from all 3 credit bureaus.
