Resources
Disclaimer: For Legal reasons, this website provides general credit report information only.  Please consult with a financial attorney or credit advisor to discuss any legal or financial issues involved with these or any credit decisions. Information here is not to be taken as legal advice.
Your Credit Report
The following information is generalized from  Fair Isaac:
FICO Scores are determined from various credit information taken from your credit score. This includes Payment history, length of credit history, new credit,
types of credit used and amount owed. There are also percentages that go along with each category. Here is a general overview of these catagories:
Payment History
•     Various payment information on accounts such as credit card bills, retail store accounts
various loans, mortgages and more.
•     Any bankruptcies, liens, wage garnishments, any suits filed against you.
•     The degree of how long overdue your payments are.
Amounts Owed
•     The amount owing on specified accounts.
•     How many accounts that you owe on.
•     The amount of credit used on credit lines.
Length of Credit History
•     How long have your accounts been active or opened.
•     Time since there has been activity on those accounts
"I couldn't believe it! I checked over my credit report and found an error from an issue I thought I had worked out years ago. By using your information I was able to clear it up and could then get that loan I wanted at a lower interest rate than previously expected"
© 2007
•     How many newly opened accounts do you have.
•     How many credit inquiries have you made recently.
Types of Credit Used
•     The number of and what types of accounts such as credit cards, storel accounts, any loans, mortgages, etc.
Please note that:
•     A credit score looks at all these categories, not just some.
    So no one factor will determine your credit score itself. However sometimes a given factor may be more important to one than another given their credit
history. This is subject to change too as your credit report changes. While your FICO score only calculates your information from your credit report, it is not
to say that lenders will will at other factors in determining a credit decision. These factors include your income and job security.
Other Names for FICO Scores
FICO scores have different names at each of the three credit reporting agencies. All of these scores,
however, are developed using the same methods by Fair Isaac, and have been rigorously tested to ensure
they provide the most accurate picture of credit risk possible using credit report data.
Credit Reporting Agency -  FICO® Score
Equifax                         -  BEACON®
Experian                       -  Experian/Fair Isaac Risk Model
Trans Union                  -  EMPIRICA®
What Does Your Credit Score Mean?
As you improve your FICO scores, you pay less when you buy on credit - whether purchasing a home
loan, cell phone, a car loan, or signing up for credit cards.
For example, on a $150,000 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage:
Your FICO® Score   Your Interest Rate
720-850 
