Free Credit Score; 30-day Free Trial; 24/7 Online Access to your Score; 3-Bureau Credit Monitoring
Free Credit Score from EXPERIAN; 7-Day Risk Free Trial
Unlimited TransUnion reports and scores; but only monitors one bureau
 
More Credit Reports & Credit Score Offers »
How to Get Your Credit Report
There are various ways for you to get your very own credit report, free of charge! Literally, the credit industry is laden with credit monitoring services that are more than willing to give you your very own free credit report. All you have to do is find most reliable of the companies offering credit reports, and you are good to go!
For the most part, these credit monitoring services offer packaged services – and you will surely find some of them offering these services at certain fees and charges. Thus, the wise thing to do is to conduct a comparison of these companies so that you are sure to go with the most reliable one.
One of the musts you should look for in a credit monitoring service is its ability to send email alerts to you in real time whenever there's a change that occurs in your report. This is very important so that you can keep track of all the changes taking place, making it easier to monitor your credit score as well!
Another feature you must look for in a company issuing free annual credit reports is a free trial period. This is essential in finding that reliable company because during this period, you can sample all of the services they offer their clients.
Keep these tips in mind and you are on your way to getting accurate credit reports all year long.
Vigilance in Monitoring Credit Scores
A lot of people might tell you that there is no need to monitor your credit score. However, the complete opposite of this is actually true. It is indeed a must to monitor your credit scores, and the following are reasons this is so.
First, banks, lending services, and other financial institutions make use of your credit score in deciding whether or not they would lend you a certain amount of money. Moreover, they would also use this to come up with the interest rate that you will be paying. A certain credit score range would render a certain interest rate range so the higher your score is, the better your chances are at scoring that loan.
Another reason why you should get your hands on your free credit scores is to protect your own self against identity theft. Identity theft is indeed rampant these days and by monitoring your credit score, as well as your credit report, you are better equipped to determine the early signs of identity theft. By keeping track of these early signs, you can then avoid becoming one of the many victims of identity theft.
Be sure to monitor your credit score as vigilantly as possible and you are sure to protect yourself just the way you should.
Protecting Yourself from Identity Theft
Identity theft is indeed one of the most prevalent crimes in the credit card industry today. If you have yet to fall victim to one of the many thieves in the industry, then it is high time for you to consider getting identity theft protection. You have to understand that these thieves work at a professional level, and you just might not know that you have already fallen victim to them until it is too late.
The advent of computer technology and the internet have even made it much easier for identity thieves to scout their victims. As long as you have a credit card and your account is active, there are actually hundreds of ways for these thieves to get the information they need – and start scamming you off right away. The way identity thieves scout their victims is out of your control. Still, with the help of professional and accredited companies, you can get quality identity theft protection. This may mean additional expenses for you. But in the end, wouldn't you sleep better knowing that a professional service is making it difficult for thieves to access your credit card details?
Do not wait until it's too late to protect yourself against identity theft. Get professional help right now.
Copyright ©2008-2009 Free-Credit-Reports.com
