Credit Scores WITHOUT Credit Repair
(you know, those dispute letters)
 
From: Anngie Jenkins, Credit Score Queen
Date:
Dear High Credit Score Seeker,
Can you answer YES to these questions:
Do you pay your bills on-time, all the time?
Do you pay-off your credit card balances every month?
Are you getting back on your feet after a foreclosure and/or bankruptcy?
You’ve never experienced an interruption in your income (job layoff, illness, etc.)?
but… your credit scores are still below 760!
Well, you CAN improve your credit and increase your credit scores to 760 or more without credit repair! I recovered from a foreclosure and Chapter 7 Bankruptcy after just nine months so I know you can increase your credit scores too. You simply need to learn how to do it…and it’s easier than you think when you know what to do!
“Discover 25 Fast and Proven Ways to
Increase Your Credit Scores to 760 or More
WITHOUT Credit Repair…”
Here’s my story. Maybe it’s similar in some respects to yours. Let’s hope you have not suffered as much as I did…
In March 2002, I was laid-off from my full-time job as a Sr. Technical Engineer. For nearly two years, I struggled to make ends meet while receiving unemployment compensation and when that ran out, with income from low-paying jobs here and there.
Finally, I had to face the harsh reality that I could not meet my financial obligations.
The home I loved, I lost… entered foreclosure in October 2003.
In November 2003, I finally threw in the towel, and filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
From Foreclosure and Bankruptcy to High Credit Scores…
On March 1, 2004, I was blessed with a full-time job.
On March 26, 2004, my bankruptcy was discharged.
My life had taken a turn for the better. My financial situation was on an upswing. I just didn’t realize how much of an upswing until November 2004.
From March to November, my credit scores increased by over 100 points. I wasn’t using my credit because I didn’t have a need until December 2004 when my car was stolen.
I purchased the most inexpensive new car I could find. While making this purchase I realized I had improved my credit and increased my credit scores without even knowing it. It was at that moment I set a personal goal to start improving my credit and increasing my credit scores.
Fortunately, my credit prior to the bankruptcy was good.
This allowed me to purchase a new car with zero down at 10% interest. Not bad for someone just nine months out of bankruptcy, huh? So obtaining an auto loan was my first step toward recovery.
How to Improve Your Credit and Increase Your Credit Scores WITHOUT Credit Repair…
When I realized my credit reports were looking better, I seized the opportunity and set a personal goal to improve my credit and increase my credit scores. Then I set out to achieve those goals.
What are your financial goals?
Your ultimate goal may be a 760 credit score, but why?
What is it that you want to do? Purchase a home? Buy a car? Build a solid financial future?
With goals set, I made a plan and took action.
I knew I needed at least three or four bank credit cards to continue improving my credit and increasing my credit scores. Next, I used $1000 of my auto insurance settlement (from my stolen vehicle) and applied for a secured Visa credit card.
The creditor of this secured credit card confirmed my credit history (on-time payments with them), my credit limit and usage would be reported to all three credit bureaus.
Excellent! That’s what I needed to hear to continue improving my credit and increasing my credit scores.
Easy and Fast Credit Improvement…
I continued to use the secured Visa credit card and paid on time, as well as paid my auto loan on time. In May 2006, my Equifax credit report had the highest credit scores compared to the other two reports. I applied and was approved for an unsecured Visa credit card through my credit union. I received a new Visa credit card with a $1000 limit shortly thereafter.
In November 2006, I applied for a $500 limit increase on the unsecured Visa credit card. My request was approved. I continued to request limit increases every six months.
In February 2007, I applied for a mortgage.
I was surprised to learn my credit scores were 753, 699 and 690.
Having credit scores in this range allowed me to purchase a new home with a zero down-payment, money back at closing and an interest rate of 5.875%. Less than a month after purchasing my new home, I purchased a new car with an interest rate of 3.9%.
In October 2007, I applied for my second unsecured Visa credit card (three total Visa credit cards). My application was approved and very soon thereafter I was sent a new Visa credit card with a credit limit of $19,000. Wow, the power of high credit scores!
In February 2009, my credit scores were 776, 718 and 710. As of today, I continue to take action toward increasing my credit scores to achieve my personal goal of obtaining three credit scores between 800 and 850! I’m not far from it either with an Equifax FICO score of 781!
Knowing this, I refuse to have challenged credit and low credit scores again.
Having challenged credit and low credit scores costs money that many of us don’t have to spare. Low credit scores equate to high interest rates on loans, mortgages, credit cards and high premiums on auto insurance.
With a low credit score, you may find down payments are always required for auto loans, mortgages and basic utilities such as electric, gas, water and phone service — cell and land lines.
I refuse to live that way and you can too!
You can take charge of your financial future and buying power by simply increasing your credit scores without credit repair.
I did it and many others have increased their credit scores using my strategies and you can too!
On file testimonials…
“This stuff really works…”
I have experienced what credit building the right way can do for you. My scores were at 505, 450 and 501. I got the information from Anngie on how to build the credit scores quickly and put the information into action. It was unbelievable, after 45 days I received a credit report from Equifax that showed a 95 point increase. After another 30 days my other two credit reports began to show a 15 to 30 point increase in the scores.
I shouted, “This stuff really works!” (after I promptly applied for a Visa credit card and was approved).
Thanks Anngie “B”
On file testimonials…
“My credit scores have increased over 55 points…”
I was an average consumer with basic credit…mortgage (paid off), car loan and credit cards. I paid my bills on time so my credit rating was good…or so I thought. Just out of curiosity I had my credit reports pulled and realized that my credit scores had remained stagnant over the last couple of years.
I was puzzled because I knew that I was paying everything on time, so I thought that my scores would continue to increase, but they didn’t. I spoke to Anngie Jenkins about my situation and she put me on the right track to improving my credit scores. Anngie gave me numerous lessons on understanding my credit and enlightened me on what types of credit will increase my scores and what items will decrease them.
I immediately implemented a plan of action based on Anngie’s advice and within three months I saw an increase in my credit scores. That was over a year ago and since that time my credit scores have increased over 55 points. Becoming an educated consumer was an invaluable lesson that I learned from Anngie.
M. Duncan – Ellenwood, GA
Another on file testimonial…
“Asked my bank, which credit bureau do you use..”
Hi Anngie, if you recall that marathon conversation we had when I tried to pick your brain on all aspects of credit Repair. Well, one area that interested me the most, (and if you remember how curious I was about this new information) was that:
- businesses, prospective lenders, etc. they all have their specific credit bureau that they pull to verify credit of the applicant. You also mentioned that they all are unique in the type or level of credit score they are looking for- minimum (especially in this economic climate)
Well, I went out with that information and started a conversation with two well known banks in Atlanta and asked them, “which credit bureau do you use?’ Just like you said Anngie, and they told me. I also went into my files and looked for the companies who have been refusing me credit and there it was, they referred to information from a specific credit bureau-I never noticed this before.
I then compared what those credit bureaus were saying about both my daughter’s and my personal credit and was able to get an idea of how these banks and other lenders were likely to respond to my application without them having to pull my credit and sending down my score.
In one instance, since we had the score they were looking for, I negotiated the down payment and got it lowered, and put the excess on a CD- not much, but they loved it.
Now with additional credit (and paying on time is our intention), the score could only GO UP!
Thank you so much. Great job Anngie!
A. Joefield – Atlanta, GA
Satisfied testimonial…
“I have been set free…My past mistakes with my finances,(are gone) a true load has been lifted…”
Thank you so much for all of the amazing information you have given us in your book “25 Ways To Increase Your FICO Scores To 750″. Finally, the book I’ve been waiting for, “25 Ways To Increase Your FICO Score To 750″, as usual this is right on time.
Great Job! Your book is so wonderful, easy to follow and understandable. This book has set me “Free” from my past mistakes with my finances, a true load has been lifted!
You Go Girl! Looking forward to the next one, a continuation.
A Must Read! This book is for everybody, whether your just learning about finances, experienced with budgets and bills, or just trying to maintain and keep what you already have, here’s the answer.
Many Blessings,Karen Carr
