Three Credit Bureaus
Three Credit Bureaus
Experian, Equifax and TransUnion are the three major credit bureaus that issue your credit scores. Your credit scores are used by lenders to determine your credit rating (in other words, how you are as a credit risk). Consumers with higher credit scores will generally receive better interest rates, resulting in reduced borrowing costs.  A poor credit score will increase the likelihood that the consumer will be rejected for a loan, or have to pay more to borrow money.
Each of the three credit bureaus uses its own algorithm to determine your credit score.  Unfortunately, the information reflected in the credit score issued by one credit bureau may not be reflected in the credit score issued by another.  The background data and information used by one credit reporting agency in compiling your credit history may be different from the information used by the other bureaus.  For example, your Experian and TransUnion reports may show a credit card balance as paid in full, while the Equifax report may reflect the same credit card balance as still outstanding. Accordingly, in this example, your Equifax score would be lower than the scores issued by each of TransUnion and Experian.
So, it is important that when you order your credit report, you make sure you are getting the credit report scores issued by all three credit reporting bureaus.  You should look at your 3 credit scores and reports (or 3-in-1 credit report) side by side to get your most complete and accurate credit score profile.
Check your triple credit score and report for inconsistencies, inaccuracies and other issues in your credit history as recorded by each credit bureau, and be sure to fix credit report problems before you are turned down for a mortgage or refinancing, car loan or credit card.
Here is the latest news on the Three Credit Bureaus :
The school system continues to stress that parents of current and former CMCSS students and school system employees, current and former, take it upon themselves to seek credit protection through one of the three credit bureaus. The coverage is …
Publ.Date : 2012-06-14T01:35:37Z
Annualcreditreport.com will allow Americans the opportunity to check a credit report from all three credit bureaus – Experian, Equifax and Transunion. As July nears it will be interesting to see if home prices turn around. Recently, the government released …
Publ.Date : 2012-06-28T00:43:13Z
Most Millenials Do Not Know Their Credit Score – MyBankTracker.com
Each of the big three credit bureaus is required by law to offer consumers free access to their credit report once a year, allowing any willing consumer to check their report three times a year if they want ? or all at the same time.
Publ.Date : 2012-06-28T07:02:37Z
No one can repair your credit, period. Only you can repair your credit through discipline and through direct contact with your creditors and with the three credit bureaus. Thomas Nitzsche, media relations coordinator for ClearPoint Credit Counseling …
Publ.Date : 2012-06-22T21:28:43Z
Money Matters: Financial planning for newly single parents – WMUR.com
Make sure ex-spouse is removed from any joint account you have been awarded: You also need to notify each of the three credit bureaus of your divorce so future reports will be based on only on your credit report. Adjust your investment focus: Becoming a …
Publ.Date : 2012-06-28T19:55:42Z
Identity Theft: Will You Be the Next Victim? – Minyanville
Make sure you get a case number and follow up in a few days to get the full police report. Contact one of the three credit bureaus: Equifax at 800-525-6285, Trans Union at 800-680-7289, or Experian at 888-397-3742. This will be the most …
Publ.Date : 2012-06-27T03:29:03Z
10 financial tips for newlyweds – Heritage
Discuss your strengths and weaknesses with money. Each of you should get a copy of your credit reports from the three credit bureaus. Continued… This will give you a clear picture of credit accounts, debts, and how creditors will judge you.
Publ.Date : 2012-06-28T11:48:57Z
The institution is monitoring triggers for mortgage, automotive and credit cards, pulling from two of the three credit bureaus. DHCU?s EVP & Chief Operating Officer, Matt McCombs, said, ?Working with Datamyx, we can focus on growing our business …
Publ.Date : 2012-06-19T12:06:46Z
Survey: Consumers are getting smarter about credit scores – CreditCards.com
Sprauve recommends that you first order a copy of each of your credit reports from each of the big three credit bureaus (Experian, Equifax and TransUnion) and check to make sure there aren’t inaccuracies hiding in the report. (You can download a free copy …
Publ.Date : 2012-06-29T10:43:20Z
When you order your credit score, please make sure you are getting your credit scores issued by all Three Credit Bureaus.
Triple Credit Score
Triple Credit Score
A Triple Credit Score is the essential part of a three-in-one credit report or 3-in-1 credit report that provides your credit scores from each of the three credit bureaus – Equifax, Experian and TransUnion.
Why is it important that you check all 3 credit scores and all 3 credit reports from all three credit score companies?  A typical credit report displays your credit information from only one credit reporting agency.
Unfortunately, when you apply for a car loan, look to refinance a mortgage or sign up for a new credit card, lenders may review any one or even all 3 credit bureau reports.  For example, the information contained in your credit report score issued by TransUnion may not be reflected in the credit scoring issued by the other agencies.  This may cost you thousands of dollars in loan payments and fees.
So, it it essential that you review your credit scores contained in all three credit reports. The Triple Credit Score allows you to compare, side-by-side, your credit information contained in the credit report and score issued by each credit report bureau, so you can identify and dispute possible errors and inaccuracies, track late payments or judgments, see who has accessed your credit history, and gain an understanding of what factors affect your credit score.   You can also spot early signs of identity theft.  When you order a credit report and score, make sure that you are getting a Triple Credit Score.
 
