Resources
1. Introduction
For a three-digit number, your credit score packs a big wallop. A low score can thrust you into the financial abyss of the sub-prime market, costing you thousands of dollars in added interest over the life of a car loan or mortgage. Consumers who have a very low score --or no score at all-- may not get credit on any terms.
A quick glance at this single bit of information gives creditors all they feel they need to make judgments about whether you will repay a car loan, mortgage or credit card debt. Your score is a snapshot of your credit report, giving creditors instant clues about how you pay your bills, how you've handled credit over the years and even whether financial troubles have led you into the courts.
Born as a mortgage underwriting tool in the mid 1990s, credit scores are now commonly used by all lenders. Your credit report and/or your credit score may also be seen by employers, landlords, or cell phone and utility companies. The insurance industry has developed its own highly controversial credit-based scoring system. For more on insurance scores, see PRC Fact Sheet 25, CLUE and You: How Insurers Size You Up, www.privacyrights.org/fs/fs26-CLUE.htm .
A credit score is cold-hearted. It says nothing about unexpected medical bills or loss of a job. Proponents of the credit scoring system claim the process is fair to everyone since neither race, sex, nor age are considered. (For more on the factors that make up your credit score, see Part 4 of this guide.)
Others are skeptical of the claimed nondiscriminatory effects of scoring. Consumer advocates worry, for example, that low-income workers, minorities, or segments of the population that do not have access to traditional credit sources like major credit cards or mortgages may score lower than others. Another major concern, documented in various studies, is the accuracy of data in the underlying credit report. (See the Resources section at the end of this guide for links to studies on accuracy in credit reporting and credit scoring.)
Potential discrimination in credit-based scoring and accuracy in reporting are ongoing consumer concerns. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (FACT Act, PL 108-159), which amended the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 USC §1681) (FCRA), requires the Federal Trade Commission and other federal financial agencies to study and report to Congress on both credit scoring and accuracy. For further reading on the ongoing FACT Act studies, see the FTC's FCRA section, www.ftc.gov/os/statutes/fcrajump.shtm
Consumer awareness of credit scoring has increased dramatically since the late 1990s. Federal law now gives you the right to get some scores for a "reasonable" fee. (See Part 2 .) However, a September 2005 study released by the Consumer Federation of America jointly with Providian concluded that while public knowledge of credit scoring has improved, the majority of consumers still have limited understanding of credit scores. www.consumerfed.org/pdfs/Providian_Press_Release_9_05.pdf
The purpose of this guide is to acquaint you with the basics of scoring, offer tips on how to improve your score, and give you additional resources for further information.
2. New Rights to Credit Scores
Credit scores have been available for some time. Some states - California led the way -- passed laws to require score disclosures. Even without the legal requirement, scores soon became available as industry practice. Amendments to the FCRA made by the FACT Act created a national standard allowing access to credit scores for a "reasonable fee". However, the "reasonable fee" access only applies to "educational" credit scores compiled by the three national credit bureaus - Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax.
What is a credit score?
FACTA defines a "credit score" as:
A numerical value or a categorization derived from a statistical tool or modeling system used by a person who makes or arranges a loan to predict the likelihood of certain credit behaviors, including default (and the numerical value or the categorization derived from such analysis may also be referred to as a 'risk predictor' or risk score'Ö (FCRA §609(f)(2))
In short, a credit score is a grading system that adds or subtracts points based on select data in your credit report. Late payments, maxed out credit cards, and bankruptcies are negative factors that take points away. A solid payment history and prudent use of available credit add points. Your final grade -- your credit score -- is said to measure how likely it is that you will repay a loan. (For more on the factors that go into calculating your credit score, see Part 4 .)
Do I have a right to free credit scores?
No. FACTA says you can get your score at a “reasonable” fee as determined by the FTC. In November of 2004, the FTC solicited comments on what would be a “reasonable” fee for a credit score. www.ftc.gov/opa/2004/11/factafrn.shtm  
According to the FTC, $8.00 is generally a "reasonable" fee for a credit score. For more on credit scores, see the following FTC publication: ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/credit/cre24.shtm
In addition, rules adopted by the Federal Reserve Board and the FTC give consumers the right, in some cases, to receive credit scores when applying for credit or a notice that credit has been approved but that the consumer did not receive the most favorable credit terms because of the credit score. Called “risk based pricing” notices, the notices are required by FACTA. The “risk based pricing rules” became effective in January 2011 and are explained in the FRB’s publication: www.federalreserve.gov/consumerinfo/wyntk_notices.htm  
The Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which created the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (CFPB), gives consumers the right to receive a free credit score. Under this new law, a free credit score must be provided to anyone who has received credit at a rate higher than other consumers or whose credit rate is adjusted unfavorably because of a credit score. This means, for example, if your credit card company reviews your credit score and decides you represent a heightened credit risk because your score has dropped, the company can increase your interest rate. If this happens, you are entitled to a free credit score.
On July 6, 2011, the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued joint final rules that explain consumers’ rights to a free credit score when a score, rather than a credit report, is used to set or adjust credit terms. The rule was effective on August 15, 2011.
Under this rule, free credit scores are available to consumers along with an explanation of the factors that adversely affected the score, the date the score was created, and the name of the consumer reporting agency that provided the score to the creditor. So-called “proprietary” scores such as those used to set insurance or mortgage rates are generally not included in this risk-based pricing rule. An exception exists, however, for a “proprietary” score that is derived solely from information included in the credit history report.
To read the joint FRB and FTC rule on free credit scores, go to: www.ftc.gov/opa/2011/07/riskbased.shtm
The CFPB has produced a video designed to help consumers understand credit scores. To view the CFPB’s video, go to: www.consumerfinance.gov/video/educating-consumers-on-credit-scores/ .  CFPB also has a publication explaining how to get and keep a good credit score at http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/2011/07/CFPB_20110719_CreditScoresFlyer.pdf
FACTA does, however, give everyone the right to a free credit report from each of the three national credit bureaus. Free reports can be obtained once every 12 months. Since information included in your credit report is the basis for all scoring models, errors in the report can translate to a lowered credit score. For more on free credit reports, see www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/freereports/index.shtml
Does FACTA give me the right to get my FICO score?
No. FACTA only covers two kinds of scores. The "educational" score shows you how scoring works and how you rate as a credit risk. You may also get a "mortgage score," that is a score used in connection with residential real property loans. You are entitled to the mortgage score free if your loan is denied.
Can I get my credit score without also buying a credit report?
This depends mainly on where you live and where you get your score. Laws in California and Colorado allow you to get your credit score for a "reasonable" fee. Educational scores produced by the credit bureaus may also be purchased as a stand-alone product without also buying a credit report.
Are stand-alone scores of any value to me?
Stand-alone "educational" scores can give you an indication of your credit risk level. Also, a score that is completely out of line with your knowledge of your own financial status may indicate something amiss in the underlying credit report. But keep in mind, scores are in a sense a "moving target," depending on the information in the credit report at the time your file is scored.
Will I know how the credit bureau arrived at this score?
When you request your "educational" credit score, it should come with a notice that tells you:
That the credit scoring model may be different than the credit score that may be used by lenders.
The range of possible scores under the model used.
The key factors (limited to four) that adversely affected the credit score.
The date the credit score was created.
Can I dispute a low credit score?
No. The dispute process outlined in the FCRA applies to your credit report, not your credit score. Since your score is based on data in your credit report at any given time, correcting errors in your credit report should improve your score. (For information on how to dispute data in your credit report, see www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/credit/cre21.shtm )
3. Who's Keeping Score?
Minnesota based Fair Isaac, Inc., www.myfico.com , was the first company to develop a credit scoring model based on selected criteria included in credit reports. In the 1990s the mortgage industry started to use scoring models to automatically rate consumers. In these early years credit scoring was largely a mystery to consumers.
This all changed when California passed a law in 1999 requiring mortgage lenders to disclose credit scores. The California law also requires the three national credit bureaus - Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax - to disclose credit scores to consumers who request a score.
Today credit scoring has moved far beyond the mortgage industry and is used by nearly all lenders to make instant decisions about the odds a loan will be repaid. Scoring models developed by Fair Isaac, which have come to be known simply as your FICO, continue to dominate the credit scoring market.
Fair Isaac licensed it scoring software to all three national credit bureaus. Then each bureau adopted its own version of the Fair Isaac model. Different scoring factors coupled with different data in each bureau's credit files can lead to wide disparity in scores. You may have seen this first hand when you applied for a car loan or other credit. 
Consumers can no longer purchase a FICO score from the credit bureau Experian. Experian does, however, still sell the FICO score to lenders. To read more about Experian and FICO scores, see: www.fico.com/en/Company/News/Pages/QuestionsandAnswers.aspx
In March 2006 the three national credit bureaus announced a joint venture and a new credit scoring system -- VantageScore. With the new scoring system, the bureaus apply a uniform scoring model. The bureaus say any disparity with VantageScore is because of different data included in the files of each bureau. Following the academic scale, VantageScores range from 501 to 990 to which is then applied a letter "grade." You get an "A," for example, if you score between 901-990, the highest range under the VantageScore system.
As we discuss in Part 4 , FICO scores, with a range of 300 to 850, have been the scoring norm. If VantageScores with a cap of 990 take hold, this is bound to cause consumer confusion. You might think, for example, that a score of 850 puts you at the top as a credit risk. You'd be right if your lender used a FICO score. But, if your lender scores under the VantageScore system, you'll only get a "B." (For a description of VantageScore numerical ranges and how this translates to a letter ìgrade,î see Experian's website at: www.experian.com/live-credit-smart/vantage-score.html   In the future, when you apply for credit, it's wise to ask your lender what scoring system it uses.
In addition to FICO scores and the new VantageScores, many companies have developed scoring models. Experian, for example, estimates there may be up to 1,000 different scoring models, each with a different scoring range. Some models focus on specific types of loans like automobile loans or credit cards. Currently there is what the Federal Trade Commission characterizes as an "extensive and dynamic market for credit score products." Very often credit scores come bundled with offers to sell other products such as credit reports, credit report monitoring services or identity theft insurance. We discuss such offers in Part 7 .
In recent years, it has become the industry norm, although not required by federal law, to allow consumers to purchase credit scores or get free scores when applying for a mortgage. Scores may also now be available through companies with which you have an existing relation. For example, some credit card companies offer a free score along with your monthly statement. Under recent amendments to the FCRA, consumers nationwide are entitled to purchase a credit score for a "reasonable" fee. But, again, the FCRA only applies to "educational" scores that show you how scoring works and how you rate as a credit risk.
4. The Tally - When Points Are Added or Taken Away
In Part 3 we discuss the new joint scoring model called VantageScore adopted by the three national credit bureaus. The factors that go into the VantageScore are explained in the following publication which appears on Experian’s website:  www.experian.com/consumer-products/vantage-score.html
The factors that comprise the VantageScore and the relative weight assigned to each factor are:
Recent credit – 10%
