GO IDENTITY PROTECT REVIEW: Go to Web Site | Back to Overview Chart
If identity theft is the main reason why you want to check your credit, then Go Identity Protect should be your choice.  We chose this as the best option for many reasons.  Even if you are just looking for a credit report, it is still a great option because you will get free identity theft protection as well.
Go Identity Protect offers $1 million identity theft protection which means they will compensate you up to $1 million for: stolen funds, legal expenses, lost wages, private investigators, and Loan application fees, long distance telephone costs, mailing and postage costs, costs of having affidavits or other documents notarized that relate to you reporting and/or resolving an Identity Theft.  Believe me when I say you don't know how valuable this is unless you have been a victim of Identity Theft before.  I spent well over $20,000 of my own money trying to restore my credit.  If only I would have known that there were services like this before I was a victim.
You will get 3-bureau credit monitoring with email alerts, a 30-day trial, and a Experian credit report at sign up.  If you are also looking for a credit score, you have the option of purchasing one during signup.
Go Identity Protect is the #1 Identity Theft product we have found on the market today.  We highly recommend it!
GoFreeCredit 3in1 REVIEW: Go to Web Site | Back to Overview Chart
If your goal is to get all 3 of your credit reports and all 3 of your credit scores, then GoFreeCredit 3in1 is your best choice.  This was the only credit reporting company that we researched that we could recommend that offers a 3in1 credit report & free credit scores from all 3 bureaus.
You still get the 3-bureau credit monitoring which will alert you of any suspicious changes to your credit reports.  Having access to all 3 credit reports and 3 credit scores will give you a great overview of your credit situation whether you are trying to get a new loan, look for errors, or spot identity theft.
GoFreeCredit 3in1 is THE choice if you are looking for all 3 credit reports + 3 scores for FREE.
GO FREE CREDIT FICO REVIEW: Go to Web Site | Back to Overview Chart
If you are looking for your actual FICO score which is what most lenders use, then this GoFreeCredit Fico offer is the one for you.  The FICO score is a score from Fair Isaac Corporation which is what most lenders use.  If you don't need all 3 scores but are looking for the most used score, then use this service.  They exceeded all of our expectations and were by far the best offer out there for a free FICO score.  The only reason we gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they only offer 1 score and not all of them.  But for many people all they really need is this 1 score.
Go Free Credit FICO still provides 3-bureau monitoring just like all the other offers above.  This monitoring provides automatic notifications of changes to your credit report so that you know if someone is trying to steal your identity.  While it does not have a $1 million guarantee, it still provides excellent coverage for Identity Theft.
We HIGHLY recommend GoFreeCredit FICO if you need to get your FICO score for free.
© 2012 My-CreditScore.com - All Rights Reserved : Terms of Service : Privacy Policy
Disclaimer: The above credit reporting companies are in no way affiliated with My-CreditScore.com.
