Glossary
About credit scores
When you apply for credit – whether for a credit card, a car loan, or a mortgage – lenders want to know what risk they'd take by loaning money to you. FICO® scores are the credit   scores most lenders use to determine your credit risk. You have three FICO scores, one for each   of the three credit bureaus: Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax. Each score is based on   information the credit bureau keeps on file about you. As this information changes, your credit   scores tend to change as well.  Your 3 FICO scores affect both how much and what loan terms   (interest rate, etc.) lenders will offer you at any given time. Taking steps to improve your   FICO scores can help you qualify for better rates from lenders.
For your three FICO scores to be calculated, each of your three credit reports must contain   at least one account which has been open for at least six months. In addition, each report must   contain at least one account that has been updated in the past six months. This ensures that   there is enough information – and enough recent information – in your report on which to base   a FICO  score on each report.
About FICO scores
Credit bureau scores are often called “FICO scores” because most credit bureau    scores used in the U.S. are produced from software developed by Fair Isaac and Company. FICO scores are provided to lenders by the major credit reporting agencies.
FICO scores provide the best guide to future risk based solely on credit report    data. The higher the credit score, the lower the risk. But no score says whether a    specific individual will be a “good” or “bad” customer. And    while many lenders use FICO scores to help them make lending decisions, each    lender has its own strategy, including the level of risk it finds acceptable for a    given credit product. There is no single “cutoff score” used by all    lenders and there are many additional factors that lenders use to determine your    actual interest rates.    However you can now see what interest rates lenders    typically offer consumers based on FICO score ranges .
Other Names for FICO Scores
FICO scores have different names at each of the credit reporting agencies. All of      these scores, however, are developed using the same methods by Fair Isaac, and have      been rigorously tested to ensure they provide the most accurate picture of credit      risk possible using credit report data.
Credit Reporting Agency
