Credit Reports and Credit Scores
Credit Cards
Apply Now
Your credit history can affect many parts of your life. Lenders, potential employers, and landlords — just to name a few — can all legally access your credit history, and often do.
To determine how good a credit risk you are, lenders often buy both a credit report and a credit score from the three major credit reporting agencies: Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion.
What’s in your credit report
Your credit report is a detailed list of your credit history. Part of what it includes is:
The type of credit you have (credit card, auto loan, mortgage, etc.)
Your credit limit or original loan amount
Your account balance (or the total balance of your last statement)
Your payment history (late payments stay on your credit report for seven years)
Bankruptcies (stays on your credit report for 10 years)
Identifying information such as your name, date of birth, and employment history is listed on your credit report, but is not used to determine your credit score.
How to check your credit report
You should review your credit report at least once a year to check for errors or fraud, and also before making a big purchase like a house or a car.
Residents of most states can get one free credit report under federal law from each of the three credit reporting agencies once a year through www.annualcreditreport.com.
To get credits reports more often than once a year, you can order your credit report for a small fee.
Credit scores
A credit score — also known as a credit rating — is a numeric value based on the information contained in your credit report. That score (usually between 300 and 850) tells the lender the level of future risk associated with your credit history. The higher the score, the lower the risk.
Credit bureau scores are often called "FICO scores" because many credit bureau scores used in the U.S. are produced from software developed by Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO).
While many lenders use credit scores to help them make their lending decisions, each lender has its own criteria. There is no single minimum credit "cutoff score" used by all lenders, and there are many additional factors that lenders use to determine your actual interest rates.
Order your credit score
Learn more in our Credit Center
To learn how to raise your credit score, how to fix errors on your credit report, and much more, visit our Credit Center .
Credit Cards
