9.29 %
$1,238
Virtue may not always be its own reward, but a $378 spread between good credit    and not-so-good is serious business. It is a spread that can torpedo a lot of    home-owning dreams and should motivate anyone in the market for credit to consider    what a good score can do for them and how a bad score socks it to them.
Improving a credit score is not a short term activity. In any given    three-month period, according to FICO, only one in four debtors has a 20 point    change in score (positive or negative we presume.) And forget about those emails    and websites that promise to restore credit virginity overnight. That is a process    that can take a long, long time and over which a borrower has minimal control.
The Federal Trade Commission offers some good suggestions for the long term    rehabilitation of the credit-score deficient.
First of all, if you have no credit, establish some. Apply for a credit card    and use it ' wisely. Charge a little bit every month, even if it has to    be gas or groceries, and pay off the bill immediately. If you have no established    credit you may have to pay a fee to the credit card company, but consider it    an essential cost. Once you have been a good customer for a year or two you    can probably convince the company to remove the fee. If not, apply for a new    card elsewhere. And, if you are establishing credit, don't open a lot    of new accounts. A single credit card and maybe a retail charge account will    get you started.
If you have established credit, treat it like a crown jewel. Pay every bill    on time!!!!! If you are already behind in payments, catch up immediately or    call the account holder and make arrangements to do so, and then keep that account    current for ever after. Even a '30 day late' on your credit report    will come back to haunt you.
Keep balances low. A borrower 'maxed out' on one or more lines    of credit will raise a lot of questions about his financial stability and this    will be reflected in credit scores.
If you are shopping for a loan, do so in a short time frame. Credit scoring    distinguishes between someone searching for a single loan and someone who is    always on a credit hunt based on the time fame in which inquiries appear on    your credit report.
And, most important, check your credit report several times a year to make    sure the info is correct. Soon everyone in the country will be entitled to one    free credit report from each of the three reporting agencies each year. Stagger    requests to these companies and you can review your status every four months.    Email me if you need help doing this.
