Why Do You Need To Check Your Credit Score?
Free Credit Score Government
It’s a common misconception that you can get a free credit score through the gov, the reason this rumour or misconception exists is because of the FCRA (Fair Credit Reporting Act) which states that each of the credit bureaus must provide individuals with one free copy of their credit REPORT every twelve months. These credit reports contain all of the credit information that has been collected on each individual, but they do not contain a credit score. This is because while the bureaus are required to give you your credit report, this report does not have to contain your credit score. You can read more about the FCRA and how it affects you at the FTC government website by clicking here  - or you can read our guide to getting a free credit report .
How To Get  Free Credit Score
Even though it’s not required by law to offer a free credit score, there are a number of companies out there that do offer this information for free. There are some strings attached of course – in the majority of cases you need to sign up to a subscription service commonly referred to as a credit monitoring program. By signing up for a free trial you get access to your credit reports, along with your credit scores – these monitoring programs also offer information such as how to improve your score and how big financial decisions such as applying for a mortgage will affect your score.
As long as you cancel within the trial period, you will not be charged anything. If you forget to cancel you can be charged anywhere from $14.95 to $29.95 per month. Below we’ve listed the top three sites to get your free credit score online.
Top Sites To Get Your Free Credit Score Online
1. Profinity.com
This is by far the best site out there to get your score from, they offer a 7 day free trial to their credit monitoring program. When you sign up they give you your credit score from each of the three bureaus (whereas other sites only give you access to the score from one of the bureaus). They also make it extremely easy to cancel your account – which you can do at any time by calling them on 1-866-982-9708. If you do not cancel your account within the trial period, you will be billed $29.95 per month.
