
Sears Credit Score
Sears is committed to helping consumers manage their finances. Sears is extending the following benefit to cardholders:
Launch Quick Tour
Credit Score Access
Access your TransUnion TransRisk score at no additional cost, securely online. Your credit score is updated monthly to help you better manage your credit.
Protect yourself by monitoring your credit score
Understand your credit worthiness ranking
Each month your credit score will be automatically updated. Once enrolled, to view your personalized score and details, simply login to Searscreditscore.com .                   For added convenience, you can sign up for monthly email update notifications. Please note that this program does not count as a credit inquiry that will impact your credit score.
Credit Report Card
Use the credit report card to understand your credit score and reports. Learn how the various credit report metrics correlate to your credit score.
Easy to understand A-F letter grades on your key credit metrics
Simple charts that illustrate the relationship between grades and scores
Use your credit report card to understand your credit score. The five key metrics that affect your credit score are graded on a simple A-F letter grade scale. Improving one or more of your credit grades is an easy way to protect your credit.
Track and Optimize Your Score
Your credit score is automatically updated once a month. Use the interactive tools and credit simulator to better understand how to get the most from your credit.
Credit score and report cards updated once a month
Credit Simulator shows how your credit score changes based on different behaviors
Credit scores can be difficult to understand. The credit score simulator will show you how your credit score could change based on 14 common financial activities. In addition, this service will track your score over time so you can see the impact of your actions on your credit score.
Launch Quick Tour
Sears Credit Score Access Important Information:
To access your credit score go to searscard.com, first log-in or enroll in Account Online, click on the Sears Credit Score Access banner or link and then enroll in      the Sears Credit Score website. Certain conditions, restrictions, exclusions and requirements apply, including enrollment to receive valuable products and services offers,      and Sears card account and Sears Credit Score Access website activity requirements. Sears card account must be open to access credit score. See the Terms and Conditions      on the Sears Credit Score Access website for complete details. Sears Credit Score Access is subject to change, including termination without notice.
