Credit Score Scale - Measuring Your Financial Future
     
Your credit score will have a huge influence on your financial life. Your success rate in securing a loan, mortgage or any form of credit and the rate of interest you will pay, hinges greatly on where you rank on the credit score scale.
We live in a society where credit has become an intrinsic part of the worlds economy. We use credit to buy food, vacations, cars and even our homes. In many circumstances, people have become so dependent on credit, that they can no longer live without it.
With the widespread use of credit it is amazing how very few people know about the credit score scale - what it means and how a 3 digit number can impact their financial future.
This credit score scale guide will help you address this issue by outlining how the scoring system works and affects you.
What Is The Credit Score Scale
The scale is used as a benchmark by financial institutions that include bank, insurance companies and  credit card  providers to determine the risk involved in lending borrowers money. It is like a risk assessment that determines the ability of a person to pay back the loan.
To give a persons score meaning it is measured or ranked on a scale. The scale will have a credit score range between 300 and 850. This number range is based on the Fair Isaac or FICO system which is most commonly used by the main credit bureaus and lenders. The position you rank on the credit score range will determine how easy or difficult it will be for you to obtain a loan or mortgage.
The higher up the scale you rank improves your chances of securing the best deals on lower interest rates because the banks will see you as a lower credit risk. In contrast a person with a lower score will be deemed a greater risk and their chances of having their credit applications accepted is greatly reduced. Even if they are successful with their application the cost of borrowing will be higher.
Why Is The Credit Score Scale Used
Banks are in business to make a profit therefore, they want to attract borrowers that can make them the most money. Lending money to a person whose credit history  indicates they have a habit of missing payments and defaulting on loans would not be a very profitable move on the part of the lender.
With the credit rating score scale banks can make a pretty accurate estimate of whether a potential borrower is a good or bad credit risk. The idea of weeding out high risk borrowers may seem draconian to some people. Although, the key aim is to improve the chances of the bank making money, preventing people who are irresponsible with debts can only be a good thing as it prevents them falling further into debt.
How Credit Scores are Calculated
When you apply for a loan to pay for a new car  the bank or lending institution will request a copy of your credit report from each of the three collection agencies. What is contained in your report will help the lender determine whether they should or should not allow you to borrow money.
Your report is a very important and revealing document. The report goes into detail about your financial history, spending habits, credit record, the levels of debts you owe and any negative records that relate to missed payments, loan defaults or bankruptcy . With this information lenders can see how well you have managed your finances in the past and this helps them to predict how well you will manage your debt in the future.
This information is compiled and compared against a number of other factors within your report to determine your level of risk in terms of your ability to repay the loan principal and interest over a specific time period.
 In order to make sense of all the data the credit bureaus boil it down to a simple 3 digit number and this becomes your credit score. Your score places you into a specific risk category. People with a  good credit score   are considered low risk borrowers whereas, a low score denotes a high risk borrower.
The credit score chart below illustrates the following factors that are used to calculate your score;
Criteria
