 
Credit Score Scale 2012
If you are looking for a credit score scale, this article has what you are looking for. Here I present a chart to inform you about how financial institutions will perceive and analyze your credit rating in the near future.
For an economy to function smoothly, there has to be a consistent influx of liquidity, which is infused by financial institutions. If it weren't for open credit lines made available by banks, most of the businesses we see prospering today, may never have taken off. The recent economic recession has taught us the perils that careless use of credit lines can land people in. In this era of multinational corporations going bankrupt, banks are more careful in analyzing loan applications and one of the details which they pay close attention to, is the credit score.
About Credit Score Ratings
Banks, credit unions and other finance institutions need an objective criteria for analyzing the creditworthiness of any person, who is applying for a line of credit. That's what the provision of a credit score accomplishes in USA.
Experian, Equifax and Transunion are the credit bureaus responsible for the assimilation of financial and credit usage related data of all individuals in USA and the calculation of credit scores, based on that data. They all use the FICO algorithm for calculating these scores, which takes many variables like credit history, outstanding debts and past credit usage into consideration. You can get your FICO scores from any of these bureaus. When you apply for loans, the finance institutions scan your credit report and rating to determine your ability to repay them.
The credit rating scale maximum and minimum stretches from 850 to 300. While the highest score possible may be totally unattainable, anything in its vicinity is considered to be an excellent score. Depending on the credit usage history, your score could be anywhere in the range presented below.
Determinants
To maintain a good credit score, you need to understand the determining factors which decide its value. Knowledge of these factors will help you understand how your day-to-day financial transactions can impact your creditworthiness. Here are the factors which directly affect your rating.
Determining Factor
