Most Comprehensive Credit Restoration Company
Doing What the Others Promise
There are many companies out there who are willing to help you fix your credit. With so many different options, how do you decide which one is best for you?
There are a number of credit repair companies that are legitimate and efficient in restoring your good name. Then there are a number of companies that are nothing more than scams. And somewhere in between there are companies who are legitimate but make false promises, offer sub-standard service, exaggerate results, tell half-truths, and/or ignorantly engage in illegal practices.
What Makes Legacy Different Than the Others?
Exceptional Customer Service We pride ourselves on our outstanding customer service, and strive to offer the best in the industry. Our paralegals are friendly, knowledgeable, and happy to address any concerns and answer any questions you may have. We treat all of our valued clients as individuals and will tailor your case to meet your specific needs.
Experience and Expertise Legacy has over 19 years experience. No other credit repair company or law firm in the industry can match our history.          Our background: Several years ago, Legacy partnered up with John Buckley, an attorney who was a pioneer in the credit repair trade. John has a thorough knowledge and keen interest in credit repair issues and continues to study current legislation. As an attorney, who specializes in credit and consumer law, John is able to concisely interpret legislation from which he formulates strategies to best serve our clients. He then passes that information on to our team of paralegals, who handle all client cases.           Although we are partnered with an attorney, and are currently working on establishing other attorney affiliations, we are not a law firm and don't claim to be.          See The Truth About Credit Repair Law Firms to learn how these companies mislead you to believe that attorneys will be handling your case.
On-Going Coaching and Education We also put a vested interest into your future financial well-being by offering credit coaching and on-going education that pertain to many issues in the credit arena. We believe that knowledge is power and that you can become empowered by learning such things as:
how to understand your credit report
how to deal with collectors
how to protect yourself against identity theft
how to repair the damage created by ID theft
how to improve your credit rating
the truth about debt management programs
Values-Oriented Company All team members are held accountable to standards such as:
All individuals are to be treated with the highest respect.
Maintain an environment that thrives on quality, innovation, integrity and a commitment to do our very best.
Anticipate changes and continue to evolve in order to meet challenges in the marketplace.
Make a difference by never losing sight of our team commitment for championing the individual.
Cleanest Record in the Industry It is always a good idea to verify the good standing of any company. Legacy's record shows impeccable customer satisfaction; which is another sound reason to choose us as your credit repair specialists.
Lifetime Membership Once signed-up with Legacy, you are a client for life. Even if you cancel, you can start up again at any time. You only pay the initial start-up fee the first time you sign up, then it is waived every time thereafter.
Cancel Anytime, Risk-Free Guarantee You can cancel services at anytime, for any reason. We also have a warranty, see Warranty and Refund Policy for further details.
Identity Theft Experts ID Theft, one of America's fastest growing crimes, can do tremendous damage to the victim's credit report. For these victims, taking on the credit bureaus and creditors alone usually leaves them with nothing but frustration and a tarnished credit record. Our knowledge and expertise can help undo the damage caused by an ID thief.
Online Access to Track Progress We believe that it is your right to monitor the progress that has been made on your case. Our online client access allows you to see the work that has been done and the improvements that have been made on your behalf. We have nothing to hide when it comes to the fruits of our labors.
Most Comprehensive Credit Restoration Company We believe that we offer the most comprehensive credit restoration services in the industry. Where others will not, we will:
Work with creditors, when necessary, by sending customized Creditor Direct (CD) letters.
Dispute inquiries, which are very difficult to remove. We have a 60%-70% success rate in getting inquiries removed; while other companies feel inquiries are too difficult to confront.
Challenge discrepancies involving personal information on your report.
Assist clients in dealing with collection agencies.
Assist clients in building positive credit, while deleting the negative.
Check out these other insightful tips:
