500 to       579 (Below Average)
Below       500 (Poor/High Risk)
Today’s credit scores affect plenty in your life.  Your credit scores help dictate the amount  you pay for homeowners, renters or automobile insurance.  They also plan an important role in the  interest rates you are offered for all bank or financial loans.  In some jobs in accounting or banking,  employers even look at credit scores to make sure the employee is financially  responsible.
Credit scores range from 300 to 850.  A perfect score of 850 is virtually  impossible to get.  Generally, those in  the 760 to 850 range will be offered the lowest rates and best programs.  Payments will be smaller and application fees  will be lower.  This is the credit score  to aim for throughout your life.  You can  do this by:
Watching       how many credit cards you own:  The more cards you own, or even apply for, the lower your score       will go.  Unbelievably, just having       a company pull your credit report counts against you.
Paying       bills early or on time:  Generally, payments that are a couple days late will not be       recorded on your credit report, but if you pay bills late regularly, your       credit score will take a hit.
Avoid       gathering too much debt:  Your       debt to income ratio is important.  If you have too many loans or credit       cards, your credit score will be low.  Even if you are not using those credit cards, it is the total       amount you could potentially run up that is calculated as your total debt.
Checking       your credit report yearly:  It       is not hard for others to get hold of your personal information and       establish loans in your name.  Credit card fraud and identity theft are at all time highs.  You need to verify that information on       your credit cards truly belongs to you.  If you find accounts of which you have no knowledge, report the       account to the credit reporting bureaus immediately.
Being       cautious after divorce or separation:  It is also common for a bitter spouse to take out credit cards or       loans in your name during or after a divorce.  If this happens, make sure to report it       immediately so that your ex deals with the consequences.
Cutting       up and not using use credit cards:  If you must use a credit card, consider using American Express or       similar cards where you must pay off the entire balance monthly.
A lower rate scale, 500 to 579, does not mean you will be  automatically banned from getting a loan, it means you will be paying a much  higher interest rate.  Generally, the  rates for high-risk borrowers are about double the rate offered to those with  the highest credit scores.  If the  current rate for those with high credit scores is 5.5 percent, you can expect  your rate to be around 11 percent.  Compared against credit card interest rates that are generally in the 20  to 30 percent range, 11 percent is a definite improvement.
Scores below 500 are considered high risk.  Finding a mortgage or refinance loan is still  possible, but you must do some research.  If your score is below 500, please be prepared to pay extra for application fees and  high  interest rates.  There are companies who  will want to work with you to help you get back on financial track.  Do not be afraid to be aggressive when  approaching these companies.  You want  the banks to offer you a loan that is affordable and will help you regain your  financial freedom, not help put wads of your hard earned cash in the financial  company’s pocket.
© AdvantageHomeRates
