Consumer Help Desk
Credit Score
A credit score is a number that indicates how likely a borrower is to repay future debts. Credit scores speed up the mortgage approval process for many people because they identify low-risk borrowers quickly.
The most common credit score used by lenders is the FICO® score, which ranges from 300–850. The higher the score, the better. The FICO score is generated by a mathematical formula (called a scoring model) developed by Fair, Isaac Corp. Your FICO score affects how much money and what loan terms (interest rate, type of loan, etc.) lenders will offer you at any given time. The scores are not based on human judgment. The scoring model applies the same standards to everyone.
You have three FICO scores, one from each of the three credit reporting agencies: Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. Each of these private national agencies collects information about each consumer and keeps it electronically in an individual consumer credit record, called a credit report. To generate a FICO credit score, the credit agency runs the data in a credit report through its FICO scoring model. When the information on your credit report changes, your credit score tends to change too.
For your FICO scores to be calculated, each of your credit reports must contain at least one account that has been open for a minimum of six months. In addition, each report must contain at least one account that has been updated in the past six months. This ensures that enough information — and enough recent information — is in your report to generate a FICO score.
By law, you are entitled to receive one free credit report from each of the three national credit reporting agencies per year. You can order them or view them immediately online at http://www.annualcreditreport.com — after you provide identification information. You also may order your credit score from each agency, but you will have to pay a small fee per score.
Each credit report (see examples from www.creditrepair.org ) includes the following data, collected from creditors and public records:
Identifying information (name, address, employer, Social Security number, etc.)
Debt and payment history on credit cards, student loans, consumer loans, car loans, etc.
Previous collections
Tax liens,  judgments and bankruptcies
Inquiries for new credit
This is how payment and debt information ranks in your score:
Payment History: 35 percent
Length of Credit History: 15 percent
New Credit: 10 percent
Types of Credit Used: 10 percent
These factors are NOT considered in credit scoring systems:
Income
