8 Credit Score Myths You Don’t Want To Fall Victim to
There is a lot of information about credit scores and FICO score out there are wading through it as a consumer is not easy. What is accurate? What are the best decisions to improve or protect your credit score? To help, here a list of ten most common credit score myths you will find and [...]
Background Checks and Your Credit
A comment on a previous post about the credit score scale a commenter asked the question what credit score do employers check?  This prompt a complete research of what I believed was the answer but needed some verification.  The answer is employers actually do not check your credit score, they check your credit reports. The [...]
9 Reasons You Want a Credit Monitoring Service
Have you a ever thought of using a credit monitoring service?  Or are you a skeptic of the whole idea?  You can do it yourself and not pay for it.  Well, here is a short list of the reasons why you should consider it or reconsider it. 1. You Gain Access to Your Credit Report [...]
15 Credit Tips
1. Pay your bills on time. This could be the single best way way to put yourself on the road to a good credit score.  Also, not paying is the easiest way to ruin a credit score. 2. Maintain a low balances. You should try to keep your balances below 30% to 40% of your [...]
What is a Good Credit Score
To be good at anything you need to be better than average.  This seems to be the rule.  So what is the average credit score?  Most sites I found stated around 680. The real truth is this is just a general rating.  The person who really determines if you have a good credit score will [...]
Falling Consumer Credit Scores
August 28, 2009
It should be of no surprise the recent recession has hurt consumer big time. As individuals have lost their jobs paying bills becomes tougher and tougher. And sometimes these payments are paid late or one bill is paid over another. Moreover, as you add in the foreclosure rate, it should be of no surprise that [...]
Can’t Drink No Credit Card
August 27, 2009
The major changes happened to the credit card industry not to long ago and they take effect the beginning of next year.  That is right if you can’t drink you can’t get a credit card.  Well it is not a 100% true but it is close.  You will just have to ask Mom to buy [...]
Your Credit Report Caused Me To Not Get a Job
August 24, 2009
Your interviews went well and you have never been arrested but that default on your credit report could prevent you from getting that job. That is right more and more employers are checking credit reports as a screening technique for hiring.  The most common scenario you might hear to why this is allowed is a [...]
Removing 30 Day Late Payments
August 20, 2009
As you might know 30 late payments can be one of the single worse ways to ruin an excellent credit score.  But getting them removed is both possible and impossible. If you already have an excellent credit score a single late payment could be pretty painful.  You have excellent credit for a reason and any [...]
Using Your Credit Report To Check For Identity Theft
June 5, 2009
A constant threat of identity is something most consumers don’t take the time to recognize but it is growing year after year.  One way to fight the threat is to check your credit report on a regular basis.  If you have become a victim it will be quickly become apparent with a review of your [...]
What Is Considered A Default?
May 8, 2009
A defualt is when you have fall through in paying your obligations.  So where is the line drawn be your accounts between what is a late payment and what is a default? If you have not paid an account in 90 days it most always considered in defualt.  If you then pay this account it [...]
Achieve Credit Card Debt Reduction Starting Today
May 6, 2009
Getting rid of your credit card debts is by no means an easy task. This type of debt is forever growing, and similar to many problems, many people ignore it until it gets out of control. If you owe debt on credit cards then the best thing to do is to take action now before [...]
