Dan’s secret to happiness…
June 30th, 2012
What is the single focus in activity that would keep you absolutely fascinated and motivated for the rest of your life?
The answer to this question is what Dan Sullivan calls your “Unique Ability.” Everyone has one and, by definition, no two people have the same one. That’s what makes it “unique.”
According to Dan (and I agree), the secret to happiness is finding your Unique Ability and then spending most of your time doing things that fulfill it.
So how do you find your Unique Ability?
Listen to this interview with Dan Sullivan . Or download it to your computer here . I recently formed a group of entrepreneurs who are committed to leading passionate lives. As part of this group, I interviewed Dan about Unique Ability. You’ll want to hear this interview, especially if you are an entrepreneur!
When you think you know what your Unique Ability is, make sure it fits the “Unique Ability” criteria. It must be:
Something you are good at, that others agree you are good at.
Something you are passionate about.
Something that provides you with energy. The more you do it, the more energized you become. And others like being around you because your energy gives them energy!
Something that you keep getting better and better at.
During the recording, Dan graciously agrees to give everyone in my networking group a copy of a book that will help them find and work within their Unique Ability. He also agreed to give the book to you, so if you want a copy, follow the instructions that Dan gives in the recording for requesting the book!
I want to respect Dan’s resources, so please request the book only after listening to the entire recording . If you like what Dan has to say, follow his instructions for getting the free book. (You can also download this recording here )
I cheated…
June 22nd, 2012
I’ve entered a bodybuilding contest. If you know what I look like, you know that I’m not the bodybuilder type—not at all. For those of you who don’t know what I look like, here’s a picture … Now, in the interest of full disclosure, I should tell you that the category I entered is “Men’s...
