How can I improve my Commercial Credit Score?
What is the Commercial Credit Score?
D&B's Commercial Credit Score is designed to predict the likelihood that a company will pay its bills in a severely delinquent manner (90 days or more past terms), obtain legal relief from creditors or cease operations without paying all creditors in full over the next 12 months, based on the information in D&B's files.
Back to top
How does D&B define severe delinquency?
D&B created its Commercial Credit scoring system to predict the likelihood that a company will pay its bills in a severely delinquent manner based on the definition that:
A severely delinquent firm is defined as a business with at least 25% of its payments slow and at least 10% of its payments 90 days or more past due.
Back to top
What is the Commercial Credit Scoring System?
The Commercial Credit scoring model is based upon the observed characteristics of hundreds of thousands of businesses in D&B's database and the relationship these characteristics have to the probability of a company experiencing severe delinquency over a period of 12 months.
The Commercial Credit Score uses statistical probabilities to classify companies into three risk classifications, which provide different views of the same underlying data:
A Class: The best choice for an at-a-glance risk assessment. The Class system segments the businesses in the D&B database into five distinct risk groups. The class indicates that this firm shares some of the same business and financial characteristics of other companies with this classification. It does not mean the firm will necessarily experience severe delinquency in payment. Class Scale:1 to 5:(1 = Lowest Risk, 5 = highest risk)
A Percentile: A granular view providing a more specific classification of risk. The percentile shows you where a company falls among businesses in the D&B information base, and is most effectively used to rank order a portfolio from highest to lowest risk of sever delinquency in payment. Percentile Scale:1 to 100:(1 = Highest Risk, 100 = Lowest risk)
A Score: The most granular view providing a more specific classification of risk. The score provides a direct relationship between the score and the level of risk and enables more granular cutoffs typically used in a more automated decision-making process. Score Scale:101 to 607:(101 = Highest Risk, 607 = Lowest risk)
Credit Score Class
% of Businesses within this Credit Score Class
Credit Score Percentile
