Tweet
You have seen the commercials and heard the radio jingles, so by now you know that a good credit score is important. But what is a good credit score? Generally, anything above 700 is considered a good FICO credit score.
But that is not the end of the story. The reality is that a good credit score doesn’t guarantee a loan or mean that you are in good financial shape. A good credit score just gives the lender another piece of information to help determine your credit worthiness. Your ability to get a loan depends on many factors, including your credit report, your credit history, amount of available credit, credit utilization, and other factors. Many lenders even use specific types of credit scores for certain loans. For example, the FICO 8 score is often used by mortgage companies to determine one’s ability to qualify for a mortgage.
Get a free copy of your credit score. You can get instant access to your 3 credit scores with GoFreeCredit.com . Simply sign up for the trial; you can cancel at any time.
What is a Good Credit Score Range?
Your credit score is determined by a proprietary mathematical formula. There are many different versions of credit scores, but the most commonly referenced is the FICO credit score, which is considered the industry standard. Your credit score is based on a weighted formula which includes your payment history, amounts owed, age of credit history, recent loans, and the types of credit you have. The FICO credit scores range from 300 to 850 and a good credit score range is considered 700 – 850. Here are more credit score ranges and their ratings.
FICO credit sore ranges:
FICO credit score range: 300 – 850
Good credit score: above 700
Average credit score: 680 – 700 (depending on source)
Poor credit score: Below 620
Why You Need a Good Credit Score
The FreeCreditReport.com commercials want you to believe you need a good credit score to drive a nice car and pick up chicks. Unfortunately, that’s not quite true. A good or bad credit score doesn’t guarantee a loan or necessarily prevent you from getting a loan. A good credit score will make it easier to be approved for a loan, allow you to have more available credit, and qualify you for lower interest rates when you are approved for a loan. And low interest rates can make a HUGE difference over the life of a loan.
How a good or bad credit score affects interest rates. Loans are available to almost anyone, even people with a poor credit score. But the terms and size of the loan will vary widely. The difference will come in the form of the required down payment or the interest rate you will have to pay. Let’s look at some examples of how good and poor credit scores will affect your payment structure on a mortgage, then on an auto loan. There is a substantial difference in monthly payments between high and poor credit scores, and the payments over the life of the loan should be enough to convince you that a good credit score is valuable!
Effect of Credit Score on 30 Year Fixed Mortgage Rates
The score ranges and interest rates below come directly from the MyFICO website. There are three examples given for credit score ranges and interest rates, one is for auto loans and the other compares credit score and interest rate ranges for 15 and 30 year mortgages. The example below is from the 30 year fixed mortgage at $300,000:
FICO® score
