money back guarantee
Show Us Your Credit. We'll Show You a Higher Score.
Meet the people who can turn any credit report into a better credit report.  Get rid of bad credit and raise your score -- guaranteed.
100% Money Back Guarantee: Get Details
Dear Friend,
There's a good chance you are having some credit problems that are holding you back from getting the things you want (especially with how hard it is to get approved for credit now). Maybe you want home loan, car loan, or maybe you're just paying crazy interest rates. I'm sure I can go on and on, right?
You're About to Find Out How You Can...
Finally get approved for the things you want--with no hassles.
Keep more of your money by not paying inflated interest rates.
Create positive credit and finally get a credit score worth bragging about.
...and so much more.
What happened in the past or what your credit looks like now doesn't matter, you'll be amazed by how easy this will be.
Get Started
"Spending 10 minutes at your website was a lifesaver!" —Becky Wilshire
You are going to save so much frustration, money, and a lot of time. You might think that your credit history will haunt you forever, or that it will fix itself in 7 to 10 years. In a few minutes, you'll discover if this is really true...AND, you'll find out how to raise your credit score—right here.
Now, it's completely normal for you to be skeptical. In fact, many of our customers felt the same way before they arrived at our website—but here is what they found:
"My wife and I were finally ready to get the house we wanted, but we could not get approved for a loan. I found your website, and after just 10 minutes reading it, I realized this was exactly what I needed. Then, I just sat back and let you take care of everything else." —"We're in our new home thanks to you!"
Dan Kocsis Decatur, MI
"...just like you described, I was SO frustrated with my situation. I felt like every time I took a step forward I was really moving 3 steps back! But even worse, I felt like there was nothing I could do about it. Talking to you really woke me up. My life is finally on the right path, and so is my credit. I hope my testimonial will help other people get to where I am now. You're company is a lifesaver! Thanks again!"
Ken & Cathy BowserLockport, IL
"It seemed like every time I wanted something there was another hurdle I had to jump over, and I hated it. I wish I would have known a long time ago how easy it would be to fix my credit.  One of my credit cards had an interest rate that was just about as much as the monthly payment! They finally brought me back down to just 9.9%, I never thought I'd get such a good rate! ...and by the way, I just bought a car for a great deal too!"
Dawn K.Anchorage, AK
Every year there are millions of people—especially now more than ever—that have to live with the cost of having bad credit.
Over 70,000 people contact us every year, so you're defnitely not alone.
These same people are probably in your exact sitaution... denied for credit or maybe over-paying on the credit they do have. It's frustrating, and even depressing (I'm sure you agree).
Here's something I'll let you in on though...
The testimonials you just read were from   people who felt the same way—before they came to our website.  But now   they've made some smart decisions, they have excellent credit, and life is a   little easier because of it.
Most people have no idea that   just one negative item on your credit file could cost   you thousands of dollars and plenty of grief. Getting it removed could be the   difference between SAVING thousands of dollars, or whether or not you get   approved in the first place.
Even if you're not in one of these situations...
There are plenty of benefits you'll have with good credit, which one do you want?
Get a home loan—even in today's market—at an exceptional rate. Pay less than everyone else, for a better home.
Do you want to get approved for a nice apartment finally? You can.
Open a new credit card. Finally relax and not stress about making the payment because it is at an interest rate you can afford.
Finance your "big ticket items", get what you need now without having to pay up front.
Actually get approved--at the lowest rate--for the car you want. (We see it happen all the time)
Keep hundreds of dollars every month by paying less toward interest! Imagine getting back money that you're essentially throwing away each and every month!
Want to go back to school? Start a business? Or maybe apply for a better job? Take control of your life, and do what you want, without your credit labeling you.
Instantly save money--a lot of money--by refinancing your home or car. Pay less and keep more every month! (You'll soon read about a guy that saved almost $10,000 in payments on his car because of the incredibly low rate he was approved for.)
Low auto or health insurance rates. You could save 27% on your car insurance alone!
Need help establishing credit? We will help you with that too. Create a solid track record of positive credit to really help boost your credit score.
This is just the beginning! There are so many benefits, it would be impossible to list them all. We're sure you see the advantages of having good credit though. Next you'll easily see how you can get it.
Here's a Little Known Secret Your Creditors Don't Want You To Know.
There are two acts that were created to protect your   credit rights, the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) which works together in many   ways with the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (FACT Act), and the Fair   Debts Collections Practices Act (FDCPA).  Sound like legal stuff? Well they're   simple to understand—so don't worry. They hold the credit   reporting agencies and your creditors responsible—legally.  This means every   claim made against your credit has to be proven—which is a beautiful thing.
Because this is where it gets good...
Finally doing something about your credit, here's how we're going to do it...
Anyone can get a copy of their credit reports because of those two acts. They'll charge you a $35 fee to get them, but we need to see your reports in order to fix the problems. Once we have a copy of your credit reports we'll go through the negative items (i.e. late payments, outdated or inaccurate information, judgments, collections...the usual) and work to get as many of them legally removed as possible. All the things that lenders, credit card companies, auto dealers, and so on look at when they decide whether to give you that car, credit card, interest rate, or home loan you want.
The bottom line is this:
Anything on your credit report that contains   inaccurate and negative information is corrected or removed, and confirmation is   sent directly to you. We'll go through the credit bureaus right to the original   creditor who placed the negative item on your report if necessary to remove it.   After that, new copies of your credit reports are sent to you listing the   improvements to your credit.
We'll give you an example..
Maybe your credit report shows you have late   payments three months in a row for a credit card back in 2010.  We'll dispute   this with your credit card company and ask for proof.  The truth is, either they   won't respond with the right documentation because they have no record of it, or   not bother with our dispute at all. And just like that, the three months of late   payments, according to your credit report, never happened.  It must come off   your credit report by law.
The same applies for collections, charge-offs, etc.
Many times the companies don't even get back to us,   you would be surprised.  Think about it... You've got thousands upon thousands   of people you have to keep track of, and you get a letter asking you to prove an   event from 2010 for one of your millions of customers.  Companies do not   have time for that and they certainly don't have the staff for it either.  We   know, we've been doing this for over 10 years.  And even if we don't remove it   from your record in the first dispute, we'll send another one, and another after   that.  It's like releasing a highly trained swat team that   has a decade of experience on your creditors.
So what does this mean for you and your credit?
Do you want to get approved for a loan or save money by paying less   interest?  Do you want to improve your credit and raise your score?  It's   simple... The moment we start, that's the moment your credit starts getting   better.
That's the moment you get what you want.
No more sky-high monthly payments on loans and credit cards. No   more high interest rates—it's just money down the drain.  And no more "high   risk" treatment just because of your credit.  Just a better lifestyle, with   better opportunities.
And it starts in just a few minutes from now...
Over 100,000 people since 2001 and counting...
Thousands of people have gotten rid of their credit issues. We have helped over 100,000 people with their credit since 2001. In fact, over 1 million people have been through this website to date. They've saved time, money, and this is what just a few of them had to say about us:
"After your service I knew any idiot (including me) could get their credit fixed. As long as they could click a button they could do this. I went through your site and the next thing I knew, my credit was in good standings."
Robert Marsh Manteno, IL.
"I must give you my highest 5-star recommendation!  We were trying for months and months to get a good home loan.  The problem wasn't getting a home loan though, it was getting one with a good interest rate.  We'd qualify for a 11.5% rate, but who can pay that? After your service, we were approved for a 6.25% rate.  Again, my hats off to you, nice work."
John OrlandoCaulfield, MO.
"I was so glad when I found your site. I checked out a couple other credit places on the net. Most of them wanted to sell me a "do it yourself" kit, and the rest wanted to consolidate my debts, which hardly improves my credit score at all.  I knew I didn't know how to read a credit report, and I didn't even want to try to learn how to fix it for that matter.  Everyone else charges so much to repair your credit.  Your service was the best and anyone can afford it. PERIOD."
Jennifer M.Chicago, IL.
"You saved me $10,000 in car payments!  I wanted to buy a Ford Explorer, but the payment on it would have killed me every month.  I knew it was just a couple things on my credit report that blew the payments up sky high.  Just about a month later after you got them off my credit record, I was driving the truck.  And I could afford it!
Dan BlackburnOrlando, FL.
All the success stories you just read are from the average person, in fact, these testimonials above aren't the most outrageous results you could imagine. They're from people who simply made the decision to let us do something about their credit, and we did.
We provide the highest level service, the best results possible, and you can expect nothing less. You see, other companies who offer this type of service over-complicate it, and unfortunately over-charge for it. (They'll charge you hundreds of dollars in monthly fees.) Which brings me to my next, and final point...
Avoid over-paying for credit repair services:
It's almost funny.  We've looked at almost every   credit repair company on and off the Internet, and not to our surprise, they'll   charge you $500 or more (Some even past a $1,000) on average to "attempt" to repair your credit simply by charging you monthly fees that   add up month after month. Sounds expensive, but it's reality.
Honestly though, it's worth that. The truth is it's   worth twice that. Think about paying $200 less every month on   your car, or on a new car. Imagine saving 6% on your next loan.  What if the   interest rates on your credit cards were 10% less...would it be   worth $500 or even $1,000 then?  It sure would.
This is where you get the advantage over everyone   else though... This is strictly for our Internet customers (YOU) though. Since   the Internet reduces so many of our costs, you won't have to pay our normal   reduced price of
$399
to have your credit repaired.  We've made this   service affordable for everyone.
There's just a $19 setup fee, and thanks to the   savings from the Internet, we'll repair your credit, satisfaction guaranteed, for just 3 easy payments of $89.   No hidden fees or extra expenses because we take care of everything. That's   nothing compared to the money and headaches you'll save.
You can expect to see results within as little as 45   to 60 days from today. Getting your credit fixed once and for all will pay for   the service ten times over, we see it all the time.  I promise.  Or not   only will you get your money back, but we'll even give you an additional $50 for   wasting your time!
Yes, you read that right. Try our service and if we don't repair your credit and raise your credit score, we'll give you $50 for wasting your time. (You'll read our guarantee below.)
And just to take it up a notch, when you sign up by June 29th, 2012 we'll give you 2 great bonuses FREE. We may or may not continue to include these bonuses after this date. But when you sign up before then, you'll get them completely free.
Your First Free Bonus: "The Insider's Guide to Success!"
Your first bonus, the "Insider's Guide to Success" is an e-book that gives you easy to follow guides to financial success. Whether you earn $20,000 or $200,000 a year, it doesn't matter. The tips in this online book show you exactly how to get ahead financially, so you can earn more money with less work! You'll learn how to:
Get the best rate on any mortgage.
Cut out the middleman and get the absolute lowest insurance price.
Earn more income with an investment plan that works for you!
The three steps to a good budget — so there's not more "month" at the end of your money.
Easily become a credit card surfer and save a ton of cash!
Find out a little known trick for buying a new car and get a great price.
Even learn the key steps to starting an Internet business —and succeeding!
And that's just for starters! This e-book alone was sold for over $129 recently. You get it for FREE when you start your service.
Your Second Free Bonus: Save Even More!
When you sign up by June 29th, 2012 you have an opportunity to save even more. Because we'll waive your setup fee if you pay for your service in full. That's like getting almost 10% off just by making one simple payment -- instead of three.
 
We'll Repair Your Credit Or We'll Give You $50 For Wasting Your Time!
We know this is a bold guarantee, but we want you to know there is NO RISK on your part. It's one of the biggest reasons why over 50,000 people have trusted us to repair their credit in the first place. We take on all the risk. But not only is your satisfaction completely guaranteed or your money back, we take it one step further... If you try our service, and after your program is complete there isn't a definite improvement in your credit, then we will give you $50 for wasting your time--on top of your money back.
It's simple, if we don't live up to your expectations for any reason, you get all your money back--no questions asked--period! That is how confident we are that you will be completely satisfied with our service. One way or another, you will have an excellent experience with our company.
So go ahead and get your credit repaired. Save a bunch of time, aggravation, and of course--money! At the very least you'll know where you stand.
Final Bonus For Internet Customers Only
By signing up today you'll enjoy another special benefit you simply can't find anywhere else... As you know we need a copy of your credit reports to begin working on them. If you remember earlier I mentioned there was a fee to obtain a copy of your credit reports.
The fee is normally $35.
Well when you sign up during this marketing promotion which lasts till midnight June 29th, 2012, you not only get the discounted price, and your e-book the "Insider's Guide to Success", but you also don't have to pay the $35 for your credit reports. You also don't have to send them to us like every other credit repair company makes you do before they start. It's included in your service.
We get them for you -- at no extra cost -- so we can get started right away. It's another example of how we always go the extra mile over everyone else!
You see, other credit repair companies will charge you something like a "$99 set up fee and $39 a month." These monthly fees other companies charge go on for months, and many times past a year. Now you do the math, that's over $500, and some companies will charge you more! They drag out their service just continuously charge you month after month. It is incredibly frustrating.
That's not even the worst part.
The worst part is on top of all that they expect YOU to get your own credit report and send it to them before they even start! This is all on top of the $99 set up fee and the $39 or more they charge you every month. When it's all said and done, you're paying over $597 and you still have to do the leg work of getting and faxing your credit reports to them (every month). NO thank you!
We keep it simple. We do the leg work--so you don't have to. We work on all three credit reports (Transunion, Experian, and Equifax also known as CSC ) and repair your credit in six months or less, at a price you can afford. Award-winning quality service, advantages you can't find anywhere, and a complete satisfaction guarantee to show you that we stand behind every promise we make.
As mentioned, we have looked at every option to repair your credit that you can imagine. None compare to this. None. You won't be able to find one. I can assure you that. We've spent the last 10 years making ourselves the best option for credit repair. (Besides if you're like most of our customers you've done your homework and you know this is hundreds of dollars cheaper than anything else you'll find.) Plus you get all the great bonuses!
Finally, remember this is simple...
There are Four  Easy Ways to Get Started
After you fill out the quick order form you'll receive a welcome letter and e-receipt sent to your email address. Then one of our friendly representatives will contact you within the next 48 hours. They'll congratulate you on your smart decision to get your credit repaired and answer any other questions you may have. We'll be in contact with you every step of the way, in fact, after you sign up you'll be brought to our customer support center which is in place to support you through every step of the process. We always keep you updated and informed, plus you can even call or email us anytime throughout your entire 6 month service!
There are four easy ways to start your credit repair service...
1
The fastest way to get started is through our Secure Server online . By ordering online you'll receive your "Insiders Guide to Success" the same day. So you can start creating the life you want--immediately.
2
If you do not have a credit card, and you would like to sign up for the service using a check, you can use our Secure Check Online service .
3
You can also call us toll-free at 1-866-382-3410 (24 hrs a day, 7 days a week), but keep in mind, when you sign up over the phone it takes 48-72 hours to get your "Insider's Guide to Success", instead of the same day like ordering online.
4
You can also mail or fax in your order as well. Click here to print out an order form to mail or fax.
Quick Sign-Up Online!
Remember, the fastest way for you to get what you want is to order online through our secure server. You'll receive the "Insider's Guide to Success" right away so you can start creating the kind of success you've always wanted, plus you'll get your welcome call and e-receipt right away.
Also, we look forward to hearing from you by e-mail or letter telling us all the benefits and money you saved with good credit. We'd love to read all about it, and might even ask if we can post it on our website as a testimonial.
To your success,
Scott Elhenicky
CEO, Duo Studios Inc.
P.S. Don't forget that we promised you just ONE of the benefits you'll have from getting your credit fixed will pay for the service ten times over. If not, remember that you have a 100% satisfaction guarantee...PLUS...you can even still keep the "Insider's Guide to Success".
P.P.S. If you don't do this...what else are you going to do? Your credit will not fix itself. Take advantage of this opportunity. You have nothing to lose--and so much to gain!
© 2011 DSI Solutions. All Rights Reserved Worldwide.
