"Are You Tired of Being Denied  Credit? "
And Tired of Finding That No One Wants to Help You Understand Why?
In Credit Score Freedom You Will Learn Exclusive Ways To Quickly And Legally Improve Your Credit Scores So You Can Always Hear 'Loan Approved'.
Elaine had  been through a divorce.  She had two  small children to raise and was getting no help from her ex-husband.  They were getting along o.k. until life took  its toll.  She developed a tumor behind  one of her eyes.  Surgery was necessary  to remove the tumor.  But, it was no  simple surgery. 
 
The process required  removal of the eye just to get to the tumor in order to remove it.  Once the tumor was removed the eye was  replaced.  Then it was necessary to  stimulate the nerves of the eye in order for Elaine to regain her vision.  The healing process took months.  She missed a lot of work and racked up some  hefty medical bills above and beyond what her insurance would pay.
Not long  after she had recovered and gotten back to work it was necessary for her to  have additional surgery, a thyroidectomy.  
Then as if  life had not given her enough burdens to bear, the company where she had worked  for 15 years downsized and she lost her job.
It wasn’t Elaine’s  fault that she was soon buried in financial trouble with no way out. Her credit  report became a mess and her credit scores dropped to an all time low. 
Years later  Elaine fell in love with a small house she accidental stumbled upon one  day. 
She called  about the house having no idea how she was going to be able to buy it for  herself.  Her angels must have been  guiding her because she happened to call someone who had made a mission out of  helping good people raise their credit score.  That person was me.
After following  the instructions she was given to improve her credit scores, Elaine soon celebrated Christmas in her new  home.  It was the first time in her 51  years that she had ever owned a home of her own.  Tears streamed down her cheeks as she was  handed the keys and walked through the front door of her new home for the first  time.
Plus her  improved credit scores allowed her to get a new car and save $88.00 a month on her new  car payments.
All of this  would never have happened if Elaine had not had the privilege of knowing "The CreditLady’s" tips and techniques for raising her credit scores.
You too can have a new home, a new car  and more with the techniques you learn about how to improve your credit score with Credit Score Freedom.
OK, Let me  introduce myself.  Those that I have helped call me "The CreditLady".  And I am here to give you some very  insightful and little known secrets for improving your FICO score.  
I have been  a Mortgage Loan Consultant for years.  I  have guided many people in making their FICO scores sky rocket. 
Early on in  my career I became extremely frustrated and just plain out mad when I  realized that good people just really have no place to turn to get real honest  help with their credit problems.
I tried  referring clients to Credit Repair Specialists and was really disappointed with  the advice they were given.  In most  cases their scores when down instead of up.
So I soon took  matters into my own hands and resolved to help as many people as I could get  their life back on track, have the things in life that they desire and regain  the respect from others that they deserve.
As you can see from  Elaine’s story your FICO Is Just
Like Having Extra Money In The Bank!
Not only that, you gain awesome respect from
others.  Doors of opportunity begin  to open wider
and wider for you each day.
Imagine how  much better your life would be if you had access to more money.
Everyone  desires a better life.  You may think your  problem is that you just don’t make enough money.  When  in fact what is really holding you back is your credit score.
Don’t let your FICO hold YOU back another day?
Just about  everyone who can, buys things on credit.  And those with good credit scores pay a lot less for things than  those with bad scores.
A car  payment for a new $24,000 car will be $690.43 for someone with poor credit  and $469.59 for someone with good credit. 
That is $220.84 a month less that  the person with good credit pays for their car payment than the person with  poor credit. 
Over a five  year period the person with good credit pays out $13,250 less than the person with poor credit. 
This is $13,250 that this person can  use to buy more nice things they desire for themselves and their family. 
A house  payment on a $150,000 home will be $528 a month less for the person with good  credit than the person with poor credit.  And now adays the person with poor credit may not even be able to get a mortgage at all.
What could you buy each month with  an additional $528?  Over the 30 year mortgage period  this will amount to a difference of $190,000.  The person with good credit will buy a lot more things for themselves  and their family with that extra $190,000 saved on their home alone.
The savings doesn’t  stop with your car payment and house payment.  The poor credit person pays more for credit card interest, bank loans,  retail store items bought on credit, etc.
Cell phone  companies require a large deposit from someone with poor credit scores and this  is just more money that you don’t have available to spend on other things you  desire.
The bottom line is that  people with good credit have more money to spend than people with poor credit,  because they pay a lot less for everything that they buy.
Some people  think that everyone else makes more money than they do.  Not really.  They can have more because they pay less.
 In this day and time to have all of the things  that you desire out of life, it is almost essential that you buy items on  credit.  Very few people pay cash  for a new car or a new home.  Even the  wealthy want to use other people’s money for all of their investments so that  they can retain their cash for themselves.
So where do you stand?  Do you just barely get buy from pay check to pay check?
Do you rent?
Do you want to buy a new home?
Do you need a new car?  
Do you want to take a nice       vacation? 
Do you just want more food on       the table?
Do you want to send your children       to college?
Do you need a new wardrobe?
Are YOU paying too much for the things that you do have, simply because your credit  scores are poor?
Isn’t it time to let the proven methods in Credit Score Freedom make your dreams come true?
Like  Elaine, you CAN raise your credit score and have a better life.  Yes, you may have made some mistakes in the  past that have had a negative impact on your score.  But you don’t have to continue to pay for  those mistakes the rest of your life. 
There  are ways to fix your credit score.  You  just need some guidance on how to get your scores out of the muck.
And that’s where "Credit Score Freedom " can help.
Paying off  a bunch of old collections is not the answer.  And if you have not tried to increase your credit score in the past because you think you need  a lot of money to pay off all those old collections; then wait no longer.  Paying off all your collections will  probably lower your score anyway; not raise it.
I want you  to have your dream home, that new car and all the other good things in life  that good credit can bring you. 
When I  first started working as a mortgage loan consultant I found that I had to turn  down many applicants for new homes because their credit scores did not meet the  minimum required to get a mortgage.  Or,  if their scores met the minimum requirement, it was still so low that the  interest rate they had to pay just to get into their new homes was almost twice  as high as someone with good credit scores.  The higher interest rate would often keep them from even getting the  loan at all because the house payment would be so high that they could not  qualify because their debt to income ratio was then too high.
For  instance, Jessie had a monthly income of $2002.00.  She only had a car payment of $319.  The house she wanted to buy was $84,900  including the closing costs.  Because her  scores were so low the interest rate that she would be charged would make her  house payment be $218.88 higher than if her credit score was good.  This house payment of $876.61 along with her  car payment made her debt to income ratio to high to qualify for this small  home that she so loved.  Had her  credit scores been better she could have easily qualified.
The other  thing that I begin to notice was that the people with low credit scores would  have to pay much, much higher rates for their home insurance.  I had one couple that was quoted $1605 for  insurance on an $89,000 house.  I asked  the insurance agent why it was so high only to be told that insurance  premiums are also credit score driven and that this couple’s low score  was the reason for their high premium.   Insurance for this priced house should have been around $580.
I was  personally meeting and talking with all of these people and would feel their  disappointment when their loan was denied.  I could also see that with very high house payments, very high insurance  payments and very high car payments that  it was almost impossible for these people to ever get ahead in life.  Life would always be an uphill struggle for  them. 
I began to realize that people with  good credit have more money to spend on things that they want because they pay  less for the things in the first place.
People who live in beautiful homes and drive  fancy cars don’t pay cash for these things; they too buy them on credit. But, their good credit score ratings allow them to have more house for the same  amount of money because their interest rate is much lower.  Take a look at the following table to see  what I’m saying:
Price of House               Credit Score            Interest  Rate              Monthly  P&I
   $150,000                              580                        10.50                         $1,372.11
    $150,000                               680                          6.50                         $   948.10
The people that I had been working with were  good people.  In most cases somewhere  along the way life had just dealt them a seemingly unfair blow of some kind.
Some had gone through an ugly divorce and the spouse had
failed to make payments on a previous joint account.   This
was unbeknownst to                  the borrower until  their credit was
reviewed for the new house loan.
Some had previous overwhelming medical bills for unexpected
and uninsured health problems.  Some in years past had lost a
job and was unable to keep their payments current during  this
period. 
Some had simply gotten behind on their bills when their  incomes
were affected by one spouse being in the service and  suddenly
sent over seas.
I resolved to help  these people to improve their credit scores and to turn their lives around for  the better so  that they would be able to buy a nice home at a decent interest rate.
I began  referring these people to a credit repair specialist that we had on staff.  It was almost like they went into a deep dark  hole.  After months I would check with  her to see what progress she had made with my clients.  I was extremely disappointed with her  results.
I decided  to take things into my own hands.  I  began to read all the credit repair material there was out there including the  information published by the credit bureaus themselves. I began recommending to  some of my clients that they take some of these steps to repair their credit  and to improve their credit scores.  Boy  was I surprised and embarrassed when their scores actually went down instead of  up.
The more I worked with people to improve their credit  scores the more frustrated I became with the credit bureaus and all their  secrecy about their scoring models and what it was really going to take to  raise their credit scores. 
What I found was that we were cleaning up people’s credit, but not  raising their scores.
So, I began  working with people one on one applying one change at a time, taking slow steps  to see what actions would actually cause their scores to go UP; not down.  After about a year I had finally figured out  the moves that would really raise someone’s credit scores.   Before long I began getting phone calls from  people who said that their friend had told them to call so they too could buy a new home.
I have  continued to apply these techniques to help hundreds of clients raise their credit scores  and have a better life.
Here are just a few examples of success from users of the same information that you will find in your copy of Credit Score Freedom.
Myrene only needed to increase her middle score by 30 points to buy a house she really wanted. After following the same directions laid out in Credit Score Freedom, Myrene was able to improve her middle score by 34  points and get approved for  a mortgage on a nice 3 bedroom, 2 bath home at a very decent interest  rate with no money down.  And she  still has quite a few collection items that she did not have to pay off to make  this happen.
Making a  correction to just one item, Jerome raised his credit score by 14 points.  That was all he needed to purchase the  investment property that he wanted.
George and  Doris were in their late 50’s.  They had  never owned a home of their own.  A loss  of job and a heart attack had forced them to file bankruptcy a few years earlier.  Their income was made up of disability  retirement and social security.  Their  daughter had created some collections on their crdit report by falsely using  her mother’s social security number to get her utilities turned on and then  failed to pay the bills.  By using the  information in Credit Score Freedom  they were able to improve their credit scores and purchase a nice 4  Bedroom, 2 Bath home that they will be able to enjoy the rest of their  lives.
Jay  had no established credit.  His scores were zero. After following the instructions given in Credit Score Freedom  Jay was able to establish alternative credit  and was  able to buy his first house after many years of renting.  Jay had a few collections and when they were  paid off he still had zero scores.  His  new house payment along with the other tips from Credit Score Freedom will build him a really high FICO  before long.
Very good info that is presented in an organized and easy to understand manner.                                                                               JoAnne, Huntsville,AL 
I can tell you this,  paying off all your collections is not the answer.  Knowing what I know now I can quickly tell a client what steps to take  to raise their credit scores fast, so they can get into that new home, buy that  new car or whatever it is that they so badly desire to have in life.
Raising your credit score is not hard and it can be done fairly quickly.  You just need to know what things to do and  how to do them to increase your credit score.
The other  thing to keep in mind is that the Credit Bureaus are in business to make a  profit by collecting and providing credit information about you to prospective  lenders.  They are not some government  agency that is going to throw you in jail over your credit.  As a matter of fact, the government has put  in place laws that protect your rights with regards to your credit and the  credit bureaus. 
The credit  bureaus are just like any other business.  They have employees and they make mistakes.  The difference is that they seem to take no  responsibility for their mistakes that so greatly impact your lives.  Your credit score may be bad simply because  someone else’s bad credit is on your file.  But it will take your time and effort to get all this corrected with no  apologies from the credit bureaus for messing up your life.
I  have put all my experience and knowledge into a detailed guide, Credit Score Freedom , so you too can  experience the benefits of a good credit score.  I want you to be able to get into the dream home you want; or buy that  new car you so desire and deserve.
I give you all the insider tips that I have acquired along the way so  that you too can apply the same steps to raise your credit score fast.
I also  share with you how to get one on one help from me to analyze your particular  credit situation and recommend the specific steps in the guide that you need to  apply in order to raise your credit score and make your dreams of a new home or  new car come true.
Credit Score Freedom will give you all the details, including  contact information, so we can work together on improving your credit score.
Now you  might think that after all the time I have put into working with folks to come  up with what really works to improve credit scores, that I would want a lot of money for this  information.  You may even think that you  might have to pay hundreds of dollars for this valuable information.  Not true.  Don’t forget that I’m just as frustrated as you are with the credit  bureaus and the negative impact that their secrecy and mistakes has on good  people’s lives.  I want to help as many  people as I can to improve their credit scores and thereby improve their  lives. 
Raise Credit Scores  
I have  included in Credit Score Freedom all  the tips and secrets that I have learned from years of working with others,  like you, so you might be able to see your score go up, up, up.
And, I’ve  made if very affordable so you too can make your dream of a  better life come true.
Think what doors will  open up for you when you have GREAT credit scores.
With  a new home in a better neighborhood your children can have a better chance in  life because of the better schools that they can attend
You  can invite more affluent friends into your home
Affluent  friends and the stability of homeownership bring better job opportunities
You  can drive a safer, fancier car
You  can have nice furniture
Investment  opportunities open up to you
Vacations
 
 
I know, your thinking this is going to cost a fortune. I know other products like this can cost as much as
$197
.  For those who truely need help, I think a more reasonable price would be
$47
. But, because I have personally worked with so many people and have seen the pain of their situations, I want to help as many people as possible. So for now, I'm going to mark the price down to just
$37.
And that includes the special bonus offered below.
As you can see in the past this product has sold for $47 and during special promotions for $37.
However, since improved credit scores are so important during these hard economic times I want to do my part in helping the economy get back on track and to help people like you  get into a home of your own or, that car that you need. So, for a limited time I am going to offer this helpful information to you for the greatly reduced price of just $17.
So download your copy of Credit Score Freedom instantly and get started right now Raising Your Credit Score to Financial Freedom and get yourself back on the road to recovery.
 
Purchase Online by Secure Paypal Server
 
It doesn't matter if it is 2 o'clock in he morning!
Major Credit Cards & Paypal Accepted
No Paypal Account Required for Credit Card purchases.
After completing your payment you will be directed to a page where you can instantly download your copy of Credit Score Freedom and get started improving your credit scores right away.
If you have any problem after purchase downloading your copy of Credit Score Freedom just send an email with your Receipt Transaction id to custserv@creditscorefreedom.com and we will be happy to assist you.
If you  follow the steps outlined in Credit Score Freedom you will be  able to raise your credit score in just 60 days.  And to be fair you may return the Guide anytime within this 60 day period for a  100% refund.  I take all the risk so you  can raise your credit scores and put more money into your life by paying less interest on  all your major purchases.
SPECIAL BONUS:
And if you  order now you will receive a  valuable FREE BONUS.  My personal email address and 5 Free Assignments so I can assist you  every step of the way for up to three full months(a $297 value). 
Yes, that’s correct.  I will   assist you with any additional questions you might have as you proceed to raise  your credit scores.  So, if you think you  don’t understand all this stuff well enough to make it work for you, don’t  worry, I will answer your questions via email so that you can be successful.
But, you must order now in order to get this  free bonus. Because of my own time constraints I'm not sure how many people I will be able to make this valuable bonus offer to.
Think about  it.  What would you do if your credit  score was not holding you back? 
Would you  go on a nice vacation with the extra money?
Would you  send your child to college some day? Think how proud you will be on  graduation day!
Would you  join the ranks of the affluent and walk proudly through life?
Your life would certainly be a lot easier!
Whatever  your goals, let’s get your life back on the good track! Order your copy of Credit Score Freedom and get started right NOW!
(Updated with Fair Isaac FICO Scoring Model Changes effective Jan., 2009)
Thank you,
