Versión Española (Spanish)
Credit repair information and free credit reports for debt consolidation and debt settlement.  Our do it yourself credit repair and debt settlement guides are free and easy to use.  Low-interest credit cards for bill consolidation or secured credit cards to rebuild your credit after bankruptcy are found on our site.  Using our proven techniques for debt settlement and credit repair, you can increase your credit score and obtain low interest loans with better credit.
Credit Repair
FREE credit repair guide gives you step-by-step instructions on how to fix your credit on your own for little or no money.
Need help repairing your credit?  We have teamed up with the leader in credit repair, Lexington Law , to offer you top notch credit repair services at a very affordable price.
Just how much is bad credit costing you?  Check out our examples and you will be amazed at how much more you spend when you have bad credit.
Watch our credit repair videos starring Kristy Welsh and Nookie. This 12-part video series teaches you about credit repair, debt settlement, and bankruptcy.
Visit our online bookstore where you can find our popular book " Good Credit is Sexy ", over 150 sample letters to use in credit disputes and debt settlement, or our most popular eBook, " Suing Your Creditors ".  These and many other tools in our bookstore will start you on the road to fixing your credit and increasing your credit score.
Learn how to add postive credit to your credit report and how to rebuild your credit after a bankruptcy.
Free Credit Reports and Credit Scores
Want to see your credit score, but you don't know which credit report and/or monitoring package you should buy.  Fear not - We've done the homework for you! See our complete credit report comparison chart.
Now that you have your credit report, what does it all mean?  We have it all broken down so you can read and understand your credit report and get you on the road to financial freedom.
Learn how to increase your credit score in 30 days. Is your mortgage interest about to go through the roof?  Need to refinance but your credit score is too low?  We have methods that will help you raise your credit score.
Lenders are using more than just your FICO score.  Check out these new credit scoring models bank and credit card companies are using to determine your credit worthiness.
Credit monitoring is an essential part of credit repair.  We have some companies we recommend when it comes to monitoring your credit report and credit score.
Debt Settlement and Debt Elimination
We've recently published the 3rd Edition of our popular eBook, " Settling Your Debts ".  This must have eBook shows you the do-it-yourself methods to save 50% to 70% on outstanding card balances and how to settle your debts for pennies on the dollar.
Over your head in credit card debt?  You are not alone!  We'll show you how to reduce your debt and make the most of your monthly payments.
Medical debt is the number one reason for filing bankruptcy.  Don't become burdened by medical bills, there are other options to filing BK.
Our ebook " Turning the Table on Your Creditors ", is a guide teaching you how to win money suing your creditors while repairing your credit.
Do you have a judgment against you? Find out FREE how to vacate a judgment without paying a dime!
Credit Cards and Credit Protection
Check out our guide to credit cards for those with bad or no credit. We also have lists of recommended secured credit cards , prepaid and debit cards , and student credit cards .
Looking for a credit card with a low interest rate or a great cash back reward? Check out these credit cards for those with good to excellent credit .
Have you been a victim of identity theft or maybe you just want to protect yourself. We have a list of identity theft protection companies we highly recommend.
See Our Free Tutorial on How to Use the Creditinfocenter.com Website. (2 minutes)
 
Latest Blog Posts
Economic Geography: Recovery By State, County, City [REPORTS]
Though the ultimate conclusion drawn from two new reports this week is a no-brainer - that economic recovery varies by state, county and city- some of the numbers relative to personal income and employment may surprise you. Thu, 28 Jun 2012 15:00:05 +0000
Read More
No Doubling of Student Loan Interest Rates: Senate Reaches Deal
Just in the nick of time it looks as though we will see an extension of legislation to keep student loan interest rates from doubling on July 1. Wed, 27 Jun 2012 15:00:31 +0000
Read More
Why Do I Have “Risk Factor Reason Codes” on my Credit Score? I’ve Never Been Late!
Q. I was approved for a credit card from my credit union. However, I received a letter from them showing factors that adversely affected my credit score given to them by Experian. The reasons were (1) Too many consumer finance company accounts & (2) Lack of recent bank revolving information. I currently have 4 open [... Tue, 26 Jun 2012 15:00:30 +0000
Read More
Poor Economy Immune to Either Candidate? [POLL]
In an Associated Press-GfK poll that voters shared their thoughts on the impact either Obama or Romney could have on the economy, and jobs specifically. Mon, 25 Jun 2012 15:19:17 +0000
