Absolutely Free Credit Score - How to get one?
Here's how to get an absolutely free credit score
You may have noticed a few TV commercials offering an absolutely free credit score lately letting you know that your credit score affects a lot of your life. They can affect what kind of interest rate you get on your credit cards, your auto loans,  your home loans and even your insurance rates. So it is to your benefit to know what your credit score is.
Check                      the Situation That Best Applies to You...
And                      Then Click the Button Below to See Your Credit Score Absolutely Free
I want my free credit score
I want to apply for a loan
I want to buy a home
Just curious
So how do you get an absolutely free credit score ? There is no free government  credit score like there is with credit reports so in many cases you have to pay for your score if you want to see it. This can cost you anywhere from $15 all the way  to $45 if you want to see all three of your credit scores. However, there are ways to get your credit scores totally free.
What you have to do to get an absolutely free credit score is sign-up for a free  trial offer of credit monitoring and when you do you will get a copy of all 3 of your free credit scores from the major credit reporting agencies - Experian, Equifax,  and Transunion. Then if you decide to trial of credit monitoring is not for you you can just cancel and keep your scores. If you do not cancel, you will be charged a  monthly fee of around $10-$15 for credit monitoring which has several benefits namely which is preventing identity theft.
Absolutely Free Credit Score:
Why is A Free Yearly Credit Score Unavailable from the Government?
Lots of people have the wrong impression that they can also obtain a free credit score once they have obtained their free yearly credit reports. The three major credit  bureaus (Experian, Equifax, Transunion) will help you to have your credit report in order for you the state of your business. Also, it will give you the chance to  change those factors that can affect your business. You should also have the understanding between a credit score and credit report in order for you to avoid any  troubles.
In addition, you need to know the difference between the two in order to help you to go in with your business accordingly. The three major credit reporting agencies  will be your best help in determining your credit report. Alongside the government credit reports, they will give the most comprehensive report that you need to know  in order to help you with your business. These three credit bureaus have been authorized by the government to provide a free copy of your credit reports yearly.
Every year, they are giving free credit reports in order for these companies to know the position where they currently stand. However, you need to know that only one  copy of this report is free. Any other copies that you will have mean that you will have to pay for it. Same goes with the issue concerning your free yearly credit  score. If you want to know whether you have good or bad Experian, Equifax, or Transunion credit score, you will have to pay for it.
Companies under the government can only provide free credit reports, but if you are seeking for your absolutely free credit score, you need to pay a separate fee.  However, there are several companies that can offer bundled service for you, they can provide you your credit report and at the same time, they can help you to know  your credit score absolutely at no cost at all. Truly, this factor is quite confusing to people but once you get the hang of it; you are good to go.
In general, it is important for you to seek for your credit report in order to help you determine your creditworthiness and how likely you can get approved for a low  rate mortgage loan on a home you want to buy.
This is where you can enhance those areas that are needed to be improved in order to maintain your credit. Your free yearly credit score with trial credit monitoring  will likewise help you to successfully apply for a loan that can help you to further enhance your finances. All you need to do is to have your credit score from  several companies in order for you to effectively assess the best way to help you continue with your business.
(Click                      the button above to see your free Experian, Equifax, Transunion credit scores)
Corelogic CREDCO Credit Reports And Credit Scores From Experian, Equifax, Transunion
When you are in the process of shopping for a mortgage loan there is a good chance that your 3 credit reports and 3 credit scores will be pulled by a company called Corelogic Credco, formerly known as First American Credco. You will find a tri merged credit profile that will show your credit scores from Equifax which will be called your Equifax Beacon 5.0 score, your Experian FICO-II score and your Transunion FICO Classic 04 score.
And you thought you only had one score to know.
Corelogic Credco says they provide about 33% of all credit reports and credit scores to mortgage lenders, mortgage brokers and other lending institutions for consumers looking to buy or refinance a home. You will have to pay for these reports in your closing costs or you can ask your mortgage lender to waive them which they may. It would be nice if they provided you with 3 absolutely free credit scores!
According to MyFICO the FICO credit score range is from a low of 300 (which is a bad credit score) to a high of 850 (which is a perfect credit score) but that is not what you will see when you view your credit scores from Credco. The Equifax Beacon 5.0 credit score range is 334 to 818. The Experian FICO-II credit score range is from 320 to 844. And the Transunion FICO Classic 04 credit score range is 309 to 839.
As you can see those credit score ranges are a little odd compared to the ones provided by MyFICO which are nice and clean and end in round numbers. So that it probably why they say the range is 300 to 850.
Corelogic Credco is a credit reporting agency just like Experian, Equifax, and Transunion. But it provides its credit reports to mortgage lenders instead of consumers like the major credit reporting bureaus. (You can check your 3 credit reports free yearly from annualcreditreport.com ) Normally how your mortgage lender will use your 3 credit scores is they will throw out the high and low scores and use the middle one for your credit score on your mortgage application. They do not take all 3 scores and give you an average credit score.
You won't know which credit score will be used so that is why it is important to know all 3 scores. You can check your 3 credit scores free online and see how a lender will view you when you apply for a mortgage. This way you can see if your scores are a little low and you need to work on reducing your credit card debt and paying all your bills on time and then check them again in 6 to 12 months and reapply for a low rate mortgage loan with better credit scores.
The more you know the better off you will be. Check your 3 absolutely free credit scores first from Experian, Equifax, and Transunion before you see them on your Corelogic Credco tri merged report.
Absolutely Free Credit Score:
