Credit Solutions
Disclaimer: For Legal reasons, this website provides general credit report information only.  Please consult with a financial attorney or credit advisor to discuss any legal or financial issues involved with these or any credit decisions. Information here is not to be taken as legal advice.
Your Credit Report
     What is a credit report? Basically it is a file on you with a lot of information on how you have managed your money. Within it, it reports on your address, how you pay your bills off, legal issues such as criminal records, if someone has sued you, any bankruptcy issues.  Anyone wishing to apply for a credit card, mortgage loan, car loan etc may want to be familiar with their credit report . This report will have an impact on your ability to receive a loan and at what rate from a financial institution. It will also help you to see any areas where you need to do some work on in order to change that rating. If you have ever applied for a loan and wondered why you where denied or recieved a surprisingly high interest rate, it very well could have something to do with your credit score. Also on a side note, you may want in look into various forms of debt help.
     But how does one go about looking at it? especially knowing that there are many entities entitled to view your credit report. These are various lenders, insurance companies, renters and employers.
     The information within this site will help you to find out what your credit report is and how to determine what it means to you.
     The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) allows consumers to obtain a copy of their report once every year at their request. The reason why you want to keep an eye on this is not just if you have bad credit. There are also times where there are errors on it. You want to make sure your credit history is accurate. You could end up paying a higher interest rate and premiums just because of an error. There is also the issue of fraud in the form of identity theft. This is on the rise and you want to protect yourself against such issues. Learn how credit rating works and how you can take benefits.
Also be aware that lenders often require other information before they give you a loan. Because the report itself does not by itself, provide all the information they are looking for. Other issues to a lender are how much you make, how stable your job is, and what your assets are worth.
     Read through the listings on the left of this website for more information on credit repair. If instead, you are looking at overcoming your debt, consider consulting a professional debt consolidation company to investigate your debts. You may be surprised as to what they can do regarding lowing not only your interest rates but also the overall amount owed. In many cases you may also find that debt settlement lawyers could help you to actually eliminate some of your debts. While debt consolidation and credit repair are different issues, they can often be similarly related. If one is doing the work by themselves as apposed to authorized debt consolidation companies, one must be extremely diligent because self debt consolidation/settlement can result in a poor credit rating. However there are tricks in many cases that experienced companies know so that these debt help practices will not hard your credit report.
You can get payday loans right over the Internet without leaving your home. Apply for quick cash today! UK residents visit cashloans.org.uk .What people don't often understand is that if they are needing some quick funds and friends/relatives or your boss will not provide a cash advance, that there are established trusted companies providing just this service that often do not require collateral or even faxing anything over to them. From my experience they are even cheaper than borrowing money from a credit card and they provide accommodating payback options.
Credit cards can carry with them high interest rates. However often there are introductory rates that are very low. But we all know once the time passes on these intro rates, you are back to the normal charges. Credit cards do carry with them the ease of use that everyone is familiar with but you may want to compare your current card(s) to find out the best credit cards out there. You may find certain incentives and additional benefits such as travel points or cash back. We just recommend paying off your credit card bills asap and be aware of the interest charges of cash withdrawals.
"I couldn't believe it! I checked over my credit report and found an error from an issue I thought I had worked out years ago. By using your information I was able to clear it up and could then get that loan I wanted at a lower interest rate than previously expected"
If you live in the UK, you will also have the choice of selecting an IVA which stands for individual voluntary arrangement. Essentially it is a legally binding agreement with your creditors but it can help you get out of debt. Typically they last for a 5 year term but one of the benefits that exist is that after this time, an amount can be legally written off. It could well be worth your time to inquire into such an option. An IVA provides flexibility and can help you avoid bankruptcy.
End Creditors chasing you with IVA help. Use the following IVA Calculator to find out how an IVA could benefit you.
For other free debt advice you can visit the above site.
© 2011
