Career
Home – How to Fix Credit Score Yourself?
I am writing here to share some of the tips on how to fix your credit score.  Living with debt or bad credit can be very stressful; I used to have a good credit score even though I have high balance on some of my credit cards.  I tried to make the minimum payment every month to make the credit card companies happy and maintain my good credit score.  Until I lost my job two years ago, I started to be late on the payment, and finally stop making any payment at all on my credit cards.  I really don’t want to do that.  During the first six months after I had been laid off from my job, I found some part-time jobs, and at least I can make some income to pay my monthly rent and the groceries.  Facing the difficult choice of either making the payment to my credit card companies or paying my daily expenses (Rent and food), I believe no one will blame me that I chose to put food on the table rather than feeding the credit cards during that time.
I will post more information in my next post.  How do you fix your credit score? Please share your idea if you have any experience.
Tips for fix Your Credit Score
Since I found a new job last year, I just want to start fixing my credit and bring things back in order.  I knew that if I didn’t fix my credit, it would be very difficult to find any loan when I want to buy a car or even a house in the future.  If any bank did give me a loan, the interest rate (APR) would be sky high.  I really didn’t want to wait until it is too late to repair my credit report.  I knew it could take some time.  I have been doing a lot of research on the internet on how to fix my credit score or improve credit.  My goal is finding some information that I can do it myself without spending a lot of money.  I don’t mind buying a book or subscribing a service if they can help me to dispute credit history or fixing the bad debt on my credit report.  According to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) – “Everything a credit repair clinic can do for you legally you can do for yourself at little or no cost”. I understand we may not have much time and patience (specially the knowledge) to do the work right.
So far, I found this book  Credit Repair Intelligence System (Click here ) that has a lot of very good resource and step by step process on how to fix your credit report and improve your credit score.  It also explains how the credit reporting work and how to do your credit dispute yourself.  I tried some of the method, and it did remove some of my late payments.  I am going to keep working on it for other different negative records on different credit card company.
If you have any idea and good resource from your experience, feel free to share it with me by leaving some comment below.
Service to Repair Your Credit Report
In the two past months, I had sent out some dispute letters based on the guideline I learn from the Credit Repair Intelligence System ; it really helps me to remove some of the negative items and late payments from my credit report.  Last time I check my credit sore from CreditReport.com , My Score raises around 40 points. I still have some dispute in process; I will expect my credit score to go up even more (maybe 20-30 points) in the next two months.  (By the way, you will need a credit monitor service in order to track you credit score change on a monthly basis.  The one I am using is CreditReport.com ).
There are so many credit repair techniques you can find from this Credit Repair Intelligence System.  I am going to list some of them here, but you will find there are much more from their website.  All these techniques you can do it yourself.
It gives you TWO SPECIAL LETTERS you can use to pay off your bills for as little as 35 cents on the dollar!
The “Special Phone Number” you can call (little known secrets) about all those $5,000 to $10,000 credit cards they promise you with NO Security Deposit and NO Credit Check!
The bible also reveals the secret “3-Step System” for credit repair that some Attorneys and Credit Repair Clinics charge up to $1500 for.  Once you know it, you can virtually do it free.
The “hidden truth” about creating an Alternate Credit File (and the only 100% legal and ethical method you can use to do it yourself!)
Credit Repair Attorneys $1,500 secret to removing Bankruptcy, Judgements , Evictions and Tax Liens from your credit report (and how you can do it yourself practically FREE!)
How to legally get up to 20 years of excellent credit history added to your credit report in less than 45 days (another secret that’s worth the entire cost of the course!)
One easy phone call that can cut your credit card payments in half (a life saver if you are “up to your neck” right now!)
How other consumers have REMOVED damaging Charge-Off’s, Repossessions, Student Loans, Collections, Late-Pays, and Inquiries from their credit reports in less than 30 days
This is just part of it; you will have to go to their website to read the full description. Let’s face the fact; we’ve all had some credit problems in the past.  But don’t let it get you down!
If you don’t want to do it for yourself or you don’t have time to do it, there is a one online service called Lexington Law I heard from my friend.  It cost $39.95 a month.  They will do the work for you and you can keep track the progress online.  You can stop any time if you don’t want to continue the service.  My friend used this service and the result is very good.  Actually I heard from two other people who had also use Lexington Law (click here ) service and have a good experience.  I’m thinking of using this service myself too just to save me some time and all those follow up work.
