Was this article helpful? 1 0
Credit Score Rankings
By Jennifer Quilter
Credit score rankings are the foundation of understanding what your rating means, which is really the foundation of all your financial endeavors. Whenever you go to apply for an apartment, a loan, and even a job, people will look at your rating. If you don't know what your rating means, you won't know what to expect in these circumstances, or how to make them better.
The truth is that every company decides for themselves what numbers they think are bad, acceptable, good, or excellent, so reactions will slightly vary from place to place. We can get a general range, however, and make changes from there.
Credit score rankings go from about 350 to 850, with people on either end being extremely rare. Most people will have ratings between 450 and 750.
When you are under 600 you are in a bad place. Towards the top of this you may be able to find people to work with in some instances, but for the most part you won''t be able to get loans or make other financial goals possible.
People in between 600 to 650 are still in an iffy place, but for the most part your rating is acceptable. You will be seen as a risk, however, and your interest rates on loans or insurance will be very high.
Ratings between 651 and 680 should always be acceptable, but your interest rates are still unfavorable.
A good place to be is between 681 and 720. This is a strong score and you'll have a nice interest rates, sometimes you'll even be offered the best rate at less competitive places.
Anything over 721 is excellent! You'll get the best interest rates and most flexibility out of companies because they'll want to keep you as customer.
Your rating is calculated based on information in your credit report, so if you don't like where you fall on this range, or you want to look at keeping things clean to keep your rating up high, you'll want to look at your report and see if there are any things you could be doing better to look better to creditors.
While this can all be very confusing, knowing all of this will help you take control of your finances and move forward. Hopefully this information has shown you where you stand, and where you'd like your credit score rankings to be.
For more information on what all those numbers mean check out the Credit Rating Scale or read about what lower scores will get you with low credit score loans .
Did you find this article helpful? 1 0
Get Involved
