EMPIRICA®
The FICO score is the most commonly used credit score in the United States, it’s also used somewhat in Canada and a lot of other countries have based their scoring model on FICO.
This score is a three digit number that can range anywhere from 300 to 850. It’s calculated by looking at the data which is found in each individual’s credit report. Because each credit bureau collects their own data, there are sometimes discrepancies between each score – although these are usually quite small as most data furnishers (the companies that supply the bureaus with the data) typically report this information to all three of the credit bureaus.
The scoring criteria for FICO is well known and can be broken down as follows;
Payment History – 35% This portion of your score is focused around your payment history. A ‘good’ payment history will include paying all bills on times and no loan defaults. An ‘average’ payment history will include paying most of your bills on time and no defaults on any of your loans. A ‘poor’ payment history is usually indicated by a lot of bills being paid late and in some cases defaults on loans.
Credit Utilization Ratio – 30% Your credit utilization ratio is worked out by dividing your credit used by the total credit you have available to you. A high credit utilization ratio (0.3+) will negatively affect your score, whilst a score of 0.1-0.3 will improve it. Anything under 0.1 is considered neutral for the most part – this is because lenders cannot earn interest on those who don’t have debt.
Credit History 15% This is the amount of time you’ve had credit for. The longer you’ve had credit the better, this is because all of your other information is considered more stable as the data has had more time to accumulate. There’s really nothing you can do about this – unless you’re young without credit.
Recent Searches For Credit 10% Whenever you make a hard inquiry (apply for a new loan) your FICO score usually goes down by around 1-2 points, you’ll typically get these points back within a 6 month period. These inquiries will also show up on your credit report. The real problem arises when you apply for a lot of different loans in a row, this can ding your score by as much as 100 points. This is because while the inquiry appears on your credit report, the result does not. Somebody who has opened a lot of new accounts in a short period of time usually has a high delinquency rate and as such this causes your score to plummet.
Other Factors 10% The last ten percent of your credit score is made up of other factors, the other factor that accounts for the majority of this 10% is something called types of credit used. Having diversity in the credit types you use is seen as a good thing, so it’s important that you have a history of both installment and revolving loans as this will increase your FICO.
