How NOT to Respond to a Credit Bureau “Frivilous” Letter
by admin
If you’ve ever tried repairing your own credit, then you’ve probably gotten a “frivolous” letter from one of the big 3. You know the one… “We already investigated this item and we won’t investigate again unless you provide more proof.” Now you may have heard some “experts” tell you to send proof to the bureaus, [...]
Guaranteed Credit Card Approval
by admin
Crystal asked: I am trying to get approved for a credit card. My credit to debt ratio is %11(credit) to %89(debt)and my credit score is 700. I have one credit card and I am the cosigner to my car. My total debt is 19,000 paying $401.00 a month. All payments paid on time. I get [...]
How Does A Joint Account Affect My Credit Score?
March 17, 2011
Victor asked: I am looking to raise my credit score. I currently have a 598 score. My wife has a good score. I am looking to try and piggyback on one of her credit cards to increase my score so we can get a better mortgage rate. The bank said that this would not raise [...]
Is a Collection Worse Than a Charge off?
March 17, 2011
Joseph V asked: I have a debt that is being charged off. They are offering a settlement, but if I pay it in full or settle, it still will show as charged off. How much much will each option effect my credit rating? Will it be the same either way since it is charged off? [...]
Disputing With Creditors And Collection Agencies
November 1, 2010
Alon asked: Can you do something if the creditor responds that the account was sold, but they still reporting negative information? A: Let’s say you have a credit card account with American Express and you go 90 days without making a payment. At this point AMEX is likely to charge off your account and send [...]
Can Removing A Negative Remark Decrease Your Credit Score?
October 25, 2010
If you’ve ever wondered whether or not removing a negative item, like a late payment or charge off, can decrease your credit score… the short answer is YES. While your payment history makes up 35% of your score, your debt ratio and mix of credit make up 30% and 10% respectively. Often times, when you [...]
