How to Get Your Free Credit Score Online
By Brandon Cornett
© 2011 All rights reserved
The editor of the Home Buying Institute sheds light on one of the most confusing topics in consumer finance -- the free credit score.
You've seen it advertised on TV and in the newspaper. You hear it on the radio, and see it splashed all over the Internet. It's the elusive free credit score. But every time you follow one of those offers to get your free score online, they ask you for a credit card number. They want you to sign up for some kind of monthly service.
Does this sound familiar? I'm betting it does, because this is one of the most common questions we receive from our readers: How and where do I get my free credit score? Rest assured, you'll understand how it all works by the time you finish this tutorial.
In a nutshell: You can get your credit score from several online sources. But it usually comes with a price tag or subscription fee of some kind. Some companies offer the free score as part of a larger offer, such as an identity theft protection. You can also get your free credit score during the loan-application process. If the lender rejects your application or gives you less favorable terms, they are required to give you a written disclosure that includes your score. If neither of these are an option, you can simply purchase your scores individually -- usually for less than $20 each.
Credit Reports & Scores - How It All Works
The previous paragraph tells you everything you need to know about the world of free credit scores (and the offers associated with them). Let's talk more about how these things work. For starters, I want to explain the difference between your reports and scores. This is another concept that confuses many consumers.
Credit reports and scores are not the same thing. They are closely related. In fact, one is used to create the other. But they are two separate things. Here's what you need to know:
Your credit report is a documented history of your financial activity. You have three of them, and they show how you have borrowed and repaid money in the past. This information is fed into a software program to produce your credit score, a three-digit number. This number will range from 300 - 850 on the FICO scale, or 501 - 990 on the VantageScore scale. This FICO score is more commonly used by lenders.
You can think of your credit report as a bunch of historical data compiled into a single record. Your score is a numerical representation of this data. Lenders use it to determine how well (or how poorly) you have managed your debts in the past. It's a numerical indicator of risk.
So, given all of that, how do you get your free credit score? First, you need to understand another important distinction between these two items. Note the difference below:
There is no federal law that entitles you to a free credit score. *
There is a federal law that entitles you to free credit reports.
According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), you are entitled to receive one free credit report per year, from all three of the reporting agencies. You can get them online, and all at once, by visiting AnnualCreditReport.com. This website is jointly owned by the three reporting agencies mentioned below. You will see promotional "freebie" offers on other websites, but the site listed above is the only one that is actively monitored by the Federal Trade Commission . It is the official website that coincides with the FCRA legislation mentioned above.
* You might be legally entitled to get your free credit score when shopping for a mortgage, an auto loan, etc. We will discuss this in section #2 below. But this rule does not apply to all consumers across the board -- only to those who are applying for some form of financing. 
With that introduction out of the way, let's talk about the two different ways you can get a free credit score.
1. Get Your Free Score Online, as Part of a Monthly Service
In the United States, there are three companies that gather credit-related data on consumers. They sell this information to lenders and creditors, and even back to the consumers themselves. It's a business model, and a highly profitable one. It's also highly regulated by the federal government.
The three companies that do this are:
Equifax, founded in 1899 and headquartered in Atlanta, GA
TransUnion, founded in 1968 and headquartered in Chicago, IL
Experian, founded in 1980 and headquartered in Dublin, Ireland
No, that's not a typo for Equifax. They really have been around since the late 19th Century. This company is truly the grandfather of the consumer data industry.
You can get your free credit score online from each of these companies, but (usually) only in conjunction with some kind of monthly service. You sign up for the monthly monitoring service, and then you receive your scores. It's an enticement tool, sort of like getting free checking when you sign up for a bank account.
Current Offers as of March 2012 *
Here were the offers featured on their websites, at the time of publication:
Equifax had monthly plans for credit monitoring / identity theft protection, and two of the three plans included scores from all three reporting bureaus. Plans ranged from $16.95 to $19.95 per month. They also offered "single use" products for people who don't want to pay for an ongoing service. With this option, you could purchase your Equifax credit score for $15.95, or all three reports and scores for $39.95 (a one-time fee in both cases).
TransUnion offered a free credit score (TransUnion only) for customers who signed up for their monthly monitoring service, which was $16.95 per month. There was also a 7-day free trial of this service. So, in theory, you could sign up for the offer to get your free credit score and then cancel before they started billing you. I did not attempt this, so I cannot attest to whether or not it works out that way. The website did say you could "cancel anytime during the trial period free of charge." Just be sure to read the rest of the fine print as well.
Experian had a $1 special offer on their home page when I visited. The page with the order form said you would have "instant online access" to your Experian credit report and score after placing the order. I did not see any mention any kind of monthly service, so it may have been a straight offer for just the score. Not free, but pretty darn close.
MyFICO.com is the company that created the FICO scoring model used to produce credit scores. Their website offered a 10-day free trial of their "ScoreWatch" monitoring service. After the trial period, the cost of this service would be $14.95 per month. Through this offer, you could get free credit scores from two of the three reporting bureaus -- Equifax and TransUnion -- but not from Experian. It also includes your reports from those two bureaus. Here again, you could cancel during three free trial phase to avoid being charged anything. If you do not cancel the trial and allow it to convert to a regular subscription, the website states that "a 3 month minimum subscription applies." You can also buy two of the three scores individually from this website, without signing up for any monthly plans. More to follow on this.
* Though I make every effort to keep this article updated, these offers may have changed by the time you read this. Visit the websites of these companies for the most current information about credit scores and other consumer products.
So what have we learned from this section? We learned that you might be able to get your free credit score online through any of these four companies, by taking advantage of the trial offers they promote from time to time. You could sign up for a monthly service to obtain one or more of your scores (from Experian, Equifax and/or TransUnion), and then cancel the subscription before the trial expires. Just be sure to read all of the fine print to make sure this is possible. The offers and details vary slightly from one company to the next.
We also learned you can buy your scores individually from these companies, as a "single use" item. We will talk more about this option later.
2. Getting Your Credit Score from a Lender, as Part of a Disclosure
Editor's note: This is not a web-based strategy for getting your credit score. With this option, your score will probably be delivered on paper, as part of a disclosure statement from the lender. You could receive this notice in the mail, or at the lender's office. But while it's not an online strategy, it still deserves to be mentioned in this tutorial.
In 2011, a new law took effect that requires lenders and creditors to give you your credit score for free, anytime they make an adverse decision toward you. For instance, if you apply for a car loan and get slapped with a higher interest rate because of your credit, the bank or lender must show you your score. The same goes if you are denied a loan for some reason.
This new disclosure rule was added to the Federal Register on July 15, 2011. Here are the parts that relate to this discussion:
"Section 615(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) also requires a person to provide a notice when the person takes an adverse action against a consumer based in whole or in part on information in a consumer report." Among other things, this notice must include "(1) A numerical credit score used in making the credit decision; (2) the range of possible scores under the model used; (3) up to four key factors that adversely affected the consumer's credit score (or up to five factors if the number of inquiries made with respect to that consumer report is a key factor)."
Translation: If a lender decides to give you less-favorable rates or terms as a result of your credit history, they must notify you in writing. They must also include the credit score they used when making this decision. So, in essence, this is another way you can get your credit score for free.
Of course, if you're not currently applying for a loan of some kind, this does not apply to you. In that case, you'll have to use option #1 (mentioned previously) to get your free scores. Or you could just purchase them individually, as described below.
Buying Your Credit Scores from FICO or the Bureaus
We've discussed two ways you can get your credit score(s) for free. You can get them online as part of a monthly monitoring service, perhaps by taking advantage of a trial offer and then canceling the trial. And you can obtain them directly from a mortgage lender or other creditor, if and when they make an adverse decision about you.
But what if neither of those are an option for you? If you don't want to deal with a trial (or regular) monthly subscription, then method #1 does not apply to you. If you're not currently applying for credit, then method #2 is out as well. In this case, you are left with a third option. You can simply buy your credit scores from any of the companies mentioned earlier.
A Fair and Reasonable Fee
The United States federal government loosely regulates the cost of these scores. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (FACTA) states that the reporting bureaus may charge consumers a "fair and reasonable" fee for access to their scores. The only problem is that the exact definition of "fair and reasonable" is not quantified anywhere. The cost has risen by more than 200% over the last eight years. In 2004, the average cost of credit scores ranged from $4 to $8. In 2012, the average cost was around $16.
These companies offer monthly services because it's a better revenue model than one-time purchases. But at the same time, they realize some people do not care for subscription-based services. So they also sell the scores individually, as "single use" items. This means you buy it, and you're done. There is nothing to cancel, and no recurring charges of any kind.
Here was the individual pricing I encountered during the course of my research: *
MyFICO.com offered TransUnion and Equifax scores for $19.95 each, or $39.90 for both.
Experian offered their score for $14.95. There was also an option to get all three scores (from all of the reporting bureaus) for $39.95.
Equifax distinguishes their products as either "subscription based" or "single use." Over on the single-use side, the product pricing was very similar to Experian's -- $15.95 for just the Equifax score, or $39.95 for all three of them.
On the TransUnion website, I could not find any information about buying the score by itself. Everything steered me toward their free credit score offer, which includes the monitoring service mentioned earlier.
* This information was last updated on March 8, 2012. Be sure to check the websites of these companies for their most current pricing information. Always read the full details of each product, so you know what you're getting (and what you're not).
Conclusion and Summary
We've covered a lot of information in this tutorial. Now you can see why there is so much confusion around this topic. At least now you know the answer to that common question: How and where can I get my free credit score online? Here's a summary of the key points covered in this article.
Summary of Key Points
Seven key concepts to take away from this lesson:
Credit reports and scores are not the same thing. The information contained in your bureau reports is put through a computerized scoring system, which produces a three-digit number (your score).
Federal law entitles you to receive one credit report per year from all three of the reporting companies, at no charge. But there is no law like this that applies to scores.
You can get your credit score for free by signing up for a monthly monitoring service, such as the programs designed to prevent identity theft and other forms of unauthorized usage.
You may be able to cancel the aforementioned monthly subscription before the trial period expires, thereby avoiding any charges or fees. Just be sure to read all of the fine print before subscribing to any of these programs.
You might also get a free score when applying for some form of financing, such as a car loan or mortgage. If the lender (A) denies your application, (B) charges additional fees, or (C) charges a higher interest rate due to your credit, they are required to give you your credit score along with other disclosures.
In addition to the options above, you can also purchase your scores individually. The cost is typically less than $20 for each individual bureau.
If you have any questions about this topic, you can post it on CredBetter.com.
Have Questions About Free Credit Scores?
If you have questions about anything discussed in this article, you can post them to our brand-new discussion forum. I'm a moderator on the forums, and I try to respond to every question posted within one business day. You can get also get feedback from other consumers, due to the social-networking capabilities of the website. Visit www.CredBetter.com to learn more.
You can also use the search tool located at the top of this page to learn more about free credit scores. You'll find more than two-dozen additional articles in our library that cover this subject.
Where to Go Next
