Tweet
A credit score is a quantified expression of the creditworthiness of an individual.  It is obtained from information derived from credit reports of the three major credit reporting bureaus .
This information is then interpreted following a process of statistical analysis.  In the United States the primary system used for determining credit scores is FICO .  This system is used by TransUnion and Equifax . Experian does not use the FICO model; using in its place a system organic to their company which they call "PLUS."
Credit scores are used by prospective lenders in determining the qualification of a loan application .  They can also be used by landlords , prospective employers, insurance companies and utility companies to determine the credit risk associated with a person.
Understanding FICO Scores
FICO scores can range from 350-850.  The median score is that of 723.  When a prospective lender views a FICO score, each will have their own degree of gradation related to potential risk, but in general a score below 620 is classified as having "bad credit."  A score near 640 is usually classified as having "decent credit."  A score above 650 is viewed as having "good credit."  A score above 720 represents a person having "excellent credit."
What Affects FICO Scores
A FICO score is determined by means of a statistical analysis model, and habitual financial practices are reflected in them and subsequently compared to the population at large; as well as through specific demographic prisms.
History of payments on current liabilities, the amount of outstanding debt , credit that is actually in use, newly obtained lines of credit and past credit history all affect the final FICO score.
http://www.myfico.com/CreditEducation/WhatsInYourScore.aspx
Monitoring FICO scores through any of the three major credit bureaus can also help detect mistakes or fraudulent use of one's credit history .  These two factors can also have a serious impact on one's credit.
Credit Score Basics
