Learn What Makes Up Your Credit Score Chart
Credit Score Chart
How to read a credit score chart
The pretty colors on a credit score chart can either make you smile or make you cry.
Most companies looking at your credit score chart will look at your FICO credit score.  This chart is made up of the following factors:
Payment history, amounts owed, length of credit history, new credit and types of credit used.  The greatest factor in your credit score is whether or not you make your payments on time.  You must pay diligent attention to payments you owe.  If you feel you are going to fall behind, you need to immediately call the company and work something out to make sure you maintain good credit.  Showing good faith will encourage the lender to work with you and you won’t get reported to the credit bureaus for missing payments.
I can’t stress this enough.  Even one late payment can make your credit score tumble.
The second factor is the amount you owe.  If you make your payments on time, but all your credit cards are maxed out, you have two car payments, a mortgage, and a medical bill, then you are really in trouble.  Just because you can make your payments doesn’t mean you should max yourself out.  The credit companies pay attention to this, because any change, such as a job loss could really put you in crisis where you may not be able to pay your bills.
What does a credit score chart look like?
At the top of the page are a few credit score charts you can look at.  Once you get your free credit report, it should have one of these charts on it, so you can see how you are doing.  The average credit score in the United States is 678, which is in the Fair range.  I think we know with the way the economy has been, that most Americans are in trouble.   Take a look at this credit score chart below:
We’ll look at the biggest factor, payment history.
This is payment information on credit cards, retail account, mortgage, installment loans, etc.
This will also show if you have been delinquent or have any debt collectors after you.  Also included are any bankruptcies, liens, lawsuits, or wage garnishments.  The amount past due, how long past due, and how long ago you were past due all plays a part of this factor.  You can see that many things influence this piece of the pie, so it really is important to pay your bills on time, and not buy things on credit that you do not need.  Otherwise, your credit rating could be adversely affected.
Who uses your credit score chart?
You would be amazed at how far-reaching your credit score is in your life.  Many employers are now performing credit checks on new hires.  Although this may not seem fair, they may use it as a judge of character.  If you have a repeated history of not paying your bills, what would make you a good employee that is punctual and performs their duties well.
Your automobile insurance company will also give you better rates if you have a higher credit score.  Apparently if you are fiscally responsible, you may be more responsible on the road.  We all know that when you apply for credit or a mortgage, that your credit score chart is scrutinized. However, it has more impact than that, as you are learning now.
You can improve your credit score by taking some big and small steps.  First, get a copy of your credit report for free.  Go to each of the big 3 credit reporting companies and get your copy.  Check everything over.  Make sure that you don’t have anything delinquent listed that does not belong there.  When I checked mine, I found that they still showed an old loan as open.  I just sent in the proper paperwork and it was corrected.  If you have any old credit cards, do some research and see if you should close them.  If you haven’t used them in years, it should not hurt your credit score to close them.  Some people would argue differently, but if you have a bunch of cards open you are not using, then there is the potential for someone to steal them, or, in a creditor’s eyes, for you to go out and rack the charges up, possibly leaving them in the lurch if you owe them too.
There are many ways to fix your credit, but first you need to be informed.  As the first step, get your credit report and check out your credit score chart.
