Your credit report contains records of your financial history as reported by the three major credit bureaus including Equifax, Transunion, and Experian. Credit reports are used by businesses and financial institutions to evaluate potential borrowers credit worthiness.
What Information Does It Contain?
On your credit report you can expect to find general information such as your name and address, prior employment, credit history, outstanding debt or loans, credit card accounts, and credit inquiries. You credit report keeps a longstanding record of your financial history going back seven years which is why it is important to know exactly what it contains and how it can affect your credit score.
How Is Information Collected?
The information on your credit report is reported to the credit bureaus by credit card companies and financial lenders. This information is collected electronically with updates usually sent every thirty days, however there is no set standard for how often updates need to be sent. Besides credit card accounts and loans, your credit report can contain other records from tax agencies, local and federal courts, and even the post office reports your current mailing address.
How Long Do Records Remain On My Report?
Most information on your credit report remains for around seven years. The good news is however that negative financial records that could hurt your credit  have set expiration periods:
Bankruptcy: Chapter 7 filings remain on your credit report for ten years, Chapter 13 filings remain for seven years.
Charge-offs: Remain for seven years.
Closed accounts: If the account was paid on time all the time, it will not expire as its a positive record. Late payment accounts will remain for seven years.
Collection accounts: Seven years after the last late payment was made on the original account.
Inquiries: Credit inquiries remain for two years.
Late payments: Seven years from the date the payment was marked as late.
Judgments: Seven years from original filing date.
Tax liens: If the tax lien is unpaid it can last fifteen years or more. If the lien has been paid it will remain seven years from the payment date.
Reporting Inaccuracies
If you feel there is inaccurate information on your credit report it is suggested that you file a dispute with the credit bureaus. Since  each credit bureau is a separate entity from each other, you will need to contact each credit bureau separately. Once recevied the credit bureaus have thirty days to investigate the dispute and if they agree that their is an inaccuracy they will remove the disputed record and send you an updated credit report. If the dispute cannot be confirmed you will receive a letter explaining why the information cannot be removed from your credit report.
Who Uses Your Credit Report?
Your credit report is used by many organizations including lenders, insurance agencies, credit card companies, landlords, courts, utility companies, employers and basically any company that would have a reasonable need to access your credit record to evaluate your finances. These organizations still need your permission to obtain a copy of your credit report unless otherwise noted.
Credit Report Monitoring
Because of the importance of your credit report you want to make sure your information is accurate and up to date at least once a year. You can view your credit report for free once a year by going to the annual credit report website at www.annualcreditreport.com and verifying your information. While the annual credit report website does provide a great way to get your free annual credit report, unfortunately your credit score is not included in the service. If you wish to view your credit score or monitor your credit report more closely you can sign up for a credit monitoring service which will allow you to access your credit report whenever you want.  By checking your credit report regularly you can report any inaccuracies or signs of identity theft to the credit bureaus that could negatively affect your financial standing. In the long run, making sure your information is reported accurately on your credit report could end up saving you lots of money on future purchases.
Featured Articles
Credit CARD Act Changes
The final batch of consumer protections from the Credit CARD Act have taken effect,  these changes have dramatically changed the ways that credit card companies operate and have benefited the consumers in numerous ways.  So what changes as a consumer, are you likely to already be seeing?  Less Interest Rate Hikes   The new law now only allows the interest rate to change under certain circumstances, these include promotional rates, variable rates or late payment by the card holder. … [Read More...]
Get Your Free Credit Report
Once per year, each consumer is allowed access to to his/her credit report at absolutely no charge. All you have to do to get your free annual credit report is go to the annual credit report website located at www.annualcreditreport.com and enter in your information. The free annual credit report service is limited to just your 3 bureau credit report, access to your FICO score is not provided, nor is credit monitoring provided at annualcreditreport.com.  Many credit report sites will offer to … [Read More...]
Improve Your Credit Score
If you plan on making any large purchase in the near future, you may have already noticed that difference in rates between even someone with excellent credit and someone with good credit can be quite substantial. Knowing your credit report will help you with lenders who have very strict tiered lending policies with little to no wiggle room.  It is common for lenders to have multiple tiers for different kind of credit scores. Because the tiers represent different levels of risk, the less risk … [Read More...]
Credit Scores
