Tweet
It doesn’t matter if we like credit scores.  It doesn’t matter if we agree with credit scores.  They’re here to stay so we might as well know our score – and we shouldn’t have to pay for it.
This article will show you how to get and monitor your credit score – for free – without a credit card.
Who to trust
I work to find the best “free credit report” services so you don’t have to.  I research them, try them, and compare the offers to see who has something worth using.  Who do I trust?  Mmm, several – but I like Credit Sesame the best.
Free credit score and more
Credit Sesame offers a 100% free personal finance credit and debt management tool with no credit card required or trial period. Their mission is to make managing credit, owing less in interest, and saving money on mortgages and other loans easy through their online interface.
Here’s how Credit Sesame’s tools help you, for free:
Free Credit score and profile alerts – They provide your score and alert you of any changes to your score and credit profile, for free, for life, without taking your credit card to do it.
Manage your credit and debts - Automatically track and monitor your loan and debt information and tell you how you’re doing by showing your loans, debt and credit all in one place. You’ll know where your credit score stands every month, and understand how to improve your debt situation .
Showing you more ways to save – They monitor the lending markets and track data from major banks so you can check back daily to find out if they’ve found ways for you to save by consolidating debt .
Goal planning for the future - Wondering how much you can save if you had a better credit score or a higher income? They have a “What If” section that lets you see how much you’ll save and what you’ll be prequalified for as your financial situation changes.
Personalized mortgage refinancing options – Refinancing saved us more than $40,000 over the lifetime of our mortgage.  Credit Sesame applies bank analytics to your credit profile showing you the best home refinancing options available to help you save on your home loan .
How Credit Sesame makes money
Credit Sesame makes money when you save money.  If they find you a higher interest paying bank account and you sign up, they earn a commission.  If they find you a better home refinancing option and you take their advice, they earn money.  If you never take their advice it doesn’t matter, you still have access to your free credit score and all the tools for life.  That’s why I’m telling you about it as the best option out there to get your free credit score without having to give your credit card number.
What is my credit score?
I used Credit Sesame to get my free score.  793 baby! After you  visit Credit Sesame and find your free credit score , share your score in the comments… see if you can beat my score of 793!
Enjoy this quick video showing my score along with a brief overview of the Credit Sesame interface.
(if you don’t see the video in your email click here to watch .)
What is your score?
After you visit Credit Sesame and find your free credit score , share your score in the comments… see if you can beat my score of 793!
My friend Neal over at WealthPilgrim.com, a Certified Financial Planner, also highly suggests using Credit Sesame to get your free credit score with no credit card , but he didn’t share his score… is he afraid my 793 will beat him?  Mwhahahah!
