Monday, 30 August 2010 21:05
GrandMaster James McMurray
Founder of Moo Hap Sool Hapkido
Shiai Magazine: Hello brother James McMurray, welcome to Shiai   Magazine “The International African Martial Arts Magazine”. Can you tell us   about your life and what brought you in the practices of martial arts?
GrandMaster   James McMurray: I was born in Georgia into a family of nine, with me being   next to the youngest. My family migrated to Pennsylvania when I was 5. I had   always been small for my age, so my mother use to take me with her when she   went to clean house for the rich people. We did not have much, we were poor,   but I did not know that because my mother always had a meal on the table, and   we always had clothes to wear. I do remember that even though we got new   clothes, they never came in a package or had tags on them, but they were clean   and ironed.  At the age of 12, I was with my mother as she was cleaning a   house in an all white neighborhood. I was always allowed to play outside, but   I always had to stay out front and could only go the length of the block. But   this one day, I turned the corner and went down the block. Across the street,   I say a sign that said KARATE. Did not know what that word was, but it drew   me to it. When I looked through the window, I saw these people in white   uniforms, I first thought that it was the KKK and I got scared and ran back   to my mother. I did not tell her because I was not allowed to leave from the   front of the house. About two weeks later, I was sitting on the porch as my   mother was cleaning the same house. When I looked up, I saw those same   uniforms running, coming towards me, I froze because I thought they were   coming to get me... but the continue to run pass, but they smiled at me as   they went by. Now I was confused. When they turned the corner, I had to see   where they were going, so I "sneakily" followed them and saw them   go into that building. I went over and slowly peered through the window. They   were punching and kicking the air and making loud noises. The more I looked   the more intrigued I became. I went back a few more times and got bold enough   to try to do some of the things that I saw. One day a man who was the leader   came out and asked me what I was doing. I was so scared, I did not say   anything. Then he asked me if I wanted to learn Karate. I nodded my head and   he told me it would cost $15.00. I told him I did not have $15.00. He made   a sound with his mouth and shook his head to the side. I left, but could not   get those images out of my mind. A week later, I went back and looked through   the window. I even tried to imitate some more of the moves I saw. It was near   the end of the class and when they finished, they left, but that same man   came out to me and asked if I know how to empty trash cans and sweep floors.   I say yes and he told me that if I emptied his trash cans, swept his floor   that he would teach me Karate. I told him that I would have to ask my mother.   He said if she said it was okay, then he would teach me on Saturday after the   last class was done. When I told my mom, she stated to say no, but I guess   she saw how much I wanted to do it so she agreed. That was how I started   Karate, cleaning the instructor's school and then having about 1/2 half hour   training with Dr. Ralph Lindquist in the style of Isshin-ryu. He eventually   gave me an old-faded uniform that scratched me when I put it on, but I had my   own gi and white belt. I felt so special. The training lasted for about three   years, One half hour each Saturday until I was 15. That was the start of my   martial art experience.
 
Shiai Magazine: with your long practices of martial arts have you   encounter African Martial Arts?
GrandMaster   James McMurray: Yes, my first encounter was with an Earl Bennett, I think his   name was. It was in Harrisburg, Pa. He taught at the YMCA. I went to school   with a few of his students and they always dress in the African clothing when   they practice, but I did not really pay attention the details. Then in the   late '60's and early '70's, I came across a Tayari Casel on the Karate   circuit. He was awesome, doing things I never saw before. Very fast, leg   sweeps, cart wheels. I was in the late '70's when I became interested in the   Zulu warriors of Africa and I saw their stick and spear fighting. In the late   '80's I became aware of Capoeira. Since then, one of my black belt students   has become involved heavily in the art.
Shiai Magazine: With United Taekwondo Military System and the   Moo Hap Sool Hapkido Society that you have formulated do you think you have   brought your own African American contribution in the martial arts? Can you   tell us the particularity of these systems?
GrandMaster James McMurray: Yes I do, Learning from the many disciplines,   as well as the streets of Harrisburg, Philadelphia and Fayetteville, I found   that straight linear techniques only work when someone else is doing the same   thing. I have had to incorporate deceptive movements, circular and angle   movements to keep my opponent off balance. This lead me to the art of Hapkido   and Hwarangdo. But my understanding of the struggle it has been just to be an   Afro-American, the perserverance, the courage and the discipline has been   woven into my martial arts, and with that the understanding of other people's   characteristics, culture and society has enabled my martial arts to flourish.
Shiai Magazine: Have you been to Africa before?
GrandMaster James McMurray: Yes, doing my military career with the U.S.   Special Forces, I have traveled to Egypt. Nigeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique and   South Africa where I trained and trained with the armies.
Shiai Magazine: In all cultures and traditions around the world   especially in Africa internal energy exist. You practices NEI GONG a Korean   form inner power technique, can you explain us what is it and capacity it   gives you?
GrandMaster James McMurray: Nei gong is the spirit by which you believe   in yourself, your existence, your martial arts. I have grown up with an   inferiority complex, and it was not until I started taking karate that I   began to understand the power I had in myself. When joining the U.S. Army, I   learned true perseverance, courage and how to turn off pain until the mission   was accomplished. My focus and concentration make things appear as if they   are in slow motion, I am able to see, analyze, and act quicker to situations   through your adrenaline control (actually adrenaline redirection to be   precise).
Shiai Magazine: Throughout your career you have been trained   under, worked beside and trained several martial artists around the world.   Can you give us your experience training young African/ Black children?
GrandMaster James McMurray: Especially being around military post, I have   seen time and time again when African/Black children start my program with   little self esteem. They are more animated because they want to be the center   of attention. They also want to talk back and resist authority. I feel that   this is because of the way they have to be in their society. Not letting   anyone walk over them of be better than they are. Yes this is low self   esteem. I know I have had it growing up. So what I do is tell them about my   experiences and how I overcome them. Show them the power of focusing and   concentration when doing a certain movement like the middle outside block by   giving them a visual of it, then explaining the mechanics of it, then, have   them close their eyes and visualize the moving then have them do it. By them   thinking of the technique and seeing it in their mind, they are able to   replicate the mechanics correctly. I tell them that this comes from their own   mind, so they can feel and see that nothing is impossible to the willing   mind... But the biggest experience in in dealing with their parents. It is   hard for them to see that their kids are listening to me more than they are   to them. So I must teach the parents as well in how they have to change their   attitudes to a more positive one in which the children sees a "do as I   do" attitude, so they must live the way they want their children to be.   Does it work all the time.. no, some parents take their children to a Korean   down the street, (smile) but six months later, they come back.
Shiai Magazine: What is the difference of sport martial arts and   military martial arts?
GrandMaster   James McMurray: Very good question. Sport martial arts are set up with rules   that are based on safety and competitive spirit in which there are places,   1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th. This can help develop self confidence to individuals   that are competitive minded, but can be detrimental to those that do not have a   competitive spirit. Yet in fact are designed to give a  person training in   competing in the real world and to let the promoters make money at the same time.   Military martial arts have only one goal. Clear the obstacle that is   immediately in front of you as quick as possible so you can continue to   accomplish the mission. Your techniques are developed to render unconscious   breakage, paralyze, and in some cases death as quick as possible.
Shiai Magazine: Throughout your long military and martial arts   career have you ever experience racism and what have you done to enable other   young African people to be proud of their heritage?
GrandMaster James McMurray: Even today...their is racism, it will always   exist as long as there are two men on earth. I grew up in the 60's and 70's   (inferiority complex). I knew that racism was always there, I have always   tried to rise above it by being the best in all I do. In the military there   was a black NCO/Enlisted Club and a white NCO/Enlisted Club. The white   enlisted always go promoted first over the black enlisted, even though the   black soldiers performed better. In the civilian area off post, there were   some places we (black soldiers) could not go into, and others that we were   allowed to, but could not be served if we were an interracial couple (Sambo's   restaurant, now Kettles). Has it changed.. yes it has changed, racism is more   subtle now and not so obvious. As far as martial arts... racism is even here.   Orientals are more quickly accepted as black belts or masters, then the white   community accepts a white man of woman as a master over a black man or woman.   Financially, the oriental or white person makes more money, can charge more   and still get more students even when that martial arts instructor is less   knowledgeable. I have been a master since 1984.. but the United States   Taekwondo Union (U.S.T.U.) did not recognized me as a Master until 1972. When   they introduced me, it was always as Instructor McMurray, but when they   introduced the young 4th degree Koreans, it was always Master Lee, or Master   Chung.  One day at a tournament, when they said Instructor McMurray, I   did not stand up, when everyone looked at me, I stood up and said... Oh.. you   meant.. Master McMurray, the whole place that was not Korean, started   cheering and clapping. Since then I have been addressed as Master McMurray.   Now the respect is slowing coming around to Grandmaster McMurray, because   they are playing closer attention to my knowledge and technique.  What I   am doing today to enable other young Afro American people to be proud of   their heritage is to educate them on the accomplishments that we as a black   people have made. The contributions to our society in machinery, medical,   education, sports and military performance. When my Afro-American student   reaches blue belt, they get a cultural book of great Africans and   Afro-Americans. Throughout their training, I try to be the moral compass, the   role model of a confident, balanced black man.
Shiai Magazine: Do you believe that every people, culture and   tradition deserves to have their own heroes, examples and models. Africa and   African Diaspora communities need heroes.
GrandMaster James   McMurray: OH MY GOSH! YES!... There have been many African  Heroes in   the past, but they have mostly been aligned with being rebellions against a   society, or an invading country. Not many people know of Shaka Zulu or the   more recent Namibian Freedom Fighter, Andimba Toivo Ya Toivo and President   Samora Machel (Mozambique) whom I have had the pleasure of meeting. Even   creating a fictional character for the African community, one who stands for   justice, fights against crimes (even in the diamond mines).. or an equal to   Tarzan. I remember some episodes in which tarzan actually went to a African   Chieftain for help, or have gotten wounded and an African Tribe, gave him   medicine from the jungle landscape to help him. I often wondered about those   individuals.
Shiai Magazine: Today one can notice that many people of African   heritage are trying to promote their image and fighting systems through   books, magazines, comic books, cartoons, video games, films, website and so   forth. Why that desire within and out of Africa and entire international   Black communities to valorize our cultural heritage?
GrandMaster James McMurray: I believe that this is because after years of   being put down and not allowed to blossom, we as a people are beginning to   understand the power of reading, video, DVD, movies as such and now we can   share with the world the cultural achievements that we all have made to make   this world better... especially with the coming of the internet, more people   can be reached... look at you and me... It was through the social network   that we became aware of each other and the idea that we can share without   animosity is great.
Shiai Magazine: Surely, you have read about Lost Brother   « Waka-waka man » African martial arts action film starring Aurélien Henry OBAMA which has to be filmed in Cameroon not   forgetting Money Bag the movie (Cameroon) and also the African American   martial arts movie “The Way” starring Khalil MAASI.  Do you think that   these African martial arts films can break barriers in the martial arts world?
GrandMaster James McMurray: Yes I do... and I would like to see a   promoter take this to main stream America and Europe. Even if it starts out   as DVD's. I myself and many other martial artist are eager to see these   exciting films.
Shiai Magazine: What advice can you give to African child who   wants fulfills his dream in life although his/her situation generally is   difficult and more expose to hardship and crime? Can African/Black child   succeed?
GrandMaster   James McMurray:  It is difficult to change when all you know is a   certain society... but I would tell an African child that first them have an   education. No one is going to take care of them like they will. Education   will breed knowledge and the tools to know what is good and what is not. Take   in all that is around them, take note what they like about their environment   and what they do not like. Try to change just one thing, then when that is   accomplished, change another. Then try to hang around people that have become   successful, it does rub off. And last.. I would tell them to think   positive,  that they are a special worthy person and never forget that.
Shiai Magazine: Do you have any future projects you will like to   talk about such as your own books, DVD or seminars?
GrandMaster James McMurray: As I have said earlier, I am becoming   recognized as a very good and knowledgeable martial artist. I have been   giving seminars around the world and with the U.S. Military. I have an   upcoming seminar in Canada (August) with other world known grandmasters, and   another in Georgia (September) with the World Kido Federation. I am at the   beginning stages of doing an autobiography of my life, my struggles and what   I have learn to get me to where I am at this moment. It will be painful, but   in the end it will hopefully be inspiring to the youth coming after me.
Shiai Magazine: What do you think about this online African   Martial arts magazine whose objective is to valorize African martial arts and   Black martial artists in general? Do you think that the magazine should be   supported by any means including funds or donations?
GrandMaster James McMurray: The online African Martial Arts Magazine is a   great venue, and for it to last and grow, yes I think it should be funded   either by subscription or donations. I know it will be difficult  because   people will tend to think of it as only for Africans and African martial   Artist, but it is not, it is an education for all martial artist. I am not   Kung Fu, but I read  Kung Fu Illustrated (smile).
Shiai Magazine: Any last words for our readers?
GrandMaster James McMurray: Some of you know me and know that I am a no   nonsense martial artist, all I ask if for you to be true to yourself and   ideas. Each country has a martial arts even the United States (   streetfighting is a martial art), so take the time to really invest in the   knowledge and understanding of the African martial Arts and Artists, there is   a wealth of information not found in other arts because of the constant   struggle to survive.
Shiai Magazine: Thank you brother James McMurray for accepting our   interview in Shiai Magazine, we hope you will visit us in Cameroon   « Africa in miniature », God bless you and your entire family. Let   the ancestors guide your path.
GrandMaster James McMurray: Thank you brother Aurelien, it was a honor to   be here, God Bless you and yours as well.
