The Avatar Movie Video Game
This Item Ships for FREE with Super Saver Shipping
Here's a very quick summary of the concept behind this The Avatar movie by James Cameron game is that it takes place 2 years before the movie does. And the player will take on the role of a specialist named, Able Ryder. And this person was chosen to to go to the distant planet called, Pandora and try out the new Avatar program.
Of course, from there, Ryder has a conflict to either join the corporation and eliminate the Na'vi so the company can mine Pandora for rare minerals... or fight alongside the Na'vi and help fight back to prevent Pandora from being destroyed.
Note: The Avatar Movie video game by UBI Soft is available for these platforms: Nintendo Wii, Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, Sony PSP, and PC.
Amazon Price: $14.84 (as of 06/25/2012)
List Price: $19.99
"Avatar is one of the few excellent shooting game appropriate for children, having an age rating of 12+. Just like Pixar's movies and Nintendo games, Avatar is an high quality triple-A production for the family that stands high above the cheap products usually destined for this audience.
It lacks the depth and maturity of hardcore games bearing the 17+ age rating, like Gears of War, but instead Avatar is enjoyable for casual gamers curious about exploring the incredibly beautiful world of Pandora. The controls are simple and the missions won't demand trained gaming skills, so the Avatar experience is truly accessible to anyone. Even the chaotic online multiplayer is just plain fun and will make you scream and laugh like you were playing Mario Kart.
Just make sure your 16 years old boy doesn't get this under the Christmas tree this year instead of its Modern Warfare 2."
Release Date: 12/01/2009
Usually ships in 1-2 business days
The "Non-Spoiler" Plot of the Avatar Movie
This Movie is Going to Released on December 18th
As you can imagine...
First of all, I'm only going to give you the bare bones for the plot of the Avatar movie. I don't think it will spoil the enjoyment of this movie for you. And definitely, I won't tell you a single thing about the conclusion. For that, you are going to have to watch the movie! :)
Again, the planet is called Pandora and the native species are the Na'vi. And they are not happy about the fact that the humans are mining the planet for the precious ore. After all, have you EVER seen a open pit mining operation that doesn't spoil the natural beauty of the lands?
Me neither.
That war is causing problems for the humans and the mining corporations. So unexpectedly, the corporate consortium recuits an army to defend the mining operations and eliminate the native Na'vi. One of the biggest problems that the humans have to overcome is the toxic environment.
And into the breech comes our hero, Jake Sully, a former Marine that now is confined to a wheelchair. However, there is a new technology called, Avatar Program that enables Jake to have his conscious installed into a remotely controlled biological body that has combined DNA of the Na'vi and humans.
Jake's job is to use his Avatar to infiltrate the Na'vi and find a way to defeat them for the corporation. And like all well laid out plans... Jake's Avatar gets saved by a beautiful (beauty is always in the eye of the beholder right?) Na'vi female by the name of Neytiri.
And boy, this changes everything!
First of all, I'm only going to give you the bare bones for the plot of the Avatar movie. I don't think it will spoil the enjoyment of this movie for you. And definitely, I won't tell you a single thing about the conclusion. For that, you are going to have to watch the movie! :)
Don't forget to vote for your favorite Avatar movie character near the bottom of this web page!
One of the Best Selling Avatar Toys on Amazon
Amazon Price: $44.99 (as of 06/25/2012)
List Price: $26.99
"Its difficult for me to fairly say what this toy is like in some aspects, as i bought it to collect & nothing more. Saying that, it is very good, well made,good detail & looks pretty durable.
I would recommend it though as it is very close to the ship in the film & really ought to be enjoyed simply for that! "
Release Date: 12/31/1969
Usually ships in 24 hours
The Official Avatar Movie Trailer
In my opinion, this movie trailer of the Avatar movie gives you a taste of the most thrilling cinematic ride you will ever be on...
The Conflicts in the Avatar Action Movie
The Relentless Mining for Unobtainium is Ruining Pandora
So the girl takes Jake to her Na'vi clan where he is accepted by them. And sure, there are several tests and adventures Jake has to undergo to become one of them. As it usually happens when you learn something about a different culture, you begin to understand their way of thinking... it doesn't necessarily mean you have to agree but it gives you a different perception of what is.
There is a HUGE conflict between the miners who have been encroaching into the territory of the indigenous Na'vi. The mining operations has been in place for 30 years and the increasing tensions is now leading down the path of war.
And in Jake's case, he has to decide whether or not he wants to lead the Na'vi in an epic battle against the humans.
That's all I will tell you! So sorry pal, you are definitely going to have to watch the movie now!!!
The Avatar Movie Toys
Featurette of James Cameron's Vision
James Cameron is a Canadian has already won 3 Oscars for previous movies. He wrote and directed Terminator, Aliens, The Abyss, True Lies and the Titanic. The movies he directed has been estimated to gross about $3.5 billion USD worldwide.
James already has the stories for the sequel of Avatar. Just WHEW!!
