9:24 AM  Admin   No comments
Here’s the list of most expensive movies ever made in the world.  People try to create a masterpiece in cinematography by making the best  movies in the world. Making the best movies need lot of money as well.  To create a great effect, to hire the best actor and to create the setting looks real. So here’s the most expensive movies in the world ever made
5. X-Men: The Last Stand: $ 210 million
This is the third film in the X-Men series. Directed by Brett Ratner, the film tell about the mutants drug that causes serious impact among mutants  and humans. Also narrated about the mysterious resurrection of Jean  Gray, who seems to have died in X2. Released on May 26, 2006, the film  became a box office success. On the day of its opening, the film grossed  $45.5 million revenue.
X-Men: The Last Stand
4. Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man’s Chest: $ 225 million
This film that directed by Gore Verbinski is full of achievement. Had  obtained 4 Academy Award nominations for best art direction, sound  editing, sound mixing, and won the Oscar for visual effects, this film also generate tremendous revenue.
Imagine, on the 3rd day of opening, the film grossed successful for  $136 millions in the United States. Later, the film was so successful  that it become the third film to earn more than 1 billion dollars.  Directly beneath the Titanic and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
3. Spiderman 3: $258 million
The film that released in 2007 is ranked third in the most expensive  film production. Directed by Sam Raimi, the film adapted from the Marvel  comics. It is estimated to cost around 258 million dollars.
The film stars are Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Thomas  Haden Church, Topher Grace, and Bryce Dallas Howard.
Spiderman 3
2. Pirates of the Caribbean: At World’s End: $300 million
The capital needed to make Pirates of the Caribbean: At World’s End  is not a little of money. Need total of money as much as 300 million  dollars, to finish this adventure film that directed by Gore Verbinski.
Large number of players, amazing construction site settings, and high  techniques of shooting, is some factor that make the creation of the  film take a lot of money.
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End
1. Avatar : $500 million
This film that directed by James Cameroon is successfully become the  most expensive film ever produced in the world. This film is the most  recent project of Lightstorm Entertainment that spending a total cost of  approximately 500 million dollars. Fantastic number, even for any  Hollywood movie.
The film is available in 2D or 3D format, in accordance with the  format owned by the cinema where we watched. Avatar is a breakthrough in  film technology for the development of 3D visualization, and film with a stereo camera that has been designed specifically for the film.
Avatar
