James Stewart | The War Veteran And The Movie Star | Statesmen
James Stewart career saw a high when he was chosen by Frank Capra for  You Can't Take It With You. Capra had a successful record as a film maker and struggling Stewart couldn’t have asked for any more. In 1940, his success saw a new high with The Philadelphia Story. He earned an Oscar. In 1941, he was serving Army Air Corps. In World War – 2, he was perhaps the first highly billed movie actor to wear the uniform and serve the nation.
His success as an actor was perhaps the biggest hurdle. Serving nation in wars was a part of James Stewart’s lineage. His grandfathers from maternal and paternal side fought in Civil War. His father was a veteran of Spanish-American War and WWI. Despite of being underweight, he somehow managed to gain muscles just in time and get enlisted for Army Air Corps. However, due to his celebrity status, it was highly likely that he would not be sent for combat. Tides favored this assertion. However, he convinced his commanding officers and was sent in combat. He went and did exceptional.
James Stewart rose to the rank of Brigadier General. President Reagan appreciated his services and promoted him to Major General. As an actor, he never boasted of his achievements as a war veteran. A true patriot, James maintained the sanctity of the medal he won. For few years after war, his accomplishments as an actor were rather mediocre. Only notable movie was It’s a Wonderful Life which got mixed reviews, did average on box office but received acclaim over years as a classic. In 1950s, his career revived to some good extent with a few westerns he acted in. Winchester '73 released in 1950 did good business. It was a big turning point in his career. So, was his collaboration with Hitchcock.
His first movie with Hitchcock was Rope. However it was the second movie which caught imagination- Rear Window. His further collaborations were The Man Who Knew Too Much and Vertigo. Vertigo didn’t fared well and got negative reviews. It marked the end of a great partnership on a sour note. In later years, he did many successful movies including The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation and highly acclaimed  Anatomy of a Murder. After a wonderful life, he left this world in 1997. He was 89.
Written By: Sujoy Ghosh
