September 16th, 2009
shane
The Avatar is the most discussed game and movie of the year, both movie and the game will release fall of 2009. The game is better known as James Cameroon’s Avatar: The Game, since the game is a adaptation of James Cameroon directed movie of the same name. The game is developed by Ubisoft Montreal and will be published by Ubisoft. Legendary game engine of Ubisoft, Dunia which was last used in Far Cry 2 is used as the engine for the game. Avatar: The Game will be one of the biggest release and will be released on all the seventh generation consoles including, Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 3, Microsoft Windows and PlayStation Portable. The game will be released in action adventure genre and will be played in First Person Perspective. Ubisoft announced that the game will use the same 3D technology which is used in the movie. Two modes to be featured in the game will be Single and cooperative multiplayer mode. Although the game will be based on the movie, premise of the game will feature some difference from the movie. Working ground of the movie is Pandora an alien planet and the game will include Na’vi’ native people to Pandora and discovering other life forms on the alien planet.
Ubisoft announced in July 4, 2007 that they will develop Avatar. According to the director of the movie Avatar James Cameroon, for the movie they have created a world rich in detail, character, conflict and cultural depth. The game features something which most of the modern gamers expect from the games like, rich visuals and ideas and also lot of challenges in the gameplay. James Cameroon further cleared that he asked Ubisoft to be free with the development and don’t think of this as a movie based game. Ubisoft responded with a fully realized presentation which captured the soul of the characters and world. It was announced on July 24, 2009 that Sigourney Weaver will play as Dr. Grace Augustine. Other actors from the movie who will feature in the game will be Michelle Rodriguez, Stephen Lang and Giovanni Ribisi. Ribisi will reprise his role of arrogant Parker Selfridge but only in the Wii version of the game. Col. Quaritch antagonist of the film is played Lang and Michelle Rodriguez will play Trudy Chacon chopper pilot of the main player, in the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows version. Although it is still to be confirmed whether Sam Worthington and Zoe Saldana will be a part of the game or not. They will play as lead roles in the movie. James Cameroon’s Avatar: The Game will require a HDMI output and 120Hz capable set in order to benefit the 3D effects in the game. Wii version will use Jade Engine as the game engine instead of Duniya which will be used in all the other versions of the game.  Wait for the fall of the year to get your hands on this biggest project of the year.
Game Server Social Bookmarking
