19.12.09 # Soundtrack # 31 Comments
The Avatar soundtrack. James Cameron is worshipped in Hollywood.  Not so much in the rest of the world, but in Hollywood, hoo boy is he a popular lad.  That’s because he specialises in making the kind of films American cinema is founded on (and because they tend to make bucket loads of money).  Lavish, immersive, often visually spectacular, sometimes detrimentally saccharine exercises in market dominance.  Sometimes, he makes brilliant popcorn cinema (Aliens, Terminator 2).  French cinema on the other hand is founded on literate intellectualism, German cinema has its roots in expressionism and challenging visual techniques.  Cameron then, lest any of you popcorn chewin’ masses out there forget, makes popular American movies.  He’s a skilled entertainer – he ain’t Picasso.  He ain’t even Coppola.  He’s a rung above Lucas.
Meanwhile, in Musicland… Leona Lewis is one of the many melodically accurate products to emerge from one of those mournfully underadvertised TV “talent” thingamabobs, earning her the chance to be marketed by the Simon Cowell Music Corporation – for all your listening needs.  Heard a saccharine pop ballad that you liked sometime in the last fifteen years?  Want to hear one again that’s very similar?  Well that’s what these “talent” thingamabobs are for silly, and there’s a cash register just waiting to find out what your wages taste like.  Here’s a new product they’ve got called Leona Lewis.  Her uplifting major chords will make you forget the drudgery of your daily lives, and she always looks nice and happy in pictures because she’s rich now.
“The film that left a lasting impression on me was Titanic” says Leona, controversially stating a preference for the most popular film of all time.  Popular, and also saccharine, and bland.  Sherlock Holmes might call this a trend (unless it’s the Sherlock Holmes from the upcoming Guy Ritchie film, in which case he’d called it a f****n’ trend and then punch Jude Law in the face).
Her Avatar theme song, which is called I See You, was not written by Morrissey, it does not feature a guitar solo by Jack White, Bez is not in the video, and it is of course, of course, meteorically bland.  It’s like having an attractive teenager vomit glitter into your face.  During a school assembly.  Whilst the rest of the school applauds, non-ironically.  There’s also a chord progression in there which is almost identical to the “near, far, wherever you are” bit in Celine Dion’s (Holy water! Holy water!) Titanic theme song, as if, dear Christ, we needed another version of that polluting the airwaves.
The rest of the Avatar soundtrack is comprised of a score by James Horner, who, it must be said, provided an excellent score to Aliens, and does a similarly fine dramatic-slash-eery job with the one here, so as it turns out, this is quite a good album, which means I don’t quite know what to do with all this pent-up anti-mainstream frustration.  Perhaps I’ll go see Avatar, sit in the back row, and play a Rollins Band album in its entirety at full volume on my phone whilst reciting the dialogue from Local Hero. That’ll show ‘em.
Listen To The Avatar Soundtrack:
You can download the Avatar soundtrack as mp3s here
Or buy it on CD here
Avatar Soundtrack (Score & Theme Song) – Track-Listing
1. ”You Don’t Dream In Cryo. ….” – James Horner
2. Jake Enters His Avatar World – James Horner
3. Pure Spirits Of The Forest – James Horner
4. The Bioluminescence Of The Night – James Horner
5. Becoming One Of ”The People” Becoming One With Neytiri – James Horner
6. Climbing Up Iknimaya : The Path To Heaven” – James Horner
7. Jake’s First Flight – James Horner
8. Scorched Earth – James Horner
9. Quaritch - James Horner
10. The Destruction Of Hometree – James Horner
11. Shutting Down Grace’s Lab – James Horner
12. Gathering All The Na’vi Clans For Battle – James Horner
13. War – James Horner
14. I See You [Theme From Avatar] – Leona Lewis
Leave your thoughts on James Cameron’s Avatar and the Avatar soundtrack in the comments. If you’re looking for a particular song leave a description and someone normally replies.
