Gangs Of Wasseypur | Pure Awesomeness | The Critique
In Bollywood, we rarely come across a movie so story driven that characters, no matter how well done, are reduced to particles. They never dominate the story. Last time, I saw such a movie it was Black Friday. GOW belongs to that league. Anurag Kashyap reinvents his brand with this epic. The way story about Wasseypur and the gangs is told, it will give you that feel of fables told by elders about mysterious world of crime. First nail well nailed.
When you hear the title, what do you think - Mafia, crime, gore, sleaze? You will find every element. At no point Anurag tries to glorify the virtues which people usually do to give a moral shade. He doesn't need it. The characters are not grey. They are like coal... black. All they care about is their life and their desires. Morality has no place as crime is so rampant that the human sensibilities tend to lose their meaning. Though each character has a moral stand at some point, the means to achieve that is not always right. Thats where the line fades away. The story is about a goon who is murderded and his son decides to take revenge. Its not about just revenge by violence, its about crushing the opposition, take away their pride and self respect and let the pain take over. This is how Sardar wants to take revenge from killer of his father Shahid. Its about rivalaries and socio-political dominance in Dhanbad and suburb Wasseypur.
Manoj Bajpai as Sardar is a pure delight. He is so perfect that it can leave goosebumps on you as you leave the theatre. Nawaz, in a short role he has, is brilliant. Richa Chadda, what a powerful bomb she is. She got perhaps the most difficult role to play and she is scores birdie. Chemistry between her and Manoj is a delight. Reemma is looking hot but not much to offer. Piyush Mishra is usual self. His control on his voice can be a case study for any artist. Its in perfect sync with his subtle character. Tigmanshu is good. As a matter of fact, each sub-plot and side character has been brilliantly devised. Another rarity.
Sneha Khanwalkar and Piyush Mishra created the music this movie needed. It not only adds to the impact of story, its perhaps the soul of the movie. Direction is freaking awesome. At moment you might find scenes a little vague only to realise later that why it was vague. Anurag Kashyap has proven a point to all mass-critics. He made a mass movie with a class. Bravo to entire cinematography and editing department. The smooth and crisp transition between different stages of the story captivates the imagination of audience. Whistles and hoots for this piece of pure awesomeness... aur haan... kahaani abhi baaki hai.
Written By: Sujoy Ghosh
