3
0
Well, i agree with Mr. Bhave. It can not change the trend unless you have the movie which has an element that needs to be experienced in 3D. every movie coming into 3D will just loose audience's interest over time.
Apart from this, i am very unhappy with the quality of 3D glasses and projection/projectors in India. either the prjector handler doesnt know how to set it up precisely or the projector itself is a bad quality projectors because of which the actual 3D experience which was supposed to be experienced is more of a discomfort than entertainment.
and i am not talking about A particular theater but almost all of them. i have been to Fame, INOX, PVR & Fun Republic (all in Mumbai). just absolutely poor quality of 3D glasses. they are very uncomfortable, they poke on your nose (on the resting part of the glasses) the mold is not finished properly which makes it uncomfortable to wear it longer. and most importantly, the glass(plastic paper) is so not well aligned or balanced that you can actually feel the image ghosting or a second image next to the original image. now i tried 3 different theatres and 3 different glasses in each theater but still couldnt find the right one which will help better in terms of visual experience and comfort.
i have tried the glasses which you get outside to be purchased and they are fantastic. they feel good, they give you a good visual experience as well. i do understand that they are expensive and not viable for a theater to keep those in mass but than figure out a marketing deal with these companies in a way that they get promotion and the viewers can understand the difference between the regular 100 rs 3D glasses and these expensive 3D glasses. because if you want your viewers to be able to enjoy the movie and have that amazing 3D experience, than they should come up with ideas to make the viewers feel good about the experience and in my opinion and experience, i was very upset. i have seen Bolt, Journey to the Centre of the World, Avatar etc... and each time i found it an unpleasant experience and i always thought i would rather see the same movie in 2D and i will enjoy it better.
Why? because 1. i dont wanna have this raw plastic on my face and feel uncomfortable while watching the movie.  2. i dont wanna keep adjusting the glasses to be able to see and feel the 3D effects clearly.   3. i dont wanna lose my interest in 3D movies because of bad quality glasses.
and one more thing, i did think that the problem could be bad handling of the projector... but well not in all theaters right? :)
Apart form this, i think Chhota Chetan was an amazing work but in all these new 3D movies, personally, i didnt find enough 3D material for it to be shot in 3D. it didnt feel how it felt in Chhota Chetan where everything was coming on to you and everything was at your arms reach (as i felt so.) in these movies, i found everything to be quite far from the audience and there were only few layers where you feel the 3D effect, apart from that they were very subtle. which is one of my another point which i wanna bring to the notice of 3D Movie makers.
