AVATAR – PREVIEW
Avatar (2009)
Starring: Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver, Michelle Rodriguez, Giovanni Ribisi, Joel David Moore, CCH Pounder, Peter Mensah, Laz Alonso, Wes Studi, Stephen Lang
Directed by: James Cameron
U.S. Opening Date: December 18th, 2009
They say
Avatar is the story of a wounded ex-marine, thrust unwillingly into an effort to settle and exploit an exotic planet rich in bio-diversity, who eventually crosses over to lead the indigenous race in a battle for survival.
We say
Titanic director James Cameron’s first movie in ten years promises to be quite something: a $190 million hybrid of action and animation about a paraplegic war veteran is brought to another planet, Pandora, which is inhabited by the Na’vi, a humanoid race with their own language and culture. Those from Earth find themselves at odds with each other and the local culture.
In the 52-year-old director’s own words:
“We’re going to blow you to the back wall of the theatre in a way you haven’t seen for a long time. My goal is to rekindle those amazing mystical moments my generation felt when we first saw 2001: A Space Odyssey or the next generation’s Star Wars. It took me 10 years to find something hard enough to be interesting.”
“I’ve wanted to make this movie from the time I wrote the treatment 11 years ago. I was just biding my time for when it was going to be technically possible. I’m so invested in the 3-D, and I love the challenge of creating an alien culture. We’re creating a world from scratch, so it’s really fun.”
Will Avatar be a classic like Cameron’s other SF efforts — Aliens, Terminator 2: Judgment Day? We’ll see . . .
Avatar: The Cameron effect to break box office and award records again.
Ten years in the making, the mammoth undertaking film “Avatar,” salutes James Cameron’s return to the director’s chair since he captained the highest grossing film of all time and won eleven Oscars® including Best Picture for 1997′s “Titanic.” With his new worldwide release of Avatar in December 18th 2009, speculations arise about breaking box office records and awards again. For Cameron fans, this means “Avatar” will open in the same weekend as his last 1997 mega hit film, almost 12 years to the day since the director’s “Titanic” set sail. With the $195 million budget behind making Avatar, the film poses to awe audiences with breath taking visuals and will also be taking advantage of being released unto 4,000 plus 3-D-ready screens in the U.S. So bring your 3-D spectacles and get in line.
There’s even a day named after the movie, called “Avatar Day.” It was the day that James allowed audiences to screen 16 minutes of the film in select theaters across the US on August 21st 2009 for free. One of those theaters included our very own, Regal Mall of Georgia I-Max cinema at 6:30 pm on the same day. The screening featured a brief introduction of the film by the director and brief scenes from the film that explains the story arc, all displayed in 3-D glory. If you’ve missed the screening you can catch up with it scene by scene from Atlanta movie examiner’s account of it, by clicking here.
Film Synopsis
James Cameroon’s “Avatar” meaning “second life,” features an eco-parable of an ex-Marine’s mind genetically merged through a mental connection with the artificial creation of an alien body replica of the Na’vi. The result, through a program called “Avatar,” created a second life being who must survive his journey to come full circle and lead his indigenous people through an able epic battle between two worlds.
Release Date: December 18, 2009 (conventional 3D theaters and IMAX 3D)
Studio: 20th Century Fox
Director: James Cameron
Screenwriter: James Cameron
Starring: Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver, Michelle Rodriguez, Giovanni Ribisi, Joel David Moore, CCH Pounder, Peter Mensah, Laz Alonso, Wes Studi, Stephen Lang, Matt Gerald
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Official Website: Avatarmovie.com
LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) – James Cameron’s “Avatar” won’t reach movie theaters for almost four months, but tickets for the much-hyped sci-fi action movie are already on sale.
Touted as a potential watershed release — displaying the creative possibilities of both 3-D cinema and motion-capture production techniques — “Avatar” is scheduled for a global bow on December 18. Cameron’s Lightstorm Entertainment is co-producing with distributor 20th Century Fox, which has been stoking exhibitors’ appetite for the release through screenings of extended clip reels from the film.
On Friday, the studio staged public screenings of a special 16-minute “Avatar” trailer at 100 Imax theaters. Now, AMC has decided to sell tickets to the movie’s opening-day midnight performances.
Online ticketers MovieTickets.com and Fandango on Friday began ringing up sales for “Avatar” performances at more than 75 AMC locations, most of them Imax 3D venues.
“Tickets being put on sale for a film four months in advance is unheard of,” MovieTickets executive vice president Joel Cohen said. “The fact that tickets have already been sold really speaks to the tremendous buzz the film has already created and the power of James Cameron at the box office.”
“Avatar” is Cameron’s first dramatic feature since 1997′s “Titanic,” which is still the highest-grossing film of all time.
“Audiences are hungry for fresh fare with original storytelling,” Fandango spokesman Harry Medved said. “And with ‘Avatar,’ you have no idea where the story is going to go.”
Sales of the midnight tickets were said to be “healthy.”
It was unclear if any other exhibitors will follow AMC’s lead in offering early advance ticketing for the film. The studio has yet to hammer out film rental terms with circuits — though that didn’t stop the nation’s second-biggest circuit from suggesting the early ticketing.
“AMC came up with the idea,” Fox senior vice president of distribution Chris Aronson said. “They said that if all these people are going to come to our theater to see 16 minutes of a film that doesn’t open until December, let’s give them an opportunity to buy tickets to the first performances of the show itself.”
As a practical matter, no one can offer tickets for any screenings beyond the first midnight performances, because nobody knows what the final running time will be after Cameron finishes editing “Avatar.” The film’s length is likely to be between two and a half and three hours.
(Editing by SheriLinden at Reuters)
Tim Walker: ‘Studios hope that Avatar will herald a new age of 3D cinema. I’m not so sure’
Why would 500 people pile into a cinema at 10 in the morning to watch 15 minutes of a film that won’t actually be released for another four months? Because that film is Avatar, James Cameron’s long-awaited return from non-fiction filmmaking to Hollywood. And because this was “Avatar Day”, obviously. Duh.
A week ago, film lovers (including this one) flocked to hundreds of cinemas worldwide to see footage from Cameron’s new sci-fi extravaganza, which was filmed using 3D technology developed by the director himself, and will – if its makers are to be believed – alter the way we see movies forever.
In 3D, at the vast BFI IMAX cinema, the footage certainly looked more spectacular than the flat, two-minute trailer that’s online now. Some of the visuals are breathtaking, and I dare say Avatar is less likely to disappoint fans than The Phantom Menace, for example. That said, the plot looks more Titanic than Terminator. In fact, it looks like Aliens-meets-Born on the Fourth of July-meets-Ferngully: The Last Rainforest.
Jake Sully, a wheelchair-bound former marine played by Sam Worthington, travels to Pandora – an untouched tropical planet being colonised by Earthlings, who’ve found a way to control the bodies of the native “Na’vi” humanoids with their minds. Jake, in control of one of these avatars’ lanky blue frames, falls in with the locals and joins their resistance against the planet’s human occupation.
The studios hope that Avatar’s release will herald a new age of 3D cinema. For animation, or for spectacle-laden blockbusters, maybe. And in Cameron’s film, 3D seems to have a narrative, as well as a visual, function: Avatar seeks to introduce us to a whole new world, and to immerse us in it – just as Jake finds himself enveloped in the body of his Na’vi host.
But 3D is a revolution that the film industry has wrongly predicted before. I can’t see it improving other genres, like romcoms or ensemble dramas. I can, on the other hand, see it becoming another way for Hollywood to polish turd-like scripts. It won’t stop people staying home to download pirated films; and asking audiences to pay extra for the loan of a pair of plastic glasses isn’t entirely on.
Newspapers have published reviews and star ratings for the 15 minutes of Cameron’s footage we saw, as they would for any full-length film, so essentially pointless events like “Avatar Day” are an effective new weapon in the armoury of the studio marketeer. In this, at least, the film has broken new ground. But will Avatar really change the movies – or just the way they’re hyped?
I recently came into possession of a brand new Sony Reader, the Japanese brand’s electronic book-reading device. I’m very fond of paper, as you might imagine, but I expect I shall grow to love the thing, despite the dispiriting selection of e-books currently available – and the utterly labyrinthine process of buying a book in digital format, let alone getting it on to your computer, and from there to the Reader device itself.
The new Sony Reader Touch edition is slim and black and about the same weight as a 200-page paperback. While I’d still rather read a regular book in the bath, it’ll be great for travelling; I plan to store my holiday reading on it when I go away, freeing up space in my suitcase for extra towels. It sure beats scrolling through Shakespeare on an iPhone. On the other hand, the Amazon Kindle e-reader is expected to launch here in time for Christmas, and there’s a distinct possibility it’ll crush Sony when it does. With the weight of Amazon’s website behind it, the Kindle is as dominant in the US e-book market as Apple’s iPod is in digital music.
What really concerns me, though, is not which e-reader I’ve chosen, but that I’ll no longer be able to show off my impeccable taste to pretty girls on public transport. If all I’m reading is a metal box, how will they know that I’m sensitive and hip and engrossed in a US import copy of the new Dave Eggers?
When they start selling 3G-equipped devices in the UK, may I suggest that Sony and/or Amazon develop some sort of Wi-Fi software application that seeks out fellow readers in the vicinity and alerts people who have matching tastes. Oh, and it should also allow us sensitive hipsters to instant message one another, rather than having to make actual eye contact: “Hey, I like Dave Eggers, too! Wanna go get some FairTrade coffee?” Foolproof, no?
Avatar 3D movie Preview (2009) - James Cameron’s first movie after 10 years,   “Avatar” meaning “second life,”  Titanic,  Aliens, Terminator 2: Judgment Day director promises to be quite something: a $190 million hybrid of action and animation about a paraplegic war veteran is brought to another planet, Pandora, which is inhabited by the Na’vi, a humanoid race with their own language and culture. Those from Earth find themselves at odds with each other and the local culture.
Starring: Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver, Michelle Rodriguez, Giovanni Ribisi, Joel David Moore, CCH Pounder, Peter Mensah, Laz Alonso, Wes Studi, Stephen Lang
Screenwriter & Directed by: James Cameron
Release Date: December 18, 2009 (conventional 3D theaters and IMAX 3D)
Studio: 20th Century Fox
