Home >> Discussion >> Bigelow up for Best Director, but still just “James Cameron’s ex-wife”
Bigelow up for Best Director, but still just “James Cameron’s ex-wife”
by Jennifer Kesler on February 3, 2010
Spread it!
Email This
This is not reassuring. Talented director and writer Kathryn Bigelow has been nominated for the Best Director Acadamy Award. In fact, the film for which she’s nominated got the same number of Oscar nominations as James Cameron’s Avatar. This is fantastic because she deserves it, because only three other women have ever had this nomination, and none of them won it. My fingers are crossed.
But there’s a problem. Bigelow was once married to Cameron. They divorced in 1991. And yet :
Or as the Associated Press’ David Germain put in the lead to his story:
The science-fiction sensation “Avatar” and the war-on-terror thriller “The Hurt Locker” lead the Academy Awards with nine nominations each, including best picture and director for James Cameron and ex-wife Kathryn Bigelow. [bold mine]
…
I get the sneaking suspicion I’m about to start having recurring dreams of Bigelow winning best director at the Oscars and the TV announcer declaring, ‘This is the first nomination in the category for James Cameron’s ex-wife.”
Does anyone think if this alleged journalist had submitted to his editor a line about “Kathryn Bigelow and ex-husband James Cameron”, the editor would have failed to notice, “Oh, dear God, that’s an insulting way to phrase that! I’m sure Mr. Cameron would be hurt to be thought of as just someone’s ex-husband.”
Kathryn Bigelow is very successful by any criteria – including Hollywood’s. She’s directed quite a few films that have won Oscars. Two of them were traditional blockbusters which made very good money: Strange Days and Point Break .  K-19: The Widowmaker was one of those movies that really should have done well at the box office but didn’t – these things happen, but Bigelow hasn’t let it hold her back.
Kathryn Bigelow’s successes came after she divorced James Cameron. I don’t know much about Cameron as a human being, but somehow I think he would not be happy to see her referred to as his ex-wife rather than the successful director she has worked so hard to be. She’s been a director for thirty-one years. She was his wife for two.
Related posts:
Tagged as: discussion:Industry Buzz
Subscribe and get every Hathor post in your RSS Feed , e-mail updates , Facebook or Twitter ! You can also read every comment with our Comment Feed .
{ 22 comments… read them below or add one }
1 Anemone February 3, 2010 at 7:40 pm
Maybe they’re just amazed she survived being married to him? *ducks*
  Anemone (Quote)    (Reply)
2 Biku February 3, 2010 at 9:03 pm
There is hope! While I have heard much about Kathryn Bigelow in the past few months, this is the first time I’ve heard that she divorced–never mind previously married to–James Cameron. Honestly. Have never read the two names in the same sentence. That’s… slightly good news, right? It’s not *all* media sources?
3 Jennifer Kesler February 3, 2010 at 10:32 pm
Anemone, I’ve heard stories about him.
Biku, you’re right – it’s not all news sources, and that’s great. I was just fairly appalled to come across it even once. I just don’t think it would have gone to print that way if the journo had done it the other way around – referring to Cameron as “ex-husband.”
  Jennifer Kesler (Quote)    (Reply)
4 Ray February 4, 2010 at 12:10 am
I’ve read a few pieces that referred to the fact, but did so in such a way that both are treated as ex-spouses… things like “Battle of the Exes in Oscar Race,” etc., which I think is okay because it’s playing up a human story that may intrigue us.  But the way of phrasing it that you post here is… gah.
  Ray (Quote)    (Reply)
5 Scarlett February 4, 2010 at 1:00 am
I didn’t realise they were married until I read it in regards to the Oscars – but then, I was 13 when they divorced. I WAS a bit puzzled as to why anyone would bother referring to her as Cameron’s ex when it wasn’t all that important in the context. Does her being his ex have something to do with her talent as a filmmaker?
Personally, I’m always a bit sus about the personal flaws of someone who’s been married and divorced as many times as Cameron has. Either they’re a lousy human being and their spouses quickly leave, or they’re just not the type of person who suits being married but they lack the common sense to realise that after x failed marriages.
6 Jennifer Kesler February 4, 2010 at 8:44 am
Either they’re a lousy human being and their spouses quickly leave, or they’re just not the type of person who suits being married but they lack the common sense to realise that after x failed marriages.
Or they are mentally ill and not having the best of success with treatment, as can happen to the best of us – just another possibility.
7 sbg February 4, 2010 at 10:48 am
She’s been a director for thirty-one years. She was his wife for two.
Ah, but those must have been the most important two, if they bear mentioning.
Personally, I hope she wins. I haven’t seen either movie, I have this suspicion hers was better on many more fronts.
  sbg (Quote)    (Reply)
8 Scarlett February 4, 2010 at 8:30 pm
@ Jenn, that’s true. Actually, Cameron’s current marriage – his fifth – has lasted almost as long as his previous four combined so maybe the man’s finally getting the hang of it.
The thing with Avatar is that I just don’t think it’s best pic material. Visually stunning, yes, and Cameron and his team should pick up as many techical awards as they can carry. But visually stunning is not synonomous with good writing/acting/direction. Neither are bucketloads on money. But I do want to see The Hurt Locker now.
  Scarlett (Quote)    (Reply)
9 Biku March 2, 2010 at 6:46 am
In the week leading up to the Oscars, much has been discussed about Bigelow and her former relationship to Cameron, and I’ve noticed a trend: if the article is about Cameron, then she’s his ex-wife. But if the article is about Bigelow (or female directors in general) then Cameron (who is inevitably brought into the discussion, as people love the drama of the pair competing, as you’ve said) gets referred to as her ex-husband. It’s logical and equitable. Hooray! (One such reference is a very interesting article on female directors in Hollywood, on the cbc.ca/arts website: http://www.cbc.ca/arts/film/story/2010/03/01/f-oscars-female-directors.html )
10 Anemone March 2, 2010 at 10:49 am
The link works if you remove the parenthesis at the end.
