While Kevin James tickets are not available, you might be interested in these similar artists:  Ron White tickets , Jeff Dunham tickets , Kevin Hart tickets , Russell Peters tickets , Daniel Tosh tickets .
Kevin James Comedy Tickets
One of the biggest TV stars of the decade is on a comedy tour and Kevin James tickets are going very fast. He's conquered comedy stages, and both the small and big screen, and his comedy chops haven't missed a beat. Kevin James comedy tickets are very popular, especially for his comedy show with Ray Romano in Las Vegas. See the star of Hitch, Grown Ups and more and get out to a Kevin James comedy show right away!
Invariably, many fans know Kevin James from his days as Doug Heffernan The King of Queens with Leah Remini. In addition to being one of the most energetic comedians working today, as well as a successful TV show, Kevin James has also appeared in some very funny movies. You know him from movies like Hitch, I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry, Paul Blart: Mall Cop, and Grown Ups. So when you buy Kevin James tickets not only are you seeing a comedy star, but a real Hollywood star as well.
Born Kevin George Knipfing on April 26, 1965 in Mineola, New York, the star changed his name to Kevin James for show biz. Kevin James started working the stand up circuits in 1989, with his first appearance coming at the East Side Comedy Club in Manhattan. Kevin James is a regular on some of the best-known comedy shows, and has appeared on the Late Show with David Letterman, Live with Regis and Kathy Lee, Late Night with Conan O'Brien, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, The Ellen DeGeneres Show and many more. You might also know him from his hilarious stand-up special, Kevin James: Sweat the Small Stuff, which debuted on Comedy Central in 2001. Comedy Central named him #89 on the list of the 100 Greatest Stand-Up Comedians. Kevin James also regularly performs at the Just for Laughs Festival in both Montreal and Chicago. And in 2010 Kevin James also hosted the Kids Choice Awards .
Kevin James and Ray Romano Las Vegas
Many fans will know about the close relationship between Kevin James and Ray Romano, who played a big part in King of Queens being green-lighted for production. He also appeared on Romano's Everybody Loves Raymond on several occasions before his character was adapted for the show. The friendship between Kevin James and Ray Romano is so strong that the duo has a number of appearances together in Las Vegas. The Ray Romano Kevin James Las Vegas Show at the Terry Fator Theatre at the Mirage has gotten some rave reviews and if you can make it out to the show its going to be a good one. Kevin James can bring it like nobody else, and Ray Romano has been one of the biggest names in comedy for a long time now. If you can see these two together you will see a hilarious show, so get your comedy tickets for Kevin James and Ray Romano right away!
 Other Popular Events
