The Pandorapedia
December 29th, 2009
James Cameron has spent well over a decade crafting his detailed and vibrant universe for Avatar, and Ubisoft has been building upon this universe for nearly 3 years, so, as a bonus for people that crave more information about it, we offer the Pandorapedia. Accessible through the pause menu, the Pandorapedia is a compendium of accumulated knowledge about all things Avatar.
In the Pandorapedia, you will find detailed descriptions of virtually every facet of the universe of Avatar. From the arsenal of weapons, vehicles and armor of the Resource Development Administration (RDA) to the diverse flora and fauna found on Pandora, everything that you come into contact with in Avatar has an entry in the Pandorapedia. Think of it like a “Hitchhikers’ Guide to Pandora.”
Best of all, the Pandorapedia evolves as you play Avatar: The Game, so, if you meet a new character in the game, the Pandorapedia updates its files to reflect this newly-gained knowledge. In addition, the Pandorapedia is a self-editing system, so as information changes due to the shifting fortunes of the war between the Na’vi and RDA, the Pandorapedia will note these alterations for you.
This process is not totally automated, however, and you are expected to assist in the maintenance of the Pandorapedia’s database. As an explorer on the frontiers of this alien moon, you are equipped with an interactive scanning system which will analyze new data when activated. Whenever you scan an object, the Pandorapedia will update its database with the data you have collected. While some entries update automatically, it is important for you to do your part and help keep the information housed within the Pandorapedia as fresh as possible, so be sure to keep your eyes peeled for new specimens.
For your viewing pleasure, I have provided a screenshot depicting the entry on Polyphemus, Pandora’s parent planet.
Of course, it must be noted that this screenshot shows only the barest fraction of the massive quantity of data compiled within the Pandorapedia… and we hope you will enjoy adding to the Pandorapedia during your journeys through James Cameron’s AVATAR™: THE GAME.
Thanks for reading!
CONQUEST - The Metagame
November 26th, 2009
Now that we are rapidly approaching the release of the game, I thought it would be cool to take a look at a feature that we haven’t talked about very much: Conquest. This feature has been capturing the attention of quite a few of the journalists that have been lucky enough to get early peeks at James Cameron’s AVATAR™: THE GAME, and several of the playtesters as well. So, what is Conquest?
The Conquest metagame is a turn-based strategy game that allows you to take part in the overarching battle for Pandora, but with some interesting twists and some valuable in-game rewards. Your game progress (in the Na’vi or RDA campaign) and the experience you gain influences much of your success in Conquest, and vice-versa, your success in Conquest has a positive effect on your character development and performance in the campaign. Accessing Conquest is easy, and you can do it almost any time you want while playing Avatar. Whenever you use a GMI or Tree of Vision, you will have the option of entering Conquest and participating in the battle for Pandora on a grand scale.
In Conquest, your objective is to capture and hold as much territory as possible on behalf of your chosen faction (RDA or Na’vi) and thus gain control of the moon of Pandora. You will be rewarded for you efforts with in-game bonuses such as extra armor, damage and critical strike chance.
Let’s take a look at the basic map layout below:
As you can see, I have taken the liberty of numbering some of the more important features on the map. Here is a description of what you are looking at:
1. Your current experience points
2. Your chosen faction
3. Percentage of Pandora controlled by each faction
4. Information on the currently selected territory (number of units stationed there)
5. Currently selected territory (in this case, controlled by you)
6. Available credits
7. Territories held by your faction
8. Territories held by enemy faction (scroll over them to see troop strength and defenses)
Here’s how it works:
When you enter Conquest, you will receive a number of credits based on the amount of experience points (XP) you have collected in the game up to that point. You can spend these credits on purchasing new units in any territory where you have a factory set up (more on factories in a bit).Of course, you start with a fair number of units to shuffle around, so you can skip purchasing more and just get right into the action, if you prefer.
The next step is moving your units to either one of your controlled territories (if you are planning to stage an attack from the new territory or simply wish to fortify it with more defenders) or attacking an adjacent territory controlled by your enemy. Whichever you choose, you decide how many troops you wish to commit from each of the three unit types: infantry (RDA grunts or Na’vi warriors), heavy infantry (AMP Suits or Thanators) and aerial units (Samsons or Banshees).
NOTE: There is a fourth type of unit for each faction, but these are only available under certain circumstances as they are the most powerful unit types in Conquest.
If you have chosen to attack a neighboring territory, a screen will pop up representing the units defeated in the ensuing battle. Now, you need 500 troops to occupy any territory, so even if you win, you will need to have 500 troops remaining in order to lay claim to the newly-conquered territory, otherwise it will remain uncontrolled in the sense that you will reap none of its rewards (more on that soon) and will be unable to construct defenses or factories.
Whenever you have 500 troops stationed in a territory, you will have full control of that territory and gain the ability to build defensive structures and factories. There are three types of defensive structures that correspond to each of the three basic unit types. Factories make it possible for you to build new units in the territory in which they are constructed, thus eliminating the need for moving troops from far away.
The screen below gives you an idea of how rewards are laid out among the territories (specific values for each reward vary from territory to territory):
And that’s about it! Happy Conquering!
Developer Interview #4: Brent George
November 12th, 2009
Got another developer interview for you all to check out. In this one, we ask Animation Director Brent George the famous questions. In recent months, Brent has taken a more prominent role as one of our key spokespeople for James Cameron’s Avatar: The Game and his responsibilities have had him running from one corner of the globe to another almost non-stop. We are very pleased that he could take a moment to give you an inside peek at the game from his perspective.
ComDevGabe: What games have you worked on previously?
Brent George: I’m a new import from Toronto where I worked in the film and television industry.  I also had the opportunity to work at a couple of the biggest Toronto-based game companies.  When I first got to Ubisoft, I was working on an unannounced title before being moved onto Avatar.  Convergence between film and games is a hot buzz word these days.  My experience in both film and games gives me a unique perspective on how we as an industry leader in games can make this buzz word a reality.
CDG: What are you doing on Avatar?
Brent: My official title is Directeur – Art Animation for the “Next Gen” version of James Cameron’s Avatar: The Game.  Translation - Animation Director.  My role on the project typically involves providing direction for all movement in the game as well as dramatic performance in the cinematics, directing motion capture sessions, working closely with the game design and programming departments to ensure that the animation helps enhance the player experience, and to occasionally provide the entire team with some comic relief.
CDG: How has your past experience helped you?
Brent: Both video games and film/television have their own unique challenges.  Having spent a fair bit of time in both industries, it’s my hope that I can bring the right mix of experience to the Avatar Game table.  It’s a very exciting time in game development, as developers are beginning to cross paths with epic film directors like James Cameron and Steven Spielberg.  It’s funny, I’ve worked in film for years and never had this kind of access to Hollywood’s upper echelon of movie makers.
CDG: Do you have any anecdotes from your history as a developer or from Avatar’s development?
Brent: Hmmmm…so far, one of the high points for me on Avatar would be at E3 this year.  It was a day of firsts, as it was the crowd’s first glimpse of Pandora, and it was our first time seeing fresh reactions to what we’ve been so hard at work creating.  I found myself sitting down, facing the crowd, so I could observe the audience.   Feverishly, I took notes so that I could report back to the team as to which parts of the demo loosened jaws the most.  Of the people who witnessed this unveiling, was none other than Steven Spielberg.  Unfortunately, due to the crowd and his entourage, I didn’t get the chance to ask him personally what he thought of the game.  However, I can tell you, he was smiling the whole way through.
Thanks Brent!
