APRIL FOOLS DAY 2009 Breaking News! Kirk Cameron and Mel Gibson to star in a film about C.S. Lewis, J.R.R. Tolkien and the Inklings.
Wednesday, April 1st, 2009 by Jonathon Svendsen
Two of the biggest Christian actors are slated to star in a film about two of the 20th century’s most prominent Christian writers. Actors Kirk Cameron (Growing Pains, Left Behind, and Fireproof), and Mel Gibson (Lethal Weapon, Braveheart and The Passion of the Christ) are slated to star as C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien in an upcoming still untitled movie.
Mel Gibson as J.R.R. Tolkien
Other names attached to this film are Reese Witherspoon as Edith Tolkien, and Kirk Cameron’s real life wife, Chelsea Noble, as Joy Davidman. Ironically, two actors who have already portrayed characters created by both men will also have major roles in the film. Sean Astin ( Samwise Gamgee in Lord of the Rings) will play fellow Inkling Charles Williams, and Ray Winstone (the voice of Mr. Beaver in LWW) will play Major Warren “Warnie” Lewis. The film is slated to begin filming sometime this December in Canada.
Kirk Cameron as C.S. Lewis
“Cameron and Gibson are perfect for these roles,” says one insider. “Cameron was an Agnostic who came to Christ and has become an outspoken defender of the faith much like Lewis was, and Gibson is a devout Roman Catholic like Tolkien was.”
There is some concern about how convincing most of the cast will be at playing roles, especially when Ray Winstone is the only actor who comes close to being from the same country as the person he is portraying.
“Well, Gibson wasn’t Scottish, but he made a fine William Wallace in Braveheart,” says another insider. “We can only imagine he will make a fine Tolkien too. The same goes for Reese Witherspoon. She did a great job as June Carter Cash in Walk the Line, it only stands to reason she’ll do another amazing job as Edith Tolkien. I am sure moviegoers will be pleasantly surprised.”
“I smell Oscar gold!” says one studio exec. “This film will have everything!”
Fans can be assured that Gibson will not be uttering “You can take away my life, but you cannot take away my Hobbits” at any time in the film. The film will not be a parody of the lives of the actors or the people they are playing, but plans to be a respectful, thoughtful and well done dramatic bio-pic about the lives of these two men and the friendship they shared.
“There will be some changes of course,” said one insider. “For example many Christians may be offended by the fact these men smoked and drank. We plan to omit that and instead have them sharing milk shakes and Oreo Cookies at the Eagle and Child. We will also minimize the fact that Joy Davidman was a divorcee. We won’t even mention what happened to her former husband, kind of like Mike and Carol’s first spouses on the Brady Bunch. After Fireproof, the last thing people want is to see a key Christian thinker, played by a major Christian actor, marrying a divorcee.”
Nothing else is known about the film at this time. However, there are some rumblings that a major name is attached to write it as well as direct it. Cloud Ten Pictures, the studio behind the Left Behind films, will help produce the film and insure a theological message.
Stay tuned to NarniaFans for more news on this exciting film!
Mel Gibson as J.R.R. Tolkien
Kirk Cameron as C.S. Lewis
Reese Witherspoon as Edith Tolkien
Sean Astin as Charles Williams
Chelsea Noble as Joy Davidman
Ray Winstone as Major Warren “Warnie” Lewis
Update: And here is an exciting excerpt from the script….
CS Lewis says to JRR Tolkien: APRIL FOOLS!!!!
Share this with Friends!
