January 25th, 2010 at 8:01 PM
Hello sir,My suggestion for u is that u should make enthiran in such a way that u should be invited by hollywood, and by gods  grace u have the ability to become the worlds best director (really sir) and u should direct a movie with tom cruise or de caprio or tom hanks. sir u have the talent to write scripts for them , but the thing u have to do is that everyone in america and europe should know ur name . And it all depends on ur current project “endhiran”. WE KNOW THAT U WONT LEAVE ANYONE IN UR TEAM ,UNTIL U GET THE SCENE WHICH U DESIRE . LIKE THAT WE FANS WONT LEAVE U UNTIL U BECOME the NO 1 DIRECTOR in the WORLD(u r NO 1 DIRECTOR in INDIA ,no doubt in it) U r a real gentleman and  i am ur fan from jeans (during the release of gentleman,kadalan and indian i was a kid ,i dono ur name too but i enjoyed those movies a lot). all ur movies are awesome .Everyone liked BOYS very much and that is the real fact also. ONE THING IS FOR SURE AFTER THE RELEASE OF ENTHIRAN U WILL BE THE TALK OF INDIA SIR AND OF COURSE U WILL BE THE TALK OF THE WORLD ALSO AS U R DIRECTING SUCH A POWERFUL HERO(OUR SUPERSTAR)….
Shekhar
January 25th, 2010 at 8:26 PM
Thanks a lot for announcing that the film will be released in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi on the same day, sir! I was scared whether you will release the film only in Tamil and Telugu!
I’m happy that I can watch Endhiran in Hindi now, that too at the same time as my Telugu and Tamil friends
Eager to see Ash in a glamourous role after a long time (after Dhoom:2). Watching Ash in Jeans makes me nostalgic! She’s a gem of a kind. And both of you are a sensational director-heroine pair
Hopefully I’ll see Ash in more movies of yours, with younger heroes. Doesn’t mean I don’t like Rajnikanth. I love him. He’s such a simple, gentle person! Would love to see Abhishek and Ash in your film, sir
sudhakar
January 25th, 2010 at 10:17 PM
dear shankar sir,
Atleast a day i will not sleep without thinking you and rajnikanth. show your talent and rajni sir talent to all over india and to hollywood through this movie.
Mohan
January 26th, 2010 at 2:45 AM
Hello Sir,
It’s great that you are taking some time off your busy schedule to answer and listen to your fan’s comments. I am a great fan of your work like the 381 ppl above me ^. I/we would to like to know more about your work sir. When it comes to Hollywood movies, we are able to get hold of the movie scripts of almost all the movies online(those that have been released and finished its time in the silver screen). But as far as our industry is concerned, as far as i know there seem to be no access to such valuable resources. I don’t see anything wrong in making public, the scripts of movies that have run long in the theater. It would enable aspiring filmmakers like me and many other to know how a successful movie looked in papers and hence understand the difference between visualization and picturisation. It would be great if you take the first step and make your scripts available for people online or thro’ printed material.
As a hardcore fan representing few thousands of people who always participates in discussions on even micro level intellectual content of a movie, would like to let you know that we as a fan are ready to spend our time and interest in the build up of movie ‘Endiran’ hitting the screens. Please grant us the pleasure by providing the platform like what Peter Jackson did with video blogging of the making of King Kong or the highly appreciated and fun filled pre-release games to access Dark Knight trailer . It would both help the movie ‘Endiran’ with marketing and also enable fans to enjoy the fun with their favorite movie even days before the movie was released.
Apologies for taking too much of the comment’s space.
Will end my comment with one final question for which i can bear the pain of not receiving your reply.
Q: What would it take to become a Assisting Director to Director Shankar?
I believe you would spare me the pain! ;P
Wishes for great success sir!
-Mohan.
