The dates of 2011 are full of many remarkable movies, but you cannot claim all of them the top movies 2011 . Here, I have selected some top movies 2011, for you that are really doing great business.
Fact Five
Besides action, thrill and fantasy movies, comedy movies 2011 are also doing a great business in all over the world. Here are details of some best comedies 2011.
The Hangover Part II
This best comedy movie was released on 26 May, 2011 in United States. The movie is truly doing a great business thanks to direction of Todd Philips. The plot of whole movie is non-stop comedy with main starring Bradley Cooper as Phil, Ed Helms as Stu and Zach Galifianakis. The plot of movie starts from wedding invitation from Stu to his friends Doug, Phil and brother-in-law Teddy at Thailand. After arrival at Thailand, these people spend a night at beach, where a monkey does some humorous mishaps with all of them.
Avatar Movie 2009 Is The Best Sci-Fi Movie Ever
Avatar, which was a sci-fi movie released in 2009 is considered to be a milestone in movie production as far as Hollywood is concerned. To make a costly film based upon aliens, outer space and humanoids and still be appreciated by the crowds and critics alike is something that only a genius like Cameroon could have achieved. The film is considered to be the biggest blockbuster in the history of cinema and also bagged several Oscar awards. Avatar movie 2009 has raised the bar for movie production and will be remembered as an epic movie that has revolutionized movie making forever.
Best Family Movies of 2010
In 2010, there were many great family movies released. These are films which you cannot go wrong with both adults and kids. Moreover, families are bound to watch these movies over and over again for its entertainment and family values. If you have missed one, then keep an eye for the DVD release. Each one of the best family movies of 2010 is worth an addition to your movie collection. Here are the best family movies of 2010.
Find out yet another list of best movies .
Download Fast And Furious 4 – You Wouldn't Be Disappointed
Fast and Furious 4 is the latest movie form the thrilling series. The director of this movie is Justin Lin, who was also the director of third part of the series. Neal H. Mortiz, Vin Diesel and Michael Fottrell are the producers of this film. Chris Morgan has written the screenplay of this movie. The film was released on 3 April 2009.
New Drama Movies on DVD: New Movie Titles For Your DVD Collection
If you like drama movies, you should check out some of the new drama movies on DVD. It’s time to add great titles to your DVD collection.
A new installment of “The Karate Kid” franchise is available on DVD. Jackie Chan which plays Mr. Han takes Dre Parker, a 12 year old apprentice from Detroit, United States, and tries to teach him the rules of kung fu. As he makes progress, Dre understands that he must use this martial art in a responsible manner.
Action Thriller Aliens - One Another Classic Movie by James Cameron
Aliens was the next motion picture on the series and it had been directed by the outstanding James Cameron.
Right at the end with the earliest motion picture Ripley and also Johnson the feline are the merely children through the cargo cruise ship Nostromo. The following movie starts together with Ripley together with Jones found in hypersleep (dangling anime) on side a new lifeboat space craft. A significantly bigger cruise ship strategies as well as docks and also an individual slices that lifeboat airlock. Inside the space suits characters come on-board as well as seem to be upset to determine Ripley is normally survive, since which means the decline of their repair proper rights.
Tip: check list of top 10 movies .
1
