Watch Movies » Movie Reviews » Avatar Review
Movie Reviews of Avatar
i have seen avatar movie in english version . this movie is fantastic , romantic love story . i never seen love story between human being and eliyans. it is kind of movie where i can say its worth to see again and again to understand the importance of eliyans
Recently released  AVATAR movie this movie released in world wide.
The AVATAR is very excellent movie i watched this movie.
Good graphics,action movie,animation movie.
The twilight saga,2012 recently came in theatres.
Avatar.this is real avatar to the film industry.the film is about the native people who live in other planet and the human who try to occupy their place.the main plus of the film is its extraordinary animations which brings a different place where we like to live.the director has brought a new world on the screen which we only see in the dreams .humans who want to occupy the native's place send a person to their place with a body structure of the natives(avathar).the hero is pulled in by the nature of living of the natives and he join hands with them to fight against the human .at  last the natives leaded by the hero defeat the humans and send them back to earth. the story may be looking simple but the way the director had given the film is fantastic.
I would like to write a review about a movie released very recently called "AVATAR". I can say for sure that this movie is a fantastic film. This movie was directed by James Cameroon. This movie had already created curiocity around the world since last year. This movie has been in the dreams of the director for about 14 years. The pre-production alone had taken place for about 6 years. This was inclusive of research about the movie as well. Since the movie is a kind of 3D animated movie, the director and his crew had waited to start the shooting because of lack of technology advancement. Later a brand new fiction camera was designed to capture the entire movie. This movie would entertain any kind of people with different age groups. This movie will also be the massive hit like the director's previous hit "Titanic" for both the years 2009 & 2010.
Avatar is a wonderful movie for everyone over eight years old.  It's a stunning movie with amazing special effects starring Sigourney Weaver.  It's about earthlings who go to another planet to bring back a precious mineral to earth for high profits.  In order to become acquainted with the natives to persuade them to move off their "land" in order to mine the minerals, avatars are created using a mix of DNA from the natives and earthlings.  These avatars are controlled by the mind of people who lie in coffin like contraptions.  The main character is taught the ways of the natives by a young female Navi.
This movie shows a culture of Navi people who are tied in nature with the surrounding forest they live.  Their essence is dependent on what would be something like the "tree of life".  This film in 3D is spectacular with subtle messages of destroying the rain forests, war, materialism, discrimination.  Avatar is not to be missed.
I just saw Avatar 3D at the theater a couple of days ago. It was a great movie. It wasn't as AMAZING and epic as most critics say it is, but it was great. I think it was the graphics that made the movie, not necessarily the storyline. The graphics were amazing. The colors, the imagination, and the setting took you to another world while sitting in that movie theater. The one thing that I look for in movies is depth and meaning. Avatar introduced topics that hit home. For example, yes, humans don't respect and take care of the planet as they should. And yes, Americans do tend to step on others in order to get what they want. There are many parallels to world history and present day that can be seen in this movie. At first, I was like, "What could be so good about watching blue aliens?" Little did I know. I actually ended up loving the creatures that were presented and rooting for them every step of the way. This movie will make you laugh, be amazed, and cry. Watch it in 3D because that will add to your experience in being taken to another world. This movie was well worth the fifteen dollars.
One of the best movies I've seen in a long time is Avatar in 3-D.  I'm a 43-year old mother of one, who normally doesn't go for science fiction, but I have to say, this movie was a thrill ride from the opening sequence.  I literally felt like I was on a ride at an amusement park and the stunning visuals were an amazing treat.  I was hooked from the first moments all the way through to the end and although the story was predictable, I didn't mind that a bit because of the visuals.  James Cameron really hit a home run with this one!
Avatar - One of the best movies of this generation.  What's really amazing about this movie is that it is completely knew, meaning nobody knows any background information on it's storyline so the only thing we know is what James Cameron tells us in the course of the movie.  Well nothing is left out.  All the questions were answered and the storyline was simply brilliant.  I would give it 9.2/10 overall.
Avatar
The year's most ambitious film is so breathtaking, it detracts you from the fact that Cameron's characters are caricatures, and too much of the dialogue is stock. The good news? None of it matters.
AVATAR movie is one of the visual treat. Storyline and script is marvelous.  James Cameroon is one of the Brilliant and best entertainer Director in the world . Graphic and cj were used  appropriately in this movie. It is fast track movie in this year.
Best of best
Avatar, is an awsome exciting movie that has your eyes glued to the screen the entire movie. You not only feel like your in the movie but you feel the emotions of the movie. This movie is a great movie for any ages. When i went with my family, my mom and dad are 46-48 and my brother that is 6 all enjoyed this movie.
Avatar was a fantastic movie to watch. Although you could watch the movie just for the impressive work done by Cameroon in incorporating actors with special effects, the story line was gripping too with the tension mounting to a impressive finale. The fictitious world of Pandora was breath-taking and leaving you wanting to watch more of it. We bought the Blu Ray DVD the day it hit the stands, and enjoyed watching it several times. It is one of the greatest movies of our time, and a must-watch.
Avatar was a great movie.  My daughter viewed the movie before me and could not stop talking about it so I had to see for myself what this movie was all about.  At first I thought it was going to be a bit like starship troopers, but it was not at all like it....in a sense of future-istic Marines.  Storyline was very interesting, graphics very good, and basically a movie that the whole family can watch together.
avatar its really an awesome movie . took in a different style . very interesting animated movie. the characters are really amazing.
AVATAR ...
Nice movie. Unexpected facts.
I mostly like the movie but i think that are better movies.
The history is nice. Nothing extraordinary. I missed the 3D in the big screen and got the DVD at home. Maybe this is the main reason to classified the movie as "Regular". 3D moviments should be great.
Because of the continuous pressure from my friends, i decided to go to a nearby theatre to watch Avatar. I had watched the promos online but when i actually saw the movie in a 3-d environment, i was completely shocked. I felt like i was in a different world with strange looking humans all around. The technology that was used in the movie was awesome. I have now watched it for more than a dozen times.
Avatar
I saw Avatar 3D in theaters on release night.  I have to say I was completely blown away by the spectacular special effects.  Being an amateur filmmaker/special effects editor, I could 100% appreciate the amazing things I saw on screen.  This is by far Cameron's greatest work.  It is comparable to Martin Scorsese's Last Temptation of Christ.  It was an amazing night for myself and all of my friends who came with me.  I would definitely recommend purchasing the blu-ray/dvd release of this movie.
Recently i saw Avatar movie that's a wounder full movie in my life i love that movie in my life my family member's also like that.  We are expect Avatar 2 all the cheaters are did well they works so me and my friend are well enjoyed. Thanks
After seeing Avatar I wanted to take the first plane out to Pandora!  What a fantastic movie, I didn't see it in 3D but it was still breathtaking.  Perhaps the storyline was very predictable but I didn't go there for the storyline, I wanted to see just what I saw, the best movie effects I have ever seen.
This to me is a movie that can be watched time and time again, because I know I missed things the first time. There is so much to see and the people of Pandora are so unique.  I would recommend it for DVD too, and especially if you have a home theater.
All in all, not a movie you want to miss.
I just bought Avatar on blu-ray and it is amazing. The movie is a bit long but you don't  notice with all the action going on. The graphics and attention to detail will blow you away. I give this movie two big thumbs up and a definite buy for anyone looking for a good movie.
This movies is hollywood it "Avatar".It was fantastic movies. It was focus in natural  culture. It was very creative and active movies. It was imagenomic great. It was a very nice movies. It was famious in all world. These movies director is James Cameron.
Actually the best movie I enjoyed a lot is AVATAR, seems very colorful through out, everything seems to be new to the audience, those hanging mountains, those colorful plants, dragons, ..Etc. everything makes me to mingle inside the movie. The movie lighting and that creativity is the only success for this movie. This movie is suitable to the all ages from kids to the old. It is very good entertaining movie.
well last night while hanging out we friends decided to watch a movie so we went to our nearest rental store to rent one and we ask the shop keeper to recommend us any, and he recommended  "Avatar" we knew about it already but never had the time to watch it in any 3D theater so we rented it and took it home and watched it and let me tell you one thing brothers that it was a best piece of technology out there, it all looked so real on my 50" plasma as if we were there or watching it in 3d and story line was super, some say its stolen but who cares we enjoyed it we had a good time and we loved it.
this is  review about movie AVATAR by james camaron.
the way james presented the movie is amazing .
espicially the grphics , animation shown took me to the another world
Avatar is the story of an ex-Marine who finds himself thrust into hostilities on an alien planet filled with exotic life forms. As an Avatar, a human mind in an alien body, he finds himself torn between two worlds, in a desperate fight for his own survival and that of the indigenous people. More than ten years in the making, Avatar marks Cameron's return to feature directing since helming 1997's Titanic, the highest grossing film of all time and winner of eleven Oscars including Best Picture. WETA Digital, renowned for its work in The Lord of the Rings Trilogy and King Kong, will incorporate new intuitive CGI technologies to transform the environments and characters into photorealistic 3D imagery that will transport the audience into the alien world rich with imaginative vistas, creatures and characters.
I saw “Avtar” movie in theatre. This movie was very interesting and used good visual effect on it. Mr. James Cameron's youngest "Avatar" is a mind-blowing adventure and the most impressive and intricate work of art, I've ever seen.
When his twin brother is killed, disabled ex-Marine Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is recruited to aid a mining expedition on the distant jungle moon of Pandora as only his DNA will bond with the alien hybrid body, known as an Avatar that allows humans to breathe the toxic air. With orders to infiltrate the Na'vi, Jake finds himself falling in love with native girl, Neytiri (Zoe Saldana).
I am really happy to watching the movie. This movie was very good star casting and direction. The entire artist was good worked in the movie. There are used many attractive animations that was feeling the real live story. I truly say that movie is very interesting and amazing.
Avatar -Movie review
First of all, the most important thing that I like about this movie is the concept and how the name 'Avatar' fits very well into it... In Hindi philosophy, the word 'avatar' means God coming to the earth by taking another body to fulfill some task... That is what actually happens in the movie.. The human beings take a body to fulfill some task in another planet.
James Cameron shares his imagination of how a planet other than earth that has life will look like. The visual effects are so great and the movie will not be boring even if you watch it again and again.
Also, since the expressions shown by the animated characters are actually performed by the actors themselves, it feels more real. Watching it in 3d brings some additional reality to it.
If you want to have a real tour of another planet, then don't miss avatar.
The Movie I'm going to review is Avatar. Avatar is a great family movie. It has a great meaning behind it and this is one movie you will not regret to watch. I personally Loved it and give it two thumbs up!
Avatar
Truly mindbending, Avatar is everything you expect it to be from visual standpoint, Cameron has created a new world here for sci-fi fans and it feels right that he is back home in this universe after Titanic. I was lucky enough to see this film at an advanced screening. All of us walked away in awe, even if the story is lacking as a whole. Said story is set in the year 2154 and involves a mission by U. S. Armed Forces to an earth-sized moon in orbit around a massive star. This new world, Pandora, is a rich source of a mineral Earth desperately needs. Pandora is a planetary forest inhabited by the peacful and graceful Na'vi, a blue-skinned, golden-eyed race of giants, each about 12 feet tall. We nevertheless send in the military to attack and conquer, though they are not a threat to us. There is clearly a military allegory about the nature of war mongering and the "noble savages" who often end up standing in the way of the conquering superpower. Luckily Cameron controls his narrative from falling into the muck before it becomes an offensive stereotype by imbuing the story with heartfelt,if ocasionally stiff characterization. the hero, Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) is a paraplegic, recruited because he's a genetic match for a dead identical twin, who an expensive avatar was orignally created for. On Pandora, Jake is a good soldier and then goes native after his life is saved by the brave Neytiri (Zoe Saldana) Visually he has unveiled the next generation of 3-D in "Avatar and wow does it leave you in awe! The interiors and rain forests in this film are like nothing you have ever seen and even the Na'vi are rendered so beautifully you can almost use the word sexy, both in their stop motion movements and the CGI, which will no doubt spell out "Oscar." The entire range of his talent is on display here. Trippy and glorious, Avatar delivers Sci Fi like we have rarely seen it. This one will be off the wall in IMAX!
Avatar is the best film of all times specially if you watch it in 3D! I went to the cinema with my friends and i see it! it was very very nice!
Recently I saw Avatar. After seeing the Hurt Locker, I easily see why Avatar did NOT win. While visually Avatar was excellent, it cannot compare in story to The Hurt Locker.
I have just seen the Avatar again and it showed me how we can swing to the imagination and attain the great heights. It is no doubt an entertaining movie.
Avatar is one of the greatest movies i ahev ever seen, aldo i have wached it in casual movie theater not in 3d. Does planes with wich american forces atack them are realy cool, and as i can recall i have already seen them in game called terminator 2, and afcourse in the begining of the movei, althout its the same director, i thik he coud create something new for thet movie. dont get me wrong, he have done a great job, but it's not all "brend" new!
Avatar movie review
Everyone has heard about "Avatar" the most expensive Hollywood movie production in history. With almost 400 million dollars spent James Cameron has set up a big bet with himself and I am sure that no one was sure that this production will produce enough money to cover the expenses. However the movie was and still is a big hit in the cinemas and has brought profits of over 1 billion dollars.
The story of this movie is placed in the future in the year 2154, on a far away planet called Pandora, place where humans have set up a mining colony looking for a precious metal. So far nothing so special, until we meet the habitats of this green planet: the Na'vi's, a blue skin coloured specie of humanoids with yellow eyes and twice as big as humans.
They live in a big tree that is also the main religious place and they are in a very common relationship with any living thing on the face of this planet: from trees to any living creature crossing the wild forests.
This movie is about the dark side of humanity that conquers and destroys other species in her expansion. Finally the end is someone happy with the foreign planet being left by defeated humans, but with lots of victims and destruction left behind.
It is great experience to watch such kind of a film and it blows the mind of everybody (all age group)It is very amusing to describe the movie which includes action adventure,fantasy and high achievement in computer graphics. In a robbery Paraplegic marine Jake sully's brother killed in a robbery and he decides to take his place in a mission on the distant world of Pandora.There he understand the greedy nature of Parker selfridges intention of driving off the native humanoid "Na'vi" in order to mine the precious material scattered throughout the rich land. Agreement occured spinal surgery for him in turn and fall in love with the native tribe Neytiri the restless Colonel moves forward with his ruthless extermination tactics, forcing the soldier to take a stand - and fight back in an epic battle for the fate of Pandora.the movie has created a great opportunity to answer the evil effects
James Cameron's Avatar is an incredibly genius creation. The movie captured the story of the planet Pandora and the invasion of Pandora by a greedy United States company. It subtly stressed the importance of nature conservation, while pleasing the audience with out-of-this-world visual effects. The quality of the film was brilliant, while actors such as Sigourney Weaver and Zoe Saldana made the movie realistic.
AVATAR:THIS IS THE MOVIE I AM GOING TO REVIEW ,THIS MOVIE IS GOING TO BE A MASSIVE HIT FOR VARIOUS REASONS.FIRST OF ALL BECAUSE OF ITS WHOOPING BUDGET,NEXT THE DIRECTOR JAMES CAMERON,THE GRAPHICS AND SPECIAL EFFECTS,AND ADDING MORE THRILL TO IT BEING A SCIENCE FICTION MOVIE AND MOREOVER ALL IT IS ALSO AVAILABLE IN 3D.THE DIRECTOR HAD DONE A SPLENDID JOB IN THE FILM AND NOT TO MENTION THE JAW DROPPING GRAPHICS MAKING THIS FILM A TREAT FOR THE SPECTATOR,MAKING THIS A MUST WATCH MOVIE FOLL ALL AGE GROUPS.
AVATAR (2009)----- THE MOVIE AVATAR(2009),IS ONE OF MY FAVOURITE MOVIE.I LIKED NOT ONLY THE STORIES BUT ALSO THE ANIMATIONS,AND THE AWESOME ROLE OF SAM WORTHINGTON, ZOE SALDANA AND SIGOURNEY WEAVER. I SHALL RATE IT 9.6 OUT OF 10.........DUE TO IT'S MINDBLOWING,AWESOME STORY AND ACTING........THUMPS UP 4 IT'S GR8,WONDERFUL DIRECTOR JAMES CAMERON..............!!!!!!!!!!
The movie AVATAR was pretty darn good!
Avatar is realy cool movie
Avatar: the biggest hit in the world ,excellent graphics are used in this movie
Avatar’ is an Indian word and thus the Indian audience will find several connotations in the movie. The flick is a complete cinematic experience and stands out a work of technical superiority. Cameron intends to spread out a message to save the world before it is too late. He does not introduce any preachy or moralistic tone in the movie yet very candidly warns human being to abstain from his destructive tendencies in order to keep the race of human surviving on the earth. Though there are no big names in the movie, yet they succeed in gaining over the interest and attention of the audience. To sum up, ‘Avatar’ is a must watch and you are sure to feel every moment of it!
AVATAR : I Show the movie directed y james cameron was the grates movie evr had i was just totally surprised to see that i have seen in 3D effect i was amazing experience . I was just in to the that world in pendora  .  It was so amazing to see we can feel that world  that was the truly joy to see such movie we just totally goes in that world when   we saw in that world  .Whwn i just came out i was just feel like m in pendora. So, You can say it was the greatest movie ever. It got 8 oscars and many other awards.
i think you will have an idea about this movie perfectness that budget of this movie was $760,505,847 named as "AVATAR". i think that was the fantasy by JAMES CAMEROON "director of avatar"..this movie totally change the trend of movies and give 3d animation a new life and prove that this is the century of 3d life and the story was perfect because it gives us the message of peace in all situations if for peace we have to fight with our companions we should take that risk and that,s what avatar told us and at last i want to say that avatar is the best movie of first decade of 21st century.
