Print | Report Bad Article
This article speaks about the most successful digital marketing campaigns to ever take footing. Almost everyone knows these brands, and that’s good publicity!
We could classify a few thousand digital marketing campaigns as successful. It’s a difficult feat to achieve, considering that most of the companies today resort to digital media technology as means to promote their products and services. But some brands made their digital marketing strategy work better than others. The secret to their success was the impact that innovative ideas had on the public.
The fundamentals that were used in making these great campaigns were almost similar to any other professional publicity effort. However, somehow, their chemistry of human psychology and acceptance was perfectly blended with digital media technology to bring them to the A list!
Conan: The talk show that moved Jay Leno and David Letterman with their respective talk shows to the second and third places in US charts. And this was achieved in just two days of digital marketing. Conan O’Brian’s secret to success? Well, he decided to use Twitter to promote and YouTube to host his show over NBC. Taking Silicon Valley as his platform instead of the NBC studio was a move that made this energetic comedian a success story!
The Watchmen: Lee Falk had a field day with most of his comic book to movie adaptations, but none of his graphic novels had more success than ‘The Watchmen’. He achieved this using the reins of Internet to promote his movie over using television and movie hall trailers. Though all avenues were exploited, the YouTube fictional news flashes and well chalked social media interaction still gets responses today to make the stand alone production a franchise!
Bob Dylan’s ‘Greatest Hits Box Set’: Though most blues fans already own all of Bob Dylan’s bibliography, the living legend sold a record number of CDs in this campaign. His viral marketing of the classic song ‘Subterranean Homesick Blues’ video got so popular, that even with people owning his entire collection, this box set sold superbly!
Smirnoff: Ivy League white boys and rap seldom go together. However, the video campaign of Smirnoff’s ‘Tea Partay’ was one of the biggest digital marketing success stories ever. These boys rapped about a tea party they were throwing and it went so well, people flocked to their YouTube channel (and liquor stores around the corner for their own ‘Partays’!).
The Dark Knight: Till James Cameroon’s ‘Avatar’ became the most earning movie in cinema history, the last Batman franchise ‘The Dark Knight’ was holding strong. The promotion of this movie came with much hype, and a very carefully planned digital marketing strategy. The official websites created a realistic virtual world for Batman. This included a detailed ‘Gotham City’, bios and stats about key characters, blogs, and a full campaign for Harvey Dent (Two Face)! This was one of the biggest hits of Internet promotion ever.
These examples of Internet marketing success are not because they were huge brands that spent a lot of money on their campaign. Even though money was, and always will be a major factor for great marketing, companies and brands should learn how well concepts and ideas were used. Though most of these campaigns have earned ridiculous amounts of money, it’s not an unachievable podium when you have good digital marketing companies to promote you.
