No Comments »
Resident Evil 5 had a legacy and to maintain a quality level at least equal to its predecessor. What is right with the new Resident Evil is that this series will never be the same, which might displease the conservatives, but the reality is that in a world where the big franchises do by rendering each new title the same game engine just improving or introducing new features. Resident Evil 5 to re-invent the genre he helped create, and bring the message to conservatives that the change we want but do not ask so many, came to the survival-horrors.
It is finally time to return to the main story and understand where the origin of the virus that has helped destroy Raccoon City and why the different mutations that caused several people to the show’s heroes are facing today. The action then moves to an area of sub-Saharan Africa Kijuju name, where Chris, the main character in this episode, now a member of the BSAA (Bioterrorism Security Assessement Alliance) joins a colleague in the same organization in order to prevent the exchange of a biological weapon.
When the game first starts, we can immediately see the work done by Capcom in the graphics department of Resident Evil 5. The graphics and presentation are without doubt the best ever seen in this generation. The characters have an exceptional physical detail, and note that if the motion capture was very well crafted. The scenarios are also very detailed and exquisite details, from the dilapidated houses, past the decaying interior with the now classic corpses left strategically in order to leave the player in an uncomfortable position in relation to the horror that faces forward. With great emphasis also arise the new and improved lighting effects that gives an environment as or heavier than the darkness of the old titles.
In the gameplay department is that results for some of the big Achilles’ heel of this title. As the videos and the demo showed left imagine, there is indeed “Run and Gun” (running and shooting) in this game. Each time we sight, the character stops in place where you are leaving him free to point. If for some this is a step back, the truth is that, deep down, this system is a touch of genius. Resident Evil has always been a game that did everything to cause a sensation of discomfort to the player and the same happens in Resident Evil 5, the choice to shoot or run must be measured and well thought out strategically, giving a greater sense of urgency and panic when we feel surrounded, the same fear that the series always wanted to make the player feel throughout each new title. This system forces you to think strategically to give us chance for survival.
The gameplay suffers a further major change with the addition of new partner, Sheva came with Chris throughout the adventure, serving both as a comrade in arms exploratory areas inaccessible, even to help when our life is taken by a coup and any need urgently to be healed. Playing along with the two characters opens a wide range of possibilities, you can flank the inhabitants of Kijujo, leaving them confused about the target to choose, or if one of the characters being stuck in combat, the other can assist by giving a strong blow with a fist or kick the enemy (the strike depends on the terrain or the type of zombie.) You can exchange among colleagues or ammunition life, picked up again in the form of herbs as in previous games, which are now automatically converted into first aid spray, healing both characters, when used in proximity.
Even with the fun that Resident Evil 5 provides the level of Single Player, Multi-player is that this game shines through either two people on the same console with split screen or online. However good the AI is the fellow, nothing better than to share the demand with another person, and the game lets go all the adventure in Multi-player, and if they have to play with, Resident Evil 5 is even better.
The audio level, we can finally speak well of Resident Evil, there are no words in this title depressing and poorly done as the first games of the series (The statements on Jill’s first Resident Evil is a classic). The voices are very good and are consistent, especially for Chris and Sheva. When there is no speech, there is always the grunts of the zombies and the sound of guns, as the voices are quite good. The weakest point here is the same for either character weaker, as the case of Richard Irving, an arms dealer who has the worst voice in the game, which seems almost deliberate in view of his figure and phrases ridiculous, yet it is not something that is worrisome.
What more can be said about Resident Evil 5? The graphics are great, the gameplay is very good and fun, never gorging Over the nearly 10 hours of gameplay in story mode, you will definitely want to repeat. The Cut scenes are fantastic and well done with, once again, good voice the main characters to complement the environment and sometimes we are presented with breakneck chase sequences in vehicles. To leave you more time immersed in this world there is so Mercenaries, released after the end of the game where, as in previous games, fight the zombies in timed areas in order to earn points, then placed in a ranking online, not forgetting that this mode can also be shared with a friend in Co-op.
Resident Evil 5 is a phenomenal game. Do not disappoint and does whatever is asked of every game and every time there is less that the meet be a fun, exciting and rewarding. It can be a shock to the purists of the series and for all fans of games in the third person in constant motion as Gears Of War, but none of these small details stop him being at all levels (including visual) a serious candidate to play the year.
