PG-13    for intense epic battle sequences and warfare, sensuality, language and some smoking.
Genre(s):
Action,Crime and Mystery,Science Fiction
Plot: A paraplegic ex-marine finds a new life on the distant planet of Pandora, only to find himself battling humankind alongside the planet's indigenous Na'vi race in this ambitious digital 3D sci-fi epic from Academy Award-winning Titanic director James ... Read More
Latest on Avatar
'Avatar 2' Release Date: James Cameron's Next Epic Won't Come Until 2016
by Alex Suskind
James Cameron is currently planning 'Avatar 2' and 'Avatar 3,' but don't expect to see them anytime soon. When Entertainment Weekly first spoke with Cameron at the beginning of 2011, the director said he wanted to release the sequels on Christmas Day in...
James Cameron on 'Avatar' Sequels: More Planets, More Water, Less Politics
by Alex Suskind
James Cameron has been making the rounds to promote the April 2012 re-release of 'Titanic 3D,' but the Oscar-winning King of the World recently sat down with ABC's Nightline to discuss something other than filmmaking: his role as an environmentalist and...
'Avatar' and 'The Dark Knight' Among the Most Pirated Movies Ever
by Christopher Rosen
Imagine how much money 'greedy motherf--ker' James Cameron could have made on 'Avatar' if it wasn't stolen by dastardly Internet pirates. According to a report from the website TorrentFreak, 'Avatar' -- the highest grossing movie ever -- is the most...
'Titanic' in 3D: 9 Things Learned While Watching Early Footage With James Cameron
by Mike Ryan
On Tuesday morning, eight separate scenes of 'Titanic' -- now converted to include the dimension of depth (scientists call this '3D') -- were screened for the press. Director James Cameron (who spoke one-on-one with Moviefone last night) was also in...
James Cameron on Why You May See 'Terminator 2' and 'Aliens' Converted to 3D Soon
by Mike Ryan
Even in the midst of what may or may not be a backlash against 3D -- 'may' if you wasted your hard earned money on a poor up-conversion; 'may not' if you happen to be James Cameron -- the aforementioned James Cameron still stands defiant. To be fair, he...
More
Your Reviews
Great movie... from an anthropological standpoint I was fascinated by the main character's journey to become one of the Na'vi.
January 29,2012
