NEWS
It’s no secret to seasoned gamers that titles based on movie licenses, with few exceptions, are destined to suck. Budgets siphoned by big-name voice talent, tight development schedules and stories meant for another medium are just a few hurdles placed in front of these seeming attempts to simply cash-in on a film’s popularity.
All that said, though, we give Ubisoft a pass. You see, a few years back the publisher/developer pulled the impossible feat of adapting Peter Jackson’s King Kong into a decent game—anyone who can mine an engaging interactive experience from a film starring Adrien Brody and an oversized ape deserves the benefit of the doubt. So, with the arrival of James Cameron’s Avatar: The Game, we were anxious to see if Ubisoft could once again work its movie-adapting magic, this time without the benefit of a big monkey.
Ubisoft Montreal had a significant advantage over most licensed game developers by having access to assets from Cameron’s top-secret property a full two years before its release. And this early access is apparent within seconds of ogling the title’s setting, the fictional planet of Pandora, as it pops off the screen with a majestic beauty rarely seen in shooters. Sure, we’ve seen plenty of lush tropical settings before, but Avatar ups the visual ante, adding details and touches that go beyond just creating a backdrop for the action. Rather than spamming color schemes and assets to give the illusion of a living, breathing world, Avatar brims its pretty planet with various shades of green, dotted with more vibrantly colored flora and fauna. Exotic trees and plants come in astounding varieties, and wildlife freely roam the world; more than once we were caught off guard by elegant deer-like creatures prancing through the brush. Where such similar settings suffer monotony by using “tree A” and “plant B” repeatedly, a stroll through Pandora is packed with immersion-pushing surprises at every turn.
Pandora’s beautiful to look at and kill things in.
Of course, this is a big-budget action game, not a National Geographic special, so despite our appreciation of the affecting environments, it’s blasting baddies with kick-ass weapons that really counts. And, from the standard space marine arsenal to more creative death-dealers, Avatar’s got guns and gear to spare. The more traditional stuff is used by the Resource Development Administration, human soldiers mining Pandora for a rare resource. From carbines to mech-like walkers, these guys have more than enough firepower to effectively turn the planet into a chopped salad. While arming yourself to the teeth with hot projectile-spitting hardware offers its share of thrills, it’s the weapons of Pandora’s indigenous Na’vi that steal the show. Giant war staffs, battle hammers, crossbows and dual-wielded blades make for far more interesting combat—especially when your pinning an RDA a-hole to a tree with a well-placed arrow.
In addition to weapons, both sides have access to limited-use power-ups such as cloaking camouflage, speed boosts and health replenishment. As with the life-siphoning gear, these bonus abilities are decidedly cooler for the Na’vi. Where the RDA get an air strike, the blue-skinned aliens get to rain down death with some crazy conjured-up mystical projectiles. Additionally, temporarily having a vicious Viperwolf—a snarling, saber-toothed beast that actually poses quite a threat when playing as a human—fight by your side, is much more stylish than anything the tech-minded RDA can come up with. As you progress through the game’s various objectives, you’ll gain experience, enabling you to unlock and assign new weapons and abilities. Not every item and power is useful or even fun to use, but there’s enough variety that you’ll no doubt discover a few favorites and stick with them.
Platform:
