Trudy grins and taps his fist.
JAKE
Following that, when they're escaping to Trudy's Samson, they're approached by a guard:
An armored TROOPER approaches, aiming his AR at them.
TROOPER
I need you to shut down and step out of
the vehicle! Now!
JAKE rolls up behind him, aiming his pistol.
JAKE
Take it nice and easy, troop.
The trooper turns, sees the gun.
JAKE
On the ground, face down. Hands behind
your head.
GRACE
Do what he goddamn says!
He does. Norm jumps down and grabs the trooper’s rifle and side-arm, covering him, while Grace helps Jake from chair to the back bay of the chopper.
The following scene of Quaritch firing at them, Grace getting shot, Norm hooking the Shack to Trudy's Samson, and Jake's talk with Grace were shot much like they're scripted.
Another interesting description which again demonstrates how deliberate the religious analogies between the Eywa and human God(s) are is in Cameron's description of the Na'vi at the Tree of Souls: "....the Omaticaya refugees are clustered around a central rock outcropping which forms a kind of dais and altar."
The idea that Grace was never emotionally connected to the Na'vi - partially, she says, because of her objective scientific mind - is really brought home in a snippet of dialogue that was omitted.  As Jake is carrying her human body to the Tree of Souls, Grace says to him, "I -- always held back.  But you gave them your heart.  I'm proud of you, Jake."
In the screenplay, Quaritch doesn't just rally all the humans at Hell's Gate, he actually has a mutiny of the place!
TRACKING WITH SELFRIDGE, staring around him in growing dismay as he walks through the full-scale mobilization.
He approaches Quaritch, who is barking orders amid a hive of activity around the ampsuits.
SELFRIDGE
This thing is completely out of control!
Quaritch ignores him, turning away to focus on ordnance loading.
SELFRIDGE
Listen to me! I am not authorizing you to
turn the mine-workers local into a
freakin’ militia!
I declared threat condition red. That
puts all on-world assets under my
command.
You think you can pull this palace coup
shit on me?! I can have your ass with
one call --
Quaritch grabs him and PINS him against the side of an ampsuit.
QUARITCH
You’re a long way from Earth.
Selfridge is paralyzed. Physical force -- against him? Quaritch releases him and walks away.
QUARITCH
Get him out of here.
Several troopers converge on Selfridge.
SELFRIDGE
You touch me you’re so fired.
He pushes through them and they escort him toward the door.
This was probably deleted for the sake of the running time although I personally think it's a little bit over-the-top, even if it's kind of cool.
The night before the battle, there's a mini-montage of the Na'vi prepping for battle and Jake teaching them how to attack the ships, using drawings as guide.  He directs them to attack the rotors (a strategy that, surprisingly, wasn't in the actual battle scene at all).
The movie has a montage of the SecOps ships starting their engines and heading to battle.  The screenplay adds to that with shots of the individual soldiers arming their weapons and prepping their ships.  This is intercut with shots of the Na'vi sharpening arrows and hopping on their direhorses.  These scenes were shot and some can be seen in the teaser and the trailer:
The final battle. There are a lot of differences between the screenplay's version of the final battle and the theatrical movie's.  Most of these would probably be considered kind of trivial but, collectively, they add up to a fairly big difference.
1) There are three waves of Na'vi: the direhorse warriors, the banshee warriors, but also arboreal warriors.  These Na'vi warriors stay in the trees and perform various tasks from there.  (I don't recall that there was any reference to this third "platoon" anywhere at all in the theatrical movie.)
2) Both space shuttles have been summoned from the interstellar ship and participate in the battle.  One of them actually does drop one of their pallets of daisycutters into the forest (although not at the Tree of Souls).  The script describes the impact: "Inside the shuttle's cargo bay, a row of daisycutters are lined up.  Troopers roll the first pallet down the ramp.  The pallet falls into the jungle below and....BA=WHOOOOM!  An enormous high-explosive blast rips a huge hole in the forest.  A white concussion wave flashes out across the ground for hundreds of meters in all directions.  At ground level, it is an apocalypse.  Running Na'vi are blasted out of existence by fire and shock waves."
3) The ground and aerial battles are much more bifurcated in the screenplay than in the movie.  It's possible that Cameron wrote it like this for clarity, not because he intended to have them actually played sequentially, but I don't think so.  So this was probably a deliberate creative change.
4) Jake saves Neytiri from a Scorpion that has her targeted.
5) Neytiri baits a hotdog Samson pilot to follow her into the forest.  Once they get into the foliage, the arboreal Na'vi warriors toss a net over the Samson, causing it to flip upside down and, of course, propel itself right into the ground.
6) Lyle Wainfleet is killed by the Neytiri-driven thanator rather than by the herd of titanotheres.
7) Trudy, not Jake, takes down Quaritch's scorpion by way of a kamikazee run into its cockpit.  As she's about to fly into it, she tells Norm (her lover in the screenplay) that she loves him.  Norm can see the collision from the forest below.
8) Jake takes down one of the shuttles by tossing grenades into its VTOL engines, just as in the movie.  At this point, the second shuttle retreats: "PILOT: Valkyrie Two is breaking off.  And if any of ya'll want to get off this piece of shit planet, you better cover our ass 'cause we're the only way back to orbit." In the screenplay, this really signifies the end of the primary battle.
There are a couple of more dramatic differences, as well.
First, there's Tsu'tey.  Tsu'tey's banshee is shot out of the sky and he falls to the forest below, hurt, but not killed.  (In the theatrical movie, of course, he was shot point-blank when attacking the cargo door of the Valkyrie shuttle.)  He lands near Lyle Wainfleet:
LYLE WAINFLEET reaches down and grabs Tsu’tey by his queue, lifting him painfully.
WAINFLEET
I hear this is worse than death for you,
chief.
WAINFLEET cuts Tsu’tey's queue off near the base. TSU’TEY SCREAMS in agony, his nervous system exploding on overload.
Grinning, Lyle holds up the queue -- Tsu’tey's only connection to the world-consciousness which is his life.
More on this in a moment.
The second major difference in the final battle is that there's a third site: Hell's Gate itself!  However, it's not the Na'vi who are attacking it, but rather Max, some scientists, and the other avatars:
INT. CORRIDOR
Max runs down the hall, leading the other scientists. He’s yelling into an AIRCOM HANDSET --
MAX
Rogue One, Rogue One, this is Max. Tell
Jake we are in motion.
(to the scientists)
Get in there. Barricade the door!
INT. LINK ROOM
The door is hurled open and the SCIENTISTS charge in. Science geeks barricade the door as AVATAR-DRIVERS scramble into their link units, pulling the clamshells down.
INT. CORRIDOR
Max checks the door is secure from his side then runs down a connecting corridor.
Later on, Max (doesn't that actor have such a likable face?) drives one of the "slash-cutters" right into the Hell's Gate Operations Center (just before impact, he flips Selfridge the bird).  All the avatars follow the hole he made and seize the facility. "Selfridge lies there gasping in his emergency mask.  HOW COULD THIS BE HAPPENING?" These scenes were shot during the New Zealand shoot (way back in 2007) but I personally highly doubt that they were ever rendered.  So this is as much as we're ever going to get of it, I'm guessing:
The bottom two pictures are screencaps from this
series of videos showing the human avatars raiding Hell's Gate's mission control
tower during the final battle.
This is very early concept art (2006) showing a slightly different attack on Hell's Gate, where it looks like the Na'vi rather than avatars are the ones doing the duties. Artwork by Kasra Farahani.
In the screenplay, Quaritch stays in his Scorpion ship until it crashes into a lake.  Quaritch dramatically then emerges in his AMP suit:
The fight between Neytiri and Quaritch and then Jake and Quaritch plays out as scripted, and the emotional finale of Neytiri saving Jake's human body is also scripted as it was seen in the theatrical movie.  After the carnage is complete and the Na'vi are victorious, though, there is an extended scene with Tsu'tey.  He had actually survived getting shot, the fall from his banshee, and then having his queue sliced off.  Mo'at is tending to him, but it's clear that he's going to die.
TSU’TEY
