Main article: The Terminator
Cameron in September 1986
After completing a screenplay for The Terminator , Cameron decided to sell it so that he could direct the movie. However, the production companies he contacted, while expressing interest in the project, were unwilling to let a largely inexperienced feature film director make the movie. Finally, Cameron found a company called Hemdale Pictures , which was willing to let him direct. Gale Anne Hurd , who had started her own production company, Pacific Western Productions , had previously worked with Cameron in Roger Corman's company and agreed to buy Cameron's screenplay for one dollar, on the condition that Cameron direct the film. Hurd was signed on as producer, and Cameron finally got his first break as director. Orion Pictures distributed the film. [24]
Initially, for the role of the Terminator, Cameron wanted someone who wasn't exceptionally muscular, and who could "blend into" a normal crowd. Lance Henriksen , who had starred in Piranha II: The Spawning, was considered for the title role, but when Arnold Schwarzenegger and Cameron first met over lunch to discuss Schwarzenegger playing the role of Kyle Reese , both came to the conclusion that the cyborg villain would be the more compelling role for the Austrian bodybuilder ; Henriksen got the smaller part of LAPD detective Hal Vukovich and the role of Kyle Reese went to Michael Biehn . In addition, Linda Hamilton first appeared in this film in her iconic role of Sarah Connor , and later married Cameron. [16]
The Terminator was a box office hit, breaking expectations by Orion Pictures executives that the film would be regarded as no more than a sci-fi film, and only last a week in theaters. It was a low-budget film which cost $6.5 million to make, cutting expenses in such ways as recording the audio track in mono. However, The Terminator eventually earned over $78 million worldwide. [25]
[ edit ] Rambo: First Blood Part II (1985)
Main article: Rambo: First Blood Part II
During the early 1980s, Cameron wrote three screenplays simultaneously: The Terminator, Aliens , and the first draft of Rambo: First Blood Part II . While Cameron continued with The Terminator and Aliens, Sylvester Stallone eventually took over the script of Rambo: First Blood Part II , creating a final draft which differed radically from Cameron's initial version. [26]
Main article: Aliens (film)
The producing team behind Aliens, James Cameron and Gale Ann Hurd.
Cameron next began the sequel to Alien , the 1979 film by Ridley Scott . Cameron named the sequel Aliens, and again cast Sigourney Weaver in the iconic role of Ellen Ripley . According to Cameron, the crew on Aliens was hostile to him, regarding him as a poor substitute for Ridley Scott. Cameron sought to show them The Terminator but the majority of the crew refused to watch it and remained skeptical of his direction throughout production. Despite this and other off-screen problems (such as clashing with an uncooperative camera man and having to replace one of the lead actors – Michael Biehn of Terminator took James Remar 's place as Corporal Hicks), Aliens became a box office success, and received Academy Award nominations for Best Actress in a Leading Role for Weaver, Best Art Direction , Best Film Editing , Best Original Score , Best Sound , and won awards for Best Sound Effects Editing and Best Visual Effects . In addition, the film and its lead actress made the cover of TIME magazine as a result of its numerous and extensive scenes of women in combat - these were almost without precedent and expressed the feminist theme of the film very strongly.
[ edit ] The Abyss (1989)
Main article: The Abyss
Cameron's next project stemmed from an idea that had come up during a high school biology class. The story of oil-rig workers who discover otherworldly underwater creatures became the basis of Cameron's screenplay for The Abyss , which cast Ed Harris , Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio and Michael Biehn . Initially budgeted at $41 million U.S. (though the production ran considerably over budget), it was considered to be one of the most expensive films of its time, and required cutting-edge effects technology. Because much of the film takes place underwater and the technology wasn't advanced enough to digitally create an underwater environment, Cameron chose to shoot much of the movie "reel-for-real", at depths of up to 40 feet (12 m). For creation of the sets, the containment building of an unfinished nuclear power plant was converted, and two huge tanks were used. [27] The main tank was filled with 7,500,000 US gallons (28,000,000 L) of water, and the second with 2,500,000 US gallons (9,500,000 L). The cast and crew resided there for much of the shooting.
[ edit ] Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991)
Main article: Terminator 2: Judgment Day
After the success of The Terminator, there had always been talks about a sequel to continue the story of Sarah Connor and her struggle against machines from the future. Although Cameron had come up with a core idea for the sequel, and Schwarzenegger expressed interest in continuing the story, there were still problems regarding who had the rights to the story, as well as the logistics of the special effects needed to make the sequel. Finally, in late-1980s, Mario Kassar of Carolco Pictures secured the rights to the sequel, allowing Cameron to greenlight production of the film, now called Terminator 2: Judgment Day .
For the film, Linda Hamilton reprised her iconic role of Sarah Connor. [28] In addition, Schwarzenegger also returned in his role as The Terminator, but this time as a protector. Unlike the T-800, who is made of a metal endoskeleton, the new villain of the sequel, called the T-1000 , was a more advanced Terminator made of liquid metal, and with polymorphic abilities. The T-1000 would also be much less bulky than the T-800. For the role, Cameron cast Robert Patrick , a sharp contrast to Schwarzenegger. Cameron explained, "I wanted someone who was extremely fast and agile. If the T-800 is a human Panzer tank , then the T-1000 is a Porsche ."
Cameron had originally wanted to incorporate this advanced-model Terminator into the first film, but the special effects at the time were not advanced enough. The ground-breaking effects used in The Abyss to digitally depict the water tentacle convinced Cameron that his liquid metal villain was now possible.
TriStar Pictures agreed to distribute the film, but under a locked release date only about one year after the start of shooting. The movie, co-written by Cameron and his longtime friend, William Wisher, Jr. , had to go from screenplay to finished film in just that amount of time. Like Cameron's previous film, it was one of the most expensive films of its era, with a budget of about $100 million. The biggest challenge of the movie was the special effects used in creating the T-1000. Nevertheless, the film was finished on time, and released to theaters on July 3, 1991.
Terminator 2, or T2, as it was abbreviated, broke box-office records (including the opening weekend record for an R-rated film), earning over $200 million in the United States and Canada, and over $300 million in other territories, and became the highest-grossing film of that year. It won four Academy Awards : Best Makeup , Best Sound , Best Sound Effects Editing , and Best Visual Effects . It was also nominated for Best Cinematography and Best Film Editing , but lost both Awards to JFK .
James Cameron announced a third Terminator film many times during the 1990s, but without coming out with any finished scripts. Kassar and Vajna purchased the rights to the Terminator franchise from a bankruptcy sale of Carolco's assets. [29] Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines was eventually made and released in July 2003 without Cameron's involvement. Jonathan Mostow directed the film and Schwarzenegger returned as the Terminator.
Cameron reunited with the main cast of Terminator 2 to film T2 3-D: Battle Across Time , an attraction at Universal Studios Florida, Universal Studios Hollywood and Universal Studios Japan. It was released in 1996 and was a mini-sequel to Terminator 2: Judgment Day. The show is in two parts: a prequel segment in which a spokesperson talks about Cyberdyne, and a main feature, in which the performers interact with a 3-D movie.
[ edit ] True Lies (1994)
Main article: True Lies
Before the release of T2, Schwarzenegger came to Cameron with the idea of remaking the French comedy La Totale! Titled True Lies , with filming beginning after T2's release, the story revolves around a secret-agent spy who leads a double life as a married man, whose wife believes he is a computer salesman. Schwarzenegger was cast as Harry Tasker, a spy charged with stopping a plan by a terrorist to use nuclear weapons against the United States. Jamie Lee Curtis and Eliza Dushku played the character's family, and Tom Arnold the sidekick.
Cameron's Lightstorm Entertainment signed on with Twentieth Century Fox for production of True Lies. Made on a budget of $115 million and released in 1994, the film earned $146 million in North America, and $232 million abroad. The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects.
Main article: Titanic (1997 film)
Cameron expressed interest in the famous sinking of the ship RMS Titanic . He decided to script and film his next project based on this event. The picture revolved around a fictional romance story between two young lovers from different social classes who meet on board. Before production began, he took dives to the bottom of the Atlantic and shot actual footage of the ship underwater, which he inserted into the final film. Much of the film's dialogue was also written during these dives.
Subsequently, Cameron cast Leonardo DiCaprio , Kate Winslet , Billy Zane , Kathy Bates , Frances Fisher , Gloria Stuart , Bernard Hill , Jonathan Hyde , Victor Garber , Danny Nucci , David Warner , Suzy Amis , and Bill Paxton as the film's principal cast. Cameron's budget for the film reached about $200 million, making it the most expensive movie ever made at the time. Before its release, the film was widely ridiculed for its expense and protracted production schedule.
Released to theaters on December 19, 1997, Titanic grossed less in its first weekend ($28.6 million) than in its second, ($35.4 million), an increase of 23.8%. This is unheard of for a widely released film, which is a testament to the movie's appeal. This was especially noteworthy, considering that the film's running time of more than three hours limited the number of showings each theater could schedule. It held the No. 1 spot on the box-office charts for months, eventually grossing a total of over $600 million in the United States and Canada and more than $1.8 billion worldwide. Titanic became the highest-grossing film ever made, until Cameron's 2009 film Avatar . The CG visuals surrounding the sinking and destruction of the ship were considered spectacular. [30] Despite criticism during production of the film, it received a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations (tied with All About Eve ) at the 1998 Academy Awards . It won 11 Oscars (also record-tying with Ben-Hur and later The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ), including Best Picture , Best Film Editing , Best Sound , Best Sound Effects Editing , Best Visual Effects , Best Original Song , Best Original Dramatic Score , and the Best Director award for Cameron. [31] Upon receiving the award, Cameron exclaimed, "I'm king of the world!", in reference to one of the main characters' lines from the film. In March 2010, Cameron revealed that Titanic would be re-released in 3D in April 2012, in order to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the actual ship. [32]
[ edit ] Spider-Man and Dark Angel (2000–2002)
Main articles: Spider-Man in film#Development and Dark Angel (TV series)
Cameron had initially next planned to do a film of the comic book character Spider-Man , a project developed by Menahem Golan of Cannon Films . Columbia hired David Koepp to adapt Cameron's treatment into a screenplay, and Koepp's first draft is taken often word-for-word from Cameron's story, [33] though later drafts were heavily rewritten by Koepp himself, Scott Rosenberg, and Alvin Sargent . Columbia preferred to credit David Koepp solely, and none of the scripts before or after his were ever examined by the Writers Guild of America, East to determine proper credit attribution.[ citation needed ] Cameron and other writers objected, but Columbia and the WGA prevailed. In its release in 2002, Spider-Man had its screenplay credited solely to Koepp. [34]
Unable to make Spider-Man, Cameron moved to television and created Dark Angel , a superheroine -centered series influenced by cyberpunk , biopunk , contemporary superhero franchises, and third-wave feminism . Co-produced with Charles H. Eglee , Dark Angel starred Jessica Alba as Max Guevara , a genetically enhanced transgenic super-soldier created by a secretive organization. Cameron's work was said to "bring empowered female warriors back to television screens[...] by mixing the sober feminism of his The Terminator and Aliens characters with the sexed-up Girl Power of a Britney Spears concert." [35] While a success in its first season, low ratings in the second led to its cancellation. Cameron himself directed the series finale, a two-hour episode wrapping up many of the series' loose ends.
[ edit ] Documentaries (2002–2012)
In 1998 James and John David Cameron formed a digital media company, earthship.tv which became Earthship Productions. [36] The company produced live multimedia documentaries from the depths of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. With Earthship Productions, John Cameron's recent projects have included undersea documentaries on the Bismarck ( Expedition: Bismarck , 2002) and the Titanic ( Ghosts of the Abyss (2003, in IMAX 3D) and Tony Robinson 's Titanic Adventure (2005)). [37] He was a producer on the 2002 film Solaris , and narrated The Exodus Decoded .
Cameron is a leading advocate for stereoscopic digital 3-D films . In a 2003 interview about his IMAX 2D documentary Ghosts of the Abyss , he mentioned that he is "going to do everything in 3D now". [38] He has made similar statements in other interviews. Ghosts of the Abyss and Aliens of the Deep (also an IMAX documentary) were both shot in 3-D and released by Walt Disney Pictures and Walden Media , and Cameron did the same for his new project, Avatar for 20th Century Fox & Sony Pictures' Columbia Pictures . He intends to use the same technology for The Dive, Sanctum and an adaptation of the manga series Battle Angel Alita .
Cameron was the founder and CEO of Digital Domain , a visual effects production and technology company.
In addition, he plans to create a 3-D project about the first trip to Mars . ("I've been very interested in the Humans to Mars movement—the 'Mars Underground'—and I've done a tremendous amount of personal research for a novel, a miniseries, and a 3-D film.") [39] He is on the science team for the 2011 Mars Science Laboratory . [40]
Cameron announced on February 26, 2007, that he, along with his director, Simcha Jacobovici , have documented the unearthing of the Talpiot Tomb , which is alleged to be the tomb of Jesus. Unearthed in 1981 by Israeli construction workers, the names on the tomb are claimed, in the documentary, to correlate with the names of Jesus and several individuals closely associated with him. Scientists pictured in the feature further claim to have DNA tests, archaeological evidence, and Biblical studies to back up their claim. The documentary, named The Lost Tomb of Jesus , was broadcast on the Discovery Channel on March 4, 2007.
As a National Geographic explorer-in-residence, [41] Cameron re-investigated the sinking of the Titanic with eight experts in 2012. The investigation was featured in the TV documentary special Titanic: The Final Word with James Cameron, which premiered on April 8 on the National Geographic Channel . [42] In the conclusion of the analysis, the consensus revised the CGI animation of the sinking conceived in 1995. [43] [44]
