   Home | Tamil Previews | Tamil Reviews | Film News | Bollywood
Ko Review :If you're planning up for an entertainer to kill your time, here's 'Ko', a film with the best technical aspects enthralling us. Jeeva, Karthika, Ajmal, Pia, Prakash Raj , Kota Srinivasa Rao and Bose Venkat, have done justice to their roles.
Mappillai Review :The remake of Superstar Rajnikanth's yesteryear 'Mappillai' features Dhanush and Hansika Motwani in lead roles while Manisha Koirala plays the role that was enacted by Sri Vidya in original version.
Singam Puli Review :On the whole, Singam Puli is a commercial entertainer with the storyline reminding us off various movies based on the same plots. If you aren't looking for logics and anything new and your purpose is to just spend leisure time, ‘Singam Puli’ is recommend
Seedan Review :Subramaniam Siva picks the 9-yr old Malayalam cinema with some modifications. The filmmaker has managed to pick some good star-casts.
Endhiran Review :The Spielberg, James Cameroon and George Lucas of Indian Cinema - Shankar harked back after two years with the biggest film in the history of India. The film is full of Rajni - above, below, beside, against in all direction through and through the movie.
Madharasapattinam Review :Aarya's performance as a Dhobi and wrestler is great as he emotes stunningly towards certain sequence. Vijay should have come up with an impressive story with brilliant narration rather this one looks so unskilled on script, screenplay and direction.
Raavanan Review :Manirathnam's 'Raavanan' is remarkably great as it surpasses out to the highest degree of exceptional arenas. Vikram's characterization of 'Raavana' persona has been splendidly depicted. Prithviraj's delineation as mythological Rama is apt.
Singam Review :'Singam' is the best film of this season as the duo combo Hari-Surya is back together with a hat trick now. Singam has more reasons to watch as the film goes inclusive of entertaining elements.
Kutty Pisasu Review :Hats off to producer-filmmaker Rama Narayanan! He comes up with a film well-tailored for kids. If you've decided to watch this film, forget all your logical abilities, walk straight into the theatres, sit back and relax.
Guru Sishyan Review :Guru Shishyan turns to be a little disappointment as there were more expectations from this terrific combo Sakthi-Sundar C-Sathyaraj. The film is just for the single screen and down south audiences.
Sura Review :Sura is a racked collection of Vijay’s yesteryear films including ‘Kuruvi’, ‘Villu’ and ‘Vettaikaran’. The film lacks solidity on all aspects of narration and technical aspects.
Paiya Review :Lingusamy's 'Paiyya' is a deplorable flick that lacks solidity on many parts. With first half filled with fun, love and some enjoyable songs, the post-intermission sequences turns to be a very big disappointment for the audiences.
Angadi Theru Review :After lots of disappointing flops on almost every weekend in the past, here comes glad news for Tamil movie buffs. Vasantha Balan's 'Angadi Theru' may not be an entertainment film, but a hardcore reality about problems and pitiful lives of those salesp
Mundhinam Partheney Review :After getting through series of action-oriented commercial films, here's an opportunity to get over with a breezy romantic entertainer that doesn't let us down. 'Mundhinam Partheney' marks the debut of director Magizh Thirumeni.
Kacheri Arambam Review :'Kacheri Arambam' isn't an elision. Presenting a same-patterned commercial cinema with preexisting formulas, 'Kacheri Arambam' doesn't stand out to be a great show. Jeeva tries to prove his success with a commercial formula.
Vinnaithandi Varuvaya Review :'Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya' can be regarded as returns of this filmmaker under romance genre. It's a very simple love story that savors ardently to the tastes of present-day youngsters. Itï¿½s a feel-good story with decent ingredients meant for family
Theeratha Vilayattu Pillai Review :With most of his previous films flunking down with unfavorable results, Vishal has likely decided to play it safe with different genres.
Asal Review :'ASAL' would have been a great film if Saran had penned a good screenplay and made it yet more attractive. As of now, the film proves to be a passable show that can be watched once without any expectations. Ajith Kumar outperforms in both the roles of f
Kutty Review :'Kutty' lives up to our expectations for certain extent. And now with big day of contestation, 'Kutty' is ahead of other releases. As of now, 'Kutty' will be a winner amongst 'B' and 'C' centres.
Aayirathil Oruvan Review :If 2009 wasn't a promising year for Tamil film industry, the same situation is persists with the Pongal releases as well. When the other release 'Naanayam' is a below average fare, 'Aayirathil Oruvan' disappoints us.
Naanayam Review :With Kollywood, there haven't been films completely based on bank robberies. Now with 'Nanayam' striking out with its genre, expectations were more with slick trailer. The film abysmally fails to engross any centre.
Kandha Kottai Review :Nakul’s both the previous films ‘Kadhalil Vizhundhen’ and ‘Maasilamani’ proved to be successful films at box office. Of course, Sun Pictures had publicized the film with greater magnitude thereby increasing the popularity.
Vettaikaran Review :It's a not-good-not-bad situation when it comes about marking verdicts for 'Vettaikaran'. With Sun Pictures involved vigorous promotions, the film has probabilities of becoming a top-drawer at box office.
Renigunta Review :Debutant Panneer Selvam has crafted an interesting storyline that has right mix of violence, emotions, friendship, love and what else? A heart-wrenching climax. Renigunta is one more revival in Tamil Cinema.
Yogi Review :Ameer does a splendid job over the performance, but stumbles down on many occasions by exceeding his limits. As well, the film may not gratify the tastes of either multiplex or single screens audiences.
Palaivana Cholai Review :K.S. Dayalan remade the film Palaivana Cholai with the contemporary adaptations of projecting youngsters with present traits. The new version doesn’t seem to be a loyal remake and it may be a onetime watchable movie for this younger generation.
Saa Boo Three Review :Saa Boo Three is nothing but replicated ideas from various western side flicks as well Bollywood movies that are indeed so famous here amongst Tamil film buffs. Saa Boo Thri may hold some special attention amongst multiplex audiences.
Aadhavan Review :Aadhavan may make it big in box office, but has nothing substantive to watch out on the screens. Aadhavan hasn’t got anything new for you. The film doesn’t boast of anything exceptional.
Peranmai Review :Jeyam Ravi does justice to his role. His physique is extraordinary and it’s better if he opts for such challenging roles. Peranmai doesn’t offer anything special, expect bringing us exotic locations of forests.
Aarumugam Review :If ‘Gajendra’ was a partial remake of Suresh Krishna's own ‘Baasha’, ‘Aarumugam’ is a copycat of his ‘Anna Malai’. There’s anything much we actually convey about the film.
Thiru Thiru Thuru Thuru Review :Nothing seems to be much worthy for that big price. It doesn’t mean that ‘T4’ is such an unbearable experience to watch. It’s a good work by debutant Nandini who comes up with mirthful one-liner comedy tracks.
Unnai Pol Oruvan Review :In simple words, ‘Unnai Pol Oruvan’ can be regarded as ‘Better than the best’. When it comes to analyzing the performance, everyone in the screens have excelled with top-notching performance.
Eeram Review :Finally, putting Eeram in simple terms, the film has chances doing a fair business in box office. it's a great supernatural thriller of the season that blends romance, emotion and spine-chilling aspects.
Ninaithale Inikkum Review :First best good-quality movie picked by Sun Pictures. Kumaravelan has brilliantly picked merely the storyline with a different conceptualization. Prithviraj does a great job with a distinguished performance from original and remake version.
Kanthaswamy Review :Kanthaswamy, the most expected flick of this season is a great disappointment not simply for all Chiyaan fans, but everyone, including you and me who just waited day and night for this show.
Pokkisham Review :Pokkisham has nothing specially churned out for audiences. Cheran is so confused on making a film with commercial elements as well ‘art film’ genre. That’s the main obstruction failing to make it big.
Azhagar Malai Review :Azhagar Malai is a movie based on a simple village story. Though the story is in old commercial formula, it contains all the commercial elements to entertain the viewers.
Malai Malai Review :Malai Malai is a comeback commercial vehicle for Arun Vijay. Though the film is a typical mass masala, the movie gives enough space to the actor to show all his talents and acting skills to the Industry.
Aaru Maname Review :Aaru Maname is a film that would make at least make it successful if Theatre Projector operator lays his hands on the reel. Rajesh, the newcomers strides with high-potentials of dancing well and performing stunts.
Luck Review :Loosen your seat belts for the hardest bets and see whether ‘Luck’ lays its hand on you. ‘Luck’ shouldn’t be missed at any cost. Shruthi Haasan’s performance, mark our verdicts!
Aindham Padai Review :The film is so commercial in terms of everything where Badri seems to have lost his ideals of maintaining the logics. If spared for illogical aspects in the movie, the film Aindham Padai will be surely enjoyed by you.
Modhi Vilaiyadu Review :Modhi Vilaiyaadu is an interesting film with commercial element and right moments that will entertain the audiences. With the duration being kept short for 2.15hrs, the film is worth watching.
Achchamundu achchamundu review :Achchamundu Achchamundu movie review :  Arun Vaidyanathan brings technical revolution to Tamil Cinema at contemporary times.
Vaigai Review :Bala enacts the role of Sai Kumar, who happens to be a bigwig in a village. This is one of the best World Cinemas ever made in Tamil Cinema.
Vamanan Review :Vamanan is a film you can watch if you aren’t aware about Following and it’s a good start by Ahmed. Jai has matured a lot on his performance and has gone ahead in places with the instructions of Ahmad.
Indira Vizha Review :There is nothing such thing called a gripping screenplay, effective performance and moreover the below average technical attributes fails to make this one to fall under the category of One of the worst films of this year.
Kambakkht Ishq Review :Kambakkht Ishq is a richly presented entertainer for this season. Director Sabbir Khan does a brilliant job on picking the right entertainment quotients and delivering it flamboyantly for the audiences.
Gnabagangal Review :Pa. Vijay has been vividly entertaining us with touching lyrics and for the first time he attempts for a glorious tale based on real life incidents. On the whole, ‘Gnyabagangal’ has a good tale on the papers.
Valmiki Review :It’s all about the concept You throw a ball on wall, it bounces back to you and it has a good social message. Vaalmiki will bring home the bacon for producers with B and C centres getting with likeliness for the film.
Nadodigal Review :Subramaniapuram team waving the hands of success with their piece of recital. After watching the film, you’ll really wonder why leading actors in Kollywood refused to do this film.
Â© 2008 Zonora Technologies. All Rights Reserved.
