Share
I saw much anticipated $400 million budget James Cameron’s ‘Avatar’ few days before with one of my friend at Crystal Palm in Jaipur. Believe me every minute was worth it after 10 years of hard work and head work by James making this movie. It’s been the most enraptured, entertaining and thrilling cinematic experience of my lifetime. Simply put, it’s visually spellbinding.
This 3d sci-fi flick from James Cameron had it all, a huge spending on making (would say highest budget) and to the publicity of the movie, even more-than-expected starting in the box office. But I am not here to share my reviews about the movie, I am
thinking is there any chance that ‘Avatar’ beat the Oscar curse against sci-fi flicks or it’s only the 3D extravaganza, biggest movie of the year, criticisms, fans, box office collections, golden globe nominations!
Here is the news for all, it has been nominated for 9 categories in the Oscars till so far according to the sources. The categories include best picture, best director, visual effects, film editing, art direction, sound mixing, sound editing, music (score) and music (song). Some sources also assumed that there is a chance that actress (Sigourney Weaver) may get nominated in the best supporting actress for her role as the scientist.  Though ‘Avatar’ stands way behind the 14-Oscar winner Titanic, but it would be honor for the film as most of the fantasy films don’t find a place at the top in the Oscars.
But that’s the old story, this time many movie reviewers believe that ‘Avatar’ is one of the serious contenders for the ‘Best picture’  in the Oscars. Now it’s time to wait for 7th March 2010 where Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin host the 82nd annual Academy Awards and the whole world will see whether Oscar nominates ‘Avatar’ for best movie of 2009!
Let us all wish James Cameron ‘Avatar’ and the entire crew best of luck..
About Yogesh Mankani
is a Advertising Professional and running his own Advertising agency in Jaipur. Aside from his work, his other passion is blogging/writing. You can find him on Twitter & can connect with him on Facebook .
View all posts by Yogesh Mankani →
This entry was posted in Other and tagged Entertainment . Bookmark the permalink .
You might want to subscribe to the RSS feed for updates. If you wish to subscribe here via Email, then kindly click here .
Connect with SD on FACEBOOK easily
