Sunny Leone shoots a condom ad! »
gnepse.com – Sunny Leone, the Indo-Canadian pornstar all set to make her Bollywood debut in Jism 2, is presently in Thailand shooting for a condom ad. Sunny took a break from the Jism 2 shoot to fly to Thailand. “Shooting all day today and tommorrow in Thailand for Manforce Condom Commercial..Looks amazing and will soon...
April 25 2012 / Comments Off / Read More »
Nicole Scherzinger: Paula Abdul’s like family – I love her so much »
With her Louboutins now firmly under the US X Factor judges’ desk, Nicole Scherzinger, 33, has certainly charmed her colleagues, including the notoriously feisty Paula Abdul. But Nicole is still pinching herself after landing one of TV’s biggest jobs, sitting next to Simon Cowell, Antonio LA Reid and new BFF Paula. ‘I’m truly honoured to...
July 20 2011 / Comments Off / Read More »
Southern University Psychology Joke »
At a southern university, students in the psychology program were attending their first class on emotional extremes. “Just to establish some parameters,” said the professor to the student from Arkansas, “what is the opposite of joy?” “Sadness,” said the student. “And the opposite of depression?” he asked of the young lady from Oklahoma. “Elation,” she...
October 6 2010 / Comments Off / Read More »
How to Make a Man Extremely Excited? »
A woman is born to make a man going crazy. In order to excite a man, dress and act like a queen. Keep him craving for your next move. Men like to hunt but once they found the desired pride they loose their interest. Try to keep a man on a short leash, make him...
April 29 2011 / Comments Off / Read More »
Tips to improve hair health and appearance »
Washington, Feb 2011 (ANI): A dermatologist has offered tips on how you should take care of your hair. Dermatologist Zoe D. Draelos, MD, FAAD, consulting professor at Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, N.C., discussed the most common sources of hair damage and tips to reverse damage and maintain healthy, lustrous hair. “One of the...
February 10 2011 / Comments Off / Read More »
Sports
A brilliant century by Virat Kohli steered India to an astonishing seven-wicket victory over Sri Lanka in Hobart. Set 321 for victory and needing to reach the target within 40...
February 28 2012 / Comments Off / Read More »
Atlanta, GA — Australian Lleyton Hewitt was among the first- round winners Tuesday at the Atlanta Tennis Championships, while two high seeds...
July 20 2011 / Comments Off / Read More »
PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla.—Four days after Tiger Woods declared himself unfit to play more than nine holes at The Players Championship, he...
May 21 2011 / Comments Off / Read More »
