Movie Writer Film Director and Motion Picture Producer
Complete Name: James Francis Cameron
Date of Birth: 16 August 1954
Place of Birth: Kapuskasing, Ontario, Canada
Education: Studied physics at California State University at Fullerton
Spouse:  Suzy Amis, whom James Cameron married in June 2000
Height: 6 feet 2 inches
Hollywood Power Ranking: Top 10 (ten)
Director Filmography (Films and Movies):
Avatar (2009) - James Cameron (Director, Script Writer and Producer) and Jon Landau (Producer)
Cast of Actors: Actor Sam Worthington as Jake Sully, actress Zoe Saldana as Neytiri, actress Sigourney Weaver as Dr Grace Augustine, actor Stephen Lang as Colonel Miles Quaritch, actress Michelle Rodriguez as Trudy Chacon, actor Giovanni Ribisi as Carter Selfridge, actor Joel Moore as Norm Spellman, actress CCH Pounder as Mo'at, actor Wes Studi as Eytukan, actor Laz Alonso as Tsu'Tey, actor Dileep Rao as Dr Max Patel, actor Matt Gerald as Corporal Lyle Wainfleet and actor Peter Mensah as Akwey
20th (Twentieth) Century Fox (Domestic and International Film Distributor)
PG 13 (MPAA Movie Film Rating in the United States of America)
18 December 2009 (Theatrical Release Date in Cinemas Multiplexes Movie Venues)
$ 240 million U.S. dollars (Film Production Budget)
Avatar Plot Script Story Spoilers: In the distant future many years from now, Human star ships have found the amazing Alpha Centauri B4 with a local moon called Pandora. The exotic and strange plants and animals on Pandora breathe ammonia instead of oxygen. The hero of this alien adventure is a former marine soldier named Jake Sully, who was injured during his battle service. The Humans want to take the extremely abundant resources of Pandora for their own greedy reasons. Sully joins with the native sentient beings named the Navi on Pandora and together they fight for freedom against the warring extraterrestrial invaders from Earth.
Avatar Box Office Earnings From Cineplexes Theatres Around The Planet
$ 760.4 million U.S. dollars in North America from the United States and Canada
$ 2.0123 BILLION U.S. dollars in foreign nations and countries
$ 2.7725 BILLION U.S. dollars total global revenues in multiplexes cinemas
For the record, James Cameron's Avatar movie is the number one most successful film at the worldwide box office with its current gross revenues from cinemas multiplexes theaters. James Cameron's Titanic film, which had its theatrical run in 1997 and 1998, now ranks second behind Avatar in box office earnings.
Titanic has global box office revenues of $ 1.84 BILLION U.S. dollars. However, if this number is adjusted for inflationary price costs for current figures, Titanic's box office grosses exceed $ 2.9 BILLION U.S. dollars. Currently, Avatar is on pace to exceed $ 2.7 billion U.S. dollars at the worldwide cinemas theaters multiplexes.
James Cameron has indicated he has a plot script idea for the Avatar 2 Two ii sequel movie film revolving around another second moon similar to the Pandora moon featured in the first Avatar film movie. We might see new extraterrestrial alien species featured in Avatar 2. Also, James Cameron might visit the under water environments of Pandora during Avatar 2.
James Cameron Director Movies Films Motion Pictures
Avatar 3 iii Three (2015)
Avatar 2 Two ii (2014)
Battle Angel (announced in pre production)
Avatar (2009)
Aliens of the Deep (2005)
Ghosts of the Abyss (2003)
Also known as Titanic 3D: Ghosts of the Abyss (Australia - IMAX version)
Expedition - Bismarck (2002) (TV)
Also known as James Cameron's Expedition - Bismarck (USA - DVD title)
Earthship.TV (2001) (TV)
Dark Angel (2000) TV Series (directed episode "Freak Nation")
Also known as James Cameron's Dark Angel (USA)
Titanic (1997)
T2 3-D - Battle Across Time (1996)
Also known as T2 - Terminator 2 - 3D
Also known as Terminator 2 - 3D
True Lies (1994)
Terminator 2 - Judgment Day (1991)
Also known as Exterminator 2, El (USA - Spanish title)
Also known as T2 (USA - promotional abbreviation)
Also known as T2 - Terminator 2 - Judgment Day
Also known as T2 - Extreme Edition (USA - video box title)
Also known as T2 - Ultimate Edition (USA - video box title)
Also known as Terminator 2 - Le Jugement Dernier (France)
The Abyss (1989)
