23-Inch Wide (16:9)
2 ms (GTG) Response Time
With many of this summer&#39;s blockbuster films in 3D, the CBC reports on how it&#39;s used and what it means for the industry.
Related links
3d Movies Comcast | 3d Movies Make Me Sick | 3d Movies Lcd Tv | 3d Movies Near Me | 3d Movies Look Blurry | 3d Movies Houston | 3d Movies Pros And Cons | 3d Movies To Rent | 3d Movies Blockbuster | 3d Movies In Theaters | 3d Movies Netflix | 3d Movies Playing In Theaters | 3d Movies Miami | 3d Movies Las Vegas | 3d Movies Eye Problems | 3d Movies Schedule | 3d Movies Rental | 3d Movies At Walmart | 3d Movies On Netflix | 3d Movies Dangerous | 3d Movies Expensive | 3d Movies Madison | 3d Movies Now Playing In Theaters | 3d Movies In Miami | 3d Movies Gross
Difference engine: Going to the movies again?
HOME theatres that use large high-definition television sets coupled to surround-sound audio systems offer so immersive an experience, at so modest a cost, that they have begun to threaten the movie industry’s ticket sales. More and more people are waiting for Hollywood’s new releases to come out on DVD or Blu-ray Disc—so they can experience them in the comfort of their own homes, rather than pay extortionate prices at a local multiplex for the dubious privilege of viewing them on the silver screen.
There is nothing new, of course, about television’s impact on the cinema. A steady erosion of ticket sales has ensued since the telly took over the living room in the middle of the last century. Until recently, though, the competition between the two media was for the viewer’s time. Now it is more about disposable income and the quality of the viewing experience. A Blu-ray Disc played on a large
What is new?
Vizio Razor M3D550SR
CNET - Jun 26, 2012
If we were writing this review in 2010 or 1983 or 1953, we'd begin with how 3D will revolutionize how you watch movies (and TV)forever! Of course, 3D today is still caught in the starting blocks for home use, relegating the importance of 3D
Difference engine: Going to the movies again?
The Economist (blog) - Jun 26, 2012
And this comes after the film industry has tried every trick in the book to halt its downward spiral. The biggest stunt of late has been 3D. Following James Cameron's blockbuster movie “Avatar”, Hollywood has rushed out reels of second-rate 3D films.
Fox Offering Free Avatar Extras to Encourage Digital Sales
PC Magazine - Jun 26, 2012
But the ability to blend and combine the various versions digitally is new, as is the fact that the entire film is now covered. While the movie itself was considered a landmark for filmmaking (especially for modern 3D technology, which it helped
Bona Film Group Releases Flying Swords of Dragon Gate in 61 IMAX(R) Theatres ...
MarketWatch (press release) - Jun 26, 2012
Flying Swords of Dragon Gate: An IMAX 3D Experience is also the first-ever Chinese-language feature production to be released in IMAX 3D. The film reunites renowned director Tsui Hark with his Once Upon a Time in China leading man, Jet Li,
It's underdog vs superstar at the Golden Globes
Monsters and Critics.com - Jun 26, 2012
It's also that his film represents the apotheosis of the modern 3D movie blockbuster, filled with computer-generated special effects, alpha males and starlets that are endlessly promoted in our celebrity-driven culture. In contrast, The Artist's cast
What is popular?
