Once you’ve seen Gus Van Sant’s Restless, you realize the distributor
shuffle the film has done over the past several months says a lot about
what kind of film it is. Is it a movie better suited as a specialty
film housed at Sony Pictures Classics, or is it more of a slightly
comical, but more serious romantic drama for Columbia Pictures? Sony
chose to hand it over to the former after it originally had a January
release date with the latter. Do they have it figured out?
The dilemma Sony faced is represented in this tonally conflicted
drama that never really seems to figure itself out. Just when you think
its found its way it takes a left, carrying only fragments of its former
self with it. By the time you get to the end you’ve been jerked in so
many directions there’s very little left to take with you. Some could
argue this is a result of the film falling in line with the path of its
protagonists, and I’d agree, but it isn’t a path that necessarily ends
up leading anywhere of much consequence, and certainly not one we
haven’t traveled before.
The story revolves around Anna (Mia Wasikowska) and Enoch (Henry
Hopper), a pair of late-lost in their ways for different reasons, though
both are confronting the demons that death beholds. Enoch crashes
funerals as he’s still trying to cope with the loss of his parents who
died in a car accident — one that almost took his life as well. And, as
if that wasn’t enough, he spends most of his time with Hiroshi (Ryo
Kase), the ghost of a Japanese kamikaze pilot who’s been with him since
his parent’s death. Anna’s complications are a bit more simple, but far
more dire. She’s just been told the tumor growing in her brain gives her
only three more months to live.
Anna and Enoch find one another in a twist of fate that obviously
allows them only a short time together, but perhaps within that time
they can each find something in the other to help them along their way.
Basically, this film isn’t anything new from a story standpoint and when
screenwriter Jason Lew attempts to spice it up into something original
it feels very forced as all of the pieces have a hard time coming
together.
Where story and structure left me ultimately unfulfilled, Restless
became a film for the two lead actors to showcase their talents and from
that perspective it works. Wasikowska has managed to choose a string of
several good films since her major debut in Alice in Wonderland. From
The Kids are All Right to Jane Eyre, each film continues to prove she’s
an actress with something the camera and audience likes. With Restless
she once again proves to have a special something, though I could never
quite tell if some of her character’s behaviors were due to her brain
tumor or if she was indecisive on how to play Anna.
Hopper on the other hand — yes he is the son of the late Dennis
Hopper — is the film’s main standout. He gives a top-notch performance,
playing a character far more complicated than anyone would initially
assume. There’s something in his eyes and his James Franco-esque smile
that captures your attention. He brings wit and charm to his character,
making it easy to understand why Anna would be so taken with someone who
seems to need some serious psychiatric help.              Watch Restless Movie Online
I should also mention Schuyler Fisk — another member of the “famous
actor sibling group” as she’s the daughter Sissy Spacek — who gives a
passionate turn as Anna’s sister Elizabeth. Her’s isn’t a large part,
but she manages the role of the concerned big sister rather well.
Van Sant is also extremely effective with his camerawork, teaming
once again with longtime cinematographer Harris Savides to provide
several fantastic close-ups of Wasikowska and Hopper together. The most
impressive moment of the bunch comes just after the two draw chalk
outlines of themselves as the film calls back to David Lynch’s
Mulholland Dr. and before that, Ingmar Bergman’s Persona. This instance,
however, is presented under much lighter circumstances than those
