Release Date: July 24, 2005 at 9 PM
:::Synopsis
James Cameron, Oscar-winning writer/director/producer of the blockbuster film Titanic, will make his last trip to the doomed ship this summer as part of an unprecedented television event.  LAST MYSTERIES OF THE TITANIC, a poignant farewell to the most spectacular shipwreck in history, will have its world premiere Sunday, July 24th at 9 PM on Discovery Channel. Utilizing newly developed technology, Cameron and his team present history’s best look yet at the ship’s interior, including some areas not seen since Titanic’s lone voyage in 1912.  And since time and the harsh conditions of the ocean floor have taken their toll on the ship, these may be the last images ever gathered of the Titanic before it is surrendered to the deep forever. The majestic Titanic has been an object of fascination and study for decades, but many tantalizing questions still remain about the ship and its catastrophic sinking.  This expedition, Cameron’s final and most comprehensive dive yet, attempts to uncover clues and solve some of the Titanic’s most haunting mysteries.  Throughout LAST MYSTERIES OF THE TITANIC, Cameron’s specially designed remotely operated vehicles explore the Turkish Baths (the best-preserved and most opulent remaining space in the ship’s interior), Scotland Road (the crew quarters), the first class cabins (which are full of countless personal possessions of the Titanic’s wealthy passengers), the mysterious boiler room #6 and the cargo holds (which housed the luggage of the ship’s first class passengers and remain largely unexplored). LAST MYSTERIES OF THE TITANIC combines re-enactments, archival footage, and the results of two new Titanic dives with live updates from James Cameron from aboard one of the two MIR submersibles while at the wreck and from the Keldysh, his research vessel.  Re-enactments were filmed using sets built during the production of the feature film, Titanic, and present a vivid look at rarely-seen areas of the vessel.  As this is his last expedition to the doomed ship, the special also features Cameron’s live farewell to the Titanic. LAST MYSTERIES OF THE TITANIC is sponsored by Chevy. LAST MYSTERIES OF THE TITANIC is directed by James Cameron and produced by Andrew Wight.  For Discovery Channel, executive producer is David McKillop. Discovery Channel is the United States’ largest cable television network, serving 90.2 million households across the nation with the finest in informative entertainment.  Discovery Networks, U.S., a unit of Discovery Communications, Inc., operates and manages Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet, Travel Channel, Discovery Health Channel, Discovery HD Theater, Discovery Kids Channel, Discovery Times Channel, The Science Channel, Discovery Home Channel, Military Channel, Discovery en Español and FitTV.  The unit also distributes BBC AMERICA.
