Pacquaio won easily on CompuBox
Some fight.
Manny Pacquiao connected on 253 of 751 punches (34%), compared to 159 of 839 (19%) for Timothy Bradley, and outlanded the challenger in 10 of the 12 rounds.
“I don’t remember if he hit me with one punch,” Pacquiao said afterward.
Bradley’s big weapon has often been his head. For most of his career, the 5-foot-6 Bradley has fought taller fighters. As such, he often lunges forward when he punches, which frequently leads to head-to-head contact.
In 2009, a TKO win over Nate Campbell was changed to a no-contest after it was ruled that it was Bradley’s head, not a punch, that opened up the cut that stopped the fight. Last year, Devon Alexander complained that Bradley head butts opened up cuts on his face, too.
Pacquiao’s camp was rightfully concerned about Bradley’s head-butting, dubbing him “Billygoat Bradley.” Avoiding Bradley’s dome has been a very specific part of Pacquaio’s training.
Pacquaio had no need to fear any damage from head-butts—his real opponents were the judges.
Ringside judges Duane Ford and C.J. Ross both scored it 115-113 to Bradley, dissenting with Jerry Roth, who had it 115-113 to Pacquiao. Ringsiders had it as 117-111 in favor of Pacquiao—but ringsiders like most of the rest of us just don’t count.
 Who are these one percenters, Duane Ford and C.J. Ross who gave the bout to Bradley?
Duane Ford, a sharp-eyed 73 year old, is a very active judge, and will next be “working” the Ann Sophie Mathis – Holly Him ladies bout on June 15th at the Route 66 Casino,  in Albuquerque, New Mexico. This is not exactly big time but can help out with Duane Ford’s social security payments—if he still needs them after the Bradley decision.
 C.J. Ross is a lady. Her first name is Cynthia. Duane and Cynthia have worked together before, most recently at the November 12, 2011 bout at the MGM Grande between Juan Carlos Burgos and Luis Cruz.
 If you look at the records, found here , you can see that the Las Vegas “judges” are recycled over and over again. It’s great work for a senior—if you can get it.
 Thanks to Duane and Cynthia, at this point, Manny Pacquiao has as much of a chance of fighting Floyd Mayweather Jr., as he does fighting Mayweather’s dad, Floyd Mayweather Sr.
The Pacquaio-Bradley judges' scorecard
 
 
Unraveling the unraveling of Facebook
What a deal!
Here’s all you need to know about the Facebook IPO in short simple terms that anyone can understand.
Zuckerberg
At the last moment of its IPO, greedy Facebook said the number of shares for sale would be increased to 421 million, 25% more than it had previously planned to offer.
Few investors knew that the bulk of the shares were being sold by Zuckerberg and friends—and that far fewer shares were being sold to finance Facebook.
Zuckerberg and friends raked in $9.2 billion while Facebook received “only” $6.8 billion.
The investors were paying off Facebook insiders far more than they were investing in Facebook.
Of the $38 per share price that the investors were coughing up, only $16.24 was going to Facebook, while a whopping $21.76 was going into the pockets of Zuckerberg and friends.
Bad? It gets worse.
The investors were buying Facebook “Class A” shares which have very little voting power—almost none.
After the IPO, Zuckerberg and friends still hold an incredible 1,780,535,644 shares of Class B common stock. These Class B shares are valued at $66.7 billion as they are convertible into Class A shares.
Here’s the kicker: The Facebook prospectus states, “Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes.”
JPMorgan Chief Jamie Dimon puts another one over on the public
Doing the math we see that the investors Class A shares lumped together have only 4.1% of the votes while the Class B shares belonging to Zuckerberg and friends have a whopping 95.9% of the votes.
The Facebook investors will have absolutely no say in the running of Facebook.
Stockholder meetings will be a joke—if they even bother to have them.
The Facebook IPO is the biggest rip-off in history. Zuckerberg alone is not to blame.
The lead banker, Morgan Stanley, assisted  by the  now-notorious Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan, structured the deal. For their work, Morgan Stanley and the other underwriters were paid roughly $170 million in fees for handling the IPO and raking in the investors.
Then there were the Nasdaq “problem.” It was claimed that the I.P.O’s unprecedented size presented an enormous challenge for Nasdaq. This is misleading to put it in polite terms. Nasdaq normally trades 1.5 trillion shares a day. True, the IPO was 400+ million  shares, but Nasdaq could cope with that. Nasdaq’s “failure” in confirmation of clients” trades led to unprecedented confusion and later chaos. A number of investors dumped shares on the first day due to the confusion which send the shares plummeting below their IPO price, when the underwriters had step in.
So we have two stories regarding Nasdaq – too much volume and a failure to confirm clients’ trades. Over the course of time, other excuses and misinformation will surely emerge. The fact is that Nasdaq was colluding with JPMorgan and friends to keep Faceback shares from crashing in value during the IPO. This did work—during the IPO—but the stock price crashed anyway.
There are thousands of shares listed on  was listed. Morgan Stanley, her former employer and lead banker for the offering, also faced questions about its role in the I.P.O.
The investors finally woke up and filed suit in Manhattan federal court on May 23 against Facebook, Zuckerberg, and underwriters Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Bofa Merrill Lynch, Barclays Capital, Allen & Company LLC., (the usual suspects) accusing them of misleading them about the company’s financial prospects.
Shareholders said research analysts at several underwriters had lowered their business forecasts for Facebook during the IPO process, but that these changes were “selectively disclosed by defendants to certain preferred investors” rather than to the public generally.
In other words, Wall Street knew what was going down, but Main Street was left in the dark.
So, what else is new?
May 31st update: Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman dismissed outrage over Facebook’s botched initial public offering, calling investors who had expected immediate gains “naïve” for having “bought it under the wrong pretences”. Huh? Should the investors have expected to take heavy losses, James? Should the investors have expected Facebook to break all previous records for dollar value lost on a new IPO?
James Gorman didn’t stop his con job there—he also defended the decision to expand the size of the IPO, saying, “We had unprecedented retail demand?” Maybe he should have said, “We had unprecedented greed on our part.”
Then Gorman tried to lay some blame on Nasdaq for sowing “confusion” on Facebook’s first day of trading. As we pointed out, above, Nasdaq’s “computer glitches” were actually done to protect Gorman’s Morgan Stanley and the other underwriters—the usual suspects.
Finally, seeking a bit of undeserved sympathy, Gorman said “Give this a little bit of time … We’re only on day eight here.”
Scott Sweet, senior managing partner at investor advisory firm, IPO Boutique, said: “Anything that makes it seem as though it wasn’t that bad is wrong. This does not happen with deals like this. This happens with fourth-tier underwriters.”
Scott was nearly right, he should have said “This happens with crooked underwriters.”
June 2nd update: 
REUTERS reported that, on June 4,  Facebook’s website suffered sporadic outages on Thursday, anywhere from half an hour to two hours according to various blogs, tweets and affected users, but the company said the problem has been fixed. This is yet another example of our young techies failure to understand how to build a datacenter. It’s not their fault—blame in on the educational system which believes the world begins and ends with PCs. The PC-oriented datacenter is a mass of PCs all hooked together by external (and slow) wires to communicate between them. Throw out that junk and install IBM mainframes using Sysplex to keep them in sync. If one goes down the other jumps in immediately. There is also a major savings in rent, air-conditioning, and even wires.
Notes:
From the prospectus
The Facebook prospectus states, “Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes and is convertible at any time into one share of Class A common stock. The holders of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock will hold approximately 95.9% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this offering, and our founder, Chairman, and CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, will hold or have the ability to control approximately 55.8% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this offering.”
CLASS A COMMON STOCK
Facebook, Inc. is offering 180,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock and the selling stockholders are offering 241,233,615 shares of Class A common stock. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders. This is our initial public offering and no public market currently exists for our shares of Class A common stock. We anticipate that the initial public offering price will be between $34.00 and $38.00 per share.
We have two classes of common stock, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except voting and conversion rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes and is convertible at any time into one share of Class A common stock. The holders of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock will hold approximately 95.9% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this offering, and our founder, Chairman, and CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, will hold or have the ability to control approximately 55.8% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this offering.
The money
For the mathematically inclined, Zuckerberg and friends sold 241,233,615 Class A shares for $9,166,877,370 while Facebook sold 180,000,000 Class A shares for $6,840,000,000.
No control for the public shareholders,  only for the insiders
No Class B shares were sold to the public.
The TPP is already taking jobs away from America
TPP representitives - pigs at the trough?
Why was the job market bad last week? It was bad because many companies have decided to hold off on hiring for now.
Why are many companies holding off on hiring for now? They are holding off because of the possible approval of The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP).
What is the TPP? It is a multilateral free trade agreement something like NAFTA—something that will export more American jobs overseas. That is why hiring is off in the United States.
The TPP? What’s that? It is a proposed agreement which aims to open U.S. markets to countries of the Asia-Pacific region, namely New Zealand, Australia, Chile, Peru, Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam and Brunei. Canada, Japan and Mexico are all expected to join the TPP talks, and many see more Pacific Rim countries including China and Russia eventually signing on.
TPP is estimated to be able to boost trade by $1.1 trillion by 2025. The next round of negotiations will be in Dallas next week. It will be the biggest giveaway of jobs and tax money (overseas tax-free profits) in the history of the U.S.
Next week in Dallas, negotiations for what’s likely to be the largest Free Trade Agreement (FTA) in U.S. history will continue in near total secrecy.
Why the secrecy? The darkness surrounding the talks isn’t surprising, considering the American public’s increasing disapproval of FTAs and the laundry list of corporate handouts under discussion.
Who is responsible for the blackout of information about TPP? The big multinationals. Their henchman is US trade representative Ron Kirk and his growing crackdown on public involvement, despite his false claims of “unprecedented transparency.”
Vietnam workers replacing Americans
The negotiators must hide certain facts, such as the TPP would make it easier for corporations to offshore jobs by opening our market to Vietnamese labor, which has even lower average wages than China. Labor costs in Vietnam are still lower than those of its other neighbors Thailand and China. Vietnamese factory workers earn just two thirds of what their comrades in China bring home.
Brunei is another beneficiary of TPP. This is even though Brunei remains on a “watch list” of countries identified as violators of intellectual property rights (IPR), according to a report by the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). After all, Brunei and the US are founding members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) negotiations.
New Zealand’s Prime Minister John Key says the timeframe of concluding the TPP agreement is important noting that the TPP could add $2.1 billion to the New Zealand economy by 2025. Of course he failed to point out that the TPP would rob the US of jobs and income.
The only that the TPP can get past public scrutiny is if no one ever hears about it. Fortunately, activists are fighting back May 8 to 18 in Dallas, and an online petition has already garnered thousands of signatures calling on Kirk either to be fired or to release TPP proposals.
June 5,2012 update:
The Obama administration is now considering adding Japan, Mexico and Canada to a Pacific- region trade accord being negotiated by nine nations, a top economic adviser to President Barack Obama said.
The TPP like the World Trade Organization will benefit only large US corporations. Under the WTO, American tax dollars pay for a free foreign plant, a guarantee against most foreign losses, and a tax-free ride so long as the profits are not brought back into the US. Unemployment in the US will never improve so long as the WTO is in existence.
June 19 update:
It was announced Tuesday, June 19, 2012 that leaders of the current Transpacific Partnership (TPP) have invited Mexico and Canada to join the TPP trade negotiations. Cargill applauds their entry.
Currently TPP includes nine countries: Singapore, Brunei Darussalam, United States, New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Peru, Chile, and Vietnam with Canada and Mexico joining the crowd to take jobs away from Americans (to the benefit of the one-percenters.
Bring back tariffs!
Secret Service Shenanigans
Not everyone is unhappy over the incident
Senior Senate Republican Iowa Sen. Charles Grassley says Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan told him Tuesday that he’s referred the matter to the agency’s inspector general.
Other lawmakers Sullivan met with on Tuesday say he reports getting conflicting accounts about whether the 20 or 21 women who met with eleven Secret Service members and ten military personnel in Cartagena, Columbia were prostitutes. Other sources state the girls were not prostitutes but minors, but that has been contested,
Cocaine and several bottles of whiskey apparently fueled the fling according to the hotel staff.
The room where the drug fueled orgy was held was trashed by the Secret Service (two of which were supervisors) and military personnel (of which five are elite special forces men). The hotel staff went to the room with the police after one prostitute raised hell after a Secret Service member initially refused to pay her.
According to the hotel staff, “The prostitute was screaming in the lobby that he didn’t pay her,” the early-morning shift worker recalled. “She looked like she had a few drinks in her. She just wanted what was promised to her.”
“The agent was supposed to pay her a “bar fine” (really a fee for the pimp) on top of the pay rate for her sexual services, but he didn’t,” he said. Her name was reported to be Dania.
Dania claims she was short changed and that the Secret Service refused to pay her pimp
“When I went upstairs I walked into a messy room. The room was littered with two whiskey bottles—and a line of white powder, I believed to be cocaine, was on top of a round glass table in the room,” the hotel staff member said.
Secret Service Agents in Columbia. With their uniforms and badges, how secret can they be?
Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan reports to Homeland Security head, Janet Napolitano. Whoever these girls may or may not be, hookers, spies, or schoolgirls, Secretary Napolitano is livid even apoplectic over the affair. It is feared she may have a conniption fit over the incident.
In order to enter through the top security surrounding Obama’s secret service agents, and a couple of dog handling marines, the girls had to give their identities. This has enabled the authorities to track down the girls and question them. The concern is that some of the girls may be in the pay of Al Qaeda or other Arab terrorists.
One of the Secret Service officers,  David Randall Chaney, 48, has agreed to resign and the other, a supervisor, intends to retire according to the agency. A third, Greg Stokes, who was assistant special agent in charge of the K-9 division,, has been recommended for firing, but will have an opportunity to appeal, officials said.
It is incredible that any of the agents should be allowed to retire. The agency has stated that the suspected agents have or will be given lie detector tests.
Since, however, these agents have been trained on how to fool lie detector tests, what good will the tests do? Perhaps the the entire group, the eleven Secret Service agents, and the ten military men should be put to another type of test.
They should be waterboarded!
Developing…
Gone with the Wind starring Justin Bieber and Kim Kardashian
Bieber, Kardashian, Gone with the Wind!
It was an exciting day for us. We had a chance to interview James Cameroon the producer/director of the remake of Gone with the Wind starring Justin Bieber and Kim Kardashian.
In spite of the two hundred million dollar cost of producing the new Gone with the Wind, we noticed that James Cameroon’s office was modest and unimposing as we entered. We felt very much at ease.
A secretary asked us to be seated as Mr. Cameroon would be with us in a minute.
In no time, James Cameroon himself entered the office from a side door.
“Hi, I’m Jim,” said Mr. Cameroon with a friendly smile. He was an unimposing fellow, short and fat, and seemed to be somewhere in his forties or fifties.
We explained to Mr. Cameroon that we were reporters from JohnHarding.com, and were here to get some background information on his epic re-make of Gone with the Wind.
“Youse come to the right place,” smiled Mr. Cameroon.
We felt quite at ease with the great man.
Before we could ask a single question, Cameroon took off on an explanation of Gone with the Wind, and its stars, Bieber and Kardashian.
“Dis here film is gonna cost two hundred million dollars to produce—easy. Justin and Kim are getting thirty million apiece. Nice chunk’a change, huh?”
“Who is going to finance the film?” we asked.
“Nobody,” said Cameroon.
“Nobody?”
“Yeah, the entire thing is financed by product placements. You know, like there is an iPad on the dining table a Black and Decker toaster in the kitchen and stuff like that.”
“But, did they have those things in Civil War days?”
“Izzy,” shouted a voice from the other room. Cameroon took no notice of it.
“Well, yeah, of course, I just wanted to give you an easy example. We can have lawnmowers and stuff like that. They can be drinkin’ Pepsi or milk—ya know milk is big now.”
“But?”
“Izzy, the phone ain’t workin’,” came a shout from the other room.
“Who is ‘Izzy?” we asked.
“Nah—that was my partner—he was shouting ‘Is he’ not ‘Izzy.’”
Taking another angle on the film we asked if Justin Bieber could handle a manly role like Clark Gable. Especially the scene where Clark Gable runs up the stairs, carrying Vivian Lee. “It is hard to think that Justin Bieber could run up those stairs carrying Kim Kardashian.”
“Yeah, know what ya mean—Kim’s gotta a lotta beef on her,” laughed Cameroon, “We could’a got Schwarzenegger, but he don’t speak English too good.”
Cameroon continued, “Youse guys don’t know anything about the movies or the way that scene was done. They used something like Pixar animation, pixel stuff—pixels.”
“Yes, but Pixar didn’t exist and those days.”
“Pixar, did I say Pixar? In dat scene, the figure of Clark Gable was actually drawn by the Disney studios cartoonists. It was just a cartoon. It wasn’t really happening.”
“It sure didn’t look like a cartoon.”
“Yeah, it could have been one of them stop motion things where he would take one step and then they would click take the frame and then take another step, click, you know, they did stuff like that back in those days, like King Kong.”
“Yes, I see.”
 ”No, the only problem I had with Justin Bieber was the deciding between him and Ben Stiller. Stiller really wanted the role but I just didn’t see him in make-out scenes with Kim Kardashian, so we went with Bieber. Also, Stiller wanted his mom in the movie playing that maid that said, ‘I don’t know nothin’ ’bout birthin’ babies!’—go figure.”
“I see.”
“Izzy, did you pay the phone bill?” came the voice again from the other room,
We decided to ignore the voice and instead ask Cameroon about the curious similarity between his name and that of the director of Titanic, James Cameron.
“Ain’t no similarity between names so far as I know. Don’t think he’s Italian like me but we are in some ways a bit similar. I love the sea. He does all that deep sea diving. I got a mask and snorkel and I’m going down there and taking a look at what is under the water just like that there James Cameron guy you mentioned. Our deep sea stuff is our only similarity—and producing and directing big time movies. Still, my name gets a lotta respect with them there head waiters.”
“Izzy!” came the voice again from the other room.
“Hey guys,” said Cameroon, “Love, ya, but I gotta go. It’s the first of April. Great talking to youse. Be sure to give a good write up on my film starring Kim and Justin they’s great kids.”
We thanked James Cameroon and left.
Swiss expats say Singaporeans not entitled to jobs in Singapore
Haughty Franziska Zimmermann
Swiss lawyer Franziska Zimmermann may have been in Singapore for only 18 months, but she talked as if she has been staying in Singapore since birth and even found fit to lecture Singaporeans!
In an interview conducted by the Straits Times on expatriates working in Singapore, 37 year old Ms Zimmermann felt that Singaporeans are generally friendly to foreigners though some harbor anti-foreigner sentiments, that is to be expected.
“This anti-foreigner issue is in every city. It’s a natural debate and the Swiss are questioning it too. But no one owes anyone else a living; you cannot say you are entitled to jobs in your country,” she says.
Her colleague Ms. Elouisa Dalli added that she is “aware” that Singaporeans worry about a growing divide between the cosmopolitan rich like her she brags, and lower-income heartlanders, but praises Singapore as a society where “opportunities remain open to all.”
"Cosmopolitan rich" Elouisa Dalli
“Everyone in Singapore, regardless of his social background, has the same access to the MRT, education, safety and job opportunities. “Only if these opportunities are available only to the top in society that you have a true divide,” she was quoted as saying.
The insensitive and downright stupid statements by the arrogant ladies, Zimmerman and Dalli, are not only insulting to Singaporeans, but are harmful to the two ladies and even more so to Syngenta, the company for which they both work.
Ms. Zimmerman is Manager, Public Affairs Asia-Pacific at Syngenta Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. It is unforgivable that a manager of public affairs would make such an inappropriate comment about the guest country, Singapore, where she is working.  
Elouisa Dalli is Media & Community Relations Manager, for Syngenta. She is supposed to generate good publicity for Syngenta, but has done exactly the opposite.
Franziska Zimmermann and Elouisa Dalli are not qualified for their jobs as they are insensitive to public affairs or community relations. In both these areas they have only damaged not only their own reputations, but Syngenta’s as well.
Syngenta for its own good, and as an apology to Singapore and Singaporeans, should fire both Franziska Zimmermann and Elouisa Dalli.
Singapore should withdraw their employment visas, as well.
The US-Saudi-Al Qaeda Alliance in Syria
Millions of Shia Muslims gather around the Hussein Mosque in Karbala after making the Pilgrimage on foot to mourn the loss of the Battle of Karbala
On Wednesday, March 14, 2012, Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Martin Dempsey told the Senate Armed Services Committee that the Obama administration would seek “international permission” before engaging in war in Syria.
This is obviously a ruse as the United States is already covertly involved in Syria’s war and is allied in this effort with two Sunni dominated allies—Saudi Arabia and Al Qaeda.
The unholy (literally) alliance of the U. S., the Saudis and al-Qaeda is out to destroy Bashar Assad, the Shiite ruler of Syria. The alliance is behind the “revolt” in Syria, which  is actually a covert proxy war against Iran who has sent 15,000 troops to help Syria’s Assad.
The unintended consequence of the U. S. invasion of Iraq was that it enabled the Shias to come to power in Iraq after Sadaam’s Sunni government was wiped out. The Sunni/Shia balance of power was tipped in favor of the Shias.
By defeating Iraq’s Sunnis and putting the Shias in power, President Bush unwittingly (how apt a term!) inserted the U. S. in the Sunni-Shiite struggle-a struggle which began 1,332 years ago.
The Sunni/Shia conflict stated with The Battle of Karbala on Muharram 10, in the year 61 of the Islamic calendar (October 10, 680) in Karbala—a city in present day Iraq.
The Sunnis won the battle and the Shiite leader, Hussain, and all his supporters were killed, including his six months old infant son. The triumphant Sunnis took the Shiite women and children as prisoners.
Consequently, in Iraq, as in Syria, Al Qaeda is also fighting on the side of the Sunnis as an ally of the U. S. to defeat the Shias.
The media, notably CNN’s Anderson Cooper, spins a misleading story of the oppressed minority in Syria. CNN fails to report that this “oppressed minority” is actually the Sunni majority.
According to another misleading report by NBC correspondent, Ayman Mohyeldin, “The conflict in neighboring Syria has put Hezbollah, the staunch regional resistance movement, in a tough spot. Despite praising the Arab Spring democracy movement in many other countries, Hezbollah and its leader Nasrallah are standing by the Assad regime, even as it kills thousands of its own people to preserve power.”
Ayman conveniently fails to tell us that Nasrallah is a Shia.
Welcome to the new ally of the United States—Al Qaeda, and to The Battle of Karbala II.
April 4, 2012 update: Saudi Propaganda to the rescue!
Abdulateef Al-Mulhim, Commodore, Royal Saudi Navy (Retired)
Abdulateef Al-Mulhim, Commodore, Royal Saudi Navy (Retired) has written an revealing piece or propaganda in the semi-official Saudi blog, SusrisBlog .
Al-Mulhim states, “What started the Syrian Spring uprising are very simple basic rights, which many of the Syrian masses didn’t have. All the Syrian masses demand good education, good health care, good roads, justice and free space to breathe-democracy.”
He goes on to say, “And are outsiders the real threat to Syria? Or is it poverty, bad education, injustice, early morning political arrests and unemployment?”
It is interesting to hear Al-Mulhim, a Saudi, make the case that the current civil war in Syria, is simply between Syrians.
Al-Mulhim is following the American line in order to disguise the true cause of the uprising in Syria. Like CNN’s Anderson Cooper he goes on to recite the atrocities of the Syrian conflict, “We saw live coverage of Syrian soldiers killing men, women and children. We saw live coverage of mosques being blown up by the mighty Syrian war machine.”
Al Mulhim even seems to be on the side of Israel stating further, “In the Syrian Spring, Israel for the first time won a war without mobilizing one single soldier, tank or plane. The Syrians lost even the media war of the Syrian Spring. And Israel, without paying any public relations money, showed the world how the Syrians used their war machine against their own people.”
Al Mulhim, a Sunni Moslem, obviously hates the fact that Syria is run by a Shia minority. He attempts to conceal the fact that the conflict in Syria has been brought about by as we wrote before, “the unholy alliance of the U. S., the Saudis and al-Qaeda.”
The propaganda machine rolls on…
May 12, 2012 update
Finally, the news media is beginning to raise “concerns” that Al-Qaida terrorists may be involved in the Syrian civil war.
Bashar Al-Assad, Syria’s president’s claims of Al-Qaeda interference are proving be correct after all, admits the media and others.
Massive car bombs, a tool of Al-Qaeda, are just more indications that foreign fighters  have entered into the political chaos. Shipments of stolen arms from Libya have been entering Syria for some time, with the complicity of the U.S.
“I think this is a symptom of the fact that the conflict is attracting the influx of jihadists who are often involved in these kinds of suicide attacks. And specifically it looks like al-Qaida,” said Heritage Foundation senior Middle East analyst James Phillips.
The Syrian government is urging the U.N. Security Council to take action in the wake of the blasts, maintaining that they are proof that Syria is facing terrorist attacks led by groups receiving foreign support. This fact of Syria’s seeking U.S. Security Council action is largely ignored by Al-Qaeda’s de-facto “ally,” the United States.
Panetta’s admission
At a briefing at the Pentagon with the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Panetta was asked, “Secretary Panetta, if I may, on al Qaeda in Syria, you’ve said that we don’t have any indication of al Qaeda in that—those double explosions that took place in Damascus. But what kind of assessment do you have on al Qaeda activity in Syria? Because the Syrian government confirms that Al-Qaida is active in Syria. Do you have an indication to say that Al-Qaeda is actually active, how big it is, and is it a concern for you?”
Panetta responded by confirming the terrorist group’s presence, but provided few details.
There you have it—Panetta’s confirmation of what we told you back on March 19th! Panetta has yet to admit that Al-Qaeda, along with the Saudis are allies of the United States in this effort to take over Syria.
(I have lived for nine years in Saudi Arabia, speak Arabic, and have great sources. Stay tuned…)
Medical Tourism in Mexico – Common Concerns
Hospital Fray Bernardino in Mexico City
Health-tourism.com estimates the number of medical tourists thronging Mexico to vary between 150,000 and 500,000 every year. If you are considering medical treatments in Mexico, you may have a few questions and concerns. This is not only completely normal, but also wise. Whenever you are making a major decision regarding your personal health, you should take the time to understand all of the dynamics and possible risks of your desired surgery.
Some television shows have depicted the ugliest side of medical tourism in countries like Mexico, thus leaving potential medical tourists fearful. While it is good to consider things, it must also be taken into account that these shows are dramatized versions of reality. Almost all concerns regarding medical tourism in Mexico have solutions. Here are some of the most common hesitations:
How Do I Ensure That I Will Get Quality Care?  
Whether you are going for breast augmentation in Cancun or dental implants in Tijuana , the most common way to ensure you get the best possible care is to do your homework.
Read up about the doctor who will be treating you.
Check the credentials of the medical facility where you will get your treatment.
Try to get testimonies from patients who have had the same treatment at the same facility.
If you do the aforementioned research, your chances of getting quality care while in Mexico go up exponentially.
How Will I Get Follow-up Care?
It is a good idea to make sure that your general physician in the US knows that you are about to undergo medical treatment abroad. You should fill your local doctor in on all of the details so that when you come home you have a doctor familiar with your case on hand should you need it.
Mexico – Safety Tips
Every day we keep on reading about the safety issues in Mexico. However, following the travel advice issued by the government of your country and being vigilant can help ward off the likelihood of any untoward incidents. When you are a tourist in a foreign country you should take certain precautions. Some of those include:
Don’t venture out alone with people you have just met.
Don’t stay out late while alone.
Don’t walk around in places with few people, even if with a friend.
Don’t carry large sums of cash around with you.
Don’t accept drinks from unknown persons in bars.
And
Do be alert and attentive.
Do travel with a friend or companion if possible.
Do build a good relationship with the front desk reception of the hotel where you are staying.
Can I Go Back to the US Right After My Procedure?  
The one mistake many medical tourists make, is rushing back to the US immediately after their surgery. If you are getting a treatment such as cancer treatment or IVF in Mexico , you may be required to stay for a few days, so you can get the required follow-up care and recuperate well in order for the procedure to be a success.
Listen to the advice of your doctor. Give yourself ample time to recover in Mexico. You have to remember that you just underwent surgery! Rest and relaxation are required for at least a few days. If this seems impossible to fit into your schedule, just remember that failure to recover properly could lead to complications later, which could result in months of recovery
Our guest author Bio:
Dr. Deepika Garg – Dentist, Internet Enthusiast, now involved in Medical Tourism .
