The currency of time —Why valuations of $1 trillion are possible on the internet?
It is well established that probably the most scarce currency available with all of us is Time . It is scarce as it is the only unit that is finite and  unless the holy grail of immortality is achieved), will remain finite in the forseeable future. When humans were evolving due to paucity of activities [...]
Education as a “journey” and not a “destination”
I am amazed how we have managed to compress education into approximately 20 years of our life ie starting at the age of 5 and ending at the age of 25. I feel that this is one of the biggest handicaps that we face as humans as most of us feel that we need to [...]
When “work” is not work —-Why size should not be feared in business
“The more I want to get something done , the less  I call it work”—-This line from the book “illusions” by Richard bach gives us a very good picture as to why a team of 1-2-3-4 people working in a garage somewhere are able to develop new things that miss the eyes of large R&D [...]
Origin of any business: The hypothetical “Zero” to the present “One”
The story goes that the President of the Michigan Savings bank advised Mr. Horace Rackham, who was Henry Ford’s lawyer, not to invest in The Ford motor company. His exact words were supposed to be,“The horse is here to stay, but the automobile is only a novelty–a fad.” Rackham ignored the advice and invested $5000 [...]
Innovation—-Where “nothing” is always better than “something”
The beauty of youth is not energy or long life but is the fact that it is the only time in your life when you can do something “fantastic” as you are not burdened with “knowledge”. In the movie “Avatar” by james Cameroon , one of the characters tells the other that you are not [...]
Feeling—-The basis of innovation?
So what actually makes a person come up with new thoughts? This is a perennial source of battle in my mind as the one thing that makes me feel alive is “new thoughts” and so the constant need to find an answer to this question. I was watching the movie inception recently and was amazed [...]
Facebook: Its not advertising but taxes that will make money
It is a well established fact that Facebook is now the 3rd largest country in the world with over 900 million inhabitants. It is also well known that as a “country” it is only 8 years old ! Never before in the history of the world have so many people lived on a single platform [...]
The “parasitic” nature of “ideas”
“What is the most resilient parasite? Bacteria? A virus? An intestinal worm? An idea. Resilient… highly contagious. Once an idea has taken hold of the brain it’s almost impossible to eradicate. An idea that is fully formed – fully understood – that sticks; right in there somewhere.” This statement by Mr Cobb a character played [...]
