Single-Page
At the height of the cold war, Fidel Castro and John F. Kennedy were the bitterest of adversaries. So when the Cuban leader strode into a reception room at the Palace of the Revolution here early today to meet Robert and Michael Kennedy, two nephews of the American President, history hung heavily over the encounter.
The Bay of Pigs, the Cuban missile crisis -- Mr. Castro reflected on the major conflicts between the United States and Cuba that marked his first years in power, and on the Kennedy assassination. But pressed by his American visitors during a colloquy that lasted nearly three hours, he also responded to issues that still cloud relations with the United States, like human rights and Cuba's nuclear power program.
My family and my own life have been intertwined with Cuba," Robert F. Kennedy Jr. told Mr. Castro at one point, recalling how as a child he was allowed by his father, the Attorney General and chief adviser to his brother the President, to come into meetings on the Cuban missile crisis. "Although there was much antagonism in the political relationship," he added, there was also respect for Mr. Castro's skills as a soldier and leader.
"It's unfortunate things happened as they did, and he could not do what he wanted to do," Mr. Castro said, referring to John F. Kennedy's assassination. "It is my impression that it was his intention after the missile crisis to change the framework" of relations between the United States and Cuba, which remains hostile even today.
The Kennedy brothers have been in Cuba since Wednesday as part of private visit by a delegation of 10 American energy experts and environmental safety advocates organized by the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Citizens Energy Corporation.
The United States Government granted the groups the licenses that allowed them to travel legally to Cuba for the visit, which is to end on Monday.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., 42, is senior staff attorney for the Natural Resources Defense Council, which is based in Washington, and lobbies in the United States and abroad on environmental and energy issues.
Michael L. Kennedy, 37, is chairman of Citizens Energy Corporation, a Boston-based nonprofit company that promotes the development of alternative energy resources and has been active in the third world.
1
