Intolerable Cruelty (1/12) Movie CLIP - I'll Take the Case (2003) HD
Intolerable Cruelty Movie Clip - watch all clips j.mp click to subscribe j.mp Divorce attorney Miles Massey (George Clooney) "massages the kinks" out of a straightforward adultery case. TM & © Universal (2012) Cast: George Clooney, Stacey Travis Director: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen MOVIECLIPS YouTube Channel: j.mp Join our Facebook page: j.mp Follow us on Twitter: j.mp Buy Movie: amzn.to Producer: John Cameron, Ethan Coen, Sean Daniel, Robert Graf, Brian Grazer, Grant Heslov, James Jacks, James Whitaker, Joel Coen Screenwriter: Robert Ramsey, Matthew Stone, John Romano, Ethan Coen, Joel Coen Film Description: Joel and Ethan Coen take on the classic battle-of-the-sexes screwball comedy with Intolerable Cruelty. George Clooney plays Miles Massey, a high-powered Los Angeles divorce lawyer nearing a midlife crisis . While representing wealthy client Rex Rexroth (Edward Herrmann), Miles meets his match in Rex's gold-digging wife, Marilyn Rexroth (Catherine Zeta-Jones). He's impressed by her similarly heartless ways of using marriage to fuel an expensive lifestyle, but he still defeats her in court. With Marilyn looking to get her revenge and Miles finding himself attracted to her, the two engage in a ruthless romantic pursuit to out-swindle each other. Billy Bob Thornton shows up in a small role as Texas oil tycoon Howard Doyle. "intolerable cruelty","intolerable cruelty clip","intolerable cruelty trailer","intolerable cruelty part 1","intolerable cruelty scene","george clooney ...
Intolerable Cruelty (2/12) Movie CLIP - The Ass Nailer (2003) HD
Intolerable Cruelty Movie Clip - watch all clips j.mp click to subscribe j.mp Marylin (Catherine Zeta-Jones) meets with a tactless private investigator, Gus Petch (Cedric the Entertainer). TM & © Universal (2012) Cast: Cedric the Entertainer, Edward Herrmann, Kristin Dattilo, Catherine Zeta-Jones Director: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen MOVIECLIPS YouTube Channel: j.mp Join our Facebook page: j.mp Follow us on Twitter: j.mp Buy Movie: amzn.to Producer: John Cameron, Ethan Coen, Sean Daniel, Robert Graf, Brian Grazer, Grant Heslov, James Jacks, James Whitaker, Joel Coen Screenwriter: Robert Ramsey, Matthew Stone, John Romano, Ethan Coen, Joel Coen Film Description: Joel and Ethan Coen take on the classic battle-of-the-sexes screwball comedy with Intolerable Cruelty. George Clooney plays Miles Massey, a high-powered Los Angeles divorce lawyer nearing a midlife crisis . While representing wealthy client Rex Rexroth (Edward Herrmann), Miles meets his match in Rex's gold-digging wife, Marilyn Rexroth (Catherine Zeta-Jones). He's impressed by her similarly heartless ways of using marriage to fuel an expensive lifestyle, but he still defeats her in court. With Marilyn looking to get her revenge and Miles finding himself attracted to her, the two engage in a ruthless romantic pursuit to out-swindle each other. Billy Bob Thornton shows up in a small role as Texas oil tycoon Howard Doyle. "intolerable cruelty","intolerable cruelty clip","intolerable cruelty trailer","intolerable cruelty ...
No Country for Old Men (5/11) Movie CLIP - Pharmacy Explosion (2007) HD
No Country for Old Men Movie Clip - watch all clips j.mp click to subscribe j.mp Chigurh (Javier Bardem) sets up a car explosion outside a pharmacy in order to rob the store. TM & © Miramax Films (2012) Cast: Javier Bardem Director: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen MOVIECLIPS YouTube Channel: j.mp Join our Facebook page: j.mp Follow us on Twitter: j.mp Buy Movie: amzn.to Producer: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen, David Diliberto, Robert Graf, Mark Roybal, Scott Rudin Screenwriter: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen, Cormac McCarthy Film Description: When a Vietnam veteran discovers two million dollars while wandering through the aftermath of a Texas drug deal gone horribly awry, his decision to abscond with the cash sets off a violent chain reaction in a stripped-down crime drama from Joel and Ethan Coen. Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) has just stumbled into the find of a lifetime. Upon discovering a bullet-strewn pickup truck surrounded by the corpses of dead bodyguards, Moss uncovers two million dollars in cash and a substantial load of heroin stashed in the back of the vehicle. Later, as an enigmatic killer who determines the fate of his victims with the flip of a coin sets out in pursuit of Moss, the disillusioned Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) struggles to contain the rapidly escalating violence that seems to be consuming his once-peaceful Lone Star State town. Woody Harrelson, Javier Bardem, and Kelly MacDonald co-star in a distinctly American crime story that explores timeless biblical themes in a ...
Burn After Reading (1/10) Movie CLIP - Osbourne Is Out (2008) HD
Burn After Reading Movie Clip - watch all clips j.mp click to subscribe j.mp Osbourne (John Malkovich) is ousted by his higher-ups at the CIA, allegedly for his drinking problem. TM & © Universal (2012) Cast: Hamilton Clancy, John Malkovich, David Rasche, Armand Schultz Director: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen MOVIECLIPS YouTube Channel: j.mp Join our Facebook page: j.mp Follow us on Twitter: j.mp Buy Movie: amzn.to Producer: Tim Bevan, Ethan Coen, Joel Coen, David Diliberto, Eric Fellner, Robert Graf Screenwriter: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen Film Description: Joel and Ethan Coen's jet-black comedy Burn After Reading begins with CIA agent Osborne Cox (John Malkovich) losing his job. This prompts his long-suffering, unfaithful wife (Tilda Swinton) to consult a lawyer about divorcing him. Osborne decides to write a book about his exploits, but an early draft of his work ends up lost at a gym where it's found by the dim-witted Chad (Brad Pitt, and the plastic-surgery obsessed Linda (Frances McDormand). They decide to blackmail Osborne in order to help Linda pay for the numerous procedures she wants to undergo. Things grow even more complicated when Linda starts an affair with Harry (George Clooney), who also happens to be sleeping with Cox's wife. "burn after reading","burn after reading clip","burn after reading brad pitt","burn after reading part 1","burn after reading chair","john malkovich","david rasche","hamilton clancy","armand schultz",comedy,satires,"eric fellner","tim bevan ...
No Country for Old Men (3/11) Movie CLIP - Waiting in a Dark Hotel Room (2007) HD
No Country for Old Men Movie Clip - watch all clips j.mp click to subscribe j.mp Llewelyn (Josh Brolin) waits with a shotgun in his hotel room for his pursuer to enter. TM & © Miramax Films (2012) Cast: Josh Brolin Director: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen MOVIECLIPS YouTube Channel: j.mp Join our Facebook page: j.mp Follow us on Twitter: j.mp Buy Movie: amzn.to Producer: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen, David Diliberto, Robert Graf, Mark Roybal, Scott Rudin Screenwriter: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen, Cormac McCarthy Film Description: When a Vietnam veteran discovers two million dollars while wandering through the aftermath of a Texas drug deal gone horribly awry, his decision to abscond with the cash sets off a violent chain reaction in a stripped-down crime drama from Joel and Ethan Coen. Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) has just stumbled into the find of a lifetime. Upon discovering a bullet-strewn pickup truck surrounded by the corpses of dead bodyguards, Moss uncovers two million dollars in cash and a substantial load of heroin stashed in the back of the vehicle. Later, as an enigmatic killer who determines the fate of his victims with the flip of a coin sets out in pursuit of Moss, the disillusioned Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) struggles to contain the rapidly escalating violence that seems to be consuming his once-peaceful Lone Star State town. Woody Harrelson, Javier Bardem, and Kelly MacDonald co-star in a distinctly American crime story that explores timeless biblical themes in a ...
No Country for Old Men (1/11) Movie CLIP - Desert Chase at Dawn (2007) HD
No Country for Old Men Movie Clip - watch all clips j.mp click to subscribe j.mp Llewelyn (Josh Brolin) is chased by a truck out in the desert and then a killer dog in the river. TM & © Miramax Films (2012) Cast: Josh Brolin Director: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen MOVIECLIPS YouTube Channel: j.mp Join our Facebook page: j.mp Follow us on Twitter: j.mp Buy Movie: amzn.to Producer: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen, David Diliberto, Robert Graf, Mark Roybal, Scott Rudin Screenwriter: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen, Cormac McCarthy Film Description: When a Vietnam veteran discovers two million dollars while wandering through the aftermath of a Texas drug deal gone horribly awry, his decision to abscond with the cash sets off a violent chain reaction in a stripped-down crime drama from Joel and Ethan Coen. Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) has just stumbled into the find of a lifetime. Upon discovering a bullet-strewn pickup truck surrounded by the corpses of dead bodyguards, Moss uncovers two million dollars in cash and a substantial load of heroin stashed in the back of the vehicle. Later, as an enigmatic killer who determines the fate of his victims with the flip of a coin sets out in pursuit of Moss, the disillusioned Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) struggles to contain the rapidly escalating violence that seems to be consuming his once-peaceful Lone Star State town. Woody Harrelson, Javier Bardem, and Kelly MacDonald co-star in a distinctly American crime story that explores timeless biblical themes in a ...
