1,000 days
Correct! Sorry, You're Incorrect
John F. Kennedy had served 1,000 days in his first term as president of the United States. During that time, he had made formidable enemies within government and the private sector, including FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, CIA Director Allen Dulles and the anti-Castro community. Also, the president and his brother, Attorney General Robert Kennedy, were waging an intense war on organized crime. The president's decision not to invade Cuba a second time ensured that the mob's highly profitable Cuban operations, which Castro had shut down upon coming to power, would remain defunct.
Which four U.S. presidents were killed by assassins?
Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, William McKinley and John F. Kennedy
Andrew Jackson, Abraham Lincoln, Theodore Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy
Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan
Abraham Lincoln, William McKinley, Franklin D. Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy
Correct! Sorry, You're Incorrect
Abraham Lincoln was shot by John Wilkes Booth while attending the play Our American Cousin at Ford's Theater in Washington, D.C., on April 14, 1865. He died the following morning without ever regaining consciousness. James A. Garfield was shot by Charles J. Guiteau, a crazed office-seeker who had been harassing him for a job, at the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Station. Garfield suffered for 10 weeks before succumbing to bronchopneumonia on Sept. 19, 1881. William McKinley was shot by Leon Czolgosz, a fanatic anarchist, while hosting a public reception in New York on Sept. 6, 1901; he died eight days later from gangrene poisoning and his vice president, Theodore Roosevelt, assumed office. Last, John F. Kennedy was fatally shot in Dallas, Texas, presumably by accused assassin Lee Harvey Oswald, a pro-Castro ex-Marine.
Lee Harvey Oswald was tried and convicted for the assassination of John F. Kennedy and the murder of patrolman J.D. Tippit.
True
False
Correct! Sorry, You're Incorrect
Lee Harvey Oswald was taken into custody under suspicion for the president's murder within 80 minutes of the fatal shooting at Dealey Plaza. He was arraigned 18 hours after his arrest on the charges of murdering President Kennedy and Dallas Police Department patrolman J.D. Tippit, who was shot to death near the boardinghouse where Oswald lived with his Russian-born wife, Marina, 45 minutes after the assassination. On Sunday, Nov. 24, Oswald was fatally shot by Jack Ruby, a Dallas nightclub owner, in the basement of the Dallas Police Department, in full view of millions of television viewers.
The purpose of Kennedy's Nov. 21-22, 1963, trip to Texas was to:
visit Vice President Johnson's Texas ranch to go horseback riding.
arrest the Dallas Mayor for the rough treatment meted out to Adlai Stevenson.
improve relations within the state's Democratic Party and bolster support for the 1964 election.
coordinate an assassination attempt against Fidel Castro.
Correct! Sorry, You're Incorrect
Kennedy decided to make the trip to Texas in concert with Vice President Lyndon Johnson and Gov. John Connally in June 1963. Though Johnson was a Texan, votes for Kennedy in the upcoming election were by no means assured. Kennedy had made only brief visits to the state since the 1960 election, and because the Democratic Party in Texas was engaged in a factional controversy, he hoped his visit would reconcile the liberal and conservative elements within the party. In addition, he looked forward to learning about the issues that concerned Texas' citizens during the public appearances that were planned for him.
How many shots may have been fired in Dallas on that fateful day?
One
