Introduction
NOVEMBER 22, 1963, 12:29 PM DALLAS, TEXAS: Films show a sunny blue sky on a crisp November day, the sidewalks mobbed with cheering throngs hailing their President and First Lady as they near Dealey Plaza. At that moment—more than a year after the Cuban Missile Crisis—Cuba was far from the minds of those in the crowd. The same was true for the rest of the American public. Yet John F. Kennedy had a secret plan for Cuba in the fall of 1963—nearing a critical juncture on November 22—that would play a key role in his death, and be a major reason so much would be covered up for so long. The hardcover edition of Ultimate Sacrifice revealed this plan for the first time, transforming the history of the Kennedy years and providing crucial new information that cast JFK's assassination in a whole new light. This new, revised edition of Ultimate Sacrifice can now provide the final piece of the JFK puzzle, the rest of the story that America and the world have waited over forty years to hear.
Documentation
Here are just a few of the hundreds of documents cited and quoted in Ultimate Sacrifice; many new files are shown and quoted for the first time in the trade paperback edition. Most are  available from the National Archives in Washington, DC.
In some cases where only a portion of a document is shown, clicking on it will show the full document.
John and Robert Kennedy's top secret plan to stage a coup against Castro on December 1, 1963 was revealed to the authors by several Kennedy associates in the early 1990s, years before most of the following documents about it were declassified.  The leader of JFK's coup was to be Commander Juan Almeida, the head of the Cuban Army in 1963 and a famous hero of the Cuban Revolution.
Marcello,      Trafficante, and Rosselli
Marcello, Trafficante, and Rosselli had several things in common, in addition to confessing their roles in JFK’s assassination in later years. The three were close associates who met at least once or twice a year, sometimes at a secluded location free from FBI surveillance revealed in this book for the first time. All three were under intense and unrelenting pressure from Attorney General Bobby Kennedy by 1963, pressure that had begun in 1957. All three were in business with Jimmy Hoffa, who was also under constant prosecution from Bobby Kennedy. But unlike Hoffa—a highprofile, very public figure—these three godfathers shunned the limelight and were unknown to the general public in 1963. All three had dealings with mobster Jack Ruby and had associates close to Lee Harvey Oswald. All three had links to the French Connection heroin ring. All three had worked for the CIA, in attempts to assassinate Castro. And despite the Kennedys’ best efforts, all three had operatives who had managed to penetrate the C-Day plan without the Kennedys’ knowledge.
