Thomas Craughwell - January 20, 2009
Lesson for President Obama: There is no such thing as bargain-basement regime change.  
The CIA ‘s “ Bay of Pigs ” plan to overthrow Cuba’s communist government (described in the video above and the post below) had been in the works before John F. Kennedy moved into the White House. After weeks of discussion with his national security advisors, on St. Patrick’s Day, March 17, 1960, President Dwight D. Eisenhower approved the CIA’s plan to oust Castro . The program included opening a radio station on Swan Island in the Caribbean to broadcast anti-Castro programming to Cuba; supplying anti-Castro resistance groups within Cuba; and training a paramilitary force for the eventual infiltration of Cuba. Eisenhower signed off on the whole package, saying he knew of “no better plan” to oust the Cuban Communists and eliminate Castro.
While he was still running for the presidency Kennedy learned about the plan; on July 23, 1960, CIA director Allen Dulles visited Kennedy at his family’s home at Hyannisport on Cape Cod to brief the candidate about the anti-Castro operation. But a few weeks later the plan changed. The CIA abandoned the idea of infiltrating the island in favor of an invasion, complete with air support, to drive Castro from power. Eisenhower approved a budget of $13 million for the operation, but stipulated that no U.S. military personnel could be part of the combat force.
Somehow, word of the plan leaked to the press. On January 10, 1961, the New York Times ran a front page story under the headline, “U.S. HELPS TRAIN AN ANTI-CASTRO FORCE AT SECRET GUATEMALAN BASE.” The fact that the CIA’s secret mission to overthrow Castro was no longer a secret troubled no one in Washington. On March 11, 1961, Kennedy invited to the White House CIA Director Allen Dulles and Richard Bissell, the CIA’s chief of operations; JFK wanted to know, in detail, the plans for the invasion of Cuba. Dulles and Bissell explained that after U.S. aircraft had run bombing missions over the Bay of Pigs area, Cubans recruited from exiles living in Miami would take the beach. The CIA men expected that the invasion would inspire anti-Castro Cubans to rise up and overthrow the dictator.
Kennedy didn’t like the idea of beginning the invasion with air strikes. “Too spectacular,” he said. “It sounds like D-Day. You have to reduce the noise level of the this thing.”
Ideally the president would have liked the invasion and the overthrow of Castro to appear to be the work entirely of the Cuban exile community. He wanted to be able to deny that the U.S. government had had a hand in any of it. But Dulles and Bissell realized “the noise” was essential to this mission: if U.S. air craft would not support the Cuban brigade from the air, and if there were no U.S. battleships offshore full of U.S. troops ready to back up the exile fighters, then the invasion was likely to fail. The presence of the U.S. military was the key to a successful invasion and a successful uprising of Cubans disenchanted with the Castro regime. But neither Dulles nor Bissell revealed their worries to the president. And there was one more point they failed to mention and which Kennedy may or may not have known: with 200,000 troops and militia at his disposal, Castro would have no trouble disposing of 1,300 volunteers, most of whom had no battlefield experience.
Many of the approximately 1,300 CIA-trained Cuban exiles believed fervently that they were the first wave of Cuban freedom fighters who would liberate their homeland from Castro. They were convinced that as they stormed ashore they would be supported overhead by some of the finest fighter pilots of the U.S. Air Force, and as they advanced into Cuba , the U.S. Marines would be right behind them. These men were sorely mistaken.
On April 14, 1961, just three days before the invasion, Kennedy called Bissell to ask how many planes he would use in the operation. Bissell told the president the CIA planned to use all sixteen of their B-26s. “Well, I don’t want it on that scale,” Kennedy replied. “I want it minimal.”
So Bissell cut the number of planes for the invasion to eight. The next day those eight planes attacked the three airfields of the Cuban air force, knocking out some of the aircraft, but not enough to cripple the enemy. Already the invasion was off to a bad start.
Early in the morning of April 17, 1961, the 1,300 Cuban exiles waded ashore at the Bay of Pigs and were very quickly pinned down by Cuban fighter planes. The eight American B-26s gave the men on the beach forty minutes of air cover, then pulled out. With the sea at their backs, no means of retreat, and no chance of advancing into the interior of Cuba, the brigade was in a desperate position.
Back in Washington the CIA and the Kennedy administration concluded that the invasion would fail. In a conversation with his brother, Robert Kennedy , the president said he wished he had permitted the use of U.S. ships to back up the Cuban exiles. “I’d rather be an aggressor,” he said, “than a bum.”
A group of captured U.S.-backed Cuban exiles, known as Brigade 2506, being lined up by Fidel Castro’s soldiers at the Bahía de Cochinos (Bay of Pigs), Cuba, following an unsuccessful invasion of the island, April 1961. (Three Lions/Hulton Archive/Getty Images
At 2 p.m. on April 19, after two days of being pounded by Cuban militia, tanks, and fighter planes, the brigade of Cuban exiles surrendered. Sixty-eight were killed in the Bay of Pigs debacle; 1,209 were captured; nine of these died of asphyxiation in a windowless sealed truck that took them from the beach to prison in Havana. After twenty days of interrogation, the prisoners were given show trials, and sentenced to life in prison.
The failure of the Bay of Pigs invasion made Kennedy appear weak, inexperienced, indecisive, and the Soviet Premier, Nikita Khruschev, tried to capitalize on the youthful American president’s failings. Four months after the invasion Khruschev began building the Wall to divide Communist East Berlin from West Berlin. Less than a year later Khruschev and Castro planned to install nuclear missiles on the island of Cuba—only ninety miles from the United States—a decision that precipitated the Cuban Missile Crisis and brought the world to the brink of nuclear war.
John Kennedy is often—and justly—praised for his handling of the missile crisis, for pulling the world back from the brink of destruction. Mentioned less often is that the crisis would not have arisen if he not made such a half-hearted effort to overthrow Fidel Castro.
Click here for complete posts in this series.
*          *          *
