| From pibillwarner.wordpress.com
November 22nd, 2010.
  Lamar Waldron the author of Ultimate Sacrifice: John and Robert Kennedy, the Plan for a Coup in Cuba, and the Murder of JFK , discovered that JFK and RFK had a never-before-revealed plan to stage a coup against Fidel Castro in Cuba on December 1st 1963.
The CIA’s code-name for their part of the plan–AMWORLD–has never appeared in print before, and was withheld from the Warren Commission and later Congressional investigating committees.
 
As part of the coup plan, in the days and weeks before Dallas, Robert Kennedy even had a top secret committee making plans for dealing with the possible “assassination of American officials,” in case Castro found out about the coup plan and tried to retaliate.However, the Kennedy’s coup plan was infiltrated by three powerful Mafia bosses being targeted by Attorney General Robert Kennedy: Johnny Rosselli of the Chicago Mafia, Tampa godfather Santo Trafficante , and Carlos Marcello (godfather of Louisiana and east Texas).
The Mafia dons used parts of the secret coup plan to try and assassinate JFK first in Chicago (on 11-2-63), then in Tampa (on 11-18-63, an attempt never revealed before), and finally in Dallas.
  “Threats on Kennedy Made Here,” Tampa Tribune 11-23-63; “Man Held in Threats to JFK,” Miami Herald 11-24-63 – “young man linked to the Fair Play for Cuba Committee” it is bylined “Tampa (UPI),” so it may well have appeared in other newspapers; and, if so, the fact that it reprints just a few sentences from the Tampa Tribune article may have caused earlier researchers to overlook it. CLICK HERE TO SEE THE TAMPA TRIBUNE ARTICLE OF 11/23/1963.
No news reports about the Tampa threat appeared while JFK was alive –just a tiny article the day after this death; by the following day the Tampa Chief of Police and Secret Service weren’t talking to the press about it.
On the very day Secret Service Agent Abraham Bolden went to Washington to tell Warren Commission staff about the Tampa and Chicago attempts , and other Secret Service laxity, he was framed by the Chicago Mafia and arrested. He was sent to prison for six years, even though his main accuser later admitted committing perjury against Bolden.
 
                       
 
While it’s been known since the early 1990s that Robert Kennedy eventually told close associates the Mafia was behind his brother’s death, the book finally explains how the Mafia did it, presenting a huge amount of new information.  Can you tell us more about these two attempts on JFK’s life just prior to Dallas and their connection to November 22nd?
As we were told by Chicago Secret Service Agent Abraham Bolden, they had uncovered a plot by four men to kill JFK during his Chicago motorcade planned for November 2, 1963. An ex-Marine (with several recent parallels to Oswald) was arrested, but the four men remained at large. So, JFK had to cancel his motorcade at the last minute, even as people were lining the motorcade route.
Pierre Salinger told us about the two different excuses he gave for the cancellation. In addition, Salinger–who began his work for the Kennedys as a Mafia investigator–revealed that Jack Ruby had been in Chicago a week prior to the motorcade, where he had received $7,000 from someone who worked for an associate of Trafficante
 and Marcello.
Salinger’s revelation was confirmed by two eye-witnesses and FBI reports in the National Archives.The Tampa attempt had more than a dozen parallels to JFK’s assassination in Dallas, including a male suspect in his early twenties linked to the Fair Play for Cuba Committee
. The Police and Secret Service warned JFK about the threat, but JFK bravely went ahead with the motorcade anyway, because of an important speech about Cuba he had to give in Miami that night, a speech that was part of the coup plan.
The book finally explains exactly who framed Bolden, and why. Why did the three Mafia godfathers want to assassinate JFK?  Because Robert Kennedy was waging the biggest war against organized crime that America has ever seen, and the Mafia families of Chicago, Tampa, and Louisiana
were under incredible pressure. Rosselli’s boss was under “lockstep surveillance” by the FBI, and even Trafficante’s family members were being prosecuted.
Marcello himself was put on trial by Robert Kennedy’s prosecutors the day before the Chicago attempt. Marcello bribed a key juror to ensure his acquittal, which Marcello timed for 11-22-63, when JFK was shot in Dallas. Marcello had a big celebration that afternoon and the only other known celebration after JFK’s death was in Tampa, were Trafficante publicly toasted JFK’s murder at the very restaurant where JFK had given a speech, just four days earlier.
Santo Trafficante was born in Tampa, Florida, on 15th November, 1914 . His father, Santo Trafficante Senior, was a leading figure in the Mafia. In the 1940s he joined up with Lucky Luciano , Frank Costello , and Meyer Lansky to set up gambling operations in Cuba . The dictator of Cuba, Fulgencio Batista , received a large cut of the profits. Santo Trafficante married Josephine Marchese on 17th April, 1938. He worked for his father in Florida and in 1953 he was sent to Cuba to manage some Mafia controlled casinos. Trafficante took full control of these operations when his father died of stomach cancer in August, 1954.
Trafficante also spent time in Florida . This resulted in his arrest and conviction for gambling offences. He was released from prison in January 1957 after his conviction was overturned by Florida’s State Supreme Court. It is believed that soon afterwards Trafficante arranged for Albert Anastasia , his Mafia rival, to be murdered. Trafficante returned to Cuba but his casinos were closed down when Fidel Castro overthrew Fulgencio Batista in January, 1959. Trafficante spent time in prison before being deported to the United States.
In September 1960 Johnny Roselli and Sam Giancana , took part in talks with Allen W. Dulles , the director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), about the possibility of murdering Fidel Castro . In 1961 Roselli persuaded Trafficante to join the conspiracy. Meyer Lansky also became involved in this plot and was reportedly offering a million-dollar reward for the Cuban leader’s murder.
Trafficante also worked closely with the CIA agent, William Harvey , in this operation.
By 1962, Trafficante and his friends became convinced that the Cuban revolution could not be reversed by simply killing Castro. However, they continued to play along with this CIA plot in order to prevent them being prosecuted for criminal offences committed in the United States.
It is also believed that Trafficante became involved in Mafia plots to kill President John F. Kennedy. He told a friend, Jose Aleman: “Mark my word, this man Kennedy is in trouble, and he will get what is coming to him. Kennedy’s got going to make it to the election. He is going to be hit.”
Just before Kennedy was assassinated on 22nd November, 1963, Jack Ruby made contact with Trafficante, and another Mafia leader, Carlos Marcello , about a problem he was having with the American Guild of Variety Artists (AGVA). However, the Warren Commission failed to find any direct link between Trafficante and Ruby concluded that “Oswald acted alone”.
On 14th January, 1992, the New York Post claimed that Trafficante, Jimmy Hoffa and Carlos Marcello had all been involved in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Frank Ragano was quoted as saying that at the beginning of 1963 Hoffa had told him to take a message to Trafficante and Marcello concerning a plan to kill Kennedy. When the meeting took place at the Royal Orleans Hotel, Ragano told the men: “You won’t believe what Hoffa wants me to tell you. Jimmy wants you to kill the president.” He reported that both men gave the impression that they intended to carry out this order.
In his autobiography, Mob Lawyer (1994) (co-written with journalist Selwyn Raab) Frank Ragano added that in July, 1963, he was once again sent to New Orleans by Hoffa to meet Trafficante and Carlos Marcello concerning plans to kill President John F. Kennedy. When Kennedy was killed Hoffa apparently said to Ragano: “I told you could do it. I’ll never forget what Carlos and Santos did for me.” He added: “This means Bobby is out as Attorney General”. Marcello later told Ragano: “When you see Jimmy (Hoffa), you tell him he owes me and he owes me big.”
The Kennedys had worked hard to keep the Mafia from having a role in their coup plan, and JFK’s plans for a democratic government in Cuba after the coup would have kept the Mafia from returning to reopen their casinos there. So, the Mafia dons had to kill JFK before December 1, 1963, because only the secrecy surrounding the coup plan could prevent a thorough, public investigation that could have exposed their involvement.
Very briefly: There is much evidence that Oswald was in the lunchroom of the Texas School Book Depository at the time of the shooting. Two men were seen behind the fence on the “grassy knoll.” Other witnesses saw two men on the sixth floor of the Depository. Riding in the limo directly behind JFK’s were his two closest Presidential Aides, Dave Powers and Kenneth O’Donnell.
As Powers told my co-author Thom Hartmann, both men heard–and Powers saw–shots from the grassy knoll. That explains why JFK’s limo slowed at the sound of the first shot from the front, because they thought they were riding into an ambush. Powers and O’Donnell confirmed the shots from the knoll to former House Speaker Tip O’Neill, who wrote about it in his autobiography, Man of the House. Our book also explains why Powers and O’Donnell were pressured to alter their Warren Commission testimony “for the good of the country,” and which current US Senator was involved with that.
The book deals with evidence indicating that Mafioso present in Dealy Plaza that day could have included Johnny Rosselli, Chicago Mafia hitman Charles Nicoletti, French assassin Michel Victor Mertz, and a CIA operative working on the Kennedys’ coup plan who was (unknown to the Kennedys) also working for the Mafia.
It’s important to note that around the same time Oswald moved to a new city (Dallas, from New Orleans) and got a new job, so did the ex-Marine arrested at the time of the 11/2/63 Chicago attempt against JFK and the young man linked to the Fair Play for Cuba Committee who was investigated by authorities after the 11/18/63 Tampa attempt to assassinate JFK.
Will we ever find a definitive answer to this mystery? Is there anyone alive who was involved and could provide important information?
The answer to both questions is “yes” and “yes.” NBC News and a government watchdog group, OMB Watch, both reported that well over a million documents remain secret, possibly until the year 2017. Everyone we have uncovered who was knowingly involved in JFK’s death (less than a dozen) is either dead (most of those confessed to associates prior to their death), in prison, or has served time for a crime related to the assassination. With so much still secret, and so much time having passed, further prosecutions for the assassination would be difficult if not impossible. SEE JFK IN TAMPA VIDEO BELOW.
JFK IN TAMPA VIDEO, 11/18/1963
Related Articles:
