Soviet missile site at Guanajay, Cuba, October, 1962.
Credit: Image courtesy of American Memory at the Library of Congress.
Most historians agree that the world has never come closer to nuclear war than  it did during a thirteen-day period in October 1962, after the revelation that  the Soviet Union had stationed several medium-range ballistic missiles in Cuba.  This lesson will examine how this crisis developed, how the Kennedy  administration chose to respond, and how the situation was ultimately resolved.  By examining both government documents and photographs students will put themselves into the role of President Kennedy during this crucial period,  considering the advice of key administration figures and deciding on a course of  action.
Guiding Questions
Why did the presence of Soviet missiles in Cuba trigger an international  crisis, and how was that crisis resolved?
Learning Objectives
After completing this lesson, students should be able to
Explain why the presence of Soviet missiles in Cuba was a matter of concern  to the United States
Discuss each of the options available to the president in this situation, as  well as the advantages and disadvantages of each
Articulate why Kennedy chose to "quarantine" Cuba
Explain how the crisis was resolved
Background
In late September 1962, U.S. spy planes flying over Cuba discovered the presence  of Soviet-made medium-range nuclear missiles on the island. The result, played  out through the month of October, was the most serious foreign policy crisis of  the Kennedy White House-indeed, probably the most serious foreign policy crisis  in the history of the Cold War. Cuba was a mere ninety miles from the coast of  Florida, and missiles fired from there could easily strike targets in the United  States as far north as Cincinnati, and as far west as San Antonio-and with  minimal warning time. Perhaps even more importantly, Kennedy felt that American  prestige (as well as his own) was on the line; as recently as September 4 the  president had given a speech in which he warned the Soviet leader, Nikita  Khrushchev, against placing any such weapons in Cuba. That Khrushchev had done  so in spite of this warning seemed to demand a response.
While most Americans remained blissfully unaware of the situation, the CIA  formally presented its findings to President Kennedy and his "ExComm" (short for  "Executive Committee," made up of several cabinet members and other major  advisers) on October 16. The group considered a range of options for responding  to the challenge, from opening face-to-face negotiations with the Soviets to  launching an all-out invasion of Cuba. In the end they settled on a blockade of  the Cuban coast-although for purposes of international law it was referred to as  a "quarantine" rather than a blockade. Until the missile sites had been  dismantled U.S. warships would stop and search all ships approaching the island  for equipment related to the missiles. Those that were found to be carrying such  equipment would be turned back.
Kennedy announced his decision to the American people in a radio broadcast on  October 22, and U.S. warships immediately began stopping Soviet vessels bound  for Cuban shores. For the next several days it seemed that the world hovered on  the brink of a nuclear war, while feverish negotiations continued between  Kennedy and Khrushchev. Finally, on October 27 a deal was struck—the Soviets  agreed to remove their missiles from Cuba in return for promises from the United  States not to invade Cuba, and to pressure NATO into withdrawing its  medium-range missiles from Turkey. On November 20, convinced that the last  missile sites had been dismantled, Kennedy ordered an end to the "quarantine."
The crisis had several long-range effects. Fidel Castro, the pro-Soviet  president of Cuba, felt betrayed by the Soviet leadership, since he had not been  consulted at all on the settlement. More importantly, leaders in both the United  States and the Soviet Union seemed genuinely rattled at how close they had come  to nuclear conflict. In the months ahead they agreed to the installation of a  telephone "hotline" connecting the White House and the Kremlin and allowing for  instantaneous negotiation between the two. In addition, the two sides began the  first steps toward limiting the nuclear arms race, working toward a  treaty—eventually signed in August 1963—banning the above-ground testing of  nuclear weapons.
For more information on this subject, an excellent source is George Washington  University's National Security Archive , accessible via the  EDSITEment reviewed resource History  Matters . A solid concise account of the crisis—including a brief  chronology—may be found at "The World on the  Brink: John F. Kennedy and the Cuban Missile Crisis," an online exhibit of  the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library  and Museum (accessible via the EDSITEment-reviewed resource POTUS ).
Preparation Instructions
Review the lesson plan. Locate and bookmark suggested materials and links from  EDSITEment reviewed websites used in this lesson. Download and print out  selected documents and duplicate copies as necessary for student viewing.  Alternatively, excerpted versions of these documents are available as part of  the downloadable PDF.
Download the PDF Text Document for this lesson, available here as a PDF.  This file contains excerpted versions of the documents used in the first and  second activities, as well as questions for students to answer. Print out and  make an appropriate number of copies of the handouts you plan to use in class.
You should also become  familiar with the interactive exercise which accompanies this lesson. This  interactive puts the student in the role of President Kennedy, having to decide  among several options for responding to the presence of Soviet missiles in Cuba.  By clicking on the names of individual advisers, students can read the views of  men such as Secretary of State Dean Rusk, Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara,  and Attorney General Robert Kennedy. After studying the strengths and weaknesses  of each option, the student will be asked to choose an option, which will then  bring up a new window that evaluates the response.
Analyzing primary sources:
If your students lack experience in dealing  with primary sources, you might use one or more preliminary exercises to help  them develop these skills. The Learning  Page at the American Memory Project of  the Library of Congress includes a set of such activities. Another useful  resource is the Digital  Classroom of the National Archives, which features a set of Document  Analysis Worksheets . Finally, History Matters offers a helpful page  on "Making Sense of  Documentary Photography" which gives helpful advice to teachers in getting  their students to use such sources effectively.
Lesson Activities
