American military psychiatrist with a Ph.D. in chemistry.
Joined C.I.A. in 1951.
In a concerted effort to beat the Soviets and the Red Chinese in the Cold War's race to master brainwashing and control human behavior, Sidney Gottlieb was appointed to head a top secret CIA Project known as MKULTRA in 1953.  His mission was "to modify an individual's behavior by covert means."  To that end, Dr. Gottlieb's program to "wipe clean" the personality and "crush the human psyche" surreptitiously involved eighty institutions: universities, colleges, hospitals, prisons and orphanages where test subjects were unwittingly dosed with all manner of drugs and faced isolation therapy, electroshock, radiation, lobotomy and surgical implants.  Fascinated with LSD, Gottlieb reportedly took the drug hundreds of times himself and dosed many CIA operatives without their consent at various gatherings.  An expert on poisons, Gottlieb enthusiastically invented hundreds of ways to assassinate, sicken and humiliate foreign leaders.
Dr. Gottlieb also had other lifelong passions: folk dancing, raising goats and cultivating Christmas Trees.  He retired from CIA in 1972 and went on to volunteer at a Leper colony in India.
Robert Maheu
A.K.A. "Bob"
THE PAWN
During World War II Bob worked counter-intel for the FBI, infiltrating German lines with double-agents to deceive Nazi spies who reported directly to Adolph Hitler.  By the 1950's, Bob went undercover for the CIA tasked with "those jobs in which the agency could not officially be involved," including botched assassination attempts on Fidel Castro's life in the early 1960's.  Bob also worked privately for Howard Hughes serving as the billionaire recluse's "alter ego."  In such capacity, Bob strong-armed extortionists, changed the landscape of Las Vegas by buying the mob out of the casino racket and worked surveillance on such personalities as Ava Gardner and Frank Sinatra.
A trusted confidant of both President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy, Bob was granted immunity to testify during the 1975 Church Commission inquiry into JFK's assassination...
Fidel Alejandro Vittore Castro Ruz
A.K.A. "El Comandante"
