JFK Scandal Page with Assassination Notes
JFK
"JFK was pond scum." NEWSWEEK, August 19, 1996.
LECHERY
JFK did Lee Radziwill, Jackie's sister when Jackie was in hospital with Caroline.
JFK did Audrey Hepburn
JFK did Jayne Mansfield for 3 years
Other actresses tied to JFK in the press were Angie Dickinson, Kim Novak, Janet Leigh and Rhonda Flemming.
90 minutes before the first televised debate with Nixon, JFK was with a call-girl. (Reeves p 202) He also had a call-girl inauguration night. The night before the inauguration, he cheated on his wife in their Georgetown house.
JFK kept an apartment at the Carroll Arms in Washington where he met young women. After a year of marriage a friend said of Jackie, "Jackie was wandering around looking like a survivor of an airplane crash." (Reeves p 116)
JFK did Mary Pinchot Meyer in about thirty White House visits from Jan '62 to Nov '63. She was mysteriously murdered in 1964 and her diary of their affair ended up at the CIA. Mary and JFK did drugs together.
JFK did David Niven's wife.
JFK did Pamela Turnure, 23, a Jackie look-a-like, hired as Jackie's press secretary, in an affair that went on three years in the White House.
JFK did Fiddle and Faddle, Secret Service code names for 21 and 23 year old staff members hired mostly for sex. JFK tested dangerous drugs on them without their knowledge by putting drugs in their drinks.
JFK got shots of speed from Dr. Max Jacobson, aka Dr. Feelgood.
JFK had a penchant for swimming nude with his female guests at wild pool parties.
JFK & a British female tennis star had a lengthy relationship.
JFK married socialite Durie Malcolm in Palm Springs in early 1947 and then a few days later had his friend Charles Spalding steal the marriage certificate from the Court House.
JFK reportedly had an illegitimate child in the late 50s by prostitute Alicia Darr Clark who later tried to blackmail him.
JFK did Judith Campbell Exner, mob moll, who had some twenty visits starting in May 1961. Exner carried cash bribes to JFK from California defense contractors. When she called JFK and told him that he had made her pregnant, he asked "What are you going to do about it?" She had an abortion at a Chicago hospital in January 1963. She was never invited back to the Whitehouse. Her lover, mob boss Sam Giancana, bragged that he had 'placed' her with the President. Interestingly, both Giancana and another of her mob lovers, Roselli, were given the C.I.A. contract to kill Castro.
JFK did Ellen Rometsch, an East German spy. When the Profumo affair (a sex scandal with a German spy) was blowing apart the British government, the Kennedys paid her off and had her deported. They abused both the FBI and Congress (by threatening Congressmen with information from their FBI files) to keep this liaison out of the press and the timing strongly suggests that the assassination of South Vietnam's Diem was used to divert press attention from JFK's connection to Rometsch.
When the Secret Service was asked by local officials in Seattle if Kennedy always had prostitutes brought to him, they answered, "We travel during the day, so this only happens at night." Truckloads of prostitutes were brought to the Whitehouse and admitted without security checks. When JFK inspected military bases, he expected to be supplied with women.
JFK used Peter Lawford's home in Santa Monica for meeting women.
JFK kept a large collection of photos of himself with naked women.
When President, Kennedy blackmailed starlets into servicing him or have their careers destroyed.
JFK suffered from permanent venereal disease because he had been re-infected so often. He infected his partners with a disease so serious that it causes 35 percent of all infertility in US women.
Marilyn Monroe told a columnist that JFK would not indulge in foreplay because he lacked the time. They had a one-year affair. Bobby Kennedy also did her and she even had aborted his baby which, if she told, would have destroyed his career. The day Monroe died, neighbors saw Robert F. Kennedy and "a man with a doctor's bag" together enter her house. Within four hours she was found dead. Monroe was killed with a barbituate suppository, but a bottle of oral pills was left at the scene to make it look like a possible suicide. U.S. Attorney General Kennedy was never questioned about his role and his cousin actor Peter Lawford who "cleaned up" the murder scene never explained what happened to Marilyn's incriminating diary.
The best source for Marilyn's murder is The Life and Curious Death of Marilyn Monroe, NY:Pinnacle House 1974, by her former husband Robert F. Slatzer.
JFK is quoted by Traphes Bryant as saying to a friend, "I'm not through with a girl till I've had her three ways." (Reeves p 241)
During a 1961 meeting in Bermuda with British Prime Minister Harold McMillian Kennedy said, "I wonder how it is with you, Harold? If I don't have a woman for three days, I get terrible headaches." There is a much more vulgar Kennedy quote along the same line in Hersh page 389.
JFK's PUBLIC RECORD
JFK graduated 64th in his high school class of 112.
As a student his mind was undisciplined and according to his college tutorial record "will probably never be very original."
The book Why England Slept attributed to JFK was written by Blair Clark and Arthur Krock. Harold Laski said of it "it is very immature, it has no structure, and dwells almost entirely on the surface of things."
As a WWII commander of a patrol boat PT-109 off Western Australia, he managed through simply unbelievable incompetence to get it run over by a Japanese destroyer. He then fabricated a story.
1946 House of Representatives race, his father spent $300,000 on his campaign in violation of law. JFK reported to the Massachusettes Secretary of State that there were no campaign contributions or expenditures.
1952 Senate seat was won by skulduggery (Reeves p 106).
Johnson on JFK, "He never said a word of importance in the Senate and never did a thing." JFK promised Senator Stuart Symington that he was the 1960 VP choice, but then had a mysterious meeting with LBJ and Sam Rayburn at which Johnson blackmailed him with dirt given him by FBI Director Hoover.
Profiles in Courage was written by Sorenson and Davids. JFK "served principally as an overseer or, more charitably, as a sponsor and editor, one whose final approval was as important for its publication as its birth." (Reeves p 127) JFK claimed unequivocally to be its author and its authorship was always a sore point with him. Joe Kennedy bought up copies to make it a best seller. Although this book was not nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, Joe Kennedy bought the prize for the book. (Reeves p 142)
1956 after the stillbirth of his child, JFK was with a boatload of females in the Mediterranean and said "Why should I go back? What good would it do?"
1960 JFK stole the election which he had officially won by a mere 119,450 votes. Illinois State's Attorney Benjamin S. Adamowski charged on December 1 that the Chicago Democratic machine had stolen at least 100,000 votes. More than 10 percent of Chicagoans were left off polling lists, absentee ballots were not counted and there were many apparent erasures on the paper ballots. In Texas tens of thousands of ballots disappeared and The New York Herald Tribune reported that 100,000 votes tallied for Kennedy-Johnson never existed in the first place. They won Texas by 46,000 votes.
One of the reasons the mafia was so upset with Kennedy is that they had spent a lot of money and influence, especially in Chicago, to get him elected and then he and Bobby Kennedy turned on them. Particularly Jimmy Hoffa and the Chicago and Louisiana families were upset. Giancana told Judith Campbell Exner, "Listen, honey, if it wasn't for me, your boyfriend wouldn't even be in the White House." JFK had sent 250,000 dollars with Exner to Giancana for the mob to get out the union vote and make corrupt unions contribute to JFK's campaign.
It is likely that General Dynamics blackmailed JFK to give them the TFX fighter contract (Boeing had the better plane), 6.5 billion dollars, the largest in history to that point, after bugging Exner's apartment.
JFK's first priority as President was the assassination of Prime Minister Lumumba of the Congo and Trujillo of the Dominican Republic.
JFK was reluctant on Civil Rights, the major issue of the day. (Reeves p 416) JFK made campaign promises to blacks that he did not keep which led to riots. Akhil Reed Amar of Yale Law School faults JFK for appeasing Southern Democrats by stocking the lower federal bench with "notorious segregationists." RFK ordered extensive electronic surveillance of Martin Luther King admittedly "investigating the love life of a group leader for dissemination in the press."
In the 1960 election, JFK concealed his Addison's disease and even stated flatly to the press "I have never had Addison's disease." That was a lie, of course. LBJ said Kennedy looked like "a spavined hunchback."
Berlin Wall - JFK pursued a risky confrontation (Reeves P 417). Later Kennedy at Berlin said "Ich bin ein Berliner." That literally means: "I am a jelly roll." If he meant to say he was a resident of Berlin (a lie), he should have left off the word 'ein'. (cf. a hamburger or a frankfurter refer also to food)
1961, May 25th, JFK, without consulting anyone, announced a race to the moon. Later he suggested to the UN not a race but a co-operative effort with the Soviets. His cost estimates were way off and critics pointed out that this was a misallocation of resources - that the government could not continue to spend huge sums on projects of marginal or doubtful value. The New York Times editorialized in March 1967 "We fail to see that it makes any great difference who reaches the moon first or whether the landing takes place in the 1960's or mid-1970's...The moon is not going away."
JFK used the FBI to his personal advantage and to silence press critics.
ENEMIES LIST! Nixon was impeached primarily for misusing the IRS. In early 1961 JFK planted family friend Carmine Bellino in the IRS with the title "special consultant to the president "and demanded that he have access to tax returns. They turned the IRS into a lending library. Quoting from the Wall Street Journal of January 28, 1997: "the Kennedys were far worse than Nixon in their manipulation of the IRS...The documents show that the Kennedys targeted non-exempt activist groups. And the auditing was done at the behest of politicians, not the professionals at the IRS...On December 20, 1961, Rogovin forwarded to Dean J. Barron, the IRS audit director at the time, a list of 18 organizations to investigate." Scores were targeted later including: Daughters of the American Revolution, the Americans Veterans Committee, the Conservative Society of America, Americans for Constitutional Government, All-American Society, the Conservatives, the Christian Crusade, Life-Line Foundation, Christian Echoes Ministry, the National Education Program of Harding College, the Anti-Defamation League of the B'nai B'rith, the Freeman Charitable Foundation, and the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade. Many of these groups had their tax-exempt status revoked. The Kennedys also targeted corporate taxpayers and at one point had a plan to target up to 10,000 groups.
The Peace Corps was paid voluntarism for unskilled do-gooders.
Bay of Pigs, Cuba, April 15, 1961 - JFK interfered with the military operation both in planning and execution to make it worse; did not keep commitments he had made, especially for airstrikes; made public statements that the US would not support insurrection in Cuba which discouraged resistance to Castro, blamed others for its failure and lied to the public about it. JFK weakened the original plan to make it virtually certain to fail (both of the original CIA planners Esterline and Hawkins threatened to resign over the changes). JFK was directly told by Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Lemnitzer that the invasion "would have very little chance of success." The Joint Chiefs in a memorandum of January 27, 1961 wrote "The current Political-Para-Military Plan does not assure the accomplishment of the above objective nor has there been detailed follow-up planning to exploit that plan if it succeeds or for any direct action that might be required if the plan is found to be inadequate." JFK went ahead with the plan, according to Arthur Schlesinger, to impress Eisenhower and Kruschev. RFK led the coverup to protect the president with a shield of lies that he had received bad advice and really didn't know much about it. Esterline says now "What I find so unacceptable is how cavalier they (the Kennedys) were in taking nearly 2,000 people and putting them out as animal bait." Four Americans and 114 CIA-trained Cubans were killed and 1,189 were captured.
Cuban Missile Crisis - JFK brought the world to the brink of nuclear holocaust by pursuing a game of nuclear chicken that defines him as the riskiest president in history. Dean Acheson said JFK was "phenomenally lucky." We were too. JFK forced the public confrontation for political reasons and humiliated Kruschev, the man he had to deal with. JFK backed down on inspection for compliance and lied to the public about the resolution of the crisis, denying that we had agreed to withdraw vital U.S. installations from Turkey in exchange for the removal of Soviet missiles from Cuba - a deal which was political poison. On October 22, 1963, JFK wrote his staff in a hand-written note "Is there a plan to brief and brainwash key press within 12 hours or so?" By being dishonest with the American people, JFK gave the Soviets, who had the facts, the power to destroy his Presidency and thereby unduly influence him. Also the timing was dishonest, he had known about the missiles since August 22 when informed by CIA Director McCone. He announced it on October 22nd to influence Congressional elections in favor of Democrats. There is evidence that the Russians never removed their missles, but at best the end result - status quo ante minus US missles in Turkey - was clearly worse for the US. JFK's handling of the crisis to the point of our nuclear annilation was the most irresponsible act of any president in history.
New terrorism - JFK ordered the CIA (100 million dollar Operation Mongoose) to sabotage the Cuban economy and assassinate Fidel Castro, showing an irresponsibility and lack of judgment bordering on dereliction. The CIA offered a 150,000 dollar open contract on Castro. Samuel Halpern, the CIA executive in charge of Task Force W whose sole purpose was to assassinate Castro, wrote that the Kennedys were obsessed about wanting Castro dead "for personal reasons - because the family name was besmirched by the Bay of Pigs." Even up to his death, JFK was directing an effort to manufacture pretexts to invade Cuba. These efforts may have precipitated the Cuban missile crises.
November 1, 1963 JFK instigated a plot to overthrow and kill South Vietnam's Premiere Diem. JFK played politics with American lives in Vietnam, he put his election ahead of American lives. He feared that Diem, who was negotiating with the North, would force Americans out before the 1964 elections. Voice of America broadcasts called for the coup, JFK had cut off pay to the Palace Guard and American advisors were attached to almost every unit that attacked the Presidential Palace. The Viet Cong made huge advances in the resulting confusion. JFK had asked Air Force General Edward Landsdale, an ex-CIA man, to go to Saigon and help "get rid" of Diem (he refused). Lt. Col. Lucien Conein was used instead. The fundamental planning document was the August 30, 1963, memo to Secretary of State Dean Rusk from Roger Hilsman, Assistant Sec. State for Far Eastern Affairs. It said among other things, "We should encourage the coup group to destroy the palace if necessary to gain victory..." and in point 10 it ordered the death of Diem. In 1961 when JFK took office there were 685 US military advisors in Vietnam and in 1963 there were 16,732 (including combat troops) in violation of the 1954 Geneva Conventions and aid had gone up to $400 million per year. Kennedy said "now we have a problem in trying to make our power credible, and Vietnam looks like the place."
In the Summer of 1963, the US had 200 Atlas, Titan and Minuteman missiles, over 100 Polaris missiles and about 1700 nuclear bombers. Russia had about 50 ICBM's and 200 long-range bombers. Our megatonnage was 10 to 1. JFK decided to give away our advantage, hold back our nuclear forces and allow the Russians to catch up on the theory that this would create an equal balance of terror and work for world peace. Kennedy's idea, which turned out to be false, was that if the Soviets caught up that they would then stop their military buildup. This was probably the single most dangerous mistake Kennedy made.
THE KENNEDY ASSASSINATION
On a political trip to Dallas November 22, 1963, JFK was killed by a mafia conspiracy. Carlos Marcello, the mob chief of New Orleans who also controlled Texas, vowed revenge when RFK had him deported and dropped in a Guatamala jungle. In 1962 Marcello was quoted as saying in reference to the Kennedys: "The dog will keep biting you if you only cut off its tail. You must cut off the dog's head." He also said one could get away with it if one found "a nut to take the blame." Oswald worked in New Orleans from April to October 1963. He was a close associate of one of Marcello's top aides, a man named David Ferrie. Oswald was also the nephew of Dutz Murret, another Marcello associate, who set Oswald up in New Orleans (the mafia trusts family). A third Marcello associate arranged bail when Oswald was arrested in August for a street disturbance. Three weeks before the assassination, Jack Ruby, a small-time mobster, called Nofio Pecora, Marcello's chief aide. Ruby, who had suddenly come into a great deal of cash on November 22, 1963, said later that he was "framed into killing Oswald." After the hit on Kennedy, Marcello let it be widely known throughout the mob world that he had done the hit. He told Jimmy Hoffa through a mob lawyer "You tell him he owes me, and he owes me big." Hoffa rewarded Marcello with $3.5 million from the Teamster's pension fund for a French Quarter hotel project. The House Select Committee on Assassinations (1979) concluded that the Mafia pulled the job. Robert Kennedy told Arthur Schlesinger that he blamed Marcello for his brother's death. Ironically, RFK's 3 year prosecution of Marcello ended the day JFK was killed - Carlos Marcello was acquitted in a deportation case November 22nd by a jury in New Orleans.
Oswald used a 6.5mm Mannlicher-Carcano bolt-action 40 inch carbine with a four-power scope. It cost only $19.95. It takes a minimum of 2.3 seconds between shots. Oswald used bullets reloaded for high power.
ONE OR MORE SHOOTERS?
The official theory is that two bullets hit Kennedy and the first of them continued on to hit Connally. The shots were at Zapruder film frames 223 and 312 and the range between Oswald and Kennedy for the first shot was 165 feet, for the second 265 feet. Zapruder's camera speed was 18.3 frames per second, thus the shots were about 5 seconds apart. The bullet which caused President Kennedy's neck wound and Governor Connally's back wound came from a point 27(deg )to the right of true north from the President and was descending at an angle of 25(deg) below horizontal. A straight line can be drawn from Oswald's sniper nest through Kennedy and Connally. Three spent cartridges were found on the sixth floor of the Book Depository, the first shot at frame Z160 having missed. The fact that two bullets made all the wounds makes a multiple-shooter theory unnecessary and ridiculous - why were the phantom shooters such terrible shots that they missed everything?
Oswald had connections to the Soviet Union, Cuba, and the mafia but Ruby was only connected to the mafia. That makes a mafia conspiracy the only plausible one. Prosecutor Jim Garrison of New Orleans (Oliver Stone's source) pointed his finger at everyone except Marcello. It was as if he were Marcello's agent of disinformation (not too surprising given that Garrison hired David Ferrie as his investigator and defended Marcello under oath).
1. That the C.I.A., which was under the total control of the Kennedys, did it is preposterous.
2. The Soviets wouldn't have used an amateur that could be easily traced to them. (Indeed, what would be their motive? They judged JFK was weak.)
3. Castro couldn't have used the mafia which hated him and was trying at the time to kill him. Note, however, that if Castro had killed Kennedy that he was within his rights to do it. Every man has the right to defend himself.
Of all the pro-active false leads that Marcello and Ferrie planned, the Cuban connection was the most fruitful. Oswald, who was anti-Castro, was encouraged to join a pro-Castro group, distribute their literature and get this to the notice of the police. An Oswald impersonator signed into the Cuban (and Russian) embassy in Mexico City shortly before the assassination. The supposed Oswald-Cuban connection caused RFK to interfere with the assassination investigation because he did not want the secret that the Kennedys had tried to assassinate Castro to come out. Marcello walked free.
CONCLUSION
Dean Acheson, former Secretary of State and one of JFK's top advisors, observed that Kennedy "did not have incisiveness and he was out of his depth where he was. I hate to say this because I know it's going to be misunderstood, but his reputation is greater because of the tragedy of his death than it would have been if he had lived out two terms...he did not seem to me to be in any sense a great man. I did not think that he knew a great deal about any of the matters which it is desirable that a Chief of State or a President of the United States should know about. He was not decisive."
To quote from Professor Thomas Reeves, "During the Thousand Days, Kennedy arrogantly and irresponsibly violated his covenant with the people. While saying and doing the appropriate things in the public light, he acted covertly in ways that seriously demeaned himself and his office."
With the appointment of his brother as attorney general, he tried to found a political dynasty, abhorred by the Founding Fathers. "The metaphor of Camelot, after all, is ultimately un-American and undemocratic, conjuring up images of crowns and dashing young princes and noble birth."
The Dark Side of Camelot by Seymour Hersh, Little Brown. 1997, defines JFK as a lout, a cad, a boor, an oaf, a schemer, a liar, a blackmailer and a reckless gambler with the nation's security, its integrity and its institutions. Kennedy was a man thoroughly out of control, thoroughly out of his depth, and maybe thoroughly out of his mind.
Kennedy wasn't just the Hoodlum Prince of Camelot, he was the incarnation of Sodom and Gomorrah.
REEVES -- A Question of Character by Thomas Reeves, NY:Free Press, 1991
An excellent book is John F. Kennedy's 13 Great Mistakes in the White House, by Malcom Smith, Smithtown, NY:Suffolk house, 1980.
LINKS
