Pros:A movie that will make one want to watch over and over again.
Cons:Unfortunately, alot of the town's people did not understand "Radio."
The Bottom Line: If you like heart-warming movies, I recommend renting this movie.
Plot Details: This opinion reveals major details about the movie's plot.
I rented this film on VHS this evening and I really and truly enjoyed watching this movie. This is inspired by a true story and watching this movie brought some tears to my eyes.
The setting takes place in 1976 in a small South Carolina town where this young man walked the town, pushing a grocery cart with his belongings and who only made it as far as the 11th grade. Not only was he pushing a grocery cart with his belongings, but he was always carrying a radio. He did this because he loved to listen to music.  This man was developmentally disabled and did not have any friends.  He lived with his mother though.  The man's name is James Robert Kennedy whose nickname is "Radio" played by Cuba Gooding.
"Radio" particularly enjoyed watching the high school football team playing on the field because he would always stop to watch behind the chained link-wired fence. When the team was playing, one of the players kicked the football so hard that it flew right over the fence and into "Radio's" direction.  He picked up the football, examined it and took it away with him as one of the team players Johnny Clay, played by Riley Smith tried to get "Radio" to give back the ball.
"Radio" who was in his mid twenties, had the mental capacity of a small child befriended a high school football coach and teacher after being tied up by the high school students who intercepted him and physically jumped him.  And those high school students that tied up "Radio" were football players. The perpetrator behind this was Johnny Clay.  Johnny Clay was a trouble maker.  Clay was definitely out to make "Radio's" life a living hell.
Ed Harris played as Coach Harry Jones and was the one that befriended "Radio."
It took very little effort for Coach Jones to communicate with "Radio's" mother to allow him to have "Radio" assist with the school activities in which she gave her consent.
Coach Jones had Clay suspended from the football team after learning that he coerced "Radio" into going into the girl's shower area.
"Radio" soon became part of Coach Jone's life.  Not only did he become part of his life, but also his wife Linda, played by Debra Winger.
Even with Coach Jones in his life, "Radio" was not exempted from the insults from people in his small South Carolina town.  For example, alot of the school staff wanted "Radio" banned from their high school.  Because "Radio" was working alongside with Coach Jones in teaching the class, the staff were not too fond with the idea.  Another is when the whole school staff met in the local barbershop, they all protested that "Radio" was a nuisance to their school.
Then after receiving an enormorous amount of Christmas presents from Coach Jones and his wife Linda, Radio was placed under arrest, being falsely accused of stealing the items that were given to him as gifts.  I was horrified that a town's cop would do this, especially to a developmentally disabled man.  It nearly tore my heart out.
The saddest part of the movie is when Radio's mother died suddenly from a fatal heart-attack, leaving Radio as an orphan, even if he had an older brother who lived nearby.
What I like most about this movie is Coach Jones forming a very strong bond between him and "Radio" and this movie is the most heart-warming movie of all-time.  This is by far, the best movie I have ever watched that ran for approximately 1 hour and 49 minutes. This movie is definitely well worth watching.
And then the early to mid 1970's music.  Boy, does this bring back many memories of my teenage life.  To this day, I still listen to that kind of music. Harold Melvin And The Blue Notes is one of them and his songs were played in this movie.  Stevie Wonder's "Sign Seal Delieverd, I'm Yours" is another.  And then Bachman-Turner Overdrive's "Let It Ride" was played as well. And of course, many other songs.  I love it.
This movie came out into the theatres in 2003 and is available on DVD and VHS in most video stores for rental.
This is a movie that is more for older teenagers as well as adults to watch because of some brief nudity and some mild language.
I usually watch action-filled movies, but this movie here is so interesting that I watched it from beginning to end and it's worth it.  I work with the developmentally disabled so I'm no stranger to this.
I love this movie and wouldn't mind watching this again.
How I learned about this movie is when an internet buddy of mine told me about watching this and urged me to watch this so I decided I would and I'm glad I got to watch this for the very first time.  Man, I'm going to recommend this movie to my family and other buddies.
If you happen to rent this, enjoy watching this movie.
Recommended: Yes
