KeepItSimple
Good afternoon Guys.
First and foremost,I just want to say that none of us know, or will ever know the true facts of this assassination. Plaine and simple, so dont act like you do, cause your only lying to yourself.
What we do know, is that in November, 1963, the most well planned, maliscious, geniusly orchestrated murder occured in Dallas, Tx. How do I know?? Because its 2010 and these mobsters and currupt roque elements of our goverment covered up the murder of our Countries Commander in Chief, and we still cant figure it out. Now thats a well planned conspiracy at every level. Everything is botched and happened for a reason.
If you do know anything about this case, and take passion in studing it, you most certainly know that the president was not shot from the 6th floor by some groomed CIA intelligence agent named Lee Harvey Oswald. He was murdered by more than one shooter, and everything was staged for a reason. Bay of Pigs. Bobby and organized crime. Castro. Just keep it simple! Stick with what we do know. The president was assassinated as a result of a conspiracy. An event that was thought out to confuse us for a 100 yrs, and its doing a damn good job of it. It angers me too. I want to know. Will never happen though. not in this lifetime. At least if your smart enough and know our goverment can murder someone, then you have peace of mind. I know the grand scheme of what happened that day, and for people to say the mob, or anyone else had nothing to do with it, your full of it.
Mary Edwardson
“In 1975 a Senate committee headed by Frank Church found that the [Central Intelligence] Agency had planned a number of assassination operations, using everything from poison to machine guns and sometimes mob hit men” –Jim Garrison, On the Trail of the Assassins
“We now know that the [Central Intelligence] Agency withheld from the Warren Commission the CIA-Mafia plots to kill Castro.  Had the commission known of the plots, it would have followed a different path in its investigation….  Many have told me that the culture of the Agency is one of prevarication and dissimulation and that you cannot trust it or its people.  Period.  End of story.  I am now in that camp.” –Robert Blakey, staff director and chief counsel for the U.S. House Select Committee on Assassinations, statement from 2003
“The dalliance between American intelligence and the Mafia had begun in World War II, at a time when anything seemed justifiable if it helped the war effort.  In the United States the Office of Naval Intelligence obtained the help of the Mafia’s then ‘don of dons,’ Lucky Luciano, in preventing German sabotage in American dockyards.  Through his close associate Meyer Lansky, Luciano mobilized his network of waterfront thugs accordingly and was rewarded by official leniency for his own past crimes.” –Anthony Summers, Not in Your Lifetime
“If possible, professional criminals will be hired to carry out specific selective ‘jobs’ [assassinations].” –Clandestine Operations Manual for Central America, a training manual written by the CIA
“It’s called in the intelligence lexicon, ‘plausible deniability.’ If they [CIA hired guns] perform actions that might embarrass the United States government, they can be denied [as being under the control of the government].” –William Leary, Merton Coulter Professor of History and winner of the Central Intelligence Agency’s Studies in Intelligence Award, interviewed in the documentary, Air America: The CIA’s Secret Airline
“Speaking of the CIA and FBI, Chief Justice Warren said, ‘They and all other agencies do employ undercover men who are of terrible character.’ Former CIA director Allen Dulles agreed, ‘Terribly bad characters,’ he said.” –Anthony Summers, Not in Your Lifetime, (Warren Commission Executive Session Transcripts, 27 January 1964, p. 163.)
“The agency ‘deals with everything from bottom feeders around the world to their governments on a routine basis.’” –senior U.S. intelligence official, quoted in Time magazine, 3 February 2003
“Sometimes people sort of glaze over about the notion that the Mafia and U.S. intelligence and the anti-Castro activists were involved together in the assassination of President Kennedy.  In fact, there’s no contradiction there.  Those three groups were all in bed together at the time and had been for several years in the fight to topple Fidel Castro.” –Anthony Summers, journalist and assassination researcher, interviewed by Bill Curtis for the cable TV program, Investigative Reports, September 1991
“One of the Mob’s big bases of operations was in Havana before the revolution, and Fidel [Castro] was cutting all that off … severing the ties with the gambling casinos.  The Mob worked shoulder to shoulder with the CIA’s Mongoose people [against Castro], to the point that it became almost indistinguishable as to where the CIA activities stopped and Mob activities started.” –John Stockwell, former CIA officer, interviewed by Frank Morrow for the TV program, Alternative Views, 1989
“The more we looked into it [the JFK assassination], the most productive area of investigation was clearly the CIA — namely, those operatives who had worked with the anti-Castro Cubans.” –Robert Tanenbaum, former Deputy Counsel for the U.S. House Select Committee on Assassinations, interviewed by David Talbot, Brothers: The Hidden History of the Kennedy Years
“The accusations linger.  In some minds the suspicions persist of a dark, unsolved conspiracy behind his [JFK's] murder.  You can dismiss them, as many of us do, but knowing now what our secret government planned for Castro, the possibility remains:  Once we decide that anything goes, anything can come home to haunt us.” –Bill Moyers, for the 1987 documentary, The Secret Government: The Constitution in Crisis
“…the real danger the CIA has always presented — unbridled criminal stupidity, cloaked in a blanket of national security.” –Gary Webb, Dark Alliance
“Now they’re going to find out about Cuba, they’re going to find out about the guns, find out about New Orleans, find out about everything.” –Jack Ruby, Oswald’s assassin, HSCA Report, vol. IX: V, p. 162.  (Ruby made this comment to his former employee, Wally Weston who was visting him in jail.)
no name
marcello paid eighty five thousand for that job . handed over three days later to a cut out
no name
the rifles were mausers which had been aquired three weeks before for another job but used for this one instead
no name
may kennedy’s soul rest in peace and may god forgive all
scooper
do you know why he was killed no name?
KeepItSimple
Multiple reasons Scooper…This murder plot was at the highest level of our countries government. There were many reasons involved. They shouldnt over-shaddow the gross assassination of him that incorporated hundreds maybe even thousands of individuals.
Times were different back then. CIA was calling shots and wagin their own war on Castro. Did Kennedy ever upset mob bosses and upper CIA intelligence officials? Probably on a dialy basis. They hated Kennedy and his brother, and we are talking 50 years later about what they did to him, because of their hatred.
This assassination set the tone for our government and let it be known that if your not on the same page, it doesnt matter who you are. You will die. LBJ knew exactly what was about to happen. If you ever get borred, read the lost tapes from the whitehouse follwing the assassination. You will think LBJ was the devil reincarnate. These are non-fiction books. They were the real deal. It lets you start figuring things out for yourself.
Look at the Warren commision for starters if you want to know reasons why JFk was killed. Coincidental that people on the investigation board were people the JFK fired for going behind his back in secret attempts on Castro? Thats just a needle in a haystack of facts that magicaly appear about this assassination. Not to detour from the reason Kennedy was killed, but Kennedy was killed for many reasons. Many people in high places wanted him dead and they did. Ever wonder why Tippett was really killed?? Did you know that the way Kennedy was suppose to be shot directly resembled the bullett wounds Officer Tippett recieved? This case is mind boggeling. I suggest everyone do their own research and come to your own conclusion. Its the best we have, and it will let you know that in no way shape or form, Kennedy was shot by one person from the 6th floor book depository. CIA, Mob, black ops, Vice president, FBI, ONI, Secret service. All hands effort that changed the ways of our Countries Government. Obama is president because the (Powers that be) want him there for a good reason. This Country is no joke, and just when you think you got somthing figured out, your wrong.
KeepItSimple
“Conspiracy Theory always brings out the crazies.
JFK was killed by a lone, white gun-nut.
Why is that hard to understand?”
I guess factial evidence doesnt pertain to you Cedric. I understand different people have different theories, but I have never met someone who honestly beleives what you just said. Please explain so I can get a better look at how one shooter did this… Dont worry about his CIA connections and false defections. Dont worry about his unmarksman like shooting habbits, or his presense in the break room while the shooting was taking place. Or how he ran to his neighborhood and decided to shoot Tippett, or the 100 or so other facts that make his shooting a complete botched circumstance. I’ll leave all that out and just see what facts you have. Thanks. Time is of no issue. Tell the Warren Commision hi for me.
no name
the rifles were sourced by a cia technician ,it was not his normal job ,cant rember his name .
CatLady
I think big foot killed him.yeahh
KeepItSimple
No way, bigfoot was chillen with his family back in the 60′s. He didnt go apesh&t and start hunting till the late 70′s when we decided that the forest and plantation should be demolished so we can build million dollar homes, and small buisnesses.
Peter Hoelen
As many of you have, I have read over 50 books on the circumstances surrounding the assassination of JFK. I never believed in the “lone-nut” theory or the “magic bullet” theory. I was always suspicious that there were so many vastly different theories as to who did it and how. Anti-Castro Cubans, Pro-Castro Cubans, the Mafia, the CIA, the FBI, the John Birch Society, the Military Industrial Complex (of the US) and even a Secret Service Agent riding in the Secret Service “Follow-Up” car, among other theories. It almost seemed that there was some sort of “Misinformation” apparatus somewhere, that was flooding the media with nonsense to throw the public off. I must admit that only the 2 books written by Thom Hartmann and Lamar Waldron “Ultimate Sacrifice”, and “Legacy of Secrecy” tie all of the true facts about the greatest crime in US history together, at last. Both J Edgar Hoover (FBI), and Richard Helms (CIA), were compromised by their involvement with the Mafia. J Edgar because of his homosexuality, which the Mafia caught him at (on tape recordings) and Richard Helms who,in 1962 became Director of Plans after the CIA’s disastrous role in the attempted invasion of Cuba. Helms assured the Kennedy Brothers (Jack and Bobby) that they were not using the Mafia in their part of The December 1, 1963 “Plan to Overthrow Castro”. But Helms continued to use Mafia people on his anti-Castro activities. By allowing the Mafia access to the plan, Helms allowed the Mafia to develop a fool-proof plot to get away with the assassination of a US President (to this day).
As a result of being compromised, both Hoover and Helms created divisions within their agencies to investigate and discredit anyone and everyone who tried to investigate or write books (or articles)about the CIA and FBI as complicit in the President’s death. All this to save their own agencies and careers.
I always felt that there was a connection between “Watergate” and the assassination of JFK, and likewise believed that the people who killed JFK also killed RFK and Martin Luther King. These 2 books show, for the first time, that these events were, in fact, connected, and that all three murders were committed by and covered up by the Mafia… with the help of the FBI and CIA.
Gene Flynn
In a time of ‘Cold War’, a nation cannot be deemed vulnerable. If the U.S Govt expedited a quick finding in the greatest ‘Whodunnit’ in modern history, then it was probably for the stability of it’s international standing in trouble times.
I often reflect on John Kennedy who swam out to sea from an island in the Sth Pacific to seek rescue for his men when his PT boat was sunk. An incredibly selfless and heroic act.He took responsibility for the loss of his boat and for the situation that he and his men found themselves in. I like to think he carried that ideology with him into the White House.
He was a real ‘Commander and Chief’ and the whole world sensed it.
The ‘Lone gunman’ theory was convenient and even more convenient for those who dont want to think but having spoken to a former Marine sharp shooter who was in Dallas that fateful day and I shall quote from the conversation, ” Well I dont know who killed the President but I can tell you that the rifle they found from that distance (book depository) and trajectory and the speed of the motorcade, it was impossible with that weapon” !
I could tell he was fearful of saying this stuff to me so I didnt press him.
It has been fear, fear amongst the common man that has protected Kennedy’s killers. Oswald certainly never created that kind of fear. He’s dead too and so why did so many witnesses go to ground ?
Kennedy was warned not to go to Texas but he did and this time the sharks were waiting.The elimination of a dynasty had commenced and those who feared  this courageous bloodline have made sure that ‘Camelot’ remains a fairytale.
The Siscillian method of execution in broad daylight is perhaps a clue that the Mafia was involved but it is more likely that the ‘engine room’ was close to the scene of the crime. A dumby run in another state preceding the assassination for real time choreography and then ‘good to go’ in Dallas.
I was only three years old when JFK was gunned down. I saw grown men crying in the street and I asked my grandmother why these people were crying? She said to me, ” a very important man has died” !
How different the world may have been had courage prevailed !
Maria
Always have wondered- has anyone ever heard of any witnesses that saw suspicious individuals getting the logistics straight in Dealey Plaza in the days or weeks prior to the assassination??  My 2 cents on JFK’s murder is this. Research tells us that the US has been owned since at least 1913 (creation of Fed Reserve). Rothschild family owns this entity. It is my belief that any killing of a US politician, especially the President has to be ordered, or at the very least,condoned by this family and their cohorts. All books and theories rarely mention this. Think of the world as a pyramid or a criminal organization. People must follow orders and get approval for certain things. The reason why JFK’s murder will never be solved is because all the theories get you spinning in all different directions and away from the real power behind the scene. This real power controls all the others. A Pyramid, plain and simple. Sure JFK made a lot of enemies, but so did Clinton, Bush, etc. The whole world hates Bush and he gets to lounge by the pool for the rest of his life. As soon as you realize how much $ the Rothschilds have, it’s easy to see who is behind all this mess. They made the Bush, Rockefeller and many other families rich, so they can control the US for centuries. Listen to JFK’s last speech on Youtube and you can see what he was getting at. Made alot of people nervous. PS- Ever wonder why all the Presidents that have been killed or attempted to be killed have done something to piss of the Bankers and the money kings. Do research into this matter and read some famous quotes from some very influential people regarding these people. It all makes sense once you see the timelines!!
denise
i think maria might be on to something i have read numerous books on the assassination,one think has always bothered me after oswalds defection to the ussr and he gave secrets to the soviets how does a guy who comes back to the united states and nobody arrests him is this not treason were not the rosenbergs executed for this, also if oswald did shoot jfk why did he go back to his boarding house and get his pistol one would think he would have had his pistol with him in getaway after killing thr president of the united states
Followthemoney
The assassination(s) were all about money;
Three facts;
The missile crises scared the hell out of JFK and every sane person in the world. Hence JFK’s peace process starting with the USSR and Khrushchev.
If JFK wasn’t going to invade Cuba why fight in Vietnam (USA longest war). Hence JFK start to de-escalate and pull America out of the Far East. Infuriated off all those stock holding Joint Chiefs, CIA’s & others… you bet!
Billions and billions of dollars not going into the Military-Industrial complex. (Do you have any idea what all those nukes and wars cost?)
Hence the assassinations of both him and his brother.
The rest is just details and filler for books and web pages.
America lost more than a good leader(s). Some of the posts above detail the losses quite well.  Image all that money going into health, education and building American infrastructure?
The MI complex is just as strong today as it was then.
I hear it time and time again, shoot lots it’s good for business. And don’t worry the powers to be will keep finding enemies… to keep Americans safe from.
Freedom from fear is true freedom!
Rex Mundi
If you look real close at the Zapruder film,doesn’t it seems funny that only a really small number of people were line up on the left side of Elm Street,the side in which at least 4 bullets were aimed at? While the right side of Elm was packed with people?
steven arterbery
rip
http://bsquitti@gmail.com Brian
First of all JFK was fighting for peace around the world..And the so called attempt at another bay of pigs ..not..kennedy was trying to set the stage for peace for John Kennedy always believed the castro would fall when the United states traded with her..for greed would bring her down. Now isn’t it interesting that Oswald ex marine left all his shells behind at the scene of both crimes..and if that was hiding a rife in behind waist high boxes. when there were boxes stacked alot higher..those shells and rifle were made to be found..that was some marine he had all day to find a really good hiding spot..or even better yet make one..Now as far as Ruby..did Ruby really send his money order when it was said he did or did he pribe someone to say so..Interest that Ruby screwed up in his statements as he said he got angry when Oswald came out of an office..Oswald came out of a building; not an office..but he did come out of an office for he was being interrogated once again..a true slip by ruby..as far as the autopsy you have autopsy photos that don’t even match each other and worse yet the so called back wound is not the back wound for just left and litle lower is the true bullet wound..for it has the exact same abrassion collar his jacket has..President Kennedy wa kiled in coup by the C.I.A and the Mob; both for there own personally gain..Do I believe that LBJ and Hoover knew..yes..if you going to plan the crime of the century you want to make sure you have everyone on your side..regardles of how much LBJ hated the kennedy’s or hoover ..you still need them on your side..
brian
Larry Blong
The plot probably originated within a faction inside the CIA (David Atlee Phillips, Bill Harvey, David Morales, Sturgis, E. Howard Hunt), logistics carried out by David Ferrie and that gang, hitmen hired by the mob (Marcello, Trafficante), and all evidence covered up by the new man in power, LBJ and his cohort J. Edgar Hoover.  Eyewitnesses along the parade route claim that on Houston Street, before the 120 degree turn onto Elm, LBJ was ducking down in his seat.  Check the look of disdain on the face of LBJ toward JFK at the breakfast in Fort Worth.  Nixon and GHWB, who were in Dallas that day, probably also had a hand in it.
mahaki
There’s a lotta “gripes & bitches” in this column, and that’s all it is….JUST THAT !!!
AMERICA doesn’t Deserve any more or less,
What Anerica puts in, it’ll take out,
No more No Less !!!
In 45 years the American Public, has DONE. NOTHING,
about the ASSASSINATION of;
