Official Website of Walter Coffey
OFFICIAL WEBSITE OF WALTER COFFEY
HISTORICAL WRITER
This is copyrighted material.  Please do not copy without the author's permission. 
Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Click here to e-mail the author.
THE CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS
--10/01/2010
In October 1962, the world was pushed to the brink of nuclear war when U.S. officials discovered that the U.S.S.R. was building missile systems in Cuba, close enough to strike U.S. soil. For 13 days, President John F. Kennedy and Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev faced off in a battle of wills as people around the world anxiously watched to see which superpower would blink first.
The Bay of Pigs
In April 1961, three months after President Kennedy took office, a small force of Cuban exiles invaded Cuba at the Bahia de Cochinos (Bay of Pigs) in an effort to overthrow Communist dictator Fidel Castro and his regime. The exiles had been assured that the U.S. would back them with a naval fleet and warplanes, and Kennedy approved the plan.
However Castro had anticipated an invasion, having announced on Radio Havana that Kennedy’s recent State of the Union address indicated "a new attack on Cuba by the United States." When the invasion went bad, Kennedy withheld the promised naval and air support. Consequently the invasion was crushed; all invaders were either killed or captured by Castro’s forces, and a humiliated Kennedy had to negotiate for the release of the captives.
The Bay of Pigs debacle was the result of poor training and planning, along with a lack of effective communication and equipment. This fiasco not only damaged U.S. prestige among its allies, but it increased the tension between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. Castro denounced the U.S. as aggressors and strengthened his ties to the Soviets. In Moscow, Premier Khrushchev saw this as a sign of Kennedy’s weakness and decided to move toward arming Cuba more heavily.
Signs of Weakness in Europe
Khrushchev’s opinion of Kennedy as a weak novice who could be intimidated was enhanced at a 1961 summit meeting in Vienna. Following that meeting, even Kennedy admitted that Khrushchev had pushed him around. This summit emboldened the Soviets to tighten their grip on Eastern Europe, which led to the building of the Berlin Wall.
The Berlin Wall separated Communist East Berlin from free West Berlin in East Germany. The wall stopped the desperate flow of refugees from the East to freedom in the West. West Berliners expressed frustration that Kennedy did nothing to stop the wall from being built. Even though there was little that Kennedy could have done (the wall did not interfere with western access and did not justify going to war), the presumption that Kennedy allowed the wall to go up added to his reputation as a weak leader.
This growing perception of Kennedy’s weakness prompted the Soviets to make their biggest gamble of the Cold War—installing offensive nuclear weapons systems in Cuba.
The Missile Discovery
On October 14, 1962, photographs over Cuba taken by U-2 spy planes revealed 65 Soviet missile sites on the island. These included not only intermediate-range ballistic nuclear missile sites (IRBMs) but also surface-to-air missiles (SAMs) protecting the sites. These bases were capable of launching missiles that could destroy major U.S. communications systems before a retaliatory strike could be ordered. The missiles could also strike many major U.S. cities and kill tens of millions of Americans within minutes.
When Kennedy received the photographs on October 16, he immediately consulted with his advisors and cabinet. A response to this threat was needed not only to protect the U.S. but to stop Soviet expansion in the Western Hemisphere. If the U.S. did nothing, it would live under the threat of nuclear attack at close range, and U.S. prestige in the free world would be permanently weakened. It would also embolden world communism. If the U.S. attacked Cuba, it could spark a nuclear war with the U.S.S.R.
Kennedy’s cabinet divided almost evenly on what that response should be. Some favored an immediate air strike and invasion of Cuba. Others favored requesting that the United Nations invoke sanctions against Cuba and the U.S.S.R. Attorney General Robert Kennedy proposed a naval blockade of Cuba to prevent the importation of goods needed to finish building the incomplete weapons systems. This was based on an earlier CIA report which argued that blockading Cuba would not prompt war if Kennedy could prove that it was a direct response to Soviet aggression. Perhaps more importantly, a naval blockade would give the Soviets time to back down gracefully without direct confrontation.
The Negotiations
After hearing various opinions, Kennedy reached a decision and addressed the nation on television on October 22. He announced that the Soviets had installed missile bases in Cuba, capable of sending nuclear missiles 1,000 miles into the U.S. Kennedy warned that any attempt to place nuclear weapons in Cuba would be construed as a threat to the U.S., and while the U.S. did not seek war, it would not tolerate the installation of Soviet missiles in Cuba. 
To stop the missile installation, Kennedy announced a naval blockade, or "quarantine," of Cuba. All ships arriving in Cuba were to be inspected by the U.S. Navy. In addition, the Soviets were given until October 24 to dismantle the systems already in place. To back this deadline, Kennedy ordered the military to prepare for an invasion of Cuba. This speech drew widespread support from U.S. allies around the world. After the speech, Kennedy began negotiations with the Soviets through an intermediary working for ABC News.
In the negotiations, Kennedy insisted that Khrushchev return to the "earlier situation" before the missile bases had been installed. As Soviet ships approached Cuba, Khrushchev warned that the U.S.S.R. would not accept the blockade. People around the world nervously awaited a confrontation as the ships drew nearer.
On October 26, Khrushchev sent a secret message to Kennedy offering to withdraw the missile bases in exchange for a U.S. pledge not to invade Cuba. Shortly after sending this message, Moscow hardliners also insisted that the U.S. dismantle its missile bases in Turkey. Khrushchev sent a second message with this new demand, but Kennedy pretended not to have received it while accepting the terms of the first.
Castro urged Khrushchev to launch a "pre-emptive" nuclear attack on the U.S., but Khrushchev refused. The U.S. tried to negotiate with Castro through Brazilian intermediaries, but Castro refused. When Khrushchev agreed to dismantle the missile sites based on Kennedy’s pledge not to invade Cuba, Castro flew into a rage.
The Agreement
Through back channels, a secret deal was struck between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. The Soviets would dismantle the missile sites in Cuba, and the U.S. would not invade Cuba. In addition, a telephone hotline between Washington and Moscow would be installed to ensure better communication, and a nuclear test ban treaty would be negotiated. The U.S. secretly dismantled its missile sites in Turkey as well, but these sites were obsolete anyway due to advances in nuclear submarine technology.
Radio Moscow announced that the missiles in Cuba would be crated and returned to the U.S.S.R., and Khrushchev ordered the Soviet ships heading to Cuba to turn back from the U.S. blockade line. The U.S. blockade of Cuba ended on November 20. With the world brought closer to nuclear war than at any other time in history, the diffusion of this crisis brought immense relief.  
Aftermath
The "Cuban Missile Crisis" erased President Kennedy’s earlier reputation as a weakling in dealing with the Soviets. The press hailed Kennedy as a tough young president who forced the mighty U.S.S.R. to back down. However little was mentioned about how Kennedy’s earlier perceived weakness played a key role in starting this crisis in the first place. Nevertheless, this was a good example of Kennedy’s resolve as he won the game of bluff against the Soviets.
Conversely, the Cuban Missile Crisis humiliated the U.S.S.R., which had overextended itself with the help of Cuban goading. Soviet intelligence later revealed that the U.S. Navy could have destroyed the Soviet Atlantic fleet in minutes, prompting the U.S.S.R. to begin building a world-class navy. Moreover, intelligence from a Soviet defector showed that U.S. nuclear weaponry was far superior to the Soviets’, despite Kennedy’s false campaign claim of a "missile gap" between the superpowers.
When the U.S. called the Soviets’ bluff, the Soviets had nothing to counter with and thus had to withdraw. Also critical to U.S. success was the fact that the crisis took place at sea, close to U.S. shores, where the undersized Soviet navy was at a distinct disadvantage.
The U.S. success in the Cuban Missile Crisis prompted many Cubans to flee to the U.S., where most flourished in a capitalist economy while Cuba languished in poverty under Communist oppression. U.S. military expenditures reached $50 billion as a result of the crisis, the highest amount since the Korean conflict of 1950-1953. Furthermore, the success emboldened many U.S. officials to support using the military to stop the spread of communism in other parts of the world. As a result, Kennedy’s new tough, anti-Communist stance would next take U.S. interests to Vietnam.
SITE LINKS
