Assignment
 
What were the five possible U.S. responses to the presence of nuclear missiles in Cuba, and why did President Kennedy select the naval quarantine option?
 
Background
 
In October 1962, U.S. aerial reconnaissance pictures showed about forty offensive nuclear missiles being installed and manned in Cuba by Soviet technicians. These missiles had an effective range of a little more than two thousand miles and threatened much of America.  Although the United States had already broken off diplomatic relations with Cuba after the revolution led by Fidel Castro, President John F. Kennedy refused to authorize air strikes against the missile installations and instead demanded the immediate removal of the missiles. To achieve that, he ordered a naval blockade and quarantine of all offensive military equipment under shipment to Cuba.  By a vote of 20 to 0, the Organization of American States also recommended that member nations take necessary measures to stop the flow of offensive weapons to Cuba.
 
Kennedy told Nikita Khrushchev , the Soviet leader, that if Cuba launched any missiles at the United States it would be considered an act of war by the Soviet Union, and the U.S. would retaliate directly against the Soviet Union.  Americans waited while Soviet ships carrying offensive weapons to Cuba approached the blockade, while cargo ships were allowed to pass. On 28 October Khrushchev accepted the American demands.  The Soviet government agreed to dismantle its bases and remove the missiles.  Kennedy and Khrushchev came to a compromise that if the nuclear missiles were pulled out of Cuba, the American quarantine against Cuba would end and the U.S. would not invade the island.  The U.S. also agreed to speed up removal of nuclear missiles from Turkey.  The world was never as close to nuclear warfare as it was during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
 
 
Timeline
1 January 1959, President Fulgencio     Batista fled; 2 January 1959 Fidel Castro proclaimed victory in Santiago;     2 February 1959 Cuba declared Castro was the new premier and     president.
27 May 1960, United States ended     aid to Cuba.
12 July 1960, Nikita Khrushchev     supported Cuba in dispute with U.S. over Guantanamo Bay military     base.
14 October 1960, Foreign banks     nationalized (7 August 1960, Castro had nationalized all U.S. property, about     770 million dollars).
17 April 1961, Bay of     Pigs.
22 October 1962, Kennedy announced     that Soviet Union had nuclear missiles in Cuba based on aerial reconnaissance     of 16 October.
26 October, Khrushchev said that     he would remove the missiles if the U.S. removed missiles from Turkey and     promised not invade Cuba.  Kennedy replied that all work in Cuba must     stop before any negotiation.
28 October, Khrushchev agreed     to dismantle the sites (U.S. removed its missiles from Turkey in     November).
30 August 1963, The U.S. and U.S.S.R.     established a "hot-line" to prevent the risk of an accidental nuclear     war.
 
WWW sites
 
There are many sites devoted to the crisis.  A good starting point, the The  Cuban Missile Crisis gives an in-depth chronology. or the wikipedia entry .  (See also the course  taught at Georgetown College for a set of excellent references.).  The letter (in Russian from the Soviet archives) from Khrushchev to Kennedy is available.
 
If you have installed a RealAudio player on your computer, you can listen to the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Adlai Stevenson, query the Russian ambassador about the missiles sites ( text ).  There are also recordings (RealAudio format) of all the White House conversations taped during the crisis and President Kennedy's Radio and Television Report to the American People on the Soviet Arms Buildup in Cuba .
 
In a class by itself is the remarkable www site 14 Days in October:  The Cuban Missile Crisis from ThinkQuest.  This is a great site that has documents photos, dossiers, briefings, audio in a well-constructed and useful setting (highly recommended). This is not to be confused with Thirteen Days in History , another great site of source materials..
 
