Romney Shrugs Off Mormon History Film
Cuba was behind the assassination of President John F. Kennedy claims an ex-agent of Cuba's secret intelligence service.
Featured in a German TV documentary, "Rendezvous with Death," Oscar Marino - a defector from the Castro regime - said the Cubans were desperate to eliminate Kennedy, an opponent of the revolution, who wanted to kill Castro.
"You ask why we took Oswald?" he said to the German film maker Wilfried Huismann. "Oswald was a dissident: he hated his country. He possessed certain characteristics. There wasn't anyone else. You take what you can get ... Oswald volunteered to kill Kennedy."
Oswald, a Castro supporter who had once defected to the Soviet Union and was active in the communist-backed Fair Play for Cuba Committee after returning to the U.S., once traveled to Mexico City not long before Kennedy was shot. Although it was widely reported that he remained there after visits to the Soviet embassy, one high placed intelligence official once confided that there was evidence that Oswald also made a clandestine visit to Havana before returning to the U.S.
Story Continues Below
  According to Britain's Telegraph newspaper, Huismann spent three years trying to convince various people to break their silence about Oswald's alleged Cuba connections. The Telegraph reported that the resultant documentary is based on testimony by former U.S., Cuban and Russian agents, KGB files and Mexican archives.
Among them was a retired FBI agent, Lawrence Keenan, now in his eighties. The Telegraph says he was sent after the assassination to trace Oswald's footsteps in Mexico.
Keenan said he found evidence linking the Cubans with the murder - prompting FBI director J. Edgar Hoover to withdraw Keenan from the assignment after three days there on the orders of President Lyndon Johnson.
"This was perhaps the worst investigation the FBI was ever involved in," said Keenan.
"I realized that I was used. I felt ashamed. We missed a moment in history."
The Telegraph recalled that the Johnson administration,  considered Mexico City a "Pandora's Box," fearing that a war with Cuba would result if the truth were revealed to the American people.
"They were afraid of what will happen," Keenan said. "They didn't want to . . . know the truth for fear it would mean we go to war. Johnson sincerely feared for his own life." That's why it was convenient for the administration to depict Oswald as a loner, acting on his own.
General Alexander Haig, a military adviser to Kennedy and Johnson and, later, President Reagan's secretary of state, says in the film that Johnson was terrified his people would learn the truth.
"He [Johnson] said 'we simply must not allow the American people to believe that Fidel Castro could have killed our president.' And the reason was that there would be a Right-wing uprising in America, which would keep the Democratic party out of power for two generations."
General Haig added: "He [Johnson] was convinced Castro killed Kennedy, and he took it to his grave."
Also revealed in Huismann's documentary is the secret war, involving murder and sabotage plots, between Castro and the Kennedy brothers, when John and Robert Kennedy allegedly planned eight assassination attempts on Castro, all of which failed.
Huismann's explanation for the failures is a Cuban who fought alongside Castro, but who later fell out with him. He says that this man was "contracted" by Robert Kennedy to murder the "Maximo Lider", and was provided by the CIA with pistols disguised as fountain pens and powerful poison to carry out the task. Castro however always learned of the plots.
In the film it is alleged that in November 1963 the Cuban took his last order from Robert Kennedy to murder Castro. The act, involving poison and the fountain pen, was to be carried out on Nov 22, the very day Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas.
"Unfortunately, Castro was better than us," said a CIA agent in the film who is not identified.
Marino said Oswald was recruited to the secret service organization by the same agent who had been recruited to kill Castro, a year before the Kennedy assassination.
"In other words, the very man Robert Kennedy recruited to kill Fidel Castro hired his brother's murderer," Huismann told the Telegraph. Moreover KGB files released in Moscow document a meeting between Oswald and the Cuban, who is now a retired surgeon living in Madrid. Interviewed for the film, however, he denied any connection to Oswald, calling it an "outrageous lie."
Marino failed to say whether Castro had direct knowledge of the Oswald assassination plan.
Huismann wrote his film with Gus Russo, author of the 1998 book on the Castro-JFK rivalry, "Live by the Sword."
Editor's note:
