For Cubans, missile crisis was a time of courage
Allentown Morning Call - By  Matthew Brown - October 11, 2002
It was 40 years ago that  world teetered on nuclear armageddon.
SAN CRISTOBAL, Cuba |  -- Surprised by the rumble of the flatbed trucks, Radem Cruz Soto joined  neighbors streaming out of their one- and two-story concrete homes in this  farming community to throng the main road for a closer look.
The  transports carried no insignias; the pink-faced young men wore ordinary clothes.  But when he saw the missiles, Cruz Soto understood. The 19-year-old economics  student swelled with pride — and a feeling of relief.
Eighteen months  earlier, a force of exiles organized, armed and trained by the United States had  landed at Playa Giron, a stretch of beach at the mouth of the Bay of Pigs, in an  attempt to wrest the Caribbean nation from the socialist revolution of Fidel  Castro.
The attack was a disaster, but U.S.-backed insurgents continued  to hold the Sierra del Escambray mountains around the southern port city of  Trinidad in Sancti Spiritus province. Officials in Havana saw the work of the  CIA in warehouse fires, factory explosions and plots on Castro's life. Cubans  braced for a larger invasion, this time by U.S. troops.
But with the  unannounced delivery of the Soviet R-12 and R-14 medium-range ballistic  missiles, it seemed to Cruz Soto that long-awaited help finally had arrived. In  nuclear weapons capable of striking most cities in the continental United  States, he believed, Cuba now had the deterrent it needed to pursue its new  brand of socialism free of interference by the colossus to the  north.
''We needed a line of defense,'' remembers Cruz Soto, now 59. ''To  me, the missiles were fundamental.''
Forty years ago this coming Monday,  spy plane photographs of Soviet base construction here at the foot of the  Cordillera de Guaniguanico mountains would trigger the most dangerous  confrontation of the Cold War.
But while Americans remember the Cuban  missile crisis as a moment when the world seemed to teeter on the edge of  nuclear armageddon, to Cubans it was a time of courage and defiance, a brief  instance when the little country had the strength to stand up to its  overwhelming adversary.
''A war would have been horrible,'' says Salvador  Massip Soto, who was a member of the Cuban Air Force in October 1962. ''But what  I remember most, the thing that still calls my attention, is that there was no  fear.''
Indeed, Cubans say it wasn't until Soviet Premier Nikita  Khrushchev agreed to take the missiles back — a deal Castro learned about  through news reports — that they felt vulnerable.
''Many eyes of Cuban  and Soviet men who had been willing to give their lives with sublime dignity  filled with tears when the surprising, sudden and practically unconditional  decision to withdraw the arms was announced,'' a bitter Castro wrote to  Khrushchev days after the agreement. Perhaps you are unaware the extent to which  the Cuban people had prepared themselves to fulfill their duty to their country  and to humanity.''
'Awaiting an invasion'
On the leafy grounds of  the Museo de la Revolucion in Old Havana lies the battered turbine of the U-2  piloted by Maj. Rudolf Anderson during the crisis, and the Soviet missile  launcher used to shoot it down. Inside the former presidential palace, the  state-run museum displays a map of the naval blockade ordered by President John  F. Kennedy and a photo of anti-aircraft artillery brigades defending the storied  stretch of Havana seafront called the Malec.
These artifacts of what  Cubans call ''la Crisis de Octubre'' are presented as part of a larger  narrative, one also represented by newspaper headlines describing U.S. sanctions  against Cuba and the tank commanded by Castro to defend the Bay of  Pigs.
''The first thing to understand is that the Crisis of October  didn't begin in October,'' says senior guide Elio Pena Martinez, the museum's  resident expert on the era. Cubans say it was the failed April 1961 landing at  Playa Giron that led Castro to seek Soviet protection.
''We were awaiting  an invasion,'' says Massip Soto, who was operations chief for a helicopter  squadron at the Baracoa Air Base near Havana. Running his fingers over a map, he  outlines what his commanders believed would be the U.S. battle  plan.
''The Marines would land here, between Mariel and Santa Fe and  here, in the Santa Cruz area,'' he says, tapping stretches of coastline on  either side of the capital. ''These are very deep ports, so they would be good  for landing. The 82nd Airborne, and maybe the 101st, would drop in here'' — a  broad expanse south of Havana — ''to cut off the city.''
Pena Martinez  lived in Havana at the time.
''We never knew when it would come,'' he  says. ''My brother and I would not leave the house without taking the  rifle.''
The Cuban concerns were not unfounded. The United States had  developed plans to invade the island. The CIA was devising plots to assassinate  Castro. Operation Mongoose, authorized by Kennedy in November 1961, combined  diplomatic pressure, economic sanctions and military threats with industrial  sabotage and support for insurgents.
When Castro asked for conventional  missiles to defend Cuba, Khrushchev saw an opportunity.
In the years  since World War II, the United States had surrounded the Soviet Union with  hundreds of nuclear warheads. The Soviets, meanwhile, had no more than 50  weapons capable of striking the United States. Missile bases 90 miles from  Florida could even the strategic balance.
Khrushchev proposed sending  nuclear missiles to the island. Castro agreed to take them. The first arms  arrived in mid-September.
'Our inevitable weapons'
In San  Cristobal, police cleared the Avenida Maceo in advance of the caravan. The  Soviet soldiers, their sunburned faces glistening in the tropical heat, smiled  and waved to their Cuban companions.
After years of tension with the  stronger United States, the missiles brought Cubans a sense of  relief.
''It was a mechanism of security,'' says Massip Soto. ''Everyone  felt more secure. Perhaps now we would have better understood all of the  political implications.''
From the beginning, Cuba and the Soviet Union  differed over whether to publicize the acquisition. Castro favored announcing a  mutual defense pact; Khrushchev told him they should wait until the arms were  assembled and present their presence to Kennedy as a fait accompli.
In a  secret 1968 speech to the Central Committee of the Cuban Communist Party,  published this month in ''Sad and Luminous Days'' by James G. Blight and Phillip  Brenner, Castro called Khrushchev's approach ''the first  weakness.''
''Cuba is a sovereign, independent country, and has a right  to own the weapons that it deems necessary, and the U.S.S.R. to send them there,  in the same light that the United States has felt it has the right to make  agreements with dozens of countries, and send them the weapons as that they see  fit, without the Soviet Union considering it had the right to intercede,'' he  said. ''From the very beginning it was a capitulation, an erosion of our  sovereignty.''
Soviet troops setting up bases all over the island, even  in civilian clothes, proved difficult to hide.
''It was a secret that  everyone knew,'' Massip Soto says.
Everyone except the Americans. At the  United Nations on Oct. 8, 1962, then Cuban President Osvaldo Dortico told the  General Assembly, ''I repeat we have sufficient means with which to defend  ourselves; we have indeed our inevitable weapons, the weapons which we would  have preferred not to acquire and which we do not wish to employ.''
The  U.S. delegation failed to catch the hint. It wasn't until a week later, on Oct.  15, that CIA analysts examining photographs taken the day before by U-2 pilot  Maj. Richard Heyser of the San Cristobal site discovered the  missiles.
'There was no panic'
Kennedy ordered the blockade,  mobilized hundreds of thousands of troops for an invasion, and demanded that  Khrushchev remove the missiles.
Eleven years old at the time, Rafael  Saumell Muoz remembers images of Castro and Kennedy flickering across the family  television screen. He recalls shortages of milk, butter, rice and beans during  the crisis, and seeing U.S. planes flying low over the island. Looking out over  the Malec from his father's high-rise apartment in Havana, he says, he could see  the line of U.S. ships stretching across the horizon.
''Obviously we were  very aware of retaliation the Americans were ready to take against Cubans,''  Saumell Muoz says. ''People were concerned about dying, and losing everything.  But I want to stress this point. I don't remember that my family ever lost their  sense of humor. The adults kept their sense of hope.''
Other Cubans share  similar memories. ''There was no terror. There was no panic,'' Massip Soto  says.
But with Soviet ships approaching the blockade, Kennedy preparing  for action, and Castro deploying all of Cuba's military to defend the island,  not everyone was calm.
'Humiliation and surrender'
As Earth edged  toward global thermonuclear war, the United States and the Soviet Union opened  negotiations. Castro was left out of the back-channel discussions.
''We  were a little ignored by the big ones,'' Massip Soto says. ''The Soviet Union  marginalized Cuba. They gave them much without consulting us.''
Kennedy's  pledge not to invade the island would provide little comfort. Khrushchev's  agreement to remove the missiles would strain relations between Havana and  Moscow for years.
While the rest of the world gasped its relief, Cuba  felt ignored, betrayed and abandoned.
''Cuba did not want to live at the  expense of humiliation and surrender; for that, you do not have to be a  revolution-ary,'' Castro told Central Committee members in his secret  speech.
Forty years after the crisis, Pena Martinez still sees injustice  in the U.S. focus on Cuba.
''There is no paper, no document that says  only the great powers have a right to have nuclear weapons,'' the museum guide  says. ''The United States doesn't attack Russia. The United States doesn't  attack China. The large ones respect each other. The little ones fall by the  wayside.
''The only way to avoid war is to arm yourself. We would have  preferred to die fighting than to give up the missiles.''
&&&&&&&&&&&&&
VETERANS OF CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS  ARRIVE IN HAVANA
NATIONAL SECURITY  ARCHIVE   http://www.gwu.edu/~nsarchiv. THURSDAY - OCTOBER 10,  2002
PRESS RELEASE
National Security Archive Update, October 10,  2002  http://www.nsarchive.org/nsa/cuba_mis_cri/press1.htm
               -------------------------------------
For more information, contact: Thomas S. Blanton or Peter Kornbluh 011 537  880 1845
           -------------------------------------
       VETERANS OF CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS  ARRIVE IN HAVANA;
       CUBAN VICE  PRESIDENT GREETS McNAMARA, SORENSEN, KENNEDYS;
       CONFERENCE TO FEATURE NEW CUBAN,  US, SOVIET SECRETS 
 HAVANA, Cuba, 10 October 2002 -  Senior surviving veterans of the Cuban missile crisis arrived today in Havana  for a historic 40th anniversary conference co-organized by the National Security  Archive at George Washington University.  At an airport arrival ceremony,  Cuban vice president Jose Ramon Fernandez greeted former US secretary of defense  Robert McNamara, JFK speechwriter and counsel Theodore Sorensen, JFK aide and  Pulitzer-Prize-winning historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr., Gen. William Y. Smith  (USAF), JFK aide Richard Goodwin, CIA analyst Dino Brugioni, and other US  veterans and scholars.  Also attending the conference as honored observers  are several members of the Kennedy family spanning three generations.  Earlier this week, a distinguished delegation of Russian veterans arrived  in Havana from Moscow, including former deputy foreign minister Georgy  Kornienko, missile deployment planner Gen. Anatoly Gribkov, former defense  minister Dmitry Yazov, and KGB officer Nikolai  Leonov. 
       
This historic conference - titled "La  Crisis de Octubre: una vision politica 40 anos despues" - begins at 10 a.m. on  Friday, October 11, and will feature four panels: (1) from the Bay of Pigs to  the missiles, (2) the missiles and the October crisis, (3) the November crisis  and aftermath, (4) lessons from the  crisis. 
        
At the center of discussions will be  thousands of pages of newly declassified documents - from the Cuban government  itself, from the CIA, the Pentagon and the White House, from the Soviet Foreign  Ministry and the Politburo, and from Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic,  Brazil, Canada, Great Britain, and Mexico - providing for the first time the  Cuban and multi-national perspectives on a crisis previously seen only in  superpower terms. 
     
Archive director Thomas Blanton said,  "The conference room will echo with words that resonate today, such as  'intelligence failure,' 'pre-emptive strike,' and 'weapons of mass  destruction. 
       
On Sunday, October 13, conferees will  visit the last surviving structure from the Soviet deployment in 1962, a nuclear  warhead bunker at the San Cristobal missile site west of  Havana. 
       
On Monday, October 14, participants will  depart Havana.  On this day in 1962, a high-altitude U-2 spy plane took the  first photographs of the Soviet medium-range ballistic missiles in Cuba - at San  Cristobal. 
        
The conference will meet at the Palacio  de Convenciones in Havana, Cuba.  Most participants will be housed at the  Hotel Palco next door.  Phone: 011-53-7-337235.  Fax:  011-53-7-337236. 
        
The conference room itself is closed to  the press, except for the opening ceremony at 10 a.m. on October 11; but the  organizers will hold daily press briefings each afternoon summarizing the  discussion and releasing key documents addressed that day.  The visit to  the missile site is open to the  media. 
       
The National Security Archive  co-organized with Cuban institutions the highly successful 40th anniversary Bay  of Pigs conference last year in Havana; this year, the Archive is also working  with Brown University's Watson Institute. Peter Kornbluh directs the Archive's  Cuba project.
*        *        *        *        *      *        *        *       *        *        *        *
US AND SOVIET  VETERANS ATTENDING THE CONFERENCE
                       -------------------------------------
US VETERANS
       * Robert S.  McNamara US Secretary of Defense (1961- 1968) and member of the ExComm during  the crisis. Later President of the World Bank.
       * Theodore C. Sorensen Counsel to  JFK in 1962, chief speechwriter, and participant in the ExComm. For 11 years was  policy adviser, legal counsel and speechwriter to Senator and President Kennedy.
       * Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. Aide to  JFK in 1962, specializing in Latin America. Later Pulitzer Prize winning  historian of JFK and RFK.
       *  William Y. Smith Air Force Major and aide to General Maxwell Taylor at the White  House and the JCS in 1962. Later chief of staff, SHAPE ; Deputy Commander U.S.  EUCOM; four star general.
       *  Richard Goodwin Special Assistant to JFK and later Deputy Assistant Secretary  for Inter-American affairs at the State Department.
       * Dino A. Brugioni Career CIA  officer in charge of "all-source" intelligence and briefing preparation at the  National Photographic Interpretation Center in 1962.
       * Raymond L. Garthoff Career CIA  and State Department analyst, serving as State's Special Assistant for Soviet  Bloc Politico-Military Affairs in 1962. Later US Ambassador to Bulgaria and  Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution.
       * Captain John Peterson Watch  officer on the USS Beale, the US Navy destroyer that chased and surfaced a  Soviet submarine on October 27, 1962. A career anti-submarine warfare and sonar  specialist, he retired in 1980.
       *  Captain William B. Ecker A US Navy reconnaissance commander, he flew the first  low-level flight confirming the missiles in Cuba on October 23rd, 1962, and many  additional overflights of Cuba.
       *  Wayne Smith U.S. Embassy political officer in Havana from 1958 until the closing  of the Embassy in January 1961. After the Bay of Pigs, assistant to the State  Department's assistant secretary for Latin America, Adolf Berle; later, director  for Cuban affairs in the State Department.
RUSSIAN VETERANS
       * Georgy Markovich Kornienko  Soviet attaché at the USSR Embassy in Washington in 1962. Later head of the US  Desk of the Foreign Ministry and First Deputy Foreign Minister under Gromyko.
       * Anatoly I. Gribkov Head of the  Operations Department of the USSR General Staff in 1962 and a main planner of  Operation Anadyr. Official representative of the Defense Ministry in Cuba (Oct.-  Nov. 1962). Later Chief of Staff, Warsaw Pact.
       * Dmitry Timofeevich Yazov Colonel  and Commander of the special motorized rifle regiment Olgin in Cuba in 1962.  Later Marshal of the Soviet Union and Minister of Defense (1987-1991).
       * Nikolai Sergeevich Leonov Senior  officer of the First Directorate of the KGB. KGB resident in Nicaragua in 1962.  Interpreter for Castro during May 1963 visit to USSR.
       * Leonid Ivanovich Sannikov  Senior Lieutenant and Political Officer of the missile regiment which first  deployed the R-12 in Cuba in 1962.
       * Igor Alexandrovich Amosov Soviet  military attaché in Cuba 1966-71. Currently at the Institute of Military History  (Moscow) and General Secretary for the Russian Commission of Military History.
       * Vadim Orlov Intelligence officer  on Submarine B-59 at the quarantine line during the crisis.
       * Sergo Anastasovich Mikoyan  Executive Secretary to his father, First Deputy Premier Anastas I. Mikoyan on  trip to Cuba after the crisis. Senior Research Fellow, Institute of Latin  America, Academy of Sciences of the Russian Federation and editor of journal on  Latin America.
&&&&&&&&&&&&
Cuba Missile Crisis Draws  'Lessons'
Associated Press - By ANITA SNOW
HAVANA (AP) - American protagonists  during the Cuban missile crisis said Thursday they hoped a reflection on events  40 years ago would help clarify how the world was nearly plunged into nuclear  war.
``How did it happen? How close did we come to nuclear war? Why  didn't nuclear war start? What lessons can be drawn to reduce the risk of  nuclear war?'' Robert McNamara, Defense Secretary under President John F.  Kennedy, said after arriving. ``That's why I'm here.''
Speaking on the  eve of a three-day conference involving key American, Cuban and Russian actors  in the crisis, McNamara said he was stunned at a similar gathering in Havana a  decade ago when he learned how many Soviet missiles had been kept in Cuba.
For decades, former American officials didn't know ``you had 162 nuclear  warheads on your soil ... putting 90 million Americans at risk,'' McNamara said.
``When I asked President (Fidel) Castro what would have happened if we  had attacked, he said: 'We would have disappeared,''' McNamara said.
The  former defense secretary refused to draw parallels between the missile crisis  and President Bush's current calls for a pre-emptive strike on Iraq, saying he  could not second-guess a sitting U.S. leader.
As for the naval  quarantine he personally recommended be placed around the island on Oct. 16,  1962, after the missiles were discovered, McNamara said: ``a quarantine is the  opposite of a pre-emptive action.''
Former Kennedy aides Arthur  Schlesinger Jr., Richard Goodwin and Ted Sorenson are also attending. Also there  is ex-CIA analyst Dino Brugioni, who analyzed the now famous American spy photos  of Soviet missiles in Cuba.
Among Cuban actors in that historic episode  who are expected to participate are 76-year-old Castro, then a young  revolutionary leader in power for just three years. Vice President Jose Ramon  Fernandez, a key organizer of the conference and a military commander at the  time of the crisis, will also attend.
For two days, the men who made  critical decisions during those nerve-racking days will study newly declassified  documents with officials from the National Security Archive in Washington, which  brought much of the historic paperwork to light.
``Together we will make  a new history out of an old history full of conflict that brought the world to  the brink of nuclear war,'' said Thomas Blanton, director of the international  research institute at George Washington University. ``This is a major act of  diplomacy ... it is a display of faith in dialogue.
The conference will  feature meetings in Havana on Friday and Saturday. The group will travel on  Sunday to sites related to the crisis, including a missile silo in the western  province of Pinar del Rio.
The crisis erupted in mid-October 1962 when  Kennedy learned that in Cuba there were Soviet nuclear warheads capable of  reaching American shores just 90 miles to the north. It was defused two weeks  later when Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev agreed to remove the missiles from  the island.
In honor of the late American president, several Kennedy  family members are attending the conference. They include Ethel Kennedy, widow  of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy, the president's brother who was attorney general and  a key player in the crisis.
&&&&&&&&&&&&
Castro Blames  Khrushchev for Crisis
Associated Press - By ANITA  SNOW
HAVANA (AP) - President Fidel Castro said on the eve of the 40th  anniversary of the Cuban missile crisis that Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev  helped create the conflict by misleading President Kennedy - indicating that  there were no nuclear weapons on the communist island.
Castro's comments,  which came in an interview with ABC's ``20/20'' program, coincided with a  conference here bringing together Cubans and Americans who played roles during  the real life Cold War drama. ABC, which will broadcast the interview Friday,  made the transcript public Wednesday.
``He believed what Khrushchev told  him,'' Castro said during the interview, conducted this week in Havana.  ``Therefore, Kennedy was misled. That was a very big mistake on the part of  Khrushchev ... one that we opposed vehemently.''
The crisis began in  mid-October 1962 as Kennedy became convinced that there were Soviet nuclear  warheads on the island just 90 miles south of theFlorida coast. Their discovery  brought the world to the edge of nuclear  conflict.
As President  Bush musters support to oust Saddam Hussein, former members of the Kennedy  administration are heading to the Cuba conference to revisit that earlier  standoff.
Former Defense Secretary Robert McNamara and former special  aide Arthur Schlesinger Jr. are among those expected at the conference, aimed at  showing a lesser known view of the crisis: Cuba's. Castro is also  expected.
In his ABC interview with Barbara Walters, Castro said his  country did not agree to accept the missiles out of fear, and ``we would have  rather not had them in order to preserve the prestige'' of Cuba.
He  also said officials on the communist-run island did not like being considered  ``the Soviet base in the Caribbean.''
Still, Castro indicated respect for  Khrushchev and his support of the Cuban revolution.
``Even though Nikita  was a bold man, he was a courageous man ... and I can make criticisms of him ...  of the mistakes he made. I have reflected a lot on that,'' Castro said. But  misleading Kennedy, the Cuban president said, ``was his main ...  flaw.''
The crisis, marking the Cold War's tensest moments, was defused  when Khrushchev agreed to remove the missiles from Cuba.
Cuban Vice  President Jose Ramon Fernandez, an organizer of the conference, was an army  commander when Castro put 400,000 soldiers in position to repel a possible  invasion of the island.
As Kennedy's words clicked onto the paper rolling  off the teletype machine at military headquarters Oct. 22, 1962, Fernandez knew  the Americans meant business.
``I had the impression that war was  probable,'' recalled the 79-year-old Fernandez, now a vice president in Castro's  government. ``I was also preparing myself to die, all the while hoping that I  would stay alive.''
Kennedy's message to the United States and the world  was direct.
``Within the past week, unmistakable evidence has established  the fact that a series of offensive missiles is now in preparation on that  imprisoned island,'' Kennedy said in his speech to the nation. ``The purpose of  these bases can be none other than to provide a nuclear strike capability  against the Western Hemisphere.''
Earlier that day, about 2,500 relatives  of U.S. forces stationed at Guantanamo Bay were given 15 minutes to pack a bag  each before evacuated to Norfolk, Va.
``I was ordered to destroy papers  and help move ourselves elsewhere because obviously the ministry (of defense)  would be a target,'' Fernandez told The Associated Press this week.
Most  Americans invited to the conference, including McNamara, Schlesinger, former  Kennedy speechwriters Richard Goodwin and Ted Sorensen and ex-CIA analyst Dino  Brugioni, will arrive Thursday.
Also attending are several Kennedy family  members, including Ethel Kennedy, widow of Robert F. Kennedy, the president's  brother who was attorney general and a key player in the crisis.
Along  with the gathering, Cuba will release some formerly classified documents about  the days known here as the Crisis of October.
The nonprofit National  Security Archive at George Washington University will also release newly  declassified American documents about the crisis.
During a similar  conference last year, Cuban organizers worked with the National Security Archive  to release a wealth of U.S. and Cuban documents about the unsuccessful  CIA-backed Bay of Pigs invasion.
The missile crisis conference will  feature seminars on Friday and Saturday. Participants will visit crisis-related  sites, including a former missile silo in the western province of Pinar del  Rio.
Fernandez said he hoped new lessons would emerge for politicians and  military leaders, ``to never again take the world to the brink of nuclear  catastrophe.''
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
Missile Crisis  Cited to Make Opposite Points
New York Times - October 8,  2002 - By CHRISTOPHER MARQUIS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7 — President Bush and one  of his leading Democratic critics, Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts,  both invoked the memory of 1962 Cuban missile crisis tonight to drive home  sharply divergent views of how to handle Iraq.
Mr. Bush contended that  the missile crisis underscored the importance of pre-emptive action against an  enemy, even in the absence of "final proof, the smoking gun."
"As  President Kennedy said in October of 1962: `Neither the United States of America  nor the world community of nations can tolerate deliberate deception and  offensive threats on the part of any nation, large or small. We no longer live  in a world,' he said, `where only the actual firing of weapons represents a  sufficient challenge to a nation's security to constitute maximum peril,' " Mr.  Bush said.
But Senator Kennedy said that President Kennedy, his brother,  had carefully avoided a pre-emptive assault against Cuba, instead imposing a  naval quarantine after the Soviet Union prepared sites there for nuclear  missiles.
A "preventative military action," Senator Kennedy argued, was  ill advised both then and now.
"Might does not make right," Senator  Kennedy said tonight. "America cannot write its own rules for the modern world.  To attempt to do so would be unilateralism run amok."
The Cuban missile  crisis was one of the most harrowing episodes of the cold war. In October 1962,  American spy planes confirmed that the Soviets were constructing sites for  missiles able to reach the United States.
The Soviets denied the presence  of missiles in Cuba. President Kennedy and his staff discussed three options: an  invasion or air strikes, a quarantine, or a settlement through the United  Nations.
In the end, President Kennedy took the middle road, enforcing a  naval blockade on Oct. 22. On Oct. 28, Premier Nikita S. Krushchev of the Soviet  Union backed down, ordering the missile sites dismantled, but only after  securing a secret pledge from Mr. Kennedy that he would not invade Cuba.
