Bay of Pigs, The Aftermath - History of Cuba
1961
INVASION at Bay of Pigs
"Events are the ephemera   of history."
Fernand Braudel
Menu | Intro | The Plan | Invasion | Victory / Defeat | Aftermath | References |
Aftermath
Mass trials were held for the 1,189 men captured, and each was     sentenced to 30 years in prison. After twenty months of negotiation, most were     released in exchange for $53 million in food and medicine. (Two men were held     for 25 years; Ramon Conte and Ricardo Montenero     Duque.)
As a result of the U.S. failure at Bay of Pigs and     the diplomatic embarrassment that ensued, President Kennedy fired long-time CIA     Director Allen W. Dulles, Deputy Director Charles P.     Cabell, and the one principally responsible for the operation, Deputy     Director Richard Bissell. Publicly, Kennedy assumed full     responsibility for the failure, but he secretly blamed the CIA and ordered a     full investigation of the operation. The resulting report, written by CIA     Inspector General Lyman Kirkpatrick, upset the new CIA     director John McCone (who replaced Allen W. Dulles) so much     that all but one of the 20 copies produced were destroyed, and the report     stayed classified until February of 1998.
The controversial Inspector General's report concluded that ignorance,     incompetence, and arrogance on the part of the CIA were responsible for the     fiasco. It criticized nearly every aspect of the CIA's handling of the     invasion: misinforming Kennedy administration officials, planning poorly, using     faulty intelligence and conducting an overt military operation beyond "agency     responsibility as well as agency capability." The report also said that, "The     agency reduced the exile leaders to the status of puppets."
Aside from being at once a major victory for the Cuban     Revolution and a major embarrassment for Kennedy and the CIA, the     attack at the Bay of Pigs set the stage for the major confrontation between the     U.S. and the Soviet Union: the missile crisis that brought the world to the     brink of nuclear war.
In the meantime, perhaps as a result of the Bay of Pigs     embarrassment, Kennedy's obsession with eliminating Castro grew. A plan     code-named "Operation Mongoose" spurred by Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy,     attempted to eliminate Castro by any means necessary.
Bissell writes, "To understand the Kennedy administration's obsession     with Cuba, it is important to understand the Kennedys, especially Robert. From     their perspective, Castro won the first round at the Bay of Pigs. He had     defeated the Kennedy team; they were bitter and they could not tolerate his     getting away with it. The president and his brother were ready to avenge their     personal embarrassment by overthrowing their enemy at any cost. I don't believe     there was any significant policy debate in the executive branch on the     desirability of getting rid of Castro. Robert Kennedy's involvement in     organizing and directing Mongoose became so intense that he might as well have     been deputy director for plans for the operation."
An Army memorandum from March 1, 1962 titled, "Possible Actions to     Provoke, Harass or Disrupt Cuba," outlines a number of ideas, including     Operation Bingo, a plan to fake an attack on the U.S. base at Guantánamo Bay in     Cuba that would provide cover for a devastating military assault on Havana. Operation Dirty Trick, in which Castro would be blamed if the 1962     Mercury manned space flight carrying John Glenn crashed, and Operation Good     Times, involving faked photos of "an obese Castro" with two voluptuous     women in a lavishly furnished room "and a table brimming over with the most     delectable Cuban food." The caption would read, "My ration is different."
President Kennedy approved what became Operation     Mongoose on November 3, 1961. "Scrambling for ways to keep the     pressure on Castro after the Bay of Pigs invasion," wrote Mark J. White in The Kennedys and Cuba: The Declassified Documentary History; "John and     Robert Kennedy came to pin their hopes on Operation Mongoose, the centerpiece     of American policy toward Cuba from late 1961 until the onset of the 1962     missile crisis. Despite the fact that the Bay of Pigs turned out to be a     catastrophe, the similarities between that operation and Mongoose were     striking. Both were meant to be clandestine. (Mongoose actually was; U.S.     involvement in the Bay of Pigs had become public knowledge at the time of the     event.) Both were based on the belief that a potentially large opposition to     Castro's leadership existed in Cuba and could be exploited to America's     advantage. And the ultimate objective of both operations was the overthrow of     Castro. What mongoose came to be, in practice, was an attempt to harass the     Cuban government, through such means as economic sabotage, and to plan for the     use of direct American military force in the event an anti-Castro uprising in     Cuba could be triggered."
According to U.S. News & World Report (10/26/98) an     estimated 10,000 pages of previously secret documents have been quietly     declassified, revealing other CIA plots such as hiring Mafia hit men and     devising a poisoned scuba suit as a gift for Castro. There is talk in many of     the newly released CIA documents of a "Remember the Maine incident" that would     facilitate military intervention.
-end-
