The Cold War- Ike to JFK — Presentation Transcript
A PEOPLE and A NATION Chapter 28, 29, and 31: The Cold War
McCarthyism
Domestic hunt for communists has long history before McCarthy (Red Scare of 1919–20)
Soviet espionage exists, but Truman and Eisenhower largely overreact with loyalty probes as well as alarmist rhetoric on Cold War competition
In 1947, Truman starts discharging “security risks;” for most,  no  evidence of disloyalty
Truman and other politicians red-bait opponents
McCarthyism (cont.)
Growing hysteria weakens labor unions; dissenting writers/teachers lose jobs
Nixon and HUAC lead efforts against Alger Hiss- who was almost certainly a spy
McCarthy uses guilt by association as well as lies to become most successful red-baiter
McCarthy is a demagogue (exploits domestic fears of Cold War, especially with Korean War)
Internal Security Act (1950) essentially bans CPUSA- Passed over Truman’s veto
Army-McCarthy Hearings, 1954
Eisenhower expands dismissal of alleged security risks; wants to, but refuses to curtail McCarthy
McCarthy goes too far when accuses Army of communism on TV; Senate censors him
McCarthyism claims many innocent victims
Prevents free discussion of ideas/dissent
Fear helps maintain Cold War consensus
Eisenhower-Dulles Containment Policies
Oppose communism abroad (call for liberation) and at home
Massive retaliation: US threatens to use nuclear weapons on USSR if any aggression
New Look stresses air power and nuclear weapons as cost-effective containment
Brinkmanship: willing to take USA to brink of war
Domino theory means US has to support allies
CIA; US Information Agency; Hydrogen Bomb
Eisenhower increases use of CIA for containment, especially covert operations with plausible deniability
USIA (1953) tries to undermine USSR with radio broadcasts to E. Europe and USSR
US gains H-Bomb (1952); in 1954, H-Bomb destroys Bikini and fallout causes illness
USSR gets H-Bomb (1953), then ICBM (1957)
US still way ahead in nuclear weapons
Eisenhower on Nuclear Arms; Hungary, 1956
Eisenhower worries about destruction of nuclear war as well as high cost of nuclear weapons
Eisenhower and Khrushchev are unable to agree on test bans/arms control (meet in 1955 and 1959)
Hungary tests Khrushchev’s toleration by trying to leave Warsaw Pact
USSR crushes Hungarian uprising; Eisenhower is  not  able to help rebels without risking world war
Sputnik, 1957 The Russians have beaten America in space—they have the technological edge!
U-2 Incident; Jinmen-Mazu; “Japanese Miracle”
Eisenhower threatens nuclear bombs if PRC does  not  retreat in crisis on Jiang’s commando bases
PRC retreats (1954–55, 1958); US puts nuclear weapons on Taiwan (1957); PRC develops bomb (1964)
Japan’s economic success and US’s reliance on nuclear arms creates tensions in alliance
U-2 Spy Plane Incident Col. Francis Gary Powers’ plane was shot down over Soviet airspace. US spying destroys Paris Summit (1960); arms race/spying continues (satellites)
US Interests in the Third World
Rapid decolonization (post-WWII) creates many new nations (125 from 1943–94)
Most are nonwhite, non-industrial, and in south
US and Soviet Union compete in Third World for markets, raw materials, investment sites, bases, UN votes, and allies in Cold War
US intervenes (military and otherwise) to impress USSR and to counter nationalism
American Images of Third World Peoples
US uses aid, propaganda, help to native elites/ dictators, arms sales, and covert operations
Many Third World nations want nonalignment
Eisenhower and Dulles reject neutralism and intervene to contain it; argue that Third World must ally with US in Cold War and adopt US models
US leaders view Third World through race-, age-, and gender-based stereotypes
US Handicaps with Third World
US is hurt by domestic segregation (Indian ambassador, 1955) and racial tension (Little Rock, 1957)
US is hostile to revolutions in 1900s because they threaten US trade, investments, bases, allies
US sides with European allies, native elites
US opposes anti-capitalist radicalism; tries to undercut it with development projects
Foreigners both envy and resent US affluence
US Interventions in Latin America (1950s)
CIA topples leftist Arbenz (Guatemala, 1954) after he interferes with United Fruit; result is civil war and rampant anti-Americanism
Eisenhower misinterprets Cuba’s Revolution (1959):  misses nationalism, popular anger with Batista
US actions (economic, assassination, exile  invasion) push Castro closer to USSR
US business in Puerto Rico does  not  end poverty
US Interventions in Middle East (1950s)
CIA helps topple Iranian government (1953); puts shah in power; US gains oil concessions
Nasser (Egypt) leads Arab nationalism (end remains of European imperialism)
After Suez Crisis (1956), US promotes corrupt Saud (Saudi Arabia) as “Arab rival”
Eisenhower Doctrine (1957) is the rationale for military intervention in Lebanon (1958)
US Intervention in Vietnam (1950s)
By 1954, France is losing war with Vietminh
Eisenhower does  not  intervene at Dien bien phu (air strike)  because British and Congress resist
France grants independence at Geneva (1954); Ho accepts temporary division at 17th
US prevents 1956 reunification elections; backs repressive Diem to lead S. Vietnam
Civil war develops with formation of NLF/VC
Cold War, Vietnam, & Third World, 1961–1989
Kennedy and Johnson expand Cold War and deepen intervention in Vietnam and Third World
Build on actions of Truman and Eisenhower (arms race)
From Kennedy to Reagan, US acts to win Cold War and defuse revolutionary nationalism
US maintains supremacy, but at great cost
Vietnam is key defeat (weakens US consensus); world changes (less bipolar)
Slowly US/USSR relax Cold War by ‘89
JFK (1961-63) & New Frontier
His vitality and style capture imagination of many; puts “Best and Brightest” in key posts
Wants to enact domestic reform, but Reps and conservative Dems stall it in Congress
To appease southern Dems, JFK backs away from supporting civil rights
Much of his short time in office is focused on foreign affairs- Cold War issues.
Military Spending
In 1961, US spends $98 billion on weapons and research; spurs electronics and computers
Kennedy’s Nation Building
An ardent Cold Warrior, Kennedy vows to win in missiles, arms, space, and Third World
Alliance for Progress and Peace Corps (1961) try to build pro-US nations in Third World
Kennedy also advocates counterinsurgency (Green Berets) to defeat revolutionaries
Few successes; aid goes through native elite
Many countries resent attempts to impose US models
Kennedy’s Military Expansion
Although missile gap favors US, Kennedy enlarges military under flexible response
Arms race accelerates as Kennedy increases nuclear weapons by 150% by 1964
More CIA operations: assassination plots (Congo, 1960–61) and undermine elections (Brazil, 1964)
Kennedy rejects negotiations on Berlin, but accepts wall (1961) as way to avoid war
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
Two days after becoming Pres., JFK urged by CIA to move against Cuba.
Urgency based on belief that Castro intended to export Communism to rest of Lat. Am.
Plan began w/ Eisenhower Admin.
Overthrow Castro by secretly supporting an invasion of exiles and establishing a provisional govt.
Kennedy continues Eisenhower’s plan for exile invasion; tries to hide US role
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
JFK and others not comfortable w/ the plan, but afraid to oppose
If JFK stopped the plan, and disarmed the exiles the CIA was training, word would leak out and JFK would be betrayed as soft on Cuba.  “Appeasement.”  “Eisenhower made the decision and you dropped the ball.”
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
JFK realized that invasion could be an international disaster
No way to keep people from knowing US was behind it.
First foreign policy action would be aggressive- create ill will in the world.
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
CIA gave assurances that the invasion would work, could be accomplished w/ small invasion force (1,200-1,500 men), and would not require overt US intervention.
“ Ultimate success will depend on the extent to which the initial assault serves as a catalyst [for an uprising of anti-Castro forces inside Cuba].  “[P]lan was dependent on a general uprising in Cuba, and the entire operation would fail without such an uprising.”
This is a crucial assumption by the CIA.
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
JFK repeatedly told Joint Chiefs and CIA that “US strike forces would not be allowed to participate in or support the invasion in any way.”
Planners didn’t believe him.  They felt certain JFK would commit troops to the invasion if it was in danger of failing.  This heightened their willingness to take risks.
CIA Chief Dulles key in selling the plan to JFK- invoke Eisenhower.
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
Secrecy of the plan was blown- US newspapers were all over the training of Cuban exiles.
Castro new something was coming, he just didn’t know when.
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
Invasion began on April 15 (Saturday), and quickly falters;
Many problems (including terrible logistics by CIA and US military),  but key is that Cubans do  not  rise up in support of the invading exiles.
Original air strikes fail to damage Cuban air forces.  This leaves exiles very vulnerable.
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
By Tuesday, failure is evident.
CIA illusions about 1,400 exiles taking on Castro’s army, about an internal uprising, and about the ability of the exiles to either establish a beach head or get to the mountains doomed the exercise.
CIA pressured JFK to use airstrikes from US carrier.  JFK stuck to his word that he would not do so.
Invasion collapsed.
Bay of Pigs Invasion (1961)
Impossible to hide US role;
JFK accepts responsibility- his popularity rises.
Castro moves closer to USSR; Kennedy vows to topple him
CIA’s Operation Mongoose (more sabotage, assassination); Joint Chiefs of Staff plans for invasion
Bay of Pigs, 1961
Cuban Missile Crisis  (Oct. 1962)
To preserve Cuban independence, Castro wants Soviet help to deter another US invasion
US actions against Cuba give Khrushchev an excuse to put nuclear missiles in Cuba
Cuban Missile Crisis
Khruschev decided to turn Cuba into a missile base.  Decided to deploy 24 medium range ballistic missiles (MRBMs) and 16 intermediate range ballistic missiles (IRBMs).
MRBM range:  approx 1,050 miles
IRBM range:  approx 2,100 miles
This would double the number of Soviet missiles that could reach the continental US.
Cuban Missile Crisis
USSR’s perceived benefits of missiles in Cuba
Deter US attack
Tie Cuba closer to Soviet sphere of influence
Gain leverage over US regarding Berlin and other trouble spots
Equalize US/USSR balance of power
Cuban Missile Crisis
Khruschev wanted to keep the deployment secret until after the next US election- then he would announce them when in place at a UN meeting.
Khruschev believed that the US wouldn’t suspect that the USSR would put nuclear missiles outside it’s territory.
Cuban Missile Crisis
In general Khruschev’s belief was true- US did not suspect nuclear missiles would be placed outside USSR.
JFK was concerned, however, that it was possible that the USSR would put missiles in Cuba if they thought they could get away w/ it.  He warned Khruschev- ‘offensive weapons’ and ‘ground to ground missiles’ would raise the ‘gravest issues.’
Cuban Missile Crisis
Oct. 1- Def. Sec. McNamara received news of ‘eyewitness’ accounts of missiles being put in Cuba.
JFK advisors call for U-2 spy plane over flights of Cuba to confirm.
Cuban Missile Crisis
October 14, U-2 flight lasted 6 min. and produced 928 photos. Got the evidence:
4 MRBM sites under construction
2 IRBM sites
21 bombers capable of carrying nuclear bombs
Apparently crated missiles
Cuban Missile Crisis
Photos developed and enlarged on Oct. 15.
On morning of Oct. 16 Sec. of St. Bundy took them to JFK in his bedroom at 8:45.
JFK to Bobby on the phone:  “We’ve got some big trouble.  I want you over here.”
Cuba- 90 Miles Away
Navy F-8 Crusader Air Force RF-101 Low Flying Spy Planes
What Kennedy Saw Missiles being delivered
What Kennedy Saw
What Kennedy Saw MRBM Launch Site
Military Encampment and Convoy What Kennedy Saw
MRBM Sites What Kennedy Saw
CIA MRBM Ref. Photo What Kennedy Saw
What Kennedy Saw MRBM Sites
What Kennedy Saw CIA IRBM Ref. Photo
What Kennedy Saw IRBM Site
What Kennedy Saw SAM Sites
What Kennedy Saw
