by Don Fulsom
 
Seared into the memories of all Americans who lived  through the assassination of President John F. Kennedy is exactly where they  were on November 22, 1963. Yet private citizen Richard Nixon, who — believe it  or not — was in Dallas, could not recall this fact in a post-assassination  interview with the FBI.
The interview dealt with an apparently false claim by  Marina Oswald that her husband —alleged Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald — had  targeted Nixon for death during an earlier trip to Dallas. A Feb. 28, 1964 FBI  report on the interview said Nixon "advised that the only time he was in Dallas,  Texas, during 1963 was two days prior to the assassination of President John F.  Kennedy."
While Nixon eventually came clean regarding his  whereabouts on that fateful day, he seemed touchy whenever the matter was  raised. For example, in a 1992 interview with CNN's Larry King, Nixon  interjected he was in Dallas "In the morning!" when King cited the presumed  geographical coincidence. Nixon left Dallas on a flight to New York several  hours before Kennedy's noontime arrival at Love Field.
Not only did Nixon misremember where he was on November 22nd,  he made at least two conflicting statements about how he first learned his  archrival had been shot. In a 1964 Reader's Digest article, he recalled  hailing a cab after his Dallas-New York flight: "We were waiting for a light to  change when a man ran over from the street corner and said that  the President had just been shot in Dallas." In November of 1973, however, Nixon  said in Esquire that his cabbie "missed a turn somewhere and we were off  the highway...a woman came out of her house screaming and crying.  I rolled down the cab window to ask what the matter was and when she saw my face  she turned even paler. She told me that John Kennedy had just been shot in  Dallas."
In yet another curious twist, a November 22nd  wire service photo of Nixon indicates he might even have learned of the shooting before his cab ride. In the photo, a glum-looking Nixon, hat in lap, is  sitting in what appears to be an airline terminal. The caption on the United  Press International photo reads: "Shocked Richard Nixon, the former vice  president who lost the presidential election to President Kennedy in 1960, is  shown Friday after he arrived at Idlewild Airport in New York following a flight  from Dallas, Tex., where he had been on a business trip."
In the 1992 King interview, Nixon maintained he'd never  had any interest in digging into the JFK assassination: "I don't see a useful  purpose in getting into that and I don't think it's frankly useful for the  Kennedy family to constantly raise that up again."
Nixon's professed disinterest doesn't ring true, however,  for it came from one of our snoopiest chief executives — a politician who just  relished investigations, spying, secrets, and conspiracies. As Nixon aide John  Ehrlichman once observed: "He was a conspiracy buff. He liked intrigue, and he  liked secret maneuverings of the FBI, and he liked to hear about what the CIA  did, and so on. He just couldn't leave that stuff alone."
As for Nixon's stated compassion for the Kennedys, let's  not forget that he deeply despised them. So much so that, as president, he  ordered chief White House spy E. Howard Hunt to forge diplomatic cables to make  it look like President Kennedy ordered the murder of South Vietnamese leader Ngo  Dinh Diem. He sent another spy, Anthony Ulasewicz, to Chappaquiddick, Mass., to  investigate the 1969 crash of a car driven by Edward Kennedy that killed the  senator's female companion. He placed Sen. Kennedy under a 24-hour-a-day Secret  Service surveillance in an effort, in Nixon's phrase, "to catch him in the sack  with one of his babes." And Nixon pressed aides to plant a false story in the  press linking Sen. Kennedy to the 1972 assassination attempt against Alabama  Gov. George Wallace.
What did Nixon do in Dallas? He arrived on Nov. 20 to  attend a board meeting of the Pepsi Cola Company, one of his law clients. Dallas  reporter Jim Marrs says Nixon and actress Joan Crawford, a Pepsi heiress, "made  comments to the effect that they, unlike the president, didn't need Secret  Service protection, and they intimated the nation was upset with Kennedy's  policies. It has been suggested that this taunting may have been responsible for  Kennedy's critical decision not to order the Plexiglas top placed on his  limousine on Nov. 22."
When adviser Stephen Hess saw Nixon that same afternoon at  the former vice president's New York apartment, he said Nixon was "pretty shook  up." Hess later portrayed his boss to political reporter Jules Witcover as  unusually defensive about his pre-assassination comments in Dallas: "He had the  morning paper, which he made a great effort to show me, reporting he had held a  press conference in Dallas and made a statement that you can disagree with a  person without being discourteous to him or interfering with him. He tried to  make the point that he had tried to prevent it … It was his way of saying,  ‘Look, I didn't fuel this thing.'"
What Nixon apparently failed to tell Hess was that the  major story from his meeting with reporters in Dallas was certain to fuel the  anger of some Texans toward Kennedy. The headline in the Dallas Morning News on November 22 said: "Nixon Predicts JFK May Drop Johnson." Vice President  Lyndon Johnson was, of course, a Texan.
On the morning after the assassination, Nixon convened a  meeting of Republican leaders at his New York apartment. Those assembled were  "already assessing how this event would affect or recreate the possibilities of  Nixon running for president," according to Hess.
Boasting that he was the mastermind of a Mob/CIA plot to  kill President Kennedy, Chicago godfather Sam Giancana told relatives he was in  Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963 to supervise that plot. Giancana claimed that both  "Richard Nixon and Lyndon Johnson knew about the whole damn thing"— adding that  he had met with both future presidents in Dallas "immediately prior to the  assassination."
Giancana's half-bother Chuck and nephew Sam claimed in  their 1992 book Double Cross that the Mafia don had a long, warm, and  mutually rewarding relationship with Nixon that dated back to the 1940s. In  those times, Giancana was helping Chicago Syndicate boss Anthony Accardo  consolidate the city's rackets and gambling operations, and Nixon was a freshman  congressman from California. In recounting for his relatives a big favor the  congressman did for Giancana back then, the gangster established a direct link  between Nixon and a Chicago hoodlum who later moved to Texas and went on to  shoot Lee Harvey Oswald: "Nixon's done me some favors, all right, got us some  highway contracts, worked with the unions and overseas. And we've helped him and  his CIA buddies out, too. Shit, he even helped my guy in Texas, (Jack) Ruby, get  out of testifying in front of Congress back in forty-seven … By sayin' Ruby  worked for him."
A 1947 memo, found in 1975 by a scholar going through a  pile of recently released FBI documents, supports Giancana's contention. In the  memo, addressed to a congressional committee investigating organized crime, an  FBI assistant states: "It is my sworn testimony that one Jack Rubenstein of  Chicago ... is performing information functions for the staff of Congressman  Richard Nixon, Republican of California. It is requested Rubenstein not be  called for open testimony in the aforementioned hearings." (Later in 1947,  Rubenstein moved to Dallas and shortened his last name.) The FBI subsequently  called the memo a fake, but the reference service Facts on File considers it  authentic.
Undercover work for the young Congressman Nixon would have  been in keeping with Ruby's history as a police tipster and government  informant. In 1950, Ruby gave closed-door testimony to Estes Kefauver's special  Senate committee investigating organized crime. Committee staffer Luis Kutner  later described Ruby as "a syndicate lieutenant who had been sent to Dallas to  serve as a liaison for Chicago mobsters." In exchange for Ruby's testimony, the  FBI is said to have eased up on its probe of organized crime in Dallas. In 1959,  Ruby became an informant for the FBI.
Ruby's old Chicago boss, Giancana, was murdered in his  home in Oak Park, Ill., in 1975 — shortly before he was to have appeared before  a Senate committee investigating assassinations. Seven .22-caliber bullets were  blasted into his mouth and neck, Mob symbolism for "talks too much."
Giancana had never been adept at keeping secrets. When  Mob/CIA hit teams were planning to assassinate Cuban leader Fidel Castro in 1960  — an operation reportedly overseen by Vice President Richard Nixon—Giancana's  loose lips allowed FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover to discover the plans.
Lee Harvey Oswald was at his Dallas job as an order-filler  at the Texas School Book Depository on Nov. 22. Shortly after shots rang out in  Dealey Plaza, Oswald fled the crime scene. Later that afternoon, a policeman  trying to arrest Oswald was shot to death. After a struggle with the armed  Oswald in a movie theater, police apprehended him and charged him with the  murders of both President Kennedy and the policeman.
In 1964, a presidential commission headed by Chief Justice  Earl Warren concluded that Oswald — firing a rifle from a sniper's nest on the  sixth floor of the depository — was Kennedy's sole assassin. The commission  portrayed Oswald as a ''discontented'' loner whose "avowed commitment to Marxism  and Communism" might have contributed to his deed. But the Warren Commission had  not looked carefully at the alleged assassin's ties to the Syndicate. In New  Orleans — where Oswald spent significant portions of his life — Oswald's uncle  and substitute father was Charles "Dutz" Murret, an important bookie in  godfather Carlos Marcello's gambling apparatus. Oswald's mother, Marguerite,  dated members of Marcello's gang. Oswald friend David Ferrie worked for  Marcello; had alleged ties to the CIA; and, in 1967, was named by New Orleans  District Attorney Jim Garrison as a key JFK assassination plotter.
The exact route of the presidential motorcade was  announced far in advance of the event — a practice the Secret Service  halted in the wake of the JFK assassination.
Just two days before President Kennedy's murder,  suspicious activity caught the eyes of two Dallas policemen on routine  patrol in Dealey Plaza. The officers observed several men with rifles  standing behind the picket fence on the plaza's grassy knoll. The riflemen  were participating in mock target practice —aiming their guns over the fence  in the direction of the street.  By the time the patrolmen reached the area,  however, the unidentified men had vanished.
Realizing the significance of this information in the  immediate aftermath of the assassination, Dallas police forwarded it to the FBI.   But an FBI report on the incident, dated Nov. 26 1963, apparently was not turned  over to the Warren Commission.  This report — clearly pointing to a conspiracy — was  finally made public in 1978 in response to a Freedom of Information request.
In 1979, a House committee differed with the commission's  finding that Oswald acted alone. After a two-year study, the panel indicated  there were at least two shooters, declared that Kennedy "was probably  assassinated as a result of a conspiracy," and it fingered the Mafia as having  the "motive, means, and opportunity." Two top committee staffers — Robert Blakey  and Richard Billings — later wrote of their conviction that "Oswald was acting  in behalf of members of the Mob, who wanted relief from the pressure of the  Kennedy administration's war on crime led by Attorney General Robert F.  Kennedy."
The two investigators flatly asserted that the president  of the Mob-dominated Teamsters union, Jimmy Hoffa — along with Mob bosses Carlos  Marcello, Santos Trafficante and Sam Giancana — planned and carried out the  president's slaying. They said both Oswald and Ruby were Mafia-connected, and  that Ruby silenced Oswald on orders from the Mob. In a recent book, former Mafia  consigliere Bill Bonanno — the son of legendary New York godfather Joe Bonanno —  also maintains that Hoffa, Marcello, Trafficante, and Giancana were involved in  the JFK assassination.
In 2001, a scientific study supported the conclusion first  propounded by the House committee in 1979: that sounds heard on police  recordings from Dealey Plaza are consistent with a shot being fired from the  famed grassy knoll — bolstering the panel's finding that Kennedy's murder  probably resulted from a plot.
Jack Ruby was a busy man in Dallas on Nov. 22. Only hours  before Kennedy's arrival, the debt-ridden striptease club operator met with  Mafia paymaster Paul Jones. Shortly after Kennedy was shot, Ruby showed up at  Parkland Hospital, where the president had been taken — though he later denied  being there at that critical time. Minutes after Kennedy was pronounced dead,  Ruby phoned Alex Gruber — an associate of one of Jimmy Hoffa's top officials,  and a man with known connections to hoodlums who worked for racketeer Mickey  Cohen. Ruby and Gruber had met 10 days earlier in Dallas. When he was arrested  for killing Oswald two days later, Ruby had $2,000 on his person and authorities  found $10,000 in his apartment.
On the evening of the 22nd, Ruby was hanging  around on the same floor of the police station where Oswald was being  questioned. He even attended the midnight police station press conference at  which Oswald was trotted out briefly for the world to see. Ruby corrected the  district attorney when he told reporters that Oswald belonged to the Free Cuba  Committee, an anti-Castro outfit. Ruby pointed out that the D.A. had meant Fair  Play for Cuba, a pro-Castro group.
Like Oswald, Ruby could well have been under the control  of the Mob, especially of Marcello — whose territory extended to Dallas, and  whose take from underworld activities in Louisiana alone at the time was put at  $1 billion-a-year. Ruby had lifelong connections to the Mafia and was involved  in slot machines and bookmaking operations under Marcello's command. In 1959,  Ruby reportedly visited Mob boss Santos Trafficante in a Cuban prison. After  Oswald's murder, Ruby's brother approached one of Jimmy Hoffa's lawyers to  represent Ruby.
More than a dozen people claim to have seen Ruby and  Oswald together during the four months prior to the Kennedy assassination. In  1994, Dallas reporters Ray and Mary La Fontaine claimed that, shortly after  Oswald's arrest on Nov. 22, he told a cellmate that he and Ruby attended a  meeting in a local hotel just days earlier.
CIA agent E. Howard Hunt — Richard Nixon's top confederate  in past and future undercover operations — may also have been in Dallas the day  President Kennedy was killed. During a 1985 trial in Miami, CIA operative Morita  Lorenz testified that, on Nov. 21, at a Dallas motel, she saw Hunt pay money to  another agency operative — Hunt pal and future Watergate burglar Frank Sturgis.  She maintained that, shortly after Hunt left, Jack Ruby showed up. Lorenz  returned to her home in Miami that same night, but said Sturgis later told her  what she had missed in Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963: "We killed the president that  day."
The testimony came in a suit brought by Hunt against the  right-wing newsletter Spotlight for printing a 1978 article titled, "CIA  to Admit Hunt Involvement in Kennedy Slaying." The jury ruled in favor of the  newsletter.
At one time, Lorenz was Fidel Castro's girlfriend. In  1959, Hunt and Sturgis had recruited her into the CIA with the goal of killing  the Cuban leader. At the trial, Lorenz identified Hunt as Sturgis's CIA  paymaster. She said that, on Nov. 21, Hunt gave Sturgis an envelope of cash at  the Dallas motel after she and Sturgis arrived there to take part in what she  was told was a "confidential" operation.
In a deposition for the Miami trial, a reporter testified  he had once seen an internal CIA memo, dated 1966, which said: "Some day we will  have to explain Hunt's presence in Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963." That reporter —  Joseph Trento — had co-authored a 1978 article for the Wilmington News  Journal headlined: "Was Hunt in Dallas the Day JFK Died?" His piece  contained speculation by "some CIA sources" that "Hunt thought he was assigned  by higher-ups to arrange the murder of Lee Harvey Oswald."
In 1975, a JFK assassination researcher in Texas received  from an anonymous source a copy of a brief handwritten Nov. 8, 1963 note to a  "Mr. Hunt" purportedly from Oswald. The writer asked for "information concerding  [sic] my position. I am asking only for information. I am asking that we discuss  the matter fully before any steps are taken by me or anyone else." Three  handwriting experts found that the writing was that of Oswald. "Concerning" was  also misspelled in a letter Oswald was known to have written in 1961.
That the note was meant for E. Howard Hunt makes sense.  Oswald and Hunt once worked out of the same office building in New Orleans. On  behalf of the CIA, Hunt had set up a dummy organization called "The Cuban  Revolutionary Council" at 544 Camp Street — the same address Oswald put on  pro-Castro leaflets he handed out. The same building also housed the detective  agency of former FBI agent Guy Banister — who was associated with the CIA, the  Mafia, Cuban exile leaders, and suspected JFK assassination plotter David Ferrie.
Ex-CIA agent Victor Marchetti has linked Hunt and Sturgis  with Ferrie. Sturgis has claimed: that he knew Oswald; that documents existed at  the CIA detailing the role of Ruby in the Kennedy killing; and that Oswald and  Ruby once met in a hotel in New Orleans.
Though he was not in Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963, Jimmy Hoffa  played an important role in President Kennedy's murder, according to longtime  Hoffa and Mob lawyer Frank Ragano, who detailed Hoffa's alleged involvement in  1994. Ragano said he carried a message from the Teamster's boss to a July 24,  1963 meeting with Marcello and Trafficante in New Orleans. The message: Hoffa  "wants you to do a little favor for him. You won't believe this, but he wants  you to kill John Kennedy. He wants you to get rid of the president right away."
Ragano said the facial expressions of the two Mob bosses  "were icy. Their reticence was a signal that this was an uncomfortable subject,  one they were unwilling to discuss." But Ragano said Trafficante, on his  deathbed in 1987, confessed that he and Marcello did, indeed, follow through on  Hoffa's "favor." Ragano quoted the ailing Mob chief as saying: "Who would have  thought that someday he would be president and he would name his goddam brother  attorney general? Goddam Bobby. I think Carlos fucked up in getting rid of  Giovanni (John in Italian) — maybe it should have been Bobby."
Jimmy Hoffa hated John and Robert Kennedy as much as  Richard Nixon did. Robert Kennedy had been trying to put Hoffa in jail since  1956, when he was staff counsel for a Senate probe into the Mob's influence on  the labor movement. In 1960, Robert Kennedy said, "No group better fits the  prototype of the old Al Capone syndicate than Jimmy Hoffa and some of his  lieutenants."
In the 1960 presidential election, Hoffa and his two  million-member union backed Vice President Nixon against Sen. John Kennedy.  Edward Partin, a Louisiana Teamster official and later government informant,  eventually revealed that Hoffa met with Marcello to secretly fund the Nixon  campaign — saying, "I was right there, listening to the conversation. Marcello  had a suitcase filled with $500,000 cash which was going to Nixon ... (Another  half-million dollar contribution) was coming from Mob boys in New Jersey and  Florida." The Hoffa-Marcello meeting took place in New Orleans on Sept. 26,  1960, and has been verified by William Sullivan, a former top FBI official.
Nixon lost the 1960 election, and Hoffa — thanks to  Attorney General Robert Kennedy — soon wound up in prison for jury tampering and  looting the union's pension funds of almost $2 million. But the Nixon-Hoffa  connection was strong enough to last at least until Dec. 23, 1971—when, as  president, Nixon gave Hoffa an executive grant of clemency, allowing Hoffa to  serve just five years of a 13-year prison term.
Nixon apparently sprung Hoffa in exchange for a big  underworld payoff.
A recently released FBI memo backs up an earlier claim by  an FBI informant that James P. ("Junior") Hoffa — current head of the Teamsters  — and racketeer Allen Dorfman delivered $300,000 in a black valise to a Nixon  bagman at a Washington hotel to secure the elder Hoffa's release from the pen.
Breaking from clemency custom, Nixon did not consult the  judge who had sentenced Hoffa. Nor did he pay any mind to the U.S. Parole Board  — which had been warned by the Justice Department that Hoffa was Mob-connected.  At the time, The New York Times called the clemency a "pivotal element in  the strange love affair between the (Nixon) administration and the  two-million-member truck union…" Former Mafia bigwig Joe Bonanno recently  described Nixon's clemency for Hoffa as "a gesture — if ever there was one, of  the national power (the Mob) once enjoyed."
President Nixon did put one restriction on Hoffa's  freedom: He could never again, directly or indirectly, manage any union. The  restriction — a favor to Hoffa's successor, Frank Fitzsimmons — was reputedly  bought by a $500,000 contribution to the Nixon campaign by New Jersey Teamster  leader Anthony Provenzano.
In July 1975, Hoffa vanished in a Detroit suburb and his  body has never been found. Many federal and local investigators believe he was  shot to death after being lured to a meeting with Provenzano. They speculate  that Hoffa's body was taken away by truck, stuffed into a fifty-gallon drum —  then crushed and smelted.
Newly released FBI documents show that, in 1978, federal  investigators sought to force Nixon and Fitzsimmons to testify about events  surrounding Hoffa's disappearance. The investigators had concluded that such  testimony offered the last, best chance of solving the Hoffa mystery. But they  accused top Justice Department officials of derailing their efforts to call the  ex-president and the Teamster boss before a Detroit grand jury.
The records also reveal that FBI agents suspected the  Nixon White House of soliciting $1 million from the Teamsters to pay hush money  to the Watergate burglars. In fact, in early 1973 — when the Watergate cover-up was coming apart at the  seams — aide John Dean told the president that $1 million might be needed to  keep the burglary team silent. Nixon responded, "We could get that … you could  get a million dollars. You could get it in cash, I know where it could be  gotten." When Dean observed that money laundering "is the type of thing Mafia  people can do," Nixon calmly answered: "Maybe it takes a gang to do that."
In August 1974, Nixon became the first president forced to  quit the office. He did so as Congress prepared to impeach and expel him for a  wide range of illegal activities and abuses of constitutional power he directed  or concealed during the Watergate scandal. Forty Nixon administration officials  were indicted or jailed. The president was named by a grand jury as an  unindicted co-conspirator. In what smacked of a sweetheart deal, one month after  he stepped down, Nixon's handpicked successor — President Gerald Ford — granted  him a complete pardon for all the presidential crimes he might have committed.
After spending more than a year brooding in self-exile at  his walled estate in San Clemente, Calif., the very first post-resignation  invitation Nixon accepted was from his Teamsters buddies. On Oct. 9, 1975, he  played golf at a Mob-owned California resort with Fitzsimmons and other top  Teamsters. Among those who attended a post-golf game party for Nixon were  Anthony Provenzano, Allen Dorfman, and the union's executive secretary, Murray  ("Dusty") Miller.
A convicted Mafia killer, Provenzano went on to become a  prime suspect in Hoffa's disappearance. In the two months before President  Kennedy's assassination, Jack Ruby was in telephone contact with Murray Miller,  and with Barney Baker — who was once described by Robert Kennedy as "Hoffa's  ambassador of violence." Ruby was also in touch with key figures from the  Marcello, Trafficante, and Giancana crime families.
Documents that came to light in 2007 show that, shortly  after the president's murder, Atty. Gen. Robert Kennedy's right-hand man Walter  Sheridan – dispatched by RFK on a secret investigative mission to Dallas –  quickly reported back that Jimmy Hoffa associate Allen Dorfman had paid off Jack  Ruby in Chicago. A witness to that payoff – reportedly of $7,000 in 100 dollar  bills stuffed into a manila envelope – says it occurred on the weekend of Oct.  27th 1963.
James P. "Junior" Hoffa has said, "I think my dad knew  Jack Ruby, but from what I understand, he (Ruby) was the kind of guy everybody  knew. So what?" JFK assassination authority Anthony Summers reasons, however,  that — given Hoffa's record of threats against the lives of both John and Robert  Kennedy — "the potential significance of such a connection is immense."
Mob experts connect Richard Nixon to Carlos Marcello — and  to Jimmy Hoffa — through Nixon's earliest campaign manager and longest-serving  adviser, Murray Chotiner. And they tie Nixon to Santos Trafficante through  Nixon's best friend, Florida banker Bebe Rebozo. Mickey Cohen — one of the most  notorious mobsters in Los Angeles — admitted rounding up underworld money for  two early Nixon campaigns.
Charles Colson — Nixon's presidential emissary to the  Teamsters — once raised the theory that Mafia bosses "owned" Rebozo and had  gotten "their hooks into Nixon early." By the 1960s, FBI agents keeping tabs on  the Mob had identified Rebozo as a "non-member associate of organized crime  figures," it is now known. An off-the-books military probe conducted in the  waning days of the Nixon presidency found "strong indications of a history of  Nixon connections with money from organized crime," the chief investigator later  revealed.
In an unpublicized presidential move, Nixon ordered the  Justice Department to stop using the words "Mafia" and "Cosa Nostra" to describe  the multi-billion dollar national crime syndicate. The president was roundly  applauded when he boasted about his order at a private 1971 Oval Office meeting  with some 40 members of the Supreme Council of the Sons of Italy. The group's  Supreme Venerable, Americo Cortese, thanked Nixon for his moral leadership —  declaring, "You are our terrestrial god."
The Nixon administration intervened on the side of Mafia  figures in at least 20 trials. And it denied an FBI request to continue an  electronic surveillance operation that was starting to penetrate Mob/Teamsters  connections.
During the Nixon years, pressure from Washington eased off  on Sam Giancana. And long-standing deportation proceedings against CIA-connected  mobster Johnny Roselli were dropped. Without going into specifics, government  lawyers explained in court that Roselli had performed "valuable services to the  national security." A Giancana henchman, Roselli was an important contact man in  the Mob/CIA assassination plots against Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
Roselli and Jack Ruby are reported to have met in hotels  in Miami during the months before the JFK assassination. Years later, Roselli  told columnist Jack Anderson: "When Oswald was picked up, the underworld  conspirators feared he would crack and disclose information that might lead to  them. This almost certainly would have brought a massive U.S. crackdown on the  Mafia. So Jack Ruby was ordered to eliminate Oswald . . ."
In the mid-‘70s, as congressional committees probed the  Mob and the CIA, Roselli was dismembered, squeezed into an oil drum, and tossed  off the Florida coast; Giancana was gunned down in his kitchen; and Jimmy Hoffa  disappeared.
Back in the Eisenhower years, Vice President Richard Nixon  and CIA agent E. Howard Hunt were principal secret planners of the Bay of Pigs  invasion of Cuba that failed so miserably when it was later launched by  President Kennedy. Some historians are convinced Nixon was a prime mover in an  associated — and also ill-fated — plot to assassinate Fidel Castro. For example,  onetime Nixon aide Roger Morris says Nixon "had been an avid supporter of the  Eisenhower administration's covert operations to overthrow Castro, including the  alliance with organized crime to assassinate the Cuban leader." For his part,  Hunt has readily admitted his role in efforts to murder Castro.
For the "executive action" mission, potential assassins  were recruited from Mafia ranks, so that if any of their activities were  disclosed, organized crime could be blamed.
Nixon confidant Robert Maheu fronted for the CIA on the  Mob plots. A high-end private eye (and ex-FBI undercover operative) who  functioned in the shadowy realm between U.S. intelligence services and the  national criminal syndicate, Maheu had performed previous "dirty tricks" for  both Nixon and Giancana. Hoffa had also been a client of Maheu, who would  eventually become the top aide to Mob-and CIA-connected billionaire and Nixon  financial angel Howard Hughes.
The hit on Castro was to have been carried out at the same  time as the secret Nixon-Hunt plan for the invasion by CIA-trained exiles. The  invasion was a military debacle when later ordered by President Kennedy — who  publicly accepted full responsibility for the April 17, 1961 landing in which  1,500 exiles were quickly overwhelmed by some 20,000 Cuban troops. Convinced,  however, that the CIA set him up, Kennedy fired CIA chief Allen Dulles — an old  Nixon friend — and swore he'd dismantle the agency.
Nixon, Hunt, and many CIA and Cuban exile leaders pinned  almost complete blame for the military catastrophe on Kennedy for not providing  adequate air cover. At the time, Nixon told a reporter it was "near criminal"  for Kennedy to have canceled the air cover. Privately, he must have  been just as upset that Castro had not been bumped off. In one of his many  books, Hunt later accused the president of "a failure of nerves."
Nixon's secret Mafia buddies, already enraged by Kennedy's  anti-crime crusade in this country, were furious that their lucrative gambling  casinos — shuttered by Castro — would not be returning to Cuba.
In the immediate aftermath of his brother's murder, Atty.  Gen. Robert Kennedy suspected the Mafia – as well as the CIA and the Cuban  exiles. And he soon became consumed by a desire to track down, expose and punish  the plotters during what he hoped would be his own time in the White House,  according to David Talbot in Brothers: The Hidden History of the Kennedy Years ,  published in 2007. Talbot says RFK's quest began on the very afternoon of the  assassination in Dallas:
(Bobby) frantically worked the phones at Hickory Hill – his Civil War-era  mansion in McLean, Va. – and summoned aides and government officials to his  home. Lit up with the clarity of shock, the electricity of adrenaline, Bobby  Kennedy constructed the outlines of the crime that day – a crime, he immediately  concluded, that went far beyond Lee Harvey Oswald, the 24-year-old ex-Marine  arrested shortly after the assassination. Robert Kennedy was America's first  assassination conspiracy theorist.
Through fresh interviews, newly released documents and gripping words, Talbot  makes a compelling case that Bobby's reluctance to publicly discuss his  brother's death was a ruse. To family members, however, Bobby confided, "JFK had  been killed by a powerful plot that grew out of one of the government's secret  anti-Castro operations. There was nothing they could do at that point, Bobby  added, since they were facing a formidable enemy and they no longer controlled  the government."
E. Howard Hunt, of course, went on to become President  Nixon's chief dirty trickster and secret intelligence operative. In 1972, five  Hunt-recruited former CIA men — all veterans of the Bay of Pigs invasion  planning — were caught by police while burglarizing Democratic headquarters at  the Watergate office building in Washington. Fearing that Hunt's role would soon  be learned — and the burglary traced back to the White House —Nixon immediately  set out to blackmail g an FBI investigation of the break-in.  He had his chief of staff, Bob Haldeman, tell CIA Director Richard Helms that  Hunt, if apprehended, might spill the beans about a major CIA secret. On one of  the original Watergate tapes, the president rehearsed Haldeman on exactly what to tell the intelligence chief: "Hunt knows too damned much ... If this gets out  that this is all involved ... it would make the CIA look bad, it's going to make  Hunt look bad, and it's likely to blow the whole Bay of Pigs thing ... which we  think would be very unfortunate for both the CIA and the country ... and for  American foreign policy."
In a generally overlooked revelation in a post-Watergate  book, Haldeman said: "It seems that in all those Nixon references to the Bay of  Pigs, he was actually referring to the Kennedy assassination. (Interestingly, an  investigation of the Kennedy assassination was a project I suggested when I  first entered the White House. Now I felt we would be in a position to get all  the facts. But Nixon turned me down.)" Haldeman added that the CIA pulled off a  "fantastic cover-up" that "literally erased any connection between the Kennedy  assassination and the CIA."
On a White House tape made public in the 1990s, Haldeman  fingered Nixon as the source of his information that the CIA had reason to fear  Hunt's possible disclosure of "Bay of Pigs" secrets. The newest Nixon tapes are  studded with deletions — segments deemed by government censors as too sensitive  for public scrutiny. "National Security" is cited. Not surprisingly, such  deletions often occur during discussions involving the Bay of Pigs, E. Howard  Hunt, and John F. Kennedy.
One of the most tantalizing nuggets about Nixon's possible  inside knowledge of JFK assassination secrets was buried on a White House tape  until 2002. On the tape, recorded in May of 1972, the president confided to two  top aides that the Warren Commission pulled off "the greatest hoax that has ever  been perpetuated." Unfortunately, he did not elaborate. But the context in which  Nixon raised the matter shows just how low he could stoop in efforts to  assassinate the character of his political adversaries.
The Republican president made the "hoax" observation in  the immediate aftermath of the assassination attempt against White House hopeful  George Wallace, a longtime Democratic governor of Alabama. The attempt left  Wallace paralyzed below the waist. Nixon blurted out his comments about the  falsity of the Warren findings in the middle of a conversation in which he  repeatedly directed two of his most ruthless aides, Bob Haldeman and Chuck  Colson, to carry out a monumental dirty trick. He urged them to plant a false  news story linking the would-be Wallace assassin — Arthur Bremer — to two other  Democrats, Sen. Edward Kennedy and Sen. George McGovern —possible Nixon  opponents in that year's fall elections. "Screw the record," the president  orders on at one point. "Just say he was a supporter of that nut (it isn't clear  which of the two senators he is referring to). And put it out. Just say we have  an authenticated report."
As well as helping to perpetuate the Kennedy assassination  "hoax" by turning down Haldeman's proposal for a new JFK probe, Nixon had a  major hand in perpetrating it. In November of 1964, on the eve of the official  release of the Warren Report, private citizen Nixon went public in support of  the panel's coming findings. In a piece for Reader's Digest, he portrayed  Oswald as the sole assassin. And Nixon implied that Castro — "a hero in the  warped mind" of Oswald — was the real culprit.
Why did Nixon declare his belief in Oswald's guilt just  before publication of the commission's report? Was he acting in league with his  old buddies at the CIA and the FBI — as well as in the best interests of the Mob  — to give advance support to what they knew would be the report's lone-killer  conclusion? And why did Nixon stress Castro's alleged hold over Oswald's  thinking? Was he trying to ramp up enthusiasm for further efforts to topple the  Cuban leader?
In an apparent slip of the lip that got little attention  at the time, a Watergate-stressed President Nixon himself suggested there was a  conspiracy behind the JFK assassination. In the summer of 1973, the president  publicly raised the assassination issue to divert attention from recent  disclosures of a widespread government wiretapping operation. He claimed that  Robert Kennedy, as attorney general, had authorized a larger number of wiretaps  than his own administration. "But I don't criticize it," he declared, adding,  "if he had ten more and — as a result of wiretaps — had been able to discover  the Oswald Plan, it would have been worth it."
Whoops! The president apparently didn't realize his  reference to "the Oswald Plan" didn't square with the government's official  lone-killer finding. For if Lee Harvey Oswald had been solely responsible for  the assassination, then there would not have been anyone for Oswald to conspire  with about his "plan" — on a bugged telephone, or otherwise. Was Nixon  inadvertently revealing his knowledge that Mob leaders (Robert Kennedy's main  wiretap targets) had a role in President Kennedy's slaying? Was such a belief  based on information acquired as a result of Nixon's own solid ties to organized  crime and the Mafia-infested Teamsters union?
In the late 1970s, the House assassinations committee  studied FBI electronic surveillance of the Mob over several months just before  and after the JFK assassination. It found what Mob expert Ron Goldfarb has  described as "expressions of outrage and betrayal and comments about ‘wacking  out Kennedy.'"
That's because the Syndicate's tentacles had briefly  entangled John F. Kennedy too. In crucial ways, the Mafia had helped the  Massachusetts senator gain the presidency in 1960 — in exchange for a go-easy  attitude toward the Mob by the future Kennedy administration. Instead of keeping  his end of the bargain, however, President Kennedy started waging war on the  Mafia — and the godfathers went crazy with rage.
 
Of all the illegal activities undertaken by President  Nixon's secret agents E. Howard Hunt and G. Gordon Liddy, one stands out as  particularly sordid — the planned assassination of newspaper columnist Jack  Anderson, Nixon's arch foe in the media. Nixon-era stories by Anderson about  mobster Johnny Roselli (the Mafia's liaison with the CIA) and various Mob/CIA  plots infuriated the president and led to White House discussions about the  columnist's murder.
The plot against Anderson came to light in 1975 when The Washington Post reported that — "according to reliable sources" — Hunt  told associates after the Watergate break-in that he was ordered to kill the  columnist in December 1971 or January 1972. The plan allegedly involved the use  of poison obtained from a CIA physician. The Post reported that the  assassination order came from a "senior official in the Nixon White House," and  that it was "canceled at the last minute . . . "
In an affidavit about a key meeting on the matter with his  White House boss, Hunt said Charles Colson "seemed more than usually agitated,  and I formed the impression that he had just come from a meeting with President  Nixon."
Liddy admitted that he and Hunt had "examined all the  alternatives and very quickly came to the conclusion the only way you're going  to be able to stop (Anderson) is to kill him . . . And that was the  recommendation." Shortly after the Watergate break-in in 1972, Liddy offered to  be assassinated himself, if that would help the cover-up. He told White House  counsel John Dean: "This is my fault … And if somebody wants to shoot me on a  street corner, I'm prepared to have that done." In a 1980 legal case, Liddy  testified that there even came a time during the Nixon presidency "when I felt I  might well receive" instructions to kill E. Howard Hunt — adding, "I was  prepared, should I receive those orders, to carry them out immediately."
An ends-justify-the-means operator, Richard Nixon ran a  pro-Mafia administration that carried out an ambitious criminal agenda of its  own — one that even countenanced murder. Wouldn't his Mob connections have at  least provided Nixon with inside dope —if not advance knowledge — about the  murder of his archrival? Is that why Nixon — a major beneficiary of President  Kennedy's assassination — concealed his knowledge of what really happened in  Dallas on that tragic November day 40 years ago? Is that why, as president, he  turned down a new JFK assassination inquiry — even while secretly dismissing the  Warren Report as a fraud? After all, it was not in Nixon's best interests — nor  in those of his chief patrons, Jimmy Hoffa and the Mob — to have the public  learn the truth.
If President Nixon knew that the government's official  1964 conclusions about John F. Kennedy's murder were faked, didn't he at least  have the responsibility to set the record straight? Did his failure to do so  make him placidly complicit in that crime too?
Watergate may not have been Nixon's biggest cover-up after  all.
 
 
A Timeline of Nixon's Ties to the Kennedy Assassination
Nov. 1946: Nixon wins a  House seat with financial help from Meyer Lansky and other Mob leaders. Nixon's  campaign manager, Murray Chotnier, has top Mafia figures as legal clients—as  well as ties to New Orleans Mafia chief Carlos Marcello and Mob-connected  Teamsters official James Hoffa.
1947
: Congressman Nixon  intervenes to get Jack Ruby excused from testifying before a congressional  committee investigating the Mafia, according to an FBI memo discovered in the  1970s.
1947
: Nixon strongly backs  legislation establishing the Central Intelligence Agency. Around this time,  Nixon meets CIA agent E. Howard Hunt.
1950
: The Senate Kefauver  committee staff learns that Ruby was "a syndicate lieutenant who had been sent  to Dallas to serve as a liaison for Chicago mobsters," a former committee  staffer later discloses.
Nov. 1950
: Nixon is elected  to the Senate from California after suggesting his opponent was a communist  sympathizer.
Nov. 1952
: As Dwight  Eisenhower's running mate, Senator Nixon is elected vice president— despite a  scandal over a secret slush fund put together by wealthy California backers.
Nov. 1956
: Eisenhower is  re-elected president with Nixon as his vice president.
1959-1960
: Vice President  Nixon and CIA agent E. Howard Hunt are key figures in secret CIA efforts to  overthrow Cuban leader Fidel Castro. Nixon reportedly is the chief mover behind  an associated CIA/Mob plan to murder Castro. Hunt later admitted his role in  Castro assassination plots.
Summer of 1960
: The CIA asks  Nixon crony Robert Maheu—a former FBI agent with Mob contacts—to find mobsters  who might be able to pull off a hit on Castro.
Nov. 1960
: Sen. John F.  Kennedy defeats Nixon in a 1960 presidential cliff-hanger; after his January  1961 inauguration, the new president goes ahead with secret Nixon-Hunt plans for  a CIA-backed invasion of Cuba.
April 1961
: The amphibious  invasion at the Bay of Pigs is a monumental failure; Nixon, CIA, and Cuban exile  leaders blame Kennedy for withholding planned U-S air cover. Kennedy privately  blames the CIA and threatens to dismantle the agency.
Nov. 1961
: Kennedy fires  Nixon buddy Allen Dulles as CIA chief.
Nov. 1962: Nixon is defeated  for governor of California after a secret $205,000 "loan" from Mob-linked  billionaire Howard Hughes to Nixon's brother becomes a major issue; Nixon soon  moves to New York and becomes a corporate lawyer.
1962-63
: Angered by CIA  incompetence during the Bay of Pigs, Kennedy moves to limit the agency's power.
Summer of 1963
: Lee Harvey  Oswald and the CIA- and Mob-linked David Ferrie are seen together in Clinton,  La., the House assassinations committee later learns in testimony from numerous  witnesses.
July 23, 1963
: Teamsters  boss Jimmy Hoffa tells his lawyer, Frank Ragano, "Something has to be done. The  time has come for your friend (Santos Trafficante) and Carlos (Marcello) to get  rid of him, kill that son-of-a-bitch John Kennedy."
Nov. 8
: Oswald allegedly  writes a note to a "Mr. Hunt" asking for "information."
Nov. 21
: CIA agent Hunt is  spotted in Dallas at the same CIA "safe house" also visited that day by Jack  Ruby and Frank Sturgis, according to testimony in a 1985 court case.
Nov. 21
: Ostensibly in  Dallas to attend a Pepsi Cola convention, Nixon asks the city to give President  Kennedy a respectful welcome.
Nov. 21
: Chicago Mob boss  Sam Giancana meets with Nixon in Dallas to discuss the planned Kennedy  assassination, Giancana later tells relatives.
Nov. 22
: Nixon leaves  Dallas, apparently before Kennedy's arrival.
Nov. 22
: President Kennedy  is murdered in Dallas.
Nov. 24
: Ruby kills Oswald  in the basement of the Dallas police jail.
1963
: Nixon recommends  Congressman Gerald Ford for the Warren Commission.
1964
: Nixon lies to the FBI  about being in Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963.
1964
: Ford convinces the  commission to alter a key finding—making its preposterous "single bullet"  assassination theory slightly more believable, documents released in 1997 show.  The theory held that one of the bullets struck Kennedy in the back, came out his  neck, and then somehow critically wounded Texas Governor John Connally. Ford's  change placed the back wound higher in Kennedy's body.
1964
: Nixon and Ford write  articles in advance of Warren Commission Report endorsing its anticipated  conclusion that Oswald alone was responsible for Kennedy's assassination.
Sept. 1964
: The Warren  Report finds that Oswald—firing from a sniper's nest on the sixth floor of the  Texas School Book Depository—was President Kennedy' sole assassin.
Nov. 1968
: In a squeaker,  Nixon is elected president with big support from the Teamsters union and the  Mob.
1971
: After a Mob payoff of  at least $300,000, Nixon grants clemency to Hoffa—who had been jailed for jury  tampering in 1967.
June 1971
: Former CIA agent  E. Howard Hunt secretly joins the Nixon White House as the president's chief  spy.
May 1972
: Nixon confides to  two top aides that the Warren Report was "the greatest hoax that has ever been  perpetuated," a White House tape released in 2002 reveals.
June 17, 1972
: A group of  burglars working for Nixon's re-election is caught by Washington, D.C. police  while breaking into Democratic headquarters at the Watergate complex. Hunt and  former FBI official G. Gordon Liddy are soon identified as the group's  supervisors.
June 23, 1972
: To gain CIA  help in the Watergate cover-up, Nixon tries to blackmail CIA chief Richard Helms  over the secrets that Hunt might blab regarding CIA's links to "the Bay of  Pigs"—which top Nixon aide Bob Haldeman later reveals to be Nixon/CIA code for  the JFK assassination.
Nov. 1972
: In a landslide,  Nixon is re-elected president with the help of a reported $1 million Teamsters'  contribution.
May 1973: Haldeman reminds  Nixon that he—Nixon himself—had informed him that the CIA was hiding big "Bay of  Pigs" secrets—though this was not disclosed until 1996, when the National  Archives released a new batch of Watergate tapes. Sections of numerous Nixon  conversations dealing with "the Bay of Pigs," President Kennedy, and E. Howard  Hunt are deleted for "National Security" reasons.
1973
: Nixon picks  Congressman Ford to succeed the disgraced Spiro Agnew as his new vice president.
August 1974
: Nixon is forced  to resign the presidency over the Watergate scandal.
September 1974
: President  Ford grants Nixon a pre-emptive pardon for all crimes he might have committed.
 
