The Assassinations of Robert Kennedy
and Dr. Martin Luther King
and Lyndon B. Johnson's Withdrawal in 1968
      The Power Control Group faced several dangers in  1968.  While President Johnson had cooperated fully  with their desires in Viet Nam and in other parts of  the world, he had not met their requirements in other  areas.  He had gone too far in appeasing the blacks  and had shown some signs of giving in to the young  people in America in early 1968.  Through threats to  expose his role in covering up the truth about the  JFK assassination or personal threats to the safety  of his family, the Group forced his withdrawal from  the 1968 election race.  Their plan now was to  install Richard Nixon as president at all costs.
      Robert Kennedy and Dr. King posed real threats to this  plan.  Dr. King was beginning a movement in the  direction of a coalition with Malcom X followers and other black militant groups.  He was speaking out against the Viet Nam war.  His influence might help defeat Nixon at the polls.  So the Power Control Group created an  environment in which he could be assassinated by his  arch enemies.
      The FBI and J. Edgar Hoover had become a vital part of  the Power Control Group by 1968.  Hoover had no love  for King and was harrassing him in several ways.  The  Power Control Group undoubtedly let Hoover know that it  wouldn't be a bad idea to have King out of the way  before the election campaigns really warmed up.  They also passed the word along to some of the groups who were out to murder King that the crime would probably not be stopped.  Fletcher Prouty has described this  approach in some detail. [1] The net result of these actions was the assassination of Dr. King by a group of wealthy white bigots who employed two of the intelligence  community's own expert assassins.  One of these  men, Frenchy, had fired shots at JFK.  The other, Jack  Youngblood, was a soldier of fortune and CIA contract  killer.  They recruited James Earl Ray and set him up as  a patsy.
      The FBI removed King's protection in Memphis and after  the assassination they took the case out of the hands of  the local police to control and suppress the evidence of  conspiracy.  Hoover did not know exactly who was going  to assassinate King or where.  He did not know in  advance who the patsy was supposed to be.  The best  evidence in support of this is that from April to June 1968 the identity of the patsy was a mystery, first  unidentified, then identified as Eric Starvo Galt, then  as Raymond Sneyd, and finally as James Earl Ray.  If Hoover had been in on the plan, Ray's identity would probably have been revealed immediately.  In fact, the scenario might have been similar to the JFK case, with Ray being killed in a shoot-out.
      After Ray was identified and arrested in London, Hoover  and the Justice Department had to manufacture some  evidence to get Ray back to the U.S.  They had no qualms  about bribing one witness, Charlie Stevens, to do  this.  They forced him to say he had seen Ray.  Then a new problem arose.  Ray began telling the truth to his lawyer and a writer, William Bradford Huie.  He almost  revealed Frenchy's true identity.  The Power Control  Group, led by J. Edgar Hoover, solved this problem by  getting rid of Ray's lawyer, Arthur Hanes, and they hired  Percy Foreman to keep Ray quiet.  They also were forced to pay off or frighten off author Huie who had by then become  convinced Ray was telling him the truth.  Huie had found  several witnesses who had seen Ray and Frenchy together.
      The group got Foreman to talk Ray into pleading guilty  and Huie to retract his conspiracy talk and publish an  article and a book claiming Ray was the lone  assassin.  Ever since Ray was put away for 99 years, the  FBI and the Power Control Group have been hard at work  covering up the truth, bribing or influencing judges who  have heard Ray's appeals for a trial, publishing  disinformation like Gerold Franck's book, An American  Assassin, suppressing evidence, and placing key  witnesses in psychiatric wards.  It is still going  on.  They have killed at least one reporter -- Louis  Lomax -- who was getting too close to the truth.  The local  D.A., Phil Canale, was brought into the conspiracy along  with Percy Foreman, Judge Battle, Fred Vinson (who  extradited Ray, using Stevens' false affidavit), and  local authorities who committed Grace Walden Stevens to  a mental institution because she knew Charlie had been  dead drunk and saw nothing.
      The mechanics of the assassination are as  follows:  Youngblood and Frenchy recruited Ray in  Montreal for smuggling drugs into the U.S. from Mexico  and Canada.  They recruited him in the assassination  plan in such a way as to make him believe they were  smuggling guns to Cuba.
      Frenchy (Ray knew him as Raoul) set up Ray as a patsy by  planting evidence with Ray's prints on it near the fake  firing point.  He persuaded Ray to rent a room opposite  Dr. King's motel, to buy a rifle with telescopic sight,  and a white Mustang, and park the Mustang outside the  rooming house to wait for Frenchy to come  out.  Youngblood stationed himself on a grassy knoll  beneath the rooming house where Frenchy was located.  When King came out on his balcony, Youngblood killed him with  one shot fired at an upward angle.  Frenchy ran from his  perch overlooking King's balcony.  He made plenty of  noise to attract attention, and dropped a bag full of items with Ray's prints on them in front of an amusement parlor  next door to the rooming house.
      Frenchy must have had some anxious moments then because Ray had driven the Mustang to a gas station a few  blocks away to have a low tire pumped up.  Three witnesses remember his being there.  When Ray returned, not yet knowing what had happened, Frenchy told him to  drive away toward the edge of town where Frenchy got  out of the back seat.  Ray drove on to Atlanta with the  intention of meeting Frenchy there.
      Meanwhile, Youngblood mingled with the crowd under  King's balcony and then faded away.  A false trail was created by another member of the team who drove away in a second white Mustang and then created a fake auto chase on the police band radio.  Youngblood was tracked down by various reporters in early 1976 and  began negotiating to tell his story for a very high  price.  Meanwhile, judge after judge and court after  court keep turning down Bernard Fensterwald and James  Cesar, Ray's new lawyers, who appealed for a new trial.
      All of the information above has been reported with factual evidence backing it up in several articles, one book, and at Ray's legal hearing for a new trial in  Memphis in 1975. [2]
      After Dr. King was eliminated, the Power Control Group  faced a much greater threat.  Robert Kennedy began his  quest for the presidency.  There was little doubt in the  minds of anyone in the Group that Kennedy would be  nominated as Democratic candidate at the convention, and  would have a very good chance of defeating Richard Nixon.  This would be a near certainty if Eugene McCarthy  decided to drop out and support Senator Kennedy.  Robert  Kennedy represented a double threat to the Group in that  he would undoubtedly expose them after becoming  president and seize control.
      The plan they adopted was again to create an environment  in which it would be easy for an enemy like the  Minutemen or the Mafia or certain local hate groups in California to assassinate RFK and get away with it by setting up another patsy.  Available at the time was a  CIA agent planted inside the Los Angeles police  department.  Strong influence was brought to bear on  chief of police, Ed Davis, to remove all official  protection for Senator Kennedy in the Ambassador  Hotel.  Arrangements were made for the Ace Guard Service  to supply three extreme right wing, militant guards at  the hotel to guard the Senator after his victory  speech.  One of these was Thane Eugene Cesar, a known  Kennedy hater and friend of a group of Southern  California Minutemen.  He was also almost certainly a  CIA contract agent or "blind" assassin.  At the same time  another group was recruited to hypnotize Sirhan Sirhan  and to program him for firing some shots in Robert  Kennedy's direction.  Two hypnotists and at least three  other people were involved in the framing of Sirhan.
      Cesar killed Robert Kennedy from behind while Sirhan was  firing under hypnosis from in front of the Senator.  His  programmed signal was given by a girl in a polka dot dress  and another young Arabic man with them in the pantry.
      After the crime, the FBI, the CIA agent (Manny Pena), the  District Attorney's office (Evelle Younger and Joseph Busch)  and the Los Angeles Police Department (Ed Davis, Robert  Houghton and others), knowing the truth, all teamed up to  suppress all other evidence except that which was aimed at  framing Sirhan.  The Power Control Group has since wielded  its influence to keep the RFK case under wraps.  They  pushed legislation through the California legislature to  lock up the evidence.  They put Thomas Noguchi, the  L.A. County Coroner who wouldn't keep quiet about the  autopsy evidence which proved conspiracy, in an insane  asylum.  They arranged for the FBI report on the  assassination to be classified and locked up.  They  killed at least one person who knew what had  happened. They controlled the media on the  subject, especially the Los Angeles Times through its  owner, Norman Chandler, and his friend Evelle Younger,  who became California State Attorney General.
      After Al Lowenstein, Jerry Brown, Paul Schrade, Vincent  Bugliosi, Robert Vaughn, Tom Bradley and others began to try  to expose the truth, the Group fought back by setting up  their own expert ballistics panel and buying or frightening  them into distorting the evidence proving there were two  guns fired.  The Group is certainly not through yet.  More  planted disinformation can be expected and more bribing of  judges and expert witnesses.  There may be more  killings.  Cesar's life and the lives of the two  hypnotists won't be worth much if they ever start talking. [3]
__________
" The  Fourth Force "  --  L. Fletcher Prouty  -- Gallery  Magazine --  December, 1975
Frame Up:  The Martin Luther King/James Earl Ray  Case --  Harold Weisberg  --  E.P. Dutton  --  1971
"The Assassination of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr."  --  R.E.  Sprague  -- Computers & Automation December 1970
"The Assassination of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.  --  Parts  I to II"  --  Wayne Chastain  -- Computers & Automation, December 1974.
Most of the above information has been published in a series of  articles and in two books and one movie.
"The Assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy"  --  R.E. Sprague  -- Computers & Automation --  September 1972 and October 1970
RFK Must Die --  Robert Blair Kaiser  --  1970
The Assassination of Robert F. Kennedy, A Searching Look at the Conspiracy and Cover-Up 1968-1978 --  William Turner and John Christian  --  1978
The Second Gun --   Documentary Movie  --  Ted  Charach  --  American Films  --  Beverly Hills
