More
CIA-MAFIA Timeline:
Apr 18, '61 FBI records indicate that Mahue       informed the FBI that the Ballenti tap involved the CIA and suggested       Edwards be contacted, Mahue informed the FBI that the tap had       played a part in a project "on behalf of the CIA relative       to anti-Castro activities," a fact which could be verifed       by Sheffield Edwards, CIA Director of Security. (FBI Memo Apr       20, 61; Alleged Assassination Plots Involving Foreign Leaders,       11/20/75 p79)
May 3, '61, Edwards memoranda to FBI read       that Giancana had been recruited "in connection with the       CIA's clandestine efforts against the Casto government." No results yet, but "several of the plans are still working       and may eventually pay off." Edwards stated, "he had       never been furnished with any details of the methods used by       Giancana and Maheu because this was 'dirty business' and he could       not afford to know the specific actions." ***He also wrote       that Richard Bissell had "told the attorney general that       some of the [Bay of Pigs] planning included the use of Giancana       and the underworld against Castro." (Rappleye and Becker,       p 211-212;
***May 22, 1961, FBI Director Hoover sent       the Attorney General a memorandum about the Las Vegas wiretip.       An attachment to that memorandum quoted Sheffield Edwards as       saying that Bissell in "recent briefings" of Taylor       and Kennedy "told the Attorney General that some of the       associated planning included the use of Giancana and the underworld       against Castro."Bissell told the Church Committee that he       did not remember any briefing other than for the review of the       Bay of Pigs - The Taylor Report. (Bissell, 7/22/75) Taylor told       the Church Committee that no mention was made of an assassination       effort against Castro.
The summary of Edwards' statements to the       FBI that was sent by Hoover to Attorney General Kennedy on May       22,1961, stated, in part that:
Colonel Edwards advised that in connection       with CIA's operation against Castro he personally contacted Robert       Maheu during the fall of 1960 for the purpose of using Maheu       as a "cut-out" in contacts with Sam Giancana, a known       hoodlum in the Chicago area. Colonel Edwards said that since       the underworld controlled gambling activities in Cuba under the       Batista government, it was assumed that this element would still       continue to have sources and contacts in Cuba which perhaps could       be utilized successfully in connection with CIA's clandestine       efforts against the Castro government. As a result, Maheu's services       were solicited as a "cut-out" because of his possible       entree into underworld circles. Maheu obtained Sam Giancana's       assistance in this regard and according to Edwards, Giancana       gave every indication of cooperating through Maheu in attempting       to accomplish several clandestine efforts in Cuba. Edwards added       that none of Giancana's efforts have materialized to date and       that several of the plans still are working and may eventually "pay off." Colonel Edwards related that he had no direct       contact with Giancana; that Giancana's activities were completely "back stopped" by Maheu and that Maheu would frequently       report Giancana's action and information to Edwards. No details       or methods used by Maheu or Giancana in accomplishing their missions       were ever reported to Edwards. Colonel Edwards said that since       this is "dirty business", he could not afford to have       knowledge of the actions of Maheu and Giancana in pursuit of       any mission for CIA. Colonel Edwards added that he has neither       given Maheu any instruction to use technical installations of       any type nor has the subject of technical installations ever       come up between Edwards and Maheu in connection with Giancana's       activity. Mr. Bissell, in his recent briefings of General Taylor       and the Attorney General and in connection with their inquiries       into CIA relating to the Cuban situation [the Taylor Board of       Inquiry] told the Attorney General that some of the associated       planning included the use of Giancana and the underworld against       Castro.'
The summary of Edwards' conversation with       the FBI was accompanied by a cover memorandum from Hoover stating       that Edwards had acknowledged the "attempted" use of       Maheu and 3 "hoodlum elements" by the CIA in "anti-Castro       activities" but that the "purpose for placing the wiretap...has       not been determined...." (FBI memo to Attorney General,       5/22/61) The memorandum also explained that Maheu had contacted       Giancana in connection with the CIA program and CIA had requested       that the information be handled on a "need-to-know" basis.
RFK writes in the margin of the memo to his       aide, Courtney Evans, "I hope this will be followed up vigorously," after being assured the alliance had been discontinued by CIA's       Edwards. (Hoover memo to RFK and RFK's notation quoted in Assassination       Plots, Interim Report: Alleged Assassination Plots Involving       Foreign Leaders, pp127-128)
Note: Courtney Evans had worked closely with       the then Senator John Kennedy and Robert Kennedy on the McClellan       Committee which had investigated the relationship between organized       labor and organized crime. During the McClellan Investigation       Sam Glancana was one of the major crime figures examined. After       becoming Attorney General, Robert Kennedy had singled out Giancana       as one of the underworld leaders to be most intensely investigated.
Supposedly RFK was briefed on the Mafia episodes even earlier by Bissell according to Sheffield Edwards but Bissell denied it. Assassination was not specifically mentioned.
http://www.aarclibrary.org/publib/church/reports/ir/html/ChurchIR_0068b.htm
June 6, 1961 - A memorandum from Evans to       Allen Belmont, Assistant to the Director (FBI) dated June 6,       1961, stated:
"We checked with CIA and ascertained that CIA had used Maheu       as an intermediary in contacting Sam Gianeana, the notorious       Chicago hoodlum. This was in connection with anti-Castro activities.       CIA, however, did not give any instructions to Maheu to use any       technical installations. In connection with this information       received from CIA concerning their attempted utilization of the       hoodlum element, CIA requested this information be handled on       a "need-to-know" basis. We are conducting a full investigation       in this wiretap case requested by the Department and the field       has been instructed to press this investigation vigorously. Accordingly,       'the Attorney General will be orally assured that we are following       up vigorously and the results of our investigation will be furnished       to the Department promptly."
Aug 16, 1961 - Entries in the FBI files indicate       that the FBI vigorously pursued its investigation of the wiretap       case. However, on August 16, 1961, the Assistant United States       Attorney in Las Vegas reported his reluctance to proceed with       the case because of deficiencies in the evidence and his concern       that CIA's alleged involvement might become known. The Department       of Justice files indicate no activity between September 1961,       when the FBI's investigation was concluded, and January 1962,       when the question of prosecution in the case was brought up for       reconsideration. (Assassination Plots, Interim Report: Alleged       Assassination Plots Involving Foreign Leaders, pp127)
<B>There is no indication that the FBI       concluded that the CIA had used the Mafia for assassination plots.</B>
Also:
Nov 9, 61 - JFK meets with reporter Tad Szulc       and asks about Castro. Szulc's notes from that day read: "JFK       said he raised the question because he was under terrific pressure       from advisors (think he said intelligence people, but not positive)       to okay a Castro murder, said he was resisting pressures." A few days later, aide Richard Goodwin discussed the matter of       assassinating Castro with the president. It was to Goodwin that       Kennedy observed, "If we get into that kind of thing, we       'll all be targets." (Mahoney p135; Schlesinger, p530)
Nov 16, 61 - JFK delivers speech at the University       of Washington (Seattle) commencement: "We cannot as a free       nation, compete with our adversaries in tactics of terror, assassination,       false promises, counterfeit mobs and crises."
Then:
March 22, 62 - Hoover had a private luncheon       with President Kennedy. There is no record of what transpired       at that luncheon. According to the White House logs, the last       telephone contact between the White House and Judith Campbell       occurred a few hours after the luncheon.
Mar 23, 62 - The day immediately following       his luncheon with the President, at which Rosselli and Giancana       were presumably discussed, Hoover sent a memorandum to Edwards       stating: At the request of the Criminal Division of the Department       of Justice, this matter was discussed with the CIA Director of       Security on February 7, 1962, and we were advised that your agency       would object to any prosecution which would necessitate the use       of CIA personnel or CIA information. We were also informed that       introduction of evidence concerning the CIA operation would be       embarrassing to the Government. The Criminal Division has now       requested that CIA specifically advise whether it would or would       not object to the initiation of criminal prosecution against       the subjects, Balletti, Maheu, and the individual known as J.       W. Harrison for conspiracy to violate the "Wire Tapping       Statute."
Apr 10, 62 - Edwards responds in writing to       Hoover's Mar 23 memo that prosecution of Maheu and presumably       other Mafia figures for wiretapping "Would result in most       damaging embarrassment to the U.S. government." In demanding       a written response from the CIA, Hoover effectively cleared himself       of any involvement. He also effectively blackmails President       Kennedy with his knowledge.
***May 7, '62 - RFK briefed on past       CIA-Mafia Plots: RFK meets with Richard Helms (Helms later denied       this meeting took place despite a specific indication on RFK's       calendar), and later that afternoon with Sheffield Edwards and       CIA general council Lawrence Houston for a briefing on pre-Bay       of Pigs organized crime assassination plots. (Testimony       of Lawrence Houston HSCA, p62 National Archives) "Mr. Kennedy       stated that upon learning CIA had not cleared its action in hiring       Maheu and Giancana with the DOJ he issued orders that the CIA       should never again take such steps with first checking with the       DOJ."; CIA does not tell RFK the organized crime plots will       continue. (Memo for IG from Sidney D. Stembridge Acting Director       of Security 3.16.76, quoting FBI memo FBI 62-109060-4984 - states       May 9,'62 as the date for this briefing.) Houston testified that       RFK insisted "There was not to be any contact of the Mafia...without       prior consultation with him." (Church Committee, Houston,       6/2/75 p37)
McCone later testifies to the Church Committee       that Helms brought the only copy of the Edwards-Houston memo       with him to brief McCone on the Mafia plots in Aug.'63.
http://www.aarclibrary.org/publib/church/reports/ir/html/ChurchIR_0061a.htm
May 9, '62 - RFK tells Hoover the CIA has       used organized crime figures in an effort to assassinate Castro       (phase one). A memo by Hoover of the conference with RFK states:       The Attorney General told me he wanted to advise me of a situation       in the Giancana case which had considerably disturbed him. He       stated a few days ago he had been advised by CIA that in connection       with Giancana, CIA had hired Robert A Maheu, a private detective       in Washington, DC, to approach Giancana with a proposition of       paying $150,000 to hire some gunmen to go into Cuba and to kill       Castro. I expressed great astonishment at this in view of the       bad reputation of Maheu and the horrible judegment in using a       man of Giancana's background for such a project. The Attorney General shared the same views. ...CIA admitted that they had       assisted Maheu in making this installation and for these reasons       CIA was in a position where it could not afford to have any action       taken against Giancana and Maheu. ...the Attorney General told       him that he asked CIA whether they had ever cleared their actions       in hiring Maheu and Giancana with the DOJ before they did so       and he was advised by CIA they had not cleared these matters       with the DOJ. He stated he then issued orders to CIA to never       again in the future take such steps without first checking with       the DOJ. (Memorandum from Hoover, 5/10/62)
May 14, '62 - After the May 7th meeting with       RFK, Edwards, with Houston's assistance, prepared a memo (relating       what had transpired at the May 7, '62 briefing) for the Attorney       General's file that would establish his being "informed" of the plots, and that, to Kennedy's knowledge, they had been       terminated. (Interim Report: Alleged Assassination Plots Involving       Foreign Leaders p106)
That same day Edwards had a telephone conversation       with William Harvey. As a result of that conversation, Edwards       prepared an internal memo for the record dated May 14, '62, which       falsely stated that the operation involving Rosselli was then       terminated. Interim Report: Alleged Assassination Plots Involving       Foreign Leaders p132) Note: Harvey found out about this memo       when questioned by the Senate Intelligence Committee in 1975,       and he was furious. He declared that it "was not true, and       Col. Edwards knew it was not true"; the falsification was       intended to show that Edwards was "no longer chargeable       should the operation backfire." (Senate Assassination Plots       Report p134)
May 22, 62 - After being fully briefed, Hoover       sends memo to RFK noting CIA had used Giancana in "clandestine       efforts" against Castro. "Colonel Edwards said that       since this is 'dirty business' he could not afford to have knowledge       of that action of Maheu and Giancana in pursuit of any mission       for the CIA Mr. Bissell, in his recent briefings of General Taylor       and the attorney general and in connection with their inquiries       into CIA activities relating to the Cuban situation told the       Attorney General that some of the associated planning included       the use of Giancana and the underworld." (FBI 62-109060-4984;       Church Committee Interim Report, p127)
