Dirty Politics -- Nixon, Watergate, and the JFK Assassination
Dirty Politics —
Nixon, Watergate, and the JFK  Assassination
by Mark Tracy
"I suppose really the only two dates that most  people remember where they were was Pearl Harbor and the death of president  Franklin Roosevelt." --John F. Kennedy
Private citizen Richard Nixon claimed to  remember where he was during another momentous event -- the assassination of President John  F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, Texas. Nixon said that he first heard about Kennedy's death during a taxi  ride in New York City. However, a United Press International photo taken that  day tells a different story. The photo shows a "shocked Richard Nixon" (as the  caption reads) having already learned of President Kennedy's murder upon his  arrival by plane at New York's Idlewild Airport. This was before Nixon had left the airport by taxi. (photo from Minneapolis Star newspaper clipping, November 23, 1963, p. 7A; cited by James Fetzer. Also see: Nixon's Taxi-Cab Tales )
Perhaps Nixon was trying to deflect attention from the fact  that the plane he had arrived on had originated from Dallas, Texas. Indeed,  Nixon (as he later admitted) had been in Dallas on November 22, the day of the assassination. [Note: Nixon initially told the FBI "...that the only time he was in Dallas, Texas, during 1963 was two days prior to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy." See: Richard Nixon's Greatest Cover-Up ] While in Dallas, Nixon met with right-wing elites and executives from the Pepsi-Cola company.
Dallas journalist Jim Marrs gives this account: "With Nixon in Dallas was Pepsi-Cola  heiress and actress Joan Crawford. Both Nixon and Crawford made comments in the  Dallas newspapers to the effect that they, unlike the President, didn't need  Secret Service protection, and they intimated that the nation was upset with  Kennedy's policies. It has been suggested that this taunting may have been  responsible for Kennedy's critical decision not to order the Plexiglas top  placed on his limousine on November 22." [Notes: The Pepsi-Cola company had a sugar plantation and factory in Cuba, which the Cuban government nationalized in 1960; CIA contract agent Chauncey Holt told Newsweek magazine in 1991 that Pepsi-Cola President Donald Kendall was "considered by the CIA to be the eyes and ears of the CIA" in the Caribbean; a photograph taken on November 21, 1963 -- the day before the assassination -- shows Donald Kendall meeting with Richard Nixon in Dallas. Click to view ]*
Other facts linking Nixon to the JFK assassination emerged after Nixon had become President, during the Watergate conspiracy. In his memoir, The Ends of Power, former White House Chief of Staff H. R. Haldeman cites several  conversations in which President Nixon expressed concern about the Watergate affair becoming  public knowledge and where this exposure might lead. Haldeman writes:
"In fact, I was puzzled when he [Nixon] told me, 'Tell Ehrlichman this whole  group of Cubans [Watergate burglars] is tied to the Bay of Pigs.' After a pause  I said, 'The Bay of Pigs? What does that have to do with this [the Watergate  burglary]?' But Nixon merely said, 'Ehrlichman will know what I mean,' and  dropped the subject."
Later in his book, Haldeman appears to answer his own question when he says,  "It seems that in all of those Nixon references to the Bay of Pigs, he was  actually referring to the Kennedy assassination."
If Haldeman's interpretation is correct, then Nixon's instructions for him  to, "Tell Ehrlichman this whole group of [anti-Castro] Cubans is tied to the Bay  of Pigs," was Nixon's way of telling him to inform Ehrlichman that the Watergate  burglars were tied to Kennedy's murder. (It should be noted that many Cuban  exiles blamed Kennedy for the failure to overthrow Castro at the Bay of Pigs, pointing to Kennedy's refusal to allow the U.S. military to launch a full-scale invasion of the island.)
Haldeman also links the Central Intelligence Agency to the Watergate burglars and, by implication, to  the Kennedy assassination. Haldeman writes, "...at least one of the  burglars, [Eugenio] Martinez, was still on the CIA payroll on June 17, 1972 -- and almost  certainly was reporting to his CIA case officer about the proposed break-in even before it happened [his italics]."
The other Watergate conspirators included ex-FBI agent G. Gordon Liddy, ex-CIA agents James McCord and E. Howard Hunt, and Bay of Pigs veterans Bernard Barker, Frank Sturgis and Virgilio Gonzales. E. Howard Hunt's relationship with the  anti-Castro Cubans traces back to the early 1960s, to his days with the Central Intelligence Agency. As a  CIA political officer and propaganda expert, Hunt helped plan the Bays of Pigs operation and also helped create the Cuban  Revolutionary Council -- a militant anti-Castro organization. Hunt would later retire from the CIA (at least ostensibly) to become  covert operations chief for the Nixon White House. [Note: Hunt maintained a working relationship with the Central Intelligence Agency even after his "retirement," obtaining camera equipment and disguises from the CIA's Technical Services Division for use in the Watergate burglary.]
Several reports over the years have placed Hunt in Dallas at the time of the  Kennedy assassination. In 1974, the Rockefeller Commission concluded that Hunt used eleven hours of sick leave from the CIA in the two-week period preceding the assassination. Later, eyewitness Marita Lorenz testified under oath that  she saw Hunt pay off an assassination team in Dallas the night before  Kennedy's murder. (Hunt v. Liberty Lobby; U.S. District Court for the Southern  District of Florida; 1985) Click to read transcript
In taped conversations with Haldeman, Nixon is obviously worried about what  would happen if Hunt's involvement in the Watergate conspiracy came to light.  Nixon says, "Of course, this Hunt, that will uncover a lot of things. You open  that scab, there's a hell of a lot of things, and we feel that it would be very  detrimental to have this thing go any further ... the President's belief is that this is going to open the whole Bay of Pigs thing up again." Click to Listen: President Nixon  instructs Haldeman on what to tell the CIA (text below)
NIXON: When you get in to see these people, say: "Look,  the problem is that this will open the whole, the whole Bay of Pigs thing, and  the President just feels that..." ah, I mean, without going into the details of,  of lying to them to the extent to say that there is no involvement. But, you can  say, "This is sort of a comedy of errors, bizarre," without getting into it, "The  President's belief is that this is going to open the whole Bay of Pigs thing up  again. And, ah because ah these people are playing for, for keeps and that they  should call the FBI in and we feel that ... that we wish for the country, don't go  any further into this case, period!"
Following instructions, Haldeman informed CIA Director Richard Helms of President Nixon's concern that the Watergate investigation would "open the whole Bay of Pigs thing up again." Haldeman gives this account of what transpired next:
"Turmoil in the room. Helms, gripping the arms of his chair, leaning forward and shouting, 'The Bay of Pigs had nothing to do with this. I have no concern about the Bay of Pigs.'
"Silence. I just sat there. I was absolutely shocked by Helms' violent reaction. Again I wondered, what was such dynamite in the Bay of Pigs story?"
Eleven days after Hunt's arrest for the Watergate burglary, L. Patrick Gray, acting FBI Director, was called to the White House and told by Nixon aide John Ehrlichman to "deep six" written files taken from Hunt's personal safe. The FBI Director was told that the files were "political dynamite and clearly should not see the light of day." Gray responded by taking the material home and burning it in his fireplace. John Dean, council to the president, acted similarly by shredding Hunt's operational diary.
Futhermore, as former White House correspondent Don Fulsom reveals, "The newest Nixon tapes are studded with deletions -- segments deemed by government censors as too sensitive for public scrutiny. 'National Security' is cited. Not surprisingly, such deletions often occur during discussions involving the Bay of Pigs, E. Howard Hunt, and John F. Kennedy.  One of the most tantalizing nuggets about Nixon's possible inside knowledge of JFK assassination secrets was buried on a White House tape until 2002. On the tape, recorded in May of 1972, the president confided to two top aides that the Warren Commission pulled off 'the greatest hoax that has ever been perpetuated.' Unfortunately, he did not elaborate."
References:
Douglass, James. JFK and the Unspeakable: Why He Died and Why It Matters. New York: Simon & Schuster, 2008.
Fetzer, James H., editor. Assassination Science: Experts Speak Out on the  Death of JFK. Chicago: Catfeet Press, 1998.
Fonzi, Gaeton. The Last Investigation. New York: Thunder's Mouth Press, 1993.
Haldeman, H. R. The Ends of Power. New York: Times Books, 1978.
Lane, Mark. Plausible Denial: Was the CIA Involved in the Assassination of  JFK?. New York: Thunder's Mouth Press, 1991.
Marrs, Jim. Crossfire: The Plot that Killed Kennedy. New York: Carroll & Graf, 1989.
Summers, Anthony. Not in Your Lifetime. New York: Marlowe & Company,  1998.
Twyman, Noel. Bloody Treason: On Solving History's Greatest Murder Mystery:  The Assassination of John F. Kennedy. Rancho Santa Fe: Laurel Publishing,  1997.
Weissman, Steve. Big Brother and the Holding Company: The World Behind Watergate. Palo Alto: Ramparts Press, 1974.
"In November of 1964, on the eve of the official release of the Warren Report, private citizen Nixon went public in support of the panel's coming findings. In a piece for Reader's Digest, he portrayed Oswald as the sole assassin. And Nixon implied that Castro -- 'a hero in the warped mind' of Oswald -- was the real culprit."
--from Richard Nixon's Greatest Cover-Up: His Ties to the Assassination of President Kennedy by Don Fulsom
Nixon Foundation comment: "The charge that the 37th President of  the United States had any knowledge of, and indirect moral and operational  responsibility in the murder of the 35th President of the United States is so  reprehensible that it should render wholly illegitimate any text or narrative in  which it is contained."
E. Howard Hunt -- CIA political officer and head of covert operations for  Nixon -- takes aim at Kennedy in his book, Give Us This Day: "Instead of  standing firm, our government [under Kennedy] pyramided crucially wrong  decisions and allowed Brigade 2506 [at the Bay of Pigs] to be destroyed. The  Kennedy administration yielded Castro all the excuse he needed to gain a tighter  grip on the island.... Under the administration's philosophy, the real enemy  became poverty and ignorance; any talk of an international Communist conspiracy  was loudly derided. Detente and a 'positive approach to easing international  tensions' filled the Washington air, to the wonderment of those of us who still  remembered Budapest, the Berlin Wall and the fate of Brigade 2506."
Hunt continues: "When President Kennedy on April 12 [1961] declared the United States would never invade Cuba my project colleagues and I did not take him seriously."
Author Mark Lane in his book, Plausible Denial adds: "Kennedy had said publicly that no segment of the armed forces of the United States would participate in the invasion of Cuba. At the CIA they had heard the words but wanted to believe that he meant them for public consumption only."
E. Howard Hunt refused to answer whether he was in Dallas on the day that President Kennedy was murdered. Click to read this 2004 interview [Note: In a deathbed statement released in 2007, Hunt admits CIA involvement in the Kennedy assassination. Hunt, however, minimizes his own role. He fingers CIA officers, Cord Meyer, David Phillips, William Harvey, and David Morales.]
Regarding the Cuba situation, Theodore Sorensen, Special Counsel to John F. Kennedy, said: "We were deeply concerned that Khrushchev would respond [to a U.S. attack on Cuba] with an attack on Berlin, where he had the geographic advantage, and with nuclear weapons, which would have transformed that local battle into a terrible global struggle."
Theodore Sorensen, interviewed on CNN.com/ColdWar, 29 November 1998
After the Bay of Pigs fiasco, President Kennedy said to his friend, Assistant Navy Secretary Paul Fay: "Nobody is going to force me to do anything I don't think is in the best interest of the country. I will never compromise the principles on which this country is built, but we're not going to plunge into an irresponsible action just because a fanatical fringe in this country puts so-called national pride above national reason. Do you think I'm going to carry on my conscience the responsibility for the wanton maiming and killing of children like our children we saw here this evening? Do you think I'm going to cause a nuclear exchange -- for what? Because I was forced into doing something that I didn't think was proper and right? Well, if you or anybody else thinks I am, he's crazy."
Paul Fay, The Pleasure of His Company
Kennedy also told Paul Fay: "Now, in retrospect, I know damn well that they [the Pentagon and the CIA] didn't have any intention of giving me the straight word on this thing [the Bay of Pigs operation]. They just thought that if we got involved in the thing, that I would have to say 'Go ahead, you can throw all our forces in there, and just move into Cuba.' ... Well, from now on it's John Kennedy that makes the decisions as to whether or not we're going to do these things."
Richard Reeves, President Kennedy: Profile of Power
"'[The Joint Chiefs] were sure I'd give in to them and send the go-ahead order to the [aircraft carrier] Essex,' he said one day to Dave Powers. 'They couldn't believe that a new President like me wouldn't panic and try to save his own face. Well, they had me figured all wrong.'"
Johnny, We Hardly Knew Ye, by Kenneth O'Donnell and Dave Powers
President Kennedy was correct regarding the intentions of the Joint Chiefs and the CIA. Then-CIA Director Allen Dulles lamented: "We felt that when the chips were down -- when the crisis arose in reality, any action required for success [at the Bay of Pigs] would be authorized rather than permit the enterprise to fail."
Lucien Vandenbroucke, "The 'Confessions' of Allen Dulles: New Evidence on the Bay of Pigs," Diplomatic History 8, no. 4 (Fall 1984); citing Allen W. Dulles Papers, handwritten notes
In a letter to Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, 1 December 1963, Kennedy's widow Jacqueline wrote: "The danger which troubled my husband was that war might be started not so much by the big men as by the little ones. While big men know the need for self-control and restraint, little men are sometimes moved more by fear and pride."
William Manchester, The Death of a President
"In a remarkable passage in 'One Hell of a Gamble,' a widely praised 1997 history of the Cuban missile crisis based on declassified Soviet and U.S. government documents, historians Alexksandr Fursenko and Timothy Naftali wrote that on November 29, one week after the assassination, Bobby Kennedy dispatched a close family friend named William Walton to Moscow with a remarkable message for Georgi Bolshakov, the KGB agent he had come to trust during the nerve-wracking back-channel discussions sparked by the missile crisis.  According to the historians, Walton told Bolshakov that Bobby and Jacqueline Kennedy believed 'there was a large political conspiracy behind Oswald's rifle' and 'that Dallas was the ideal location for such a crime.'"
David Talbot, "The Mother of All Cover-Ups," Salon, 15 September 2004
"After the Bay of Pigs, Kennedy had contempt for the Joint Chiefs. I remember going into his office in the spring of 1961, where he waved some cables at me from General Lemnitzer [chairman of the Joint Chiefs], who was then in Laos on an inspection tour. And Kennedy said, 'If it hadn't been for the Bay of Pigs, I might have been impressed by this.' I think J.F.K.'s war-hero status allowed him to defy the Joint Chiefs. He dismissed them as a bunch of old men. He thought Lemnitzer was a dope."
Arthur Schlesinger Jr., interviewed by David Talbot, "Warrior for Peace," Time magazine, 2 July 2007
Kennedy once told Ben Bradlee, the Washington correspondent for Newsweek: "The first advice I'm going to give my successor is to watch the generals and to avoid feeling that just because they were military men their opinions on military matters were worth a damn."
Ben Bradlee, Conversations with Kennedy
Kennedy also told Assistant Navy Secretary Paul Fay: "Looking back on that whole Cuban mess, one of the things that appalled me most was the lack of broad judgment by some of the heads of the military services.  When you think of the long competitive selection process that they have to weather to end up the number one man of their particular service, it is certainly not unreasonable to expect that they would also be bright, with good broad judgment.  For years I've been looking at those rows of ribbons and those four stars, and conceding a certain higher qualification not obtained in civilian life.  Well, if ------- and ------- are the best the services can produce, a lot more attention is going to be given their advice in the future before any action is taken as a result of it."
Paul Fay, The Pleasure of His Company
Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas, recalling a discussion he had with Kennedy shortly after the Bay of Pigs, said: "This episode seared him. He had experienced the extreme power that these groups had, these various insidious influences of the CIA and the Pentagon on civilian policy, and I think it raised in his own mind the specter: Can Jack Kennedy, President of the United States, ever be strong enough to really rule these two powerful agencies? I think it had a profound effect ... it shook him up!"
L. Fletcher Prouty, The Secret Team
"'The Bay of Pigs fiasco broke the dike,' said one report at the time. 'President Kennedy was pilloried by the super patriots as a 'no-win' chief.... The far Right became a fount of proposals born of frustration and put forward in the name of anti-Communism.... Active-duty commanders played host to anti-Communist seminars on their bases and attended or addressed right-wing meetings elsewhere.'"
James Bamford, Body of Secrets
"When Kennedy took office, Laos was the hot spot, and the departing President, Dwight D. Eisenhower, warned Kennedy he might have to fight there. If so, Eisenhower said, he would support the decision. Over the next few weeks Kennedy made several hawkish public statements. But after the Bay of Pigs fiasco in Cuba, he changed his attitude. He told several people, including Richard Nixon, that since 'the American people do not want to use troops to remove a Communist regime only 90 miles away, how can I ask them to use troops to remove one 9,000 miles away?'"
Roger Hilsman, Assistant Secretary of State for Far Eastern Affairs under President Kennedy, letter to The New York Times, 20 January 1992
"I don't recall anyone who was strongly against [sending ground troops into Vietnam], except one man and that was the President. The President just didn't want to be convinced that this was the right thing to do.... It was really the President's personal conviction that U.S. ground troops shouldn't go in."
Maxwell Taylor, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Kennedy, in a recorded interview with I. J. Hackman, 13 November 1969, cited by Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., Robert Kennedy and His Times
"When Kennedy took office ... the first thing Kennedy did was to send a couple of men to Vietnam to survey the situation. They came back with the recommendation that the military assistance group be increased from 800 to 25,000. That was the start of our involvement. Kennedy, I believe, realized he'd made a mistake because 25,000 U.S. military [advisers] in a country such as South Vietnam means that the responsibility for the war flows to [the United States] and out of the hands of the South Vietnamese. So Kennedy, in the weeks prior to his death, realized that we had gone overboard and actually was in the process of withdrawing when he was killed and Johnson took over."
John McCone, CIA Director under President Kennedy, interviewed by Harry Kreisler, 21 April 1988
"I’ve just been given a list of the most recent casualties in Vietnam. We’re losing too damned many people over there. It’s time for us to get out. The Vietnamese aren't fighting for themselves. We’re the ones who are doing the fighting. After I come back from Texas, that’s going to change. There's no reason for us to lose another man over there. Vietnam is not worth another American life."
President Kennedy, speaking to Assistant Press Secretary Malcolm Kilduff in the Oval Office on 21 November 1963, the day before his assassination, cited by James Douglass, JFK and the Unspeakable: Why He Died and Why It Matters
"President [Kennedy] heroically kept the country out of war -- against relentless pressure from hard-liners in the Pentagon, CIA and his own White House, who were determined to militarily engage the enemy in Berlin, Laos, Vietnam and especially Cuba. Kennedy knew that any such military confrontation could quickly escalate into a nuclear war with the Soviet Union. And he realized that a full-scale invasion of Cuba or Vietnam could become hopelessly bogged down, turning into a bloody and endless occupation.... The only reason Cuba didn't become the Iraq of its day was that Kennedy was too wise to be snookered by hard-liners into this trap. He had already been misled early in his administration by the CIA, which convinced him that its ragtag army of Cuban exiles could defeat Castro at the Bay of Pigs. JFK vowed that he would never again listen to these so-called national security experts...."
David Talbot, "The Kennedy Legacy vs. the Bush Legacy," Salon, 2 May 2007
"Arthur Schlesinger Jr., in his book 'Robert Kennedy and His Times,' documents other episodes showing President Kennedy's determination not to let Vietnam become an American war. One was when Gen. Douglas MacArthur told him it would be foolish to fight again in Asia and that the problem should be solved at the diplomatic table. Later General Taylor said that MacArthur's views made 'a hell of an impression on the President ... so that whenever he'd get this military advice from the Joint Chiefs or from me or anyone else, he'd say, 'Well, now, you gentlemen, you go back and convince General MacArthur, then I'll be convinced.'"
Roger Hilsman, Assistant Secretary of State for Far Eastern Affairs under President Kennedy, letter to The New York Times, 20 January 1992
And this from Peter Dale Scott's book, Deep Politics and the Death of  JFK: "Of the more than a dozen suspicious deaths in the case of  Watergate ... perhaps the most significant death was that of Dorothy Hunt [E.  Howard Hunt's wife] in the crash of United Air Lines [flight 553] in December 1972. The crash was investigated for possible sabotage by both the FBI and a  congressional committee, but sabotage was never proven. Nevertheless, some  people assumed that Dorothy Hunt was murdered (along with the dozens of others  in the plane). One of these was Howard Hunt, who dropped all further demands on  the White House and agreed to plead guilty [to the Watergate burglary in January  1973]." Flight 553: Click to read
Confirmation that E. Howard Hunt assumed that his wife was murdered comes from his son, Saint John Hunt, who said on the Alex Jones Show (5/2/07): "Later on in [my father's] life at one of these bedside confessions ... tears started welling up in his eyes and he said, 'you know Saint I was so deeply concerned that what they did to your mother they could have done to you children' and that caused the hair on my neck to stand up -- that was the first disclosure from my father that he thought there was something else going on besides sheer pilot error."
Charles Colson -- Nixon's special council and E. Howard Hunt's boss -- was another person who thought that Dorothy Hunt was murdered. In 1974, Colson told Time magazine (7/8/74): "I think they [the CIA] killed Dorothy Hunt."
Links:
