This section contains 2,395 words
(approx. 8 pages at 300 words per page)
View a FREE sample
To What Extent Was Robert Kennedy's Role Significant in the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962?
Summary: The investigation assesses to what extent was Robert Kennedy's role significant in the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962. In order to appraise the significance of Kennedy's role, the investigation appraises his involvement and role in each stage of this nuclear standoff. His role is appraised by not only his brother, colleagues, and adversaries, but also by himself, documentaries, and essays. The significance of Kennedy's role is appraised from the initial days in which President Kennedy is briefed, during the EX-COMM meetings, and the conclusion of the Crisis. Two of the sources used in the investigation, Thirteen Days compiled by Robert F. Kennedy and the essay, Robert Kennedy compiled by ThinkQuest are further appraised for their origins, purposes, values, and limitations.
The investigation does not evaluate the different ideologies of the participating nations, nor any other opinion other than those of the United States, the Soviet Union, and Cuba.
Criterion A: Plan of Investigation
The investigation assesses to what extent was Robert Kennedy's role significant in the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962. In order to appraise the significance of Kennedy's role, the investigation appraises his involvement and role in each stage of this nuclear standoff. His role is appraised by not only his brother, colleagues, and adversaries, but also by himself, documentaries, and essays. The significance of Kennedy's role is appraised from the initial days in which President Kennedy is briefed, during the EX-COMM meetings, and the conclusion of the Crisis. Two of the sources used in the investigation, Thirteen Days compiled by Robert F. Kennedy and the essay, Robert Kennedy compiled by ThinkQuest are further appraised for their origins, purposes, values, and limitations.
The investigation does not evaluate the different ideologies of the participating nations, nor any other opinion other than those of the United States, the Soviet...
This section contains 2,395 words
(approx. 8 pages at 300 words per page)
