+ Subscribe
Attorney General Robert Kennedy & Pres. John                 Kennedy. Photo JFK Library
A newly released video interview reveals that Robert Kennedy, while U.S. Attorney General, received a classified briefing on a crashed UFO that was extraterrestrial in origin, and whose technology was secretly being reverse engineered. According to Lt Colonel Philip Corso, who served as head of the U.S. Army’s Foreign Technology Desk from 1961-1963, he personally briefed Kennedy about the Army’s effort to seed extraterrestrial technologies into the private sector. Interviewed shortly before his death in 1998, Corso revealed for the first time that Bobby Kennedy contacted him for his knowledge on highly classified national security information. Corso from 1953-1957 had served in a number of National Security Council committees during the Eisenhower administration as the Army Liaison reporting directly to Lt General Arthur Trudeau who was head of U.S. Army Intelligence. Corso’s revelation is further evidence that President Kennedy was aware of the extraterrestrial origins of UFOs . Kennedy sought to gain information on UFOs from various sources in order to re-establish direct Presidential control. It is very likely that this is the reason Bobby Kennedy sought Corso out. Corso’s revelation adds to evidence that President Kennedy’s efforts to gain oversight over UFOs played a role in his 1963 assassination. Importantly, Corso provides an insight into how the UFO issue may have also been a factor in the death of Marilyn Monroe and the 1968 assassination of Robert Kennedy.
In his interview, Corso said:
I discussed this very thoroughly with Bobby Kennedy, the attorney general, the President’s brother… He knew about the flying saucers, I talked to him about it. I used to meet him when he was attorney general right in his office… What went to Bobby went to the President also.
Corso was aware that Robert Kennedy was a direct conduit to the President who was constantly briefed by his brother. Corso further explained in the interview that the meeting(s) happened in 1962, soon after Corso had testified on a Senate Committee about classified national security issues. At the time Corso was in charge of the Foreign Technology Desk, and reported directly to General Trudeau who then headed the Army’s Research and Development Division. Corso explained that he agreed to testify on the condition that his testimony was to be relayed directly to the Kennedy brothers. According to Corso, he was soon after contacted by Robert Kennedy who wanted to learn more about Corso’s knowledge and activities. Robert Kennedy’s role in learning about UFOs made him a key figure in ensuring that classified information the Kennedy brothers had gained about extraterrestrial life and technology would not be leaked to the public.
 
Robert Kennedy was allegedly involved in silencing Marilyn Monroe who in 1962 was prepared to blow the whistle on President Kennedy’s secret visit to an Air Force base to see alien bodies. A leaked unconfirmed Top Secret CIA wiretap summary of conversations concerning Monroe and the Kennedy brothers states :
Rothberg indicated in so many words, that she [Monroe] had secrets to tell, no doubt arising from her trists [sic] with the President and the Attorney General. One such "secret" mentions the visit by the President at a secret air base for the purpose of inspecting things from outer space. Kilgallen replied that she knew what might be the source of visit [sic]. In the mid-fifties Kilgallen learned of secret effort by US and UK governments to identify the origins of crashed spacecraft and dead bodies, from a British government official. Kilgallen believed the story may have come from the New Mexico story [Roswell] in the late forties.
If Monroe was indeed aware of President Kenndy’s secret visit to see downed alien life and technology, and was about to blow the whistle, then she was a security threat. She directly jeopardized the Kennedy brothers efforts to restore direct Presidential oversight of extraterrestrial related issues. The stakes couldn’t be higher since President Kennedy had so far been frustrated in his efforts to regain control of UFO information from the CIA. If Monroe blew the whistle, the Kennedys would have zero chance of learning anything from the secretly appointed officials in charge of extraterrestrial affairs. Significantly, Robert Kennedy was sighted in Monroe’s house shortly before her death:
Norman Jeffries who worked with Marilyn's housekeeper Eunice Murray and helped around the house, said that some men came to Marilyn's house around 10:00 pm the night of her death. One man recognized by Mr. Jeffries was Robert Kennedy, who was accompanied by two men he didn't know. Elizabeth Pllard, who lived right next door to Marilyn and held bridge parties every Saturday night states that she saw Bobby Kennedy and two other men walk right past the window, headed for Marilyn's house, and one of the men was carrying a small black bag of the sort that a doctor would carry. According to Norman Jeffries, Bobby and the two mystery men entered the house and ordered Norman and Eunice to leave. Marilyn Munroe biographer Donald Wolfe quotes Norman as saying, "I mean they made it clear we were to be gone."
It appears that Robert Kennedy was a factor in the silencing and/or assassination of Monroe, and that this happened because of the security threat she posed to the Kennedy brothers efforts to restore direct Presidential oversight over the extraterrestrial issue.
Significantly, the leaked CIA transcript of the wiretap conversation of Monroe was signed by James [Jesus] Angleton, chief of counterintelligence for the CIA. Angleton’s CIA counterintelligence was closely involved in maintaining security for classified UFO files. Angleton closely watched Monroe and the Kennedy brothers to find out what they had learned about UFOs, and if they posed a security threat to the system created to secretly maintain information about extraterrestrial life and technology.
Even more importantly, another leaked document reveals that Angleton, two days before President Kennedy’s assassination on November 22, 1963, was in possession of a number of secret directives concerning the release of classified UFO information. One of these was a cryptic Assassination Directive that permitted the silencing/termination of public officials that threatened the security and oversight system created for secretly managing extraterrestrial affairs. The Directive states :
Draft - Directive Regarding Project  Environment - When conditions become non-conducive for growth in our  environment and Washington cannot be influenced any further, the weather  is lacking any precipitation … it should be wet.
Dr  Robert Wood who is the foremost expert in analyzing MJ-12 documents  using forensic methods, has concluded that the burned document is an  assassination directive. There is evidence suggesting that the assassination directive was carried out by a secret unit under the control of Angleton’s CIA counterintelligence division against President Kennedy.
Corso’s revelations about briefing Robert Kennedy on UFOs suggests that the Kennedy brothers were sufficiently informed about extraterrestrial life and technology, to pose a direct challenge to those managing extraterrestrial affairs. The ensuing struggle between the Kennedy brothers and the controllers of UFO/extraterrestrial information was a very high stakes affair. While Robert Kennedy may have been involved in the silencing/assassination of Marilyn Monroe over her threats to blow the whistle on the President’s secret visit to see a downed UFO and alien bodies, Robert Kennedy may himself have been ultimately assassinated due to his UFO knowledge. The 1968 assassination of then Senator Robert Kennedy put a final end to the Kennedy brothers efforts to restore direct Presidential control over extraterrestrial life and technology.
