Mat Wilson unravels Richard Nixon
  
This is what John F.Kennedy said about Richard Nixon:
"Mr. Nixon in the last seven days has called me an   economic ignoramus, a Pied Piper, and all the rest. I've just confined myself to calling him a Republican, but he   says that is getting low."
Nixon falsely claimed that the first he heard of Kennedy's death was during a taxi ride in New York City, however, a UPI photo reveals the truth. The photo shows a "shocked" [HIS Dealy Plaza, 'hobo' act] Richard Nixon. Having already learned of Kennedy's assassination upon his arrival at New York's Idlewild Airport --BEFORE his alleged taxi ride, the feigned surprise reaction is clearly a glaring deception. Perhaps, Richard Nixon does not want us to know who picked him up at the airport, who he talked to or what he said, but he doesn't have to lie to us.
Many researchers have linked Richard Nixon to the assassination of John F. Kennedy because his outright lies, the secrecy and his selective amnesia is very telling. For example, as H.R. Haldeman indicates in his book, "The Ends of Power", Watergate was ultimately about a shocking scandal that preceded a simple burglary, and as Haldeman indicates:
In fact, I was puzzled when he [Nixon] told me, 'Tell Ehrlichman this whole group of Cubans [Watergate Burglars] is tied to the Bay of Pigs.' After a pause I said, 'The Bay of Pigs? What does that have to do with the Watergate Burglary?' But Nixon merely said, 'Ehrlichman will know what I mean,' and dropped the subject.
It is now quite clear and obvious that the Watergate burglars were tied to the murder of John F. Kennedy, and Haldeman does not mince words when he says, "It seems that in all of those Nixon references to the Bay of Pigs, he was actually referring to the Kennedy assassination."  
History is one big lie because we fail to expose the truth.
In his memoirs, Nixon said that "the factual truth [about Watergate] could probably never be completely reconstructed, because each of us had become involved in different ways and no one's knowledge at any given time exactly duplicated anyone else's." Richard Nixon was wrong.
High level obstructions of justice within the FBI made the Watergate investigation superficial, but the cover up ultimately exposed the truth. The Kennedy assassination investigation is no different because, having successfully obscurred what Nixon called "the factual truth," high level obstruction of justice within the FBI made the Kennedy assassination investigation an absolute whitewash, and the cover up is the crime. Indeed, the factual truth that Richard Nixon's estate is still trying to block, is no longer in doubt.
History is one big lie, when we fail to expose deception, time has a way of exposing all the factual truths that Richard Nixon thought he had buried.
First and foremost, we need to clearly appreciate the fact that Richard Nixon's greatest shortcoming was not Watergate, but his direct involvement in the domestic, assassination plots of the 1960's.
Indeed, it is a documented, proven fact that Nixon's cronies plotted outright political murder  (Jack Anderson was lucky to survive.) He was scheming to have people beaten up. He associated with mobsters.  Nazi propaganda films were being shown in the White House.  His men schemed  to burglarize Republican headquarters and blame it on the Democrats. They schemed  to plant McGovern campaign literature in the apartment of Art Brehmer, the would-be assassin of George Wallace, and the evidence strongly suggests they probably even schemed to assassinate Ted Kennedy, and after having failed, they blamed the fortunate survivor for the death of unintended victim, Mary Jo Kopechne.
Indeed, Nixon's memoirs are littered with evidence that as far as he was concerned, Chappaquiddick was nothing more than an election issue, it had nothing to do with a tragic murder. To quote Richard Nixon directly:
In the short term, I knew that Chappaquiddick would undermine Kennedy's role as a leader of the opposition to the administration's policies. In the longer term, it would be one of his greatest liabilities if he decided to run for President in 1972.
It was clear that the full story of what had happened that night on Chappaquidick had not come out, [how did he know, did his plan misfire?] and I suspected that the press would not try very hard to uncover it. Therefore I told Ehrlichman to have someone investigate the case for us and get the real facts out. [we all know what that means in Nixon-speak.] "Don't let up on this for a minute," I said. "Just put yourself in their place if something like that happened to us." In fact, our private investigator was unable to turn out anything besides rumors.
Needless to say, the truth was damaging to Richard Nixon, because if it wasn't, he would not have to rely on rumors about Chappaquiddick, for political advantage. The truth is, Nixon feared another Kennedy candidacy and Chappaquiddick was Richard Nixon's failed attempt to assassinate yet another political rival.
Howard Hunt and Frank Sturgis were seen in Martha's Vineyard during the weekend that Mary Jo Kopechne died, and it is therefore safe to assume that the intended victim was in fact, Ted Kennedy. Richard Nixon was right, the entire truth was never exposed. If it was, his Watergate burglars would have been charged with murder, for the collateral death of Mary Jo Kopechne.
In 1980, when Ronald Reagan was asleep on the wheel and Richard Nixon pulled the strings,  the cloak-and-dagger comeback kid claimed the life of John Lennon in a 60's style execution where a well placed patsy took all the blame. It happened with John F. Kennedy, it happened with Martin Luther King, it happened with Robert F. Kennedy, and as long as Richard Nixon was the cloak-and-dagger comeback kid, it happened with John Lennon.
The truth about Richard Nixon is routinely and aggressively distorted to justify every assault against a Democratic Party that is supposed to roll over and play dead, whenever the Conservative media flexes its political muscle.
In 2000, when Republican rioters managed to subvert the fair opportunity to challenge the election and used the Supreme Court to certify a dishonest count, they piously claimed that unlike Al Gore, Richard Nixon had graciously conceded in 1960.
The fact is, despite Nixonian tacticians like Karl Rove, Nixon DID NOT quickly concede the election to Kennedy. In true Nixon style, he was very careful not to put a public imprimatur on the concerted Republican effort to challenge the election results, but Richard Nixon actively encouraged it.
True to Nixon fashion, a conservative journalist and close Nixon friend, Earl Mazo, of the New  York Herald Tribune, launched a press frenzy over possible voter fraud. [Mazo became Nixon's official biographer] and not only did Republican senators like Thruston Morton ask for recounts in 11 states just three days after the election, but Nixon aides Bob Finch and Len Hall personally did field checks of votes in almost a dozen states.
The Republicans obtained recounts, involved U.S. Attorneys and the FBI, and even impaneled grand juries in their quest to get a different election result. A slew of lawsuits were filed by Republicans, and unsuccessful appeals to state election commissions routinely followed.
Indeed, thanks to these overzealous efforts to prove otherwise, the popular claim that Kennedy stole the election in 1960, is absolutely fraudulent, and it is quite ironic that Karl Rove justified stealing election 2000 by claiming that John F. Kennedy did the very same thing in 1960.
We have all heard the popular claim that Sam Giancana won the election for John F. Kennedy, but that proved to be an erroneous conclusion. Sam Giancana may have supported Kennedy's re-election bid, but he did not influence the result. As a matter of fact, in Illonois, the final recount showed that Nixon's votes had been undercounted by 943 -- yet, in 40 percent of the rechecked precincts, it turned out that Nixon's vote had been overcounted. (Contrast this with Gore, whose vote total steadily climbed during the Florida recount.) Unhappy with the results, Republicans went to federal court, where their case was dismissed. They then appealed to the State Board of Elections, which also rejected their claims. It was not until Dec. 19 -- over a month after the election -- that the national Republican Party backed off its Illinois claims.
Similar results, and extended fights, took place in Texas and New Jersey among other states. In Hawaii, Republican efforts had the unintended result of reversing the state's electoral votes from Nixon to Kennedy.
Officially speaking, Richard Nixon removed himself from the fray, but he always had his hand on the trigger, and the suggestion that he conceded graciously in 1960 is pure misrepresentation.
The mainstream media occasionally paints a fair portrait of Richard Nixon. When the New York Times periodically exposes the fact that Nixon was somewhat "crazy" -- immensely intelligent, well organized and experienced, but at moments of stress or personal challenge unpredictable and capable of the bloodiest brutality" it exposes the genuine truth, but the fact that Richard Nixon was essentially a cold-hearted butcher who was capable of anything, has not been given the due it deserves. Clearly, it is utter madness to suggest that it is possible to understand anything about Richard Nixon if we ignore the fact that he consistently climbed over the dead bodies of his enemies, and it is time to unravel what Nixon called factual uncertainty, because his conclusion was based on a profound misunderstanding regarding the power of a reasonable, historical assessment.
It is not possible to make sense of Richard Nixon's life and to simultaneously ignore the fact that the Kennedys were always the target of the manevolent conspiracies he enthusiastically embraced. In the Watergate tapes of March 13, 1973, between 12:42 and 2pm, John Dean made a cryptic half-comment about Ted Kennedy's involvement in the accident at Chappaquidick, saying, "If Kennedy knew the bear trap he was walking into--"
What "bear trap" was Ted walking into? What did John Dean know, and when did he know it?
There are all kinds of hints about all kinds of treacherous operations that Nixon routinely engaged in a covert manner, but the crime that he was most heavily involved in, is the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
What is quite clear, despite all the secrecy and the deliberate amnesia, is that Richard Nixon was in the thick of every aspect of the Kennedy assassination, from foreknowledge [he fled the crime scene just before the assassination] to the silly deceptions of his criminal cohorts, Frank Sturgis and Howard Hunt, to the dealmaking with Kingmaker, J.Edgar Hoover, Richard Nixon did not miss a beat. Everything was planned, staged, rehearsed and delivered in a manner that left nothing to chance.
Indeed, when Kennedy was murdered in 1963, Nixon did not oppose Johnson's political candidacy because Kingmaker Hoover called the shots, and feigned "continuity" with the Kennedy administration demanded a single, viable political candidate -Lyndon Johnson. If the obsession to cover up the Kennedy assassination did not dominate, Nixon would have opposed Johnson in 1964 and would have campaigned on the fear-mongering claim that Kennedy was soft on Communism. After all, despite Richard Nixon's persistent demands, John F. Kennedy refused to invade Cuba, and that is the only "pretense" that Nixon needed, to oppose Johnson in 1964, unless of course, the facts that we are not supposed to know about, are carefully considered.
Secrecy and deception distorts history and the need to determine the truth demands an objective, impartial and thorough analysis. In particular, it is folly to ignore the deception behind the assassination of Nixon's arch rival, John F. Kennedy.
Frank Sturgis, Howard Hunt and Richard Nixon had a huge steak in the assassination of John F. Kennedy, and that is why they were in Dallas during, before and after the Kennedy assassination [their combined effort in terms of off-site and on-site involvement is well recorded] and while they may not remember exactly where they were when Kennedy was shot, they did not have to because they were arrested in Dealy Plaza.
Not surprisingly, in 1976, Frank Sturgis claimed that the assassination of John F. Kennedy had been organized by Fidel Castro and Che Guevara. Like J. Edgar Hoover and Richard Nixon, who instantly [November 22nd, 1963] claimed that Lee Harvey Oswald, the Communist, was responsible for the assassination of John F. Kennedy, the telling diversions of Kenedy assassination co-conspirators and cover up artists speak for themselves.
Hunt had been a CIA employee in 1963, Sturgis, was not a CIA employee, but he had been involved in CIA-related activities, but as Watergate has aptly demonstrated, they were essentially "independent contractors" who worked with like-minded fanatics like Richard Nixon, they did not have a legitimate, official capacity. Richard Nixon's close association with J.Edgar Hoover was also an unofficial capacity that made it difficult to unravel all the secrecy and deception that is responsible for giving them the opportunity to get away with all the planning, the execution and the plot to cover up the truth about the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
Howard Hunt's longterm connection to Frank Sturgis and Richard Nixon reflects the motley crew of Kennedy assassination co-conspirators who are repeatedly called suspects because there is good reason to be suspicious. Indeed, their subsequent, "Watergate" involvement provides a good insight into the scope and the nature of their operations, and as history betrays their consistent modus operandi, the fact that Howard Hunt and Frank Sturgis were escorted through Dealey Plaza by Dallas police officers, on November 22nd, 1963, provides clear and convincing evidence about their involvement in the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Like Richard Nixon, they were both front row, active participants in the plot to neutralize the Kennedy agenda, and the impatient firing squad executed the primary target when all the ducks were in a row [over the obsession to prosecute the Vietnam war].
It is difficult to trace these assassins but it is not impossible, despite the fact that Howard Hunt thinks that he is a real operational genius because he was off-site when he coordinated the physical break-in to the Democratic national party headquarters office at the Watergate hotel. They all tried to cover their tracks, but who can possibly imagine allowing the Kennedy assassination to go forward, without the enthusiastic support of Nixon cronies like Frank Sturgis and Howard Hunt? It is simply "un-patriotic" to suggest that they were not in the thick of the plot to assassinate the President, and if they did not fear criminal prosecution, they would have actively bragged about their contribution. Indeed, when  Fidel Castro gained control of Cuba, Sturgis formed the Anti-Communist Brigade, and his gun-runnig activity in Cuba was a part of the initial activity that eventually morphed into the obsession to murder Kennedy because he was deemed to be soft on Communism. In particular, when President Kennedy began to talk about Vietnam in terms of being a civil war rather than a vital, American, the use of deadly force, to settle issues that were considered to be military rather than political, was not even an issue, hense the need to assassinate President John F. Kennedy was not seriously challenged.
These three men were directly involved in the assassination of John F. Kennedy. The attractive, no-nonsence, GQ model-lookalike is Charles Harrelson the contract killer who looked out of place, in the company of the shabbily dressed, imposter hobos, Frank Sturgis and Howard Hunt.
The disjointed picture of Frank Sturgis, Howard Hunt and Charles Harrelson is quite comical.  As Howard grimaces and Sturgis sports his shabby pants, the carefree, catwalk strutting Harrelson stands in stark contrast, probably because the independent contractor did not care to act or dress like a hobo imposter.
Charles Harrelson, the third tramp, was a contract killer and according to Jack Anderson, whom Nixon tried to have killed, he was involved in the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Harrelson is believed to be one of the gunmen behind the picket fence on the Grassy Knoll. Harrelson was one of the three tramps arrested in Dealey Plaza on 22nd November, 1963, along with Frank Sturgis and Howard Hunt. In 1992, the Dallas Police Department claimed that the three tramps were Gus Abrams, John F. Gedney and Harold Doyle, but the photographic evidence proves otherwise.
In 1968 Harrelson was convicted of the murder of businessman, Sam Degelia, in a contract killing in South Texas. After serving time he was released, and in 1979 Harrelson was paid $250,000 by drug dealers to assassinate Federal Judge John H. Wood. On 29th May, 1979, Wood was shot dead, the first federal judge to be murdered in the 20th century.
When he was arrested for murdering a federal judge he confessed to being one of the gunmen who shot at President John F. Kennedy. He later withdrew this confession, but the admission is more credible than the denial. He received two life sentences for the murder of Wood in a criminal investigation which proved to be more expensive than the investigation in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
In 1995 Harrelson attempted to break out of Atlanta Federal Prison. He was recaptured and moved to Florence Administrative Maximum Penitentiary in Colorado.
Charles Harrelson is also a former Jack Ruby Strip Bar Bouncer, and if that doesn't push all the skeptics over the fence, nothing ever will. In retrospect, if Jack Ruby could not rely on the man who committed paid murders for the mob, it is because Charles Harrelson had met his quota for November, 1963.
Chuck Cook, a reporter for the Dallas morning news interviewed Harrelson on the judge Wood case and subsequently asked him about his claims of murdering the President. Cook said that Harrelson ‘got this sly little grin on his face, Harrelson is very intelligent and has a way of not answering when it suits him.’ At a later interview Cook brought the subject up again and at that point Harrelson became very serious, Cook quoted Harrelson as saying "Listen, if and when I get out of here (prison) and feel free to talk, I will have something that will be the biggest story you ever had" and added "November 22, 1963. You remember that!". Most of the time, when Harrelson has been questioned with regard to the assassination he has emphatically denied it, but Cook showed the photos of the three tramps to Harrison’s wife Jo Ann Harrelson who was "amazed at the similarities." Indeed, even aging has not affected the resemblance.
It is not really certain whether Harrelson was successful in his mission to kill the President. He could have fired the shot that missed. What is absolutely certain is that he was with Howard Hunt and Frank Sturgis at the scene of the crime, that Nixon was evidently an off-site operative and 'Watergate' is merely an act that includes many crimes, including the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
The battle between Nixon loyalists and Nixon targets is still a huge factor in American politics. When Bill Clinton was elected President, Nixon loyalists adopted the mantra "if the press can impeach Nixon, the press can impeach Clinton" and they stuck to it, to provoke the greatest constitutional crisis since Watergate. Nobody blamed the media because former Nixon spies like Lucianne Goldberg are no longer called spies, they are called "the media", and the phony distinction between the "Liberal" media and the "Conservative" media has become a license to distort the truth without the need to act like a treacherous spy. Why pretend to be a journalist to spy on your opponent, when you can call yourself a "Conservative journalist" and lie about your opponent with impunity?
In actual fact the media should not be "Liberal" or "Conservative", it should be reliable, but when Richard Nixon was forced to resign, he blamed the liberal media for his predicament and he spent the rest of his life cultivating the power to do the same to his enemies.
The climax of the plot to impeach President Clinton was April 1, 1998, when Dick Morris foamed around the mouth on national television and vehemently condemned what he called, the "Nixonian creep that we have seen in the Clinton White House." Dick Morris called himself a journalist, but in fact, he was acting like Lucianne Goldberg who had pretended to be a journalist in the 1970's, because she was trying to gain political advantage for Richard Nixon.
Moreover, the very same money that was responsible for backing Richard Nixon in the 1970's was responsible for attacking Bill Clinton, and a memo dated May 12, 1971, from Charles Colson to H. R. Haldeman, identified the long-standing, finanial, Scaife/Nixon relationship. According to the memo: "...Dick Scaife is feeling very down on the administration at the moment. Inasmuch as Scaife has been one of our biggest financial backers, I think we need to consider perhaps some unusual steps to rebuild relationships."
Thankfully, Richard Nixon's financial backers did not make him President of the United States, in 1960, because he would have probably invaded Cuba and triggered a nuclear war with the Soviet Union, in the process. As a matter of fact, that is exactly what Richard Nixon advised Kennedy to do. In his own words, speaking to Kennedy about Cuba, Richard Nixon said, "I would find a proper legal cover and I would go in. There are several justifications that could be used, like protecting American citizens living in Cuba and defending our base at Guatanamo. I believe that the most important thing at this point is that we do whatever is necessary to get Castro and communism out of Cuba." Fortunately, John F. Kennedy was the President of the United States, in 1960.
Unfortunately for the President however, Richard Nixon and Lyndon Johnson were reading from the same page, regarding the obsession to prosecute the Vietnam war, and that became absolutely clear when Richard Nixon did not challenge Johnson's political candidacy in 1964. In other words, while Lyndon Johnson publicly promised to maintain the Kennedy agenda, he had privately reached a secret deal which Nixon, and that was the real, credibility gap of the Johnson White House. Needless to say, Nixon did not oppose Lyndon Johnson in 1964 because his choices were determined by the "politics" of the Kennedy assassination. Everybody who had a hand in the plot to assassinate Kennedy had his role defined for him, Richard Nixon did not have unilateral authority over a diverse, group efort. If that were the case, he would have opposed Lyndon Johnson's political candidacy in 1964, but he did not.
 
Case Closed: Charles V. Harrelson was found Dead in his cell of "natural causes" on March 15, 2007, just days after E. Howard Hunt confessed to being one of the three tramps photographed in Dealey Plaza. Harrelson reportedly died very suddenly, in his sleep, giving those who are so inclined, the opportunity to deny the obvious.
According to California Private Investigator, Paul Kangas, and he is one of the best, FBI documents prove that Jack Ruby had been an employee of Richard Nixon since 1947. Jack Ruby was allegedly listed as working as a spy & hit man for Nixon. On November 22, 1963 Ruby was seen by a women who knew him well, Julian Ann Mercer, approximately an hour before the arrival of JFK's motorcade, unloading a man carrying a rifle in a case at the Grassy Knoll from his car. Ruby was later seen on national TV killing a witness who could link Nixon and Johnson to the killing of JFK. Richard Nixon was Vice President from 1952 until 1960 and is credited with planning Operation 40, the secret 1961 invasion of Cuba. The glove fits.
