Posted 30 March 2004 - 08:14 AM
David Simkin, on Mar 28 2004, 08:56 AM, said:
For what it's worth, I personally believe that Lee Harvey Oswald was the assassin and acted alone. The Warren Commission's investigations were flawed and the verdict rushed, but essentially I think the Commission's basic findings were correct when it concluded that Kennedy was murdered by a single gunman, Lee Harvey Oswald, and that he worked alone in the assassination. To return to the phrase I mentioned earlier, Oswald had the “motive, means, and opportunity”. Despite Oswald's muddled involvement in politics, I beleve that his motivation and actions can be explained by psychology [ see James W. Clarke, American Assassins: The Darker Side of Politics (1982) ] Given the evidence that is available, Oswald also had the "means" and the "opportunity".
Although we share the same parents we completely disagree about the assassination of John F. Kennedy. (In fact it is one of the few things that we do disagree about). There are several reasons why Lee Harvey Oswald could not have been the only gunman involved in the assassination of Kennedy. In fact, I think it is highly unlikely that he fired any shots at all from the Texas Book Depository.
Let us assume for a moment that Oswald did decide to kill Kennedy. If so he needed a motive. As he said after being charged with the murder, what was the point of killing Kennedy, for he would only be replaced by a more right-wing president. It is argued that Oswald was paid to kill Kennedy by some group (Texas oil industry/Mafia, etc.) who wanted Johnson to become president. But Oswald would have been the last person to be employed for such a task (given his lack of ability as a marksman). Nor would the task have been carried out using a Mannlicher-Carcano rifle. Nor does his behaviour before the killing suggest that he was a professional hitman.
In Texas in 1963 it was possible to buy a gun in a shop without showing any means of identification. Instead Oswald buys the the Mannlicher-Carcano rifle by mail-order using the name A. Hiddell. When he was arrested, the police found that Oswald was carrying a forged identity card bearing the name Alek Hiddell. The rifle had been sent by the mail order company from Chicago to P.O. Box 2915, Dallas, Texas. The Post Office box belonged to Oswald.
This is hardly the actions of a professional hitman. According to the Warren Commission Oswald behaved in this way because he wanted to be caught (there is probably no other explanation for this behaviour unless you believe, as I do, that he was being set-up to take the rap for the assassination). That is, Oswald wanted to be included in the history books as the man who killed Kennedy. If that is the case, why is it that when he is arrested, he denies all involvement in the killing and instead claims he is a patsy.
Even if we ignore this information and continue to believe that Oswald was determined to kill Kennedy. Does his behaviour make sense in the Texas Book Depository on the 22nd November, 1963?
As Harold Weisberg points out in his book Whitewash (1965).
”When the motorcade turned toward the Depository Building on Houston Street, for several hundred feet there was a completely unobstructed view of it from the sixth-floor window. The police photographs and the forgotten Secret Service reconstruction of 1963 also show this. There was not a twig between the window and the President. There were no curves in that street, no tricky shooting angles. If all the shots came from this window, and the assassin was as cool and collected as the Report represents, why did he not shoot at the easiest and by far the best target? Why did he wait until his target was so difficult that the country's best shots could not duplicate his feat?”
If Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone gunman, why did he wait until the motorcade had reached Elm Street before opening fire? As Weisberg points out, Houston Street provides a clear view whereas from the sixth floor of the Texas Book Depository the first part of Elm Street was obscured by a tree. That is why the gunman had to leave it so late before opening fire.
The obvious reason is that gunmen in more than one position were involved in the assassination. In other words, he had to wait until Elm Street so that a gunman in the Grassy Knoll area was in a position to hit his target. If the gunman on the sixth floor of the Texas Book Depository had opened fire when the car was in Houston Street, the reactions of William Greer, driving Kennedy’s car, would have been such that the gunman at the Grassy Knoll would have stood no chance of hitting his target.
See David Simkin’s drawing of the Dealey Plaza in November, 1963.
http://www.spartacus....uk/JFKmapL.htm
Here are just a few other pieces of evidence that suggest that Lee Harvey Oswald was unlikely to have been a lone gunman.
(1) The Mannlicher-Carcano rifle that the gunman used underwent several tests between 1963 and 1979. Despite using expert marksmen it was impossible to recreate the accuracy and timing achieved by the gunman in the Texas School Book building.
(2) The Mannlicher-Carcano rifle had a bad reputation for accuracy and was unlikely to be the weapon chosen by someone attempting to hit a moving target.
(3) Bullets fired from a Mannlicher-Carcano have low velocity/penetration power.
(4) The police tapes discovered in 1978 clearly show that four bullets were fired. The second was fired 1.66 seconds after the first bullet. The fourth bullet was fired .81 seconds after the third bullet. It was impossible for one gunman to have fired all four bullets.
(5) The majority of scientific experts who have looked into the casebelieve that Kennedy’s head wound was caused by a shot from the front.
(6) The so-called “magic bullet” went through Kennedy’s neck before hitting the fifth rib, right wrist and left thigh. Tests were carried out with the gun and ammunition used by the gunman in the Texas Book Depository. This included the firing of a bullet into the wrist of a corpse. These tests showed that it would have been impossible for the “magic bullet” to have created these wounds and remained in the condition that it was in when found on the stretcher in Parkland Hospital.
(7) There were a large number of witnesses who immediately after the assassination of Kennedy came forward to provide evidence that a gun was being fired by someone standing behind the fence on the Grassy Knoll. This included Jean Hill and Mary Moorman, the two people standing nearest the car when the fatal shot was fired. It also included the two police motorcyclists closest to the car. All this evidence was ignored by the Warren Commission.
