 
 
Alot of people had motives to kill President Kennedy,   some base, some noble. The key to uncovering the cover-up is to ask not   who could have wanted Kennedy dead or chase ghosts (railroad bums, etc.).   The key is to ask, who could have covered it up?
 
The amazing fact is that the cover-up is still ongoing.   Ask yourself, could the mafia, a bunch of crazy Cubans, or a foreign government   have covered this up for so long? No, this was covered up by very powerful   insiders not only in government but in the media as well.
 
 
Many years I was privileged to be one of the first non-government   investigators to see the Zapruder film. This was over-dubbed with the voice   of John Chancellor of NBC News describing the footage. Without going into   the gory details, suffice it to say Mr. Chancellor's narration very nearly   described the opposite of what I saw in the film. This was my first clue   to the extent of the cover-up.
 
 
I was in high school when President Kennedy was assassinated   and I was totally devastated as were so many others. I read every conspiracy   book to come out in the years afterward hoping to figure out who was behind   the atrocity. Most of those books described the forensic evidence and theories   about motives. Those books were just backround.
 
 
The key is the cover-up. The cover-up began in earnest   with the report of the Warren Commission. Since the Warren Report would   be critical in establishing the basis of the cover-up it is likely that   the members had foreknowledge of the coup. This was their motive for participation   in the cover-up. They were in on the plan. Just as the mafia commission   used to approve the assasination of a Don, the Warren Commission must have   approved the assassination they would later cover-up. But why? Wait. First   ask who brought them together.
 
 
It was Lyndon Johson, the man whose Kennedy's death made   President of the United States. Why would Johnson, a powerful politician   in his own right chance murdering the man he wanted to succeed? Why not   simply wait for Kenndy'd presidency to conclude?
 
 
Johnson had been Majority Leader of the Senate. He was   the most powerful man in Washington after the President himself even while   Eisenhower was President. As the protege of Sam Rayburn, the powerful House   Speaker, Johnson became the most powerful Majority Leader in Senate history.   Few doubted he would become the first southern President since the civil   war. Yet these were the days of civil rights. With dogs and firehoses turned   on negro demonstrators across the South others thought it nearly impossible   for a southerner to be elected President.
 
 
Enter JFK. It is today widely known that Joe Kennedy   used his mob contacts to induce Mayor Daley of Chicago to help him steal   the election in Cook County and thus in Illinois. Johnson played this role   in Texas where he managed to steal enough votes (in part, through the use   of illegal alien votes) to deliver the state to Kennedy. This was Kennedy's   price for offering the vice-presidency to Johnson.
 
 
So when they were elected, Johnson expected some sense   of obligation from Kennedy. His hopes were dashed however, by Robert Kennedy's   snobbish ill-will. At the time there was a comedy revue led by Vaughn Meader   who mercilessly lampooned the Vice-President, some said with Robert Kennedy's   back door participation. Rumors were rife that Robert Kennedy was being   groomed to succeed his brother, ending Johnson's political career. It was   even floated that Johnson would be dropped from the ticket in 1964. Johnson   was incensed. He made his hatred for the Kennedys known to many in Washington,   another subject for humor. It might be surmised that his only hope for   achieving the presidency was Kennedy's premature death before the election   campaign of 1964.
 
 
As the second most powerful man in Washington, one who   had been there since the early days of the New Deal, Johnson knew where   all the bodies were buried. He brought all of Kennedy's enemys together   for his plot. Not the least of these were right-wing elitists, John Birchers   who worried about Kennedy's 'deal' with Kruschev not to invade Cuba. Not   since Monroe had any U.S. president allowed any foreign power to increase   its influence in the Western Hemisphere. Indeed, just the opposite. Every   president had done his utmost to oust all European powers from the Americas.   So when Kennedy permitted, even sanctioned a permanent base for the most   hostile foreign power to be established only 90 miles from our coast, they   were alarmed.
 
 
Many (not all right-wingers) were also alarmed by the   President naming his own brother to be Attorney General, something unprecedented   in U.S. history. Kennedy also threatened to nationalize the steel industry   along the lines of Truman's conscription of the coal miners during the   Korean War. There was good reason to fear (at the time) that Kennedy would   impose socialism in the U.S..
 
 
There were alot of people and many groups who feared   and loathed the Kennedy's. JFK was widely regarded as having stolen the   election of 1960. His sexual escapades and drug usage branded him as reckless.   He even entertained a female East German spy in the White house! As a popular   president, ala Bill Clinton, many believed he was too dangerous to be allowed   to be reelected and to establish a Kennedy dynasty in the White House.   As a master politician himself, Johnson knew all this. He brought all the   members of the conspiracy together and together they have kept it covered   up for all these many years.
 
