Tweet
(Robert Morrow) Lyndon Johnson made a dirty deal with CIA Republicans to murder John   Kennedy in the 1963 Coup d’Etat. (People like Clint Murchison Sr., H.L.   Hunt, Nelson Rockefeller, David Rockefeller, top Nelson Rockefeller  aide  Henry Kissinger, George Herbert Walker Bush and Gen. Edward  Lansdale  all are excellent candidates for elite sponsorship.) Lyndon  Johnson and  Allen Dulles may very well have been co-CEOs of the JFK  assassination;  with the CIA in charge of the killing of JFK, and Lyndon  Johnson and  (his close friend and neighbor of 19 years in Washington,  DC) FBI  director J. Edgar Hoover in charge of the cover up.
Clint Murchison, Sr – more so than even H.L. Hunt – was a key player  in  the JFK assassination because of his close ties to the inner core of  US  intelligence (Allen Dulles, Nelson Rockefeller, John J. McCloy),  close  ties to Lyndon Johnson and J. Edgar Hoover of the FBI, bankers   Rockefellers; Murchison was even friends with key Kennedy-hater mafia   godfather Carlos Marcellos of New Orleans. Not only that, Murchison, Sr.   was a patient and partner of Dr. Alton Oschner, the former president  of  the American Cancer Society and who ran covert cancer research for  the  CIA. Oschner, likewise was a Kennedy-hater. John Simkin: “One of   Ochsner’s friends described him as being ‘like a fundamentalist preacher   in the sense that the fight against communism was the only subject  that  he would talk about, or even allow you to talk about, in his   presence.’”
When JFK was slaughtered, Russia’s Khrushchev was literally crying,   fearing nuclear war. Cuba’s Castro feared a US invasion and gave an   impressive speech the next day deconstructing the CIA’s deception   provocation for war. Meanwhile at Clint Murchison’s home, the family   maid May Newman describes the scene: “The mood in the Murchison family   home was very joyous and happy. For a whole week after like champagne   and caviar flowed, every day of the week. But I was the only one in that   household at that time that uh felt any grief for his assassination.”
The Warren Commission should have really been called the “Allen  Dulles  Commission” because he controlled it and made it the farce that  it was.  Dulles was probably an elite sponsor (i.e. murderer), as well  as  certainly Lyndon Johnson. The 3 hardcore cover up artists on the  Warren  Commission were the 3 Council on Foreign Relations members:  Allen Dulles  (president CFR 1946-50), John J. McCloy (then chairman of  the CFR  1953-1970) and Gerald Ford (CFR member, later president). John  J. McCloy  was a Rockefeller man, former head of Chase Manhattan bank,  and very  deep US intelligence since the OSS days. John J. McCloy’s  nickname was  “Chairman of the American Establishment,” and he mixed at  the highest  levels of business, intelligence and he was close to the  Kennedy-hating  Texas business elite. Cover up artist Gerald Ford was  secretly reporting  to Hoover and the FBI what the Warren Commission was  doing. In 1970,  Newsweek called Gerald Ford “the CIA’s man” in  Congress. The CFR  especially 40 years ago, was heavily Rockefeller  influenced and it top  players were deep CIA.
The CIA has been called the military wing of the CFR; and actually  that  is not too far from the truth. The CFR was in its heyday from  1950-1990.
Here is an absolutely spectacular article why the National Security State murdered John Kennedy: http://www.lewrockwell.com/orig10/marshall10.1.html John Kennedy was despised by and did not control his CIA nor his Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Lyndon Johnson’s reasons to murder were out of his deep desperation  and  fear of what would become of him after his imminent expulsion from  the  1964 Democratic ticket and his fears of going to jail over the  exploding  Bobby Baker scandal. LIFE magazine, being fed extremely  damaging info  by Robert Kennedy, was set to run an expose on Lyndon  Johnson’s  corruption that would blow him out of the water once and for  all (Dec.  6th issue, but due to be printed and mailed on 11/29/63:  source James  Wagenvoord who worked at LIFE then). Bobby Baker was the  protégé of a  wildly corrupt LBJ in the Senate; Lyndon Johnson was like  both a dad and  a big brother to Bobby Baker (who named two of his  children after LBJ:  Lynda and Lyndon). Both Lyndon Johnson and Bobby  Baker were receiving  tremendous amounts of under-the-table money while  Johnson was running  the Senate. The Kennedys and LIFE Magazine were  literally days away from  politically executing Lyndon Johnson with the  rope of the unraveling  Bobby Baker scandal. After vaporizing the  despised Lyndon Johnson, John  Kennedy was going to replace LBJ most  likely with Terry Sanford of North  Carolina or possibly his good friend  George Smathers of Florida as VP  on the 1964 Democratic ticket.
The Kennedys and Lyndon Johnson were having a sub rosa fight: Jack  and  Robert Kennedy brought knives to the battle and Lyndon Johnson  brought  guns and it was settled on 11/22/63 at 12:30 PM in Dallas.
Lately, I have been studying the role of McGeorge Bundy, the National Security Advisor for JFK and Henry Cabot Lodge, JFK’s insubordinate   ambassador to Vietnam who Kennedy was planning to fire on Monday,   11/25/63. It is probable that both McGeorge Bundy and Henry Cabot Lodge   were involved some way with the JFK assassination. McGeorge Bundy,   astonishingly, was already drafting sharp escalations to JFK’s Vietnam   policy NSAM 273 (which JFK would not have approved) on 11/21/63, the   night before the 1963 Coup d’Etat! Bundy later ran the Ford Foundation   from 1966-1979.
JFK’s Secretary of State, Dean Rusk, who ran the Rockefeller  Foundation  from 1952-1961, and was also a hawk on Vietnam, is another  one who  merits close scrutiny in the Coup of 1963. Kennedy had  appointed Rusk  because it was unlikely that the Senate would confirm  JFK’s first choice  J. William Fulbright, who later became a prominent  opponent of the  Vietnam War. After the 1963 Coup d’Etat, Rusk lasted  through all the  blood and guts of Vietnam and all the way through Jan.,  1969, as  Johnson’s Secretary of State. Walt Rostow (CFR), another  Vietnam hawk,  replaced McGeorge Bundy (CFR) as National Security  Advisor in 1966. The  CFR and the Rockefellers, not John Kennedy, lusted  for the Vietnam War.
The midlevel murderers (field operations) of JFK would include CIA  guys  like Richard Helms, James Angleton, E. Howard Hunt, Frank Sturgis,  David  Morales, William King Harvey and David Atlee Phillips. Deputy  Harry  Weatherford is a good candidate to have been on the Records  Building as a  sniper. Influential mobster Johnny Roselli was especially  close friends  with the CIA’s William King Harvey, a rabid Kennedy  hater. The most  likely mafia godfathers involved would be Carlos  Marcello and Santos  Trafficante, particularly in the Jack Ruby murder  of Oswald and perhaps  in the JFK Assassination as well and other  murders in the post  assassination cover up.
We now know Lyndon Johnson was far worse than he is presented in  current  biographies. Far beyond ballot stuffing, bribery, massive   under-the-table kickbacks, and being a consummate and pathological liar,   Lyndon Johnson was murdering a lot of people in Texas to cover up his   eye popping corruption. A prime example is the murder of US  agricultural  official Henry Marshall in June, 1961, and who then Vice  President  Lyndon Johnson arranged to have murdered. In the 1980’s,  Billie Sol  Estes, a close and corrupt partner of LBJ, began confessing  to the  murders that he, Lyndon Johnson, Cliff Carter and LBJ’s personal  hit man  Malcolm Wallace committed. Lyndon Johnson, a manic depressive –  and at  times a barely functioning psychopath – murdered perhaps 10-20  people to  avoid exposure before he got his knife wet with John  Kennedy’s blood.
My current thinking on US intelligence agent Lee Harvey Oswald is  that  he was indeed involved in the JFK assassination, but he was a  patsy who  shot NO ONE that day, neither John Kennedy nor Officer J.D.  Tippit. Both  murders were complete frame jobs. Oswald was a fake  defector to Russia  and his behavior in New Orleans 1963 was all about  Oswald’s sheep  dipping as he passed out pro-Castro flyers and pretended  to be a  “pro-Castro Marxist.” Meanwhile Oswald was working in concert  in New  Orleans with folks like David Ferrie and Guy Bannister whose  politics  were the equivalent of a 1960’s Strom Thurmond or Jesse Helms.  Oswald’s  fake public persona as a “pro-Casto Marxist” meant that he  was an ideal  pick as a patsy and his likely knowledge of and/or  participation in the  JFK Assassination meant that he had to be murdered  quickly. The folks  who killed Oswald wanted a “dead Red” not a  “talking head.” The JFK  assassination was a deception provocation  intended to facilitate a US  military invasion of Cuba. It was that bad  and ugly. A US invasion of  Cuba might have provoked a broader war with  Russia and from the point of  view of some like Air Force General Curtis  LeMay that was fine because,  astoundingly, he wanted to wage and “win”  a nuclear WWIII. Curtis LeMay hated Kennedy so much that a child could  have recruited him into a plot  to kill Kennedy. LeMay told Kennedy  during the Cuban Missile Crisis  that he was an appeaser equivalent to  Neville Chamberlain for not  bombing Cuba.
That was the pool of sharks John Kennedy was swimming in: a desperate   and psychopathic serial killer Vice-President Lyndon Johnson who was   literally murdering a string of people down in Texas and who was waging a   sub rosa war with the Kennedys, an out-of-control CIA hell bent on a   coup; an FBI director Hoover who detested JFK and who was close friends   with LBJ, and a JCS military brass who wanted to invade Cuba, wage the   war in Vietnam, and Curtis Lemay who, according to Robert McNamara,   wanted to wage full scale nuclear war with Russia, giving them the   “Sunday punch” while the USA still had first strike capability. Add to   that the white hot mafia hatred that Robert Kennedy was engendering with   his prosecutions. This same mafia had been working hand in glove with   their friends the CIA to take out Castro in Cuba. Think of these  enemies  of JFK as fasces: “a bundle of wooden sticks with an axe blade  emerging  from the center, which is an image that traditionally  symbolizes  summary power and jurisdiction, and/or strength through  unity.”
The elite domestic murderers of JFK did it for many reasons, both   personal and ideological. At the core it was Lyndon Johnson, the CIA,   and the shadow government of Texas oil barons and the Rockefellers. It   was not either/or the Western “Cowboys” or the Eastern “Yankees” who   murdered John Kennedy: it was the elites of both.
I am always willing to learn and I am always willing to change my  mind.  Two excellent books to read on the JFK assassination are 1) LBJ:   Mastermind of JFK’s Assassination (2010) by Phillip Nelson http://www.lbj-themastermind.com/ / and 2) JFK and the Unspeakable: Why He Died and Why it Matters (2008) by James Douglass. Review: http://www.ctka.net/2008/jfk_unspeakable.html Another important review of Douglass: http://bigpeace.com/dladams/2010/12/18/so-alone-jfk-and-the-unspeakable/
Richard Nixon knew the dirty truth about the JFK assassination, but I  do  not think he was directly involved. In fact, when Nixon was under   intense Watergate pressure, his firewall strategy as recorded on the   “smoking gun tape” was to ominously say don’t investigate me because it   you do “the President believes that this is going to open up the whole   Bay of Pigs thing again” – an obvious reference to the JFK   assassination. Nixon’s aide Dean Burch said that when George Herbert   Walker Bush heard that “He broke out in assholes and shit himself to   death.”
Without a doubt, top honors for being biggest source for  disinformation  on the Coup of 1963 has been the NY Times whose  reporting on the JFK  assassination has been the equivalent of 1950’s  Soviet style propaganda,  i.e. completely fraudulent and parroting the  1960’s fantastic whoppers  of LBJ, FBI, CIA and the Warren Commission.  CBS News, ABC News, the  Washington Post and the former LIFE magazine  and CIA assets in other  major media have been equally bad. LIFE  Magazine actually bought the  rights to the Zapruder film early on and  never showed it once to the  American people in video form., which would  have revealed the  incriminating “back and to the left” head snap of  John Kennedy, all but  proving a kill shot from the Grassy Knoll (grassy  knoll shooting area  being an extremely close 33 yards away from JFK).  Finally, when American  hero Robert Groden showed the Zapruder film on  Geraldo on ABC in 1975,  millions of Americans knew without a doubt what  a sham the Warren  Commission was.
A special word about the Council on Foreign Relations role in the  1963  Coup d’Etat and cover up: no other organization has been more   responsible for the murder and cover up of John Kennedy than the CFR.   Elite CFR members such as Allen Dulles, Nelson Rockefeller and George   Herbert Walker Bush were probably sponsors of the JFK assassination.   Certainly leadership CFR members such as Allen Dulles, John J. McCloy,   and Gerald Ford played the most critical roles in the Warren Commission   farce. Add in cover up roles played by Nelson Rockefeller (CFR), Henry   Kissinger (CFR), McGeorge Bundy (CFR), Nicholas Katzenbach (CFR), Jack   Valenti (CFR), Bill Moyers (CFR), William Coleman (CFR) James Reston NY   Times (CFR), Anthony Lewis NY Times (CFR), Dan Rather CBS (CFR), Peter   Jennings (CFR), Daniel Schorr (CFR), Kenneth Gilmore Readers’ Digest   (CFR), Stephen Rosenfeld Washington Post (CFR), Bobbie Ray Inman (CFR), …   the list is almost endless. Note two things: 1) they are the key   establishment players of BOTH major political parties spanning decades   2) their power and influence is directly proportional to the fantastic   whoppers they tell about in the 1963 Coup d’Etat. For the older CFR   members it is a case of PARTICIPATION and COVER UP in the JFK   assassination. For the younger ones such as George Will (CFR), Charles   Krauthammer (CFR), David Gergen (CFR), John Segenthaler (CFR), Michael   Beschloss (CFR) it is a case of WILLFUL IGNORANCE as they still push the   Big Lie. Note: Chris Matthews of Hardball, another willfully ignorant   man, is close friends with Richard Haass, current president of CFR. I   have never seen the highly acclaimed political guru Michael Barone, and   Bilderberger attendee, ever say anything credible on the JFK   assassination.
Question: do we really expect the CFR to admit that some of its elite   members slaughtered John Kennedy and many more played integral roles  in  the cover up? No, but it is important to highlight that the Council  on  Foreign Relations has stunk up the place with tremendous amounts of   radioactive horse manure relating to the 1963 Coup d’Etat.
The Discovery Channel has put out some incredibly bogus, poorly done   disinfo presentations such as Inside the Target Car. Any MSM site that   features Vincent Bugliosi, Gerald Posner, especially Hugh Aynesworth,   Gus Russo, Dale Meyers, Dave Perry or Gary Mack prominently and   positively is giving you counterfeit money. If you google “JFK   assassination” the first 2 links that come up are lone nutter controlled   disinfo sites: 1) Wikipedia 2) John McAdam’s site. John McAdams is a   very lowly regarded man who basically controls JFK related content on   Wikipedia as well as his own site. Both Wikipedia and the NY Times are   both tremendously dishonest sources for information relating to the 1963   Coup d’Etat. Finally, another major source of disinformation on the   Coup of 1963 is the Sixth Floor Museum in Dallas, which blithely   recycles the shredded vapors of the Warren Commission, as if it had an   ounce of truth in it. Gary Mack, the curator of the Sixth Floor Museum,   simply does not have credibility on the JFK assassination.
In the near future there are going to be efforts by both Tom Hanks  (HBO  series) and Leonardo DiCaprio (a movie) to take on the JFK   assassination. Sadly, these are both going to be disinformation efforts;   the ONLY legitimate take on the JFK assassination is that it was a  full  blown coup d’etat. Tom Hanks is a clueless lone nutter.
The best discussion boards on the internet for good info are 1) Education Forum 2) Deep Politics Forum 3) JFKmurdersolved.com and 4) Mary Ferrell Foundation – http://www.maryferrell.org/ 5) JFK Lancer. On Facebook, the premier spot is JFK-The Grassy Knoll Witnesses (run by Rusty Yardum) http://www.facebook.com/pages/JFK-The-Grassy-Knoll-Witnesses/115305938487641 . Black Op radio’s web site http://www.blackopradio.com/ (Len Osanic) is an excellent place to listen to high quality interviews   with folks such as JFK expert Jim DiEugenio. Deep Politics Quarterly   (Walt Brown) http://www.manuscriptservice.com/DPQ / and http://www.ctka.net/ (Jim DiEugenio) are 2 other quality spots on the internet.
As for videos,  highly recommend going to You Tube and watching the   extremely important The Men Who Killed Kennedy – (episodes 7, 8, and 9).   Much of these episodes focus on the role of Lyndon Johnson in the 1963   Coup d’Etat and they were BANNED from the History Channel because they   were so accurate.  LBJ aide Jack Valenti (CFR) organized a suppression   campaign on the videos along with Lady Bird Johnson, Warren Commission   con man Gerald Ford (CFR), Jimmy Carter (CFR) and Bill Moyers (CFR).   Also, watch Jesse Ventura’s 2010 Conspiracy Theory show on the JFK   assassination http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reo1T9dhqL8 . In addition, I recommend JFK the movie by Oliver Stone, director’s   cut. Oliver Stone, despite immense criticism in the MSM by CIA assets,   pretty much nailed the JFK assassination. It was a full blown Coup   d’Etat by Lyndon Johnson, the CIA and key elements of the U.S. military.
Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Season 2 Episode 5 (JFK) – Full Length
