’Thirteen Days’ Doesn’t Add Up
by Michael Nelson, Political Science Professor, Rhodes College
The film Thirteen Days, a Hollywood account of the Cuban Missile Crisis, purports to take audiences “behind the scenes” at the White House during the tense and critical period when nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union seemed not only possible but likely. Feature films, television shows, and novels that fictionalize the past invariably include dramatic embellishments and fictitious encounters, and they have a powerful impact on how students understand history. Michael Nelson, professor of political science at Rhodes College, analyzes Thirteen Days and other fictional treatments of the presidency (notably the television series The West Wing) and explores strategies for teaching students about the complexities of power and politics beyond the movie theater. (Posted February 2001)
One of the most jarring things I discovered when I taught my first undergraduate  course on the American presidency in the fall of 1979 was that my students were  3 years old during the Cuban missile crisis. I was 13. They didn’t remember a  thing about those storied 13 days in October 1962. I remembered everything, including  what it was like to go to school in the morning in fear that I would not come  home that afternoon. Students today barely recall the cold war (they were around  10 when the Berlin Wall fell), and the Cuban missile crisis may as well have happened  in 1066.
So after reading one stellar review after another in the national media, I took  my current class on the presidency to see Thirteen Days, the new $80-million blockbuster  starring Kevin Costner, on the weekend it opened. It turned out to be a disappointing  movie, except for actor Bruce Greenwood’s wonderfully nuanced portrayal of John  F. Kennedy as — at least for the duration of the crisis — a thoughtful,  anguished, morally serious president who remained cool under pressure. Despite  its flaws, however, I’m still glad I took my students to see it.
The inclination in most college social-science courses is to show movies sparingly,  if at all, and to show only classics. (I’m not sure what those would be in a course  on the presidency: As critic Terrence Rafferty has noted, “It’s difficult  to name a profession that has inspired fewer great movies. Maybe urology.”) But  the impressions of a historical or political subject that students bring with  them into a course are often derived from the popular entertainment of their day.  Going as a class to see a movie that most of my students would have gone to see  anyway created an opportunity to help them sort out the historical wheat from  the Hollywood chaff. For that reason, I still kick myself for not having taken  them to see JFK, Oliver Stone’s cinematically powerful but historically awful  movie about the Kennedy assassination.
Thirteen Days unfolds from the perspective of Kenneth O’Donnell, who is played  by Costner. In real life, O’Donnell was a political consigliere to the Kennedy  brothers. Robert F. Kennedy, a friend and classmate of O’Donnell’s at Harvard,  had first brought him into his brother John’s campaign organization when John  ran for the Senate in 1952. No one has ever argued that O’Donnell, who served  as White House appointments secretary and political adviser after Kennedy became  president in 1961, played an important role in the missile crisis. To the contrary,  a host of historians, political scientists, journalists, and Kennedy aides — including Arthur Schlesinger Jr., Graham Allison, Marvin Kalb, and Theodore Sorensen — have said that O’Donnell (as Schlesinger put it) “had nothing to  do with the Cuban missile crisis.”
Ernest R. May, coeditor of The Kennedy Tapes (the book on which the movie is based),  said in The American Prospect that the apparent rationale for making O’Donnell  the main character in Thirteen Days was that he could serve as an“inside  Everyman, evaluating the crisis almost as an ordinary citizen would.”
Ironically, the Everyman device works best when O’Donnell goes outside among all  the other Everyfolk, walking the streets of Washington and joining a long line  of people entering a Catholic church with a handwritten signboard out front advertising “Confessions 24 hrs/Pray for Peace.” When the O’Donnell character  is inside the White House, he is at center stage, not watching from a corner.  To a one, my students left the theater convinced that O’Donnell had been a more  important figure in the crisis than Attorney General Robert Kennedy or any other  member of Ex Comm, the ad hoc group of current and former executivebranch officials  that President Kennedy created to respond to the Soviet Union’s covert installation  of offensive nuclear missiles in Cuba.
In one entirely fictitious scene, O’Donnell phones the Navy pilot who is about  to fly a low-altitude surveillance mission over Cuba and tells him to lie to his  superior officers if Cuban or Russian soldiers try to shoot him down. O’Donnell  would rather conceal evidence than allow it to be used by advocates of a military  strike. In another scene, O’Donnell calls Adlai Stevenson to stiffen the U.N.  ambassador’s spine before Stevenson presses the American case against the Soviet  Union in the Security Council. Stevenson’s spine needed — and received — no such stiffening from O’Donnell or anyone else on that occasion.
Yet stiffening spines is one of O’Donnell’s main functions in Thirteen Days. You  come away thinking that President Kennedy could never have made his televised  speech to the nation and Robert Kennedy would have flubbed his presentation of  the administration’s crisis-ending compromise to the Soviet ambassador, Anatoly  Dobrynin, if O’Donnell hadn’t pulled them aside for pep talks. Bizarrely, a scene  that replicates the famous from-behind photograph of Kennedy leaning heavily on  a table ends with O’Donnell handing him a drink.
Inflating O’Donnell’s importance in the missile crisis, however, is not the main  problem with Thirteen Days. No one ever complains that Ishmael’s role in the story  of Captain Ahab’s hunt for the white whale is inflated just because Ishmael is  the narrator. From a historical perspective, the film’s main problems are that  it inflates the role of White House political-staff members and portrays the military  brass as cartoonish hawks.
I call the first phenomenon the West Wing syndrome, which is already widespread,  especially among political-science students. Like Thirteen Days, the West Wing  television series is not bereft of virtue, especially its seriousness of purpose  about the dilemmas of governing. But the series is notorious for, among other  things, attributing nearly all that’s good in government to the (mostly young  and attractive) political advisers on the White House staff. West Wing’s vice  president is a bad guy. Its members of Congress are cravenly self-interested.  Most of its cabinet officers are parochial, peripheral, and second-rate.
Within the TV White House, staff members whose expertise is more in public policy  than in politics — the national security adviser, domestic policy adviser,  and chief economic adviser — are seldom, if ever, seen. When good things  happen to America on The West Wing, it’s because President Josiah Bartlet and  his political advisers have taken charge.
The West Wing syndrome is on full display in Thirteen Days. McGeorge Bundy, the  national security adviser, comes across as clownishly inept (he wasn’t — not even close). Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara is portrayed with little  of his real-life intelligence and force of personality. And Congress is represented  only by the sound of braying voices in a meeting room from which President Kennedy  is indignantly stalking (that never happened). Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson,  whom May and his coeditor, Philip D. Zelikow, describe in The Kennedy Tapes as  having skillfully chaired several Ex Comm meetings in the president’s absence,  is neither seen nor heard during the crisis — his main presence in the movie  is as the butt of a joke between the president and O’Donnell.
According to the film, the missile crisis turns on O’Donnell’s realization that  the Joint Chiefs of Staff are conniving to box Kennedy into going to war, preferably  nuclear war with the Soviets. (Bundy and McNamara, of course, don’t have a clue.)  When the light bulb goes on over O’Donnell’s head, he pulls the president aside  and says, “Look, I’m your political adviser. I’m giving you a political  analysis. This is a set-up.” Josh and C. J. couldn’t have done a better  job for President Bartlet.
In Thirteen Days, it’s the Joint Chiefs who wear the black hats, not Nikita Khrushchev,  the Soviet leader whose perceived problems with his own hard-liners are regarded  sympathetically, almost therapeutically, by the Kennedys. It isn’t enough for  the film’s auteurs to make the accurate point that the Joint Chiefs wanted to  attack Cuba to remove the missiles. Instead, the generals and admirals must also  seem wild-eyed (and in the case of the Air Force chief of staff, Curtis LeMay,  wild-eyebrowed), profane (“get the bastards”), bombastic (“shoot the red dog”),  and conspiratorial. We’re supposed to applaud when O’Donnell tells the pilot to  lie to his superiors if he’s shot at. By the end of the movie, you half expect  the generals to start talking, Dr. Strangelove style, about preserving the purity  of our bodily fluids.
As my colleague Daniel Cullen mentioned to me, Thirteen Days is especially deserving  of criticism on these large matters because it is so scrupulously accurate on  the small ones. The thin ties and horn-rimmed glasses the actors wear, the tail-finned  cars they drive, the physical gestures they make, even their rotary-dial phones  and transistor radios are all dead-on perfect. Black-and-white establishing scenes  and actual excerpts from Walter Cronkite’s live television reports on the crisis  further contribute to the movie’s verisimilitude. This is the way it really was,  the filmmakers implicitly promise with those fine points: Just look at McNamara’s  slicked-back hair. It’s all the more distressing, then, when we discover that  in several important respects this isn’t the way it was at all.
The film’s web site offers related  primary documents, in addition to information on the making of the  film.
Source: Published in Chronicle of Higher Education (February 2, 2001)
. The Chronicle Review, page B15. Reprinted with permission.
