Book finally clears first black Presidential Secret Service agent   12/1/2006 Ultimate Sacrifice 
Cuba's #2 official today was coup leader for JFK in Nov 63, US gov reveals!   12/1/2006 Ultimate Sacrifice: "As reported by Liz Smith in the 9-22-06 NY Post, the US government has revealed that the coup leader for JFK and RFK in November 1963 was Commander Juan Almeida, then head of the Cuban Army. He is currently listed by the CIA as the #2 official in Cuba today (just below Raul Castro)."
After 40 Years, the First National Security Whistleblower Still Seeks Justice   11/30/2006 Common Dreams: published 2/17/06 - "After an outstanding career in law enforcement, Abraham Bolden was appointed by John F. Kennedy to be the first African American presidential Secret Service agent, where he served with distinction. But you haven't heard about Abraham Bolden during Black History month, because after helping to prevent JFK's assassination in the weeks before Dallas, Bolden was arrested on the very day he went to Washington to tell the Warren Commission about those attempts. Caught in a maze of National Security concerns that only became clear after four million pages of JFK files were released in the 1990s, Bolden was sentenced to six years in prison, becoming America's first National Security Whistleblower. The files released after Congress passed the JFK Act unanimously in 1992 show the massive amount of information that had been withheld from at least five Congressional investigations. Even worse, the Final Report of the JFK Board created by Congress shows that crucial files about attempts against JFK--the cases Bolden worked on--were destroyed by the Secret Service in 1995. And, a report by the government oversight group OMB Watch says that "well over one million CIA records" related to JFK's era remain unreleased, perhaps until the mandatory release date of 2017... Unknown to Bolden until recently, the crux of all this secrecy about the attempts to assassinate JFK in Chicago, Tampa, and Dallas were John and Robert Kennedys' "Plan for a Coup in Cuba" to overthrow Fidel Castro on December 1, 1963. The most secret operation of the Kennedy years, the CIA side of the operation was code-named AMWORLD, a term withheld from five Congressional investigations (and the Warren Commission) and declassified only in the 1990s. It appeared in print for the first time just three months ago. Using declassified files from the National Archives, we found that in the days, weeks, and months before Dallas, Robert Kennedy had a secret government committee looking at how the US could deal with the "assassination of American officials" if Castro found out about the Kennedys' coup plan, and tried to retaliate."
Re-Open RFK assassination   11/22/2006 Global Research: "O’Sullivan found video images of Campbell with another figure who has now been identified as George Joannides, a pivotal figure in the CIA and the re-investigation of the assassination of JFK. Joannides had been the Chief of Psychological Warfare Operations at JM-Wave. He had retired from his CIA post, but in 1978 he returned to active duty, as it were, as the liaison between the House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA) during its re-investigation of the assassinations of JFK and Martin Luther King. Puzzling, perplexing and problematic, Joannides failed to inform his colleagues at the HSCA that he had ever worked at JM-Wave. This is a troubling enigma for it suggests that he intended to maintain his covert identity – a fact that would compromise his involvement in the HSCA and jeopardize the entire congressional investigation. A former researcher with the HSCA, Ed Lopez, identified Joannides as the person in the Ambassador Hotel video with what he described on camera as 99% accuracy. More. Lopez recalled Joannides obstructive practice of denying the HSCA access to crucial documents in the re-investigation of the assassination of JFK."
Did the CIA kill Bobby Kennedy?   11/20/2006 Guardian 
Did the CIA kill Bobby Kennedy?   11/20/2006 Guardian: "Morales was a legendary figure in CIA covert operations. According to close associate Tom Clines, if you saw Morales walking down the street in a Latin American capital, you knew a coup was about to happen. When the subject of the Kennedys came up in a late-night session with friends in 1973, Morales launched into a tirade that finished: "I was in Dallas when we got the son of a bitch and I was in Los Angeles when we got the little bastard." From this line grew my odyssey into the spook world of the 60s and the secrets behind the death of Bobby Kennedy. Working from a Cuban photograph of Morales from 1959, I viewed news coverage of the assassination to see if I could spot the man the Cubans called El Gordo - The Fat One. Fifteen minutes in, there he was, standing at the back of the ballroom, in the moments between the end of Kennedy's speech and the shooting. Thirty minutes later, there he was again, casually floating around the darkened ballroom while an associate with a pencil moustache took notes. The source of early research on Morales was Bradley Ayers, a retired US army captain who had been seconded to JM-Wave, the CIA's Miami base in 1963, to work closely with chief of operations Morales on training Cuban exiles to run sabotage raids on Castro. I tracked Ayers down to a small town in Wisconsin and emailed him stills of Morales and another guy I found suspicious - a man who is pictured entering the ballroom from the direction of the pantry moments after the shooting, clutching a small container to his body, and being waved towards an exit by a Latin associate. Ayers' response was instant. He was 95% sure that the first figure was Morales and equally sure that the other man was Gordon Campbell, who worked alongside Morales at JM-Wave in 1963 and was Ayers' case officer shortly before the JFK assassination."
David Morales   11/20/2006 Spartacus: [recently implicated in RFK assassination]
JFK and 9/11 - Insights Gained From Studying Both   11/18/2006 Google Video 
JFK's Biggest Secret Revealed -- But Will Congress Keep History from Repeating Itself?   10/19/2006 Common Dreams: "The JFK-Almeida coup failed because it was infiltrated by three Mafia bosses targeted for prosecution by Attorney General Robert Kennedy (who played the leading role in managing the coup plan for his brother). The Mafia chiefs -- banned by the Kennedys from the coup plan, and from reopening their casinos in Cuba -- infiltrated the CIA's portion of the coup plan, and used parts of it to kill JFK in Dallas. This forced key US officials -- RFK, LBJ, and J. Edgar Hoover -- into a cover-up to protect Almeida and prevent a possible nuclear confrontation with the Soviets, a cover-up which continued for decades." [LBJ used this to pressure Warren into the "lone gunman" theory.]
LITEMPO: The CIA's Eyes on Tlatelolco   10/18/2006 National Security Archives: "The declassified U.S. documents reveal CIA recruitment of agents within the upper echelons of the Mexican government between 1956 and 1969. The informants used in this secret program included President Gustavo Díaz Ordaz and future President Luis Echeverría. The documents detail the relationships cultivated between senior CIA officers, such as chief of station Winston Scott, and Mexican government officials through a secret spy network code-named "LITEMPO." Operating out of the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City, Scott used the LITEMPO project to provide "an unofficial channel for the exchange of selected sensitive political information which each government wanted the other to receive but not through public protocol exchanges." [Scott was Chief of Station in 1963 at the time of the JFK hit.]
Robert Gaylon Ross Sr. interview with Madeleine Duncan Brown   8/31/2006 Google Video: "The night before the Kennedy assassination, Lyndon Baines Johnson met with Dallas tycoons, FBI moguls and organized crime kingpins - emerging from the conference to tell his mistress Madeleine Duncan Brown that "those SOB's" would never embarrass him again. It's a jaw-dropping deposition and it's the biggest JFK smoking gun there is - despite the fact that it has received little media attention. Before her death on June 22 2002, prolific author and lecturer Robert Gaylon Ross had the opportunity to conduct an 80 minute sit-down interview with Madeleine Duncan Brown and from that lengthy discussion the truth about exactly who was behind the assassination of JFK was exposed."
A bang not a whimper: Bush’s Endgame Strategy   5/12/2006 Global Research: "When the little that is now known about the background of Josh Bolten and Joel Kaplan is examined, it turns out that they are slightly more than mere proteges of Karl Rove, as they were initially described. Josh Bolten’s father is Seymour Bolten, who was a top ranking deputy to George Herbert Walker Bush during his brief, eleven-month tenure as Director (DCI) of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in 1976. The two men worked closely together. Documents released through the FOIA revealed Bolten Sr’s role in assisting Bush Sr. to probe a troubling problem for a previous DCI, Richard Helms. When embarrassing documents were published that proved Helms had deliberately misinformed the Warren Commission, Bolten Sr. advised Bush Sr. that Helms had lied to the Warren Commission when he told them that the CIA had never “contemplated” contacting Lee Harvey Oswald. Later documents proved that Helms was lying, and this scandal threatened to open one of the most malignant enigmas ever doomed to stalk the shadows of American history: the assassination of JFK, Lee Harvey Oswald and the CIA. This was a problem that Bush Sr. did not want to see return from the dead to haunt the CIA on his watch as DCI. Bush Sr. instructed Bolten Sr. to analyze Helms’s exposure to further legal problems and criminal charges that might arise from his false testimony to the Warren Commission. In doing so, Bolten Sr. concluded that the former DCI’s predicament might cause him some public discomfort but no additional legal problems, i.e. no criminal charges. Helms had other legal problems involving lying under oath to a Senate Committee investigating the CIA. For these crimes, Helms would eventually receive the censure of Congress."
Rethinking Chomsky   4/18/2006 NY Transfer News Collective: "Rethinking Camelot (Boston: South End Press, 1993) is Noam Chomsky's worst book. I don't think it merits a detailed review, but we should be clear about the stand that "America's leading intellectual dissident," as he is often called, has taken on the assassination. It is not significantly different from that of the Warren Commission or the majority of Establishment journalists and government apologists, and diametrically opposed to the view "widely held in the grassroots movements and among left intellectuals" (p. 37) and in fact to the view of the majority of the population. For Chomsky, the only theories of the assassination "of any general interest are those that assume a massive cover-up, and a high-level conspiracy that required that operation." These he rejects out of hand because "There is not a phrase in the voluminous internal record hinting at any thought of such a notion," and because the cover-up "would have to involve not only much of the government and the media, but a good part of the historical, scientific, and medical professions. An achievement so immense would be utterly without precedent or even remote analogue.""
An Act of State - The Execution of Martin Luther King   3/31/2006 Counterpunch: review of Pepper's book by his investigator.
ANOTHER INSULT FROM BUSH AND THE PENTAGON NEO-CONS   3/11/2006 From The Wilderness: "But there is something else about John F. Kennedy in particular that makes the Bushes jumpy. The name "George Bush" appears much too frequently in documents, some newly released, relating to the assassination of President Kennedy. Since there is no statute of limitations on murder or accessory to murder, I can understand why Bush pere and fils may want to erase November 22, 1963 from the history books. The document trail linking George H. W. Bush to those involved in the assassination of President Kennedy is nothing less than chilling."
The Assassination of Robert Kennedy - USA, 1992   2/19/2006 RICENPEAS FILMS: "The Assassination of Robert Kennedy, a gripping documentary by the acclaimed producer Chris Plumley, exposes how the CIA planted two operatives within the Los Angeles Police Department who manipulated the investigation of Kennedy’s assassination. Robert Kennedy’s death seemed an open and shut case, yet in spite of the testimonies of seventy-seven witnesses, it remains shrouded in mystery. Many witnesses at the time complained of pressure by the LAPD to change their testimony. For the first time, Plumley exposes how evidence was changed: how an FBI officer saw bullets being removed from the scene of the assassination and how LAPD officers who didn’t tow the line found themselves suspended on ridiculous charges or taken off the case. This hard-hitting documentary is produced in the gripping style of The Day The Dream Died, the documentary which catapulted Chris Plumley to international prominence and formed the backbone of Oliver Stone’s acclaimed film JFK."
Decoding the Secrets of JFK and 9/11   2/3/2006 Alternet 
Excerpt: 'Ultimate Sacrifice'   2/3/2006 Alternet: "Our investigation has produced clear evidence that the crime bosses arranged the assassination so that any thorough investigation would expose the Kennedys' C-Day coup plan. They were confident that any such exposure could push America to the brink of war with Cuba and the Soviet Union, meaning that they could assassinate JFK with relative impunity."
The Cuban connection is still in Miami and Dallas   1/20/2006 Granma: "Ruby also had links with David Yaras, the mafia executor who admitted to having met him in 1964, and with David Ferrie, of Cuban origin, Marcello’s pilot who, in his turn used to see Lee Harvey Oswald in New Orleans. According to the Committee findings, Ferrie, who was a CIA agent, was also in contact with Oswald through the Aerial Civil Patrol Falcon Squadron and a famous New Orleans office on 544 Camp Street, where members of groups acting against the Cuban Revolution, like Guy Bannister, also operated. Oswald had his office for the deceptively titled Fair Play with Cuba organization in the same building at the same time."
Deep Politics III by Peter Dale Scott: OVERVIEW: THE CIA, THE DRUG TRAFFIC, AND OSWALD IN MEXICO   1/19/2006 History Matters: [Published in 2000, contains an extensive discussion of individuals whose records span from the Kennedy assassination to Cocaine Contra]
Castro Did It - Again   1/10/2006 JFK Accountability: by Peter Dale Scott, Rex Bradford - "Although there is legitimate concern that the latest revival of this theory at this time may be a prelude to a revival of anti-Castro operations, it is also possible that it is a diversion. A diversion from the increasing revelations about the games that the CIA was playing with Oswald files just before the assassination. And a diversion from the growing consensus that previously-suppressed facts about Kennedy's policies on Cuba and the Cold War, which placed him at odds with powerful hard-liners in his own country, may indeed lie at the heart of the mystery about his murder."
Cuba paid Oswald to kill Kennedy, new film says   1/4/2006 Reuters: preparing for more Cuba bashing?
Book links Mafia and plot against Castro to JFK killing   12/2/2005 Independent: "But critics have pointed to problems with the book's thesis: Robert McNamara, then running the Pentagon, has said he was not informed of any new plan to invade Cuba before Kennedy's death. It is also implausible that the Mafia, itching to get rid of Castro and restore Cuba's once lucrative gambling industry, would have blocked a plot that would have done just that."
The Enduring JFK Mystery   11/22/2005 Consortium News: "Dr. Thomas presented a stark contrast to Garwin. Thomas began by asserting that the number on the tape Garwin tested was not the number of the tape the House assassination committee tested. He also pointed out that there is a difference in recording speed and playback speed, and that Garwin’s team had applied one which made the shot sounds no longer line up with the House committee analysis. Thomas provided slides that made clear the points he was making. One could feel the change in the room. People now felt they could follow along as Thomas lined up each sound with the motorcycle’s probable position, and then showed us pictures from the Zapruder film and others that confirmed that the motorcycle cop, Officer H.B. McLain, was indeed in those positions at those times."
Assassination in Puerto Rico - The FBI Murders a Legend   9/26/2005 Counterpunch: "Filiberto, she says, knew that the FBI was there to kill him and did not talk at any time about surrendering himself. After all, that is what happened in Cerro Maravilla, where the local police -acting allegedly in cohort with the FBI- executed two unarmed independentistas, well after they had surrendered to the authorities. The Attorney General for Puerto Rico has already corroborated Elma's story. The FBI fired more than a hundred rounds of bullets. Filiberto was able to respond only ten times. There was no attempt to arrest him; they came to kill him with premeditation… From 1990 to 2005, Filiberto was running loose in Puerto Rico, outsmarting the FBI on an Island that is smaller than the State of Connecticut and where everybody, through means of gossip, can easily find out what the other islanders are doing, even in their bed. So, the FBI knew for sure that Filiberto was being protected by the community at large. The FBI had a motive for their assassination. Filiberto Ojeda will be buried the afternoon of September 27, 2005, as a hero in his hometown of Naguabo, Puerto Rico. The Puerto Rican Bar Association has announced that it will conduct a full investigation -together with the Government of Puerto Rico- to determine if the FBI murdered Ojeda."
Robertson called for the assassination of Venezuela's president   8/22/2005 Media Matters: "He has destroyed the Venezuelan economy, and he's going to make that a launching pad for communist infiltration and Muslim extremism all over the continent. You know, I don't know about this doctrine of assassination, but if he thinks we're trying to assassinate him, I think that we really ought to go ahead and do it. It's a whole lot cheaper than starting a war. And I don't think any oil shipments will stop. But this man is a terrific danger and the United ... This is in our sphere of influence, so we can't let this happen. We have the Monroe Doctrine, we have other doctrines that we have announced. And without question, this is a dangerous enemy to our south, controlling a huge pool of oil, that could hurt us very badly. We have the ability to take him out, and I think the time has come that we exercise that ability. We don't need another $200 billion war to get rid of one, you know, strong-arm dictator. It's a whole lot easier to have some of the covert operatives do the job and then get it over with."
Dan Moldea Accidentally Uncovers the Conspiracy to Assassinate RFK   6/1/2005 JFK Lancer: "Dan Moldea, author of the book, "The Killing of Robert F. Kennedy", participated in a recent television special on the RFK assassination. Using, laser sights, stand-ins, and a re-creation of the Ambassador Hotel pantry in which the assassination occurred, Moldea purported to account for the six assassination victim's wounds using no more bullets than Sirhan's gun could hold. Moldea's television explanation, the same offered in his book, has several fatal shortcomings. One particularly critical conclusion by Moldea ensures that, under his scenario, no less than 9 shots were necessary to account for the victims' wounds. Problematically for Moldea, Sirhan fired an 8-shot revolver, which he unquestionably did not reload."
The Robert Kennedy Assassination: Unraveling the Conspiracy Theories   5/8/2005 Crime Magazine: by Mel Ayton
Posada has something on Bush, says expert on Kennedy case   4/29/2005 Granma: "Dankbaar, also a Dutch businessman, who has made a documentary on the assassination of Kennedy titled Second Look, has shown how one of the three individuals arrested by Dallas police shortly after the crime placed Luis Posada Carriles in Dealey Square in that same city at the moment of the assassination."
Priscilla Johnson McMillan and the CIA   3/21/2005 JFK Info: joournalist who interviewed Oswald in Russia and later got close to his wife Marina.
New Video Game Recreates Kennedy Assassination   11/21/2004 Reuters 
About AMERICAN ASSASSINATION   10/25/2004 Assassination Science: "Niman was clearly right about the political motives of the White House for taking him out; the question was whether it was reasonable to suppose it might go that far. In this context, a report from Michael Ruppert, fromthewilderness.com, was especially disturbing, when he explained that he had been contacted by a former CIA operative familiar with the conduct of assassinations, who told him it had been a hit and "having played ball (and still playing, in some respects) with this current crop of reinvigorated old white men, these clowns are nobody to screw around with. There will be a few more strategic accidents. You can be sure of that." "
About the Death of a Senator   10/25/2004 Assassination Science: "Today we announce the publication of AMERICAN ASSASSINATION: THE STRANGE DEATH OF PAUL WELLSTONE, which I have co-authored with Don "Four Arrows" Jacobs and which is being published by Sander Hicks of Vox Pop of New York City. In the course of its 200 pages, this book establishes (a) that the Bush administration had powerful motives for taking him out (Chapter 2), (b) that the NTSB report cannot be sustained (Chapter 7), and (c) that the Senator's death was no accident (Chapter 8)."
1963: EL COMPLOT. OBJETIVOS: JFK Y FIDEL   10/7/2004 Jiribilla: the latest from Escalante, the Cuban specialist on the JFK assassination - "Una vez más asisto al privilegio de presentar una obra de Fabián Escalante. En esta ocasión, 1963: El complot. Objetivos: JFK y Fidel, título que da cierre a la trilogía La Guerra Secreta, la cual ha servido de cobertura al autor para develar interioridades en torno al proyecto de EE.UU. por quebrar el proceso revolucionario cubano desde su nacimiento."
Warren Report: The Lone Assassin Theory   9/18/2004 C-SPAN: Assassination Archives & Research Center - "The conference is co-sponsored by the Cyril H. Wecht Institute of Forensic Science and Law and the Committee for an Open Archive. Part of the second day of a symposium on the Warren Commission Report on the Kennedy assassination."
The mother of all coverups   9/16/2004 Salon: "But there is one sanctuary where the Warren Report is still stubbornly upheld and where its manifold critics can expect their own rough treatment: in the towers of the media elite… One of the great ironies of history is that while the media elite was busily trying to shore up public confidence in the Warren Report, the political elites were privately confiding among themselves that the report was a travesty, a fairy tale for mass consumption. Presidents, White House aides, intelligence officials, senators, congressmen, even foreign leaders -- they all muttered darkly among themselves that Kennedy was killed by a conspiracy, a plot that a number of them suspected had roots in the U.S. government itself. (In truth, some high media dignitaries have also quietly shared their doubts about the official version. In 1993, CBS anchorman Dan Rather, who did much along with his network to enforce the party line on Dallas, confessed to Robert Tannenbaum, the former deputy chief counsel of the House Select Committee on Assassinations, "We really blew it on the Kennedy assassination.") "
Digital copy of audio tape could finally unlock secrets of JFK's assassination   8/5/2004 Independent: "Scientists are to produce a digital copy of the only known audio recording of the assassination to allow researchers to analyse the sound of the gun-shots captured on the recording. The original, preserved on an analogue tape, has not been played since the early 80s because it is so fragile. The recording was made through the microphone of a motorcycle policeman's radio and captured on a portable tape recorder back at headquarters."
VANUNU SPEAKS   8/1/2004 AFP: ""My view is that Kennedy was assassinated because of his strong opposition to [Israeli prime minister] Ben Gurion," Vanunu said. At the time, Ben Gurion was working to create a nuclear arsenal for Israel. The group that was involved with Ben Gurion in developing and protecting Israel's nuclear arsenal "was behind the assassination of Kennedy," Vanunu said."
Vanunu Speaks   7/31/2004 Truth Seeker: "Iran’s Tehran Times, writing from Jerusalem, said: “In a startling accusation, nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu has alleged that Jerusalem was behind the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy, who was exerting pressure on the then Israeli head of state to shed light on the Dimona nuclear plant.” Similar articles appeared in newspapers around the world, but in the United States this explosive news was only reported by wire services and in Jewish newspapers."
Bestselling Author and Former L.B.J. Attorney Barr McClellan Featured on PBS Program 'Who Killed J.F.K.' Broadcast Tonight   7/28/2004 Hannover House: "Author and attorney Barr McClellan will present powerful evidence of involvement by Lyndon Baines Johnson in the assassination of J.F.K. during a program airing tonight on PBS stations nationwide. The broadcast entitled "Who Killed J.F.K." was produced for PBS by the Foundation For Responsible Television and the McCuistion Program. Other panelists featured include Walt Coughlin of the U.S. Secret Service, David Perry, a J.F.K. Researcher, G. Robert Blakely, Professor of Law, Notre Dame Law School and author Gerald Posner who attempts to defend the widely criticized Warren Commission Report."
The Assassination Tapes   6/6/2004 Atlantic: "Lyndon Johnson secretly recorded many of his telephone conversations as President. The tapes provide our only window into his thoughts after hearing what was then a rumor about CIA plots to assassinate Fidel Castro—information that shaped Johnson's views of both JFK's assassination and his own presidency. Herewith excerpts from his 1967 calls."
ABC News Presents The Kennedy Assassination - Beyond Conspiracy   4/6/2004 DVD Talk 
Who Killed Kennedy?   1/24/2004 Portsmouth Herald: "Gen. Wesley Clark: You know, I have done casual reading on this. I’ve never made an exhaustive study. I believe he was the lone gunman."
Who killed Kennedy?   1/17/2004 Portsmouth Herald, NH: "Keating: We recently marked the 40th anniversary of the assassination of JFK. Polls show that a majority of Americans do not believe that Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone gunman. My question to you, as someone who is running for the office that he held at the time of his assassination, is what do you believe? Dean: I believe what I read and what I’ve read is the Warren Commission, or some of it. And their conclusion is that he was the lone assassin. I’m not a big conspiracy theorist. Now I don’t deny that conspiracies exist, but this was never one that I’ve been highly attracted by. So I go with what I consider to be the mainstream opinion on this one, which is that it’s likely it was a single assassin."
A sober look at the Kennedy assassination   12/28/2003 Plain Dealer, Cleveland: another researcher not clued in to the Zapruder forgery? - "Wrone concludes that two or more assassins shot Kennedy, and that Oswald was not among them. Wrone has no idea who the assassins were and doubts if anybody will solve the murder. He comes to this conclusion through a painstaking analysis of the 26-second movie shot by amateur cameraman Abraham Zapruder as the Kennedy motorcade passed by his vantage point."
Showtime Near Deal for Posner Book   12/22/2003 Television Week: now why is Posner involved in this?
Celebrated authors demand that the CIA come clean on JFK assassination   12/17/2003 Salon: "At issue in the suit, filed Tuesday in Washington, are records on the unexplained role of a Miami-based undercover CIA agent named George Joannides in the months prior to Kennedy's murder on Nov. 22, 1963. The authors supporting the suit include anti-conspiracist Gerald Posner, author of the 1993 book "Case Closed," and Norman Mailer and Don DeLillo, two leading novelists who have explored the mysteries surrounding accused JFK assassin Lee Harvey Oswald. Also backing the lawsuit are legal experts G. Robert Blakey, the former chief counsel of the House Select Committee on Assassinations, which in the late 1970s investigated Kennedy's death, and John Tunheim, a federal judge who chaired the Assassination Records Review Board in the mid-1990s."
Notes on Kennedy's assassination donated   12/15/2003 AP: "Former Texas first lady Nellie Connally donated to the LBJ Library and Museum on Monday her handwritten notes of President Kennedy's assassination and the suit she wore the day he was killed in Dallas. "
Killing of Kennedy may have derailed Cuba pact   11/27/2003 Sydney Morning Herald 
Revealed: how Kennedy's assassination thwarted hopes of Cuba reconciliation   11/26/2003 Guardian, UK: "A few days before his assassination, President Kennedy was planning a meeting with Cuban officials to negotiate the normalisation of relations with Fidel Castro, according to a newly declassified tape and White House documents. The rapprochement was cut off in Dallas 40 years ago this week by Lee Harvey Oswald, who appears to have believed he was assassinating the president in the interests of the Cuban revolution. But the new evidence suggests that Castro saw Kennedy's killing as a setback. He tried to restart a dialogue with the next administration, but Lyndon Johnson was at first too concerned about appearing soft on communism and later too distracted by Vietnam to respond."
