Robert  Kennedy Visiting Professor
About the Robert F. Kennedy Visiting Professors in Latin American Studies
The  Robert F. Kennedy Visiting Professorship in Latin American Studies was  created at Harvard University in 1986 through a generous gift from  Edmond Safra and the Republic of New York Corporation. The endowment  enables Harvard to regularly invite eminent Latin Americans from any  field, a composer one year, an historian the next, an architect,  physiologist, legal scholar, banker, novelist, poet, economist,  sociologist, anthropologist, to teach at the University for one  semester. DRCLAS has appointed two RFK Professorships to distinguised Cuban scholars. 
Rafael M. Hernandez Rodriguez
In 2006-2007, Rafael M. Hernández Rodríguez served as the Robert F. Kennedy (RFK) Visiting Professor in Latin American Studies at Harvard University.  Mr. Hernández, who is the Editor of TEMAS and a Senior Research Fellow at the Centro de Investigacion y Desarrollo de  la Cultura Cubana 'Juan Marinello. He is a scholar of Cuban and U.S. policies, inter-American  relations, international security, migration and Cuban culture, society  and politics, and is co-editor of, U.S.-Cuban Relations in the 1990s,  with Jorge I. Domínguez  (Westview Press, 1989) and the founding editor of TEMAS, a Cuban  quarterly in the field of social sciences and the humanities. A  published poet and playwright, Rafael M. Hernández  was the editor and founder of Cuadernos de Nuestra America, the journal  published by the Centro de Estudios sobre America, where he was  director of North American studies for 18 years.
At Harvard, Professor Hernández taught an undergraduate course in the History Department titled: 'Cuba: Culture and Society', History 1733 as well as a graduate course titled 'United States-Cuban Relations', History 2733 or ISP-238 . 
 Mario Coyula Cowley
In 2001-2, the renowned Cuban architect and urban planner, Mario Coyula Cowley, was named as the Robert F. Kennedy (RFK) Visiting Professor in Latin American Studies at Harvard University. He received the National Prize of Architecture in 2001 and of Habitat in 2004, both life-long awards. He is a professor de meritu and former director of the School of Architecture, of the Architecture and Urban Planning department at Havana's Instituto Politécnico José Antonio Echeverría, and of the Group for the Integral Development. He was the first president of Havana’s Landmarks Commission.  He is the co-author of two competition-winning commemorative monuments considered groundbreaking in that field: Parque-Monumento de los Mártires Universitarios (1965-67) and the Mausoleum for the Heroes of March 13th (1981-82, 2005), both at Havana, amongst various other books; also winning prizes at SIARIN ’90 (30 Years of Cuban Revolutionary Architecture). He has received 52 national and foreign awards. He is currently president of the permanent National Jury for Scientific Degrees in Architecture, president of the Jury for Docent Categories at the Faculty of Architecture, CUJAE, and member of its Scientific Council.
While at Harvard University, Professor Coyula taught a seminar at the Graduate School of Design.
 
