Seeking Justice in Mexico, and the Legacy of Robert Kennedy
By Kerry Kennedy*
WASHINGTON, Jun 6, 2011  (IPS) - On this day, 43 years ago, in the midst of a national struggle  to make real the promises of justice and equality, we lost  Robert F. Kennedy. Today, we honour his legacy when we stand  with heroes who are devoted to the pursuit of justice and put  their own lives on the line for others.
RFK Human Rights Award Laureate  Abel Barrera Hernández is under  constant death threat because he dares stand against police,  military, and government officials on behalf of indigenous  communities in the Mexican state of Guerrero. Despite the differences  in their eras, their countries, and their languages, these two men  are united by their shared, deep commitment to advancing justice and  human rights.
As Attorney General, Robert Kennedy ensured that the federal  government stood on the side of the Civil Rights Movement. He sent  federal marshals to protect the Freedom Riders and federal troops to  the University of Mississippi to assure the integration of African- American students there.
He sent in the National Guard when a white supremacist mob, 3,000  strong, surrounded First Baptist Church, shouted racial epithets and  threatened to burn it to the ground while 1,000 African-American men,  women, and children worshipped inside.
He did it not because it was the politically expedient thing to do.  John Kennedy had won the presidency with the slimmest of margins, and  RFK knew that support for civil rights might well cost his brother  re-election. He did not do it because there was a precedent of the  federal government supporting the Civil Rights Movement. Not since  the Civil War had an attorney general aligned himself with blacks  attempting to assert their rights.
He did it because it was the right thing to do.
To the best of my knowledge, there has never been a minister of  justice who took a principled position in a case of this societal  dimension, at the risk of endangering the re-election of a sitting  president. Ditto for the brother, or campaign manager, of a head of  state. Despite the dangers, he spoke truth to power and transformed  our country.
Today, Mexico confronts its own social crisis, as indigenous  communities, which have suffered extreme poverty, are besieged by  narco-traffickers and live amid a heavy military deployment, are  demanding their rights. Abel and his organisation, the Tlachinollan  Center for Human Rights in the Montaña (Tlachinollan), are  leading a  dynamic, indigenous, civil and human rights movement near the town of  Ayutla de los Libres.
Perhaps Guerrero is Mexico's Alabama, and the town of Ayutla its  Birmingham - the center of a profound struggle. Eleven Na Savi and  Me'phaa indigenous persons were murdered by the Mexican Army in  Ayutla 13 years ago tomorrow, Jun. 7.
In 2002, the Mexican military forces sexually tortured Ines and  Valentina, two indigenous women. When heroic indigenous leaders Raul  Lucas and Manuel Ponce documented and reported the abuses, they  were murdered in 2009. Abel and his colleagues at Tlachinollan shut  their satellite office following their murders.
Now, two years later - on Jun. 16 - Abel and his colleagues are  courageously committed to reopening the Tlachinollan office in  Ayutla, with a ceremony to mark the occasion.
When state and local officials defied the Constitution, Robert  Kennedy brought the power of the federal government to the aid of  civil rights activists. Today, we in the international community have  a duty to bring the power of international law to the aid of Abel and  Tlachinollan.
We must pressure Mexico to comply with the basic human rights  requirements under our foreign assistance agreements, such as under  the Merida Initiative , and we must stop the flow of  select aid if  necessary. We must pressure Mexico to abide by the orders of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights , which  require the  implementation of protection measures for Abel and other indigenous  human rights defenders in Guerrero, and the transfer of cases of  abuse by the military out of military jurisdiction.
Every staff member of Tlachinollan and the indigenous human rights  defenders from the Costa-Montaña region put their lives at risk so  they can report abuses, denounce crimes, and find justice. Without  these human rights defenders, and their accompaniment of victims and  survivors, justice in Guerrero does not stand a chance.
For those of us in the United States, we must know that all of  Mexico's national reforms and all of the U.S. assistance will be  futile if we don't support the civil and human rights movement on the  ground.
As Robert Kennedy said: "We must recognize the full human equality of  all people - before God, before the law, and in the councils of  government. We must do this not because it is economically  advantageous - although it is; not because the laws of God and man  command it - although they do command it; not because people in other  lands wish it so. We must do it for the single and fundamental reason  that it is the right thing to do."
