At Cuba Conference, Old Foes Exchange Notes on 1962 Missile  Crisis
New York Times - October 14, 2002 - By DAVID  GONZALEZ
SAN CRISTÓBAL, Cuba, Oct. 13 — Dino Brugioni had spent decades  poring over every detail from the spy plane photographs of Soviet missiles whose  discovery here, 40 years ago this weekend, brought the superpowers to the brink  of nuclear holocaust. But today the former Central Intelligence Agency officer  learned a few things that had eluded even his careful eye, thanks to none other  than Gen. Anatoly Gribkov, who was the Soviet officer who supervised the  construction of missile bases in Cuba in 1962.
More like old colleagues  than former adversaries, the two men stood this morning in front of an abandoned  bunker, discussing roads, cables and missile locations. Their exchanges  contained more shop talk than sharp words.
"I got a little more detail  than I could see," said Mr. Brugioni, who during the Cuban missile crisis had  prepared briefings based on spy plane photos. "I'm glad I came to talk with my  Russian and Cuban counterparts. It's been 40 years. I've forgiven."
This  weekend, presidential advisers and military officers from all sides who took  part in the cold war's tensest episode gathered in Cuba to discuss issues  arising from those 13 days, including intelligence failures and independent arms  inspections.
Those themes have taken on special resonance at a time when  United States officials are considering the possibility of pre-emptive action  against Saddam Hussein to ensure that Iraq does not develop or use weapons of  mass destruction.
Participants at the conference — organized by the Cuban  government and the National Security Archive, an American research group that  obtained recently declassified American, Soviet and Cuban documents — did not  explicitly draw comparisons. But they did say President John F. Kennedy's  peaceful resolution of the crisis held a powerful lesson.
"I hope that 10  years from now the Cuban missile crisis will be looked upon as a learning period  for the world in understanding the risk to the human race in continuing huge  nuclear forces," Robert S. McNamara, who was defense secretary at the time, said  in an interview on Friday. "What happened in Cuba is very commonplace. Military  operations are much more complex than civilian ones. The variables are  greater."
Mr. McNamara, who headed the American delegation at the  conference, said recent examples of civilian and "friendly fire" casualties in  Afghanistan underscored the hazards of warfare, even when it is confined to  conventional weapons.
"There isn't any learning period with nuclear  weapons," he said. "You make one mistake and you destroy nations."
Fidel  Castro, the Cuban president, attended most of the closed-door sessions in Havana  and offered long commentaries. According to those present at a meeting on  Friday, Mr. Castro questioned a retired Soviet military officer at length about  the size of the Soviet nuclear arsenal compared with that of the United States  and the numbers and location of warheads on the island.
"Castro didn't  know," said Thomas Blanton, the National Security Archive's executive director.  "But he said that they had a sense that the Soviet Union was first with Sputnik,  Yuri A. Gagarin and having the largest bomb." He added that "they assumed the  Soviet Union was at least equal" to the United States militarily.
The  Americans viewed the Soviet missiles, evidence of which Mr. Kennedy received on  Oct. 16, 1962, as a provocation. But Cuban officials placed the crisis in the  context of the threat of an American military invasion, mindful of the abortive  Bay of Pigs invasion by Cuban exiles in 1961. They had also worried about Cuban  exiles backed by the United States in the destabilization campaign known as  Operation Mongoose.
"The United States had already developed subversive  activities including assassination plans against the leaders of the revolution,"  said Esteban Morales, a researcher at the University of Havana.
Theodore  C. Sorensen, Mr. Kennedy's counsel and chief speechwriter, said Mr. Kennedy had  had no intention of staging an American invasion of Cuba. Rather, the goal was  to isolate Cuba and prevent it from becoming a Soviet military  outpost.
Nonetheless, at the conference Mr. Sorensen apologized to the  Cubans for the sabotage campaign. "I represent nobody but myself," he said. "I  just thought an apology was due."
Mr. Kennedy's military advisers were urging him to prepare for  an invasion, however, once the United States had responded to the detection of  the missiles by establishing a naval and air blockade to prevent Soviet ships  from reaching Cuba. On Oct. 27, according to documents released at the  conference, events were spinning out of control. An American surveillance plane  was shot down over Cuba, another wandered into Soviet airspace, and an American  destroyer was dropping depth charges to force to the surface a Soviet submarine  that had approached the American blockade line.
The commander of the  Soviet submarine, which had a nuclear-tipped torpedo, "summoned the officer who  was assigned to the nuclear torpedo and ordered him to assemble it to battle  readiness," according to a Soviet document made available at the  conference.
"Maybe the war has already started up there, while we are  doing somersaults here," the commander was quoted as saying. "We're going to  blast them now! We will die, but we will sink them all. We will not disgrace our  navy!"
According to the document, the Soviet commander relented after  conferring with other officers.
While the Americans were able to get the  Soviets to agree on Oct. 28 to withdraw the missiles from Cuba, they were unable  to get the Soviets to persuade the Cubans to allow inspections.
Soviet  documents portray Mr. Castro as having been angered by the Soviet suggestion of  inspections as infringing on Cuba's sovereignty.
"Recent events have  considerably influenced the moral spirit of our people," Mr. Castro was quoted  as saying to Anastas I. Mikoyan, the Soviet first deputy prime minister, who was  in Havana in early November 1962. "They were regarded as a retreat at the very  moment when every nerve of our country had been strained."
Mr. Mikoyan  responded that developments were moving so rapidly that a decision had to be  made quickly.
"At the moment the main objective consisted of preventing  an attack," the envoy wrote in the document. "We thought the Cuban comrades  would understand us."
But a Nov. 16 letter to Mr. Mikoyan from Nikita S.  Khrushchev, the Soviet leader, revealed Soviet impatience with the Cubans'  rejection of inspections and their pledge to shoot down American spy  planes.
"Cuba, which now does not even want to consult with us, wants to  practically drag us behind it by a leash, and wants to pull us into a war with  the Americans by its actions," Mr. Khrushchev wrote. "We cannot and will not  agree to this."
Cuba never did allow inspections, but by Nov. 20, the  United States lifted its naval blockade.
"In a sense, that is the  message of this entire conference," Mr. Sorensen said in an interview. "It is  very clear that the world was on the brink of a nuclear war, so close. Yet it  was also very clear that not one of the three governments involved wanted a  war."
In April 1963, Mr. Castro traveled to the Soviet Union and was  promised economic and security assistance, which continued to flow until the  Soviet Union's collapse in the early 1990's.
Tucked among documents in  the briefing books prepared for the conference is a recounting of a conversation  between Mr. Mikoyan and Ernesto Guevara, a hero of the Cuban revolution who was  known as Che and a confidante of Mr. Castro.
"We will always be with you  despite all the difficulties," Mr. Mikoyan told Mr. Guevara.
"To the last  day?" Mr. Guevara asked.
"Yes, let our enemies die," Mr. Mikoyan replied.  "We must live and live. Live like Communists. We are convinced of our  victory."
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
How  Soviet sub officer saved world from nuclear conflict
Daily  Telegraph (U.K.) - By David Rennie in Washington - 14/10/2002
Only the  caution of a Soviet naval officer saved the world from a nuclear fight to the  death during the Cuban missile crisis, an unprecedented meeting hosted by Fidel  Castro was told this weekend.
Robert McNamara, who was the American  defence secretary when the confrontation took place 40 years ago, said it could  "easily" have become a full-scale conflict.
The world has long known that  it came to the brink of war during the 13-day crisis after American spy planes  confirmed that Moscow had deployed nuclear missiles in Cuba, only 100 miles from  Florida.
Only later did the West discover how close it came during a  naval skirmish between an American destroyer and a Soviet B-59 submarine off  Cuba on Oct 27, 1962.
The destroyer dropped depth charges near the  submarine to try to force it to surface, not knowing it had a nuclear-tipped  torpedo.
Vadim Orlov, a member of the submarine crew, told the conference  in Havana that the submarine was authorised to fire it if three officers agreed.  The officers began a fierce, shouting debate over whether to sink the ship. Two  of them said yes and the other said no.
"A guy named Arkhipov saved the  world," one of the conference co-hosts, Thomas Blanton, of George Washington  University, told the Washington Post.
The conference studied thousands of  newly declassified intelligence documents and photographs from American  archives. Guests included many who were in leading positions. Besides Mr  McNamara, there were other aides to President J F Kennedy: Arthur Schlesinger Jr  and Theodore Sorensen. Ethel Kennedy, the widow of Robert Kennedy, also  attended.
Despite the atmosphere of reconciliation, fostered in part by  Mr Castro's public condemnation of the Soviet leader, Nikita Khrushchev, for  "misleading" Mr Kennedy over the presence of the missiles, old tensions still  surfaced.
Dino Brugioni, a CIA analyst who interpreted the first U2 spy  plane photographs of the missiles, argued fiercely with Russian delegates who  said the Soviet Union never intended to fire them.
&&&&&&&&&&&
Missile crisis standoff left Castro resenting  Soviets
South Florida Sun-Sentinel - By William E. Gibson -  October 14, 2002
 
WASHINGTON -- Forty years ago today , an  American U-2 spy plane secretly swooped over western Cuba and shot photographs  that revealed the first hard evidence of Soviet ballistic missile sites in close  range of the United States.
The photographs shocked President John F.  Kennedy, who led the United States into a dramatic 13-day standoff with the  Soviet Union known as the Cuban Missile Crisis.
This story had a happy  ending, a worldwide cry of relief when the two superpowers pulled back from the  brink of war. Some experts on U.S.-Soviet relations trace détente -- a policy  marked by reduced tensions and arms-control agreements of the 1970s and '80s --  to the peaceful resolution of the missile crisis.
Yet this suspenseful  episode, perhaps the most dangerous moment in world history, cemented an  antagonistic relationship between the United States and Cuba that outlasted the  Cold War and stubbornly persists today.
When Cuban dictator Fidel Castro  talks about the U.S. "blockade" of Cuba, he is comparing the U.S. trade embargo  to the monthlong naval phalanx that put the Caribbean island under quarantine  four decades ago.
When the Bush administration today calls Cuba a sponsor  of terrorism and a potential bioterrorist threat, its suspicions reflect a Cold  War mentality and a constant stream of alienation that goes back to the missile  crisis and before.
"It's famous for being the point where both  superpowers looked over the brink and began to back away. It did lead to a  hotline between Washington and Moscow and much more willingness of both sides  (Soviet and American) to engage in arms-control discussions," said William  LeoGrande, a professor of political science and expert on Cuba and Central  America.
"As for U.S.-Cuba relations, they were as bad as they could get  before the missile crisis, and the missile crisis confirmed them as being bad.  The effect was to confirm Cuba as the enemy of the United States yet also  constrain the U.S. from direct military force against Cuba," LeoGrande  said.
In October 1962, at the height of the Cold War, the immediate task  before Kennedy, Khrushchev and their advisers was to prevent nuclear war.  Recently uncovered documents indicate the risks of annihilation were even  greater than the participants had imagined.
Tension mounts
Military convoys rumbled down South Florida's highways and many  Americans around the country were digging bomb shelters even before Kennedy  disclosed the U-2's photographs and warned the Soviets that any nuclear missile  launched from Cuba would be regarded as an attack on the United  States.
"On the main highways we were seeing tanks going south to Key  West and Homestead, not one but hundreds of them, with military jets flying  overhead," recalled Jaime Suchlicki, director of the Institute for Cuban and  Cuban-American Studies at the University of Miami. "You knew something serious  was happening."
In Washington, Kennedy met with his Executive Committee  of top advisers and after seven days of intense debate ordered a naval  quarantine around Cuba -- approved on Oct. 20, 1962, and announced two days  later -- to prevent delivery of Soviet offensive weapons. Robert McNamara,  defense secretary at the time, later recalled going to these meetings wondering  if the world would come to an end.
"The record points to even more danger  than people like McNamara thought. And McNamara thought there was a significant  possibility he would not live to see the sunrise," said Thomas Blanton,  executive director of the National Security Archive at George Washington  University.
"During the crisis, U.S. intelligence never detected a single  nuclear warhead. They knew there were missiles and missile sites and they just  had to assume there were some nuclear warheads. Now we know the Soviets had  nuclear weapons in Cuba all over the place."
Kennedy faced a decision on  whether to launch a pre-emptive strike to destroy the missile sites, similar to  the decision President Bush faces today on whether to invade Iraq to block  acquisition of nuclear weapons.
"When some military officials recommended  a pre-emptive air strike of missile sites followed by invasion, Kennedy asked,  `How sure are you that we can get them all.'" Blanton said, referring to  transcripts of the meetings. "They said, `Well, honestly, 90 percent.' And that  was one of the reasons he decided not to do a pre-emptive  strike."
Castro's `secret  speech'
With warheads already  ensconced in Cuba in various places, "the chances of some kind of nuclear  exchange, if only by accident, was even greater than was known at the time,"  Blanton said.
The United States also underestimated the extent of  Castro's anger toward the Soviet Union in the wake of the crisis. Furious that  the Soviets had struck a deal with Kennedy behind his back, Castro scorned his  ally for leaving Cuba to stand alone against the wrath of the North American  colossus.
The full force of Castro's sense of betrayal and vulnerability  was revealed in a recently uncovered text of a "secret speech" he delivered to  his Soviet comrades in 1968.
"As late as January 1968, Cuba felt  extraordinary antagonism toward the Soviet Union," said Philip Brenner,  professor of international relations at American University and co-author of Sad & Luminous Days, a book just published about the aftermath of the  crisis.
The "secret speech," Brenner said, debunks the long assumption  that by the mid-1960s Cuba was merely an agent of the Soviets spreading  monolithic communism to other parts of Latin America. The Soviets actually were  trying to curb Castro's foreign adventures, the speech indicates, because they  feared it would undermine Soviet leadership in the Third World and enflame  relations with the United States.
Weeks after the missile crisis, Soviet  Premier Nikita Khrushchev expressed worries that an "irrational" Castro would  renew tensions and possibly provoke war, newly released documents show. Cuba  "wants practically to drag us behind it with a leash, and wants to pull us into  a war with America by its actions," Khrushchev warned in a letter dated Nov. 16,  1962, to diplomatic aides in Cuba.
U.S. officials had always assumed that  Cuba was a puppet of the Soviet Union and they didn't need to deal directly with  the Cubans, Brenner said. "Rather than taking dictation from the Soviet Union,  they were resisting every effort to pressure them to stop this policy [of  exporting revolution.] We misunderstood the Cuban mindset and would have better  served our interests by dealing directly with Cuba rather than going through the  Soviets."
Some evidence indicates that Kennedy had some knowledge of  Castro's bitterness and tried to exploit it by exploring back-channel  discussions that might pull Cuba away from the Soviet orbit. According to  Brenner and other scholars, an unofficial emissary, a French journalist, was  actually meeting with Castro on Kennedy's behalf in Havana when Cuba got word  that Kennedy had been assassinated.
Lasting impact
Castro gradually  patched up relations with his Soviet patrons, and the United States settled into  a hardline policy toward Cuba that continues today. Both sides abided by the  agreements that were made in an exchange of letters between Kennedy and Soviet  leader Nikita Khrushchev, setting the course of U.S.-Cuba relations through the  Cold War and beyond.
Kennedy had forced the Soviets to back down and  withdraw their missiles, but in exchange he agreed to discretely remove U.S.  missiles based in Turkey. More important for this hemisphere, Kennedy also  promised the Soviets that the United States would never invade Cuba, a bitter  pill for many Cuban-Americans.
"It guaranteed the permanence of Fidel,"  said Suchlicki, the Cuban exile historian. "It allowed Fidel Castro to practice  world politics with some impunity, including supporting terrorist groups and  guerillas in Latin America. Fidel did whatever he wanted with that umbrella and  protection.
"Ironically, he was humiliated because the Soviets negotiated  directly with the U.S., but in the long historical view he emerged  victorious."
Brenner contends that the missile crisis nevertheless left  Castro feeling more vulnerable than before, betrayed by the Soviets and  constantly fearful that the United States would violate its agreement and try to  overthrow him. This fear, further fueled by U.S.-instigated assassination plots  and the tightening embargo, prompted a mania for security and suppression of any  signs of political opposition within Cuba.
Echoes of the missile crisis  still resound today, more than a decade after the demise of the Soviet  empire.
Though Castro abandoned his foreign interventions and the  Pentagon long ago concluded that Cuba posed no security threat to the United  States, the Bush administration continues to list it as one of the states that  sponsors terrorism, with the capacity to develop bio-chemical  weapons.
The confrontational relationship has taken many forms over the  past 40 years, spanning the terms of nine U.S. presidents, yet its underpinnings  remain firmly in place. In that sense, the missile crisis remains a standoff  without end.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&
After 40 years, a closer look
Boston Globe -  By Marion Lloyd, Globe Correspondent, 10/14/2002
US spy pilot  returns to site that touched off Cuban Missile Crisis
SAN  CRISTOBAL, Cuba - Captain William Ecker's first glimpse of this unremarkable  patch of Cuban countryside lasted only a few seconds, but it made an impact that  rippled throughout the world.
The date was Oct. 23, 1962. Ecker, a  retired US Navy reconnaissance pilot, flew the first low-level flight over a  Soviet missile site in San Cristobal, an agricultural community 75 miles west of  Havana.
The photos he brought back to Washington confirmed that the  Soviet Union was deploying offensive nuclear missiles in Cuba, just 80 miles  south of Florida, and pushed President John F. Kennedy into a nuclear showdown  with his Soviet counterpart, Nikita Khrushchev.
Yesterday, Ecker, 78,  returned to the site for the first time along with other veterans of the Cuban  Missile Crisis, including Kennedy administration officials, retired Soviet  generals, and Cuban military officers.
The field trip came at the end of  a three-day conference marking the 40th anniversary of the most dramatic episode  of the Cold War.
''It's kind of nice to be back,'' said Ecker as he  toured the remains of a Soviet missile bunker, the only surviving evidence of  the once-extensive military installations in Cuba. Today, the site is used as a  training base for Cuban army cadets. Swing sets and picnic tables have replaced  the ammunition stockpiles and troop tents.
In 1962, the Soviets had more  than 40,000 soldiers stationed on the island to guard several dozen medium- and  long-range nuclear missiles, as well as hundreds of tactical nuclear weapons.
For the missile crisis veterans, most of whom are now in their 70s and  80s, the visit evoked vivid memories.
''I am kind of a different person  since I took that photo,'' said Ecker, who was accompanied by his wife, Hazel,  of Medford, Mass. Ecker told how moments after returning to his base in Florida,  he was ordered to fly immediately to Washington to debrief the top US military  commander, General Maxwell Taylor, and hand over the spy film. He was later  awarded a medal of valor for carrying out the dangerous mission.
''The  photo I took helped Kennedy back down Khrushchev and [Adlai] Stevenson at the  UN,'' he said. In a pivotal moment of the 13-day crisis, Stevenson, Kennedy's  ambassador to the United Nations, caught the Soviets when he produced the proof  of the missile site in San Cristobal before the UN General Assembly. Previously,  Khrushchev had insisted that the Soviet Union did not have such weapons in Cuba.
''Imagine all that in just two to three seconds,'' Ecker said, referring  to the time it took him to blow by San Cristobal in his F-8 fighter jet.
Ecker's big moment in history was brought to public attention by  Kennedy's nephew Christopher Kennedy Lawford. Lawford, who joined Ecker  yesterday at the missile site, played the pilot in a film about the crisis, ''13  Days.''
''It's amazing to be here with these guys. Really amazing,''  said Lawford, who earlier sat beside President Fidel Castro of Cuba at a private  showing of the film in Havana in 2000.
Asked how his mission differed  from the movie version, Ecker said that while he was fired on, he was never hit  by Soviet antiaircraft fire. He said vultures flying over another Soviet base  posed a greater danger, since a collision could take off a plane's wing.
''If you really want to protect your missile site, put a bunch of dead  mules all around it, the buzzards will come, and you'll be safe,'' he joked.
Another key figure visiting the site was Anatoly Gribkov, 84, the Soviet  general who was in charge of the secret missile deployment in Cuba. He argued  that despite fears in Washington, the missiles were never intended to be used in  a preemptive strike against the United States, but rather as a deterrent against  an imminent US attack on Cuba.
''Not a single missile was operational,''  he said, pounding his fist against his chest. ''Everything possible was done to  prevent an unsanctioned launching.''
Gribkov described security measures  that included housing the warheads at least 90 miles away from the missile  sites, which were scattered throughout Cuba. However, he told how a jittery  local commander ordered warheads sent to a missile site on Oct. 26, at the  height of the crisis, without having received orders from Moscow.
Details on Soviet security lapses were among several new pieces of  information to surface during the weekend conference, which was the sixth  focusing on the missile crisis.
During the last meeting, in 1992,  scholars and veterans learned from declassified documents that the Soviets  already had tactical nuclear weapons on the island - information that would have  drastically changed Kennedy's thinking.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
Cuban conference relives missile crisis
BBC -  Monday, 14 October, 2002
The silos were very near to seeing  action
A conference in Havana marking the 40th anniversary of  the Cuban missile crisis has ended with a visit by participants to sites related  to the dispute that brought the United States and the Soviet Union to the brink  of nuclear war.
The delegates - who include politicians, military figures  and academics from the US, Russia and Cuba - travelled to an abandoned silo west  of Havana where Soviet nuclear missiles had been deployed.
I'm very glad  I'm seeing it here for the first time instead of on the back porch of the White  House headed for me!
Former Kennedy aide Ted Sorensen 
Amongst those present were the Soviet general who commanded the silo,  Anatoly Kribkov, and the US spy plane pilot, William Ecker, whose aerial  photographs were used to expose its existence.
The crisis ended when the  Moscow agreed to remove the missiles in return for the withdrawal of American  nuclear missiles from Turkey.
Photographic evidence
Captain  Ecker recalled how the last time he visited the site on 23 October he passed it  in a matter of seconds as he made a low-flying pass over the silo in an F-8 jet,  gathering information.
"I was only here for about two or three seconds  the last time. I was smoking, between 400 feet and 500 feet (120 and 150  metres)," he said.
Captain Ecker took the vital photos
"I knew  there was something there, but I didn't know exactly what until the film was  developed in Florida," he added.
After taking the black and white  pictures Captain Ecker flew straight to Washington where he was immediately sent  into a briefing with President John F Kennedy and the US joint chiefs of staff.
"The pictures I took that day were Kennedy's evidence to back down  Khrushchev," Captain Ecker said.
For his actions Kennedy later awarded  the pilot with the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Emotional visit
Former Kennedy aide Ted Sorensen was present at the briefing in  Washington.
"I have these extremely strong feelings standing on this  site where the photos were taken - the photos we were shown in the briefing  room," he said at the missile silo.
"It could have been the end of the  world, but here we are 40 years later - Americans, Cubans, Russians," he added.
When inspecting a medium range Soviet R-2 missile on display Mr Sorensen  said: "I'm very glad I'm seeing it here for the first time instead of on the  back porch of the White House headed for me!"
Although the Russian  general in command of the missile post denies that the warheads were ever  operational.
"Not a single warhead was affixed to a missile. We never  received any order from Moscow to bring the missiles to full combat readiness,"  said General Gribkov.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
Cold War Protagonists Tour  Cuba
Associated  Press - By  ANITA SNOW
SAN CRISTOBAL, Cuba (AP) - Retired Navy Capt. William Ecker  stood Sunday before the warhead bunker he photographed from 500 feet four  decades ago, giving President Kennedy extra evidence that Soviet missiles were  being stockpiled in Cuba.
``I knew there was something there, but I  didn't know exactly what until the film was developed in Florida,'' Ecker, 78,  said as a group of key actors from the Cuban missile crisis toured sites related  to the Cold War drama. ``I was really only here for two or three  seconds.''
After the film was developed in Jacksonville, Fla., later that  day of Oct. 23, 1962, Ecker continued on in the same RF-8A plane to Washington.  There, he was rushed to a briefing with Kennedy and the Joint Chiefs of  Staff.
``The pictures I took that day were Kennedy's evidence to back  down Khrushchev,'' said Ecker, who now lives in Punta Gorda, Fla. ``(U.S.  Ambassador) Adlai Stevenson later showed them at the United  Nations.''
The black and white photograph of the bunker, now whitewashed  and surrounded by towering palm trees, showed several men standing on the roof  and several in front. What appears to be construction materials are piled up off  to the side. ``Probable Nuclear Warhead Bunker Under Construction San Cristobal  Site 1,'' reads the title given by CIA photo analysts.
Other photographs  taken by Ecker's team showed an apparent missile launch site at this military  installation about 80 miles west of Havana. One image showed large tent-like  constructions that CIA analysts said appeared to be sheltering medium-range  missiles that could travel up to about 1,500 miles, along with a missile  erector.
Wearing a black navy pilot cap, Ecker pulled out his wallet to  show the black and white photograph taken the following year when Kennedy stood  before him on the tarmac at the naval base in Key West, Fla., to award him the  Distinguished Flying Cross.
The visits Sunday followed a two-day  gathering of American, Cuban and Russian protagonists in the missile crisis  drama, which brought the world to the precipice of nuclear  destruction.
``I have these extremely strong feelings standing on this  site where the photos were taken - the photos we were shown in the briefing  room,'' said former Kennedy aide Ted Sorensen, who was present when Ecker was  summoned to Washington. ``It could have been the end of the world, but here we  are 40 years later - Americans, Cubans, Russians.''
Studying thousands of  newly declassified materials from the governments involved, conference  participants learned that fast-moving events nearly spun out of control and  brought them closer to nuclear disaster than they earlier imagined.
Cuban  President Fidel Castro participated in the conference's closed door sessions on  Friday and Saturday as did former Defense Secretary Robert  McNamara.
Later, the former rivals said good-bye late Saturday with a  warm handshake as McNamara left Havana calling for an end to the risks of  nuclear catastrophe.
McNamara suggested moving ``toward eliminating the  risk of destruction of nations by nuclear weapons. That risk is unacceptable  today. We ought to address it.''
After McNamara left the conference  Saturday evening, Castro said that the former American defense chief mentioned  that he was now 86 and probably would not be around for the next missile crisis  conference 10 years from now.
``But he exhorted me to attend,'' joked  Castro, who is now 76, and said McNamara's good wishes were ``very  kind.''
The missile crisis began in mid-October 1962 when President  Kennedy learned that Cuba had Soviet nuclear missiles capable of reaching the  United States. The crisis was defused two weeks later when the Soviet Union  agreed to remove the missiles.
Former Kennedy aides Arthur Schlesinger  Jr. and Richard Goodwin also attended the conference, as well as former CIA  analyst Dino Brugioni, who interpreted American spy photos of Soviet missiles in  Cuba.
 
