   Deep Politics III   by Peter Dale Scott
 
V. THE KENNEDY-CIA DIVERGENCE OVER CUBA
“It is inconceivable that a secret intelligence    arm of the government has to comply with all the overt orders of the government”
                                                                         -- James Angleton [1]
Two recent books on the tribulations of the Kennedy presidency have attributed    the brothers’ aggressiveness towards Cuba in 1963 to (in the words of Alexander    Haig, a junior observer) “the impatient prodding of Robert Kennedy.” [2] Both books argue further (though in different ways)    that Bobby’s dabbling in these murderous operations “somehow contributed to    his brother’s murder.” [3]
I shall suggest in this chapter that in 1963, after the Cuban Missile Crisis,    the Kennedys’ Cuban operations were carefully thought out, and not just attributable    as Mahoney suggests to Bobby’s “violent antipathy to Castro.” [4] On the contrary, we shall see that    their timing corroborates what JFK himself spoke of in 1963, the targeting of    Cuba as part of an elaborate tit-for-tat chess game with the Soviet Union, to    retaliate against what were perceived to be Soviet aggressions elsewhere:
As he had explained to the National Security Council on January    22, 1963…”…We can use Cuba to limit Soviet actions in the way the Russians use    Berlin to limit our actions.” Now, on April 19, faced with Communist moves in    Southeast Asia, the President remarked at least twice that he wanted to link    the continued Soviet presence in Cuba with Communist activities in Laos. The    Soviets, he commented, were “continuing the type of harassment effort that we    had stopped by the Cuban exiles,” and they were not moving out of Cuba as we    wished.” [5]
It does not appear that the Kennedys shared this higher rationale for their    Cuban tactics with either the CIA or the Joint Chiefs. Both the CIA and the    Pentagon had been at odds with the White House following the Kennedys’ failure    to bail out the disastrous Bay of Pigs fiasco. In addition the Joint Chiefs    of Staff had been excluded from Ex Comm meetings after their recommendations    of an invasion to remove Castro from power. [6] It is clear that the Kennedys’ tight control over Cuban ops, for purposes which    were either not understood or not shared by subordinates, contributed to further    tensions within an already divided administration. Above all, as CIA officer    Walter Elder told Seymour Hersh, “There was an intense dislike in CIA for Bobby.” [7]
In all the discussions about the John F. Kennedy assassination, there have    been major disagreements about the full range of Kennedy's policies in 1963    towards Cuba. It is clear however that he was simultaneously pursuing more than    one "track" in 1963, and that in one of these tracks -- the exploration    of a possible accommodation with Castro through direct contacts -- the President    pointedly excluded the CIA.
The carrot of accommodation was not the only track. We shall see that by June    the Kennedys were also applying the stick of sabotage operations (in conjunction    with the CIA). But there were powerful reasons prompting the Kennedys towards    accommodation and even direct contacts with Castro representatives, reasons    pointing beyond Cuba to the President's larger hopes for accommodation and improved    relations with the Soviet Union.
In 1963 both strategies of accommodation, with Cuba and with the Soviet Union,    developed increasingly hostile opposition, in the country, in Congress, and    even within the Administration. Particularly within the CIA, those elements    still smarting from the Bay of Pigs defeat went beyond their policy directives    to frustrate the accommodation track.
I shall argue that senior officials within the CIA, notably Richard Helms and    Desmond FitzGerald, knew of the Kennedy brothers' secret moves to initiate direct    communications with Castro, disapproved of them, and took steps to poison them.    Their most flagrant action was to initiate a new series of secret meetings with    a known assassin and suspected double agent, Rolando Cubela Secades (code-named    AMLASH), at which a major topic of discussion was the assassination of Fidel    Castro. Helms, without consulting the Attorney General, authorized a contact    plan whereby in October 1963 (and possibly again on November 22) FitzGerald    met with Cubela, and promised him material assistance in assassinating Castro,    while posing (falsely) as a "personal representative of Robert F. Kennedy." [8]
This meeting seems to have been designed to poison the informal Kennedy-Castro    contacts already under way. For there was already anxiety within the Agency    that Cubela, who had refused to be polygraphed in 1962, was reporting the substance    of these contacts to Castro. We shall see that FitzGerald's own Counterintelligence    Chief, Harold Swenson (“Joseph Langosch”), recommended with another CIA officer    that FitzGerald not meet with Cubela. [9]
There were good reasons for their advice. On September 7, 1963, within hours    of the first new CIA meeting with Cubela in Brazil, Castro had turned up at    the Brazilian Embassy in Havana, and warned "U.S. leaders" that "if    they are aiding U.S. terrorist plans to eliminate Cuban leaders, they themselves    will not be safe." [10] At the time, and thereafter, "nervous CIA men wondered whether Castro had    chosen the Brazilian Embassy to make his threat in order to signal his knowledge    of the Sao Paolo meeting." [11]
It cannot be conclusively proven that these secret assassination rendez-vous    with Cubela from September to November 1963 were designed to frustrate    the President's accommodation track. (One clear factor here is that once again    there has been much lying in high places; we can name some of those who have    engaged in possibly felonious cover-up.) But even to entertain this hypothesis    of a perverse design is to raise a serious question about the recurring stories    we shall consider in Chapter VIII, that Oswald either offered information about    a CIA plot to kill Castro, or alternatively offered, within the Cuban Consulate,    to kill Kennedy (a move allegedly interpreted by the Cubans as a crude but official    CIA provocation). Either of these two initiatives, while too clumsy and indeed    bizarre to gain Cuban interest and "assistance," could nonetheless    have had the immediate effect of further poisoning any trust that was beginning    to develop, outside the CIA, between representatives of Castro and the President.
It is not gratuitous to link Oswald's provocative talk of assassination with    FitzGerald's. For as we shall see, Oswald in Mexico was being watched and reported on by Ann Goodpasture, a member of the same small conspiratorial FI/D Staff    (or Staff D), which at the same time was engaged on the tightly held secret    task of preparing exotic poison devices for delivery to Cubela, possibly by    FitzGerald himself, on November 22, 1963. [12]
Cuban Exile Attacks Against Soviet and Cuban    Targets
On March 30, 1963, the U.S. State and Justice Departments (the latter of course    headed by Robert Kennedy) jointly announced that they would take "every    step necessary" to ensure that raids by Cuban exiles against Cuba were "not launched, manned, or equipped from U.S. territory." Surveillance    of the exiles and their bases was immediately intensified. [13] This was one day after CIA Director McCone had    recommended that the U.S. not prevent the raiders from using the U.S. as a base. [14]
The primary concern behind this policy shift was not Cuba but the Soviet Union.    In March the Cuban exile group Alpha 66, and its spin-off, Comandos L, had been    targeting Soviet ships in Cuban waters, hoping to wreck the U.S.-Soviet agreement    over Cuba that had been reached after the Cuban Missile Crisis. (The terms of    that agreement had not been fully disclosed, but were generally understood to    include a U.S. promise not to invade Cuba if the Soviet Union proceeded to withdraw    its missiles and most of its troops.) [15] On March 18 Alpha attacked the Russian freighter    Lvov at Isabela de Sagua in Cuba; nine days later Comandos L blew up the Soviet    freighter Baku in Caibarién, ruining 10,000 bags of sugar. [16]
Not everyone accepted the decision to end the US-based raids.
Captain Bradley Earl Ayers, a paratrooper assigned to CIA, recalled General    Victor Krulak, the JCS counterinsurgency specialist, telling him in the spring    of 1963 that the operations attributed to exile groups were mostly “planned    and conducted under the supervision of the CIA…from bases in southern Florida.”…Despite    the death of [anti-Castro Opertion] Mongoose and the lack of Special Group authorization,    CIA/Miami evidently continued, under exile cover, to wage its private war against    Castro. [17]
These anti-Soviet raids also had the blessing and financial backing of Henry    Luce and his Time-Life empire, which allegedly “spent close to a quarter of    a million dollars during 1963-1964 on the renegade Cuban exile commandos.” [18] Life magazine    dispatched a correspondent, Andrew St. George, to take part in the March 27    attack on the Soviet freighter Baku. [19] (Such arrangements usually meant that Life helped underwrite the costs    of the raid.)
Some authors allege that the Soviet-targeted raids were masterminded by a CIA    officer, possibly David Phillips, operating under the pseudonym "Maurice    Bishop." [20] If so, CIA Director McCone dissembled at the March 29 Ex Comm meeting, claiming    only that the plans of these groups “are discussed openly” in the exile Cuban    colony, whence they “are picked up by CIA.” [21]
Recently the claim of CIA non-involvement has been told in a different way    by former CIA officers in the Special Affairs Staff responsible for anti-Castro    activities. Samuel Halpern, Executive Assistant to SAS Chief Desmond FitzGerald,    claimed to Seymour Hersh that the raiders “were getting different orders from    Bobby. We [in CIA] never knew what was going on.” [22]
Halpern has been one of the most vociferous anti-Kennedy voices among CIA veterans,    and some statements of his to Gus Russo can only be called disinformation:
Everyone at CIA was surprised at Kennedy’s obsession with Fidel….We all knew    he [Fidel] couldn’t hurt us. Most of us at CIA initially liked Kennedy, but    why go after this little guy? One thing is for sure: Kennedy wasn’t doing it    out of national security concerns. It was a personal thing. [23]
Russo fails to point out it was the CIA, not Kennedy, who dreamed up the Bay    of Pigs. In fact it is clear from the Foreign Relations of the United States that if anyone in the government had an obsession about getting rid of Castro    in 1963, it was CIA Director McCone. [24] (This is not to mention the attitudes of military men like Air Force Chief Curtis    LeMay, who considered the compromise resolution of the Missile Crisis “the greatest    defeat in our history.”) [25]
Hersh develops Halpern’s theme in a close reading of the March 29 record that    is outrageous. He writes that “There was an immediate consensus among the Ex    Comm members…that the United States should do all it could to stop the exile    raids.” But they were “out of the loop,” unlike the “Kennedy brothers, who    knew better than anyone else that the exiles in question had likely been    `shooting at the Russians.’” [26]
In fact the record shows very clearly that McCone argued against terminating    the raids, both orally and in a written memorandum. He “said the continuance    of the raids would cause trouble inside Cuba and would discredit Castro in Latin    America.” His written memo added his “personal view that a concerted and publicized    effort to `stand down’ these operations would probably draw more public and    press criticism” than would result from tolerating them. The record is unambiguous    that the clearest support for “a complete stand down” came from “the AG” – Bobby    Kennedy. [27]
Not mentioned at all by Hersh is that the stand down was (as noted above) publicly    announced by State and Justice the next day, and immediately put into effect.    Instead Hersh jumps to June 1963, when “Jack Kennedy, fully aware of all the    negatives involved [i.e., expressed at the March 29 meeting], formally approved    the CIA’s covert support for the ad hoc raids.” [28] But this is a confusion of two    different stories: the raids against Soviet targets in March, which were launched    from the US and promptly terminated, and the raids authorized in June, which    were to be launched from outside the United States and specified Cuban targets    only.
The latter story can be traced through various stages of development in the    State Department official history. The dates are important, because at every    stage the President was clearly thinking about Cuba in the context of the Soviet    Union.
1)       Memo from Sterling Cottrell, Coordinator of Cuban Affairs, for Ex Comm    meeting of January 25, 1963: Actions recommend “support for Cuban exiles who    are seeking to return the 26 of July Movement to its original aims.” [29]  
This was three days after the President, on January 22, “had designated Cuba    as the Soviets’ vulnerable spot: `The President pointed out that we must always    be in a position to threaten Cuba as a possible riposte to Russian pressure….’” [30]
2)       Memo from Cottrell for April 18 meeting of the Special Group: “Proposed    New Covert Policy” asking whether the US should move beyond the above policy    “to a program of sabotage, harassment and resistance activities.” [31] According    to HSCA testimony, Bobby Kennedy at this meeting “pushed hard for more sabotage    and harassment, plus support of exile groups.’” [32]
The context here was Laos. At an NSC meeting on Laos April 20, “The President    stated his belief that it was necessary to raise the pressure somewhat in Cuba.    He felt that we could hardly carry out a mild policy in Cuba at a time when    the Communists are carrying out an aggressive policy in Laos.” [33] When the conversation turned briefly    to Cuba, “The President commented that with the prisoners out of Cuba, we might    be in a position to act against Cuba if Khrushchev made no move to halt the    deterioration in Laos. He asked what action we could take against Cuba.” [34]
3)       On June 19 [the meeting to which Hersh refers] the President approved    an integrated program, including sabotage, harassment, and support for autonomous    anti-Castro Cuban groups, that had been approved the previous day by the Standing    Group of the NSC. [35] According to the memo, the President    “showed a particular interest in proposed external sabotage operations,” and    “asked how soon we could get into action with the external sabotage program.” [36]
June 19 was again a date on which the President was being asked to consider    how to deal with a deteriorating situation in Indochina, particularly in Laos.    On this same day he discussed a major State-Defense paper which among other    options contemplated a possible move “to air action against North Vietnam and    the mining of North Vietnamese ports.” [37] Once again the unattractiveness of a major escalation in Asia designated Cuba    as a more vulnerable spot for retaliation.
                The record shows that some in the Kennedy entourage saw the    Indochina-Cuba equation as an opportunity for peaceful as well as hostile initiatives:
The President’s Office Files at the Kennedy Library include a memorandum written    in the late summer or early fall of 1963 that raises another interesting possibility.    Entitles “Observations on Vietnam and Cuba,” it suggested that the USSR and    United States were bogged down, respectively, in unprofitable Cuban and Vietnamese    predicaments from which they would probably like to escape. It suggested enlisting    de Gaulle’s help to combine Soviet withdrawal from Cuba with American withdrawal    from Vietnam, while working for the neutralization of Vietnam under French auspices.    The memo, however, is unsigned and undated, and nothing is known about the reaction    it provoked. [38]
I have suggested elsewhere that this explains why Kennedy in 1963, a year in    which the Vietnam War was reported to be going well militarily, surprisingly    almost doubled the number of US troops in Vietnam, to almost 17,000. [39] McCone had repeatedly warned both    the President and Congress about the threat of 17,000 Soviet troops in Cuba. [40]
The "Separate Track" of Accommodation    and Direct Contacts with Castro
In truth 1963 was a year of hopeful developments for peaceful coexistence,    primarily with the Soviet Union, but also (a necessarily related topic) with    Cuba. This favored Kennedy's Cuba policy of what McGeorge Bundy called the "separate    track" of accommodation with Castro, as documented by the Assassination    Report of the Church Committee:
As early as January 4, 1963, Bundy proposed to President Kennedy    that the possibility of communicating with Castro be explored. (Memorandum,    Bundy to the President, 1/4/63). Bundy's memorandum on "Cuba Alternatives" of April 23 [sic, i.e. April 21], 1963, also listed the "gradual development    of some form of accommodation with Castro" among policy alternatives. (Bundy    memorandum, 4/21/63) At a meeting on June 3, 1963, the Special Group agreed    it would be a "useful endeavour" to explore "various possibilities    of establishing channels of communication to Castro." (Memorandum of Special    Group meeting, 6/6/63) [41]
The date of the April memo, April 21, is an interesting one. That very morning    the New York Times had reported Castro's charge that the U.S. had abandoned    a plan for a second invasion of Cuba in favor of a plot to assassinate Cuban    leaders. The charge, as reported, may have been in error. Bundy's memo actually    called for the National Security Council's Standing Group (successor to the    Ex Com of the Cuban Missile crisis) to assess the consequences to the U.S. of    Castro's dying independently. As might have been expected, in May the Group    agreed with the CIA's Board of National Estimates that the consequences would    probably be unfavorable. Castro's probable successors, Raul Castro and Che Guevara,    were long-time overt Marxist-Leninists, deemed to be even more anti-U.S. than    Fidel. [42]
Soon after the Bundy memo and NSC Group meeting of April 23, Averell Harriman    made a quick trip to Khrushchev in Moscow as the President's personal emissary.    Harriman's view was that Khrushchev and his bureaucracy were divided over the    issue of a hard line or accommodation towards America, much as Kennedy and the    CIA were rumored to be. [43] Harriman had three    major agenda items to discuss which threatened to block an improvement in U.S.-Soviet    relations: violations of the 1962 Laotian Accords, the problem of Cuba, and    continued atomic testing. [44]
On April 3 and April 11 Khrushchev and Kennedy had exchanged secret letters    that in part concerned Cuba. [45] At the same time    a highly-publicized meeting of eight Presidium members without Khrushchev prompted    rumors that Khrushchev would soon be ousted. Then on April 11 the leading hard-liner,    Frol Kozlov, suffered a near-fatal seizure; and disappeared forever from Soviet    politics. Khrushchev met the next day with Norman Cousins, editor of the Saturday    Review, and passed the informal message that he was ready for a "fresh    start" with Kennedy. [46] Kennedy received Cousins at the White House on April 22, and Harriman left for    Moscow soon after to meet Khrushchev. Fidel Castro also left on April 26 for    the Soviet Union at Khrushchev's invitation.
On April 21 and again on April 24, shortly before he left, Castro told Lisa    Howard of ABC that the "U.S. limitations on exile raids" were "a    proper step toward accommodation." [47] On her return to the United States, Lisa Howard told CIA officials that Castro
was "looking for a way to reach a rapprochement," probably    for economic reasons. She thought Guevara and Raul Castro would oppose an accommodation,    but both [René] Vallejo [Castro's doctor] and [Raul] Roa [the Foreign Minister]    favored negotiations. Castro gave her the impression that he was ready to talk    with "proper progressive spokesmen," though Kennedy would probably    have to make the first move. [48]
An edited version of Howard's report appeared on ABC on May 10.
The simultaneous convergence on Moscow of Harriman and Castro was thus preceded    by signals that progress in accommodation between them could be brokered by    Khrushchev (who had every motive vis-a-vis his own hard-liners to be successful    in this respect). But what looked hopeful to some evoked paranoia in others.    Soon the right-wing journalists Robert Allen and Paul Scott, who wrote from    sources in military intelligence, wrote a column under the provocative title, "Did Harriman Meet Castro in Russia?" They reported that the Senate    Preparedness Subcommittee, chaired by the pro-military Senator John Stennis,    was investigating the allegation that the two men had met "around April    28, in either Moscow or Murmansk" (where both were visiting). Castro allegedly    was seeking diplomatic recognition in exchange for a reduction in Soviet troop    levels. The article was placed in the Congressional Record by Bruce Alger,    a right-wing Congressman from Dallas. [49]
Though inadequate to demonstrate that such a face-to-face meeting occurred,    the article (together with the reprinting of it in the Congressional Record)    is an important symptom of the political opposition developing in Washington    to the process of accommodation.
The Track of Overthrow From Within
In fact, though not all of the Kennedys' opponents knew it, the accommodation    track was not the only one being explored by the Kennedy brothers. On March    14, Robert had sent his brother a memo urging a combined program to stop Cuban    subversion abroad and to appeal within Cuba to elements of the Cuban military:
John McCone spoke at the meeting today about revolt amongst the    Cuban military. He described the possibilities in rather optimistic terms....Do    we have evidence of any break amongst the top Cuban leaders and if so, is the    CIA or USIA attempting to cultivate that feeling? I would not like it said a    year from now that we could have had this internal breakup in Cuba but we just    did not set the stage for it. [50]
The Bundy memo of April 21 envisaged a total of three possible options: a)    forcing "a non-Communist solution in Cuba by all necessary means," b) insisting on "major but limited ends," c) moving "in the direction    of a gradual development of some form of accommodation with Castro." [51]
There are abundant indications in the newly released CIA documents that the    CIA, along with other agencies, became part of a new U.S. strategy aimed at    promoting revolt from within Cuba, particularly among the Cuban military. This    inter-agency plan was called AMTRUNK inside the CIA, and "Operation Leonardo" by its original authors, George Volsky of USIA, the Cuban exile Nestor Moreno,    and Tad Szulc of the New York Times. Szulc, who had excellent connections    inside the Kennedy White House, presented the plan in early 1963 to Robert Hurwitch,    the State Department Cuban Coordinator, when the State Department and the White    House pressured the CIA "to consider a proposal for an on-island operation    to split the Castro regime." [52] Among the CIA representatives at the meeting was    Dave Morales, the chief of covert operations in JMWAVE, the CIA’s Miami station. [53]
The CIA's own documents make it abundantly clear how distasteful this White    House-backed plan was to them. Old disagreements from the Bay of Pigs operation    were revived: the White House wished to use participants in the original Castro    revolution, notably men close to Manolo Ray and Huber Matos; and such men were    anathema to the more right-wing Cubans who had defected earlier and been championed    by the CIA. By 1963 Ray and Nestor Moreno, both close to Szulc, had formed the    anti-CIA and anti-Castro group JURE, which not only rejected CIA influence but    was suspected by CIA of trying to penetrate its JMWAVE operations. The links    of Moreno and Volsky to JURE became key arguments in the CIA's case for disliking    AMTRUNK. [54]
By April 5, 1963, JMWAVE Station Chief Theodore Shackley was ready to recommend    that the whole AMTRUNK operation "be terminated at the earliest possible    moment:"
The AMTRUNKers admit to being anti-KUBARK [CIA] and to be working "with" KUBARK now only because there was no alternative if they were    to accomplish their mission....[Redacted, a key AMTRUNK member] believes he    is receiving special attention because of his [Washington] connections, and    he will not hesitate to go behind KUBARK's back to AMTRUNK-1 [Volsky]...or higher    authority, if the operation or KUBARK handling of AMTRUNK does not progress    to his liking. [55]
This recommendation to terminate was supported at Headquarters, whose return    cable to JMWAVE on April 10 "concurred that the AMTRUNK operation should    be terminated for a number of reasons, including the fact that CIA could not    at that time be certain that hostile elements [these, in CIA's view, included    Volsky and Szulc] were unaware of the plan." [56]
Nevertheless, after the decision recorded in the April 21 Bundy memo, the CIA    continued to support the AMTRUNK operation until March 1964. [57] In the Johnson era, however, the purpose of AMTRUNK appears to have changed    completely. Instead of infiltrating agents to woo Cuban military leaders, AMTRUNK    operations in early 1964 had become the depositing inside Cuba of Belgian FAL    rifles for the assassination of Castro. [58] Along with this change in AMTRUNK's purpose, the CIA JMWAVE Station terminated    the involvement of Nestor Moreno, the plan's original author, "in the sensitive    aspects of AMTRUNK in November 1963." [59] AMTRUNK in other words was by this time subordinated to the Rolando Cubela/AMLASH    operation, which had become similarly diverted from politics to assassination    (see Chapter VI).
The CIA's continued support of AMTRUNK appears to have been unwilling; and    Headquarters soon implemented Shackley's alternative recommendation of giving    AMTRUNKers cash to mount their own independent operations. [60] As noted above, on June 18 the Standing Group approved    a sabotage program of raids by exiles, "to nourish a spirit of resistance    and disaffection which could lead to significant defections and other byproducts    of unrest." [61] It was hoped that the pressures on the economy would contribute to "internal    discontent that would take appropriate political and military forms." [62] This "track two" concept of "autonomous    operations," as distinguished to the "track one" of CIA's support    of Artime, was proposed by Walt Rostow of the State Department (a political    ally of Lyndon Johnson). One principal beneficiary proved to be JURE, the group    which CIA suspected of being behind AMTRUNK. [63] Because "track    two" supplied resources to JURE for military operations, it had the effect    of de-emphasizing the political objectives of the original Plan Leonardo.
Both the plans for an internal military-based coup and the supporting infiltration    and sabotage missions were hereafter known to the CIA as AMTRUNK. The renewed    CIA sabotage operations became operational in August 1963. As part of this program,    a new exile group, with U.S. Army training and advisers, launched raids on August    18 and October 21 as "Comandos Mambises," from the CIA ship "Rex," a former subchaser. [64]
Rolando Cubela, himself an Army Major, was by CIA accounts approached in 1963    because of his contacts in the Cuban military. His case officers were also part    of an operation (which can only be AMTRUNK)
to penetrate the Cuban military to encourage either defections    or an attempt to produce information from dissidents, or perhaps even to forming    a group which would be capable of replacing the then government in Cuba. [65]
As mentioned above, in 1964 AMTRUNK teams were used by the CIA to supply assassination    rifles with long-distance scopes to Cubela (AMLASH). [66]
The CIA's redirection of AMTRUNK exemplified their long-term disagreement with    the Kennedy White House over policy objectives. Arthur Schlesinger has argued    that, since 1961:
The CIA wished to organize Castro's overthrow from outside Cuba, as against the White House, the Attorney General's office and State who    wished to support an anti-Castro movement inside Cuba. The CIA's idea    was to fight a war; the others hoped to promote a revolution. Any successful    anti-Castro movement inside Cuba would have to draw on disenchanted Castroites    and aim to rescue the revolution from the Communists. This approach, stigmatized    as Fidelismo sin Fidel, was opposed by businessmen, both Cuban and American,    who dreamed of the restoration of nationalized properties. But the CIA alternative    was probably dictated less by business interests than by the agency's preference    for operations it could completely control -- especially strong in this case    because of the Cuban reputation for total inability to keep anything secret. [67]
To this preference for control can be added another one. The CIA, despite its    fiasco at the Bay of Pigs, was still hoping to reassert itself as the preferred    agency for paramilitary operations, which had accounted for the biggest item    in its annual budget. In this respect AMTRUNK, an inter-agency operation, may    have been distasteful to it, because by all accounts the key co-ordinating role    was given, not to the CIA, but to the Department of the Army under Cyrus Vance    and his aides Joseph Califano and Alexander Haig. [68]
Given the normal CIA penchant for secrecy, it is the more remarkable that the    CIA, at the Brazil meeting in September, took the suspected blabbermouth Cubela    into its AMTRUNK planning. According to the CIA's IG Report of 1967,
Cubela discussed a group of Cuban military officers known to him,    and possible ways of approaching them. The problem was, he explained, that although    many of them were anti-Communist, they were either loyal to Fidel or so afraid    of him that they were reluctant to discuss any conspiracies for fear they might    be provocations. Cubela said that he thought highly of [redacted, apparently    Major Ramon Guin Diaz] (AMTRUNK-[short redaction]) who was hiding [redacted,    identified by the Cubans as the infiltrated CIA agent "Miguel Diaz"].    ["Diaz"] had been sent to Cuba to recruit [Guin] in place, and had    done so. Cubela said he planned to use [Guin] but was concerned about [Guin's] "nervous condition" and the fact that he drank heavily. Cubela was    told to assist [Guin] in [Guin's] intelligence assignments, but not to help    [Guin] leave Cuba -- as Cubela proposed. [69]
According to a later memo from Helms to Rusk, Ramon Guin "was recruited    by a CIA agent in August 1963 inside Cuba as a Principal Agent to recruit high-level    military leaders." [70] By all accounts the October 29 meeting of FitzGerald with Cubela continued to    focus on what Richard Helms, the senior CIA official cognizant of the AMLASH    meetings, later called in testimony "the political action part of it...have    a group to replace Castro." [71]
Excluding the CIA: The Secret Attwood Initiative
Robert Kennedy's penchant for pro-active operations, even if rationalized as    a "stick" to encourage Castro to behave reasonably, was clearly unhelpful    to unblocking the accommodation track. Sabotage missions in particular had been denounced in September, not only by Castro, but also the Soviet Union. [72]
Nevertheless the accommodations track, even if interrupted from time to time,    seems never to have died under Kennedy. On June 3 the Special Group agreed that    it would be a "useful endeavor" to explore "various possibilities    of establishing channels of communication to Castro." [73]
Shortly afterwards a public suggestion by Castro that Cuba might consider normalization    of relations was rebuffed by John Kennedy at a press conference. The President    attacked Cuba as a Soviet satellite. It is possible however that another cause    for concern was the fear of some experts, apparently unfounded at this time,    that Castro might be tilting towards Beijing in the increasingly evident Sino-Soviet    split. [74]
Despite this public rebuff, in September the President approved secret contacts    at the UN in New York between a Special Advisor to the U.S. Delegation, William    Attwood, and the Cuban Ambassador to the U.N., Carlos Lechuga. On September    5 Lisa Howard told Attwood she was convinced that Castro wanted to restore communications    with the United States, and she offered to arrange a social gathering in her    apartment so that Attwood could meet informally with Lechuga. (It is not clear    if Howard was simply reacting to her Castro interview, or whether the Cubans    had proposed talks on September 5, as suggested by the Schweiker-Hart Report.) [75] (Note that September    5 was two days before the CIA resumed contact with Cubela in Brazil; Attwood    comments laconically that "the CIA must have had an inkling of what was    happening from phone taps and surveillance of Lechuga.") [76]
A week later Attwood went to Washington and saw Harriman, a man with whom he    had traveled to India in 1959. Harriman was interested in the proposed approach    to Lechuga; and he requested a memo which Attwood submitted to him on September    19. Attwood's memo transmitted information from Guinea's U.N. Ambassador that    Castro was unhappy about his dependence on the Soviet Union "and would    go to some length to obtain normalization of relations" with the U.S. It    proposed a discreet inquiry to achieve three objectives: "a. The evacuation    of all Soviet bloc military personnel. b. An end to subversive activities by    Cuba in Latin America. c. Adoption by Cuba of a policy of non-alignment." [77] The President gave his approval    via Ambassador Adlai Stevenson at the U.N., but it was understood that Attwood    would report directly to McGeorge Bundy in the White House. The CIA and the    State Department were to be excluded. (Stevenson's response to Attwood's memo    was that "Unfortunately the CIA is still in charge of Cuba.") [78]
In addition to knowing Harriman, Attwood had interviewed Castro in 1959 as    an editor of Look magazine. [79] On becoming Kennedy's Ambassador to Guinea, he was exposed to the neutralist    initiatives of Guinea's President Sekou Touré and Ghana's President Kwame Nkrumah,    both of whom were on good terms with Castro. Attwood monitored Cuba as an Advisor    to the U.S. Delegation at the 1962 Session of the UN General Assembly. [80] It was the Ghanaian Ambassador to the UN who in    March of 1963 had obtained a Cuban visa for Lisa Howard; and it was the Guinean    Ambassador to Cuba who in September told Attwood that Castro, dissatisfied with    his Soviet relationship, was looking for a way to escape. [81]
The first meeting between Attwood and Lechuga took place on September 23, 1963,    at a cocktail party hosted for this very purpose by Lisa Howard. [82] (Note that this meeting occurred just four days before Oswald, in Mexico City,    is supposed to have made contact with Silvia Durán, whom the CIA had reported    in early 1963 to be Carlos Lechuga's mistress.) [83] The meeting was    productive, and produced a series of informal contacts broken only by Kennedy's    death on November 22.
Attwood saw Robert Kennedy the day after his rendezvous with Lechuga.    Robert told Attwood that a Havana visit would be too risky. It was bound to    leak....But the general idea was worth pursuing. He told Attwood to stay in    touch with Bundy and his staff man on Cuban affairs, Gordon Chase. The Attorney    General consulted his brother, who declared himself willing to normalize relations    if Castro ended the Soviet bloc military presence on his island, broke ties    with the Cuban Communists, and stopped the subversion of Latin America. [84]
Robert Kennedy proposed that direct U.S. contacts with a special Castro emissary,    as proposed by Attwood, should take place at a neutral site in Mexico, with    Lisa Howard serving as a go-between. [85] We do not yet know if Thomas Mann, the U.S. Ambassador in Mexico, or Win Scott,    the CIA Station Chief, were in any way consulted about, or alerted to, the projected    meeting.
UN Ambassador Adlai Stevenson contributed to Attwood's initiative with a speech     suggesting "that if Castro wanted peace with his neighbors, he could have    it if he stopped trying to subvert other nations, stopped taking orders from    Moscow and started carrying out the original democratic pledges of his revolution.” [86]
Framing the Kennedys: The Conflict Between    the AMLASH and Attwood Initiatives
On October 24, at Attwood's urging, the President saw the French journalist    Jean Daniel, who was about to interview Castro in Havana. (Note that this is    just five days before the meeting with AMLASH in which FitzGerald presented    himself, falsely, as a representative of Robert Kennedy.)
The President is not known to have mentioned the problem of the Cuban Communists    to Daniel, but complained that Castro had "agreed to be a Soviet agent    in Latin America." "`The continuation of the blockade,' Kennedy said,    `depends on the continuation of subversive activities.' Then: `Come and see    me on your return from Cuba. Castro's reactions interest me.'" [87] Daniel went on to wait three frustrating    weeks in Havana before seeing Castro.
On October 11, and again six days later, Cubela in Europe had asked to meet    a high-level U.S. government official, "preferably Robert F. Kennedy," for "assurances that the U.S. Government would support him if his enterprise    were successful." [88] On October 29, five days after the President's meeting with Daniel, Desmond    FitzGerald met with Cubela in Paris, using the AMLASH case officer Nestor Sanchez    as an interpreter. [89] According to the CIA's I.G. Report,    the contact plan for the meeting, a copy of which was in the AMLASH file, had    this to say on its cover: "Fitzgerald will present self as personal representative    of Robert F. Kennedy who traveled Paris for specific purpose meeting Cubela    and giving him assurances of full U.S. support if there is change of the present    government in Cuba." FitzGerald claimed he discussed the planned meeting    with the DD/P (Helms) who decided it was not necessary to seek approval from    Robert Kennedy for FitzGerald to speak in his name. [90] Helms, for whom the I.G. Report    was prepared, later confirmed that he had not consulted the Attorney General. [91]
Sanchez' report of the meeting does not mention assassination. It says that    FitzGerald told Cubela U.S. support "will be forthcoming only after a real    coup has been effected and the group involved is in a position to request U.S....recognition    and support." [92] Nevertheless both FitzGerald and Cubela agree that assassination was discussed.    FitzGerald recalled that Cubela wanted "a high-powered rifle with telescopic    sights." [93] Cubela, conversely, told his interviewer    Tony Summers that "it was the CIA who brought up the idea of assassination    in the first place -- and he who resisted." [94]
Even if assassination was not the purpose, this meeting between a high-level    CIA official and Cubela, a well-known assassin, was extraordinary, perhaps unprecedented. [95] Normally the CIA    uses covers and (when assassins are involved) intermediaries or cut-outs. In    the well-studied case of the Giancana- Roselli-CIA plots against Castro, the    CIA even used one cut-out (Maheu) to contact another (Giancana). Cubela's inability    to keep a secret had become known to the CIA a year earlier; and two CIA officials    (Shackley and Swenson alias Langosch) later testified that they had warned    FitzGerald against this meeting. [96] Their fears were well-grounded. Earlier that same month the FBI had learned    of the renewed CIA-Cubela contact (in a report that was not transmitted to the    CIA). [97]
There is perhaps one other case where the CIA in 1963 prepared to abandon its    normal guidelines of plausible deniability, and it too raises questions of the    CIA's loyalty to the Kennedys. In 1962 Robert Kennedy's representative James    Donovan, a New York attorney, along with John Nolan of Kennedy's staff, had    negotiated the release of the Bay of Pigs prisoners. In April 1963 Donovan and    Nolan returned to Cuba, to conclude their negotiations with Castro personally.    Their mission concerned a few prisoners, including some CIA men, who remained    to be released. But the occasion led predictably to the possibility of normalizing    the relations between the two countries. Arthur Schlesinger links the success    of the Donovan-Nolan mission to the important interview given by Castro to Lisa    Howard in late April. [98]
Desmond FitzGerald of the SAS staff does not appear to have looked favorably    towards this step on the accommodation track. In early 1963 the staff arranged    for the CIA's Technical Services Division to purchase a wet suit, and contaminate    it with tuberculosis bacilli and the spores for a disabling skin disease. The    plan was for Donovan (who was not informed of the plot) to give the suit to    Castro, his companion in scuba diving. [99]
FitzGerald's assistant Samuel Halpern, an important witness to whom we shall    return, later told the authors of the I.G. Report that the plan was abandoned    as "impracticable" and "overtaken by events." [100] Significantly he did not apparently mention to them what critics called
the most elementary considerations -- for example that it [i.e.    the suit] was in effect a gift from the United States, while the idea was to keep it secret; or, then again, Donovan's feelings about being the gift-giver    in this plot. If he wasn't let in on the plot, after all, he might try on the    suit himself. [101]
We can see the same CIA antipathy to the accommodation track in October 1963:    Helms and FitzGerald offered FitzGerald as a personal representative of Robert    Kennedy, at a time when Robert had authorized an accommodation initiative from    which the CIA was being excluded. More crudely put, they chose unilaterally    to represent him, precisely at a time when they could not know what he wanted,    or was up to; a time when there was a distinction and potential divergence between    CIA and Kennedy interests.
That the CIA was well aware of this distinction is unconsciously revealed in    1976 by Samuel Halpern. In testimony to the Schweiker-Hart Subcommittee, Halpern    discounted the danger that the Fitzgerald-Cubela meeting "exposed the CIA    to possible embarrassment, because Fitzgerald had not used his real name and,    therefore, AMLASH would have been unable to identify Fitzgerald as a CIA    officer." [102]
Only Robert Kennedy would be embarrassed, in other words. This indeed would    seem to be the most rational intention of such an unprofessional and disloyal    meeting. Both Kennedys were lending support to explorations which promised (or    alternatively, threatened) to lead to an accommodation with Castro. Those initiatives    could only be harmed by FitzGerald's discussion of assassinating Castro with    a suspected leaker or double-agent, while pretending, falsely, to be a representative    of Robert Kennedy.
The same Samuel Halpern has argued that the CIA, far from being disloyal to    Robert Kennedy in this operation, had in fact gained his explicit approval informally.    In the words of John Davis,
Since Kennedy and FitzGerald often met socially and at work, there    was no need for formal authorization. The attorney general's approval could    just as easily have been conveyed informally and be far less risky for all concerned.    This opinion was confirmed by former CIA official, Samuel Halpern, who in 1963    had been executive assistant to the Task Force on Cuba and one of the four men    directly involved in the AM/LASH operation. In an interview on November 18,    1983, Mr. Halpern told me that he was absolutely certain that "Des" FitzGerald "had full authorization from Attorney General Kennedy and President    Kennedy to proceed with the AM/LASH plot against Castro," adding that he    always felt that since they often met socially, Bobby Kennedy and "Des" FitzGerald conducted most of their business together at Washington cocktail    parties and receptions, rather than in their respective offices. [103]
But Halpern and Davis seem to have missed the point. It is indeed clear that    the CIA had authorization to proceed with the political initiative. But that    it had authorization to involve Robert Kennedy's name and authority in an assassination    plot, at a time when the Kennedys were attempting to open discussions with Castro,    is virtually unimaginable. Both FitzGerald and Helms later denied that the AMLASH    operation contemplated assassination. [104] In this case Kennedy's authorization for AMLASH would have been limited to what    they described it as, an attempt to find a group to replace Castro.
From this point on the AMLASH initiative had the looks of an anti-Kennedy provocation.    This was Attwood's retrospective evaluation of the FitzGerald/AMLASH meetings: "One thing was clear: Stevenson was right when he told me back in September    that `the CIA is in charge of Cuba'; or anyway, acted as if it thought it was,    and to hell with the president it was pledged to serve." [105]
What is even more significant is that under FitzGerald a Kennedy-sanctioned    political operation had become, by October 29 at the latest, an operation discussing    a rifle with a telescopic sight. The importance of this deviation is underlined    by a curious affidavit which in effect denies it. The affidavit submitted by    a CIA officer, “Kent L. Pollock” (CIA pseudonym), the Executive Officer for    FitzGerald at SAS. It was transmitted to the HSCA by CIA Officer S.D. Breckinridge,    in support of his claim that “The overwhelming evidence is that the relationship    with AMLASH did not include any agreement to undertake an assassination during    the life of President Kennedy.” [106]
In the affidavit, “Pollock” testified under oath that, “To the best of my knowledge,    Mr. FitzGerald considered the AMLASH operation to be a political action activity    with the objective of organizing a group within Cuba to overthrow Castro.” “Pollock,”    who almost certainly is Halpern, [107] conceded that “The AMLASH operation could have been characterized as an assassination    operation” when the lethal pen was offered to AMLASH on November 22, 1963, and    rejected by him. But “Pollock” does not mention the meeting of October 29 (not    authorized by RFK), when FitzGerald, Cubela, and Halpern have all agreed that    assassination was discussed. [108] (In the I.G.    Report, Sam Halpern confirmed FitzGerald’s recollection that at the October    29 meeting with Cubela, there was discussion of “a high-powered rifle with telescopic    sights”.) [109] Thus, if “Pollock” is Halpern,    his affidavit is highly misleading if not perjurious.
What was so sensitive about this meeting that “Pollock” would lie about it?    I would suggest that it was part of a false trail linking real CIA plots to    assassinate Castro (among which I would not include the hapless and unreliable    Cubela) to the CIA-hated AMTRUNK operation authorized by the Kennedys. For this    purpose Cubela’s associates were just right. He was close to Juan Orta, the    key figure in the unsuccessful CIA-mafia plot to poison Castro in 1961; after    which Orta and Cubela had briefly planned to leave Cuba together. [110] He also knew Santo Trafficante, who had put the    CIA in touch with Orta; and had worked with Trafficante’s atttorney, Rafael    Garcia-Bango Dirube, to secure Trafficante’s release from prison in Cuba. [111]
It is not known whether anyone in the CIA ever brought the possible AMLASH-mafia    plot connection to Bobby Kennedy’s attention. It did however surface inside    the government in 1965, when a Cuban exile, Victor Dominador Espinosa Hernandez    (known as “A” in the Schweiker-Hart Report), gave information to the FBI and    CIA, which “suggested a link between the AMLASH operation and the 1960-62 CIA    plots to assassinate Castro using underworld contacts.” [112] What was particularly arresting was that the same    man (“A”) had in July 1963 transported dynamite to a house near the training    camp on Lake Pontchartrain, which Lee Harvey Oswald had tried to penetrate.    Known mob figures were involved in this arms cache as well. [113]
The pressure on Bobby Kennedy became more overt in 1967, when Jack Anderson,    using some of this material, wrote of “an unconfirmed report that Senator Robert    Kennedy…may have approved an assassination plot which then backfired against    his late brother.” [114] This column,    one of the most significant events in the complex history of the case since    1963, will be discussed in the next chapter.
Economics Versus the Larger Agenda of Accommodation
If in truth the CIA was taking steps to frustrate the Attwood-Harriman initiative,    the CIA was not necessarily acting as a rogue elephant. In these diverging paths    of accommodation and provocation, Attwood, the Kennedys, and Harriman may have    been much more isolated than the CIA. Bundy told Attwood on November 5 that    the President was more interested than the State Department in exploring the    Cuban overtures. [115] A State Department memo two days later seemed to confirm this: in contrast to    the President's three conditions for accommodation, it called on Cuba to "renounce    Marxism-Leninism as its ideology, remove Communists from positions of influence,    provide compensation for expropriated properties and restore private enterprise    in manufacturing, mining, oil and distribution." [116] This detailed list made it clear that at least the oil and mining interests    in Cuba (Exxon, Freeport Sulphur, etc.) continued to enjoy their usual influence    on the formation of State Department foreign policy.
They were of course powerful in Congress as well. In 1963 the President, according    to Ted Sorensen, "opposed an effort in the Congress to impose as the first    condition to our dealing with a new Cuba its compensation of those Americans    whose property had been expropriated by Castro." [117]
The President's policy was dictated by geopolitics, not economics. A White    House memo from Bundy for Attwood on November 12 reiterated that the only "flatly    unacceptable" points in Castro's policy were Cuba's submission to external    Communist influence and his subversion directed at the rest of Latin America. [118] It is obvious that, in this    inattention to economic compensation, it was the White House that threatened    to diverge from traditional foreign policy priorities.
As noted above, it is possible that the President, and Harriman, had a larger    agenda that dictated this divergence. They sought accommodation, not just with    Cuba, but above all with the Soviet Union; and a possible formula for achieving    this was a reduction of troop levels, not just by the Soviet Union in Cuba,    but also by the Americans in Vietnam. [119]
It is not clear to what extent Khrushchev had agreed to his part in such an    agenda. In October Joseph Alsop reported that Khrushchev had assured Harriman    in Moscow all Soviet troops would eventually leave Cuba. On October 8 DIA reported    to McNamara that “the total Soviet military strength is now estimated to be    between 5,000 and 8,000 – representing a reduction to date of at least two-thirds    of the number originally estimated to be on the island.” [120] At his October 31 press conference, Kennedy said that "the numbers have    steadily been reduced." A week later he reportedly said that he expected "nearly all of them to be out by the end of the year." [121]
As noted above, McCone’s original estimate of  17,000 Soviet troops in Cuba    roughly equaled the number of troops (16,732) eventually introduced by Kennedy    into Vietnam. (Half of them arrived in 1963, after the Cuban Missile Crisis,    at a time when the Vietnam War was officially said to be going well.) [122] The makings of a quid-pro-quo were certainly there.
The President’s pursuit of this larger agenda of accommodation was inhibited    by his continuing authorization of anti-Castro covert operations. Schlesinger's    generally insightful account of these final months of the Kennedy Presidency    has one striking omission: it fails to note the October escalation of sabotage    operations:
On October 3, 1963, the Special Group approved nine operations    in Cuba, several of which involved sabotage. On October 24, 1963, thirteen major    sabotage operations, including the sabotage of an electric power plant, an oil    refinery, and a sugar mill, were approved for the period from November 1963    through January 1964. (Memorandum, 7/11/75, CIA Review Staff to Select Committee,    on "Approved CIA Covert Operations into Cuba") [123]
If the aim of these raids was to balance carrots with sticks, the results were    counterproductive. The Comandos Mambises raid of October 21, 1963, almost certainly    contributed to Castro's long delay in meeting Jean Daniel. [124]
The President's IAPA Speech and Its Twofold    Consequences
After three weeks of impasse on both the Attwood and Daniel fronts, the President    went public with his conditions for accommodation. Flying to Miami on November    18, he delivered to the Inter-American Press Association a speech that, in the    Kennedy style, offered something to both the hawks and doves in his audience.    As such, it divided aides then, as it still continues to divide scholars. Thomas    G. Paterson has recently characterized it as a "tough-minded speech:" "The president, according to his aide McGeorge Bundy, sought to `encourage    anti-Castro elements within Cuba to revolt' and to `indicate that we would not    permit another Cuba in the hemisphere.’" [125] Michael Beschloss, citing Kennedy's    top speech-writer Ted Sorensen, presents it as "a speech that would open    a door to the Cuban leader." [126]
The speech itself seems to have been carefully drafted to justify both of these    conflicting contentions. Its appeal to reject forces from outside the hemisphere    could be responded to by either Castro or his CIA-supported opposition. Thus    the language was deliberately ambiguous to the point of duplicity. The President    noted that the Alliance for Progress did "not dictate to any nation how    to organize its economic life." But
It is important to restate what now divides Cuba from my country    and from the other countries of the hemisphere. It is the fact that a small    band of conspirators has stripped the Cuban people of their freedom and handed    over the independence and sovereignty of the Cuban nation to forces beyond the    hemisphere. They have made Cuba a victim of foreign imperialism, an instrument    of the policy of others, a weapon in an effort dictated by external powers to    subvert the other American republics. This, and this alone, divides us. As long    as this is true, nothing is possible. Without it, everything is possible....Once    Cuban sovereignty has been restored we will extend the hand of friendship and    assistance to a Cuba whose political and economic institutions have been shaped    by the whole Cuban people. [127]
Quite clearly the President, unlike his own State Department, required no economic    concessions for normalization. Instead "Cuban sovereignty" had to    be "restored." This agenda could be accomplished by Castro himself,    as the President had indicated to Daniel. Alternatively, Castro and the other "conspirators" could be ousted by the non-Communist AMTRUNK opposition.
The speech's double message immediately energized both conflicting policy initiatives,    the Attwood-Daniel accommodation track and the AMLASH provocation track. On    November 19, the day after the President's speech, Castro finally talked to    Daniel, from 10 PM at night until four in the morning. He expressed great interest    in what Daniel reported of his meeting with Kennedy, and asked for key phrases    to be repeated. While refusing to retract past criticisms of Kennedy, Castro    said that the Cubans could live with him, and that "anyone else would be    worse." Castro added that he found "positive elements" in what    Daniel had reported, and asked Daniel to prolong his stay so they could continue    their discussions. [128] Meanwhile, on November 18, Bundy told Attwood by telephone that the President    wanted to see him, and instruct him on what to say to Castro, as soon as he    returned from a "brief trip" to Texas. [129]
The CIA, at the same time, used the speech to urge on AMLASH, in a manner which,    although unclear, seems quite conspiratorial.
The IAPA Speech, AMLASH, and Assassination
In 1975 Nestor Sanchez, the AMLASH case officer, told the Schweiker-Hart Subcommittee    that he
met with AMLASH on November 22, 1963. At that meeting, the case    officer referred to the President's November 18 speech in Miami as an indication    that the President supported a coup. That speech described the Castro government    as a "small band of conspirators" which formed a "barrier" which "once removed" would ensure United States support for progressive    goals in Cuba. The case officer told AMLASH that Fitzgerald had helped write    the speech. The case officer also told AMLASH that explosives and rifles with    telescopic sights would be provided. The case officer showed AMLASH [a] a poison    pen and suggested he use the commercial poison, Black-Leaf 40 in it....As AMLASH    and the case officer broke up their meeting, they were told the President had    been assassinated. [130]
Arthur M. Schlesinger, who himself had a hand in writing the speech, strongly    denies that it was a green light for a coup, and doubts that FitzGerald helped    write it. He writes that the speech "was meant in short as assistance to    Attwood, not to FitzGerald;" but he fails to consider the very Kennedyesque    probability that the speech was meant to assist both. [131]
The I.G. Report of 1967, discussing FitzGerald and the AMLASH operation, says    nothing about the IAPA speech or FitzGerald's alleged role in writing it. Richard    N. Goodwin, the alleged principal author, is likewise silent in his memoir, Remembering America, which sums up Kennedy's Cuba policy by referring    to the Attwood initiative. [132]
On the other hand, FitzGerald's interpretation of the speech was not only reasonable,    it was the prevailing one at the time. The Associated Press called the speech "an appeal to the Cuban people to overthrow the Castro regime." The Ithaca Journal ran the story under the front-page banner headline, "KENNEDY    URGES OVERTHROW OF CASTRO." [133] Particularly significant, though less objective, was the informed comment of    Hal Hendrix, a journalist whose CIA connections, later admitted to, have drawn    critics' attention for his suppressed role in the Oswald story. [134] Inspired no doubt by his usual sources in the JM/WAVE station, Hendrix wrote    that the crucial paragraph of the IAPA Speech "may have been meant for    potential dissident elements in Castro's armed forces [i.e. Cubela's contacts]    as well as for resistance groups in Cuba." [135]
In short those books are wrong which treat the IAPA Speech unilaterally as    an olive branch to aid Attwood and Daniel. [136] Equally wrong are those who see it as evidence of a unified Kennedy-CIA advocacy    of rebellion. [137] Like other speeches from late    1963, especially on Cuba, the Soviet Union and Vietnam, the speech is an example    of calculated Kennedy doubletalk.
The Kennedy habit of speaking out of both sides of the mouth at once, like    the larger Kennedy habit of trying to please both hawks and doves simultaneously,    can be criticized as a defect of leadership, even of character. [138] The weakness that led to such ambiguity may well have contributed to the Kennedys'    downfall, for it maximized frustration and mistrust within a divided Administration.
But the political schizophrenia expressed by such doubletalk was not just personal,    it was national. If the Kennedys failed to speak or to pursue a single policy    on Cuba, we must take into account the hurricane of dissenting voices in Congress,    and manipulators inside the Administration, that made it virtually impossible    to do so.
The CIA, reinforced by powerful forces in the media and corporate world, was    becoming particularly manipulative in its massaging of the AMLASH operation    into an assassination initiative. As we shall see in the next chapter, there    is a deep CIA secret surrounding the November 22 meeting with AMLASH, which    the I.G. Report of 1967 does more to conceal than reveal.
We must also consider the claim that the Kennedys had their own conspiratorial    connection to the Giancana-Roselli-CIA plots against Castro, a connection the    family and their friends still strive to conceal. [139] We must look at E. Howard Hunt, a man whose known role in the AMLASH story may    have played a key role in the Watergate intrigue. [140] And above all we must look at a man whose behavior, and whose CIA watchers,    were intertwined with the already complex Attwood-AMLASH-Hunt story. This man    was Lee Harvey Oswald.
[1] James Angleton, in executive session      testimony to the Church Committee, as repeated to Angleton by Sen. Schweiker;      Church Committee, Hearings, Vol. II, “Huston Plan,” 72-73; Tom Mangold, Cold Warrior: James Jesus Angleton: The CIA’s Master Spy Hunter (New      York: Simon & Schuster, 1991), 351.
[2] Gus Russo, Live By the Sword: The      Secret War Against Castro and the Death of JFK (Baltimore: Bancroft Press,      1998) 163. Cf. Richard D. Mahoney, Sons & Brothers: The Days of Jack      and Bobby Kennedy (New York: Arcade Publishing, 199), 264-67, etc.
[3] Mahoney, xvii; cf. Russo, xii. Russo      gathers indications that Castro was behind the murder; Mahoney points to disgruntled      CIA officers.
[4] Mahoney, 267. About Bobby’s earlier      predilection for anti-Castro counterinsurgency there is no question. David      Corn and Gus Russo, whose books both associate Bobby Kennedy with assassination      plots, have collaborated on an article showing that Bobby Kennedy discussed      in a small White House meeting a plot to kill Castro while visiting the Hemingway      residence in Mexico (David Corn and Gus Russo, “The Old Man and the CIA: A      Kennedy Plot to Kill Castro?” available on line at http://www.thenation.com/doc.mhtml?i=20010326&s=corn) .      What is important here is the date of the meeting, March 16, 1962. The authors      concede that so far there is no later document linking either Kennedy directly      to murder plots.
[5]   Kennedy’s remarks in Foreign Relations      of the United States, 1961-1963, VII, #125; quoted in David Kaiser, American      Tragedy: Kennedy, Johnson, and the Origins of the Vietnam War (Cambridge,      MA: Harvard UP, 2000), 199.
[6] H.R. McMaster, Dereliction of Duty:      Lyndon Johnson, Robert McNamara, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Lies that      Led to Vietnam (New York: HarperCollins, 1997), 26.
[7] Seymour Hersh, The Dark Side of      Camelot (Boston: Little, Brown, 1997), 278; cf. 377, 378, etc.
