Did Aristotle Onassis have Kennedy assassinated  so he could marry Jackie?
ISBN:  0965866718
Brown, Madeleine Duncan
Texas in the Morning:  The Love Story  of Madeleine Brown and President Lyndon Baines Johnson
Ms. Brown's story paints an extremely crude picture  of LBJ; a surreal look at various illegal activities by Texans; and her claim that she gave birth to LBJ's only son.  It also provides some sketchy details about what she claims to know about the assassination of President John Kennedy, along with her claims of having rubbed shoulders with some of the richest men in Texas, such as billionaire oil men like Sid Richardson, Clint Murcheson, and H.L. Hunt.
ISBN:  0941401065
Brown, Ray
Broken Silence
A man who personally taught both Lee Harvey Oswald  and Jack Ruby how to shoot at a moving target reveals explosive new information  about the Kennedy assassination and the role of LBJ in the cover-up that followed.
ISBN:  078600343X
Canal, John A.
Silencing the Lone Assassin: The Murders of  JFK and Lee Harvey Oswald
The author presents in a logical, easy-to-read  format, the key evidence in the case & includes important new information  regarding the bullet fragments removed from the President's head, a late and fatal change in the motorcade route, and the truth about the death of Oswald.  In addition, he solves a mystery that has for much too long, perplexed other authors and researchers, about a library card, reportedly borrowed by the alleged assassin from Mob emissary and soldier of fortune, David Ferrie.  Using evidence, simulations, testimonies of ballistics experts and doctors, new analysis of bullet fragments, and the phone records and movements of Lee Harvey Oswald, Jack Ruby and other members of the mob, Canal argues why and how Lee Harvey Oswald assassinated President Kennedy and why the mob would want Oswald silenced.
ISBN:  1557787824
Project Seek:  Onassis, Kennedy, and the Gemstone Thesis
This book is an inquiry into the Gemstone Files  and shows:
The connection between Onassis with Kennedys. 
How and where Howard Hughes met his fate. 
Why President Kennedy and his brother were murdered. 
Was the Watergate scandal merely an extension  of these events. 
What really happened at Chappaquiddick with Ted Kennedy.  What was the October Surprise really about. 
Project Seek offers new insights on the meaning  of these and other pivotal events in American History.
ISBN:  0964010402
Crenshaw, Charles A. and J. Gary Shaw, Oliver Stone, Gary Aquilar, and Brad Kizzia
Trauma Room One:  The JFK Medical Coverup Exposed
Dr. Crenshaw, the Texas doctor who examined President Kennedy in the emergency room after his fatal shooting in  Dallas, talks about his findings and speculations.
ISBN:  1931044309
November 22:  The Day Remembered
154 pages (July 1990)
Douglass, James W.
JFK and the Unspeakable:  Why He Died and Why It Matters
Historian James Douglass proves not only  that there was a conspiracy to assassinate JFK, but more importantly (for the  first time) explains WHY.  Over 10 years of meticulous research and 100 pages of footnotes.  
ISBN:  1570757550
Ernest, Barry
The Girl on the Stairs:  My Search For A Missing Witness To The Assassination Of John F. Kennedy
On November 22, 1963, a young Victoria Elizabeth Adams stood behind a  fourth-floor window of the Texas School Book Depository in Dallas. She watched  as John Kennedy was murdered in the streets below.  Then, with a co-worker in  tow, she ran down the back stairs of the building in order to get outside and  determine what had happened.  At that precise moment, her life changed forever.  
Her actions posed serious problems for the Warren Commission, already grappling  with its agenda of naming Lee Harvey Oswald as the lone assassin.  If Miss Adams  was telling the truth, then she had descended those stairs at the same time  Oswald would have been on them as he made his escape from the sixth floor  sniper's nest.  Yet Miss Adams saw no one.  And even though the stairs were old,  wooden, and creaky under any weight, she heard no one either. 
When Miss Adams  was called to testify before a Commission attorney, she was quickly discredited,  humiliated, and eventually branded a liar.  Behind closed doors she pleaded with  the government to conduct time tests of her actions if she was felt to have been  inaccurate.  She begged the government to question her co-workers, particularly  the woman who had accompanied her down the stairs, if she was not believed.  Instead, she was ignored.  And so, knowing the truth of what she had done and now  fearing for her life because of it, she went into hiding and became willing to  die with that secret knowledge. 
Intrigued by what little was available about  Miss Adams, the author went in search of her.  It took him 35 years to eventually  find this elusive witness.  As his journey progressed, many questions arose about  the assassination while others were put to rest.  And in the end, the truth of  what Miss Adams did was finally discovered. 
This is an important story, unique  in this mess that continues to surround Kennedy's death. It is a story that has  been buried for decades.  It is an account the government did not want you to  hear, and actually fabricated evidence in order to keep you from hearing it.  Now, the truth can be told.
ISBN:   1460979370
Farrell, Joseph P.
LBJ and the Conspiracy to Kill Kennedy:  A Coalescence of  Interests
Best-selling, Oxford-educated investigative author Joseph P. Farrell takes on  the Kennedy assassination and the involvement of Lyndon Baines Johnson and the  Texas "machine” that he controlled.  Farrell says that a coalescence of interests  in the military industrial complex, the CIA, and Lyndon Baines Johnson's  powerful and corrupt political machine in Texas led to the event culminating in  the assassination.  Without the help of the Dallas police chief and others of the  Texas underworld, including Jack Ruby, the Kennedy assassination could not have  taken place.  Farrell analyzes the data as only he can, and comes to some  astonishing conclusions.  Topics include: Oswald, the FBI, and the CIA; Hoover's  Concern of a Second Oswald; Oswald and the Anti-Castro Cubans; The Mafia;  Hoover, Johnson, and the Mob; The FBI, the Secret Service, Hoover, and Johnson;  The CIA and "Murder Incorporated”; Ruby's Bizarre Behavior; The French  Connection and Permindex; Big Oil; The Military; Disturbing Data sets,  Doppelgangers,  Duplicates and Discrepancies; Two Caskets, Two (or was that Three?) Ambulances,  One Body: The Case of David S. Lifton; Two (or is that Three?) Faces of Oswald;  Too Many (or Was That Too Few?) Bullets; Too Many Films, with Too Many, or Too  Few, Frames; The Dead Witnesses: Jack Zangretti, Maurice Brooks Gatlin, John  Garret "Gary” Underhill, Guy F. Bannister, Jr., Mary Pinchot Meyer, Rose  Cheramie, Dorothy Mae Killgallen, Congressman Hale Boggs; The Alchemy of the  Assassination: Ritual Magic and Murder, Masonic Symbolism, and the Darkest  Players in the Death of JFK; LBJ and the Planning of the Texas Trip; LBJ: A  Study in Character, Connections, and Cabals; LBJ and the Aftermath: Accessory  After the Fact; The Requirements of Coups  D'etat;  more.
ISBN:  1935487183
Fensterwald, Bernard and Michael Ewing
Coincidence or Conspiracy?
Have the names of Richard Helms, Howard Hughes, J. Edgar Hoover, Sam  Giancana, Fidel Castro -- and over 200 others -- been linked to the  investigation of the assassination of JFK by coincidence or  conspiracy? 
A 1977 small encyclopedia of the assassination of JFK, this book does  not accuse, but it does point out too many coincidences that point to  conspiracy.
ISBN:  0890832323
Fetzer, James H. (Editor)
Assassination Science:  Experts Speak Out on  the Death of JFK
The only collaborative study that brings together  the original work of physicians, scientists, and other serious students.
Includes the most important studies of the medical evidence since the publication of David Lifton's Best Evidence in 1980 and the most important studies of the Zapruder film ever presented provides the only comprehensive and detailed critique and response to a series of articles published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) in 1992-93.
Reports and explains the most important scientific  findings in the history of the study of the assassination.
Reports and records repeated efforts to bring  these discoveries, which completely undermine previous investigations by the federal government, to the attention of the American people and the Department  of Justice.
Reports and records sustained efforts by American  citizens to contribute their time and their talents to clarifying the nature  of what has previously been assumed to be the "best evidence" in this case  in an effort to bring closure to the American people.
ISBN:  0812693655
Fetzer, James H. (Editor)
Murder in Dealey Plaza:  What We Know  Now that We Didn't Know Then
The contributors whose work has been brought together in this volume include the leading authority on the Secret Service (Vincent Palamara); the most knowledgeable student of the Presidential limousine (Douglas Weldon, J.D.); a leading expert on the medical evidence at Parkland and at Bethesda (Gary Aguilar, M.D.); the single most highly qualified person to ever study this case (David W. Mantik, M.D., Ph.D.); the Senior Analyst for Military Records for the ARRB (Douglas Horne); a legendary photo analyst who advised the House Select Committee during its reinvestigation (Jack White);  a world-famous philosopher who received the Nobel Prize for Literature in  1950 (Bertrand Russell); a prize-winning director and playwright, who has  produced a brilliant chronology (Ira David Wood III); and a philosopher of  science who has published more than 20 books and 100 articles in his fields  of expertise (James H. Fetzer, Ph.D.)
ISBN:  0812694228
Fonzi, Gaeton
The Last Investigation
A former federal investigator sheds new light  on the Kennedy assassination, discussing the link between Lee Harvey Oswald  and the CIA, the actions of the House Select Committee on Assassinations,  and his own investigation into the case.
ISBN: 1560250798
Frewin, Anthony (Compiler)
The Assassination of John F. Kennedy:  An Annotated Film, TV, and Videography, 1963-1992 (Bibliographies and  Indexes in Mass Media and Communications Series)
This comprehensive bibliography is the first to catalog, describe, and index the vast body of TV, video, and film materials  dealing with John F. Kennedy's assassination.  This guide to the first  newsreels, and later films and documentaries, TV programs, videos, and little-known  materials is organized for the most part chronologically and by genre of work.  This research guide points also to North American and United Kingdom film libraries and archives and provides a short list of key sources of printed materials.  The appendix and indexes to titles; TV stations and production companies; interviewers and witnesses; and presenters, reporters, and narrators make the bibliography easily accessible for those studying JFK, modern history, political science, and sociology.
ISBN:  031328982
Galanor, Stewart
Cover-Up
The evidence of a conspiracy to assassinate President  Kennedy and its cover-up by the government and news media.
"His amazing short section on Dealey Plaza witnesses may well be the best  summation of this evidence in print.  Interviews he conducted thirty-two years  ago not only formed the basis for this remarkable chapter, but also justified  early doubts about the truthfulness of the witness reports the FBI delivered to  the Warren Commission."  -- Gary L. Aguilar, MD, Head, Division of  Ophthalmology, St. Francis Memorial Hospital, San Francisco.
ISBN:  096627720
Garrison, Jim
On the Trail of the Assassins
An account of New Orleans District Attorney, Jim Garrison's attempt to solve the Kennedy assassination.  Describes how Garrison was ridiculed by the press, denounced by the FBI, and harassed by the CIA because of his allegations that the government was involved in Kennedy's death.
Contains photo of 2 "hobos" being escorted by 2 Dallas police officers. Hobos were found in railway area behind Texas Book Depository building.  Hobos are clean-shaven and neatly dressed, with neatly-trimmed hair.  One police officer wears baggy pants that are too short.  Both police officers are holding holding rifles in a very relaxed manner, with a huge space between them and hobos.  One theory is the hobos were being escorted to safety, and they were actually the shooters, because there is no record of their arrest at the Dallas Police Station, where they were taken.
ISBN:  0446352778
Giancani, Antoinette and John Hughes and Thomas H. Jobe
JFK And Sam:  The Connection Between the Giancana And  Kennedy Assassinations
JFK and Sam is unique from other books on the Kennedy assassination.  Written by an insider with access to key figures (Sam Giancana's daughter), it names the assassins and  traces the assassination team's movements on November 22, 1963, and discusses  the team leader's life, his tape confession, and his face-to-face meeting with  Antoinette in the Joliet state prison where he is serving a life sentence for  killing a policeman.
The first shot came from the Dal-Tex Building (adjacent to the book  depository) and struck Kennedy in the back of the neck.  The second came from  Giancana's driver who fired a CIA prototype handgun with a telescope (called a  "fireball") from the grassy knoll, using a frangible bullet, which explains why  there was such a massive wound to Kennedy's head.  Lee Harvey Oswald was the fall  guy and did not fire a weapon.
Co-authors John Hughes and Thomas H. Jobe -- experts in neurophysiology,  neurology, and neuropsychiatry -- also provide expert analysis that shows what  could not have happened in Dallas on November 22, 1963, as well as what did happen.  Because of the nature of President Kennedy's injuries and his  reaction to the bullets, Hughes and Jobe provide a medical basis that supports  the story told by the assassin of the president of the United States.
ISBN:  1581824874
Gibson, Donald
The Kennedy Assassination Cover-Up
Chapter Titles:  The "Warren Report" - An  Amalgam of Improbabilities and Impossibilities.  The First 72 Hours.  The Creation of the "Warren Commission."  The McCloy-Dulles Commission.  The Cover-up Was An Establishment Project.  Long and Kennedy.  From Huey Long To Clay Shaw.  Internationalism and the Kennedy Assassination.  Establishment Radicals and Kennedy: Lamont, Chomsky, and Russell.  The Information and Disinformation Age.  The Beginning.  Bibliography.  Index.
ISBN:  1560727276
Groden, Robert J.
The Search for Lee Harvey Oswald:  A Comprehensive Photographic Record
Contains more than 600 photographs and documents  pertaining to Oswald's life, the people in it, and his actions leading up  to November 22, 1963.
An outline of events of the last 6 months of  Oswald's life.
An analysis of the shooting of Dallas police  officer J.D. Tippit, showing how Oswald could not have been the murderer.
A profile of Jack Ruby, Oswald's assassin, which discusses his mob and FBI connections.
The case for "false Oswalds," the men who identified themselves as Lee Harvey Oswald, including a full-page of 77different photos of Oswald, from a poster by Jack White, showing that there may have been several Oswalds.
ISBN:  067085867
Hancock, Larry
Someone Would Have Talked
The new third edition (2010) goes beyond just proving a conspiracy to murder JFK.  Over 14,000 documents,  White House diaries, telephone logs and executive tape recordings detail how the  new President managed a cover-up which changed the future of our country -- a  second conspiracy designed to mislead the nation, the world, indeed, history  itself.  Someone Would Have Talked tackles the assassination head on, examining a  number of examples of credible people who have talked.  Real people, many of them  involved in the secret war against Castro and the U.S. Government project  intended to assassinate JFK.  Someone Would Have Talked evaluates these leaks and  confessions, showing the connections between the individuals involved and  demonstrating the evolution of a conspiracy.
ISBN:  097746573X
Haslam, Edward T.
Dr. Mary's Monkey:  How the Unsolved Murder of a Doctor, a  Secret Laboratory in New Orleans and Cancer-Causing Monkey Viruses are Linked to  Lee Harvey, the JFK Assassination and Emerging Global Epidemics
The 1964 murder of a nationally known cancer researcher sets the stage for  this gripping exposé of medical professionals enmeshed in covert government  operations over the course of three decades.  Following a trail of police  records, FBI files, cancer statistics, and medical journals, this revealing  2007 book presents evidence of a web of medical secret-keeping that began with the  handling of evidence in the JFK assassination and continued apace, sweeping  doctors into coverups of cancer outbreaks, contaminated polio  vaccine, the arrival of the AIDS virus, and biological weapon research using  infected monkeys.
Did inoculating millions of trusting school children with polio vaccines contaminated by monkey viruses trigger an epidemic of soft-tissue cancers? 
Was a desperate effort to develop an anti-cancer vaccine diverted secretly into biological weapons? 
And do the answers to these questions connect to the intrigues swirling around the assassination of President Kennedy?
ISBN:  0977795306
See also:  Me & Lee (above) for the connecting story of Lee Harvey Oswald's mistress, who  along with Oswald and David Ferrie, worked for Dr. Mary Sherman and Dr.  Alton Ochsner in the summer of 1963, creating a super-cancer that was to  be used to kill Fidel Castro.
Hemenway, Phillip
Riding the Tiger's Back:  A Footnote to the Assassination of JFK
The story of Robert Clayton Buick (who claimed  he was an agent in Mexico City when Oswald told of his intent to assassinate  JFK) and Ricard von Kleist (whose home was robbed of the Buick story tapes  in 1968).
ISBN:  091860611X
Hlavach, Laura and Darwin Payne (Editors)
Reporting the Kennedy Assassination:  Journalists Who Were There Recall Their Experiences
On the 30th anniversary of the assassination of President Kennedy, a large number of journalists who were in Dallas on that fateful weekend held a conference in which they recalled their own experiences  in covering the assassination.  These are vivid, first-person accounts  that should be of lasting historical value.  This book represents a transcript of their comments.  For anyone interested in how the press dealt with the assassination, the thoughts of the reporters/photographers  covering it, etc., this is an important book.  Pictures are included,  in many instances of reporters then (1963) and later (1993).
ISBN:  096376292
Hosty, James P. and Thomas Hosty
Assignment: Oswald
The FBI agent assigned to investigate Lee Harvey  Oswald a month prior to the president's assassination presents his testimony  for the first time, revealing how political intrigue prevented the relationship  of Oswald and the Soviets from coming to light.
ISBN:  1559703113
Kaiser, David
The Road to Dallas:  The Assassination of John F. Kennedy
Kaiser's extensive research shows that the murder plot was hatched by Mafia bosses Santo Trafficante, John Roselli, and  Sam Giancana as revenge for Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy's relentless  pursuit of the mob and for the vast sums of money they lost when Castro closed  Cuba's mob-controlled casinos.  Other revelations are that Oswald might  have been a CIA agent, even though he was promised a large sum of money by the  mob to kill Kennedy, and that Jack Ruby killed Oswald on orders from the Mafia,  to which Ruby was connected.
ISBN:  0674027663
Kurtz, Michael L.
Crime of the Century:  The Kennedy Assassination  from a Historian's Perspective
A scholarly rather than journalistic or sensationalistic  examination of the assassination of President Kennedy according to the available  evidence, which includes the documentary sources, secondary source materials  such as the thousands of published accounts, scores of eyewitness and expert  interviews conducted by the author, and his scrutiny of a wide variety of  films, sound and video tapes, photographs, and slides.
ISBN:  087049824X
&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt;
La Fontaine, Mary and Ray La Fontaine
Oswald Talked: The New Evidence in the JFK  Assassination
How could the testimony of John Elrod on August  11, 1964, in a Shelby County, Tennessee, sheriff's office somehow shed light  on this continuing mystery?  The authors examine overlooked clues and  present evidence which supports the existence of a conspiracy and establishes  the crucial link between Oswald and Ruby, the CIA, and other government agencies.
ISBN:  1565540298
Lambert, Patricia
False Witness:  The Real Story of Jim  Garrison's Investigation and Oliver Stone's Film JFK
This absorbing book tells, for the first time  in its entirety, the story of the arrest and trial of Clay Shaw, charged with conspiracy in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.  The author debunks Garrison's claims and examines Oliver Stone's movie.
ISBN:  0871318792
Lane, Mark
Rush to Judgment
The first book to challenge the Warren Commission  findings presents case after case of ignored or twisted evidence to offer  a scathing indictment of the Commission's handling of the assassination of President Kennedy.
ISBN:  1560250437
Lane, Mark
The Last Word:  My Indictment of the CIA in the Murder of JFK
The last word on the JFK assassination by the New York Times best-selling author and JFK historian!
Mark Lane tried the only U.S.  court case in which the jurors concluded that the CIA plotted the murder of  President Kennedy, but there was always a missing piece:  How did the CIA control  cops and secret service agents on the ground in Dealey Plaza?  How did federal  authorities prevent the House Select Committee on Assassinations from  discovering the truth about the complicity of the CIA?
Now, New York  Times best-selling author Mark Lane tells all in this explosive new  book -- with exclusive new interviews, sworn testimony, and meticulous new research  (including interviews with Oliver Stone, Dallas Police deputy sheriffs, Robert  K. Tanenbaum, and Abraham Bolden) Lane finds out first hand exactly what went on  the day JFK was assassinated.  Lane includes sworn statements given to the Warren  Commission by a police officer who confronted a man who he thought was the  assassin.  The officer testified that he drew his gun and pointed it at the  suspect who showed Secret Service ID.  Yet, the Secret Service later reported  that there were no Secret Service agents on foot in Dealey Plaza. 
The Last Word proves that the CIA, operating through a secret  small group, prepared all credentials for Secret Service agents in Dallas for  the two days that Kennedy was going to be there -- conclusive evidence of the CIA’s  involvement in the assassination.
ISBN:  1616084286
Lewis, Ron
Flashback:  The Untold Story of Lee Harvey  Oswald
An in depth look at the life of Oswald, who supposedly  revealed details of the conspiracy to the author prior to the shooting of  Kennedy.
ISBN:  1883305004
Lifton, David S.
Best Evidence:  Disguise and Deception in the Assassination of John F. Kennedy
Was the body of JFK altered before it arrived at Bethesda Naval Hospital for the  autopsy?
ISBN:  0451175735
Livingstone, Harrison Edward and Robert J. Groden
High Treason:  The Assassination of JFK & the Case for Conspiracy
Originally published in 1980, this 1998 book has been updated with new evidence and revised by Harrison Edward Livingstone.  This authoritative edition offers new evidence and analysis that proves the case that a conspiracy existed to remove John F. Kennedy.
ISBN:  0786705787
Livingstone, Harrison Edward
Killing the Truth:  Deceit and Deception  in the JFK Case
Filled with new evidence, a book of shocking disclosures includes how the AMA tried to suppress information, proof that the autopsy doctors fabricated their report, and an interview with the "missing" British nurse who attended Kennedy's body in the Dallas emergency room.
ISBN:  0881844284
Marrs, Jim
Crossfire:  The Plot That Killed Kennedy
If there's one book that you must have, this is it -- the absolute "bible" to use for reference and detailed information on the Kennedy assassination.  The author's narrative style is easy to read and he collates all the latest information and the various theories and evidence into a concise rendition of what happened, what might have happened,  and what did not happen.  Contains a list of 103 people who have supposedly died of strange, convenient, or mysterious deaths.  Paperback contains an essential index and footnotes, which the original hardback did not have.
ISBN:  0881844284
Meyers, Dale K. and Robert H. Johnson
With Malice:  Lee Harvey Oswald and the  Murder of Officer J.D. Tippit
The author brings nearly twenty years of research  to this second- by-second account of the murder of Dallas Patrolman J.D. Tippit, killed forty-five minutes after the assassination of President Kennedy, and the frantic manhunt that ended in the arrest of Lee Harvey Oswald.  With Malice weaves first hand accounts (many taken from personal  interviews), newly released documents, and previously unpublished photographs  into a detailed tapestry of facts that lifts the mystery surrounding this  pivotal moment in American history.
ISBN:  0966270975
Nelson, Phillip F.
LBJ:  The Mastermind of the JFK Assassination
LBJ: The Mastermind of the JFK Assassination aims to expose Vice  President Johnson's active role in the assassination of President Kennedy and  how he began planning his takeover of the U.S. presidency even before being  named the vice presidential nominee in 1960.  Lyndon B. Johnson's flawed  personality and character traits were formed when he was a child and grew  unchecked for the rest of his life as he suffered severe bouts of manic  depression and bipolar disorder, which were never treated until after he left  the White House.  He successfully hid this disorder from the public as he  bartered, stole, and finessed his way through the corridors of power on Capitol  Hill -- though it is now known that some of his aides knew of his mental illness  but felt helpless to take any action which would inevitably cause him to take  retribution against them.
The book starts by looking back into  Johnson's past, from the time he was a boy in Texas.  It then  follows the development of his character traits throughout his school days,  through college and as a young congressional apprentice in Washington.  
The essential themes of the book include:
Johnson's mental issues (paranoia, bi-polar  disorder and sociopathic personality) and criminal  associations drove him higher and higher up the ladder;
Desperate to achieve his lifelong obsession of becoming president of the United  States, he began planning in 1958-59 to force himself onto the  ticket as vice president in 1960, because of his fear of losing as a  presidential candidate.
During his time as  Vice President, Johnson hated being in that office and continued his criminal  actions and associations with Billie Sol Estes and Bobby Baker (and through  Baker, with many other Mafia-connected lobbyists like Fred Black, Irving  Davidson, Mickey Weiner, oilmen like Clint Murchison and H.L. Hunt and gangsters  like Johnny Roselli, Cliff Jones, Ed Levinson and Ben Seigelbaum, who were  directly tied to Mob-boss Carlos Marcello and Sam Giancana, who were at war with  the Kennedys).  All during his vice presidency, Johnson continued fighting  Kennedy on every foreign and domestic initiative he tried to advance -- from  Berlin to Cuba to Vietnam -- and did everything in his power to impede passage  of the Civil Rights Act, keeping it bottled up in congress during the entire  period.
As JFK continued making peace  overtures to the cold war enemies (his "Peace Speech," the nuclear test ban, his  reversal of policy towards Vietnam, his negotiated settlement on the Cuban  missile crisis) a number of men holding very high offices in the military and  intelligence agencies became very upset and decided, with Johnson's backing and  provocations, to effect an "Executive Action" to remove JFK.
There are many loose strings which connect all of this together and reveal the existence  of a widely based conspiracy, with connections to the Mafia, the military and  CIA networks.
Phillip F. Nelson, after years of researching  Johnson and the JFK assassination, concludes that the reason Johnson undermined  Kennedy's domestic and foreign policy initiatives was for the purpose of  cunningly saving them for his own legacy.  His involvement with JFK's  assassination is conclusively drawn with both text and photographic evidence  showing Johnson's knowledge of when and where the assassination would take  place.  Nelson's careful and meticulous research has led him to uncover secrets  from one of the greatest unsolved mysteries in our country's history.
ISBN:  1616083778
Newman, John M.
Oswald and the CIA:  The Documented Truth About the Unknown  Relationship Between the U.S. Government and the Alleged Killer of JFK
From the acclaimed author of JFK and Vietnam comes a book that uncovers  the government's role in the Kennedy assassination more clearly than any  previous inquiry.  What was the extent of the CIA's involvement with Lee Harvey  Oswald?  Why was Oswald's file tampered with before the assassination of John F.  Kennedy?  And why did significant documents from that file mysteriously  disappear?  Oswald and the CIA answers these questions, not with theories, but  with information from the primary sources themselves -- ex-agents, officials, and  secret records.  To look at the Oswald file is to look at the most sensitive CIA  operation of the Cold War.  The story is as alarming as it is tragic; the lies  and manipulations it reveals led directly to Kennedy's murder.  Oswald and the CIA is a gripping journey to the darkest corners of the CIA.
ISBN:  1602392536
Oliver, Beverly
Nightmare in Dallas
The woman in the babushka at Dealey Plaza finally  (1994) tells her own story of what she saw and filmed that day, plus details  of her own life and how she knew Jack Ruby.
ISBN:  0914984608
Prouty, L. Fletcher and Oliver Stone
JFK:  The Cia, Vietnam, and the Plot to Assassinate John F. Kennedy
The former CIA operative known as "X" reveals  Kennedy's plans for Vietnam, Kennedy's intentions to "shatter the CIA," President Johnson's reversal of Kennedy's orders concerning Vietnam immediately following the assassination, and more.
ISBN:  0806517727
Ragano, Frank and Selwyn Raab
Mob Lawyer:  Including the Inside Account of Who Killed Jimmy Hoffa and JFK
Ragano, as  attorney to reputed Florida Mafia Godfather, Santos Trafficante, claims  that Trafficante conspired with reputed Louisiana Mafia Godfather,  Carlos Marcello, to murder JFK.
ISBN:  0684195682
Russell, Dick
On the Trail of the JFK Assassins:  A Groundbreaking Look at  America's Most Infamous Conspiracy
Using newly declassified information, Dick Russell builds on three decades of  painstaking research in On the Trail of the JFK Assassins, offering one  of the most comprehensive and authoritative examinations of the assassination of  our thirty-fifth president.  Included are new revelations, such as the theory  that Lee Harvey Oswald was subjected to “mind control,” Russell’s personal  encounters inside the KGB headquarters, and new information gleaned from an  interview with Oswald’s widow.
ISBN:  1602393222
Russo, Gus
Live By The Sword:  The Secret War Against  Castro and the Death of JFK
Exhaustively researched, Live by the Sword reveals how the secret war of the Kennedy brothers against Castro's regime  triggered JFK's assassination, and also shows that Lee Harvey Oswald was indeed the lone assailant.
ISBN:  1890862010
Salandria, Vincent J.
False Mystery:  Essays on the Assassination of JFK
False Mystery is an anthology of historic, long-lost essays on the assassination  of President John F. Kennedy by pioneering Warren Commission critic Vincent J.  Salandria.  Most of these essays originally appeared in small,  limited-circulation magazines (such as Liberation and The Minority of One)  during the 1960s
ISBN:  0975494104
Savage,Gary
JFK First Day Evidence:  Stored Away for 30 Years in an Old Briefcase, New Evidence Is Now Revealed by Former Dallas Police Crime Lab Detective R.W.
The author checked out the original evidence found by the Dallas police.  His uncle did the photo darkroom work for the Dallas Police Department in 1963.  The book contains photographs kept by his uncle, as well as new interviews with the men who worked the case.
ISBN:  0963811657
Scott, Peter Dale
Deep Politics and the Death of JFK
"... Scott, a Berkeley English professor, approaches the assassination in its  sociopolitical context, focusing on why it happened rather than on who did it.  The phrase "deep politics" refers to the secret networks operating within and  outside government agencies.  While they do not constitute a unified shadow  government, they comprise a coalition of individuals who cooperate in order to  maintain the status quo.  Accordingly, Scott examines Ruby's links with organized  crime, army intelligence and JFK's planned withdrawal from Vietnam, J. Edgar  Hoover's misuse of his authority, and the collusion of international drug  traffickers with the CIA and FBI.  Scott believes that Oswald and Ruby were part  of this convoluted network." 
-- quoted from review by Library Journal
ISBN:  0520205197 
Scott, William E. Scott  and Cyril H. Wecht
November 22, 1963:  A Reference Guide  to the JFK Assassination 
Provides an up-to-date scholarly reference to  the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.  It identifies over six hundred medical and ballistics experts, law enforcement and government officials involved in the event and its aftermath.  It also includes an extensive bibliography listing over 2,300 books, magazine and journal articles, academic papers, government publications, and audio-visual sources divided into 18 separate categories.  The nature of this book makes it an excellent resource for both the experienced researcher and any interested citizen.
ISBN:  0761813365
Simon, Art
Dangerous Knowledge: The JFK Assassination  in Art and Film (Culture and the Moving Image Series)
Beginning with a description of a poster for a punk band and ending with a critique of the movie JFK, this work marshals  an impressive array of cultural information in attempting to provide an overall history of the genre.  Simon closely examines images and films, relating them to the continuing struggle over the authoring and interpretation of the story of Kennedy's death.  An intriguing work of cultural criticism  on the contemporary meaning and influence of images from the JFK assassination.
ISBN:  1566393787
Sloan, Bill and Jean Hill, Oliver Stone
JFK:  The Last Dissenting Witness
Jean Hill, "lady in red" and famous witness to  the assassination of JFK and vocal critic of the Warren Commission Report,  reiterates her claim that she saw a gunman shoot the president from the now-famous "grassy knoll." 
ISBN:  0882899228
Stacey, Eric
Bagman:  The Secret Life of Col. Albert V. Carone
The story of the secret life of Col. Albert V. Carone, a man whose  work for the Mafia, the U.S. Army and the CIA has been a closely guarded secret  for many years, until 1999 when his daughter sued the CIA to restore her  father's name and retrieve her inheritance.
Carone claimed he was supposed to kill JFK from the Airport with a Russian rifle, but he could not  get a shot.  Supposedly, H.L Hunt and LBJ were the  major JFK planners as well as George Herbert Walker Bush.
ISBN:  1411683315
Also available as PDF download from the publisher.  Click the banner below:
Torbitt, William
NASA, Nazis & JFK:  The Torbitt Document & the  Kennedy Assassination
This is the first published edition of what has  come to be known among conspiracy theorists as the Torbitt Document, and it  makes some sensational claims.
William Torbitt is the pseudonym for Texas lawyer, author, and Kennedy-Assassination researcher, David Copeland.  Torbitt makes connections to such then-unknown governmental spy agencies as Defense  Industrial Security Command and Division Five of the FBI; suggests that a  former prime minister of Hungary was the infamous "umbrella man" seen in the  Zapruder film; introduces to the assassination lore such personalities as  Fred Crisman (spelled "Chrismon" by Torbitt) as one of the railroad tramps  behind the grassy knoll; and ties in known Nazis, such as Warner von Braun.
ISBN:  0932813399
Trask, Richard B.
That Day in Dallas:  Three Photographers  Capture on Film the Day President Kennedy Died
A comprehensive photographic investigation of  the assassination; this new edition (2000) brings together the pictures and observations of three photographers who covered the events in Dallas:  Cecil Stoughton, the official presidential photographer; James Altgens of  the Associated Press; and, James Murray, a freelance photographer. 
ISBN:  0963859536
Trask, Richard B.
National Nightmare on Six Feet of Film: Mr. Zapruder's Home Movie And the Murder of President Kennedy
This is the true story of a little piece of 8 mm. film made in 1963 when President  John F. Kennedy visited Dallas, Texas.  Abraham Zapruder's 26-second home movie  captured in horrific clarity the public murder of the President.  His six-foot  long filmstrip soon became one of the most monetarily valuable artifacts in  world history, and arguably "the most historic film ever shot."  Zapruder's film  and its subsequent study and interpretation by government investigations, the  mass media and thousands of assassination buffs, is a controversial and  convoluted tale.  Richard Trask puts the film's significance into a readable  context and displays how this small slice of historic reality has become the  image by which the Kennedy assassination will forever be remembered.
ISBN:  0963859544
Photographic Memory: The Kennedy Assassination November 22,  1963
ISBN:  0964813122
Trask, Richard B
Pictures of the Pain:  Photography and  the Assassination of President Kennedy
"... an exhaustive, even-handed survey of the  documentary evidence in the assassination of John F. Kennedy.  Dispassionate  in its assessment of the facts, rigorously free from speculation or bias, Pictures of the Pain is especially valuable in helping  us to understand clearly what is known, what is not known, and what can never  be known."   --Dan Rather, CBS News Anchor. 
Delve into topics including:
Media coverage of the Texas trip
The Fort Worth reception
