 
The Kennedy Curse:  Senator       Edward Kennedy — Two Near Fatal "Accidents"
John Dean:  ...if they get those bank records between the start of July of 1969 through June of 1971 ... there comes Chappaquiddick with a vengeance....
Richard Nixon:  (unintelligible)
John Dean:  ...if they get to it -- that is going to come out and this whole thing can turn around on that.  If Kennedy knew the bear trap he was walking into....
--Watergate tape, 3/13/73
In July 1969, a       year after Senator Robert Kennedy was assassinated, Senator Edward Kennedy's       car went off a bridge at Chappaquiddick, killing his woman passenger.  The following is a brief account:
"On 18 July 1969,       [Mary Jo] Kopechne attended a party on Chappaquiddick Island, a short       ferry ride off the island of Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts.  Edward       Kennedy and Kopechne left the party together; a short time later, their       car plunged off the Dike Bridge into a pond, where it overturned.  Kopechne       died in the car.  Kennedy swam ashore but didn't report the accident until       the next morning, later claiming he had been dazed by the crash.  Though       the details of the incident are not entirely clear, Kennedy's critics       suggested he had been driving drunk, had panicked after the accident, or       even had tried to arrange a cover-up of his involvement.  Nothing was ever       proved.  Kennedy had been considered a likely candidate for president in       1972; instead he pled guilty to leaving the scene of an accident and had       his driver's license revoked for a year."
--from the Internet site, Who2?
This is a typical chronicle of the       Chappaquiddick tragedy.  However, given the likelihood of       conspiracies in the assassinations of JFK and RFK -- and the       right-wing's hatred of the Kennedys in general -- it is conceivable that Edward       Kennedy was also the target of conspirators.
In fact, Senator Edward Kennedy was       involved in a near fatal "accident" before Chappaquiddick.  On June 19, 1964, Kennedy's plane was en route to the State Democratic Convention in       Springfield, Massachusetts.  However, the plane never reached its       destination; it crashed on final approach in an apple orchard.  Kennedy's aide,       Edward Moss was killed in the crash, along with the pilot, Edwin Zimny.  Kennedy would spend weeks in a hospital recovering from a severe back injury, a punctured lung, broken ribs, and internal bleeding.
It should be noted that during this       period, one bitter rival of the       Kennedy       brothers was the Republican Richard Nixon.  Nixon       was a favorite of America's right-wing, having taken a lead role in the Alger Hiss       case and the Red Scare       congressional hearings that preceded McCarthy.  Later, Nixon would endear himself to       right-wing Cuban exiles and their CIA sponsors for       his hard-line position against Fidel Castro.
Nixon had lost the presidential election to       John Kennedy in 1960 and, for a time, it looked as if his political       career might be over.  However, by 1968, Nixon's fortunes had       changed.  He managed to win the Republican       nomination and, in November 1968, he was elected President.  Nixon's road       to the White House was paved by the assassination of Democratic       presidential candidate Robert Kennedy in June, five months earlier.
Once in office, Nixon would use his       position to wage a clandestine smear campaign against the Kennedys.  The top field operatives in the White House campaign of dirty tricks were       Watergate burglars E. Howard Hunt and G. Gordon       Liddy.  
Before joining the Nixon administration, E. Howard Hunt was a political officer in       the CIA, helping to stage coups in several foreign countries.  Hunt also helped plan the Bay of Pigs       invasion against Fidel       Castro, developing close ties to many CIA-trained Cubans.  On a more ominous       note, Hunt has been accused of involvement in the assassination of John       F. Kennedy, a charge which he denied for years, but finally acknowledged in a deathbed statement released in 2007.  (see Dirty       Politics -- Nixon, Watergate, and the JFK Assassination )  G.       Gordon Liddy was an FBI agent from 1957 to 1962 and was part of       COINTELPRO, a program of surveillance and sabotage against domestic       political dissidents.
One of Nixon's first attempts to tarnish       the Kennedy family was aimed at the deceased President John F.       Kennedy.  In 1971, the White       House requested that E. Howard Hunt forge "...some [diplomatic] cables       in order to blame John F. Kennedy for the death of the leader of South       Vietnam [Ngo Dinh Diem] ... for the purpose of publishing them in Time and Life."  (Source:  New York Times, David Rosenbaum, 25 September 1973)  
However, most of Nixon's smear attempts were aimed at       Senator Edward       Kennedy.  Edward Kennedy had       survived the ordeal of Chappaquiddick and Nixon wanted to make sure that       he was not left unscathed.  The White House asked "retired" CIA       officer E. Howard Hunt to obtain "...cartoons that had been prepared in the Central Intelligence       Agency, political cartoons attacking Senator Kennedy, for use should       Senator Kennedy at that time run for president of the United       States."  (Source:  Plausible Denial, Mark Lane)  Also, on a White House tape, Nixon       can be heard telling his aides       to place spies among a Secret Service detail assigned to protect Senator Kennedy in the hope of uncovering damaging information       on Kennedy.  Nixon says, "we might just get lucky and catch this son of a       bitch -- ruining him."  Nixon also directed two of his most ruthless aides,       H. R. Haldeman and Charles Colson,       to plant a false news story linking Arthur Bremer -- the man who shot presidential candidate George Wallace -- to Edward Kennedy.  (Source:  All the President's Men, Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein)
Along with the Kennedys, the Nixon       administration targeted other people and organizations it didn't like -- "enemies" as the White House       called them.  Among       these were Daniel Ellsberg who leaked the Pentagon Papers to the press;       newspaper columnist Jack Anderson who Hunt and Liddy,       at one point, marked for death;       and the Brookings Institution, scheduled for a firebombing and       break-in.  (see box below)
The following quotes are from the book, Will by G. Gordon Liddy:
"[E. Howard] Hunt enlisted the aid       of Bernard Barker and we traveled to Miami to interview [about a dozen]       men....  The men were exactly what I was looking for:  tough,       experienced, and loyal.  Afterward Howard told me that between them       they had killed twenty-two men, including two hanged from a beam in a       garage." (p.191-192)
"We devised a plan that entailed buying       a used but late-model fire engine of the kind used by the District of       Columbia fire department and marking it appropriately; uniforms for a       squad of [right-wing] Cubans and their training so their performance would be       believable.  Thereafter, Brookings would be firebombed by use of a       delay mechanism....  The Cubans in the authentic-looking fire engine       would "respond" minutes after the timer went off, enter, get       anybody in there out, hit the vault, and get themselves out in the       confusion...." (p.171-172)
"In September of 1971 ... Howard Hunt       approached me on the next Ellsberg neutralization proposal.  According to Hunt, Daniel Ellsberg was scheduled to speak at a       fund-raising dinner ... and Chuck Colson thought it an opportunity to       discredit him.  Could [we] drug Ellsberg enough to befuddle him, make       him appear a near burnt-out drug case?  Hunt and I studied the matter       and developed a plan to infiltrate enough Cuban waiters into       the group serving the banquet to be able to ensure that one of our people       would serve Ellsberg at the dais." (p.170)
"Howard Hunt and I had lunch with a       man he introduced to me as Dr. Edward Gunn, a physician retired from the       CIA and an expert on 'the unorthodox application of medical and chemical       knowledge....'  The purpose of the luncheon, Hunt had explained       to me previously, was to take advantage of the expertise of Dr. Gunn in       preparing ... a plan to stop columnist Jack Anderson....  Dr. Gunn       [suggested] a technique used successfully abroad.  It involved       catching the target's moving automobile in a turn or sharp curve and       hitting it with another car on the outside rear quarter.  According       to Dr. Gunn, if the angle of the blow and the relative speeds of the two       vehicles were correct, the target vehicle would flip over, crash, and,       usually, burn." (p.207-208)  [Note:  Before his retirement, Dr. Edward Gunn was the CIA's Deputy Director of Medical Services.  In 1962, his CIA superiors requested that he produce a poison for use against Cuban leader Fidel Castro.  As can be inferred, Dr. Gunn's expertise was utilized in both foreign and domestic assassinations.]
When the Watergate       story first broke, G. Gordon Liddy wondered if he himself might       be a target of covert operatives out to protect higher-ups in the Nixon       administration.  Liddy said, "It occurred to me that people       who would seriously consider the use of drugs against Ellsberg and the       killing of Jack Anderson might well decide to go ahead with an       assassination in my case." (p.257)
The public might also wonder whether       such people would have decided to       go ahead with an       assassination in another case:  that of Senator Edward Kennedy,       which brings us back to Chappaquiddick.  (see box below)
"One of the things he [my father, E. Howard Hunt] liked to say around the house was 'let's finish the job -- let's hit Ted [Kennedy].'"
--Saint John Hunt (the son of E. Howard Hunt), interviewed on The Alex Jones Show, 14 May 2007
"[At the Watergate hearings] E. Howard Hunt told of a strange               trip to Hyannisport to see a local citizen there about the               Chappaquiddick incident.  Hunt's cover story on this trip was that               he was digging up dirt on Ted Kennedy for use in the 1972               campaign.  The story does not make much sense if one questions why               Hunt would have to wear a disguise, including his famous red wig,               and to use a voice-alteration device to make himself sound like               someone else.  If, on the other hand, Hunt's purpose was to return               to the scene of his crime just to make sure that no one who might               have seen his group at the bridge or elsewhere would talk, then               the disguise and the voice box make sense.
"The other important testimony came               from [White House spy] Tony Ulasewicz who said he was ordered by the Plumbers to fly               immediately to Chappaquiddick and dig up dirt on Ted.  The only               problem Tony has is that, according to his testimony, he arrived               early on the morning of the "accident", before the whole               incident had been made       public."
--from The Taking of America 1-2-3 by Richard Sprague
"If he gets shot, it's too damn bad."
--President Richard Nixon talking about Senator Edward Kennedy.  Nixon's comment was recorded on a White House tape, 7 September 1972.  The tape was released to the public thirty-seven years later on 28 August 2009, three days after the death of Sen. Edward Kennedy.
 
The Kennedy Curse:  JFK       Jr. Plane Crash — July 1999
"Why would anyone want to kill John Kennedy Jr.?  There are many reasons.  He was planning to run for national office according to Newsweek and People.  In fact, he had already told Al Gore he would run for President in 2000 or 2004.  He told friends he would have run for Senate in New York, but let Hillary [Clinton] run instead.  And he could have won.  He was the most popular man in the US.  He was also the only Kennedy to ever acknowledge a conspiracy in his father's death.  As the owner of an influential magazine, George, he had just launched an investigation into the death of his father."
--from the Internet site, http://gatorpress.com/badsam/page20.html
"Kennedy, Jr. showed his interest in murders of state and covert operations by publishing an article [in his magazine, George] by Oliver Stone stating that in the course of history powerful men typically murdered their opponents, and that JFK had been dispatched this way.  George also published "A Mother's Defense" by Guela Amir, the mother of Yigal Amir, who was convicted of assassinating Yitzhak Rabin, the Israeli prime minister who offended the Israeli far-right by wanting to trade land for peace much as JFK had offended -- amongst others -- the military industrial complex and the Council on Foreign Relations that wanted war in Vietnam and continued hostilities toward the USSR.  Guela Amir revealed that her son had operated under the tutelage and training of a Shin Bet agent, Avishai Raviv, working for forces seeking to halt the peace process."
--John Hankey, The Assassination of JFK Jr.
"If they're killing Kennedys, then my children are targets."
--Jacqueline Kennedy (the mother of JFK Jr.), after Robert Kennedy was killed, Time magazine, 19 July 1999
"Everybody knows airplanes are fragile anyway, small airplanes in particular.  So it's a very clean type of assassination, in terms of ways to do it, because the area where the plane crash happens can be quickly cordoned off ... and the evidence can be cleaned up very quickly, and most of it is destroyed anyway.  But if there's anything left, it can be disposed of very, very quickly."
--John Perkins, Confessions of an Economic Hit Man
