U.S. vessels are in position along the quarantine line.
The OAS agrees with the Cuban quarantine.
Low-altitude reconnaissance flights reveal that missiles are ready to launch.
Khrushchev writes President Kennedy that his actions are a serious threat to world peace. Robert Kennedy talks with Ambassador Dobrynin, but he rejects all demands. This talk in the Cuban missile crisis 1962 timeline is one of the three personal meetings.
Soviet ships heading for Cuba reverse or hold their positions, except for one oil tanker.
Khrushchev writes that Kennedy pushes mankind toward the abyss of a nuclear war.
U Thant asks for voluntary suspension of arms shipments and the blockade.
U.S. DEFCON 2 miltary alert worldwide for the first time in history in Cuban missile crisis 1962 timeline.
Kennedy writes Khrushchev that he is responsible.
U.S. Ambassador Adlai Stevenson defeats the Soviet representative at the U.N. This historical event in the Cuban missile crisis 1962 timeline is a key scene in the movie that is made of the crisis.
The Executive Committee explores the option to withdraw U.S. missiles from Turkey in exchange for withdrawal of the Cuban missiles.
The Soviet oil tanker continues its course. USS Essex and USS Gearing wait on orders. Tensions are very high at this moment in the Cuban missile crisis 1962 timeline.
Khrushchev agrees with suspending arms transportations, Kennedy refuses.
U Thant lets Khrushchev know that he supports the blockade and urges the Soviet Union to stop the ships.
USS Kennedy boards the Lebanese ship Marucla.
CIA trained Cubans arrested before they blow up a copper mine.
Kennedy approves loading of nuclear weapons on European NATO air planes.
The U.S.S.R. informs U Thant that Soviet ships will not to enter the blockade zone.
Khrushchev offers the Executive Committee to withdraw Soviet missiles if the U.S. guarantees not to invade Cuba, ends the blockade, and removes its nuclear missiles from Turkey. This is a major breakthrough in this Cuban missile crisis 1962 timeline.
CIA reconnaissance flights - yes, many spy flights in the Cuban missile crisis 1962 timeline - reveal camouflaging of the sites.
Castro urges Khrushchev to make the first strike if the United States invades Cuba.
Soviet Ambassador to Cuba Alekseyev asks Castro to halt his defensive actions.
Lebanese Marucla is cleared through the quarantine zone.
Kennedy decides to increase the frequency of low-level air operations over Cuba.
Kennedy orders to explore the possibilities of a U.S. led government in Cuba after an invasion.
Soviet Ambassador Aleksandr Fomin asks ABC News State Department correspondent John Scali to explore if the State Department is willing to agree with the dismantling of Soviet sites under U.N. supervision in exchange for a public U.S. statement not to invade. Scali brings the message to Dean Rusk and Roger Hilsman. Scali plays an important role in the Cuban missile crisis 1962 timeline.
Secret meeting between Attorney General Robert Kennedy and Soviet Ambassador Anatoly Dobrynin and  at the Soviet embassy. Robert Kennedy says that withdrawing the U.S. missiles from Turkey is negotiable.
A U-2 plane accidentally flies during a routine air mission into Eastern Soviet airspace and is escorted by Soviet MiGs fighters.
A U-2 spy plane flying over Cuban airspace is shot down, killing pilot Major Rudolf Anderson.
Four U.S. spy planes over Cuba are shot at with small arms.
Khrushchev publicly states that if the United States withdraws its missiles from Turkey, the U.S.S.R. will remove the missiles from Cuba.
Kennedy writes Khrushchev that he will publicly state that the U.S. will not invade Cuba and ends the naval blockade, if the U.S.S.R. withdraws the missiles from Cuba.
Robert Kennedy says to Anatoly Dobrynin in person that once the Cuban missile crisis is over, the U.S. will remove its missiles from Turkey.
Kennedy publicly states: Fidel Castro agrees to stop constructing missile sites if the U.S. ends the naval blockade.
Khrushchev announces in a Radio Moscow address he accepts the Kennedy offer in exchange of the removal of the missiles. By now the Cuban missile crisis is over.
Castro is very angry and demands that the U.S. lifts the blockade and stops its violation of Cuban air and naval space operations.
Soviet Deputy Prime Minister Kuznetsov informs U.N. General Secretary U Thant that Soviet missiles are being removed from Cuba.
President Kennedy orders that the U.S. blockade stay in effect and he schedules new low-level spy flights.
U Thant urges Kennedy to fulfill the agreement and end the Cuban blockade.
The U.S. States replies that the blockade will stop after all missiles have been withdrawn.
Khrushchev urges the U.S. to fulfill the agreement by ending the military and economic blockade, and the withdrawal from its Guantanamo Naval Base.
U Thant urges verification.
Cuba rejects the demands.
Robert Kennedy warns that the deal is off if the U.S.S.R. mentions the withdrawal of U.S. missiles in Turkey in public.
The SGA ends the sabotage actions of Operation Mongoose and that's where this Cuban missile crisis 1962 timeline ends.
