Sithu  U-Thant
Acting  UN Secretary-General
Within  six months of Castro's overthrow of dictator Fulgencio Batista in Cuba (January  1959), relations between Castro's government
and the United States began to  deteriorate.
The Cuban missile crisis was the gravest collision between  the US and the Soviet Union during the cold war and marked  the closest
point that the world had ever come to global nuclear war.
____________________________
On 17 April 1961, an abortive invasion of Cuba -at the Bay of Pigs (Bahía de los  Cochinos) erupted on the southwestern coast by
1500 Cuban exiles opposed  to Fidel Castro. This invasion was financed and directed by the US government.  It was a disaster for the US.
On 26 July  1961, the CIA fails in yet another attempt to assassinate Fidel Castro, Raul Castro,  and Che Guevara
during celebrations comemorating the July 26th movement
In  Late 1961, Khrushchev considered deploying nuclear weapons to Cuba to prevent  a full US invasion.
While the United States had nuclear missiles all around  the world -and on the very borders
of the Soviet Union, the Soviet Union had  only 10 to 25 nuclear missiles that were
capable of reaching the United States.
___________________________
30 November 1961, Kennedy authorised another aggressive  covert assault on Cuba, 'Operation Mongoose' with the aim to 'provoke,  harass or disrupt' the new Cuban government. It has four hundred CIA agents, about  2000 Cuban exiles, a private naval fleet of speedboats, and an annual budget of  $50 million.
Kennedy  was unwilling to committ to a full scale invasion, but he kept his options open  and allowed the US terrorist activities to continue.
April 1962, fifteen US Jupiter nuclear missiles erected in Turkey,  (on the border of the Soviet Union) became operational. All missiles are reported  "ready and manned" by US personnel -and ready to launch against the Soviet Union  at any moment. Fatality projections for each US missile are one million Soviet  civilians.
Late  April 1962, Khrushchev realizes the nuclear tipped knife is at the throat  of the Soviet Union.
7 February 1962, the US instituted a total embargo of trade with  Cuba, a decision intended to be forced on all nations in the world.
Fidel  Castro informs visiting Soviet officials that Cuba will accept the deployment  of nuclear weapons as a deterrent to a US invasion.
20 August, a frustrated hawk, General Maxwell Taylor (chairman of the SGA),  informs Kennedy that the SGA sees no chance of overthrowing the Cuban republic  through internal dissent, no matter how the situation is manipulated.
In  the first week of September 1962, Soviet troops and equipment begun to arrive  in Cuba. Kennedy threatened that the US would not tolerate offensive weapons in  Cuba and that if the Soviets did so, it would be a violation of the USs "sole  right" to be the only foreign government allowed to have military forces inside  Cuba (Guantanamo base). CIA terrorism against Cuba is intensified.
20 September, the US Senate has approved the use of military force against  Cuba, and will cut off aid to any country that transports goods of any  kind to Cuba.
21  September, Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko charged the US with creating  'war hysteria' and 'aggressive military preparations' to provoke Cuba.
14  October (early morning) A U-2 spy aircraft flying over western Cuba, reveal  MRBM sites in Cuba. Two days later, Kennedy learns about the missile deployments.  The US discussed several options -from a surgical airstrike on the missile bases  -to a full-scale invasion.
20 October, Kennedy implemented a military blockade on Cuba, that prevented  all goods and persons from either entering or leaving Cuba. US diplomat to the  UN Adlai Stevenson, aggressively protests to Kennedy that the blockade is invalid.  Stevenson's gets a strong reprimand from his masters, and henceforth Stevenson  is 'assisted' by US hawk, John McCloy.
On  the same day the US informed its Nato allies about the Cuban missile crisis, and  the military options the US planned to pursue. -A massive alert of its B-52 nuclear  bomber force, and the US to begin sending 183 nuclear bombers to 33 civilian and  military airfields. All aircraft, both on the ground and in-flight, are armed  with nuclear weapons.
By US nuclear bombers numbers alone, 17 times more  nuclear weapons are ready to drop on Cuba than all of Cuba has. The US also had  nuclear missiles in Puerto Rico and nuclear capable bombs in Guantanamo Naval  Base, all ready for use against Cuba.
At this time, the United States  has a total arsenal of 27,100 nuclear weapons, while the Soviet Union has 3,100.
October  22, Kennedy addressed the US public for the first time about the crisis, stating  that the US will not permit any offensive military equipment in Cuba. Kennedy  exclaimed "... any nuclear missile launched from Cuba against any nation in the  Western Hemisphere is an attack by the Soviet Union on the US, requiring a full  retaliatory response against the Soviet Union."
On  the following day, 23 October, despite Kennedy's threats, Khrushchev wrote to  Kennedy: "....I must say frankly that the measures indicated in your statement  constitute a serious threat to peace and to the security of nations ...we reaffirm  that the armaments are in Cuba, regardless of the classification to which they  may belong, are intended solely for defensive purposes in order to secure the  Republic of Cuba against the attack of an aggressor. I hope that the US government  will display wisdom and renounce the actions pursued by you, which may lead to  catastrophic consequences for world peace."
The  Cuban government placed its entire armed forces on their highest alert. The entire  civilian population is armed and ready to fight 'to the last person' in defence  of Cuba. The Armed Forces of the Warsaw Pact is also put on alert status.
In  addition to its high-altitude U-2 breaches of Cuban airspace, the US military  begins new low-level intimidation and spy flights all over Cuba. In an extraordinary  further effort towards peace, Cuba and the Soviet Union refuse to make any attempt  to forcibly prevent the flyovers.
24 October, (early morning). Of the 19 Soviet ships that were enroute to Cuba,  most have altered or reversed their course. 16 of the Soviet ships return to the  Soviet Union, 2 altered their course. Only the oil tanker 'Bucharest' continued  toward the blockade.
Khrushchev  responded to Kennedy's demands, decribing them as aggressive and unreasonable.
In  his first communication with Kennedy and Khrushchev during the crisis, UN Acting  Secretary General U Thant, at the request of more than forty non-aligned states,  privately called for the voluntary suspension of arms shipments to Cuba, together  with the voluntary suspension of the military blockade.
25 October, two US naval vessels fail to intercept the tanker 'Bucharest',  it continues on course and refused to be boarded. The US ships are ordered not  to intercept.
Khrushchev  agreed with the proposal of peace that was sent by the U Thant, - to suspend all  arms shipments to Cuba.
Kennedy refuses to lift the military blockade.
After  US pressure, U Thant sends a message solely to Khrushchev, that supports the US  blockade and tells Khrushchev to keep his ships outside Cuba. Meanwhile, a CIA  sabotage team in Cuba (whose aim is to destroy the Matahambre copper mine) are  caught by Cubans.
The  US then applied further pressure by increasing the frequency of low-level incursions  over Cuba from twice per day to once every two hours.
Aleksandr  Fomin, of the Washington Soviet Embassy (and KGB Station Chief), desperately arranges  a personal meeting with the US State Department to ascertain if the US has any  desire to solve the situation peacefully.
Fomin proposes "Soviet bases in  Cuba would be dismantled under UN supervision and Castro would pledge not to accept  offensive weapons of any kind, ever, -in return for a US pledge not to invade  Cuba."
Later  that evening, Anatoly Dobrynin and Robert Kennedy met at the Soviet embassy. Dobrynin  repeats that if Soviet nuclear missiles are intolerable in Cuba, then US missiles  are also intolerable in Turkey. Robert Kennedy phones the US president, and returns  to Dobrynin and explained that the President is willing to negotiate.
Unable  to bear the continued harassment, Castro orders Cuban anti-aircraft forces to  open fire on all US aircraft flying over Cuba.
27  October, The CIA reported that three of the four SS-4 MRBM sites at San Cristóbal  and the two sites at Sagua la Grande appear to be fully operational. On this morning,  Khrushchev publicly announces that if the US removes its nuclear missiles from  Turkey, the Soviet Union will remove its missiles from Cuba.
A  U-2 spyplane flying over Cuban airspace was shot down, its pilot killed. The Soviet  Union order the Cuban anti-aircraft batteries to stop immediatly. The Cubans refused.
(Still  27 October ) Kennedy replyed to Khrushchev's request for peace, by sending U Thant  to talk to the Soviets for him.
In  response to the downed U-2 (there are definite US plans to destroy any sites that  shoot at US planes over Cuban airspace). Kennedy says no.
Kennedy  ignored Khrushchev's proposal for removing US missiles in Turkey, and responds  by publicly declaring;
' ... the USSR to agree to remove weapon systems from  Cuba under appropriate UN supervision; and undertake to halt the further introduction  of such weapon systems into Cuba... we, on our part, would agree, through the  UN, to remove promptly the quarantine (blockade) measures now in effect and give  assurances against the invasion of Cuba... '.
Further,  Kennedy had Dobrynin told that if the Soviet Union does not remove its missiles,  the United States will attack Cuba. The group secretly conceded that US nuclear  missiles must be removed from Turkey, but that this should not be made public  to save US face.
Castro  finally agreed to the UN request to stop building Cuban missile sites, provided  the US also agrees to end its military blockade. Further, Castro extended an invitation  to U Thant to visit Cuba.
28  October 1962, the US advised its Nato allies that a military attack on Cuba  was imminent. The CIA has learned that Soviet technicians had succeeded to make  fully operational all 24 MRBM sites in Cuba, though no nuclear bunkers are in  operation (ie. missiles not armed).
In  a new message from Khrushchev, broadcast on Radio Moscow, effectively ends the  missile crisis. Khrushchev promises to dismantle and return all the Soviet  missiles in Cuba back to the Soviet Union.
In Havana, Fidel Castro, who  was not informed of the decision beforehand, is outraged. Khrushchev explained  to Castro, that not ending the crisis would have meant a nuclear war, but the  Soviet Union still intends to fulfill its duty to defend Cuba.
Kennedy  orders no further incursions over Cuban air space, yet the US Joint Chiefs of  Staff update their plans of a military invasion of Cuba, and decide that nuclear  weapons should still be used -even though Cuba's nuclear weapons are being dismantled.
Kennedy  orders that the US military blockade around Cuba to stay and low altitude spyflights  over Cuba to continue. U Thant explained to the US that they must fulfill their  agreement and end the military blockade. The US refuses, demanding that it's blockade  will end only after all missiles have been removed from Cuba.
In an effort  to squeeze the Soviets further, incredibly, the US adds another demand, that the  aged Ilyushin-28 (Beagle) bombers sold to Cuba must go also.
US  air surveillance conclusively shows that all missile sites in Cuba have been bulldozed  and that the missiles and launch equipment have been removed.
2 November,  Kennedy states that the military blockade will remain.
14 November, Khrushchev told Kennedy that he will agree to remove the Beagle  aircraft in Cuba within three months. Khrushchev again points out that the US  is not honouring its side of the agreements, including ending all incursions over  Cuban airspace and ending the economic and military blockade. Also the US has  not registered a non-invasion pledge of Cuba, despite the fact that all Soviet  missiles have been removed from Cuba. This was ignored, and the US continued to  make new demands.
For  the first time the US agreed to lift only the military blockade of Cuba. Though  incursions over Cuban air space continue. (incredibly, the US economic blockade  still remains today -44 years later).
23-24  December 1962, the Cuban government agreed to release 1113 Bay of Pigs invaders  to the US, in exchange for US$53 million in medical supplies and baby food.
15  January 1963, The Soviet Union made a final attempt to obtain a firm US non-invasion  pledge.
The US refuses.
Fidel Castro later explained, '... for  us, the Caribbean crisis has not been resolved, a war was avoided but the peace  was not won...'
The  above text condensed from Marxist Internet Archive
Maps © 2005  UniMaps.com
