Prelude
At the end of the 1936-39 Spanish  Civil War, thousands of leftists who had fought on the defeated Republican side  retreated across the border from Catalonia to southern France, especially to  Marseille-Toulon, which is the main urban region there.  During the decade  1938-1948, one of the biggest international leftist causes was to resettle these  refugees to better locations.  Church groups and charities were persuaded to  offer their support.  
While in Marseille, a group of these  refugees became employed in the secret narcotics trafficking system known as the  French Connection.  The main smuggling trail for opium to the West was from  Burma overland to Turkey, then by various routes to Marseille, where it was  processed and then distributed everywhere.  
During World War Two, this route was  disupted, and other routes became more important.  One of the major new routes  was from China and Burma, smuggled on US military ships around South Africa, to  Florida, which had the main supply ports for the China-Burma-India Theater.  Much of this smuggling operation was under the control of Communists allied  with Mao Tse Tung.  I quote from Joseph Douglass's book, Red Cocaine, pp 1-2:  
[quote] In 1928, Mao Tse-Tung, the  Chinese Communist leader, instructed one of his trusted subordinates, Tan  Chen-lin, to begin cultivating opium on a grand scale.  Mao had two objectives:  obtaining exchange for needed supplies and "drugging the white region," where "white" was an ideological, not racist, term that Mao used to refer to his  non-communist opposition.  
Mao's strategy was simple; use drugs  to soften a target area.  Then, after a captured region was secured, outlaw the  use of all narcotics and impose strict controls to ensure that the poppies  remained exclusively an instrument of the state against its enemies....  [unquote]
       Military Service
Jack Rubenstein apparently became  directly involved with this smuggling operation and with US military  counter-intelligence through his military service during World War Two.  He  joined the Army Air Corps in May 1943 and served until February 1946.  
During the War, Jack's brother, Sam  Rubenstein, also served in the Army Air Corps and served as a  counter-intelligence informer.  Sam would "keep an eye on Communists and Nazis" in the US military and write letters to his brother Jack about his observations.  However, Sam testified (WC, Vol 14, pg 503) that although he wrote the letters  as if they were to his brother Jack, he actually addressed the evelope to a US  military counter-intelligence officer.  Supposedly, this reporting arrangement  was ordered by the counter-intelligence officer for security purposes, but it  really makes little sense.  It makes a lot more sense that Sam did actually send  such letters to his brother Jack, who passed them to Air Corps  counter-intelligence.  This relationship has never been explained by the US  Government.  
At the same time, Jack Rubenstein  continued to organize Communist cells.  A citizen named George Fehrenbach  testified to the Warren Commission (WC, Vol 15, pp 289-321) that he saw  Rubenstein doing this several times in a three-story building in Muncie,  Indiana.  The third story was a union hall where gambling often happened during  evenings and weekends.  (Investigators found several other people who also said  that gambling did take place on the third story.)  Fehrenbach testified that  several of the people associated with the activities on the second and third  stories of the building were Russian Jews and were Communists.  
On three occasions, in about summer  1943, early 1944, and early-47 (all these absences were possible, according to  his military leave record), Jack Rubenstein came from Chicago to Muncie to  participate in some mysterious meetings in this building.  On the second of  these occasions, Fehrenbach happened to have a two-hour lunch talking with  Rubenstein and became fairly well acquainted with him.  Because of the overall  circumstances, Fehrenbach deduced that Jack Rubenstein was there to meet with  the Communist cell.  Fehrenbach had the impression that "very seldom would there  be over three or four at any one time" at these cell meetings (pg 300), but that  when Jack Rubenstein came to Muncie, "there was a meeting that apparently had  some significance to it, because there were so many people coming in" (pg 316).  
He reported for active duty to Camp  Grant, Illinois, on May 28, 1943.  There, he was not assigned to any unit until  June 4, when he was assigned to the 1633 SU (Student Unit?).  He was there just  five days, until June 9.  Sometime just before or during this period of  semi-activity, he could have gone to Muncie.  
On June 10, 1943, he was moved to  Company AAF (Army Air Field), Military Police, Recruit Training Center, Keesler  Field, Mississipi.  He was there almost four months, until September 3, 1943.  Apparently, he trained to be be a military policeman, but then, as we shall  see, he was for some reason transferred to become a mechanic for reconnaissance  aircraft.  
From September 5, 1943 -- a little  more than five months -- through February 15, 1944, he was at the 793 Technical  School Squadron, at Seymour Johnson Field, North Carolina.  According to the  reference book Air Force Bases, starting in September 1943, this base "accomodated an Aviation Cadet Pre-Technical School Training program (bomber  mechanics).  However, Rubenstein was pre-trained to become a reconnaissance  aircraft mechanic.  During these five months, he probably received general  instruction on aircraft mechanics, to prepare him to then specialize.  
To receive his specialized  reconnaissance aircraft mechanics training, he then moved on February 15, 1944,  to the 18th AAF Technical Training Detachment, Republic Aviation Crops,  Farmingdale, on Long Island, New York.  He was there about five weeks, until  March 23, 1944.  A book titled World War II Photo Intelligence, by Col Roy  Stanley II, provides a description about Republic's aircraft program at that  time (pp 95-96):  
[quote] Republic Aviation also  proposed an aircraft to meet the 1943 call for a long-range, high-speed,  high-altitude photorecon aircraft.  Their version, the F-12.  Two prototypes  were in testing in early 1944 and initially looked promising, but by mid-1944,  tests showed that F-12 performance did not surpass that of the stripped B-29s  already being used for photo work in the Pacific.  
In a 24 August 1944 memorandum, Brig.  Gen. Marvin C. Gross, Chief of the Air Staff Requirements Division, informed the  Materiel Division, that though he had previously recommended cancellation, he  now agreed to continue the F-12 as "an insurance against failure of the F-11  [another reconnaissance aircraft being developed by Howard Hughs], either  because of production difficulties or operational limitations."  He referred to  the fact that the F-12 "does not meet the requirement for high maneuverability  desired in combat photographic reconnaissance aircraft," but had to conceed that  the "F-11 and the F-12 are the only airplanes currently being built wich  approximately meet the military characteristics prescribed by G-2 [Intelligence]  of the War Department for a photographic mapping airplane."   [unquote]
In other words, Jack Rubenstein had  been sent to Long Island, directly to the Republic factory, where US Army Air  Corps Intelligence was developing the first two prototypes of a promising,  technologically controversial photoreconnaissance aircraft being tested at that  time, especially for use in the Pacific Theater.  
After that, he went on leave for 19  days, from March 24, 1944, until April 11, 1944.  This period provided the  opportunity for the second trip to Muncie.  
After that, he returned to  Bluethenthal Field, North Carolina, near Seymour Johnson, where he had been  previously.  He was there from April 26, 1944, to June 7, 1944 -- about six  weeks.  His unit there was called "D-2 Static Crew Section."  I think that this  was the tests that were described in the above phrase "by mid-1944, tests showed  that F-12 performance did not surpass that of the stripped B-29s already being  used for photo work in the Pacific."  One of his fellow soldiers, Stephen  Belancik, has added the detail that Rubenstein was assigned to the 321st Fighter  Squadron (Exhibit 1294).    
Then, from June 9, 1944, to November  27, 1945, Rubenstein was assigned to the 114th Air Force Base Unit (B), Chatham  Field, near Savannah, Georgia.  On July 17, 1944, Robins had been reassigned to  AAF Materiel and Services Command.  As mentioned above:  "In a 24 August 1944  memorandum, Brig. Gen. Marvin C. Gross, Chief of the Air Staff Requirements  Division, informed the Materiel Division, that though he had previously  recommended cancellation, he now agreed to continue the F-12."  The book Air  Force Bases says that during this period, Robins was "primarily a logistics  depot....military personnel trained at Robins for overseas duty during World War  II."  Irving Zakarin, one of Rubenstein's fellow soldiers at Chatham Air Field,  remembers that they served as airplane mechanics with about 15 other men,  servicing P-47s, which were classified as "transit aircraft." (Exhibit  1295)
I believe that during this half year  at Chatham, a secret logistics base with trade to reconnaissance units in Asia,  Ruby become involved in a long-distance Communist smuggling ring, receiving  opium from Burma.  
During the period 17 Aug 1944 through  23 October 1944, while Rubenstein was at Chetham, the First and Second Fighter  Squadrons were organized at Tampa, specifically at Drew and Lakeland Fields, for  a deployment to the CBI Theater.  The P-51 bomber was reconfigured as a special  reconnaissance version called the F-6, which deployed from Tampa to India.  
On November 27, 1945, until February  17, 1946 -- for about three months -- Rubenstein was assigned to the Tampa area,  first at Drew Field and then in Tampa, where he was closer to the shipping port.  On February 17, 1946, he traveled back to Illinois, where he was discharged  from the Service.  
         Ruby in Dallas, 1946-48
Jack Rubenstein's living arrangements  and activities during the first postwar years are only known at a few points in  time.  In about October 1946, he was in Dallas, Texas, where his sister Eva  Grant had been living since about 1943.  In Dallas, he built a log cabin, where  he hosted a private night club that was open mostly only on weekends.  The  evidence is confusing about whether he considered Dallas to be his main  residence.  In August 1947, he was in a Chicago hotel, but in October 1947, he  told government authorities that he was only "visiting" Dallas.  As late as  1951, he was living in only a YMCA room in Dallas.  (HSCA vol 9, pp 522,  1080)
Fehrenbach claimes he saw Jack  Rubenstein for the third time in Muncie in about early 1947, for only for a few  seconds, when Rubenstein walked into the second-story office.  Some days after  that visit, Fehrenbach found an unlabeled list of more than 100 names that was  left by mistake on the third floor.  That list included local people he  suspected of Communist sympathies and also included the name of Jack Rubenstein.  Fehrenbach stole that list and turned it over to his father-in-law, who was a  local police officer.  Several of the local people he thought were Communists  accused him of stealing the list, but he denied it.  
After that, during the second half of  1947, Fehrenbach was subjected to an intensive surveillance.  Every day when he  left work, for about six months, a car with two or three people in it would  follow him out to his rural home and park across the street for several hours.  His wife confirmed this surveillance.  Fehrenbach deduced that the people  watching him were doing this on the behest of Communists who were concerned  about the missing list.  The surveillance lasted until about Christmas 1947 and  then stopped. .
 
As we will see, there are also  statements that Jack Rubenstein was also spending a lot of time in hotels in  Florida in the late 1940s, involved in various smuggling operations.  
During these postwar years, the new  Communist governments of East Europe led the reintroduction of opium into the  West.  Yugoslavia grew opium and smuggled it across the border to Trieste,  Italy.  That operations was disrupted when a lot of those smugglers were  arrested in Italy in 1950.  Subsequently, the major smuggling route went through  Greece.  This smuggling ring was run by a married couple of Greek Communists and  a refugee from the Spanish Civil War.  This ring was arrested in the early  1950s.  There was also a major opium-smuggling ring operating out of the  Romanian Embassy in Switzerland, primarily buying Western industrial equipment  in exchange for opium.  (Charles Siragusa, The Trail of the Poppy: Behind the  Mask of the Mafia, chapters 5 and 7).  
The Mafia was also trying to  establish new smuggling networks.  In 1946, the Mafia sent Paul Roland Jones,  who had been operating a casino in Mexico City, to Dallas for this purpose.  Jones began by attempting to bribe some police officers in November 1946 to  allow him to set up a gambling casino in the back of a Dallas restaurant.  Police investigators tape recorded all these conversations, and Jones was  arrested for bribery on December 18, 1946.  (HSCA, vol 9, pp 517-518).  
The HSCA tried hard to prove that  Rubenstein was involved in Jones attempt to establish this casino.  There was  some circumstantial evidence, and one officer involved in the bribery sting,  Steve Guthrie, later remembered to the assassination investigators that Ruby was  supposed to operate the casino restaurant.  
However, there were also contrary  evidence.  Rubenstein was never mentioned in any of the extant tapes or notes  from the bribery sting, and another officer involved in the sting, George  Butler, told the FBI (ibid, pg 520):  
[quote] Ruby was not involved in the  bribery attempt.  In fact, he [Butler] had never heard of Ruby until after the  investigation and trial had been completed.  He stated the way Ruby came into  the picture was a number of individuals who were involved in the bribery attempt  and in particular Paul Roland Jones began "hanging out" at Ruby's club after the  sentence.  [unquote]
Jones and the Rubensteins also said  they did not meet until after the bribery attempt.  Eva Grant said that she  first met Jones in early 1947, when Jones tried to buy a Dallas restaurant she  owned.  She refused to sell it, but she did talk about business ideas with Jones  and suggest that Jones contact Hyman Rubenstein in Chicago to discuss other  possible business ideas.  Shortly after that, Jones traveled to Chicago and did  meet with Hyman Rubenstein, but supposedly no business enterprises were  established during that meeting.  Shortly afterwards, Jones returned to Dallas.  
In Dallas, Jones was trying to  organize a drug smuggling operation and other businesses (he was also an egg  broker and a liquor store owner).  According to Eva and Jack, Eva introduced  Jack to Jones in about June or July 1947 at her restaurant.  At about the same  time, Hyman recontacted Jones to suggest a business of shipping excess metal  pipe from Chicago to Dallas.  On August 2, Jones returned to Chicago to conduct  various business and telephoned Hyman Rubenstein from his hotel room to discuss  the proposed pipe business.  During this period, the Federal Bureau of Narcotics  (FBN) had Jones under surveillance and noted that Jones had telephoned from his  hotel to a local number that belonged to Hyman and Jack Rubenstein.  Jones  remembered that he met Jack Rubenstein in a hotel lobby there.  Shortly  afterwards, Jones returned to Dallas.  
On August 27, 1947, one of Jones'  accomplices was arrested trying to smuggle 48 pounds of opium across the border.  On October 29, 1947, Jones was also arrested, supposedly because he was  implicated by the accomplice.  On that same day, the FBN interviewed Jack  Rubenstein in Dallas.  Rubenstein told the FBN that he had met Jones in Dallas  four or five months previously, but that they had never discussed any drug  smuggling and had not been in contact when Jones was in Chicago.  The FBN also  questioned Hyman, who told the story about the proposed pipe business.  
None of the Rubensteins were charged,  but Jones was confined to jail for the bribery and smuggling convictions until  March 1952.  After he was released, he moved away from Dallas.  (HSCA, vol 9, pp  517-523).  In the meantime, Jack Rubenstein proceeded to establish the casino  restaurant and smuggling operation that Jones had failed to establish.  Whereas  Jones and his Mafia partners had been surveilled, stung, and prosecuted very  successfully by government investigators, Rubenstein and his partners were not.  I think it's worth considering the possibility that the Rubensteins even helped  sabotage Jones' efforts in order to set up their own operation.  
       Rubenstein Smuggling Operations, 1948-1952
In 1948, there was another  develoment, in Guatemala, which at that time was ruled by a Communist-dominated  regime.  In 1948, a leading Guatemalan Communist serving in the embassy to  France granted immigration visas to 300 veterans of the Spanish Civil War.  As  one expert on subsequent developments, Daniel James, later observed:  
[quote] A veritable International  Brigade, which could claim kinship with its Spanish original, functioned as part  of the Little Cominform apparatus [in Guatemala]....Trained by the Soviet police  in Spain, they ...were employed to spy and inform on Communism's enemies, to  burglarize and break up anti-Red centers, and to beat up, of if need be,  assassinate opponents.  [unquote]
Almost immediately after these  Spanish Civil War veterans arrived, the subversion in Latin America spread so  dramatically that the United States embargoed all arms sales to Guatemala and  convinced many other suppliers, including Great Britain, Denmark, Mexico, Cuba,  Argentina, and Switzerland to break off sales agreements.  Nevertheless,  Guatemala managed to buy weapons for a while from smugglers, many of whom flew  them to Guatemala on small airplanes.  
An FBI informant designated AT T-1  recalled that Ruby had lived in Daytona, Florida, for a while in the late 1940s.  Another FBI informant, designated as AT T-2 (real name, Blaney Mack Johnson),  also told the FBI that Ruby was in Florida in the early 1950s and was smuggling  weapons and counterfeit money to leftist rebels in Cuba (Exhibit 3063, pp  634-635, 638):  
[quote] He stated that in the early  1950s, Jack Ruby held interest in the Colonial Inn, a nightclub and gambling  house in Hollandale, Florida.  He stated that Jack Ruby, known then as  Rubenstein, was active in arranging illegal flights of weapons from Miami to the  Castro organization in Cuba.  According to T-2, Ruby was reportedly part owner  of two planes used for these purposes.  
T-2 further stated that Ruby  subsequently left Miami and purchased a substantial share in a Havana gaming  house in which one Collis Prio (phonetic) was principal owner.  T-2 stated that  Colis Prio was within favor of former Cuban leader Batista, but was instrumental  in financing and managing accumulation of arms by pro-Castro forces.  
T-2 stated that one Donald Edward  Browder was associated with Ruby in the arms smuggling operation.  Browder is  reportedly incarcerated in the US Penitentiary, Atlanta, after conviction on a  US Customs violation.  T-2 also stated that Joe Marrs of Marrs Aircraft, 167th  Street, Miami, Florida, allegedly contracted with Ruby to make flights to  Havana.  T-2 further stated that Leslie Lewis, formerly Chief of Police,  Hialeah, Florida, and now possibly a pistol instructor in Dade County, Florida,  Sheriff's Office, possessed detailed knowledge of persons involved in flight of  weaons to Cuba and had specific knowledge of Ruby's participation. .... T-2 also  named Clifton T. Bowes, Jr, formerly captain of National Airlines, Miami,  Florida, as having been acquainted with Rubenstein and his activities.  ....
 
He also indicated that the Colonial  Club in which Jack Rubenstein had an interest was a place where counterfeit  money was handled.  [unquote]
However, when the FBI interviewed  Marrs, Lewis, and Bowes, they all denied they knew Jack Ruby.  Furthermore,  financial records showed that the Colonial Club had been closed in 1948.  Johnson also had trouble identifying photographs of Ruby.  However, he still  insisted he was correct.  He said Browder was called Don, Eddie, and Don  Eduardo.  (ibid, pg 642)  
On April 21, 1964, the FBI did find  Browder in a prison.  The FBI agents devoted a third of their report to the fact  that they had carefully informed him that he did not have to answer their  questions (ibid, pg 643):
[quote] Edward J. Browder, Jr, also  known as John Smith, Earl Brewder, who has FBI Number 4840823, and presently  serving a three year sentence at Federal Correctional Institution, Tallahasee,  Florida, was interviewed on April 21, 1964.  Browder was sentenced from Federal  Court at Miami, Florida, on June 3, 1960, for receiving and concealing stolen  Canadian securities.  
At the outset of the interview,  Browder was advised by Special Agent Robert W. Clark that he did not have to  make any statement or talk to the interviewing agents and that any statment he  did make could be used in court, even against him at a later date.  No threats  or promises were made, and Browder advised that he was aware of his right to  consult an attorney before saying anything to the interviewing agents.  
Browder advised that he was not  acquainted with Jack Leon Ruby, whose picture he had seen in the newspapers many  times and that he was never associated with Ruby in the smuggling of arms to  Cuba in the early 1950s or any other time.  Browder advised that he had never  used the name Donald Edward Browder and he did not know any person by that name.  Browder advised that he was not acquainted with a Blaney Mack Johnson, Leslie  Lewis, or Clifton T. Bowes, Jr, but was aware that several years back, there was  a Marrs, possibly Joe Marrs, who operated a repair shop for airplanes in Miami,  but he, Browder, was not acquainted with the man.  [unquote]  
However, Browder was lying at least  about his name.  Joe Marrs told the FBI that he knew Browder and knew him as  Donald Edward Browder (ibid, pg 639):
[quote]  He [Marrs] had never heard  of Jack Ruby. .... He said he knew Donald Edward Browser as an ex-Royal Canadian  Air Force ferry comand pilot who came to Miami about 1945. .... Marrs said  Browder spoke of plans to set up an air transport service to South American  countries, but to Marrs' knowledge, did not succeed in doing so.  Marrs has read  of Browder's alleged escapades of smuggling, but has no knowledge of them.  [unquote]  
(It is also worth noting that CIA  employees H. Howard Hunt and James McCord both used the alias Don Eduardo when  dealing with Cubans.  (Jim Hougan, Secret Agenda (New York: Random House, 1984),  pg 18)).  
      Interruption, 1952-1955
Ruby was not seen in Dallas for  several months in 1952.  In an interview with the FBI (HSCA, Vol 5, pg 186) he  explained this absence thus:  
[quote] Ruby said he went broke in  the night club business in 1952 and had a "mental breakdown."  He continued  along this line by saying he was "mentally depressed" and that he "hibernated in  the Cotton Bowl Hotel" for three or four months, declining to see his friends.  He said he went back to Chicago briefly, and his brother Earl tried to help him  out financially.  He returned to Dallas, however, in 1952.  [unquote]  
In about 1953-54, Sam Ruby  disappeared for about a year.  Sam and Earl were partners in Earl Products, Co,  in Chicago.  That company manufactured salt and pepper shakers, key chains,  bottle openers, screw drivers, and small hammers.  The company employed about 40  people, and grossed about a quarter million dollars a year  (WC, Vol 14, pgs  370-71).  In fact, this company was also involved in smuggling, because Hyman  Rubenstein was shipping bootleg liquor to Oklahoma in boxes labeled to show they  contained salt and pepper shakers  (David Scheim, Contract on America, pg 103).  
In 1955, after Sam Ruby returned from  his year's absence, Earl gave him $30,000 to buy him out of the business, and  Sam then moved to Dallas, where he went into various vague "advertising  specialty businesses" and gave Jack Ruby about $5,500 (WC, Vol 14, pgs 371,  494-96).  
       Ruby's Smuggling Operation, 1956-1958
In about January 1956, a pimp named  James Breen met with Ruby to discuss collaboration in managing three  prostitutes.  However, Ruby was primarily interested in discussing narcotics  smuggling with Breen.  This was "a large narcotics setup operating between  Mexico, Texas, and the East."  A few days after that first meeting, Ruby  returned with another man, and they showed Breen a film of border guards,  narcotics agents, and a Mexican contact.  Breen was "enthused over what he  considered an extremely efficient operation in connection with narcotics  traffic."  One typical load of narcotics was valued at about $350,000, and Breen  received $2,400.  
In addition, Ruby tried to set up an  arrangement to sell pornographic pictures through Breen's prostitutes.  Ruby  said he had "a large quantity of material available to him."  However, the  prostitutes refused, because if they were caught with this kind of pornography,  the charges against them would be much more serious.  Although the pornography  is not described, it must have been something much more objectionable than just  pictures of naked women.  
Later, two of Breen's prostitutes  informed the FBI about all of this.   (WC, Exhibits 1761-1762).  That FBI report  from one of these prostitutes, Eileen Curry, concludes with these words:  
[quote] CURRY advised that one RALPH  HEDRICK has been a close friend of BREEN's, when both were incarcerated at the  Federal Correctional Institution at Seagoville, Texas.  
She stated that HEDRICK, in 1956, was  in his 30's and had already completed 15 years of various penal servitude.  She  said that HEDRICK was, at that time, employed in a print shop in Dallas, Texas,  and was active in some type of lecture tour wherein he spoke about his criminal  background before youth groups.  CURRY advised that she had no knowledge as to  whether BREEN would have confided in HEDRICK or whether HEDRICK would have known  RUBY, but felt that HEDRICK was BREEN's closest frient in the Dallas area.  
CURRY advised that she had heard  rumors in Dallas, Texas, the source not now recalled, to the effect that BREEN's  contact and protection in Muskogee, Oklahoma, was allegedly the Cief of Police  of Muskogee.  [unquote]
The FBI report from the other  prostitute, Bunny Breen (she had been married to James Breen), added this  supplementary information:  
[quote] She believes James [Breen]  made connections with the narcotics ring through a former associate from  Seagoville Prison, where James served time.  [unquote]  
In other words, Hedrick, who spoke  about his criminal background before youth groups, was not a peripheral  character in all this, but might have been a central one.  Breen tried to steal  some of the narcotics from the ring and disappeared.  But that doesn't mean that  Hedrick also betrayed the ring.  He may have stayed loyal to this smuggling ring  and continued to preach to youth groups in Dallas.
In 1958, this weapons-smuggling  network developed.  Ruby's own role broadened when one of his Dallas gambling  partners, Lewis J. McWillie, moved to Havana to become manager of the Mob-owned  Tropicana Hotel.  Ruby shipped weapons to Cuba through McWillie.  Another Ruby  associate from Dallas, Russell Douglas Matthews, a convicted narcotics smuggler,  also opened a bar business in Havana in 1958.  (HSCA, Vol IX, pgs 524-586.)
Three related witnesses have  described Ruby's very personal role in this gun smuggling in 1958.  The first of  these witnesses was Mary Thompson (Exhibit 3065):  
[quote] On about May 30, 1958, she  traveled to Islamerada, Florida, accompanied by her daughter and son-in-law,  Dolores and Richard Rhoads.  They visited her brother and sister-in-law, James  and Mary Lou "Butch" Woodard, who resided in a cottage. .... While there they  met Jack and Isabel (last name unknown), acquaintances of the Woodards.  There  was not sufficient room in the Woodard cottage, and Jack and Isabel suggested  that Dolores and Richard spend the night at their home. ....
 
[Thompson then listed several facts  that indicated that this Jack was Jack Ruby -- grew up in Chicago, ran a bar in  Dallas, also called Leon, same physical description, etc]  
Mary Lou said that Jack had a trunk  full of guns and inferred that Jack was going to supply them to the Cubans.  Mrs  Thomspons stated that she was told that there were supplies of guns hidden in  the marshes that were being collected by the Indians in the area to be sold to  the Cubans.  This was at the time of the revolution in Cuba.  [unquote]
In a separate FBI interview, the  daughter Dolores confirmed the story.  She added:  
[quote]  [Her husband at that time,]  Richard Rhoads, and [her uncle] James Woodard got drunk one night, and Woodard  said that he and Jack would run some guns to Cuba. .... He said that Jack had a  lot more guns than he did.  [unquote]
A separate FBI report based on an  interview with James Woodard said only:  
[quote] Woodard, in a somewhat  rambling and incoherent manner, alleged he had participated in an invasion of  Cuba prior to the Castro regime; that he had participated in the Bay of Pigs  invasion, and has furnished ammunition and dynamite to both Castro and Cuban  exile forces.   [unquote]  
The FBI agents who wrote this report  neglected to ask him if he had worked with or known Jack Ruby.  Most of the  report was devoted to statements by relatives that Woodard was a liar.  (ibid)  However, Scott Malone noted in a memorandum, dated September 24, 1977 (Ruby  file, Assassinations Archive) that Woodard has said he knew both Browder and  Ruby.  
David Scheim in his book Contract on  America (New York: Kensington, 1988), adds another detail (pg 221):  
[quote]In 1958, Ruby wrote a letter  to the State Department's Office of Munitions Controls "requesting permission to  negotiate the purchase of firearms and ammunition from an Italian firm."  And  the name "Jack Rubenstein" [Ruby's birth name] was listed in a 1959 Army  Intelligence report on U.S. arms dealers.  Although located by clerks of these  two federal agencies in 1963, both documents are today inexplicably missing.  [unquote]  
Another person who was apparently  involved in this gun smuggling to Cuba was David Ferrie.  Born in 1918, he  worked in the late 1940s as a pilot for an oil drilling firm that had jobs in  Latin America.  In 1951, he became an Eastern Airlines pilot and moved to New  Orleans.  There, he also became a leader in the Civil Air Patrol (CAP), where is  reported to have befriended a young Marxist named Lee Harvey Oswald.  Ferrie  started a secret group within the CAP, called the Omnipote  nts, which "trained  cadets in what to do in the event of a major attack on the United States."   The  House Select Committee on Assassinations summarized his activities at the end of  the 1950s thus:  
[quote]  Ferrie's job and ownership  of an airplane enabled him to travel frequently around the country with relative  ease.  He told officials he frequently travled to Texas and other parts of the  South, including Miami.  He also visited New York on occasion.  The amount of  time Ferrie spent in these other cities could not be determined.  In August  1959, while in Miami, Ferrie was put under 24-hour surveillance by customs  agents who believed he was involved in gun smuggling.  Following a brief  investigation, including a tapping of his telephone conversations, it was  determinted that Ferrie ws not involved in any illegal activity, but merely  planning an outing for his "scouts."  The investigation was dropped.  [vol 10,  pg 109]  [unquote]  
In the summer and fall of 1958,  Donald Edward Browder, the ex-Canadian pilot who was reported to be involved  with Ruby since the late 1940s, was arrested for smuggling guns to Castro.  Browder was later sentenced to three years in prison for this (Scott Malone's  memorandum, dated September 19, 1977 in Ruby file, Assassination Archives,  Washington DC):  
[quote]  Browder [was] in a US prison  serving three years for a conviction of receiving, transporting, and possessing  stolen Canadian securities.  The securities were stolen from the Brockville  Savings and Trust company and two other Canadian financial institutions.  While  the FBI supplied several reports to the Warren Commission concerning Browder,  including his denial about knowing Ruby, they withheld hundreds of reports from  Browder's file which illuminated his extensive involvement in gun smuggling to  Cuba and the stolen Canadian securities.  Both the gun smuggling to Cuba and the  stolen Canadian securities were activtities controlled by Norman Rothman.  Rothman admits to knowing Browder.  
On July 7, 1961, Browder gave a sworn  deposition to the American Surety Company in which he stated that he had  obtained the stolen securities he was arrested for ($136,000) from the 26th of  July Movement, Fidel Castro's revolutionary group, in exchange for arms during  the summer and fall of 1958.  Browder stated that he had obtained the weapons  from the International Armament Corporation (InterArmco) in Alexandria,  Virginia, starting in late May and early June of 1958.  Browder was apparently  the purchasing agent for the Rothman gun-running operation to Castro's forces.  
According to a memorandum of a House  Un-American Activities Committee investigator, Cubans driving station wagons and  small trucks were purchasing automatic weapons from InterArmco at this time with  the approval of the CIA.  [CIA agent] Frank Sturgis has admitted to being  involved with this operation at this same time.  Efren Pichardo, associate of  Browder, has also admitted to being involved in this operation (he drove a  station wagon) at the exact same time with Sturgis.  Pichardo was working for  Browder at the time.  Pichardo also confirmed that many of the weapons were  hidden in the marshes of Islmorada, Florida, where Ruby has been identified by  independent witnesses as "babysitting" a large arms cache. ....
While Browder has ample underworld  connections, he is not lacking in intelligence connections either.  Browder  claims to have known the chief of intelligence for the Mexican Air Force, as  well as a Canadian Minister of Defense.  His "rap sheet" reveals that although  he had numerous arrests, he spent relatively little time behind bars.  [unquote]  
       Sending Trucks to Castro, 1959
On January 1, 1959, Castro seized  power in Cuba and arrested Santos Trafficante, the Mafia Chief in Cuba.  Until  that time, the Communists, not the Castroites, had before that time been  smuggling narcotics.  Two good books on this Communist-Castroite rivalry are  Maurice Halperin's The Taming of Fidel Castro and Mario Llerena's The  Unsuspected Revolution.  Halperin describes how the Castroites discredited and  even legally charged the Communists for the past narcotics trading.  
The Mafia had been exporting weapons  and importing narcotics from the Cuban Communists, not the Cuban Castroites.  Trafficante told the HSCA that he simply had not expected Castro's victory.  Therefore, a new deal had to be negotiated.  
In the following weeks, Ruby, as a  major smuggler, tried to intercede through Robert McKeown, who had been  smuggling weapons to the Castro forces.  Ruby asked McKeown to write a personal  letter of introduction to Castro or otherwise help free Trafficante.  In return,  Ruby has admitted, Ruby tried to send jeeps and "other similar equipment" to  Castro (Hall (C. Ray) Exhibit No. 3):  
[quote]  Ruby volunteered that some  years ago, "at a time when Castro was popular in the United States," he read of  an individual [McKeown] in the vicinity of Houston, Texas, having been engaged  in "gun running to Castro."  He said he attempted by telephone to get in touch  with this individual, as he had in mind "making a buck" by possibly acquiring  some jeeps or other similar equipment which he might sell to persons interested  in their importation to Cuba.  He said nothing came of this.  He said he had  never attended any meetings concerned with "gun running," smuggling of persons  in or out of Cuba or otherwise in relation to Cuban affairs.  [unquote]
On April 27, Castro himself visited  McKeown in Houston and offered McKeown a post in the Cuban government.  However,  McKeown turned down the offer because he was on probation for gun-running and  therefore could not leave the United States.  
Apparently at this meeting, Castro  agreed to some kind of ransom terms for Trafficante, but the Mafia suffered a  major fiasco in trying to meet them.  In early May,1959, the Mafia stole $8.5  million from a Canadian bank and also stole a large number of Arms from the Ohio  National Guard.  A police investigation showed that Rothman had spent $6,000 of  the money to rent airplanes to smuggle the arms to Castro's forces in Cuba.  On  July 3, Rothman was arrested for this series of crimes.  
During this period, Ruby was heavily  involved in these negotiations.  Many people who have studies Ruby's life have  assumed he was working for the Mafia, but perhaps he was representing other  clients instead or in addition.  In retrospect, we should consider that this  truck business would also be useful to the Teamsters labor union and to the CIA.  The overthrow of Batista dictatorship seemed to open the possibility for the  rapid development of labor unions like the Teamsters in Cuba.  It is also worth  noting that US labor unions (especially for example the AFL-CIO) cooperated  closely with the CIA's efforts to plant its own agents in foreign countries.  The Teamsters might well have had a similar relationship with the CIA.  Therefore, the role of the Mafia in Ruby's activities then might have been only  secondary or even tertiary.  
Anyway, on April 27, when Castro had  visited Houston, Ruby rented a mysterious safe deposit, which he accessed  several times during that summer.  He was also called in for questioning by the  FBI several times, starting on April 28.  In August, 1959, David Ferrie was put  under 24-hour surveillance in Miami for gun running.  In September 1959, Ruby  traveled to Cuba twice, supposedly to visit Trafficante in prison on the  pretense of visiting McWillie, who was now working at another Trafficante casino  in the Capri Hotel in Havana.  
In prison with Trafficante was a  Soviet agent named John Wilson, who was at least observing and possibly had also  participated in all this.  I quote from a book called Who Was Jack Ruby (pp  132-134) by Seth Kantor:  
[quote]  The CIA file on him went  back to 1951....Wilson, well educated at Oxford University, had been born in  Liverpool, December 29, 1916, had reached Chile on January 28, 1939 [apparently  a refugee of the Spanish Civil War], from Buenos Aires, and "was a contact of  one Bert Sucharov, a suspected Soviet agent in Santiago, Chile."  
Wilson was outspoken as a  pro-communist and foe of the United States.  He posed occasionally as a British  Royal Air Force captain in uniform and two attempts by the British embassy to  have him expelled from Chile failed -- after Wilson apparently convinced  authorities inside the embassy that he had "worked on a special mission for the  British government in Germany, Egypt, and Turkey at the close of World War II."  
The CIA source in Chile pegged John  Wilson as "very probably an intelligence agent."  Wilson always seemed to have a  lot of money without an apparent income.  he held UN press pass no. 287, issued  in Santiago, and another pass from the Chilean secret police which allowed him  special access.  
At the end of June, 1959, Wilson and  three Americans were arrested in a suburb of Havana as they planned to carry out  a sneak bomb raid on Nicaragua, using three airplanes and a small volunteer  attack force.  Fidel Castro had nothing to do with the attack plans and ordered  Wilson and the other ringleaders arrested; thus John Wilson was in jail at the  time of the Ruby visit.  
In prison in Cuba, Wilson says he met  an American gangster gambler named Santos [Trafficante] who could not return to  the USA because there were several indictments outstanding against him.  Instead, he preferred to live in relative luxury in a Cuban prison.  While  Santos was in prison, Wilson says, Santos was visited frequently by an American  gangster type named Ruby.  
Inexplicably, one of Ruby's notebooks  had this entry, which Dallas police located on the day Oswald was shot:  "October 29, 1963 -- John Wilson -- bond."  The FBI checked police and  sheriff's records in Dallas to see if a John Wilson had made bond.  The FBI also  consulted two different private attorneys in Dallas whose names were John Wilsn,  but who had never had dealings with Ruby.  The FBI said it found no reason for  the notebook entry.   [unquote]  
I want to specially point out a  couple of elements of this situation.  First, Wilson's story of how he himself  was imprisoned is fishy.  What sense was there in flying three small airplanes  to Nicaragua to drop a few bombs?  Perhaps this was some kind of smuggling  flight that was prevented at the last minute.  
Second, Trafficante's imprisonment  seems to be somewhat of a hoax.  Trafficante himself testified to the Select  Committe on Assassinations that he was released from prison and left Cuba in  August 1959.  He then returned to Cuba to defend himself in a trial during  October-November 1959 and then voluntarily returned to his Cuban "prison." (HSCA, Vol 5, pg 355).  He also testified (pg 367) that his own lawyer's brother  later became the Minister of Sports in Communist Cuba.  
I think that Trafficante was really  negotiating an agreement for the Mafia to give up its gambling interests in Cuba  in return for Cuban cooperation in continuing the Mafia's narcotics-weapons  smuggling network in Latin America.  Trafficante returned to the United States  again in early 1960.  
As noted earlier, Ruby had apparently  committed himself to send trucks to Cuba in order to free Trafficante from  prison in August 1959, but then said that he never sent any trucks.  Would  Castro have suffered such a double-cross and still allowed Trafficante to leave  Cuba?  Did anybody ever supply the trucks?  It seems that in accordance with  Ruby's negotiations, the trucks were supplied to Castro by Guy Banister.  
       Personalities at the New Orleans CRC Branch,  1961
Most people who understand that the  Kennedy assassination was a conspiracy explain Banister and his Cuban associates  generally in the following manner.  Banister and his associated anti-Castro  Cuban exiles were right-wingers who hated Kennedy.  They agreed to participate  in the conspiracy, which was controlled by the Mafia or the CIA/FBI.  Their role  was to manipulate and frame Oswald so that there would be lots of evidence that  he was pro-Castro.  Then, after the assassination, the American public would  blame Castro and help the anti-Castro Cubans.  
This theory is based on a stereotype  that all anti-Castro Cuban exiles were right-wingers and hated Kennedy.  In  fact, many of them were left-wingers and looked to Kennedy's support as their  key opportunity to overthrow Castro, who they considered an egomaniac, and  establish a more authentic socialism on Cuba.  It is certainly possible that  Banister shared those goals and was working for left-wing superiors in the U.S.  Government or abroad.  I suggest that the conspirators attempted to frame  Banister and his Cubans along with Oswald.  
The House Select Committee on  Assassinations described the role in all this intrigue that was played by Guy  Banister and Sergio Arcacha Smith.  
[quote]  In 1960 [-] early 1961  Banister ... was helping to establish the Friends of Democratic Cuba  organization as an adjuct to Sergio Arcacha Smith's CRC.  At the time,  Banister's investigative business and the CRC were both located in the Balter  Buiding.  In February 1961, Banister was conducting background investigations of  the members of the CRC from a list provided by Arcacha Smith.  [vol 10, pg  110  ]
The ... first New Orleans delegate to  the Cuban Revolutionary Council (CRC), Sergio Arcacha Smith, told the Committee  that he arrived in Miami in August 1960 and at the request of Antonio de Varona,  a director of the CRC, agreed to establish a chapter of this group in New  Orleans.  Arcacha Smith was initially afforded free office space in the Balter  Building; he later rented space at 544 Camp Street.  He occupied an office at  544 Camp Street for about six months during 1961-62 [October to February] .  [HSCA, vol 10, pg 61]
The CRC in New Orleans was affiliated  with the main branch of the CRC in Miami, which had been receiving funds from  the US Government.  Some of these funds may have been disseminated to the New  Orleans branch to cover operating costs.  [In this regard, the HSCA cited, but  did not reproduce or even summarize a] CIA Office of Security memo from Raymond  G. Rocca, May 31, 1961, Item F; also a memo from Donovan E. Pratt, Sep 28, 1967,  items A, B, and C, regarding Arcacha Smith.  The Sep 28, 1967, Pratt memo [was]  also found in [the] Office of Security file for David W. Ferrie.  One local  office did believe the group had the "unofficial sanction of CIA," according to  Lieutenant Martello.  [vol 10, pp 109, 119, note 106]  
Early in 1961, Banister helped draw  up a charter for the Friends of Democratic Cuba, an organization set up as the  fundraising arm of Sergio Arcacha Smith's branch of the Cuban Revoutionary  Council.  Coincidentally, Gerard F. Tujague, owner of Gerard F. Tujague, Inc.  Forwarding Company, who had employed Oswald as a messenger from November 1955 to  January 1956, was also a member and officer (vice-president) of Friends of  Democratic Cuba.  
Banister described his work for the  Council:  
"Our work was primarily to gather  food and clothing for the refugees.  However, because of my being known in  connection with that, my background being know with Arcacha Smith and others, I  have had high-ranking Cuban refugees in my office asking me how to go  underground, and I gave them diagrams for that.  I have talked to military and  political leaders from the various provinces of Cuba that have slipped out and  slipped back."  
The FBI files indicate Banister was  performing another service for the Cuban exile group.  He ran background  investigations on those Cuban students on the campus of Louisiana State  University who wished to be members of Arcacha Smith's anti-Castro group,  ferreting out any pro-Castro sympathizers who might be among them.  Banister  also talked Sam Newman into leasing 544 Camp Street to the Cuban Revolutionary  Council.  [HSCA, vol 10, pp 126-127; note 64]  
During his tenure as head of the New  Orleans delegation, Arcacha Smith endeavored to raise funds by selling CRC bonds  and was instrumental in organizing several rallies to promote the cause of the  Cuban exiles.  [vol 10, pg 61]   [unquote]
Anthony Summers reported in his book  Conspiracy (pp 579-580) that Roselli and Maheu were also involved with Guy  Banister in New Orleans:  
[quote]  Banister's personal  secretary, Delphine Roberts, offers one further clue to the way 544 Camp Street  was caught up in the dirtier undercurrents....  She came up with the names "Roselli" and "Maheu" as having had dealings with the Banister office.  Robert  Maheu was the man used by the CIA, as early as 1960, to enlist Mafia help in  assassination plots against Fidel Castro.  John Roselli was the first underworld  figure Maheu recruited.  
Mrs Roberts' claim that Banister was  in touch with Maheu is not wholly implausible.  Years previously, the two men  had been agents together in the Chicago office of the FBI, and Maheu admits he  knew Banister.  He denies, however, contacting Banister in 1963.  ....
 
New Orleans would have been a natural  enough place to find John Roselli.  Delphine Roberts says she believes he was  there and actually visited 544 Camp Street.    [unquote]  
         Cuban Exile Intrigues, January - April 1961
In January 1961, as de Varona began  planning to poison Castro for CIA's Office of Security, Guy Banister in New  Orleans drew up the charter for a new organization, Friends of Democratic Cuba,  to raise money for de Varona's New Orleans protege, Sergo Arcacha Smith.  (HSCA,  vol 10, pg 126).  One of the new organization's first acts was to send a person  with the name Oswald to buy several trucks from a local automobile dealer.  Jim  Garrison described this strange event in his book On the Trail of the Assassins  (pp 57-58):  
[quote]  As we later learned from  [automobile] salesmen Fred Sewall and Oscar Deslatte, two men claiming to  represent an organization called Friends of Democratic Cuba arrived at the  Bolton [Ford dealership on North Claiborne Avenue in New Orleans] on January 20,  1961.  This was only three months before the abortive Bay of Pigs attempt to  invade Cuba. .... One of the men was a powerfully built Latin with a thick neck  and a distinct scar over his left eyebrow.  The other was a thin, young  Anglo-Saxon who obviously was in charge.  
The two men indicated that they  wanted to buy ten Ford pickup trucks.  They wanted a bid from Bolton Ford on the  price.  The Latin identified himself as "Joseph Moore,"but said the bid had to  be in the name of "Oswald."  The young Anglo-Saxon confirmed this, explaining  that "Oswald" was his name and that he was the one with the money.  Instead of  asking the buyers to sign, Deslatte himself printed the name "Oswald" on the  form.  
Of course, as all the world now  knows, the real Lee Oswald was in the Soviet Union that day and would be for  more than another year. .... I [Garrison] pondered the implications of this  staggering information.  In the very month that John Kennedy was inaugurated, an  intelligence project being run by Guy Banister was using the name "Oswald" in  bidding for pickup trucks for apparent use in the Bay of Pigs invasion.   [quote]  
However, Garrison's interpretation of  this purchase is disputable.  It's not so certain that these trucks were being  purchased for the Bay of Pigs invasion.  President Kennedy had frozen the  invasion plans on November 18, 1960, and the plans were still frozen solid on  January 20, 1961.  In addition, at first glance, the name "Friends of Democratic  Cuba" seems supportive of Castro's regime -- similar to the later "Fair Play for  Cuba," which was also run out of Banister's office.  In other words, Moore and  Oswald may have been purchasing the trucks for Castro.  In the context of de  Varona's simultaneous planning to poison Castro, the trucks might have been a  Trojan Horse to enter Cuba as part of the poison plot.  
The fact that the purchaser's name  was Oswald is intriguing.  There is some reason to speculate that this was an  attempt to create the impression that Lee Harvey Oswald had already returned  from the Soviet Union and purchased these trucks in January 1961.  The  Vice-President of Friends of Cuba was Gerard F. Tujague, who had employed Lee  Harvey Oswald as a messenger in 1955-1956 and probably knew that Oswald was a  Marxist who had defected (HSCA, Vol 10, pg 134, note 64).  In this case, a  possible explanation for this deceit was to use a false Lee Harvey Oswald, for  which there was local evidence of a Marxist background, in order to reinforce  the impression that Friends of Democratic Cuba was a **pro-Castro**  organization.  The target of this deceit would have been Castro's government,  which didn't necessarily know that Oswald was still in the Soviet Union.  
A similar possibility is that the  Oswald who purchased the trucks might have been a relative of Lee Harvey Oswald.  There were other Oswalds who were mysterious, besides Lee Harvey Oswald.  
Anyway, this mysterious Oswald  ordered the trucks for the Friends of Democratic Cuba almost three months before  President Kennedy authorized the invasion of Cuba.  Morrow described Kennedy's  position as follows:  
[quote]  In late February, [1961,]  when Kennedy still failed to let the CIA proceed with the invasion, Dulles  warned the chief executive that to delay any longer could be fatal.  The young  President, after talking it over with brother Bobby, the new Attorney General,  instead ordered Dulles to stop all anti-Cuban operations. .... William Wieland  and the leftist factions in the exile community -- seeking to regain their power  over the Brigade and to save their influence with the new administration -- had  proclaimed to the new President and Attorney General that the  rightist-controlled Brigade was being funded in part by the Mafia.  ....  [unquote]
The House Select Committe on  Assassinations described the next development:  
[quote]  The FRD [had] set up  headquarters initially in Mexico, but recruited most of its proposed invasion  force from Miami.  The military arm of the FRD was known as Brigade 2506.  The  Brigade was eventually composed of 1,443 men who were trained by US Army  specialists at two sites on the south coast of Guatemala. ....
 
In March 1961, the State Department  pressured FRD leaders to accept the Movimento Revolutionario del Pueblo (MRP),  headed by Manuel Ray Rivero, into the FRD.  The inclusion of Ray's group into  the alliance of Cuban exiles was reportedly also "terribly important to the  White House," which wanted to broaden the political base of the FRD.  In an  effort to attract Ray and his group into the FRD, ... Dr Jose Miro Cardona was  elected its new president.  Dr Miro Cardona was a former Havana jurist who broke  with Castro after serving him as his first Prime Minister.  [vol 10, pg 57] ....
[Manuel Ray Rivero had been appointed  by Castro as] Minister of Public Works in February 1959. .... Ray's tenure in  Castro's government was short lived.  He was relieved of his official position  in November 1959.  No definite reason for this sudden move has been documented  but, according to one source, Ray did not leave Castro because of ideological or  policy discrepancies, but rather because of a personality clash with Castro's  Miniter of Labor, who almost shot Ray after a stomy cabinet meeting. .... For  whatever reason, Ray did permit his name to be associated with the Castro regime  until May 1960, when he formed the Revolutionary Movement of the People (MRP).  ....
Having waited until May 1960 to  organize his resistance group, Ray was criticized as being suspiciously tardy to  the anti-Castro movement.  Charges of "Fidelism without Fidel" were made against  him and the MRP because of their leftist ideologies. .... A [US Government]  officer who met with Ray in November 1960 noted that his political posture was "doubtful" as far as US Government acceptance was concerned, and a further  assessment portrayed Ray as so far "left in his thinking that he would be as  dangerous to US interests as Castro."  
Some prominent Cubans also expressed  negative opinions about Ray, among them Dr Jose Miro Cardona, president of the  FRD.  Miro opposed Ray because he considered his program too Marxist and  declared Ray was bitterly anti-American as well as probably totalitarian in his  thinking. ....
Although aware of his controversial  political philosophy, attempts were continued to recruit Ray to join the FRD,  because the White House and State Department pushed for his inclusion.  Ray  received full operational approval as a "political asset" on February 7, 1961.  [ibid, pp 137-138]   [unquote]  
After the formation of this new  alliance, Kennedy now approved the invasion of Cuba.  
      Kennedy Intrigues in the CIA
Shortly before the invasion of Cuba  (which began April 16, 1961) a group of men attempted to take $3 million that  was supposed to help pay for the invasion.  The CIA had given this money to the  Cuban exiles through a false religious front and confiscated it back from the  group.  The men in the group were not arrested or punished for taking the money.  President Kennedy was somehow involved in trying to divert this money and felt  betrayed when the group was caught.  Apparently, Kennedy had arranged for the  group of men to divert the money to a Cuban exile faction that he favored.  Kennedy's annoyance at the CIA's interception of this money helped provoke him  to cancel US Air Force support of the invasion, which allowed Castro to defeat  the invaders.
In about 1968, New Orleans District  Attorney Jim Garrison received a letter from an anonymous informant who had  heard more of this story from one of the participants.  The complete letter  follows (Old Catholic Church file, Assassinations Archives, Washington DC):  
[quote]
Mr. Garrison:  
The following account may be fiction  or it may be fact, I dare not commit myself by trying to substantiate it.  The  story was told to me in bits and pieces over a period of three months by a man,  whom, I admit, has very little credibility to his character.  The only reason I  take the time to relate this to you, is because it is now past the realm of  coincidence.  
I fully realize the consequences of  my actions, and so therefore I am prepared to co-operate with your office to the  fullest extent, if you think the information I have warrants it.  
Naturally, what I refer to is the  Kennedy assassination.  
It is hard to know where to begin,  because the beginning was years before I had occasion to come upon this  information.  This is the story, the best I can relate to you:  
It seems that back in 1960 and 1961 a  group of men in this country began collecting money for a so-called invasion  force into Cuba.  This "army" was prepared to attack and capture Castro's Cuba  in an invasion sponsored by the CIA.   This is common knowledge, but what is not  so well known, is WHY THE INVASION FAILED!  As the information was given to me,  a few of the leaders of the anti-Castro force in this country decided to flee  the country with a good deal of the funds collected from the sympathizers of the  Cuban refugees.  These men whom I will name later, were arrested in the Miami  airport with the money in their possession.  The arresting officers, members of  the CIA, confiscated the money; amounting to almost three million dollars.  Then, as the story goes, President Kennedy, feeling that he had been duped, and  would be left holding the bag, and ... realizing the international consequences  of such an invasion, pulled the air support that had been orally committed.  This, of course, led to the ill-fated Bay of Pigs invasion.  
Since most of the 1400 or more  invasion members were either killed or captured, the Cuban leaders in this  country put most of the blame upon President Kennedy himself.  I feel that I  have evidence, though admittedly hearsay, that can prove this course of events.  
I was told this story by a man who  allegedly was a part of the Cuban revolutionary movement in this country.  He  claims to have been one of those arrested in Miami.  Also, he claims to have  been under FBI investigation at various times.  I was in Omaha Nebraska at the  time this was told to me, and at about the same time, so I'm sure you remember,  your office was trying to get Perry Ruso's girl friend; Mrs McBlaine or  something to that effect, down to New Orleans for questioning.  It seems rather  strange to me that she would wind up in Omaha since she really had no people  there.  Also, WHY did the gentleman whom I quote decide to come to Omaha?  He  had no job there, no relatives, and no real desire to find either.  He moved to  Omaha in March from Lincoln, Nebraska, where he had spent about two months or  less with no visable means of support.  He had just previously been in the State  of Washington with an associate of his.  
The following are a few facts that  the Omaha man told me, either directly or indirectly.  
He told me about the pilot named  Ferrie long before your office announced your interest in him.  He described the  man in great detail and claimed to know him personally.  He also predicted his  demise.  
I overheard numerous telephone  conversations (mostly with the man in Washington) in which he asked with great  concern whether it was the FBI, the CIA, or who, that had been asking questions  about them, and whether it was that they had something on him or on "one of the  others."  
He claimed to have either known or  had met the Mr. Shaw you questioned.  
He was originally from New Orleans,  and claims to have worked on your staff at one time as an investigator.  
He says he saw Oswald in New Orleans.  Also a man who "looked like Ruby".
 
At one time, the Omaha man and the  Washington man met in a hotel there and discussed plans to go to New Orleans to  see a man called Sergio Arcacha.  They went, but could not find him or another  man they said was there.  Three days later, the local Newspapers Announced that  you, too had been looking for Mr. Arcacha for questioning and that he had told  you he would talk to you, but not alone.  
He described the assassination scene  in great detail and told me some facts about it that I had definitely not heard  before.  
He claims that Oswald was a patsy, a  setup, to take the blame for the whole thing.  Also that OSWALD WAS A HOMOSEXUAL  like Shaw, Ferrie, Tippett (Dallas police officer) and a score of others.  
He told me about the motorcycle  police officer who claimed to have seen a man with a rifle run from the grassy  knowl in front of Kennedy.  (incidentally, the Omaha man claims that this is  where the fatal shot came from)  The police officer mysteriously had a very  serious accident right after the incident, and now is a near idiot.  
He claimed to have met the late  President on a number of occasions, and he talked about him with very little  respect.  
He claims that he left Louisiana upon  the advice of the Governor.  
The Omaha man and the Washington man  were always in telephone contact with each other, no matter where they were.  Once, the Washington man was in Washington DC for some reason or another and  they conferred by telephone twice in that one day.  
The following is a list of the names  for the story above.  If you feel that any of them fit into a proper place, or  into your current investigation, Please contact me so we can further discuss  that.  
 1.  Sergio Arcacha  
