This section contains 846 words
(approx. 3 pages at 300 words per page)
Essay on Rfk's 13 Days
Summary: Summary of 13 Days
Thirteen Days is an autobiography written by Robert F. Kennedy.  It is based upon the memories of RFK during the Cuban missile crisis.  He vividly recalls the thirteen days between October 16 and October 28, 1962.  Within these thirteen days, havoc and stress faced the White House, especially to Senator RFK and his brother, President John F. Kennedy.  The story is about the handling of the crisis by one brother and the personal account of the other.  The two worked together to keep America and the world safe.
The story focuses on the conflict between the two giant atomic nations, the United States and the Soviet Union.  On October 16, 1962, the U.S. had suspicion that Russia was placing missiles and atomic weapons in Cuba.  It also seemed as if the Russian's were constructing a large naval shipyard and a base for submarines. The two Kennedy's at first thought it was just a football field, but when U-2 planes got more detailed pictures the two were outraged!  The photos indicated that the missiles were being directed at certain American cities.  It was estimated that within five minutes of them being fired, eighty million Americans would be dead!  RFK later finds out that Russia sent these weapons to Cuba because they thought the U.S. was interested in overthrowing the Cuban government.  In response to this rumor, the Soviets wished to help Cuba protect itself.
Soviet chairman, Nikita Khrushchev, guaranteed President Kennedy that there was nothing going on in Cuba.  The U.S. was not fooled with Khrushchev's act and began to discuss the ideas of a quarantine or a military attack.  RFK and Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara, became the blockade's strongest advocates.  They did not accept the idea of the U.S. raining bombs on Cuba, killing thousands of civilians.  Most of the other advisors eventually agreed a blockade would be best.  A suggestion was made to make a deal with the Soviets: if they withdrew their missiles from Cuba, then we would withdraw our missiles from Turkey and Italy and give up our naval base at Guantanamo Bay.  RFK and others did not support this idea, and President Kennedy made his decision in favor of the blockade.
Immense work and painstaking planning followed JFK's approval.  Missile crews were placed on maximum alert and troops were moved into Florida.  Bomber forcers were ordered into the air fully loaded with atomic weapons.  The President also ordered preparations to proceed for a possible blockade of Berlin, the United Nations headquarters.
The U.S. wanted to avoid a major military confrontation at all cost.  President Kennedy did not want anyone to fire on any Soviet ships.  He said if a vessel refused to stop, the Navy was to shoot at its rudders and propellers, disabling the ship but not to sink the ship or to wound anyone. Not only, were there Soviet ships in the Atlantic but on October 23, Russian submarines were spotted moving into the Caribbean.
That same day, RFK met with Anatoly Dobrynin, the Soviet Ambassador, to review the past events and the relations between the two countries.  Dobrynin said that Russia had not placed any long-range missiles in Cuba and did not intend to do so.  The Russians still did not want to admit that there were missiles in Cuba.
In response to Dobrynin's lie, President Kennedy ordered that the quarantine go in effect the next day.  Reports said that Russian ships were coming steadily toward Cuba.  Two days later, U-2s took film of launching pads, concrete boxes, nuclear storage bunkers, and missiles in Cuba.  It seemed as if the Cubans were getting ready for war.
Two Russian ships, the Gagarin and the Komiles were within a few miles of the quarantine border.  At first, an U.S. cruiser was going to make the first interception, but a report came saying that a Soviet submarine had moved between these two ships.  The suspense was rising; would the ships stop or would this be the beginning of a war?  Minutes later reports came indicating the Russian ships had stopped in the water.  Some ships even turned back toward the Soviet Union!  This was a small but noteworthy victory for the U.S.
Khrushchev then proposed that if the U.S. removed its missiles from Turkey then Russia would remove its missiles from Cuba.  Robert Kennedy wanted Soviet missiles and offensive weapons removed from Cuba under UN inspection.  Later that same day, a U.S. U-2 was shot down over Cuba.  Bombardment of Cuba was the initial reaction, but JFK calmed everyone down.  The next day on October 28, Russia agreed to withdraw their missiles from Cuba.  If they had not, war may have begun.
We are lucky to have such a comprehensive account of this very tense time in U.S. history.  Robert Kennedy did a remarkable job recording these thirteen days of what seemed like hell.  RFK made the book very suspenseful. We were very lucky to have Robert and John Kennedy handle the Cuban missile situation.  Without them, we might not even be here today. The world has lost a lot by the death of these two brothers.
This section contains 846 words
(approx. 3 pages at 300 words per page)
