Q  & A with Robert Drew
LONG SYNOPSIS
    This film views President John F.  Kennedy through the groundbreaking candid filmmaking of Robert Drew --  four phases of Kennedy’s life as seen in footage from four Drew films.
PRIMARY: John F. Kennedy  campaigning for the Presidency.
ADVENTURES ON THE NEW FRONTIER: an ebullient young President  moves into the White House.
CRISIS: BEHIND A PRESIDENTIAL COMMITMENT: a burdened  President in a showdown with the Governor of Alabama, (George Wallace) over  the integration of the University of Alabama.
FACES OF NOVEMBER: the assassination of President John F. Kennedy as  seen through the faces of his compatriots.
Edited together with other footage from  the time, these films render a candid history of John F. Kennedy’s political life.
I. THE CAMERA AND THE CANDIDATE
     Just as John F. Kennedy was  beginning to campaign for the Presidency, a special motion picture camera  was being readied by Robert Drew and his associates. It was small enough  to be able to move with people. The idea behind it: to be able to photograph  life as it happens without direction or interference, as the basis for a new  kind of candid film journalism.
     Looking for the first story to tell  with his new camera, Drew became fascinated with John F. Kennedy and the  challenges he faced running for the Presidency. Veteran politicians considered  Kennedy at 42 too young, too Catholic, too inexperienced – and he was opposed  by his own party and its elders, including former President Harry Truman.
     “A new form of reporting, a new  form of history,” Drew promised Kennedy, if the candidate would agree to allow  the new camera to live with him for five days and nights while he campaigned.
Kennedy agreed. 
     The film was “PRIMARY,” a close and  intimate look at Senator John F. Kennedy as he campaigns for the Presidency  against Hubert Humphrey in the Wisconsin  primary. With no interviews and little narration, it would allow audiences to  see for themselves what it would be like to travel in the company of John. F.  Kennedy. A candid first in politics, it was also a candid first in filmmaking.  It became the first of four historic Drew films on John F. Kennedy.
     Unlike the directed documentaries  of the day, PRIMARY’s freewheeling photography moved with its subjects and  brought audiences straight into the action. It captured Kennedy’s rock  -star-like presence and Jackie’s quiet radiance. It granted audiences  unprecedented access into the world of a young politician and his glamorous  wife as they campaigned across the Wisconsin  landscape and navigated their way through throngs of ardent supporters. And  while it is no mystery who ultimately made it to the White House, “PRIMARY” builds with dramatic tension as the candidates await the returns, capturing the  character and flavor of campaign politics as never before seen on film.
     With this new, long running, candid  footage, Drew was able to outline the editing for a story that would tell  itself through the dramatic logic of people living through an event, with less  than three minutes of narration.
     PRIMARY received the Robert  Flaherty Award and the American Film Festival Blue Ribbon in 1960 and was  recognized as a breakthrough in documentary filmmaking around the world. Dubbed “cinema verite” in Europe, Drew’s form was  quickly copied in documentary and feature films. In 1990, PRIMARY was selected  as an historic American film for inclusion in the Library of Congress’ National  Film Registry.
II. A PRESIDENTIAL TEST
     Before Kennedy’s inauguration,  Robert Drew screened PRIMARY for him in West    Palm Beach. “At that time I was proposing that we make  a new kind of history of the Presidency,” recalls Drew, “that we would see and  feel all the things that bore on the Presidency at a given time – the  expressions on faces, the mood of the country, the tensions in the room – so  that future Presidents could look back at this and see and learn. And I thought  Kennedy, who had written a history book, might agree that history should  be recorded in a different way.”
     Kennedy saw the historical  significance of this new kind of filmmaking, and when Drew proposed to make a  film on JFK, as President dealing with a crisis, Kennedy said, “Yes – what if I  could see what went on in the White House during the 24 hours before FDR  declared war on Japan?”
     Kennedy asked Drew to do some tests  first to see if he would forget the cameras in the White House as he had during  the Wisconsin campaign. Eight weeks later,  Drew went into the Oval Office with a two-man team and recorded  for two days. He captured on film a young President wrapped up in work on  poverty in West Virginia,  the Cold War in Africa and military maneuvers off Cuba. Kennedy  had forgotten the camera so completely, that when, in a meeting with the Joint  Chiefs, the subject turned toward Cuba,  (the invasion of Cuba  had not yet taken place) an admiral had to remind the President that the camera  was still there.
     These tests were the first films  ever to show a President doing real work in the White House. They became part  of a Drew special for ABC, ADVENTURES ON THE NEW FRONTIER, and  succeeded with its sequence with the Joint Chiefs intact in clearing  the way for CRISIS: BEHIND A PRESIDENTIAL COMMITMENT, Drew’s third major film  on JFK.
III. CRISIS: BEHIND A PRESIDENTIAL COMMITMENT
     CRISIS documented the showdown  between Alabama Governor George Wallace and President Kennedy over the  integration of the University   of Alabama.
     Wallace vowed to stand in the  school house door to prevent the integration of two African-American students,  Vivian Malone and James Hood; Attorney General Robert Kennedy and the President  were committed to upholding a federal court order that demanded the admission  of the students.
     In the Oval Office, the President  and Robert Kennedy hammered out strategy they hoped would gain admission for  the two students without having to jail the governor: in a first try to  register the students, they would allow the governor to turn them back; in the  second try, the President would take over the Alabama National Guard.  Meanwhile, five Drew teams ranged from the Oval Office to the Justice  Department to the University   of Alabama, capturing the  human details of a drama deeply affecting the country, the civil rights  movement and the Presidency.
     In CRISIS, we see Deputy Attorney  General Nicholas Katzenbach confronting the governor twice. The first time,  Katzenbach turned back in the face of the governor’s defiance; the second time,  confronted by his own National Guard, the governor backed down, and the  students were admitted. That night, in a nationally-televised speech, President  Kennedy became the first President since Abraham Lincoln to commit the power of  the Presidency behind civil rights as a moral issue.
CRISIS was described by reviewer  John Horn as “an unprecedented television documentary…a milestone in film  journalism.”
IV. FACES OF NOVEMBER
     Robert Drew’s fourth film on  President Kennedy, “Faces of November” is a view of reactions to President Kennedy’s  funeral as reflected in the faces of participants and onlookers on November  24-25, 1963. FACES OF NOVEMBER was the first film to win two first prizes at  the Venice Film Festival, one each in the theatrical and television categories.
     The four Drew films on JFK, edited  into “A President to Remember: In the Company of John F. Kennedy” are a history  of his years from young Senator to President to fallen icon and the beginning  of the history of Cinema Verite in America.
 
