Click to enlarge and for details.
Two days after the assassination, Jacqueline       Kennedy still stunned and suffering grief, drawing on strength.
Lee Harvey Oswald is reported to have had an unhappy childhood, in grade   school he was bullied. In high school he felt isolated, tended   to be unfriendly toward others his age, and he read a lot, including books on   the big subject of those times: Communism. He read the Communist Manifesto   and other writings which gave him the impression that Communism was something   other than what the public in general thought of it. To an acquaintance he said   that Communism was good for the worker. And at his school he told someone that   he would shoot Eisenhower if he could because Eisenhower was exploiting the   workers.
Oswald's life had been without a father and filled with continual disruptions   and family discord. He worshipped his older brother, who had joined the Marine   Corps in 1952. In 1956, at the age of seventeen, Oswald joined the Marine Corps   -- despite the views he had expressed on Communism. It is said that he wanted   to get away from home and his mother and to be like his brother.
In boot camp he had the firing range training with the heavy World War II   rifle, the M-1. He  qualified as a "sharpshooter," meaning he could hit a ten-inch   target at 200 yards, eight out of ten times at a reasonably rapid rate, in some   uncomfortable positions -- without a scope.
In the Marine Corps, Oswald was still isolated. He saw himself as different   from those around him. He was not happy there, and while stationed   in Japan he went out on liberty alone and befriended Japanese Communists. Oswald   became insolent with other Marines, including those who had command over him.   He did time in the brig -- with its tortuous routine of standing at attention   for hours. Out of the brig his dislike of duty led to one nervous breakdown.   He recovered, and, on the grounds that his mother was ill and in need of support,   he left the Marines on a hardship discharge a month before the end of three   years of service.
Some conspiracy theorists concluded that Oswald, while on his first tour   of duty in the Marine Corps, had been selected to work for the Central Intelligence   Agency. Any enlisted Marine recruited for work for Central Intelligence Agency   would have had to demonstrate to the Corps exceptional intelligence, competence   and dedication to duty -- and most likely would have been someone who had re-enlisted   at least once. There were among enlisted Marines a norm and below norm, and   anybody who knows a few basic facts about Oswald's tour of duty in the Marine   Corps knows that Oswald was somewhere among this group rather than exceptional. [mouse-over note]
Oswald fumbling around with a Russian dictionary would not    have been enough to impress higher-ups that he should be selected for CIA    duty.
Oswald to the Soviet Union
Rather than take care of his mother, with money he had saved he bought passage   on a ship to Europe. In 1959, during a time of goodwill between the Soviet Union and the Eisenhower   administration,  the Soviet Union was accepting tourists   from the United States. By October 16, Oswald was in Moscow with a tourist visa.   He announced that he wanted to become a Soviet citizen and was dismayed when   the Soviet Union turned him down. Oswald had just turned twenty. Depressed and   with no alternative hopes he slashed his wrist. Tourists were watched closely,   and, when Oswald failed to put in an appearance, his room was entered. Blood    was found everywhere, and he was rushed to a hospital. Asked why he had attempted   suicide he said that he was not leaving the Soviet Union alive.
The Soviet Union did not trust U.S. journalism, and they wanted to avoid   misrepresentations arising from the death or mistreatment of an American tourist, so they decided to let him stay. But they kept an eye on   him, unsure of his stability or whether he was a CIA agent.
Back in the U.S.A.
Oswald did leave the Soviet Union alive. Routine, menial work did not appeal   to him, and he learned that the Soviet Union was something less than a workers' paradise. In June 1962 he returned to Texas, with a wife, Marina. Oswald was   also miserable in the United States. Life for the unskilled was a struggle everywhere,   but, like some others who favored social revolution but looked with distaste   upon the Soviet Union, Oswald was enthusiastic about Castro's revolution.
Oswald had difficulty holding a job and remaining settled, and he blamed   these on FBI visits to his employers and landlords. Oswald was attached to Marina,   his only companion and partner, but his frustration led to his occasionally   beating her. Oswald was fascinated with guns. He had a pistol and a Mannllicher-Carcano   rifle that he practiced with -- not at a range but in open country outside town.
Rightists in Texas were outspoken in their hostility towards Cuba, and Oswald   decided to strike against the most outspoken rightist in Texas, the former Army general,   Edwin Walker, whom Oswald described as a fascist. For two months Oswald planned   his attack on Walker, and, on the night of April 10, 1963, he shot into Walker's   house. The bullet nicked the side of the window, was deflected and missed Walker.   Oswald returned home, and with only a few words he explained to Marina what   he had done. She was distressed but kept quiet about it, no doubt ashamed. She   decided that Oswald was sick and unstable and hoped that somehow he would snap   out of it.
Later in April, Marina watched Oswald pack his pistol excitedly and leave   the house. She thought he was going to meet Richard Nixon, who was rumored to   be coming to Dallas. But Nixon did not arrive and Oswald returned home without   incident.
Oswald was an avid reader of newspapers, especially of political news. He   had learned of the Fair Play for Cuba Committee. Oswald and Marina moved to   New Orleans, and there he became the only member of a chapter of the Fair Play   for Cuba Committee -- self appointed. He handed out leaflets calling for hands   off Cuba, and he argued. He decided to defect to Cuba and hatched a plan to   hijack a plane with Marina, who was pregnant. She refused, and Oswald decided   to travel by bus to Mexico City, using money from an unemployment check. He   planned to send for Marina after he had established himself in Cuba.
In Mexico City the Cubans refused him a visa. He returned to Dallas, cursing   bureaucrats. His wife was living with a friend and keeping some of Oswald's   belongings, and Oswald found a room in a district on the outskirts of the city.   He found a minimum wage job at a school book depository building. While on the   job he learned that President Kennedy was coming to Dallas and would be driving   by his place of work -- Kennedy, whom Castro had been vilifying.
Oswald took his rifle, with scope, to work, disguising it  as a package of curtain   rods. Alone, on the sixth floor of the building, he built a wall of boxes around   a window with a view of the roadway over which Kennedy would be traveling. The   boxes shielded him from view of anyone who might happen onto the sixth floor.   Kennedy's motorcade arrived, with Kennedy's limousine having its top off for   the sake of visibility for the crowds. Directly below Oswald on the fifth floor,   one of his co-workers heard three distinct shots and the clicking of a bolt   action rifle between each shot.
Oswald was the only employee missing in a line up of employees a few minutes   or so after the assassination. Oswald had fled to his rooming house, where he   grabbed his pistol and a jacket and left, with the kind of manner that attracts   suspicion. Police showed up at the house where his wife Marina was living. She   showed the police where she thought Oswald's rifle was, wrapped up in a roll.   There was no rifle in the roll, and Marina went ashen. Oswald, meanwhile, shot   and killed a suspicious policeman and was captured in a movie theater. In front   of newsmen Oswald professed his innocence, but when questioned by the police   he gave them what are now known to be lies.
In Cuba, Fidel Castro was surprised and alarmed by the assassination. He   had had nothing to do with it, and fearing the unknown he put Cuba on full alert.   Two days after the assassination, an emotional owner of a Dallas girly club,   Jack Ruby, tried to make himself a hero by killing Oswald. The assassination   had moved many people patriotically, including Ruby, and he wanted to prove   that Jews had guts.
It was a time when the U.S. Department of Justice,  led by Attorney General Robert Kennedy,   was investigating organized crime and was making extensive tapes of unsuspecting   gangsters, including the conversations of Sam Giancana, the operations head   for the old Capone organization in Chicago. Also under investigation was Jimmy   Hoffa, head of the Teamsters Union. No evidence emerged of interest in or knowledge   about any plans to assassinate Kennedy among those whose conversations were   taped -- only remarks after the assassination, including expressions of delight,   none of which indicated any involvement.
A week after the assassination, only 29 percent in a Gallup poll believed   that Oswald had acted alone in killing Kennedy. The government's official investigation, called the Warren Commission,   was viewed with distrust because its conclusions had been made in secret. As   of September 2001, many still believed that Oswald was either innocent or part   of a conspiracy. In the manner of lawyers fighting a difficult case, a number   of writers have marshaled what they see as evidence of a conspiracy, relying   on skepticism where it suits them, citing gaps of information here and there   and making associations with confidence where it suits a conspiratorial theory.   Their point is usually that government agents (the FBI, CIA and/or military)   managed to work together to cover up a conspiracy to kill Kennedy in order to   hide their deeds -- deeds that would have been disapproved by society at large.
Books with the rival points of view are available with greater detail than   can be presented here. Some of them are listed under books in "links   and books" shown below. And there are links with additional coverage of   the Kennedy assassination.
