2005 " Mapping prehistoric statue roads on Easter Island " (C.P. Lipo and T.L. Hunt) Antiquity 79:158-168.
2005 "Archaeological Stratigraphy and Chronology at Nu'alolo Kai, Na Pali District, Kaua'i" Hawaiian Archaeology (Special Publication Number II), pp. 236-258.
2005 " Samoa's pre-contact relations with western Polynesia and beyond " (S. Barnes and T.L. Hunt), Journal of the Polynesian Society 114:227-266.
2005 "Recent geophysical and archaeological studies at Anakena." (C. Lipo, T. Hunt, and S. Rapu) In C.M. Stevenson, J.M. Ramierez, F.J. Morin, and N. Barbacci, Eds. The Renaca Papers: VI International Conference on Rapa Nui and the Pacific, Easter Island Foundation, Los Osos, pp. 97-105.
2005 "The use of satellite imagery to study prehistoric agricultural features (manavai) on Rapa Nui." (I. Ayala, C. Lipo, and T. Hunt) In C.M. Stevenson, J.M. Ramierez, F.J. Morin, and N. Barbacci, Eds. The Renaca Papers: VI International Conference on Rapa Nui and the Pacific, Easter Island Foundation, Los Osos, pp. 113-123.
2003 "El Niño/Southern Oscillation and Rapa Nui Prehistory" (J. Genz and T.L. Hunt), Rapa Nui Journal 17:7-14.
2002 "On the location of the Proto-Oceanic homeland" (J.E. Terrell, T.L. Hunt, and J. Bradshaw). Pacific Studies 25:57-93.
2001 " Cultural Elaboration and Environmental Uncertainty in Polynesia " (T.L. Hunt and C.P. Lipo), In C.M. Stevenson, G. Lee, and F. Morin, Editors, Pacific 2000: Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Easter Island and the Pacific, Easter Island Foundation, Los Osos, pp. 103-115.
2000 "A preliminary report on archaeological research in the Yasawa Islands, Fiji" (T.L. Hunt, K.F. Aronson, E.E.Cochrane, J.S. Field, L. Humphrey, and T. Rieth). Domodomo: Fiji Museum Quarterly 12:5-43.
1998 "Language steamrollers?" (J. Terrell, J. Hines, T. Hunt, C. Kusimba, C. Lipo). Nature 391:547.
1997 "The Historical Ecology of Ofu Island, American Samoa, 3000 B.P. to the Present." In P.V. Kirch and T.L. Hunt, Editors, Historical Ecology in the Pacific Islands: Prehistoric Environmental and Landscape Change.  Yale University Press, New Haven.  pp. 105-123.
1997 "A new Lapita-Associated Skeleton from Fiji" (M. Pietrusewsky, T.L. Hunt, and R.M. Ikehara-Quebral). Journal of the Polynesian Society 106: 284-295.
1997 "The Dimensions of Social Life in the Pacific: Human diversity and the myth of the primitive isolate" (J.E. Terrell, T.L. Hunt, and C. Gosden). Current Anthropology 38:155-195.
1993 "Ceramic provenance studies in Oceania: Methodological issues." In B. Fankhauser and J. Bird, Editors, Archaeometry: Current Australasian Research.  Occasional Papers in Prehistory, No. 22.  Australian National University, Canberra.
1993 "A reappraisal of evidence for subsistence change at the Hane Dune Site, Marquesas, French Polynesia" (M. Sweeney, M.W. Graves, and T.L. Hunt). Asian Perspectives 32(2): 225-238.
1991 "The early radiocarbon chronology of the Hawaiian Islands" (T.L. Hunt and R. Holsen). Asian Perspectives 29(3):147-161.
1990 "Elemental composition as a basis for inferring ceramic vessel function" (R.C. Dunnell and T.L. Hunt).  Current Anthropology 31:330-336.
1990 "Some methodological issues of exchange in Oceanic prehistory" (T.L. Hunt and M.W. Graves). Asian Perspectives 29(2):107-115.
1990 "Ceramic production as a measure of late prehistoric interaction in the Mariana Islands" (M.W. Graves, T.L. Hunt, and D. Moore). Asian Perspectives 29(2):211-233.
1990 "An ancestral Polynesian Occupation at To?'aga, Ofu Island, American Samoa" (P.V. Kirch, T.L. Hunt, L. Nagaoka, and J. Tyler). Archaeology in Oceania 25(1):1-15.
1988 "An archaeological survey of the Manu?a Islands, American Samoa" (T.L. Hunt and P.V. Kirch). Journal of the Polynesian Society 97(2): 153-183.
1987 "Patterns of human interaction and evolutionary divergence in the Fiji Islands." Journal of the Polynesian Society 96(3): 299-334.
Edited Books (Selected)
2001 Posing Questions for a Scientific Archaeology (T.L. Hunt, C.P. Lipo, and S. Sterling, Editors).  Scientific Archeology for the Third Millennium Series, Greenwood Press, Westport.
1997 Historical Ecology in the Pacific Islands: Prehistoric Environmental and Landscape Change (P.V. Kirch and T.L. Hunt, Editors), Yale University Press, New Haven.
1993 The To'aga Site: Archaeological Investigations at an Early Polynesian Site in the Manu'a Islands, American Samoa (P.V.  Kirch and T.L. Hunt, Editors).  Contributions of the University of California Archaeological Research Facility, U.C., Berkeley.
1988 Archaeology of the Lapita Cultural Complex:  A Critical Review (P.V. Kirch and T.L. Hunt, Editors).  Burke Museum Special Research Report No. 5.
Media
Awards
2008 Regents' Medal for Excellence in Research, University  of Hawai'i (University system-wide award for excellence in research)
2005    Regents' Medal for Excellence in Teaching, University of Hawai'i (University system-wide award for excellence in teaching)
1991    Presidential Citation for Meritorious Teaching, University of Hawai'i (University-wide award for excellence in teaching)
Description of Courses Regularly Taught
Note on Teaching: In 2005 I was honored with the Board of Regents’ Medal for Excellence in Teaching, the highest ranked University of Hawai`i system-wide award. In 1991 I was awarded the university-wide Presidential Citation for Meritorious Teaching.
Anth 210 Archaeology
This is a critical and synthetic introduction to archaeological history, theory, method, and technique. Case studies from American and Pacific archaeology illustrate some of the topics covered.
Anth 321 & 322 World Archeology I & II
These two courses cover the archaeology of the origins of human culture, population dispersals (Out of Africa), evolution of agriculture, social complexity/urbanism (worldwide survey), and processes of European colonial expansion. I have taught these courses as Resident Director for the University of Hawai`i Study Abroad Programs in London (1995) using resources at the British Museum, and in Florence, Italy (2006), using resources at local museums and archaeological sites in Tuscany.
Anth 323 Pacific Island Archaeology
This course covers the origins and expansion of Pacific Island populations, including Greater Australia, Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia. Problems of chronology, human diversity, and patterns of interaction are the focus of some analysis. The course considers environmental and landscape change, the evolution of social complexity, and other current research questions in critical light.
Anth 381/Anth 668 Archaeological Field Techniques ( Easter Island [Rapa Nui] & Kaua`i )
These courses provide an introduction to archaeological research design and field techniques including satellite image analysis, low elevation kite and blimp photography (aerial mapping), pedestrian survey, mapping (tape & compass, GPS, total station), site recording, photography, excavation, feature and stratigraphic recording, and cataloging/processing of recovered faunal, floral, and artifactual remains. Students will learn one or more geophysical survey methods. Students may also participate in museum work (cataloging, curation, analysis, etc.) or other research activities (e.g., kite photography, satellite image analysis, GIS, etc.).  Students at the graduate level (Anth 668) will also complete a special research projects or field research design in conjunction with the field school.
Anth 412 Evolutionary Anthropology
Anthropology 412 is an upper-division providing an overview of evolutionary theory applied to questions of human culture and behavior.  Our focus is on areas of evolutionary thinking in anthropology that go beyond human biology. Specifically, we will consider three areas of theoretical development that have proven productive and seen rapid growth in anthropology:  the application of Darwinian evolutionary theory to culture, human behavioral ecology, and research on the evolution of complex societies (in their many dimensions). We will examine these domains for ethnology, archaeology, and to a lesser extent biological anthropology and historical linguistics, exploring unifying concepts and themes in evolutionary theory as an explanatory framework. The course is organized as a lecture and discussion format.
Anth 464 Hawaiian Archaeology
This is a critical and synthetic overview of archaeological history in the Hawaiian Islands. The course examines the Oceanic context of Hawai`i, Hawaiian origins and migrations, environmental change, systems of agricultural and aqua-cultural production, landscape use, the evolutionary ecology of social complexity, historic preservation and Native Hawaiian activism, community-based archaeology, and consequences of European contact. This course includes local and neighbor island field trips to visit archaeological sites in their landscape/environmental context.
Anth 472 Ceramic Analysis in Archaeology
This course is an intensive introduction to the theory, methods, and techniques used in the analyses of archaeological ceramics. The course examines ceramics in terms of variability in 1) raw materials, 2) production technology, 3) style, 4) function, and 5) post-depositional diagenesis. Students consider these dimensions of ceramic variability with a survey of compositional analyses, ceramic technology (relations of material and production), classification and stylistic analyses, residue detection, and other physical properties of archaeological ceramic specimens. Thematic foci of the course include problems of specialist and domestic production, pottery trade, technological change and abandonment, use and functional roles of pottery, and style in historical and spatial contexts.
Anth 474 Geoarchaeology
This is a field and laboratory course on the analyses of sediment and soils in archaeological context. The course examines principles of sedimentology, environments and mechanisms of deposition, and post-depositional alterations (including soil formation). We survey a variety of laboratory and field techniques. Special attention is given to geoarchaeological problems in Hawai`i and other Pacific Island environments. Some emphasis is placed on prehistoric landscape change and its reconstruction.
Anth 603 Archaeology (Graduate Theory Core)
This is the graduate core (seminar) in archaeological theory. The course covers developments from culture history, the New Archaeology, “post-processual” critique, and evolutionary archaeology. We critically analyze the literature on theory and disciplinary goals with special reference to archaeologists’ desire to develop science. Exploring problems of agricultural origins, the evolution of social complexity, subsistence, and the emergence of cultural elaboration illustrate differing theoretical approaches employed by archaeologists.
Anth 640 (B) Analytical Archaeology
This course is an intensive and practical overview of archaeological analysis in evaluation of research problems.  The course is organized as a seminar.  Archaeological analyses are often seen as merely procedural.  They are not.  In this course we will examine the methodological basis for analysis, i.e., linking theory/problems with method in empirically sufficient ways.  To do this we will address unit construction (classification and grouping) as well as the issue of scale in addressing archaeological research problems through analytical methods.  Students will work in a sequence from review and critical analyses of analytical archaeology (case studies), to research design, construction of appropriate analytical units, to analyses and evaluation.  We will use archaeological (and other, e.g., palaeo-environmental) data sets and students will develop individual projects from their research.
Anth 640(C) Environmental Archaeology
Environmental archaeology is a seminar on the theory, methods, and techniques that inform upon palaeo-environmental remains in archaeological research. The course explores the theoretical basis for palaeo-environmental research in archaeology (e.g., historical ecology, biogeography, evolutionary ecology). The course then examines 1) geoarchaeology (brief coverage only, as it the topic of a separate course); 2) faunal studies (e.g., vertebrate remains, marine shell, land snails); 3) archaeometric applications (e.g., residue analysis); 4) palaeobotany (e.g., pollen, phytolith, and macrofossil analyses); 5) problems of field sampling; and 6) several issues of quantification and hypothesis testing (e.g., patterns of environmental change, diversity, and subsistence).
page last updated March 30, 2012
Department of Anthropology • College of Social Sciences • University of Hawaii
2424 Maile Way • Saunders Hall 346 • Honolulu, Hawai'i 96822-2223
Tel: (808) 956-8415 • Fax: (808) 956-4893 • e-mail: anthprog@hawaii.edu
© University of Hawai'i. All rights reserved.
