SOEST in the News
Climate change and the South Asian summer monsoon
The vagaries of South Asian summer monsoon rainfall impact the lives of more than one billion people. Based on an extensive review of recent research, senior researcher H. Annamalai of the International Pacific Research Center ( IPRC ) and post-doctoral scholar A.G. Turner of the University of Reading in the UK, conclude that with continued rise in CO2 the region can expect generally more rainfall. Regional projections for devastating droughts and floods, however, are still beyond the reach of current climate models. Their review is in the 24 June 2012 online edition of Nature Climate Change .
Read more about it in Science Daily . Image courtesy of G. Speidel, IPRC/SOEST.
UH Aquaculture     outreach program is online
In response to the growing need for sustainable aquaculture, the UH Mānoa Aquaculture Program has launched a new online community outreach program called “ ATOLL : Aquaculture Training and Online Learning”; it is the brainchild of program coordinator Tetsuzan Benny Ron . Supported by grants from NOAA , the team includes dedicated expert faculty from the Mānoa campus, including UH Sea Gran t, as well as local farmers and representatives from the Hawai‘i Department of Agriculture ( HDOA ) and University of Oregon Sea Grant .
Read more about it at KITV.com and UH Mānoa News .  Image courtesy of Natalie Cash, Farm Manager, Olomana Gardens.
Marine Biology graduate program approved
The establishment of the first graduate degree program in Marine Biology in Hawai‘i has been approved by the UH Board of Regents. The Marine Biology PhD and Master of Science Program will be jointly administered by the College of Natural Sciences ( CNS ) and the School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology ( SOEST ). Strongly supported by Dean William Ditto of CNS and Dean Brian Taylor of SOEST, the graduate program in Marine Biology will train future leaders in the marine biological sciences. UH Mānoa is uniquely positioned to ( continued here… )
Read more about it in the UH System News , UH Mānoa News , and the Pacific Business News , and at the Marine Biology Graduate Program site. Image courtesy of CNS/SOEST.
Hurricane season is June 1st thru November 30th
Visit the NWS Central Pacific Hurricane Center and Hawai‘i State Civil Defense for forecasts and hurricane preparedness information. The Pacific Islands Ocean Observing System ( PacIOOS ) has links to other forecast sites. The second edition of the Homeowner’s Handbook to Prepare for Natural Hazards has been released and is available free as a hard copy at the UH Sea Grant office on the Mānoa campus and as a PDF download from the online bookstore .
Please visit SOEST in the News: 2012 for archived news articles, with links to previous years.
SOEST Quicklinks
