Letter from the Chair
Greetings!
Anthropology  at the University of Hawai`i has a long and rich history.  That history builds first of all upon a  recognition that these islands are home to Kanaka Maoli (Native  Hawaiians) who continue to assert kuleana (rights and responsibilities)  as ‘Ōiwi (indigenous people) of this land.  It is a history built upon a combination of  our geopolitical location in the Pacific and as a bridge to Asia, as well as a  wealth of scholars with a fine legacy of research linked to this very  locus. 
Our faculty members are diverse in their interests,  theoretical orientations, and areal foci, but unite in a commitment to  anthropology as a comprehensive discipline that embraces the human condition  through time and space.  Whether  examining national memorials, contraceptive practices, media talk, skeletal  remains, or pottery shards, we embrace these equally as fields of research that  enrich our holistic understanding of human practices and meanings. 
Many of our graduates go on to careers in teaching and  research at universities throughout the world.   But importantly, a number of our graduates go on to careers for which  anthropology is a springboard – that is, NGOs, governmental agencies, museums,  contract work, and the like.  The work of  applied anthropology (here, particularly archaeology) grows and only reiterates  our commitment to deep training as the discipline spreads into broad fields.  We take this as a sign of the strength and  relevance of what we do.
We invite you to be part of our community  – whether virtually or in person.  Our legacy may build on a rich past, but it  is very much part of a vibrant, energetic, evolving present and future. 
I extend my warmest aloha to you!
Department News
Full Videos  from Spring 2012 Anthropology Colloquium Series
>Congratulations to Christopher Bae and Jennie Jin on the birth of their daughter, Leah   Abigail Bae on June 3, 2012
> Terry Hunt awarded Society for
American Archaeology 2012 book award (public audience   category) for
"The Statues that Walked: Unraveling the mystery of Easter   Island"
> Christopher Bae receives tenure and promotion to Associate Professor
> Fred Blake promoted to Professor
> Christopher Bae awarded 2012  Regents'   Medal for Excellence in Research
> Eirik Saethre receives Chancellor's Citation for Meritorious Teaching
>Pictures from the 2012 Anthropology Department Year End Celebration and Awards
>Ty Tengan and James Bayman awarded $225,997 grant from Kamehameha Schools to strengthen  Applied Archaeology MA program at UH Manoa
>Emeritus Professor Ben Finney honored as Living Treasure of Hawaii for 2012 . Photos from the ceremony: [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
>Fred Blake's new book Burning Money published by UH Press
>Tune in to a community radio program facilitated by Prof. Christine Yano
Christine R. Yano
