K. B.
May 10, 2012
What do you consider the worst thing about your school? Why?I would not consider anything bad about the school I attend.  I honestly believe that the school has been a blessing to me.  It has given me an oppurtunity that other schools in Hawaii has not given me.  Although the campus may not have the best features there is no reason for me to judge the appearance and compare it to any other school.  This school given me a chance to help me achieve my goals to finish my degree.Describe your classmates in one sentence.“Ohana” means family in hawaiian and that is the best I can help envision my classmates.
S. S.
April 15, 2012
What’s unique about your school compared to other schools you considered?Compared to other schools, I think HPU has a unique environment. Our Honolulu campus is not your average college campus. It’s more of a business area—which may take some getting used to—but also allows you to feel like you’re already living in the “real world.” You could easily find work or an internship that’s close to school, which makes it convenient to go from one place to the other. HPU also strives to make us the best people we can be. We learn about global citizenship and are encouraged to get involved.What’s the most frustrating thing about your school?The most frustrating thing about my school is the cost. HPU is a really good school and has encouraged my desire to learn through classes and my study abroad experience. However, seeing as how it is a private school, the cost is a bit more than other public institutions. I would like to continue my education with HPU if financial circumstances allow it. I know tuition is a frustration for most students and their schools, but my parents put so much money into my education I’d like to help them out. They always support me.
J. W.
March 11, 2012
What is your school best known for?We are known for our nursing programs and classes because our professors take their jobs seriously to educate us with the knowledge they know. Also, the nursing progam is one of the best in Hawaii because there’s a lot of things we can practice on and we get a lot of hands on training.What do you consider the worst thing about your school? Why?The worst part about my school is the location because the campus downtown is full of homeless people who tend to pick on you sometimes which is slightly scary. Although I dont mind being around homeless people, I dont like the fact that it makes me feel uncomfortable when I some yelling at me because they think that I believe Im better then them just because I am attending school which is not true. I treat everyone with respect no matter who you are.
K. K.
January 11, 2012
What is your school best known for?Hawaii Pacific is best known for its Nursing and Marine Biology programs.  Small class sizes and adept professors give HPU an astounding reputation as a place for great knowledge and learning.  Location makes HPU a perfect college for Marine sciences, as well as botany, ecology, and biology.What kind of person should attend this school?A person with a desire to push themselves as far as they can.  A person attending Hawaii Pacific University must have the drive to succeed and the will to learn, and be motivated to push themselves, not wait for someone else to do it for them. With numerous distractions (local culture, fine cuisine, and of course fabulous beaches), a student of HPU has to, above all, aspire to be all they can be.  An HPU student also must desire small class sizes with one-on-one experience with professors, and a drive to ask many questions.
April 17, 2011
What do you wish you had known before you came to this school?I don’t really wish I had known anything, the school is pretty much how it comes across online.,What kind of person should attend this school?Any kind of person should attend this school.  It has every type of person imaginable.  There are outgoing, party hard people, all the way to people who never leave there room except for class.
Average Rating
