See www.shidler.hawaii.edu
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Studies Center
The APEC Studies Center was formed in July 1994 as a joint venture of UH Manoa and the East-West Center and is one of the founding members of the U.S. APEC Study Center Consortium. APEC has become the primary vehicle for developing a sense of economic community in the Asia Pacific region. The 21 member economies that currently comprise APEC constitute about half of the world's total annual output in terms of GNP and represent almost 50 percent of the world's total merchandise trade.
Asia-Pacific Financial Markets (FIMA) Research Center
The FIMA Research Center conducts academic and policy research on financial markets in the Asia-Pacific region. It serves the securities and banking industries, academia, and government sector through four major programs:
The Asian Shadow Financial Regulatory Committee (ASFRC) is a group of independent experts on economic policy issues relevant to financial markets and the financial industry of the Asia-Pacific region. ASFRC members are independent of any of the members' affiliated institutions. The policy recommendations of ASFRC are its own. Typically, ASFRC tries to translate concepts drawn from academic literature into concrete policy recommendations.
The Pacific-Basin Finance Journal publishes the highest quality theoretical and empirical research on financial markets of the region.
The FIMA Financial Executive Program is intended for market regulators and financial executives to develop a better understanding of the financial markets in the region as well as in the developed economies in light of state-of-the-art finance theories.
The PACAP Databases Program creates, maintains, and distributes capital market databases of Asia, including China, Hong Kong (SAR), Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, and Thailand. The program is jointly undertaken by FIMA and the University of Rhode Island PACAP Research Center. The FIMA Research Center assumes a leadership role as the front office by acting as a liaison with participating financial institutions from the region. The PACAP Research Center, in turn, provides the back office function of maintaining, updating, and distributing the databases.
The Center for International Business Education and Research (CIBER)
The UH CIBER goal is to promote international business research and development activities within the UH System and the community. As one of 33 such centers at major universities across the U.S., the UH CIBER serves as a national resource for improved international business techniques and strategies as well as a regional resource providing training and research designed to meet the needs of companies doing business with the Asia-Pacific.
Working with faculty and researchers from various disciplines across the Manoa campus and from the UH System, CIBER has promoted the creation of interdisciplinary courses, research and programs. Other activities supported include the innovative Field Study in Asia course, the annual PAMI Summer Program, faculty research projects on international business topics, studies abroad and overseas internships by students and travel support for faculty and doctoral students to present papers at national and international conferences. Outreach initiatives include working with various community organizations to sponsor workshops and other training activities.
Executive Education Center
The Executive Education Center is responsible for the Shidler College's executive masters programs as well as custom and open-enrollment programs. Our programs develop the critical skills and leadership capacities of individuals, teams, and organizations to sustain a competitive advantage in a global economy.
We design and deliver custom programs to support organizations in achieving their strategic goals. Our open-enrollment programs are offered to flexibly serve individuals and organizations seeking breakthrough learning opportunities. For more information, or to speak with an executive education staff member, please email execed@hawaii.edu or call (808) 956-8135.
Family Business Center of Hawai‘i
The Family Business Center of Hawai'i is a partnership between Hawai'i's family business community and the UH's Shidler College of Business. The mission of the Family Business Center is "equipping, educating, and celebrating families in business." The center provides opportunities for the families to address many of the challenges they face by providing educational seminars and a forum for the exchange of information between families so that they can survive and thrive into and through the 21st century.
Pacific Asian Center for Entrepreneurship and E-Business (PACE)
The goal of PACE is to foster the entrepreneurial spirit among students, faculty, and the community. The center supports the inclusion of entrepreneurship-related courses in the UH Manoa curriculum and offers a summer certificate in international entrepreneurship. In addition, PACE also supports the student Entrepreneurship Club and numerous outreach programs, including statewide business plan competitions at the high school and college levels, the Kauffman Entrepreneurial Internship Program, a distinguished lecture series, the Hawai'i Entrepreneurs Bootcamp, and programs for Native Hawaiian entrepreneurs.
Pacific Asian Management Institute (PAMI)
PAMI was established in 1977 as an institute of international management education and research bridging the East and the West. Students, faculty, managers, and government officials from more than 170 companies and 200 institutions in 22 countries have attended cross-cultural, international management courses, and training programs developed by PAMI.
For a modest fee in addition to the summer course tuition, two certificate programs—in International Management and International Entrepreneurship—are offered by PAMI during the Summer Sessions. The curriculum features traditional (classroom-based) and online international business courses in management, marketing, finance, business economics, entrepreneurship, and human resource management. These are taught by faculty from UH Manoa and from some of the best business schools in the U.S. and around the world. The certificate programs are open to undergraduate and graduate students from any discipline, to Americans and foreigners, who are admitted by the Summer Session Office.
The Pacific Asian Lecture Series (PALS), open to the public, is part of the PAMI summer program, as are occasional field trips and site visits. The highlight of PAMI's summer is the annual N.H. Paul Chung Luncheon and Lecture, held in honor of PAMI's founder and features a renowned international business speaker.
PAMI is the secretariat for the Pacific Asian Consortium on International Business Education and Research (PACIBER), with 36 member universities in the U.S., Canada, Asia, and Oceania.
Pacific-Basin Finance Journal
The Pacific-Basin Finance Journal is an academic journal published five times a year by Elsevier Science publishers B.V. (North-Holland) in collaboration with the Shidler College of Business. The journal provides a specialized forum for the publication of the highest quality theoretical and empirical research on capital markets of the Asia-Pacific region and represents a significant milestone in the FIMA Research Center's program and objectives as it effectively reaches a broader audience in terms of current developments in Asian and Pacific capital markets. Its primary emphasis will be placed on the following areas:
investment and portfolio management
