Course Descriptions »
National Accreditation from the DETC
Kona University achieved national accreditation with the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC) after a thorough review process. The Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education and Training Council is listed by the U.S. Department of Education as a nationally recognized accrediting agency. The Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education and Training Council is a recognized member of the Council for Higher Education Accreditation .
DANTES Affiliated Distance Learning Catalog School
Thank you for your interest in Kona University's online degree program. Our purpose is to assist you in advancing and aligning your personal interests with your career and educational aspirations with a program that meets your time and attendance needs.
We offer a Master's Degree Program in Transpersonal Psychology, an exceptional opportunity for students (Kona University Learners) looking to gain new knowledge and expertise in an up and coming field.   LEARN MORE »
Transpersonal Psychology
Master's Degree
The Master's in Transpersonal Psychology degree program is offered to students (Kona University Learners) whose focus is on learning as well as practice. This program is especially geared towards professionals in the healing arts. Transpersonal Psychology integrates both psychology and spirituality, an interdisciplinary approach. In addition, the field draws from philosophy, art, anthropology, history, and healing.
Transpersonal Psychology is a branch of psychology that is concerned with the study of those states and processes in which people experience a deeper or wider sense of who they are, or a sense of greater connectedness with others, nature, or the "spiritual" dimension. It is about the seen and the unseen, the conscious and the unconscious beliefs that guide people's everyday beliefs, motivations, and behaviors. Transpersonal Psychology is the study of the "whole" human being, mind, body, and spirit, combining insight from both Eastern and Western thinking.
REQUEST INFORMATION »
Career Pathways
Psychotherapy, hypnotherapy, health and wellness industry, healing arts, counseling, coaching, communications educator, training and presenting, working with agencies, non-profit organizations, and corporate and management areas for organizational development and change.
Not ready to enroll in the full Master's Degree Program?
Students (Learners) now have the opportunity to enroll in individual courses... Contact Admissions for more information.
800-800-MIND!
An Online Education at
Kona University
The philosophy of the university is to provide the educational framework for students (Kona University Learners) to gain the knowledge and understanding of transpersonal psychology necessary to function as practitioners in their chosen field of interest and to   overcome the limitations of the more traditional forms of education. Kona University provides not only an academic learning environment in the   true sense but also allows students (Kona University Learners) to look deep within themselves and to   achieve higher human potential.
We believe that the teaching/learning interaction is one of mutuality between the student (Kona University Learner) and the educator, and that the responsibility for the learning outcomes has to be shared. Kona University's role in this process is   to provide an opportunity for academic pursuits of intellectual growth and   development. Although learning on an intellectual level is of course extremely   important, our learning process cannot be complete without acknowledging the   importance of the physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual components that are   also parts of each and every one of us.
 
Learning Clinical Hypnotherapy
Hypnosis is a scientifically verified and effective technique that can promote accelerated human change. With Hypnosis, we can create desired changes in behavior and encourage mental and physical well-being.
Learn how to guide yourself and others in exploring the multiple ways that the Conscious and Unconscious Mind is used to create our experiences and our behaviors and how these influence the world we live in. Health care professionals, practicing therapists, and individuals seeking to make a positive change in their lives will find this information to be extremely valuable.
 
©2006-2011 Kona University | 75-6099 Kuakini Highway, Kailua-Kona, HI 96740
Toll free: 800-800-MIND
