Photo Credit
Ready for an Apartment near HPU?
Aloha! Hawaii Pacific University , home of the Sea Warriors, is the largest private school in the Central Pacific, with campuses in the beautiful Hawaiian cities of Honolulu and Kaneoke. HPU focuses on giving its students a traditional liberal arts education with certain pre-professional areas of study, such as nursing and business. People choose to attend HPU for its year-round warm weather, friendly locals, and breathtaking beach sceneries. You’ll be living and studying in a place that the rest of the world wish they could visit.
 
Off-Campus at Hawaii Pacific University
Not many students at HPU live on campus at all. A mere 3% of the undergraduate student body lives in some form of on-campus housing. What about the rest? Living it up on Waikiki beach, need I say more? In downtown Honolulu, you’ll find apartments in large towers by the beach, which offer everything from cozy studio spaces to complexes with three or more bedrooms, depending on how many roomies you want to shack up with.   Don’t limit your college experience to merely the classes that you’re taking and campus nightlife. Explore the surrounding city of Honolulu and Kaneoke by living in it! If this is a daunting task, feel free to read our guides . After all, they were written to help you in your search.
Paradise on Earth (and in School)
Waikiki Beach is a huge area attraction that is near Hawaii Pacific University. White sands, emerald water, and palm trees—Hawaii is paradise on Earth. Don’t let the warm and sunny weather distract you from your studies, however. Spend your free time reading at the beach, or couple your pina colladas with some debate practice! While downtown Honolulu is more of a business center, it tends to lack in nightlife activities. The Waikiki area is where most of students flock after hours and is only a short bus ride away from school.   Fun Fact: Sarah Palin attended a semester at HPU in 1982.
Average Apartment Rent in Honolulu
# Bedrooms
