Total No. of students
Course titles
Accounting   Area Studies, Other  Biology/Biological Sciences, General  Business & Personal Svcs. Markt. Ops., Other  Business Admin. & Management, General Business Administration/Management       Business, Mgmt., Mktg., & Related Support Services  Business/Managerial Economics Communications Studies/Speech Comm. & Rhetoric Communications, Journalism, and Related Fields  Computer Science  Criminal Justice/Safety Studies   Economics, General Engineering, Other  English Language and Literature, General  English Language and Literature/Letters, Other   Entrepreneurship  Environmental Science/Studies Finance, General  Management Information Systems, General  Marine Biology and Biological Oceanography  Marketing, Other   Military Technologies  Nursing-Registered Nurse Training (RN/ASN/BSN/MSN) Oceanography Political Science and Government, General Pre-Medicine/Pre-Medical Studies  Psychology, General   Public Administration Public Administration and Services, Other   Social Sciences, General Social Work  Teaching English as a Second or Foreign Language  Tourism and Travel Services Management
 
About Hawaii Pacific University
Hawaii Pacific University is a private, not-for-profit, coeducational, nonsectarian, career-oriented, postsecondary institution founded in 1965.
With  one of the largest populations of international students at any US university, Hawaii Pacific University (HPU) is the ideal place for students seeking to study in a multi-cultural environment, while obtaining an American degree. Currently over 2,100 international students from more than 100 countries attend HPU with many new countries being added to the list each semester. Location Strategically located in the center of the Pacific Rim, the region with the fastest growing economies in the world, HPU provides an American education in an international setting.
With two campuses linked by shuttle, Hawaii Pacific University combines the excitement of an urban downtown campus with the serenity of a residential campus set in the green foothills of O'ahu's Koolau mountains. The main campus is located in downtown Honolulu, the business and financial center of the Pacific. Eight miles away, situated on 135 acres in Kaneohe, the Hawaii Loa campus is the site of the School of Nursing, the Marine Science (Marine Biology and Oceanography) and Environmental Studies Programs, and several liberal arts programs. Students may take classes where it is most convenient.
 
Please fill in the information below and your request will be submitted to the university.
Title*
