Hawaii Pacific University Presidential Search
Hawai'i Pacific University
Hawai'i Pacific University Proudly Announces Its New President.
Dr. Geoffrey Bannister; Hawai'i Pacific University's
fourth president
I am very pleased to announce that Hawai'i Pacific University's Board of Trustees has named Dr. Geoffrey Bannister as HPU's next president, effective July 1, 2011. Dr. Bannister was selected from an impressive slate of finalists after an expansive national search. Dr. Bannister comes to HPU with extensive experience in higher education, having served as the 17th president of Butler University, Indianapolis, for 12 years. He previously was dean of Liberal Arts, and dean of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, at Boston University.
More recently, he has advocated for international education, serving as president of both the Study Abroad Foundation, and of Cultural Experiences Abroad, one of the largest study-abroad providers in the nation. He was founding president of the Forum on Education Abroad, an organization serving the field of study-abroad education.
He was born in the United Kingdom and reared in New Zealand, where he received his Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees in Geography from the University of Otago. He earned a Ph.D. in Geography from the University of Toronto in Canada, before coming to the U.S. to pursue his academic career. On July 4, 1989, he became a U.S. citizen.
Dr. Bannister is an economic geographer who has published extensively in the field of urban studies, regional development, demographic forecasting, and higher education. All are areas of expertise that will serve HPU well as we continue our campaign to redevelop the Hawai'i Loa campus and make strategic changes to our downtown operations.
I am very proud to have Geoff as my successor. To have a person of this caliber succeed my presidency validates all we have done to build our University. We have built this University on the foundation of education local, mainland and international students for global citizenship. Geoff's extensive experience in international education will serve us well as we continue to develop our global mission in the 21st century.
HPU Chairman of the Board, Chuck Sted led the Presidential Selection Committee. He was very pleased with the professional selection process and looks forward to supporting Dr. Bannister as our next president.
Many of you met Dr. Bannister during his campus visit in November. Our students, staff and faculty told the Selection Committee they were impressed by his vision for our University, and were appreciative of his viewpoints on potential areas for University growth. Dr. Bannister was also impressed by the friendly welcome he received from our HPU community.
Dr. Bannister plans to relocate to Hawai'i with his wife, Jerri Ross, this spring, and will be on campus to become acquainted with all of you throughout the final months of my presidency. Please help me extend a warm welcome and aloha to Hawai'i Pacific University's fourth president: Dr. Geoffrey Bannister.
