1164 Bishop Street, Suite 200
Honolulu, Hawaii 96813
Hawaii Pacific's annual Intercultural Day celebrates the fact that over 100 countries are represented on campus.
College Description
Hawaii Pacific University combines the best of two worlds, operating two campuses as one. Although only eight miles apart and connected by shuttle, both settings have distinctive qualities that appeal to students worldwide. The urban campus, located in downtown Honolulu, is in the hub of the business and financial capital of the Pacific, and it provides a fast paced, exciting environment. The windward campus hugs a lush hillside and offers 135 acres of quiet green countryside, with the beach and blue Pacific only 10 minutes away. Hawaii Pacific University, founded in 1965, is an independent, coeducational, comprehensive university, with approximately 8,500 undergraduate and graduate students from all 50 U.S. states and over 100 countries. The curriculum presents a wide mix of liberal arts studies and pre-professional programs where students from both the East and West share in a dynamic learning experience.
Academic Life
Rated as one of Barron's "Best Buys" among American colleges, Hawaii Pacific University is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and the National League for Nursing. The University offers over 50 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in the areas of business, liberal arts, and the sciences. The academic year operates on the semester system, featuring a five-week winter session and extensive summer sessions. HPU's curriculum focuses on the past, the present, and the future, and is designed to give students the knowledge, the tools, and the skills that will enable them to ask pertinent questions, solve problems, and make decisions. They take responsibility for projects, so their academic degree is enhanced by an understanding of real-world expectations. New students begin with a career seminar where they explore career options, survey interests and aptitudes, and develop career strategies suited to their individual goals. Career Planning and Placement Counselors know students long before they graduate, having been involved with their developing portfolios from the start. The Cooperative Education and Internship Programs offer students the option of paid work experience related to their fields of study.
Majors Offered:
accounting, advertising, anthropology, biology, business, business economics, communication, computer information systems, computer science, corporate communications, diplomacy/military studies, economics, engineering, entrepreneurial studies, environmental science, environmental studies, finance, global leadership, history, human resource development, human resource management, human resources management, human services, humanities, international business, international relations, international studies, journalism, justice administration, literature, management, marine biology, marketing, military studies, nursing, oceanography, organizational change, political science, pre-medical studies, psychology, public administration, public relations, social sciences, social work, sociology, teaching english as a second language, travel industry management
Campus Life
At Hawaii Pacific University, social and cocurricular activities are as diverse as the student population; they are multicultural, outdoor-oriented, and internationally flavored. New students are introduced to the University through a two-day New Student Orientation every fall, before classes begin. Their active involvement continues with the Club Carnival, which showcases HPU's numerous clubs, including honor societies, service and professional organizations, and an elected student government. Throughout the year there are many other social, cultural, and sporting events in which students may participate or simply spectate. There is something for everyone here at Hawaii Pacific University, and we encourage students to participate in these learning environments outside of the classroom.
Facilities and Resources
The downtown campus is housed in eight buildings in the center of Honolulu's business district, and the off-campus apartments are only minutes away. Hawaii Pacific's Meader Library provides a large collection of circulating books, special reference resources, periodicals, and newspapers from around the world. Meader also contains a tutoring center that provides free tutoring in all core subjects, a graduate reading room, and ample study space. Other areas that support classroom learning on the downtown campus are the Learning Assistance Center (LAC), the Computer Center, and the Communications Laboratory. The LAC features state-of-the-art technology, where students have access to the University's considerable audiovisual materials collection, the most up-to-date audiovisual equipment, multimedia computers, and a collection of over 450 multimedia CD-ROM titles and educational software programs. The expanded Computer Center has more than 125 IBM-compatible PC's and also houses a campus-based server for dial-in access to the Internet. The Communications Laboratory also possesses state-of-the-art technology and provides students with a production facility where they are able to utilize video cameras, editing bays, an audio booth, and various editing equipment. The Hawaii Loa campus academic life revolves around the Amos N. Starr and Juliette Montague Cooke Academic Center (AC). The AC accommodates faculty and staff offices, classrooms, an art gallery, science laboratories and the Atherton Learning Resources Center, which includes a library with extensive collections in the areas of Asian studies, marine and environmental science, and nursing, and the Boyd MacNaughton Pacific Resource Room that features the Hawaiiana and Pacific special collections. The Computer Lab and Learning Assistance Lab, like their counterparts downtown, provide computer and multimedia support for the Hawaii Loa classes. Residential life on this campus revolves around six residence halls, a dining commons, and a campus pub.
Athletics/Sports
HPU is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), Division II. We host 10 athletic programs for both men (including baseball, basketball, soccer, cross country, and tennis), and women (volleyball, softball, soccer, cross country, and tennis), all of which have been nationally recognized in recent years. Along with our varsity athletics, HPU has a national award-winning cheerleading squad, a dance team, and a pep band, the Soundwave. The Hawaii Loa campus includes the athletic facilities, including the softball diamond, the soccer field, the cross country course, and the basketball, volleyball, and tennis court, and is home to our intramural programs.
Financial Aid/ Scholarships
The University provides financial aid for qualified students through institutional, state, and federal programs: approximately 50 percent of the University's students receive financial aid. Among the forms of aid, available are Federal Perkins Loans, Federal Stafford Student Loans, Guaranteed Parental Loans, Federal Pell Grants, and Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants. To apply for aid students must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). The FAFSA may be submitted at any time, but the priority deadline is March 1. Scholarship opportunities are available for incoming freshman and transfer students based on academic, athletic, and extracurricular involvement.
Admission Requirements/ Application
Hawaii Pacific seeks students who are motivated and show academic promise, and recommends students follow a college preparatory sequence that includes four years of English, two years of math and social studies, and at least two years of history and science. The admissions office requires prospective students to complete and forward their admissions application and high school transcripts (transfer students should also submit college transcripts), and, while not required for admission purposes, ACT and/or SAT I scores are highly recommended. It is also recommended that students submit a one to two page essay in which they address issues they feel will be important to their admissions decision. First-time freshmen are expected to have a minimum GPA of 2.5 in college preparatory courses, while transfer students with 24 or more postsecondary credits are required to have a 2.0 or above. For students with less than 24 credits, a combination of college and high school GPA will be used. The marine science, environmental science and pre-medicine programs require a high school GPA of 3.0 or above in math and science courses, a 1000 or above on the SAT (or ACT equivalent), and three years of science, including biology, chemistry, and physics, as well as mathematics through precalculus (trigonometry). For these programs, transfer students are considered on an individual basis.
