Contact
Hawaii Pacific Islands Campus Compact
The Hawaii Pacific Campus Compact, a member of National Campus Compact, is an organization of college and university presidents in the state established to enhance the links between their respective colleges and universities and their local communities. The members of the compact are dedicated to enhancing students' sense of personal and social responsibility, citizenship and awareness of the unique communities and peoples of Hawaii, American Samoa and the Pacific basin, while reinvigorating higher educations concern for improving the quality of life in our society.
Hawaii Pacific Islands Campus Compact is a national coalition of college and university presidents committed to the civic purposes of higher education. To support this civic mission, Campus Compact promotes community service that develops students' citizenship skills and values, encourages collaborative partnerships between campuses and communities, and assists faculty who seek to integrate public and community engagement into their teaching and research.
Hawaii EcosySTEM
Hawaii Pacific Islands Campus Compact (HIPICC) has been awarded a Learn and Serve America grant for 2010-2013 through the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS). This is a three-year grant renewable upon successful completion of each year. Through the Oceanic EcosySTEM program, HIPICC is pleased to announce that funding is available for campus-based subgrants to support civic engagement and service learning programs in schools and communities in Hawaii, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas for 2010-2011. As long-term global trends in climate change, environmental degradation, human migration, and disease converge with sudden tectonics and tsunamis in the Pacific, the people of Hawaii, American Samoa, Guam, and Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas (CNMI) renew their centuries old commitments to sustaining and improving ecosystems and communities. Since 2004, Hawaii Pacific Islands Campus Compact (HIPICC) member colleges, with significant support from CNCS and the National Science Foundation (NSF), have been leading the development of STEM career and degree pathways in calculus, life sciences, physical sciences, engineering, technology, and health sciences. These colleges are developing STEM pathways to deepen student's understanding of environmental, energy, and health challenges, and science, engineering, and technology opportunities so they can redesign their communities and their futures.
Major Program Goals Include:
Strengthen service-learning pedagogies and partnerships resulting in student success and continued engagement in Calculus and STEM degrees.
Reduce the severity of environmental, energy, and health issues in the communities served by HIPICC's 10 community colleges and 5 universities.
Garner governmental, non-profit and private sector support to sustain and grow the Oceanic EcosySTEM initiative (30 new STEM partnerships/year).
Develop a Western Region Community College Consortium in synergy with the Community College National Center for Community Engagement (CCNCCE) to sustain and strengthen service-learning programs in STEM, Teacher Training, and indigenous American, Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander communities.
Primary Activities and Anticipated Outcomes:
Implement Calculus Readiness Summer Institutes on five islands per year (100 students  under prepared for College math served/year).
Develop faculty to integrate research based best practice service learning pedagogies and partnerships into STEM-leading and STEM degree courses at 15 campuses (30 faculty/year, 300 service learning students/year). Online social communications build faculty-student-partner communities.
Develop student leadership skills in Calculus Readiness (20/year), Environmental-Energy  Sustainability (18/year), and Health Promotion (18/year).
Support campus-community partnerships (50/year) to meet community needs, sustain and grow the Oceanic EcosysTEM initiative.
Integrate Oceanic EcosySTEM activities with five major National Science Foundation statewide, regional and national initiatives: Hawaii Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (EPSCoR); Tribal Colleges and Universities Program; Pre-engineering Education Collaborative; Louis Stokes Alliance for Minority Participation; Science Education for New Civic Engagements and Responsibilities.
Develop HIPICC-CCNCCE consortium through online social communications and existing venues (Statewide, Continuums of Service, CCNCCE Conferences).
Search Site
This website is made possible with funding from:
through a grant from:
Copyright © 2008 Hawaii Pacific Islands Campus Compact
2600 Campus Road | QLCSS 209 | Honolulu, HI 96822 | (808) 956-4641
