Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages
Travel Industry Management
Learn More
Get more information about Hawai'i Pacific University's undergraduate programs, and details about tuition and financial aid (for those who qualify) by completing this request form.
Bachelor's or Master's Degree From Hawai'i Pacific University
Accredited Graduate Degrees From Hawai'i Pacific University!
The graduate experience at Hawai'i Pacific University is a unique combination of integrated learning, small class sizes, practical orientation, excellent networking opportunities, and a focus on teaching.
Students do more than learn concepts, they implement the latest developments in their field of study. They learn from HPU professors with both academic and real world experience, helping them meet the challenges of a constantly changing environment.
Choose from 14 Graduate Programs Available
Master of Business Administration
Master of Science in Information Systems
Master of Science in Marine Science
Master of Science in Nursing
Master of Arts in Communication
Master of Arts in Diplomacy and Military Studies
Master of Arts in Human Resource Management
Master of Arts in Global Leadership and Sustainable Development
Master of Arts in Organizational Change
Master of Arts in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages
Master of Education in Elementary Education
Master of Education in Secondary Education
Master of Social Work
Master of Clinical Mental Health Counseling
Learn More
Get more information about Hawai'i Pacific University's graduate programs, and details about tuition and financial aid (for those who qualify) by completing this request form.
Hawai'i Pacific University Offers Degree Programs For Working Adults. Advance Your Career Today!
Hawai'i Pacific University Adult Services Center
Hawai'i Pacific University is focused on offering services to adult undergraduate students. While there is not a precise definition, we generally think of adults as having lifetime and work experience who are ready to return to education. Our academic policies, scheduling, and curriculum all support the return of adults to higher education after being away from the classroom for some time.
The Adult Services staff provides personal attention to the program planning and concerns of returning adults. Over the years, Hawai'i Pacific University has developed a number of services to meet the needs of adult students.
Learn More
If you are ready to take the next step, get more information about Hawai'i Pacific University's adult undergraduate programs, and details about tuition and financial aid (for those who qualify), please complete this request form.
HPU's adult students are sought by top Hawaii employers including:
Bank of Hawaii
Booz Allen Hamilton City Bank
Finance Factors Ltd.
