Sweden
1/6/2012 80 Check-ins Here
It might seem strange that a person who is now doing her graduate-studies at HPU directly after completing her undergraduate degree will only give the school A-OK as a rating.
The fact is I don't have anything against the school, but there are so many things that could be changed .. lets say .. in the management.  
I've been in a dispute with the business office plenty of times, luckily the problems have always been solved but I shouldn't have to work my own ass of to get things done. The academic advising worked for me. In fact, I didn't use them at all. I went during my second semester as an undergraduate, asked for a degree plan, got it and then stuck with it. I didn't do any changes to my degree plan because I know that is what screwed most people up. That they were constantly changing the degree plan.
The last time I went to academic advising was right before I was about to graduate, and I didn't have any problems whatsoever with the advisor, she in fact proved to be very nice and helpful.
I never had a problem getting the classes I wanted, but that depends on when you can sign up and how you plan your schedule. I was smart and used my own brains to plan my four years in college and that was probably why I was able to graduate.
I think that it's harder for me to find classes now but that is because it is a small program and only a few classes are being offered every semester.
One thing that I love about HPU are the small classes. All through my four years as an undergrad, I found that I never had more than 20 people in my classes. I love to get that connection with the professors that they know who you are, you're not just a name on a piece of paper.
I also admire most of the professors because they teach what they are passionate about. Most of them are people that I for sure will try to stay in contact with.
This school would get five stars from me if it got it's upper management together, hopefully with our new president, we can see some change.
(005/365)
