Major Salary, Salary Trend, Satisfaction, Unemployment
Super Brilliant
When I applied to HPU I worked some part time jobs, took a full load and wanted high grades (to pursue a DBA/PHD) later. After graduating I worked in several Silicon Valley  (San Jose) and now involved in a lot of International Business in the Asia Pacific region. I have friends that have graduated from HPU's MBA and MSIS and most of us share the same opinion about our experience at HPU.
HPU is an EXCELLENT school for "working adults"--quite possibly one of the best. HPU also has a strong reputation with the local Honolulu working community, so much so that it has just opened an Entrepreneurial Center connecting students with employers. Employers like this school and its graduates.
HPU was exactly what I was searching for, after working in Europe for 4 years I decided to come to a location that was very cosmopolitan with a peaceful environment yet allowing me to focus on my career goals. Their programs are very flexible(in terms of schedule, unit load, etc.) You can enroll in evening, weekend, online and day classes. Most full-time workers who attend HPU go part-time. HPU is located in a highly central, very convenient location. And its curriculums are very well designed. At the graduate and undergrad programs you can be assured your degree will be focused in areas that will be of direct, measurable benefit to your profession.
HPU is not a school for everyone and if you expect to have an identical experience with a big state or private school, you will be disappointed. There is no greek life, big bands, big sports etc. This school is not for everyone. It may not seem as challenging as most seem to expect, however, the pass rate for CPA exams are high and those continuing their education to top ranked schools is also very high. The student body is filled with a lot of motivated, ambitious and certainly bright people.
HPU student body is very international so even though internationals may not seem vocal in class most come from well ranked schools in their own respective countries. They choose HPU because of its proximity to Asia Pacific, relatively low cost (nearly all are 100% self funding) and Safety. If you want to connect with  a lot of alumni from Asia Pacific, including China-consider HPU!
The quality of instructors is very high. Many of the professors at HPU have degrees from top-rated universities all over the country: Harvard, Stanford, Georgetown, UC Berkeley, Wharton etc. There are NO teaching assistants and many of the professors get the students directly involved in class. HPU professors are one of the best kept secrets in Hawaii, most have had mainland/international working experience and have decided to go into quasi retirement and teach. Most of the classes can be quite challenging but it really all depends on your class group. If you are in one with a lot of working experience-like I was, the discussions can be pretty interesting and heated.
HPU downtown campus is not a place for social life. Like most urban small city universities, HPU at night is dead so you will have to find your own "cliques" and buddies to chill out in Waikiki or locals to take you to their homes during the weekends.
However, the are more clubs and organizations at HPU now. There are many professional, outdoorsy and cultural clubs now but I never really joined them as I knew I basically enjoyed the outdoor green/breach Life -especially coming from cold, grey Europe.  The Students Life organization encourages new clubs and holds annual events. The Cheerleading group is No.1 in the US.
Most HPU professors, I would say, tend to be "conservative liberals" consequently they are more open-minded and willing to accept countering points of view. Generally, they seem fair in their grading and even when I was taking undergraduate prerequisites I felt that they were never judgmental about my opinions. This is one of HPU's greatest assets, it fosters open-mindedness which is something you do not find in many state schools or even big private schools.
Living in Hawaii is expensive as non of the housing is subsidized. Gas is costly and so is food but then again if everything was the same price Hawaii would end up like another urban city in the North West. Rent a condo with some classmates and enjoy the islands and the unique settings of Hawaii- if you don't like islands, ocean, many minorities/internationals and a small school feel-then HPU probably isn't for you. However, if you want a good education and like to explore the world and people without leaving home than HPU is perfect!
Education Quality: A+, Social Life: B-
