More About U.S. News Rankings
Summary
Hawaii Pacific University is a private institution that was founded in     1965.           It           has a total undergraduate enrollment of 7,058     and its setting is urban.           It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.           Hawaii Pacific University's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges     is Regional Universities (West),            87.                Its tuition and fees are $16,610 (2011-12).
School mission and unique qualities (as provided by the school):
Hawaii Pacific University is an international learning community set in the rich cultural context of Hawaii.  Students from around the world join us for an American education built on a liberal arts foundation.  Our innovative undergraduate and graduate programs anticipate the changing needs of the community and prepare our graduates to live, work, and learn as active members of a global society.
An independent, coeducational, comprehensive university with a foundation in the liberal arts, Hawaii Pacific University offers degrees in the Bachelor of Arts and the Bachelor of Science as well as the Bachelor of Social Work. Graduate degrees are offered in the Arts, Business Administration, Secondary Education, the Sciences, and Social Work. Through the Military Campus Program, HPU also offers Associates degrees.
Hawai'i Pacific University's campuses are located on the island of Oahu. The main campus is in the heart of Honolulu's downtown business and financial district, within the center of the state's capital district. Students have ample opportunities to make the transition from student to worker in the various business offices, not-for-profit organizations, government agencies, financial institutions, and accounting firms and law firms in the area. Many of the University's faculty are practitioners at the top of their professions who bring contemporary, real-life experiences into the classroom.
The Hawai'i Loa campus of Hawai'i Pacific University is located on the windward side of the island of Oahu and offers students an idyllic campus setting with rolling hills and lush greenery. The campus dormitories, dining commons, library, bookstore, science labs, and recreational facilities provide students with a wide range of amenities. Various shopping malls, restaurants, beaches, and historic and scenic sites also are within reasonable distance and accessible by Honolulu's public transportation system.
Hawai'i Pacific University's third campus at Makapu'u Point is home to the university's marine laboratory facility. The Oceanic Institute, is a leading global center for research and education in the marine, environmental, and life sciences, serving Hawai'i, the nation, and the world.
Hawaii Pacific University has a diverse student body that is composed of students from every state in the U.S. as well as more than 100 countries from around the world. Enrollment in the graduate programs exceeded 1,300 in Fall 2008.
General Information
