 
Study at Hawaii         Pacific University
The mere mention of Hawaii conjures up   visions of swaying palm trees, sun-warmed beaches, and breathtaking sunsets.   Situated in the center of the Pacific and convenient to the countries of the   Pacific Rim, the Hawaiian Islands have pleasant weather year round. The   average temperature is 27°C, and Oahu has more than 300 days of sunshine per   year. The climate is perfect for spending time outdoors and participating in   sports activities. The air is some of the cleanest in the world, and the water   is noted for its purity. Overall, Hawaii is one of the most beautiful places   to live on earth!
Degrees: Choice of more than 40   undergraduate and graduate majors including Business Administration,   Communication, Computer Science, Environmental Studies, Marine Biology,   Marketing, Management, Nursing, Oceanography, Pre-Medical Studies, Teaching   English as a Second Language, Travel Industry Management, and many more.
The University: HPU is a private, non-for-profit, coeducational,   nonsectarian, career-oriented institution founded in 1965. The University has   approximately 7,300 undergraduate and 1,200 graduate students from more than   100 countries.
Location: Located in one of the   most beautiful, tropical destinations in the world, Hawaii Pacific University   offers two campuses. The PEP and EFP courses are offered at the Honolulu   campus; however, students may have the opportunity to take classes on the   beautiful windward campus. The dynamic downtown campus is linked to the more   serene windward campus by free University shuttle service.
Accreditation and Recognition: Hawaii Pacific University is fully   accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and the   National League for Nursing (NLN). In addition, HPU has been recognized in the   past few years as a "Best Buy" by Barron's magazine, as well as   other noteworthy publications, for providing excellent education at an   affordable price.
Faculty and Class Size: More than 225 full-time and nearly 220   part-time faculty members make up the teaching staff at Hawaii Pacific.   Seventy-seven percent hold the doctoral degree or its equivalent.   Student-to-faculty ratio is 16:1. The average class is 22 in the credit   programs, 18 in EFP, and 15 in PEP.
Hawaii Pacific University does not discriminate on the basis of race,   colour, national or ethnic origin, sex, religion, disability, age, or any   other protected class under state and federal laws and regulations in any of   its policies, procedures, programs, or practices.
Hawaii Pacific University
