4,343
Originally Posted by mercsd
Everything that Rich Douglas says is 100% accurate.  Back in 1995, Stephen Forte (son of the PWU president) hired me to create 2 web sites for them.  One each for Pacific Western University Hawaii (close by the state of Hawaii in May 2006 for years of non- compliance ) and Pacific Western University California.  I stopped doing business with them shortly there after as I didn't like the way that they do business (defrauding their customers/students).
While in Westwood, they had no campus.  Just an office that was shared by Stephen Forte's shady cellular rental business.  You now, the kind that charges you $2-4/min domestically, and $10/min for international.  Anywho, I was checking to see where they stood today and was appalled to learn that they moved down here to San Diego.  The California Department of Education is now investigating them under their new name, California Miramar University.
There should be an old thread on PWU. IIRC, it said that PWU (California) in 2006 was sold to a chiropractor from either Texas or Florida. (I forget which.) He then changed the name to California Miramar University after toying with the idea of using the name California University. He changed that plan after the University of California system threatened to sue. I have looked at their campus from Miramar Road while I drove by. It is very near the 15 freeway. To be fair, I don't think that it is as slimy now as when PWU (Hawaii) was around. Not that it means much unless they are approved, but, they did apply for DETC accreditation.
New England College
New England College
New England College offers the following online degrees: Bachelor’s Degree in Healthcare Administration; and Master’s Degree in Public Policy, Accounting, and Management (Banking/Financial Mgmt, Healthcare Administration, Marketing Mgmt, Nonprofit Leadership, Operations Mgmt, Project Mgmt, Real Estate Mgmt, and Strategic Leadership.
New England College of Business offers online Associate’s Degrees in Business Administration, Bachelor’s Degrees in Business Administration, and Master’s Degrees in Business Ethics & Compliance, and Finance.
The school is regionally accredited, the most widely recognized accreditation.
