Hawai`i Pacific University is the largest private postsecondary institution in the state of
Hawai`i
. The University is coeducational, with a faculty of more than 300 members, a student-faculty ratio of 18:1, and an average class size of 24. A wide range of counseling and other student support services are available. There are more than ninety student organizations on campus, including the Graduate Student Organization.
University enrollment currently stands at nearly 9,000, including more than 1,200 graduate students. All fifty states and more than 100 countries are represented.
The Community
The University has three campuses linked by shuttle. Hawai‘i Pacific combines the excitement of an urban, downtown campus with the serenity of the windward side of the island. The main campus is located in downtown
Honolulu
, the business and financial center of the Pacific. Only 8 miles away is the Hawai‘i Loa campus, situated in
Kaneohe
at the base of the Ko‘
olau
; it is the site of the
School
of
Nursing
, the marine science program, and a variety of other course offerings. The third campus, Oceanic Institute, is an applied aquaculture research facility located on a 56-acre site at Makapu‘u Point on the windward coast.
Programs of study and degree requirements
Hawai`i Pacific University, an established institution with leading programs in business administration, information systems, and management, offers a comprehensive Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) degree program. This program is noted for several distinctive features. First, it is pragmatic, emphasizing real-world applications, case studies, and specific skills and competencies needed in contemporary business. Second, most courses include both an entrepreneurial and an international perspective. Third, computer applications are integrated into many of the M.B.A. courses. Fourth, interpersonal and communication skills are stressed throughout the curriculum. Fifth, as a major partner in the downtown business community, Hawai`i Pacific University coordinates a large internship program that provides part-time and full-time managerial, technical, and professional positions in leading business firms. Through this internship program, M.B.A. candidates have the opportunity to supplement their income while earning academic credit.
The M.B.A. program at Hawai`i Pacific University requires 45 semester hours of graduate work. Prerequisite courses in business subjects may be required. The curriculum is organized into nine core courses (27 semester hours), four elective courses tailored to the student's individual needs (12 semester hours), and a capstone sequence including a policy and strategy formulation course and professional paper (6 semester hours). Students may concentrate in any one of several business areas, including accounting, corporate communication, e-business, economics, finance, human resource management, information systems, international business, management, marketing, and travel industry management.
The University also offers an M.A. in global leadership and sustainable development, which is designed for the exceptional student whose background, education, and worldview have inspired an interest in assuming leadership positions in the global community. In addition, the M.A. in organizational change examines the models and strategies for leading change, continuous improvement, and performance management. Courses include organizational change and development, national and community change and development, culture and human organization, and organizational behavior.
Facilities & Resources
To support graduate studies, University libraries, with a collection exceeding 153,000 volumes, add an average of 2,500 volumes annually, 15 percent of which are on business topics. A pamphlet and map collection exceeding 10,000 items, along with a significant number of business reference books are available, including national and international business directories, investment and financial services, accounting and tax information sources, and a collection of annual reports. Periodical titles number more than 1,700, and 205,000 pieces of microfiche and 5,300 rolls of microfilm are maintained. Dial-up access to local area databases of public and state university library catalogs, legislative information, and business-oriented statistical data is available in the library. More than 500 CD-ROM titles and educational software programs in every subject including other in-house, business-related, and commercially vendored databases support specialized information needs. The University's accessible on-campus computer center houses more than 100 IBM-compatible microcomputers with stand-alone and networked configurations that support the graduate programs’ integrated computer applications approach.
Expenses and Aid
For the 2007-08 academic year, graduate tuition is $560 per credit. Including tuition, books, housing, food, health insurance, and miscellaneous expenses, the cost of living for a typical single student for two semesters (nine months) is approximately $25,840.
Housing
The University has on-campus residence halls, off-campus housing for graduate students and an apartment referral service.
Financial Aid
The University participates in all federal financial aid programs designated for graduate students. These programs provide aid in the form of subsidized (need-based) and unsubsidized (non-need-based) Federal Stafford Student Loans. Through these loans, funds may be available to cover the student's entire cost of education. To apply for aid, students must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) after January 1. Mailing of student award letters usually begins in April.
How to Apply / Application
Hawai`i Pacific University seeks students with academic promise, outstanding career potential, and high motivation. Applicants should complete and forward a graduate admissions application form, a $50 (U.S.) nonrefundable application fee, have official transcripts sent from all colleges or universities previously attended, have two letters of recommendation forwarded, and submit GMAT results (M.B.A. applicants). International applicants should submit results of the TOEFL. Admissions decisions are made on a rolling basis, and applicants are notified between one and two weeks after all documents have been submitted. Applicants to Hawai`i Pacific University's graduate program are encouraged to submit applications online.
Who to contact
