This college currently has no images associated with it.
This college currently has no documents associated with it.
Will I get in to Hawaii Pacific University?
“What are my chances?” Calculator
The chart below shows your chances of admission to this school, based on the information in your profile.
Chances Unknown.
Create a free profile so you can see your chances at Hawaii Pacific University and thousands of other top colleges.
Start Your Free Profile
How We Get These Numbers
We use over 200 data points about you and your target college. Our unique algorithm takes many factors into account, including your grades and test scores, the academic rigor of your high school curriculum,  your extracurricular activities, personal details, and just about everything else in your profile. We also consider numerous factors about the college, including the grades and scores of students who have been  admitted in the past, the school's selectivity, the gender and ethnic makeup of the school, and others. We use data from multiple government and private sources, plus information provided by the schools  themselves.
Don't ignore the width of the orange bar! For best results, make sure you fill out your Cappex profile accurately and completely. A very wide orange bar means that we don't have enough information to give you  an accurate rating. (Make sure your entire profile is filled out, especially your test scores and GPA.) A very narrow orange bar means that the calculator has enough information, and our estimate of your  chances of getting in is extremely reliable for the vast majority of cases. Of course there are always exceptions - the odds are never 100%, and we don't guarantee you will get into any college. You might look  good on paper but be a jerk in real life! As well, your individual circumstances and qualifications may qualify you for admission in situations where someone of comparable standing will be rejected.
Use the Cappex calculator like you would any other source - as a tool to help you plan and prioritize your college search. College is an important decision, and you'd be nuts to rely solely on what a computer says.  Always get advice from high school counselors, admissions representatives, parents and others in your college search - people who know you better than any computer can.
Close
You may still not get in!
Even though your chances look good you may still get rejected from this college. Please keep the following in mind:
The program for which you're applying may require a tryout, audition or portfolio review during the admissions decision. If your tryout, audition or portfolio doesn't impress them you might get rejected.
Your intended area of study may be extremely competitive for this college. Even top students get rejected from colleges when lots of students are applying to a specific major.
Some highly selective colleges take a very holistic approach to admissions and you may not be the type of student they want to attract even if your grades and test scores are top notch.
Your application is incomplete or doesn't effectively communicate your qualifications. Everything from poorly written essays to sketchy recommendations can hurt your chances.
Some schools impose additional minimum entrance requirements, which are not considered by the calculator. For example: In addition to composite test scores, some schools impose mandatory minimums on sub scores as well. Although the calculator does consider sub scores in its analysis, it does not consider any mandatory minimums that might exist. Check the college's website for more details.
Economic factors during the 2008/2009 admissions season may have an impact. Many state-funded and other more-affordable schools are reporting a sharp increase in the number of applicants,  which may result in rejections for some students who would have been easily admitted in past years. The calculator does not consider these economic factors.
Bottom line, no calculator can tell you definitively whether you'll get in - you'll only know if you actually apply. Always talk to others such as high school counselors, parents and admissions representatives before deciding  whether to apply to a certain college.
Close
You may still get in!
Even if your chances look slim, don't give up hope! There are a number of factors that can work in your favor:
The program for which you're applying may require a tryout, audition or portfolio review during the admissions decision. Good performance here can really make the difference.
You may be a member of an underrepresented group that the college is trying to attract that may have a different academic standard for admission. Many colleges go out of their way to increase diversity; if you add to the  diversity on their campus they may reach out to you. For example, this college may be looking for students who can increase ethnic, geographic or academic diversity.
If you've done something truly remarkable that makes you stand out above the rest. Schools look beyond academics every day for students who stand out from their peers.
If this college is "test optional" they may not take your test scores into consideration. The "What Are My Chances?" Calculator™ does take your test scores into consideration. So, if your test scores are bad, it may  have given you a lower chance.
If one or both of your parents went to that school. Colleges sometimes give preference to so-called "legacy" students.
Bottom line, no calculator can tell you definitively whether you'll get in - you'll only know if you actually apply. Always talk to others such as high school counselors, parents and admissions representatives before deciding  whether to apply to a certain college.
Who's getting in to Hawaii Pacific University?
The chart provides up-to-the-moment Hawaii Pacific University admission statistics from students who applied this year.
Want to learn your individual chances of getting into Hawaii Pacific University?
The average verbal SAT score of students admitted to Hawaii Pacific University falls between 440 and 570, and the average math SAT score is between 450 and 580. The average ACT score of admitted Hawaii Pacific University students is between 19 and 26.
In addition to average SAT and ACT scores, our free "What are my Chances" tool uses the average GPA for Hawaii Pacific University plus dozens of other factors to estimate your chances of getting into Hawaii Pacific University. Get your free report today!
