Hawaii Pacific University is a medium four-year, private not-for-profit school with 8,085 students enrolled. This school was originated in 1965 and is one of the 15 schools and colleges located in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Academic Offerings
Offered
71
At Hawaii Pacific University you can earn your several-month certificate, associate's degree, bachelor's degree, postbaccalaureate certificate, master's degree, or postmaster certificate.
Hawaii Pacific University implements a semester-based curriculum calendar system and lets you to select from 71 majors. The most popular concentrations are Business, Management, Nursing, Communication and Journalism, and Accounting and Finance. Read the details about all majors offered at this college.
It is worthwhile to know student retention and graduation rates before you apply to a school to get your diploma or to engage in a long-term study; high retention and graduation rates are usually a positive sign. Nevertheless, if you are planning to transfer or take non-credit coursework, these metrics are not important.
Student Retention
66%
Hawaii Pacific University student retention rate is relatively low at 66% (close to Hawaii average). Taking this statistic into consideration, it seems that students like their stay at this school.
The graduation rate at Hawaii Pacific University is low: 39%.
Student to faculty ratio at Hawaii Pacific University is decent -- 16:1. Read more about instruction at this college in the Faculty Info report.
Tuition and Loans
Tuition and fees per year
$15,000
Average tuition cost is slightly high - about $14,900 a year. The additional fees at Hawaii Pacific University (not included in tuition costs) are around $100; which makes it a total of $15,000 a year.
Read the details about Hawaii Pacific University additional charges as well as availability of loans and likelyhood of repayning them upon graduation in the tuition and loans report for this college.
Admissions Information
Rate
82%
The school will accept dual credits, credits for life experience (learned through independent study, noncredit adult courses, work experience, portfolio demonstration, previous licensure or certification, or completion of other learning opportunities), and advanced placement credits (college-level courses taught in high school) at entry.
As reported in recent data, 2,871 applications were submitted and 2,350 were accepted (82%); so it is easy to get admitted at this school.
Dual Credits
Accepted
Yes
The undergraduate application fee at Hawaii Pacific University is $50.00. The graduate application fee is $50.00.
To obtain the most accurate and up-to-date information about applying to Hawaii Pacific University and a program that best suits your goals and budget, call this school's general information office at (808) 544-0200 or check Hawaii Pacific University Website .
Opportunities and Services
Grade
A-
Hawaii Pacific University provides a distance learning option, study abroad programs, and evening/weekend study opportunity, which is a solid option for those who work full-time.
There are options for on-campus part-time employment at Hawaii Pacific University, which allows students to cover some of the tuition expenses. Additionally, this school helps students to evaluate their career options and to find a full-time job upon graduation.
ROTC
Available
Yes
Hawaii Pacific University provides on-campus housing. Dormitory capacity at this college accommodates about 300 students, which provides a viable on-campus housing opportunity.
Army and Air Force ROTC programs are available at Hawaii Pacific University. Reserve Officers' Training Corps commissioning programs typically imply elective classes in addition to required college curriculum, possible funding for your tuition, and an obligation to serve upon graduation.
It is important to keep in mind that enrolling in a ROTC course does not commit you to serve unless you have received a ROTC scholarship, grant, or any other funding.
Based on the college crime data, Hawaii Pacific University seems to be a safe school. Read the details in the Campus Crime Report for this college.
Hawaii Pacific University Location and Maps
Post Address: Hawaii Pacific University, 1164 Bishop St., Suite 216, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813, USA
Location Map - Street View:
