accreditation
The Doctor of Architecture degree program is accredited by the National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB).
In the United States, most state registration boards require a degree from an accredited professional degree program as a prerequisite for licensure. The National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB), which is the sole agency authorized to accredit U.S. professional degree programs in architecture, recognizes three types of degrees: the Bachelor of Architecture, the Master of Architecture, and the Doctor of Architecture. A program may be granted a 6-year, 3-year, or 2-year term of accreditation, depending on the extent of its conformance with established educational standards.
Doctor of Architecture and Master of Architecture degree programs may consist of a pre-professional undergraduate degree and a professional graduate degree that, when earned sequentially, constitute an accredited professional education. However, the preprofessional degree is not, by itself, recognized as an accredited degree.
University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa, School of Architecture, offers the following NAAB-accredited degree program:
D. Arch. (126 undergraduate credits + 90 graduate credits)
Next accreditation visit: 2012
06.admission
admission
archawai‘i offers a single degree, the Doctor of Architecture (D.Arch.). Applications for admission are received from students that have completed high school, transfer students who have completed some college level work, and from students who have completed Baccalaureate or advanced degrees in pre-architecture or other fields.
All applicants for admission to archawai‘i must complete a University of Hawai‘i system application form by the stated deadline for the semester in which initial enrollment is sought. For information on the application process, see http://manoa.hawaii.edu/admissions/ .
Acceptance to the University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa & archawai‘i is based on various criteria, including previous academic performance, coursework previously completed & the quality of prior experiences.
Applicants planning architecture as a career are encouraged to take at the high school or post-secondary level: four years of English and mathematics, plus art, physics, freehand and mechanical drawing, computer aided design, public speaking, information and computer science, history, geography, and at least two years of a foreign language.
APPLICATION PROCEDURES ||
A. All applicants for admission must complete a University of Hawai‘i System Application using the following steps:
1. Download the University application form at http://www.hawaii.edu/admrec/ or apply online HERE .  All applicants apply on the undergraduate web page using the "DArch" pull down menu.
2. Complete all required information on the form and complete the application process according to the directions from the University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa Office of Admissions and Records.
B. Transfer students and Applicants holding a Baccalaureate degree or higher must also complete (in addition to Part A above) a School of Architecture Supplemental Information for Admission form and submit the required documents by the stated deadline using the following steps:
1. Applicants whose applications have been received by the University Office of Admissions and Records will receive the School of Architecture Supplemental Information for Admission form by mail. The form is also available for download HERE .
2. Complete all fields on the School of Architecture Supplemental Information for Admission form, attach the required documents noted on the form, sign the form & mail all materials to the School at the address shown on the form by October 15 for spring applications and May 15 for fall applications.
APPLICATION INTERVIEWS || The University Office of Admissions and Records will grant interviews upon request. The School does not require, nor does it grant, personal interviews as part of the admissions process.
APPLICATION DEADLINE || Fall priority deadline is January 1 and final deadline is May 1. Spring priority deadline is September 1 and final deadline is October 1. International students must apply by the priority deadlines to allow time for visa processing.
All required application materials listed above must be received UHM by the above listed deadlines. Incomplete and/or late applications will not receive consideration. Applicants should advise the School and the University Office of Admissions and Records immediately of any changes of address. The School assumes no responsibility for missed deadlines resulting from a failure to notify UHM and the School of a change of address.
The archawai‘i Admissions Committee begins reviewing completed applications in the order in which they are received from the UHM Admissions office. Early application is therefore advisable. Most applicants will receive final notification beginning six weeks after the deadlines listed above.
DEFERRED ADMISSION || The School and the University do not grant deferred admission. Applicants wishing to defer admission must reapply to the University and the School.
OWNERSHIP OF APPLICATION MATERIALS || Supplemental documents submitted by applicants become the property of the School and will be retained for students accepted into the program after the admissions decisions to the School of Architecture have been made.
ADVISING || Informal academic advising may be requested by prospective students by contacting the archawai‘i Student Services Office. Students who have been accepted to the School should contact the Student Services Office for information regarding orientation, registration & mandatory advising.
policies
1. INTRODUCTION
Policies of the University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa (hereinafter "UHM") & School of Architecture (hereinafter "SoA") Policies apply to all students of the SoA. Where SoA Policies differ from those of UHM, the more restrictive policies shall prevail. All SoA students are expected to read and abide by all SoA and UHM policies. The SoA Policies are subject to change; students will be notified of such changes by a revision on the School website.
2. USE OF FACILITIES
2.1 PROFESSIONAL FEE || Architecture students will be assessed a Professional Fee of $500.00 per student per semester (each summer, fall, and spring semester) for the academic year.
2.2 FOOD AND DRINK || Consumption of food and drinks is not allowed in any SoA classroom, the Digital Fabrication Services facility, Reading Room, and Shop except in studio classrooms in a designated area.
2.3 SMOKING || The SoA follows the current UHM Policy and Procedures.
2.4 ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES || The SoA follows the current UHM Policy and Procedures.
2.5 NOISE || Noise must be kept to a minimum within the SoA. Boisterous activity, construction work, phone use in classrooms, music or other noisy activities are strictly prohibited at all times. Electronic devices should be used with personal earphones. Construction using any hand tool or any power tool is to be confined to the Shop or the loading dock area only.
2.6 ANIMALS || Animals, pets, etc. are not permitted in any location within the SoA (except for guide dogs).
2.7 ENERGY CONSERVATION || Lights should be on only in occupied classrooms and studio bays. Windows must be closed when the air conditioning is on. Air conditioning is scheduled to be turned on during peak hours only.
2.8 BUILDING MODIFICATION || SoA building assemblies may not be altered or modified in any way without permission from the SoA Administration.
2.9 STUDIOS ||
2.9.1 ACCESS AND PRIVILEGE | SoA classrooms designated for Studio use are accessible 24-hours/7-days a week. Students are expected to conduct themselves responsibly. The SoA reserves the right to change the policy regarding studio accessibility at any time.
2.9.2 FURNITURE | Depending on the availability of furniture and student enrollment, the SoA will provide each student enrolled in an upper level studio with a minimum of one chair and one desk. SoA furniture may be rearranged only with approval of the studio Instructor, and may not be removed from the studio. Students may supplement what is provided by the SoA with their own furniture provided there is space available and Instructor and SoA Administration consent has been obtained. Personal furnishings are subject to the SoA cleanup policy at the end of each semester.
2.9.3 HANGING DRAWINGS | Drawings may be attached only on the demising partitions and the bulletin board surfaces of the studio, with push pins or staples.
2.9.4 MALFUNCTIONS | Any malfunction of lights, air conditioning, exit doors, hardware, plumbing, etc. should be reported immediately to the SoA Administration.
2.9.5 CLEAN UP | a. Each student is responsible to vacate all studio and other SoA spaces and remove all personal belongings no later than the first Sunday following the end of final exam week each semester. Classrooms may only be used by students during the instructional period each semester; each studio classroom may only be used by students currently enrolled in the studio section designated for the classroom. Continuing Doctorate Project students will be permitted to use studio space between instructional periods. | b. SoA staff will inspect the studios after the Sunday following final exam week. The SoA reserves the right to withhold student grades & assess a fee for clean up or removal. | c. Any personal belongings left in classrooms or SoA common areas later than the first Sunday following final exam week will be disposed of without notice.
2.10 DIGITAL FABRICATION SERVICES (DFS) (RM. 207)   ||
2.10.1 AVAILABILITY | A limited number of computers are available for use by SoA students under the supervision of the DFS staff for short duration use for scanning and sending files for printing.
2.10.2 HOURS OF OPERATION | Hours are posted hours on the DFS door. The DFS is closed during scheduled UHM holidays and weekends.
2.10.3 COSTS | Students are charged nominal fees for use of DFS equipment that may include the following: printer, plotter, large format scanner, laser cutter, and 3D printer. Price lists are available in the DFS.
2.10.4 PRINTING, SCANNING, AND DIGITAL FABRICATION EQUIPMENT | Consult with DFS staff for printer and plotter access and procedures.
2.10.5 MALFUNCTIONS | Students should report any equipment malfunctions to the DFS staff immediately.
2.11 FABRICATION WORKSHOP (RM. 104)   ||
2.11.1 OBJECTIVES | a. To provide hands-on experience in the use of materials and construction methods in order to develop an understanding of their impact on design and ability to make objects. | b. To provide appropriate knowledge of equipment and facilities in an orderly and safe environment for the above purposes.
2.11.2 AVAILABILITY AND USAGE | The Fabrication Workshop and equipment are available for use by students that have had an orientation, have signed a Fabrication Workshop Risk and Release Agreement, and only when working under the supervision of the authorized staff or certified faculty. The Fabrication Workshop is to be used for coursework only.
2.11.3 HOURS OF OPERATION | Hours are subject to adjustments for class time and special projects. Consult the posted hours on the Fabrication Workshop door.
2.11.4 POLICIES | a. All users of the Fabrication Workshop are required to attend a shop orientation session prior to using Fabrication Workshop. | b. The personal safety of each and every individual at the SoA is of primary importance. Safety rules regarding each piece of equipment must be strictly observed and adhered to at all times. | c. At the end of each operation on a machine the user must clean-up each operation/work area. | d. All unused materials must be removed from the Shop. | Additional policies are available from the Fabrication Workshop. All users are required to read and comply to these written policies.
2.12 JOHN AND MARIA LYNN READING ROOM (Rm. 301P)   ||
2.12.1 AVAILABILITY AND USAGE | Students wishing access to the Reading Room should make a request to the Student Services office.
2.12.1 REGULATIONS | a. Publications may be checked out for one week, through Student Services. | b. The room is to be left in the same order as when entered.
3. SAFETY
3.1 FIRST AID || First-Aid Kits are placed in each studio and the SoA Office, and are to be used only in the case of an emergency.
3.2 ELECTRICAL USE || Use of extension cords that cross pedestrian ways and multiple appliance connections are prohibited.
3.3 TOXIC SUBSTANCES || Spray paint, spray adhesive, and any other toxic substance may only be used in the service driveway area outside the Shop on the ground floor. No use is allowed in the hallways or studios. The SoA follows the current UHM Policy and Procedures regarding the disposal of toxic substances.
3.4 WHEELED VEHICLES || Wheeled vehicles, such as motorcycles, mopeds, skateboards, and bicycles are not allowed in any area within the SoA. Exceptions include: (a) wheelchairs, (b) bicycles to be stored in the bicycle rack on the second floor, (c) compact wheeled vehicles (e.g., skateboards or push scooters) carried and stored away from circulation areas. Vehicles not in compliance with this policy will be ticketed and removed by Security.
3.5 POWER TOOLS || No hand power tools may be operated in the studios, classrooms or corridors. All power tools must be used in or outside Room 104.
4. SECURITY
4.1 CLASSROOM SECURITY || Security of the Student Lounge (Rm. 307), and all studios are under the responsibility of the students. At least two people must be in studio during offpeak hours. The last person to leave the studio is responsible to turn off all lights and lock all doors. Sleeping is only permitted if there is at least one other person awake and working in the studio at the time. Studios and classrooms are to remain unlocked during normal business hours, and are to be locked during other hours.
4.2 PERSONAL BELONGINGS || Students are responsible for all personal belongings brought into the SoA. The SoA can assume no responsibility or liability for the theft, loss, or damage to any personal belongings.
4.3 EMERGENCY CONTACT INFORMATION || In the event of an emergency, call UHM security at 956-6911 (66911 on campus phone lines), and if warranted, 911, and contact a member of the SoA Administration or faculty.
5. ACADEMIC POLICIES
5.1 COURSE REQUIREMENTS || Architecture Instructor is required to distribute a syllabus during the first week of class. Courses must list required NAAB Student Performance Criteria (grad) and Student Learning Outcomes (undergrad).
5.2 COURSE GRADING CRITERIA || The SoA follows the current UHM Policy and Procedures regarding grading, including when "incomplete" grades may be given and when and why grades may be changed. All work to be graded must be turned in by 4:00 pm of the last day of exam week.  No late work can be graded.  An “I” Incomplete form must be received by the last day for grading or no “I” grade is allowed.
5.3 CAMPUS POLICIES || The school supports and follows the "Campus Policies" of the UHM Catalog 2011-2012. An Instructor should define "regular attendance" for the individual class in the syllabus.
5.4 CREDIT HOURS AND GRADES || a. Courses numbered 100-400 follow "undergraduate" credits and grades policy in the 2011-2012 UHM catalog. || b. Courses numbered 500 and 600 follow "graduate" credits and grades policy in the 2011-2012 UHM catalog.
5.5 DESIGN STUDIO REVIEWS ||
5.5.1 PUBLIC REVIEWS | All student design work is subject to review and evaluation in a final public review in the week before Final Exams. Students have an opportunity to present their work and receive formal criticism by invited SoA faculty and guests. All students and all interested individuals are welcome and encouraged to attend.
5.5.2 STUDENT PRESENTATION SUBMISSION DEADLINES | All studio projects prepared for presentation at interim reviews must be completed and submitted to the Instructor 24 hours before the date of the review. All final studio projects prepared for presentation at final reviews must be completed and submitted to the Instructor in accordance with the SoA Final Review Schedule. No time extensions by Instructors are permitted.
5.5.3 FINAL REVIEW SCHEDULE POSTING | A schedule of final reviews will be posted by the SoA each semester.
5.5.4 FINAL REVIEW SCHEDULING | Final reviews are considered as final examinations and must be conducted as scheduled in the SoA Final Review Week according to the printed schedule. No additional studio work after SoA Final Review Week is allowable. Grading of student work at final reviews is conducted by the Instructor.
5.5.5 FINAL REVIEW WEEK ATTENDANCE | Final reviews are part of the instructional period. Students are expected to attend the final review for their studio as well as the final reviews for other studios as determined by their studio instructor.
5.6 RESTRICTED COURSES || The SoA reserves the right to restrict SoA courses to SoA students holding minimum qualifications. The SoA administration will make the final determination regarding the student's eligibility to enroll in a restricted course.
5.7 COMPREHENSIVE PORTFOLIO REVIEW ||
Click HERE for pdf of Portfolio Guidelines
5.7.1 POLICY STATEMENT | Each student must submit a Comprehensive Portfolio to the faculty for evaluation and approval before continuing to ARCH 415. Eligibility requirements for the Comprehensive Portfolio submittal include good academic standing (i.e., not on probation) and successful completion of the first three years of the program. The student may advance to graduate coursework only after the portfolio has been approved. If the portfolio is determined to be conditional, the faculty may require additional coursework and other conditions.
5.7.2 INTENT OF PORTFOLIO REVIEW | a. The intent of portfolio review is to provide a process for faculty to assess each student's competency in architectural and urban design, as well as aptitude for advanced 400 and 500 level design and responsible participation in the Practicum Studio. | b. The intent of portfolio review is to provide a structured opportunity for each student to evaluate individual development within architectural education and produce a convincing representation of design work for future use in job procurement and as a necessary skill in professional practice. | c. The intent of portfolio review is to provide a forum for faculty and administration to collectively evaluate student progress and effectiveness of design curriculum and teaching methods. | Additional information is published each year in the Design Portfolio Guidelines available in the Student Services Office.
5.7.3 DEFINITIONS | The term 'good standing' means that a minimum cumulative GPA of 2.50 in Architecture courses, and cumulative GPA of 2.00 in all UHM courses (including Architecture courses) has been met. Students who are on academic probation are not eligible to submit a portfolio for review.
5.7.4 NOTIFICATION OF SUBMISSION ELIGIBILITY | Each SoA student is required to submit the portfolio before proceeding to ARCH 415. The portfolio submittal dates are printed in the SoA Academic Calendar each year. Late or incomplete portfolios will not be reviewed & will be considered a failure.
5.7.5 NOTIFICATION OF REVIEW RESULTS | Students will be notified by the Comprehensive Portfolio Review Committee of the review results. Appeals on the results of the review for first and second reading are made to the Portfolio Review committee; for the third reading appeals are made directly to the Dean.
5.7.6 QUALIFICATION FOR ENTRY INTO UPPER-LEVEL STUDIOS | Only students passing Comprehensive Portfolio Review will be allowed to enroll in ARCH 415. Students receiving a "Conditional Pass" will be permitted to enroll in ARCH 415 and may be subject to other stated conditions. Advancement to any 500 level coursework is only permitted after passing Comprehensive Portfolio Review.
5.7.7 LIMIT ON PORTFOLIO SUBMISSIONS | A maximum of three submittals is permitted for the Comprehensive Portfolio Review. If a student does not pass portfolio in three attempts, the student must transfer out of the program.
5.7.8 EXEMPTION FROM COMPREHENSIVE PORTFOLIO REVIEW | Students entering the D.Arch. program during the summer 2008 semester or thereafter that hold a prior bachelor or higher degree are not required to submit for Comprehensive Portfolio Review. Students with a Bachelor's degree wishing to apply to the D.Arch. program are required to submit a portfolio along with other required application materials.
5.8 ALL-SOA DESIGN EXERCISES || The SoA may periodically schedule all-SoA design exercises (e.g., a "charrette" or "esquisse") that require mandatory participation by all SoA students enrolled in design studio courses. Notification of such events will be made in advance to allow students and faculty to plan accordingly. As stated in the studio course syllabus, Instructors are at liberty to determine the means of evaluation and grading weight and criteria for their studio students for such exercises.
5.9 NOTICES ||
5.9.1 POSTED ACADEMIC INFORMATION NOTICES | SoA notices and other important academic information will be posted on locations that may include the bulletin boards and classroom doors. Failure to observe posted notices is not a satisfactory explanation for non-compliance with the requirements of any notice.
5.9.2 E-MAIL NOTICES | The only e-mail address recognized by the SoA is the hawaii.edu address; SoA notices will be sent only to these addresses. Failure to read e-mail notices is not a satisfactory explanation for non-compliance with the requirements of any notice. Students are strongly advised to check their e-mail account on a regular basis.
5.9.3 POSTED MISCELLANEOUS NOTICES | Miscellaneous notices should be posted either on the bulletin board outside room 210 (studio behind courtyard steps). Permission from the SoA Office is required prior to placing such notices.
5.9.4 ALL SCHOOL MEETINGS | SoA All School Meetings will be conducted when necessary to discuss matters of importance, and may include important registration and advising information. All students are required to attend All School Meetings and will be held responsible for information given and to comply with any notices conveyed.
5.9.5 PERSONAL MAIL AND PHONE MESSAGES | Personal notes and phone messages will not be taken for students by the SoA Office unless it is an emergency. The SoA is not responsible for student personal mail or other items delivered to the SoA.
5.10 OWNERSHIP OF STUDENT WORK ||
5.10.1 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS | The SoA follows the current UHM Policy and Procedures.
5.10.2 SOA RIGHT TO BORROW | The SoA retains the right to borrow student work indefinitely for use in accreditation proceedings, SoA archives, or other purposes. If students wish to retain a record of their work for their own use, they are advised to record, photograph or copy any work prior to submission for grading.
5.11 INSTRUCTOR/COURSE EVALUATIONS || Each student is required to complete an eCAFE instructional evaluation survey for each course at the end of the semester. To insure confidentiality, the survey is to be completed without the instructor being present.
5.12 COMPUTER OWNERSHIP || Special Requirements: All students are expected to have their own laptop computer for studio and class work available in the classroom. Recommended laptop computer specifications may be obtained from the SoA IT specialist, Tony Cao.
5.13 SOFTWARE || Instructors may require specific software for the satisfactory completion of coursework. Such software purchases are considered an educational cost similar to textbook purchases. The SoA does not authorize or condone the use of illegal software. The SoA will seek to provide licensed software "bundles" at reduced rates, and will notify students if and when they are available.
5.14 ACADEMIC PROBATION || Academic probation follows UHM policy in catalog, both general and architecture sections.
6. STANDARDS OF CONDUCT
6.1 STUDIO CULTURE POLICY || The Students, Faculty, & Administration support the recommendations of the American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) Studio Culture Task Force Report: The Redesign of Studio Culture which encourages fostering the values of optimism, respect, sharing, engagement, and innovation. The SoA Studio Culture Policy is as follows:
6.1.1 INTELLECTUAL | a. An important locus in a professional architecture curriculum and a unique model for learning where knowledge from other curricular areas, outside interests, and experiences are integrated and synthesized into creative and meaningful wholes. | b. A unique setting for learning that encourages reflection, analysis, critical thinking, dialogue, collaboration, risk-taking, innovation, and the free and open exchange of ideas such to develop the discipline of architecture and connect architecture more fully to life. | c. A curricular area that allows exploration of the process of learning and designing as well as the products of design. | d. A setting where pedagogical methods include and connect research, service, design and critique, all of which seek to promote the highest standards of learning and promote positive, constructive, useful, and productive interaction among individuals.
6.1.2 ATTITUDINAL | a. A place that supports and fosters qualities of optimism, tolerance, sharing, and the highest standards of ethical behavior. | b. An environment where healthful work habits are encouraged, and where time management skills can develop in the pursuit of the highest standard of work. | c. A social setting where the acceptance and respect of all individuals regardless of race, gender, creed, age, religion, sexual orientation, socioeconomic background, or physical ability may unfold and be celebrated. | d. A place where a culture of engagement is developed, where individuals can become better citizens, architects, and partners in promoting positive relations among people, and between people and the built and natural environment. | e. A setting which explores and tests collaborative as well as individual learning and that encourages involvement with other academic and professional disciplines such to enrich and connect architecture to the broader society and culture. | f. A course that has an appropriate work load and that balances the work load with other courses and activities, and that encourages excellence in thought and action throughout a life-long educational experience.
6.1.3 PHYSICAL | A working environment that is safe, secure, functional, healthful, and inspiring.
The SoA commits to periodically revise the Studio Culture Policy as may be appropriate to respond to changed conditions.
6.2 DISCIPLINARY PROCEDURES || The SoA follows the current UHM Policy and Procedures.
6.3 SEXUAL HARASSMENT || The SoA follows the current UHM Policy and Procedures.
6.4 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION || The SoA follows the current UHM Policy and Procedures.
7. NATIONAL ARCHITECTURAL ACCREDITING BOARD
7.1 ACCREDITATION NOTICE || The Doctor of Architecture degree program is accredited by the National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB).
In the United States, most state registration boards require a degree from an accredited professional degree program as a prerequisite for licensure. The National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB), which is the sole agency authorized to accredit U.S. professional degree programs in architecture, recognizes three types of degrees: the Bachelor of Architecture, the Master of Architecture, and the Doctor of Architecture. A program may be granted a 6-year, 3-year, or 2-year term of accreditation, depending on the extent of its conformance with established educational standards.
Doctor of Architecture and Master of Architecture degree programs may consist of a pre-professional undergraduate degree and a professional graduate degree that, when earned sequentially, constitute an accredited professional education. However, the preprofessional degree is not, by itself, recognized as an accredited degree.
University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa, School of Architecture, offers the following NAABaccredited degree program:
* D. Arch. (126 undergraduate credits + 90 graduate credits)
* Next accreditation visit: 2012
A copy of the latest NAAB Conditions for Accreditation for Professional Degree Programs in Architecture, and a copy of the NAAB Procedures for Accreditation of Professional Degree Programs in Architecture are available online at www.naab.org. A copy of the SoA Visiting Team Report and SoA Annual Reports for NAAB are available in the SoA Student Services Office and can be viewed at any times during normal business hours.
7.2 ACCREDITATION NOTICE || The accredited degree program must demonstrate that each graduate possesses the knowledge and skills defined by the criteria set out below. The knowledge and skills are the minimum for meeting the demands of an internship leading to registration for practice.
The school must provide evidence that its graduates have satisfied each criterion through required coursework. If credits are granted for courses taken at other institutions or online, evidence must be provided that the courses are comparable to those offered in the accredited degree program.
The criteria encompass two levels of accomplishment:
* Understanding | The capacity to classify, compare, summarize, explain and/or interpret information.
* Ability | Proficiency in using specific information to accomplish a task, correctly selecting the appropriate information, and accurately applying it to the solution of a specific problem, while also distinguishing the effects of its implementation.
The NAAB establishes performance criteria to help accredited degree programs prepare students for the profession while encouraging educational practices suited to the individual degree program. In addition to assessing whether student performance meets the professional criteria, the visiting team will assess performance in relation to the school's stated curricular goals and content. While the NAAB stipulates the student performance criteria that must be met, it specifies neither the educational format nor the form of student work that may serve as evidence of having met these criteria. Programs are encouraged to develop unique learning and teaching strategies, methods, and materials to satisfy these criteria. The NAAB encourages innovative methods for satisfying the criteria, provided the school has a formal evaluation process for assessing student achievement of these criteria and documenting the results.
For the purpose of accreditation, graduating students must demonstrate understanding or ability as defined below in the Student Performance Criteria (SPC):
Student Performance Criteria: The SPC are organized into realms to more easily understand the relationships between individual criteria.
Realm A: Critical Thinking and Representation:
Architects must have the ability to build abstract relationships and understand the impact of ideas based on research and analysis of multiple theoretical, social, political, economic, cultural and environmental contexts. This ability includes facility with the wider range of media used to think about architecture including writing, investigative skills, speaking, drawing and model making. Students' learning aspirations include:
* Being broadly educated.
* Communicating graphically in a range of media.
* Recognizing the assessment of evidence.
* Comprehending people, place, and context.
* Recognizing the disparate needs of client, community, and society.
A.1. Communication Skills: Ability to read, write, speak and listen effectively.
A.2. Design Thinking Skills: Ability to raise clear and precise questions, use abstract ideas to interpret information, consider diverse points of view, reach well-reasoned conclusions, and test alternative outcomes against relevant criteria and standards.
A.3. Visual Communication Skills: Ability to use appropriate representational media, such as traditional graphic and digital technology skills, to convey essential formal elements at each stage of the programming and design process.
A.4. Technical Documentation: Ability to make technically clear drawings, write outline specifications, and prepare models illustrating and identifying the assembly of materials, systems, and components appropriate for a building design.
A.5. Investigative Skills: Ability to gather, assess, record, apply, and comparatively evaluate relevant information within architectural coursework and design processes.
A.6. Fundamental Design Skills: Ability to effectively use basic architectural and environmental principles in design.
A.7. Use of Precedents: Ability to examine and comprehend the fundamental principles present in relevant precedents and to make choices regarding the incorporation of such principles into architecture and urban design projects.
A.8. Ordering Systems Skills: Understanding of the fundamentals of both natural and formal ordering systems and the capacity of each to inform two- and three-dimensional design.
A.9. Historical Traditions and Global Culture: Understanding of parallel and divergent canons and traditions of architecture, landscape and urban design including examples of indigenous, vernacular, local, regional, national settings from the Eastern, Western, Northern, and Southern hemispheres in terms of their climatic, ecological, technological, socioeconomic, public health, and cultural factors.
A.10. Cultural Diversity: Understanding of the diverse needs, values, behavioral norms, physical abilities, and social and spatial patterns that characterize different cultures and individuals and the implication of this diversity on the societal roles and responsibilities of architects.
A.11. Applied Research: Understanding the role of applied research in determining function, form, and systems and their impact on human conditions and behavior.
Realm B: Integrated Building Practices, Technical Skills and Knowledge:
Architects are called upon to comprehend the technical aspects of design, systems and materials, and be able to apply that comprehension to their services. Additionally they must appreciate their role in the implementation of design decisions, and the impact of such decisions on the environment. Students learning aspirations include:
* Creating building designs with well-integrated systems.
* Comprehending constructability.
* Integrating accessibility.
* Applying principles of sustainable design.
B.1. Pre-Design: Ability to prepare a comprehensive program for an architectural project, such as preparing an assessment of client and user needs, an inventory of space and equipment requirements, an analysis of site conditions (including existing buildings), a review of the relevant laws and standards and assessment of their implications for the project, and a definition of site selection and design assessment criteria.
B.2. Accessibility: Ability to design sites, facilities, and systems to provide independent and integrated use by individuals with physical (including mobility), sensory, and cognitive disabilities.
B.3. Sustainability: Ability to design projects that optimize, conserve, or reuse natural and built resources, provide healthful environments for occupants/users, and reduce the environmental impacts of building construction and operations on future generations through means such as carbon-neutral design, bioclimatic design, and energy efficiency.
B.4. Site Design: Ability to respond to site characteristics such as soil, topography, vegetation, and watershed in the development of a project design.
B.5. Life Safety: Ability to apply the basic principles of life-safety systems with an emphasis on egress.
B.6. Comprehensive Design: Ability to produce a comprehensive architectural project that demonstrates each student's capacity to make design decisions across scales while integrating the following SPC:
A.2. Design Thinking Skills
