Programs  >  Executive  >  Executive MBA Vietnam  >  Overview
Executive MBA Vietnam — Program Overview
As Vietnam emerges fully onto the world economic stage, new and constantly-evolving demands are placed on business executives in all industries. To successfully manage these challenges, today’s executive must possess strong analytical skills, the ability to think strategically, and effective leadership capabilities.
To meet these challenges head on, the University of Hawaii, Shidler College of Business has partnered with the International University to deliver its first-rate Executive MBA program that will train, guide, and prepare Vietnam’s top executives who want to elevate their management skills.
This two-year, executive format program allows participants living in Hanoi or Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam to maintain full-time management positions while earning their degree. Students will learn from an integrated, modern curriculum that incorporates core business disciplines with cutting-edge business practices including: management of information technologies, entrepreneurship, e-business and Asia-Pacific global business strategy. All classes will be held in Vietnam, with an optional summer study at the University of Hawaii at Manoa in Honolulu, Hawaii, USA.
Shidler College of Business’s Executive MBA program has already proven to be immensely successful in advancing many graduates’ careers for the last several years in Vietnam.
Thus, with their degree from the University of Hawaii at Manoa, UH Executive MBA graduates will be able to demonstrate that they have the confidence and skills to compete for top executive positions, not only in Vietnam, but anywhere in the world.
Learning Goals for the MBA
Demonstrate and apply knowledge of the functional areas of business (best business practice)
Communicate effectively in writing and oral presentations
Understand and apply management skills to the Asia-Pacific business environment
Identify and analyze complex ethical and legal issues
Demonstrate understanding of the impacts of technology on business
Program Features
Highly Ranked - The University of Hawaii Shidler College of Business is renowned for its expertise in international management and ranked among the top 25 graduate schools in the US for international business by U.S. News & World Report.
AACSB accredited - The only AACSB-accredited MBA program in Vietnam which assures a high-quality, relevant, and internationally-recognized MBA.
Top Faculty - All classes are taught in Vietnam by University of Hawaii, faculty who travel to Vietnam to deliver their instruction and course material face-to-face. Faculty use a variety of interactive teaching formats and methods designed to engage and challenge experienced business leaders.
Asia-Pacific Focus - A pioneer among U.S. business schools in international business, the University of Hawaii distinguishes itself through its focus on the Asia-Pacific Region The Shidler School of Business's faculty have a research focus in-depth knowledge of Asia-Pacific issues and practices.
Alumni Network - There are 29,000 University of Hawaii Business School Alumni living in 40 countries around the world. The Vietnam Executive MBA program has been in operation in Hanoi since 2000, in Ho Chi Minh City since 2007 and has developed an established senior alumni network across Vietnam .
Flexible Schedule - Executive MBA classes are conveniently scheduled at night and on weekends to allow busy professionals to attend class, and continue working full-time, while achieving an MBA degree in 22 months.
Convenient Location - Classes held in modern facilities in Ho Chi Minh City (District 3) and Hanoi, major centers of commerce, finance, culture and tourism in Vietnam.
Rigorous Curriculum - Faculty and curriculum that challenge students to solve complex business problems in a global environment, apply strong analytical and strategic thinking to multifaceted business issues, and to develop sophisticated management skills.
Diverse Executive Students - Vietnam citizens or foreign nationals living in Vietnam are welcome to apply with classes typically made up of 40-45 students from around the world with an average of 5 to 10 years of work experience.
Companies Represented
The University of Hawaii - Shidler College of Business is proud to have representatives from many major companies and organizations joining its Vietnam Executive MBA program such as:
