28th National Space Synposium - April 16-19, 2012
at the Broadmoor Hotel, Colorado Sprigs, Colorado.
PISCES supports the Space Foundation and its efforts. 
Please consider attending this important national conference, "the premier gathering of the global space community".
PISCES Sponsors Family Science Night with Derrick Pitts
PISCES in collaboration with the Journey Through the Universe program and UHH Black History Month along with the UHH Minority Access and Achievement Program presents noted astronomer and celebrity Derrick Pitts of the Franklin Institute, Philadelphia.  Derrick's talk will be "The New Space Race:  Astronomy and Space Exploration on the Edge of Tomorrow"
Derrick will be joined by Brian Day of the NASA Lunar Science Institute who will speak on  "The New Moon" featuring recent results from LCROSS, LRO and the upcoming LADEE mission.
Wed. March 7, 2012 on UHH campus, Science and Technology Bldg, Room 108, 6-9pm. Click here for flyer
PISCES Sponsors LSA 2
Flexure Engineering is hosting the second Lunar Superconductor Applications Conference (LSA 2) "Instruments, Observations, and Opportunities at the Lunar Poles" on March 15-16, 2012 in Houston, Texas
The single most important discovery in Lunar science is the confirmation of icy volatiles at the Lunar poles. This not only makes the Moon an exciting destination in its own right, but the Lunar poles are a Rosetta Stone for cryogenic chemistry and physics throughout the solar system and beyond.
Click here for more info.
PISCES Cooperating Org for ASCE Earth And Space 2012
The American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) will hold the 13th ASCE Aerospace Division Conference on Engineering, Construction, and Operations in Challenging Environments "Engineering for Extreme Environments" on April 15-18, 2012.
The Earth & Space 2012 Conference will unite engineers from all corners of the world to tackle the issues facing construction and operations in challenging environments, space exploration, and sustainable development on earth, in space, and other planetary bodies.
Click here for more info.
PTMSS 2012
3rd Annual Joint SRR/PTMSS will be held in Golden, Colorado
Monday June 4 - Thursday June 7, 2012 
The purpose of this conference is to promote a closer relationship between  the space and mining sectors. The intent is to allow  mining experts to network with space scientists and  engineers, to share knowledge, and to foster  collaboration.
The focus of the conference will be solid planet sciences.  Topics will be limited to the science and technology of  exploring and exploiting resources on Earth as well as  on other planetary bodies, such as the moon, Mars,  asteroids, comets, etc.
The Planetary and Terrestrial Mining Sciences Symposium will be held  jointly with the Space Resources Roundtable (SRR) for  2012. For additional information on SRR click  here.
PISCES hosts NASA Lunar Rovers.
During the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders Conference held Nov. 7-13, 2011, NASA collaborated with the PISCES to share the excitement of exploration and robotics technology with elementary school children and even some APEC delegates.
At the conference, PISCES set up a booth for APEC delegates to view real-time educational demonstrations of NASA rovers at a Lunar/Mars analog site on Hawaii's Big Island. The rovers, developed by the NASA Lunar Science Institute’s Exploration Uplink Project at NASA Ames Research Center Moffett Field, Calif., were driven remotely by children in Hawaiian schools.  Click here for details.
 
PISCES - Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems. A project of the Japan-U.S. Science, Technology and Space Applications Program, University of Hawaii at Hilo Department of Physics and Astronomy
© 2010 Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems, all rights reserved.
