CC Infrastructure– Baccalaureate Program Support
Abstract
Maui County residents and Maui Community College (MCC) students will benefit from the
Baccalaureate Program Support provided by the Rural Job Training Initiative. MCC envisions a
world-class college that meets the current and emerging Maui County education and training needs
through innovative, high quality programs offered in stimulating learning environments.
Beginning Fall 2005, Maui Community College will offer courses directed toward its first 4 year
degree. The degree, a Bachelor of Applied Science in Applied Business and Information
Technology (ABIT), addresses two areas of high interest in technical programs indicated in
response to a county-wide survey conducted in 2002.
Four-year degree programs are in demand in Maui County and Maui Community College has
dedicated a committee to research what new Bachelor degree programs could be offered in the next
two years on the MCC campus. The Baccalaureate Program Support component of this grant will
help pay for start-up costs, curriculum development and accreditation for additional 4 year
programs.
Nursing programs at MCC may be expanded under this grant addressing a critical nursing and
health care worker shortage in Hawaii. There are currently 300 students who would like to enroll in
the MCC Nursing School but because of faculty/student ratios required for clinical accreditation,
only 52 students can be accepted annually. An important addition to the allied health unit will be
the development of a Radiology Technician Program.
Since Maui has no public transportation system, offering college programs for students on Maui’s
Westside has been limited to those able to travel. This proposal includes efforts to provide
infrastructure support for the West Maui Education Center. Streaming video technology will
augment training efforts at this new ed center.
RJTI will provide personnel for development of a writing program targeting high school students in
a partnership with the Maui Writers Conference. Non-credit courses may be offered through
OCET and the University will continue to video stream the annual conference for use by MCC’s
English, Literature and Writing professors.
Vocational and Technical Ed Programs, Ecommerce:
Vocational and technical education programs have traditionally been at the heart of our community
college system in Hawaii. These programs must keep pace with emerging technologies and modern
service delivery methods. Several vocational programs at MCC need upgrades to maintain a
competitive edge. As part of this proposal, Ecommerce training will be initiated.
The Automobile Technology program provides a valuable training component at MCC and is
lacking technically advanced equipment to perform computerized diagnostics testing on newer cars
and trucks. Students studying in rural communities must be trained on industry-standard equipment
Page 23
to be properly prepared for employment in this field. Major equipment upgrades are needed for this
program
MCC’s Fashion Technology department faces a similar fate. Technological advances in the fashion
industry have outpaced what is available to students in Maui County. This program also requires
material and equipment upgrades to insure that capable students with knowledge of up-to-date
trends and technology graduate from this program and find suitable employment because of their
training.
Sustainable Technologies & Alternative Ene rgy
The Sustainable Technology department at MCC will include a new alternative energy training
program and has requested updated equipment to standardize teaching methods with other
Community Colleges and University of Hawaii sites. Equipment upgrades are necessary and
critical to the success of this program. Sustainable technologies (including alternative energy
systems) are among the fastest growing sector of the Hawaii economy according to the 2002-
2012 Employment Outlook for Industries and Occupations. One goal of this program will be to
develop alternative energies to help the MCC campus conserve energy and decrease
consumption and costs.
Expanding cultural boundaries in our global economy is important to students who are
geographically separated from Mainland communities. Maui Community College proposes to
partner with Kure Technical Junior College in Japan to develop an internet based language and
communication skills program whereby students from each country benefit and gain skills
required to work effectively in a multi- national business environment.
Supporting and retaining community college students is important to rural communities. New
students arriving at MCC are often unaware of services available to them which may help them
be successful in their college endeavors. The Student Life Department at MCC proposes adding
a one-credit course which will apprise students of the services and resources available to them on
the MCC campus and in the Maui County community. This program will help identify
struggling students and the resources they need before they give up on their education.
Finally, although Hawaii is experiencing the lowest unemployment in decades, this proposal
includes an effort to increase job placement assistance for MCC students and graduates.
Page 24
Description of the Issue
STATEMENT OF NEED
As the only public higher education in Hawaii, the University of Hawaii (UH) system bears a special
responsibility to prepare a highly educated citizenry. The system supports the creation of quality
jobs and the preparation of an educated workforce to fill them. Building on a strong liberal arts
foundation, the UH system prepares a full array of workers from technicians, physicians, and
scientists to artists, teachers, writers and marketing specialists – workers who are needed in a
technologically advanced and culturally diverse island state.
Adding quality, relevant four-year degree programs is consistent with MCC's mission to provide
affordable, high quality educational opportunities to a diverse community of lifelong learners.
Additional degree program offerings provide greater opportunities to the community without
diverting significant resources from its core offerings. These programs are consistent with a number
of action strategies aimed at maximizing opportunities for students to enroll and transfer among
campuses to achieve their educational objectives.
Increasing four-year degree offerings at Maui Community College will enable students to compete
fairly for higher paying jobs in Maui’s growing economy. Businesses partners who have expressed
interest in hiring degreed technology majors include Boeing, Akimeka, Trex Industries, Maui High
Performance Computing Center and Maui Net. Jobs in fields requiring a Bachelor’s degree of some
kind typically start at 30K or more per year and increase as employees add to their training.
Dialogue, discussion and cooperation with business and community partners in Hawaii are necessary
to this program to serve workforce needs.
The Community College Infrastructure – Baccalaureate Support Program will also allow
development of vocational, certificate and non-degree programs that respond to emerging markets
and delivery systems that are responsive to public demands. MCC is committed to preserving its
applied sciences vocational and technical programs, open admissions philosophy, affordability, and
learning-centered focus even as its curriculum expands to offering a four-year degree. It is a
positive, creative, cost-effective means of addressing the geographic isolation of learners on Maui,
Hana, Moloka’i, and Lana’i.
This grant seeks to prepare students from diverse academic, ethnic and economic ranges by applying
a variety of business and information technology skill sets, theories, and practices in community
settings.
Description of the Target Area
Target Area
Hawaii is an island state located in one of the more isolated areas in the world, lying
approximately 2,100 nautical miles southwest of California and more than 4,000 miles from
Japan and the Philippines.
The greatest distance between any two of the larger Hawaiian Islands is the eighty miles from
Kauai to O’ahu, while the distances between adjacent islands average twenty- five miles or less.
The resident population according to the 2002 census was 1,257,608. The population is
concentrated on the island of O'ahu with a population of 896,019. The next highest populated
island is Hawaii with 154,794 residents followed by Maui with 134,139 residents. The rest of
the population is on the islands of Kauai, Lanai and Molokai. Except for the city of Honolulu,
which is located on O’ahu, all of Hawaii is designated as rural.
Geographically, the target areas of this grant are the more rural areas of the Hawaiian Islands.
The workforce and economic development needs outlined in this proposal were carefully and
strategically selected based on input and research that included labor and growth forecasts, state
resident demographics, local employment and emerging industry opportunities and workforce
statistics.
This proposal will serve all residents of the state of Hawaii interested in improving their skills,
knowledge and understanding in specific workforce sectors. Additionally, it will target students
of Maui Community College and residents of Maui County seeking career development through
training and education.
Students interested in vocational pursuits will be served through the upgrading of Automobile
Technology, Fashion Technology and Sustainable Technologies programs at MCC.
Individuals will be recruited for these programs through campus advertising, college catalogs,
and through WIA supported programs and the University system. The intent of the
Baccalaureate Support program is to increase the number of educated workers in Hawaii who are
qualified to support the high-technology industry in Hawaii. Applicants must meet college
entrance requirements.
