Hawaii Pacific University Programs & Course Catalog
Master of Arts in Organizational Change
Hawaii Pacific University's Master of Arts in Organizational Change (MA/OC) emphasizes the management, design, implementation, and application of such change methods as continuous improvement and performance management. Students learn how ...show more »to design innovations for organizational culture change, as well as how to implement an actual program of change in an organization.
Certificate Programs:
The certificate programs are offered in both traditional, in-class or distance-learning formats. Our distance learning approach is based on multiple teaching methods. Our software, WEBCT, is supported by online discussions, conference calls, and other means that ensure the interactive advantages of traditional education remain part of the learning experience.
* Certificate in Organizational Change and Development (PCOCD)
* Certificate in National and Community Change and Development (PCNCCD)
«show less
Show courses (14) »
MBA in Human Resource Management
HR professionals who specialize in the challenges of organizing and utilizing human potential will be introduced to new solutions. This concentration combines training in principles of personnel management with techniques ...show more »for facilitating employee growth and development. Elective courses may include recruitment, selection, performance appraisal, training and development, job design, compensation, labor relations, and safety and health issues.
«show less
Show courses (12) »
MBA in Information Systems
HPU's full-time MBA program provides ample opportunity for students to immerse themselves in a dynamic learning environment for two exciting years. For students without a business degree, this 24-month format ...show more »makes it possible to complete the necessary prerequisites and transition directly into the MBA program. If you have already completed your undergraduate business degree or satisfied all of the prerequisites, you can shorten the two-year program to only 18 months.The MBA program that concentrates on Information Systems emphasize on Information systems managers leverage data, systems, and technical knowledge to provide integrated solutions to all of the functional areas of business. By developing problem-solving results that communicate, integrate, and synthesize the knowledge base of a corporation and its partners, business opportunities are answered. A concentration in information systems will focus on the technological and strategic impact of IS on the structure and competitive posture of modern organizations. «show less
Show courses (24) »
MBA in International Business
Global managers are provided with a strong foundation in the current issues and problems of environment and structure that international businesses face. The curriculum is based on an analytical approach ...show more »that is comparative in essence, and the orientation is toward practical applications. Global problems related to population, resources, energy, food, the environment, and other related topics are presented and discussed. «show less
Show courses (11) »
MBA in Management
Hawai‘i Pacific University (HPU), an established institution with leading programs in business administration, information systems, and management, offers a comprehensive Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) degree program. This program will ...show more »help you get ahead in today's global marketplace through a strong, in-depth curriculum that balances core courses with electives, providing a solid business education while allowing you to specialize. This is a rigorous program that will immerse you in leading-edge technology and modern business and management principles, designed to give you the knowledge and experience to lead, innovate, and succeed. «show less
Show courses (22) »
MBA in Organizational Change and Development
The Organizational Change and Development concentration is designed to assist you in gaining insight into managing change-a continual requirement for survival in today's competitive business environment. Organizational change involves a ...show more »multi-disciplinary perspective and uses concepts and methods from such fields as management, sociology, and anthropology, technology, organizational development, and psychology. «show less
