Clinical Trials at the Univ of Hawaii
The University of  Hawaii Cancer Center was founded in 1981 and became an NCI–designated cancer center in 1996. The Center’s mission is to reduce the burden of cancer through research,  education, and outreach, with an emphasis on the unique ethnic, cultural, and environmental  characteristics of Hawaii and the Pacific.
Research activities are organized into three inter–disciplinary programs: Epidemiology,  Natural Products and Cancer Biology, and Prevention and Control.  Experts who participate in  the research projects include faculty in the areas of epidemiology, molecular carcinogenesis,  cancer treatment, and prevention methodology. The Center has recently formed a consortium with  the University’s John A. Burns School of Medicine, Queen’s Medical Center,  Hawaii Pacific Health, Kuakini Medical Center and other state hospitals to promote translational  research and expand its clinical collaborations.
An important aspect of the work of the Center is its outreach to Hawaii’s multiethnic  community. This outreach includes education, particularly about prevention, and support programs  for cancer survivors. The Center makes the results of the latest research available to local  health care and research communities. Partnerships include the University of Guam and the  Tripler Army Medical Center.
The University of Hawaii Cancer Center serves as the headquarters for one of 13 NCI–designated  Minority–Based Community Clinical Oncology Programs.  This program provides patients throughout  the state access to NCI–approved clinical trials in the areas of cancer prevention and control  and treatment.  Through its outreach program, local hospitals, physicians, and other cancer care  providers are able to conduct NCI–approved clinical trials in their respective communities.  Through the Center, clinical trials are made available from the major cooperative research groups  including the Southwest Oncology Group, Children’s Oncology Group, Gynecological Oncology Group,  and the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group.
The Center’s training opportunities range from high school and college student mentoring by  faculty, to continuing education programs in the latest technologies for practicing clinical oncologists.
