Hawaii Pacific University - Overview
HPU Puts a Priority on Teaching; Students Receive Personal Attention
Hawai'i Pacific University (HPU) is recognized as a "Best in the West" college by Princeton Review and a "Best Buy" by Barron's business magazine. HPU offers more than 50 acclaimed undergraduate programs and 14 distinguished graduate programs. Hawai'i Pacific University faculty members are renowned for the personal interest they take in each of their students. There are no teaching assistants in our classrooms, only highly qualified and respected faculty with academic and business credentials. Our faculty's student-centered approach, small class sizes, and a low student-faculty ratio translate into personal attention from faculty. Even with 8,200 students, our average class size is less than 25 students. So you'll enjoy all of the technological and academic resources expected at a large university, delivered within the atmosphere of a small school.
At HPU, students get to know their professors as colleagues and mentors. One-on-one guidance happens naturally due to the low student-faculty ratio of 15:1.  Faculty range from top level executives at Fortune 500 companies to state government leaders whose real-world knowledge enlivens the learning experience.
HPU is One of the World's Most Culturally Diverse Campuses with Students from Over 100 Countries
Hawai'i Pacific University is a private, nonprofit university with approximately 8,200 students. HPU is ranked one of the most internationally diverse universities in the world, according to Institute of International Education. An international learning community situated in Hawai'i's vibrant culture, Hawai'i Pacific University attracts students from all 50 states and more than 100 countries.
The diversity of the student body stimulates learning about other cultures firsthand, both inside and outside of the classroom. Inside the classroom, the internationally diverse student body allows for a variety of viewpoints and stimulating class discussion. Outside the classroom, students develop friendships and form important connections for success in the global economy of the twenty-first century. At HPU, students attain the knowledge and resources they need to become distinguished and productive leaders in their local community and throughout the world.
As part of its emphasis on international education and global citizenship, HPU offers study abroad opportunities that complement and enhance students' academic experience. Study abroad opportunities are available in Australia, Austria, Brazil, France, Germany, Great Britain, Japan, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, and Thailand.
HPU Gives Students Urban Amenities and the Chance for Year-Round Outdoor Recreation
Hawai'i Pacific University combines the excitement of an urban, downtown campus with the serenity and beauty of a traditional campus on the southeastern side of the island. The main campus is located in fast-paced downtown Honolulu, the business and financial center of the Pacific. The Hawai'i Loa campus is 8 miles away, situated in the lush foothills at the base of the Ko'olau Mountains; it is the site of the College of Nursing and Health Sciences, the marine science program, and a variety of other course offerings. HPU is also affiliated with the Oceanic Institute, an applied aquaculture research facility located on a 56-acre site at Makapu'u Point on the southeastern coast. These three distinctive sites are conveniently linked by shuttle.
Honolulu provides urban amenities such as shopping, culture, and entertainment. Students can attend theater productions, concerts, and sports events or tour art galleries and museums. The islands maintain an average temperature of 78 degrees, so students can enjoy outdoor recreational activities such as surfing, body boarding, hiking, and swimming, year-round.
The Hawai'ian Islands are a group of islands in the Pacific: Ni'ihau, Kaua'i, O'ahu, Maui, Moloka'i, Lana'i, Kaho'olawe, and Hawai'i, often referred to as the Big Island. The majority of residents live on Oahu, where the university is located. Students can explore other Hawai'ian Islands and their beautiful beaches and attractions, as they gain a well reputed education.
