Contact Us
E Komo Mai - Welcome to Kewalo Marine Laboratory
Located on the south shore of Oʻahu near the beautiful Kakaʻako Waterfront Park, Kewalo Marine Laboratory is a world-class research facility specializing in the the study of the biodiversity and the effects of human activity on our precious local marine environment. Kewalo Marine Lab is one of two marine laboratories of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, and provides support for University of Hawaiʻi faculty and students, as well as visiting researchers from around the world. The four permanent University of Hawaiʻi faculty run active, federally-funded research labs, train students, and perform community and outreach activities vital to our understanding of life in the marine environment. Kewalo Marine Laboratory is a unique and internationally recognized urban marine lab with access to the pristine coral reef ecosystems on the leeward coast and an invaluable resource for residents in the state of Hawaiʻi.
Latest News at Kewalo Marine Lab
Kewalo Marine Lab undergrads Tricia Cockett, Jorg Anson, and Mark Pascua were guest panelists at a discussion on climate change on Earth Day at Revolution Books.  Each of them shared their concerns about climate change and what it means about the future of the planet.
Former graduate student Michael Boyle was recently awarded the Tupper Fellowship through the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute where he is currently a post-doctoral research fellow. Dr. Boyle will use the three-year fellowship for comparative studies between three different species of marine worms.
The many, and impressive, contributions of Kewalo Marine Lab researchers at the 2012 Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology (SICB) Meeting in Charleston, South Carolina were featured in a meeting summary by Dr. Christine Byrum, a former University of Hawaii Zoology Department post-doctoral research fellow. You can read her article in EvoDevo .
Jonathan Martinez, Austin Shelton, and Sean Macduff from the Richmond Lab were invited to present their research at the 6th Biennial Education & Science Forum of the NOAA Educational Partnership Program at Florida A&M University. Congratulations to all three!
Dr. Bob Richmond and graduate student Austin Shelton spent a day in the field at Maunalua Bay with 8th-graders from Punahou School teaching them about ahupua'a (land)/sea interactions and the ties between urban planning and coral reef health.
The 37th Annual Albert L. Tester Memorial Symposium was hosted by the Zoology Department on March 14-16, 2012. Congratulations go out to Ms. Emi Yamaguchi, who was a recipient of a Best Paper Award; Mr. Marc-Anthony Pascua who won a Best Rapid-Fire Award; and Ms. Sunny Kao, who was awarded a Best Undergraduate Poster Award. Congratulations to all who participated, and to Dr. Cawa Tran and Mr. Tim DuBuc for serving on the Organizing Committee.
