Grambling State University
Hawaii Pacific University          Introduction
The history of the Hawaii Pacific University (HPU) goes back to 1965 when some citizens of Hawaii applied to establish a not-for-profit college to be known as the Hawaii Pacific College. The State of Hawaii granted the charter resulting in the incorporation of the college towards the end of that year. The entity incorporated in 1965 expanded almost immediately by merging with the Honolulu Christian College in 1966.
Starting as a single campus college, HPU has expanded over the years and today boasts three campuses. The university’s main campus, the Downtown campus, is located in downtown Honolulu. The university’s other campus, the Hawaii Loa Campus, is situated eight miles away and is built on 135 acres of land. On the windward coast of Hawaii is the college’s third campus, the Oceanic institute.
The university is also represented on military installations on the island of Oahu and has campuses on several military bases including the historical Pearl Harbor Naval Base, the Marine Corps Base of Hawaii and the Hickam Air Force Base.
The university has an undergraduate population of almost 7,000 with a gender distribution of 58% women and 42% men. The number of graduate students is also sizeable as the university awards graduate degrees in 13 areas of study.
Hawaii Pacific University          Academics
The range of academic programs offered by HPU is extremely diverse and covers over 50 areas of study. Students opting for the university’s Bachelor of Arts degree, for example, can obtain a major in over 40 areas. These include accounting, advertising and public relations, business economics, communication diplomacy and military studies, justice administration, elementary and secondary education, journalism and international relations among others.
The university’s bachelor of science degrees offers majors in over 20 areas of study including biochemistry, biology, health and human sciences, marine biology, mathematics, pre-medical studies, digital media, web design, nursing, economics and chemistry.
Students enrolled in the university’s Bachelor of Science in business administration program can pursue majors in over 10 areas.
One of the oldest schools in the university is the School of Business Administration which was established in 1972 when the then Hawaii Pacific College was graduating its first batch of seven students. The school has expanded over the years and today the majors offered by this school are the most popular with students seeking education at HPU. In 2009, for example, 35% of students enrolled at HPU were studying for degrees in business-related fields such as marketing and management.
Close in popularity to the business degrees are degrees in clinical sciences and health professions.
The university’s graduate degree program covers thirteen areas in both arts and sciences. Some of the graduate programs available here include Master of Arts in communication, diplomacy and military studies, human resource management, business administration, elementary and secondary education and organizational change. The graduate science degrees offered by the university are Master of Science in marine science, nursing and information systems.
Students enrolled in the graduate programs at HPU are able to pursue secondary degrees courtesy of the university’s Joint Degree arrangement. Students studying for a Masters in Business Administration (MBA) could also concurrently study for degrees in communication, global leadership and sustainable development, human resource management, organizational change and nursing.
Students enrolled in the Master of Science in Information Systems could also concurrently study for degrees in business administration, human resource management, diplomacy and military studies and organizational change among others.
The university’s programs offering undergraduate certificates are many and cover such diverse areas as Anthropology (Asian studies, Hawaii/Pacific studies, public anthropology, etc), nursing, teaching, human resource management and computer information systems. Similar certificate programs are also available for graduate students.
HPU is accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC). Some of the university’s programs have also obtained accreditation by professional accrediting bodies. The nursing program is accredited by the National League for Nursing Accrediting Commission while the Social Work Program is accredited by the Council on Social Work Education.
Most Popular Fields of Study
The top 5 fields of study completed at Hawaii Pacific University.
» See more detail
Hawaii Pacific University          Admissions
In making a decision on whether to admit a student as a freshman or not, HPU takes several factors into consideration. While the applicant’s grade point average is important, the university also looks at the applicant’s ACT or SAT scores, the student’s involvement in extra-curricular activities and the personal statement the applicant provides.
The university’s requirement that an applying freshman submit a personal statement gives the applicant an opportunity to show his or her competence that might not be reflected in the high school diploma. An applicant could, for example, compose a poem or providing writing samples that provide evidence of the applicant’s abilities.
In addition, the university requires the applicant to submit the official high school transcript and SAT or ACT scores. In some instances, the university will require students to submit letters of recommendation.
Admission requirements vary among the departments but, in general, all prospective freshmen should have completed 4 years of English, 4 years of history or other social science, 2 years of natural science and 3 three years of mathematics.
Students seeking majors in environmental sciences, marine biology and oceanography are required to have completed 3 years of high school science courses such as chemistry, biology, physics and mathematics and to have obtained a cumulative grade point average of 3.0 or higher.
Students transferring to HPU from other universities and colleges are required to submit the official transcripts issued by all the institutions previously attended. The transfer student’s cumulative GPA must be 2.0 or better. Where the transfer student has 24 or more university-level credits, the university will make its decision on whether to admit or not based on the post-secondary record. If the student has less than 24 credits, the university will also look at the applicant’s high school grades. International students are required to send their academic transcripts to the university by mail (the university does not accept faxes and email attachments). Where the transcripts are in a language other than English, the applicant is required to have the documents certified and professionally translated.
Students applying to join the university’s graduate programs are required to submit official transcripts issued by the institutions attended. The documents must all be original (showing the signature of the institution’s registrar and the institution’s official seal). The applicant’s should also submit two letters of recommendation (ideally from former academic counselors or professors) and a 500-word essay stating why he or she wants to pursue graduate studies at HPU.
Financial Aid
Students attending HPU have host of scholarships, grants and loans they could apply. The list of scholarships, which (along with grants), is the preferred source of financial aid for many because the student does not have to repay, is rather impressive.
Scholarships
HPU awards the Alumni Scholarship, which was established to honor the university’s alumni, to new undergraduate and graduate students. It is awarded to student’s who are referred to the university by the university’s alumni. Winners of this scholarship receive $1,000 in the name of the alumnus to cover tuition expenses.
Graduates of Hawaii high schools could also apply for the Scholarships for High School Seniors in Hawaii which waive tuition fees for freshmen joining the university. The university also conducts writing competitions throughout the State and both juniors and seniors in Hawaii high schools participate. Amounts awarded for these competitions vary.
The university also awards the Pacific Islands Institute and Diana W. Lockwood Memorial Scholarship in honor of Diana Lockwood who was the founder of the Pacific Islands Institute. The scholarship is awarded to both graduate and undergraduate students from the Pacific regions. In addition to demonstrating financial need, applicants for this scholarship are expected to return to their home countries after graduation (to put what they learned into practical use) and each winners receives up to $2,000.
Incoming students with exceptional athletic capabilities could also benefit from the university’s Athletic Scholarships which waive tuition fees for students with demonstrated athletic abilities. Similar to this are the Band and Orchestra Scholarships, Cheer and Dance Scholarships and International Vocal Ensemble Scholarships.
Federal Student Loans
Federal loans are also available for students attending HPU. These include Graduate PLUS Loans, Parent PLUS Loans and Direct Stafford Loans. Private institutions offering student loans include Citibank, Sallie Mae and Wells Fargo. A federal loan is always preferable as its interest rates are low and a student should only consider loans from private lenders as a last resort.
Student Financial Aid Details
How many students use Financial Aid, and how much do they use?
Hawaii Pacific University 1546th for the average student loan amount.
Secrets to getting the best Hawaii scholarships and financial aid
Effective as of 2010-09-21
» See more detail
Athletics
Athletic activities at HPU cover many sports such as basketball, volleyball, softball, tennis, soccer, golf and cross country. The men’s basketball team is the oldest and was formed in 1978. The university is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and its teams, the Sea Warriors, compete in the Pacific West Conference.
Honors won by the Sea Warriors include the 1993 NAIA national championship won by the men’s basketball team and more recently the 2010 National Championship for NCAA Division II won by the university’s women’s softball team.
The university’s cross country teams (both men and women) have been extremely impressive, winning five consecutive Academic All-Americans as voted by the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association. To win this prestigious award, the team must have at least five of its members completing the race at their NCAA regional championship while the cumulative GPA of the entire team must be 3.0 or higher.
Bibliography
“About HPU”. Hawaii Pacific University. 19th May 2011 <http://www.hpu.edu/About_HPU/University_History.html>
“Hawaii Pacific University”. The Princeton Review. 19th May 2011 <http://www.princetonreview.com/schools/college/CollegeBasics.aspx?iid=1023801>
“Hawaii Pacific University”. U.S. News & World Report. 19th May 2011 <http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/hawaii-pacific-university-7279>
Information Summary
See the entire top 2,000 colleges and universities list
Overall Score On StateUniversity.com ( about )
72.5
