GW Sailors Volunteer at Ning Po College
By Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Marcus D. Mince
7th Fleet
HONG KONG  - Sailors and command-sponsored sports team members from the Navy's only   forward-deployed aircraft carrier USS George Washington (CVN 73) visited Ning Po   College during a port visit to Hong Kong, Nov. 11.
Sailors interacted   with young adults 14 to 18 years of age one day of their five-day port visit in   Hong Kong for a community service project (COMSERV).
Upon arrival, the   more than 20 Sailors were greeted by Ning Po College students and Sunshine   Action volunteers who assisted in organizing the event.
"It's a great way   for these students to interact with native English speakers," said Susanna   Auyeung, a full-time volunteer for Sunshine Action. "It helps to build an   established sense of self-confidence in their ability to speak proper   English."
George Washington Sailors played sports, games and even gave a   few drum lessons to the students, followed by an opportunity to speak one-on-one   on how to deal with hardship and failure.
"The COMSERVs that we do allow   everyone from the ship to give of themselves and they are very unique   opportunities for all of us to share our experiences and what we've learned   throughout our careers in the military," said Aviation Boatswain's Mate (Fuel)   1st Class Paul Hryhorenko, the COMSERV leader for the event.
The trip to   Ning Po College was one of 14 COMSERV events George Washington Sailors   participated in during the port visit to Hong Kong.
Both the male and   female soccer teams, the male and female basketball teams, and the ships rugby   team were represented by volunteers for this COMSERV project.
This was   George Washington's first time visiting Hong Kong since Oct., 2009. As the   Navy's only full-time forward deployed aircraft carrier, George Washington's   mission is to help ensure security and stability in the western Pacific Ocean   and work with regional partners and allies of the United States.
This article was originally published at: http://www.c7f.navy.mil/news/2011/11-november/013.htm
-PACOM: (posted November 14, 2011)-
** Stay connected and engaged with us at Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , Flickr , and via our RSS feed **
Connect
