News & Events
Equity in Emergency Response - Meeting the needs of vulnerable populations
Every community is made up of diverse groups of residents with varied and sometimes complex everyday needs, which can quickly amplify during emergency or disaster events.  Public Health – Seattle & King County is working collaboratively with community partners to connect and communicate so that no one group is disproportionately affected in an emergency.   Read more .
CDC Releases "Public Health Emergency Response Guide for State, Local, and Tribal Public Health Directors - Version 2.0"
The Public Health Emergency Response Guide for State, Local, and Tribal Public Health Directors is an all-hazards reference tool for health professionals who are responsible for initiating the public health response during the first 24 hours (i.e., the acute phase) of an emergency or disaster. It provides useful information on the activation and integration of a jurisdiction’s public health system into the existing emergency response structure during the acute phase of an incident. It also contains guidance that is applicable to specific types of incidents, such as floods, earthquakes, and acts of terrorism.   Read more .
New Courses on Planning for Disaster-Related Risk and Functional Needs of People with Disabilities: offered by The University of Kansas Research and Training Center
The University of Kansas Research and Training Center on Independent Living (RTC/IL) and the Kansas Department of Health and Environment are pleased to announce the release of two new and free continuing education courses on the TRAIN Internet educational system (for Kansans https://ks.train.org, all others www.train.org).   One of the key concepts of FEMA’s “Whole Community” approach to emergency management is to understand and meet the true needs of the entire community.  Continuing education courses can assist and these two new courses are designed for trainers and non-trainers. For trainers, the core curriculum can be used and modified with local information to be taught to local targeted audiences.   Read more .
FCC Public Notice Regarding Obligation to Make Emergency Information Accessible to Persons with Hearing or Vision Disabilities Released
On June 17, 2011, the Commission issued a Public Notice reminding video programming distributors (VPDs) of their obligation to make emergency information accessible.  The FCC has rules in place to ensure that the critical details of emergency information shown on television are accessible to viewers with hearing or vision disabilities.   Read more .
FOURTH ANNUAL PACIFIC PREPAREDNESS CONFERENCE: Challenges for Practice, Policy and Public Health
September is National Preparedness Month!   Please join us on Friday, September 16, 2011 for the FOURTH ANNUAL PACIFIC PREPAREDNESS CONFERENCE: Challenges for Practice, Policy and Public Health at the Ala Moana Hotel, Honolulu, HI.   Read more .
Emergency Communications and People with Disabilities
Helena Mitchell and Frank Lucia, Wireless Emergency Communications (WEC) co-project directors, visited Washington, D.C. on April 25, 2011 for a series of meetings with FEMA (Office of Disability Integration and Coordination and IPAWS) and the FCC (Consumer and Governmental Affairs Bureau, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, and Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau). They presented findings and recommendations from field trials and focus groups which examined accessible Emergency Alert System (EAS) and Commercial Mobile Alert System (CMAS) alerts to wireless devices. The results were submitted to the FCC public record as Ex Parte comments in the open EAS and CMAS proceedings.   Read more .
Public Health Preparedness Capabilities: National Standards for State and Local Planning
One of the nation's key preparedness challenges has been determining appropriate state and local public health preparedness priorities. To assist state and local public health departments in their strategic planning, CDC developed 15 capabilities to serve as national public health preparedness standards.   Read more .
New tools alert residents Agencies send disaster notices via text and other e-methods  By Gordon Y.K. Pang
Text messages, emails and other electronic tools played key roles as Hawaii's civil defense agencies tried to get the word out quickly and accurately about last month's tsunami here generated by the earthquake off Japan, officials said.   Read more .
More EMPRINTS news ...
Disaster Life Support
Since 2008, Pacific EMPRINTS has been designated as the National Disaster Life Support Training Center-Pacific, one of only 35 regional centers in the U.S.
Course offerings include AMA-approved e-Basic Disaster Life Support (eBDLS), Basic Disaster Life Support (BDLS), Advanced Disaster Life Support (ADLS), and Advanced Disaster Life Support - Instructor (ADLS - Instructor) taught by Hawaii-based, AMA-certified instructors. 
A Natural Disasters Safety and Readiness Guide for Seniors in Hawaii
