Kaneohe, HI 96744
Hawai'i Pacific University
Hawai'i Pacific University (HPU) is a private, non-profit university in Hawai'i with a total of 8,200 students. Students are provided a rigorous and contemporary education with undergraduate degrees available in more than 50 acclaimed programs and graduate degrees available in 13 distinguished programs. Classes are offered on a variety of days during the week programs. Truly a global university, students at Hawai'i Pacific University hail from all 50 U.S. states and more than 100 countries around the world. The experienced faculty challenge students with an exciting integration of theory and practical application. Hawai'i Pacific University's goal is to provide students the knowledge and resources they need to become distinguished and productive leaders in their field of study, the local community, and throughout the world.
Hawai'i Pacific University is accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC). The College of Nursing and Health Sciences (BSN and MSN degrees) is approved by the Hawai'i Board of Nursing and accredited by the National League for Nursing Accrediting Commission (NLNAC). The College of Nursing and Health Sciences is a member of the American Association of Colleges of Nursing, the National League for Nursing, and the National Organization of Nurse Practitioner Faculties.
Hawai'i Pacific University combines the excitement of an urban downtown campus with the serenity of a traditional campus set in the green foothills of O'ahu's Ko'olau Mountains. The main campus is located in downtown Honolulu, the business and financial center of the Pacific. Eight miles away, situated on 135 acres in Kaneohe is the Hawai'i Loa campus. HPU is also affiliated with the Oceanic Institute, a 56 acre aquaculture research facility at Makapu'u Point.
College of Nursing and Health Sciences
The College of Nursing and Health Sciences at Hawai'i Pacific University is the largest Nursing Program in the state of Hawai'i, with more than 1,300 students in the baccalaureate and master's programs. HPU prides itself on maintaining small class sizes and providing individual attention to students. At HPU, students enjoy all of the technological and academic resources expected at a large university, delivered within the atmosphere of a small school.
HPU's Nursing Programs are built upon a strong foundation of liberal arts to prepare students to practice as professional nurses. HPU's liberally-educated baccalaureate nurse has the ability to analyze, think critically, and yet express the compassion needed in today's ever-changing health care environment. HPU's Nursing Programs focus on developing cultural competency so nurses are ready to serve in the multicultural environment of our global community.
The College of Nursing and Health Sciences' challenging curriculum and competent, caring faculty guide students in learning the skills and knowledge necessary to care for individuals of all ages, their families and their communities.
