Washington Honored for the 11th Time
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Shayla  Washington has been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s  Basketball Honor Roll for her play in the Seasiders’ single game last  week.  It is the 11th time Washington has been named to the honor roll  this season.
Hoffman Sets Assist Record as Seasiders Win
Laie,  HI—Freshman point guard Danyele Hoffman broke her own school record for  assists tonight as the Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s  basketball team defeated Dominican 94-74 tonight in a Pacific West  Conference game.  Hoffman handed out 11 assists in the first half as the  Seasiders built a 49-32 lead and finished with 15 as the team cruised  to its second straight win.
Washington and Mann Honored
Laie,  HI—Two Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball players have  been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s Basketball Honor Roll  for their play in the Seasiders’ two games last week.  Shayla Washington  and Taylor Mann were both given the honor by the conference office for  the Seasiders 1-1 record last week.
Seasiders Shoot Past Argonauts
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team used an  11-0 run early in the first half to turn a one-point deficit into a 15-5  lead and went on to defeat Notre Dame de Namur 74-55 tonight in a  Pacific West Conference game.  The Seasiders led 36-18 at halftime and  maintained a double-digit lead throughout the second half.
Seasiders Cut Down by Silverswords
Honolulu,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost on  the road tonight to Chaminade 68-59 in a Pacific West Conference game.  The Seasiders were plagued by cold shooting throughout the game,  shooting under 30 percent in both halves to finish at 27.7 percent for  the contest.
Washington Honored for Ninth Time
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Shayla  Washington has been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s  Basketball Honor Roll for her play in the Seasiders’ two games last  week.  It is Washington’s ninth time on the honor roll this season.
BYUH Defeated by Storm
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  conference power Dixie State tonight 89-72 in a Pacific West Conference  game.  The Seasiders held their own for the first 25 minutes but  ultimately fell to 3-15 for the season and 2-8 in the conference.
Seasiders Lose to Lancers
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  Cal Baptist tonight 71-59 in a Pacific West Conference game.  The  Seasiders were done in by 32 turnovers that helped the visiting Lancers  hold a 72-49 advantage in field goals attempted as BYU-Hawaii fell to  3-14 for the season and 2-7 in the conference.
Washington Nabs Player of the Week, Mann on Honor Roll
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Shayla  Washington has been named the Pacific West Conference Women’s Basketball  Player of the Week for her play in the Seasiders’ two games last week.  Additionally, Taylor Mann has been named to the PacWest Honor Roll for  her efforts in the Seasiders’ 1-1 record in conference play for the  week.
BYUH Loses to Nationally-Ranked GCU
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  nationally-ranked Grand Canyon tonight 74-51 in a Pacific West  Conference game.  The Seasiders shot just 35 percent from the field  in losing to the 11th-ranked Antelopes to fall to 3-13 for the season  and 2-6 in the conference.
Seasiders Down Penguins
San  Rafael, CA—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team  defeated Dominican tonight 78-71 in a Pacific West Conference road  game.  The Seasiders overcame an early nine-point deficit and 13 ties in  the game as they improved to 3-12 for the season and 2-5 in the  conference.
Three Women on PacWest Honor Roll
Laie,  HI—Three Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball players have  been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s Basketball Honor Roll  for their play in the Seasiders’ two games last week.  Danna Lynn  Hooper, Danyele Hoffman, and Shayla Washington were all singled out by  the conference office for their efforts in last week’s 1-1 record for  the Seasiders.
Seasiders Fall on Road
San  Francisco, CA—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball  team lost to Academy of Art tonight 92-51 in a Pacific West Conference  road game.  The Seasiders never led in the game as they fell to 2-12 for  the season and 1-5 in the conference.
Washington's 39 Points, Hoffman's 13 Assists Spark Win
Laie,  HI—Junior Shayla Washington exploded for 39 points and Danyele Hoffman  dished out a school-record 13 assists to lead the Brigham Young  University Hawaii women’s basketball team to a 70-67 win over Notre Dame  de Namur tonight in a Pacific West Conference road game.  Washington  went 14-21 from the field and 11-18 from the free throw line to help the  Seasiders improve to 2-11 for the season and 1-4 in the conference.
Hooper Honored
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Danna Lynn  Hooper has been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s Basketball  Honor Roll for her play in the Seasiders’ single game last week.  It is  Hooper’s first time on the honor roll this season.
Seasiders Lose to Urban Knights
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  Academy of Art tonight 88-75 in a Pacific West Conference game in Laie.  The Seasiders, now 1-11 for the season and 0-4 in the conference,  trailed 52-39 at the half and played the Urban Knights even in the  second half but could get no closer than seven points after the  intermission.
Seasiders Fall to Sea Warriors
Honolulu,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  Hawaii Pacific tonight 81-52 in a Pacific West Conference game in  Honolulu.  The Seasiders, now 1-10 for the season and 0-3 in the  conference, trailed by only four points, 35-31, at the half but shot  just 27.3 percent (6-22) in the second half to fall further behind.
Sixth Honor for Washington
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Shayla  Washington has been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s  Basketball Honor Roll for her play in the Seasiders’ single game last  week.  It is Washington’s sixth time on the honor roll this season.
Seasiders Fall to Vulcans
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  UH-Hilo tonight 72-59 in a Pacific West Conference game at the Cannon  Activities Center.  The Seasiders, now 1-9 for the season and 0-2 in the  conference, trailed by only five points, 38-33, at the half but shot  just 24.1 percent (7-29) in the second half to dash any hopes of a  comeback.
Three Seasiders on Honor Roll
Laie,  HI—Three Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball players have  been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s Basketball Honor Roll  for their play in the Seasiders’ single game last week.  Brianna  Jessop, Taylor Mann, and Shayla Washington were all recognized by the  conference for their play against Montana State-Billings.
Seasiders Stung by Yellowjackets
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  Montana State-Billings tonight 67-54 in a non-conference game at the  Cannon Activities Center.  The Seasiders, now 1-8 for the season,  trailed by 16, 35-19, at the half due to 24 percent (6-25) shooting, cut  the deficit to just three points, 42-39, midway through the second  half, but could not sustain the comeback.
Washington Honored for Fourth Time
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Shayla  Washington has been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s  Basketball Honor Roll for her play in the Seasiders’ single game last  week.  It is the fourth such honor is as many weeks for Washington.
Mann Sets Record in Loss
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  Western Oregon tonight 86-69 in a non-conference game at the Cannon  Activities Center.  The Seasiders, now 1-7 for the season, could not  overcome 31 turnovers and seven first-half three-pointers by the  visiting Wolves.
Third Honor for Washington
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Shayla  Washington has been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s  Basketball Honor Roll for her play in three games last week.  It is the  third such honor is as many weeks for Washington.
Women Pick Up First Win
Ellensburg,  WA—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team picked  up its first win of the season tonight, defeating Central Washington  69-63 on the road in a non-conference game.  The Seasiders, who lost by  15 to the Wildcats last night, overcame an early ten point deficit to  improve to 1-6 for the year.
Seasiders Lose to Central Washington
Ellensburg,  WA—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  Central Washington tonight 85-70 on the road in a non-conference game.  The Seasiders fell behind 38-30 at the half and trailed by double digits  most of the second half as they fell to 0-6 for the year.
Vulcans Defeat Seasiders to Open Conference Play
Hilo,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost to  UH-Hilo tonight 58-42 on the road in an early-season Pacific West  Conference game.  The Seasiders fell behind early, trailing 34-27 at  halftime and scored just 15 points in the second half as they fell to  0-5 for the year and 0-1 in the conference.
Washington Honored Again
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Shayla  Washington has been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s  Basketball Honor Roll for her play in two games last week.  It is the  second such honor is as many weeks for Washington.
Seasiders Hang Tough Against Arizona
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team put up a  tough battle today against Division I Arizona before losing 78-61 in the  final game of the Hukilau Invitational.  The Seasiders played their  best game of the season against the Wildcats as they fell to 0-4 for the  year.
Seasiders Mauled by Cougars
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team suffered  its worst defeat ever today, losing to BYU 88-27 in the opening game of  the Hukilau Invitational.  The Seasiders set a number of unwanted  records as they fell to 0-3 for the year.
Washington Earns PacWest Honor
Laie,  HI—Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball player Shayla  Washington has been named to the Pacific West Conference Women’s  Basketball Honor Roll for her play in two games last week.  Washington  is the first Seasider honored this season in women’s basketball.
Seasiders Fall to Northern Kentucky
Honolulu,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost its  second game of the season today, falling to Northern Kentucky 66-44 as  part of the Oahu Classic.  The Seasiders were down just five points at  the half, 26-21, but shot just 27.3 percent (6-22) in the second half as  they fell to 0-2 for the year.
Seasiders Lose Opener
Honolulu,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost its  opening game of the season today, falling to Lewis University (IL) 81-62  as part of the Oahu Classic.  The Seasiders were down just four points  at the half, 36-32, but fell victim to too many turnovers as they start  the season 0-1.
Women Fall to China
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost its  third exhibition game of the season tonight by falling to Beijing  University 97-84 as part of the American Money Group Asia-Pacific  Tournament.  The Seasiders trailed 58-40 at halftime but did cut the  lead briefly to eight points in the second half before falling back.
Seasiders Fall at UH
Honolulu,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team lost its  second exhibition game of the season tonight by falling to Hawaii  83-46.  The Seasiders trailed by 35-17 at halftime shot just 34.5  percent from the field for the game.
Seasiders Lose Exhibition Opener
Laie,  HI—The Brigham Young University Hawaii women’s basketball team opened  the exhibition season tonight by falling to D-One 76-67.  The Seasiders  trailed by just a point at halftime, 36-35, and held the lead several  times in the second half before falling short at the end.
