Answer from Muthusamy
Pacific Western University (Hawaii) was the name of a university which was closed in 2006
Pacific Western University (Hawaii) was the name of a university which was closed in 2006 following a law suit filed by the State of Hawaii a year earlier. The State of Hawaii has taken legal action against more than 66 such unaccredited schools since the year 2000.
Pacific Western University (Hawaii) was not accredited by any accreditation body recognized by the United States Department of Education.  As such, its degrees and credits might not be acceptable to employers or other institutions, and use of PWU (Hawaii) degree titles may be restricted or illegal in some jurisdictions.
PWU (Hawaii) and PWU (California) were once owned and operated by the same party. According to Inside Higher Ed, Pacific Western University (California) was sold and operated under new administration and faculty since 2004. The article said PWU (California) and PWU (Hawaii) were no longer associated after the 2004 ownership change. PWU (Hawaii) is also linked to American PacWest International University.
PWU (California) has since changed its name to California Miramar University (CMU). On June 6, 2009, California Miramar University earned DETC accreditation. DETC is recognized by CHEA and the United States Department of Education as an official accrediting body.
[edit] Notable alumni
The following are among the notable people who hold degrees from Pacific Western University. It is unclear if these alumni are from Pacific Western University (California), from Pacific Western University (Hawaii) or from PWU before the Hawaii campus was established. CMU alumni would only hold degrees in the disciplines in the degree programs section of this article listed above. CMU does not currently offer doctorate degree programs.
* Jun Tang - president and Chief Executive Officer in Xin Hua Du Industrial Group Co., former CEO of SHANDA and Microsoft China[Claimed by Tang himself in an interview, verifying reference requested].
