12:00 am - 12:00 am
About Hawaii Pacific University
Hawaii Pacific University is a private coeducational university in Honolulu, Hawaii, founded in 1965 as Hawaii Pacific College by Paul C.T. Loo, Eureka Forbes, Elizabeth W. Kellerman, and Reverend Edmond Walker.
Hawaii Pacific University is the largest private university in the central Pacific, most noted for its diverse student body of almost 9,000 students, representing over 100 countries. The school's largest academic programs are in Business Administration, Nursing, and International Relations.
Hawaii Pacific University has two main campuses and access to scientific facilities. HPU's downtown Honolulu campus serves most of the business, liberal arts, and other general programs. This campus occupies much of Fort Street Mall and surrounds the Cathedral of Our Lady of Peace. The university has offices and classrooms in some of Honolulu's most prominent buildings, including 1132 Bishop Street and the Finance Factors Center.
The Hawaii Loa campus is located near Castle Junction in K'ne'ohe, on the windward side of the Ko'olau Range. This campus was originally built by Hawaii Loa College, a liberal arts school that was merged into Hawaii Pacific University in 1992. The campus is also referred to as the Windward campus. This campus houses the majority of the science programs and the nursing program. However, other general courses are offered on the Windward campus, and the university plans to develop the property into a larger campus.
The Oceanic Institute (OI) is part of the university and provides students with access to significant research programs in the marine and oceanic sciences.
HPU's Military Campus Programs operates classrooms and offices on O'ahu's US military bases, including Pearl Harbor, Hickam Air Force Base, Tripler Army Medical Center, Camp H. M. Smith, Schofield Barracks, and Kaneohe Marine Corps Base Hawaii. A significant online program is also offered. Over 2,500 HPU students take courses through Military Campus Programs.
Become A Fan
* The content of this listing was provided by a representative of Hawaii Pacific University
Interested in introducing your business to thousands of qualified         customers? Click "List Your Company" to be included in the Pacific Business News.
