Kapiolani Deaf Center
The Kapiolani Deaf Center (KDC)
The Kapiolani Deaf Center (KDC), along with the Gallaudet University Regional Center and the Intensive Preparatory Program for Deaf and Hard of Hearing, provides services for KCC students and other members of the deaf community in Hawaii and the Pacific Rim.
Eligibility
Students who are deaf or hard of hearing
Educational Interpreters and Assistants students. For more information, see "Educational Interpreters and Assistants Project" under the Related Links section.
Families with deaf or hard of hearing members
Professionals working with deaf and hard of hearing
Students and community members interested in deaf issues or deaf awareness
Deaf and hard of hearing populations of the Pacific Rim
KDC Services
Assistance in completing the UH System Admissions Forms and Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). For more information, see the Related Links section.
Student orientation and registration assistance
Academic, personal, and career counseling by a counselor fluent in American Sign Language
Tutors
Interpreters
Computer Assisted Notetakers (CAN) who use computers to transcribe lectures and communicate with instructors and hearing peers in a classroom setting
Notetakers or scribes who handwrite class notes for deaf or hard of hearing students
Training for those who are interested in becoming interpreters and assistants to the deaf and hard of hearing
The Intensive Preparatory Program for Deaf and Hard of Hearing
The Intensive Preparatory Program is a comprehensive immersion program that exposes deaf students to various experiences and concepts while improving and increasing their language abilities. The program emphasizes respect for the deaf student's culture and language in order to increase self-esteem and, consequently, increase motivation to study and learn. The program includes:
Fundamental English intensive courses taught in American Sign Language
Academic counseling in American Sign Language
For more information, see "Intensive Preparatory Program" under the Related Links section.
The Educational Interpreters and Assistants (EIA) Project
The EIA Project prepares students to become effective professionals in the public school setting, thereby increasing the number of Educational Interpreters (EI) and Educational Assistants (EA) who are qualified to work with deaf and hard of hearing children in Hawaii. The project offers two associate in science (AS) degrees. Both will prepare you to work in the K-12 classroom with deaf and hard of hearing students.
AS degree, Educational Paraprofessional, with a specialization in Deaf and Hard of Hearing
AS degree, Educational Paraprofessional, with a specialization in Special Education
For more information, see "Educational Interpreters and Assistants Project" under the Related Links section.
Related Links
