Hawaii Pacific University
Hawaii Pacific University
Hawaii Pacific University was established in 1965, and is a private university located in Honolulu, Hawaii. The university has more than 8,000 students from nearly 100 countries. The largest academic programs of the college are in International Relations and Business Administration. The university has two major campuses - the downtown Honolulu campus and Hawaii Loa campus.
The sports teams of the university are known as the Sea Warriors. The college has men’s and women’s teams in tennis, soccer, cross country and basketball. Major League Baseball outfielder Benny Agbayani and economist Daniel Brackins are notable alumni of the university.
Overview of Hawaii Pacific University
Hawaii Pacific is found in Honolulu, HI. Honolulu is a large city. The school is a private, not-for-profit institution. Students can earn degrees up to and including the Post-Master's certificate at Hawaii Pacific.
Areas of Study
The school has a greater breadth of degree programs (majors) than most colleges of its size. Hawaii Pacific is known for its programs in media, business and management, and computer science and engineering.
Hawaii Pacific Selectivity
Admission to the school is not automatic; not everyone who applies gets in. Three quarters of students in 2007-2008 had SAT verbal scores of at least 420. Half of math SAT scores of accepted students fell between 430 and 570.
Faculty
The school has a tenure system for senior faculty.
Student Body
Students numbered 7,943 in 2007-2008 at Hawaii Pacific. The school has a large minority student population.
Student Life
Hawaii Pacific offers students meal plans. The school values student athletics, and belongs to the Division II Independents.
The school reports its educational mission is:
"Hawai'i Pacific University is an international learning community set in the rich cultural context of Hawai'i. Students from around the world join us for an American education built on a liberal arts foundation. Our innovative undergraduate and graduate programs anticipate the changing needs of the community and prepare our graduates to live, work, and learn as active members of a global society."
More complete details are provided below.
Contacting Hawaii Pacific
1164 Bishop St., Suite 216
Honolulu, HI 96813
