Lahaina Education Center
Mission
The mission of the University of Hawaiʻi system is to provide quality college and university education and training; create knowledge through research and scholarship; provide service through extension, technical assistance, and training; contribute to the cultural heritage of the community; and respond to state needs. The campuses, organized under one board, differentially emphasize instruction, research, and service. The system's special distinction is found in its Hawaiian, Asian, and Pacific orientation and international leadership role. Common values bind the system together: aloha; academic freedom and intellectual vigor; institutional integrity and service; quality and opportunity; diversity, fairness, and equity; collaboration and respect; and accountability and fiscal integrity.
Statistics
In the entire University of Hawaiʻi system, there are approximately 50,317 students of which 44,122 are undergraduates. On average, the student body is 42% male and 58% female. 20% are Caucasian , 20% are Japanese , 15% are Filipino , 13% are Hawaiian or part Hawaiian and 32% are from other ethnicities. 89% of the professors reside in Hawaii while 6% are from the United States mainland. A total of 616 programs are offered throughout the University of Hawaiʻi system with 123 devoted for bachelor's degrees, 92 for master's degrees, 53 for doctoral degrees, 3 for first professional degrees, 4 for post baccalaureate degrees, 115 for associate's degrees and various other certifications.[ citation needed ]
University seal
The University seal contains a torch and a book titled Mālamalama (the light of knowledge) in the center of a circular map of the Pacific, surrounded by the state motto, Ua mau ke ea o ka ʻāina i ka pono ("The life of the land is perpetuated in (by) righteousness".) The University motto, inscribed in both the Hawaiian and English languages on Founders' Gate at the Mānoa campus is Ma luna aʻe o nā lāhui a pau ke ola o ke kanaka ("Above all nations is humanity").
Board of Regents [5]
Student regents
The University's governing board includes a current student appointed by the Governor of Hawaii to serve a two-year term as a full voting regent. The practice of appointing a student to the Board was approved by the Hawaii State Legislature in 1997.
Notable alumni
Main article: List of University of Hawaii alumni
Alumni of the University of Hawaii system has many notable alumni in various walks of life. Senator Daniel Inouye and Tammi Duckworth both are veterans of the US military who were injured during in the line of duty then later entered government service. Bette Midler and Georgia Engle are successful entertainers on the national stage. President Barack Obama's parents, Barack Obama, Sr. , and S. Ann Dunham , and half-sister, Maya Soetoro-Ng , also earned degrees from the Mānoa campus, where his parents met in a Russian language class. His mother earned three degrees from the University of Hawaii including a Ph. D. in anthropology.
Notable faculty
Main article: List of University of Hawaii faculty
The University of Hawaii system has had many faculty members of note. Many were visiting faculty or came after they won major awards like Nobel Laureate Dr. Georg von Békésy . Dr. Ryuzo Yanagimachi , principal investigator of the research group that developed a method of cloning from adult animal cells, is still on the faculty.
See also
