Manage your own alumni directory information.
Find friends and network with other registered alumni.
Talk Story
Share your favorite HPU memories. We want to learn more about your career successes and how HPU was instrumental. (Coming soon)
Events
Reconnect with your classmates or make new relationships with other Sea Warriors in your area by attending one of the many fun and exciting HPU or HPU Alumni Events that are happening across the globe.
Job Board
Search for career opportunities being offered to HPU alumni by HPU alumni. (Coming soon)
Academic News
Receive updates about new HPU programs, degrees, accreditations, and other academic events. (Coming soon)
HPU Alumni in the News
Hear about your colleagues and classmates who have been making waves around the world. Is your story in the news missing from this section? Let us know if you, or an HPU alumnus, are in the news. (Coming soon)
Update of Directory Information
Build and strengthen the network’s content by keeping your contact and career information current.
Secure Login & Password Recovery
Password recovery and firewall-protected information for the HPU Alumni Networking portal.
Contact HPU
Communicate with HPU Alumni staff by phone or e-mail.
Donations
Return your gratitude and help pave the way for future graduates with a financial contribution
Last updated September 30, 2011
THE ALUMNI INSURANCE PROGRAM
The HPU Alumni Insurance Program is a convenient source for health, life and travel insurance for alumni and their family members.  There are a variety of plans available to meet your needs, including GradMed® short-term health insurance – great for new grads and other alumni seeking temporary coverage. Get more information on these insurance plans by clicking here or 800-922-1245 weekdays, 8 am – 6 pm, Eastern Time.
 
ALUMNI REFERRAL PROGRAM
Refer an Alum and Enter to Win an iPad!
Many of our alumni are not aware of the HPU Alumni Online Community, and we need your help spreading the word. As a thank you - and to add some fun - any alumnus who refers other alumni to register for the Portal will be eligible to win an iPad in a bimonthly drawing. Your name will be entered into the drawing every time a friend signs up for the Portal. The more friends you refer, the better your chances are of winning! To enter our final drawing, register by June 30, 2012. Limit one prize per person.
