Graduate Programs
Master of Business Administration (MBA) program provides graduates the opportunity to get ahead in today’s global market. The MBA program offers concentrations in accounting, corporate communications, economics, finance, human resource management, international business, management, marketing, information systems, e-business, and travel industry management. A minimum of forty-five semester hours of graduate work is required for the MBA program. Prerequisite study in business subjects may be required.
The Master of Science in Information Systems (M.S.I.S.) is designed to create a generation of problem solvers and decision-makers who are experts in the areas of information technology, systems design, and strategic planning. Students lacking a background in the technical, scientific, and analytical realms are required to complete selected prerequisites to fully prepare for the program. Thirty-six semester hours of graduate work are required to complete the program.
The Master of Arts in Human Resource Management (M.A./HRM) program emphasizes the study and practices of human relations and managing personnel. An array of multidisciplinary areas are examined including human resource planning, recruitment and selection, compensation management and benefits, human resource development, labor-management relations, employment law, safety and health, and global perspective on human resources. Some undergraduate prerequisites may be required. The program requires completion of 42 semester hours of graduate work.
The Master of Arts in Global Leadership and Sustainable Development (M.A./GL) is designed to prepare students to become leaders in all types of organizations that include multinational, governmental, and non-profit organizations. Courses include Comparative Management Systems, Global Markets in Transition, International Business Management, and Systems Management. Some prerequisites may be required. Forty-two hours of graduate work are required to complete the program.
The Master of Arts in Organizational Change (M.A./OC) emphasizes the management, design, implementation, and application of organizational change. Courses include Organizational Change and Development, National and Community Change and Development, Culture and Human Organization, and Organizational Behavior. Some prerequisite courses may be required. Forty-two hours of graduate work are required to complete the program.
The Master of Science in Nursing (M.S.N.) offers concentrations for those interested in becoming family nurse practitioners or community-based health clinical nurse specialists. Students who are registered nurses (RN) but lack a Bachelor of Science in Nursing may enter the RN to MSN Pathway. Forty-two semester hours are required to complete the M.S.N. with a clinical nurse specialist concentration, and 48 semester hours are required to complete the M.S.N. with a clinical nurse specialist educator option and family nurse practitioner concentration.
The Master of Arts in Communication (M.A./COM) is designed to prepare students for careers in business communication, marketing, advertising, mass media, public relations, entertainment, broadcast or print journalism, sales, the Internet, writing, or education. Some prerequisite courses may be required. Thirty-nine hours of graduate work are required to complete the program.
The Master of Arts in Teaching English as a Second Language (M.A.T.E.S.L.) requires 37 semester hours of graduate work. Courses include English Phonology and the Teaching of Pronunciation, English Syntax and the Teaching of Grammar, and Methods of Teaching Oral/Aural English. Some prerequisite courses may be required.
Master of Education in Secondary Education (M.Ed.) program develops professional educators who are reflective practitioners dedicated to the scholarship of teaching and school renewal. The program is based on an innovative, standards-driven, field-based curriculum that employs cutting-edge educational technology to integrate content and pedagogy.  The M.Ed. program requires a minimum of 41 semester hours of graduate work.
The Master of Arts in Diplomacy and Military Studies (M.A./DMS) explores the complex relationships of politics, society, and the military. The M.A./DMS degree is useful for those who are professional military officers or work in government positions. Some prerequisites may be required. The M.A./DMS program requires 42 hours of graduate work.
Master of Social Work (MSW) program is built on a foundation of liberal arts and is committed to the preparation of professional social work practitioners who take pride in their careers. The program prepares social workers to become effective cross-cultural practitioners by focusing on direct planning, administration, and community practice.  The M.S.W program requires 58 semester hours of graduate work.
The Faculty
