Argosy University-Hawaii School Images
Argosy University-Hawaii          Academics
Argosy University has over 30 years of experience granting degrees in professional psychology. Its curriculum focuses on developing interpersonal skills and practical experience through academic learning.
Argosy University-Hawai’i offers professional certificates, programs, and doctoral, master’s, and bachelor’s degrees in the College of Psychology and Behavioral Sciences: Psychology (BA), Clinical Psychology (PsyD), Counseling Psychology (EdD), Clinical Psychology (MA), Psychopharmacology (MS), School Psychology (MA); College of Education: Educational Leadership (EdD), Instructional Leadership (EdD), Adult Education & Training (MAEd); College of Business: Business Administration (BS), Business Administration (DBA), Business Administration (MBA), Management (MSM); and College of Health Sciences: Organizational Leadership (EdD) and Marriage & Family Therapy (MA).
Argosy University-Hawai’i is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission (HLC).
Most Popular Fields of Study
The top 5 fields of study completed at Argosy University-Hawaii.
» See more detail
Argosy University-Hawaii          Admissions
Argosy University-Hawai’i operates on a rolling admissions process and its academic year is split into three terms: Fall, Spring and Summer, with each term being split again into Session I and Session II.
Argosy University-Hawai’i will take into consideration students’ previous educational records and future career interests when they apply for enrollment.
Financial Aid
A variety of financial aid options are available at Argosy University-Hawai’i, including scholarships, grants, loans, and employment opportunities. Financial aid is available for those who qualify.
Argosy University-Hawai’i also offers two types of payment options, in addition to support received by financial aid. Students can pay for tuition in-full at the time of enrollment, or opt for monthly payments (due on the 15th of each month).
Student Financial Aid Details
How many students use Financial Aid, and how much do they use?
Argosy University-Hawaii 1821st for the average student loan amount.
Secrets to getting the best Hawaii scholarships and financial aid
Effective as of 2010-09-21
» See more detail
Argosy University-Hawaii          Students
The Argosy University-Hawai’i campus is located in Honolulu on the island of Oahu, with satellite sites on Maui and in Hilo on the Island of Hawai’i, and students enjoy all the cultural and recreational opportunities that these locations provide.
Argosy University-Hawai’i offers relatively small classroom sizes, compared to traditional universities.
Argosy University- Hawai’i offers a range of personal and professional opportunities designed to support their educational programs and students’ learning needs, which include student government associations, lecture/workshop series, special-interest groups, and common hours.
Argosy University- Hawai’i also offers undergraduate-faculty tutors and student tutors at no charge in order to provide support and help with classes. The school offers counseling services, which includes short-term counseling and consultation. There is also an option for health insurance, provided by an outside agency.
Argosy University- Hawai’i offers a variety of flexible learning formats, which include evening, weekend and online courses and are designed to fit students’ busy work schedules. Students can take all their courses at the Argosy University-Hawai’i campus, or blend their program with a selection of online courses.
Student Enrollment Demographics
