In Hawaii Call: 808-597-5550 or Toll Free: 1-866-382-8888
1314 South King St., 2nd Floor, Honolulu, HI 96814
Connect With Us
Hawaii real estate information and all other Hawaii home and condo information contained in this web site is provided to you by Coldwell Banker Pacific Properties (CBP). CBP is a full-service real estate company in Hawaii with offices in Honolulu, Waikiki, Kailua, Kahala (East Oahu), and Aiea (West Oahu). Our realtors represent home buyers and sellers on Hawaii residential properties such as single-family homes, townhouses, and condominiums on Oahu as well as Kauai, Maui, and the Big Island of Hawaii. This online resource contains data not only from CBP and its realtors but also outside sources such as Hawaii MLS (multiple listing service). Hawaii MLS data provides information on homes for sale on Oahu featuring properties from a variety of areas including premium beach front, resort, and waterfront real estate properties and such locations as Honolulu, Waikiki, Diamond Head, Kahala, Hawaii Kai, Hawaii Loa Ridge, Waialae Iki, Kailua, Kaneohe, Mililani, Kapolei, Ewa, Ko Olina, North Shore, and Portlock. Hawaii MLS also features real property listings on Kauai, Maui, and the Big Island of Hawaii. Some of the active listings appearing on this site may be listed by other REALTORS®. If you are interested in those active listings, our company may represent you as the buyer's agent. If the active listing you are interested in is our company’s active listing, you may speak to one of our agents regarding your options for representation. CBP realtors can help you find your dream home or an investment property that is right for you. Luxury beach front homes, luxury condos, and luxury golf course homes are a specialty of our Oahu real estate team. Additionally, they can help you list your property using innovative and exclusive marketing tools. CBP can also provide you with services such as residential and corporate relocation, a concierge program to make your home buying or selling experience a smooth one, as well as other real estate transaction services such as home loan financing and real estate settlement services.
©2012 Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® is a registered trademark licensed to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC.
An Equal Opportunity Company. Equal Housing Opportunity. Each Coldwell Banker Pacific Properties Office Is Owned And Operated by NRT LLC.
