Tony Dow, "Exploit Development"
Come see a circus act of exploit development!  No PowerPoints, prepare for nonstop action packed demos!!  Bring your evil thinking caps and ask lots of questions.  The only way to write safer code is to understand how it could be exploited. (Read More)
Gamification Anatomy: What, Why, Who, and How
Gamification is becoming increasingly popular among start-ups as well as established industry leaders. It is an ancient concept that is receiving new attention with the rise of social networks and new media. Gamification can change the way we shop, exercise, donate, travel, educate and interact with everything around us. In this free public seminar sponsored by UH Outreach College, find out what is it exactly, why it matters, who is it for and how it works. (Read More)
Startup Weekend, April 27-29, 2012
No talk, all action.  Launch a startup in 54 hours.  Startup weekend is an intense 54 hour event which focuses on building a web or mobile application which could form the basis of a credible business over the course of a weekend.  The weekend brings together people with different skillsets, primarily software developers, graphic designers, and business people, to build applications and develop a commercial case around them. (Read More)
Wetware Wednesday, May 23 , 2012
WetWare Wednesday is a free networking event open to individuals in the software industry. This is a chance for software professionals to connect, network, discuss projects, review products and collaborate. It is also a networking opportunity for professors and students to connect with industry professionals. (Read More)
About ICS
The Department of Information and Computer Sciences is part of               the College               of Natural Sciences at the University of Hawai'i at Manoa .
 
ICS offers six degrees:  a BA in Information and Computer Sciences ,  a BS in Computer Science ,  an MS in Information and Computer Sciences ,  an MLISc in Library and Information Science ,  a PhD in Computer Science , and  an interdisciplinary PhD in Communication and Information Sciences .
 
The department has over 30 faculty members who conduct research in areas including: algorithms, artificial intelligence, robotics, biomedical informatics and bioinformatics, computational neuroscience, computer vision, databases, high performance computing, human-computer interaction, library and information science, machine learning, mathematical finance, mobile and ubiquitous computing, renewable energy, security and information assurance, and software engineering.
 
Information and Computer Sciences Department
Pacific Ocean Science and Technology (POST) Building, Room 317 •     1680 East-West Road • Honolulu, HI 96822
Voice: (808) 956-7420 • Fax: (808) 956-3548 • Email: icsinfo@hawaii.edu
