Hawaii Pacific University Graduation Announcements and HPU Memorabilia
Located in Honolulu, HI, the Hawaii Pacific University (HPU) revels in the art and culture of Honolulu, HI. The community is extremely proud of each Hawaii Pacific University graduating student. Hawaii Pacific University sees many of the same students who continue to pursue multiple degrees.
Signature Announcements wants your experiences at college to be remembered in style with Hand-Sculpted Foil-Stamped, Hawaii Pacific University Graduation Announcements. Gathering friends and family together to celebrate your degree brings an overwhelming feeling of personal accomplishment.
Our platinum style Hawaii Pacific University Graduation Announcements have been exclusively designed for you. If you are looking for a Graduation Invitation recognizing your degree, you will not find it being sold anywhere on the HPU campus. Signature offers YOU your exclusive college announcement design at an affordable price.
Our announcements are the finest quality you can find. From our Professional Platinum Tri-Panel Graduation Announcements, to the Elegant Style Graduation Announcements, to the simple and clean Economy Graduation Cards, you will see that your "once-in-a-lifetime" event demands the highest level of quality and the most professional announcements available. Hawaii Pacific University graduation invitations and graduation keepsake covers are also available to remember your special day.  We at Signature want you to remember the memories and determination you achieved to reach this special day. You've earned a degree of distinction and we look forward to providing you with a Signature Announcement that will recognize your outstanding achievement.
Platinum Hawaii Pacific University Graduation Announcements
Our Professional Platinum Tri-Panel Hawaii Pacific University  Graduation Announcement actually opens both up (top panel with our hand-sculpted, foil seal in Hawaii Pacific University's school colors), and down.  Our Platinum Style Graduation Announcements have been ordered by 100,000's of graduating  students.
 
Our distinct, museum-quality Hawaii Pacific University diploma frames are crafted with the finest of detail. Every frame is professionally finished and hand-assembled to precise specifications. Each Diploma Frame is custom-sized to exactly fit your HPU diploma.
 
Elegant Style Hawaii Pacific University Graduation Announcements
Our Elegant Style HPU Graduation Announcements are printed on a Fold-Over, Heavy Linen Card with Hawaii Pacific University colors. Our custom seal FOIL STAMPED and EMBOSSED in Hawaii Pacific University school colors in the upper left corner in full color, and your custom text in the bottom right in the Hawaii Pacific University  colors.
 
Hawaii Pacific University Return Address Labels
We print your Return Address on Self-Adhesive labels that match the font style of your announcements and the color of your envelopes.  These Envelope Labels will save you several hours of time and make your announcements look professional when you mail them out.
 
Hawaii Pacific University Keepsake Announcement Covers
The Keepsake Announcement Cover is made of heavy linen card stock that matches your Graduation Cards. This is a decorative way to protect and display one of your announcements. Parents and Grandparents often like to keep one of your announcements in a hope chest or memorabilia box.
Place your order at our website today and save $$$!
Signature Announcements is one of the premier sources for your graduation. Our goal is to make your experience easy and memorable. Quality and customer service are our top priorities!
 
