Roger Fong
Center Director
Roger was born and raised in Panama City, Panama. He has lived in Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, Boston, Amsterdam, Paris, Luzern and now proudly calls Hawaii home. A graduate from the California State University system as well as having attended the Sorbonne and the University of Paris, Roger has been in the ESL world since 1993. He enjoys spending his weekends trying to find the most authentic "Latino" cuisine on the island.
Maria Levy
Academic Director
Maria is a graduate of the University of Hawaii. Originally from Germany, Maria has been living in Hawaii for over ten years. She enjoys teaching English as well as learning about languages from around the world.
Ivan Lui
International Student Advisor
Ivan Lui began with ELS in 2008 when the Honolulu Center opened. As International Student Advisor he plans and leads activities, teaches, college counsels and is a Designated School Official.  Ivan enjoys board games, biking, recycling and Hawai’i.  He is not fond of huge dogs and watching sports.
Cibele Randall
Registrar
Cibele is the Registrar for ELS Honolulu. She is originally from Brasilia, Brazil and the second of three daughters. She moved to the US in 2006 and was recently married and has a newborn daughter. Her degree is in Business Administration and she enjoys cooking and baking. She also likes to watch cooking shows as this gives her fresh new ideas of things to make for her friends and family.
Ashlee Esteban
Housing Coordinator
Ashlee is from Kahalu’u, Hawaii and attended the University of Hawaii, as well as Kyungpook National University and SoonChunHyang University in South Korea. Along with spending time at the beach with her 13 year old yellow Labrador Retriever, she enjoys traveling around Asia and goes at least once a year.
Wen-Pei (Beryl) Lin
May 15, 2009
I’ve been in ELS Honolulu for almost three months, and I discovered my English ability has improved a lot. The reason why I came to ELS Honolulu is to prepare for entering HPU, and I found it is really helpful. For example, classes like structure and speaking, research writing, TOEFL, etc. Most importantly I’ve learned the up-dated US college information and enjoy the diverse culture in Hawaii. Experiencing all these new ideas, I gradually noticed that the experience has broadened my global perspective and the aspect of critical thinking. Mahalo to all instructors and staff in ELS Honolulu.
- Wen-Pei (Beryl) Lin
Quynh Dao
May 15, 2009
This is my first time being an ELS student. I really enjoy all the activities, food, and the most, studying English here. ELS is a good environment where there are students from all over the world. It is an “Ohana” for us when we need a support or any help. I’m glad to be here, and to be a member of ELS.
Ya-wen Huang , Taiwan
May 15, 2009
I have been here at ELS one session and this is my first time studying abroad.  My English has improved and I think the teachers, activities and the enthusiasm really help a lot.  I live in Waikiki, student dorm, which is closed to the beach.  Therefore, I surf every day.  Surfing is my favorite activity and I really enjoy studying and living in Honolulu, Hawaii.  I have so happy that I have the opportunity to study at ELS.  The staff of ELS really helped me a lot and they are really kind and friendly.  Anyway, I enjoy studying at ELS, and they become my family.
Romulo Consentino, Brazil
May 15, 2009
My name is Romulo Consentino I am 26 years old and I am from Brazil.  I am living in Hawaii and here I can study during the week and surf during my weekends.  I started a study English last year in Europe and now I came to Hawaii to improve my English in Hawaii Pacific University (ELS Course).  After finish my English course, I want to be ready to do a master in my graduation area, International Business.
I hope when I come back to Brazil I will get a nice job.
