Articles about Schools
Hawaii Pacific University in Honolulu, HI
Hawaii Pacific University is located in Honolulu, HI, and is a not-for-profit, private institution. The university offers over 50 undergraduate degree programs and 13 master's degree programs.
About Hawaii Pacific University
Since its founding in 1965, enrollment has grown to more than 8,000 students. The university was named a best western college by The Princeton Review in its 2011 rankings. The university is a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division II school and offers multiple sports for men and women. The university's mascot is Sharky the Sea Warrior.
Hawaii Pacific University has four different colleges, two of which are on the Honolulu campus. The campus also houses six buildings that include up-to-date technology and various accommodations for studying. In addition to traditional bachelor's and master's degrees, the school offers undergraduate and graduate certificates in a variety of fields.
Colleges of Hawaii Pacific University
College of Business Administration
The College of Business Administration prepares students for dynamic business environments. The focus of the college is to assist students in perfecting their reasoning and interaction skills. The college maintains the Department of Management and Marketing and the Department of Financial Economic and Information Systems.
Undergraduate majors include computer information systems, economics, public administration and other business-related fields. Students may also earn a Master of Business Administration, a Master of Arts or a Master of Science degree in many areas. Undergraduate and graduate certificate programs are available in several fields, such as human resource management, electronic commerce, insurance and software engineering.
College of Humanities and Social Sciences
The College of Humanities and Social Sciences features two schools and seven departments. In the School of Education, students can earn a bachelor's degree in elementary education, professional certificates or a master's degree in elementary or secondary education. The School of Social Work offers bachelor's and master's degree programs in social work. The communication department includes degree programs in journalism, communication and multimedia.
The Department of International Studies includes studies in anthropology, language, international studies, political science, international relations and Asian studies. The department also offers graduate certificate programs. Also, included within the college are the departments of sociology and legal studies, English, arts and humanities, history and psychology.
Related to Hawaii Pacific University in Honolulu, HI
Related
