TUITION: (2010-11) $12,600. Housing: $11,094.
Applicants may also submit their application online at www.hpu.edu and www.embark.com
The HPU student body is culturally diverse with representatives from all 50 states and more than 100 countries. Academic programs combine practice, theory and the skills needed in modern career fields. Students learn to implement the latest developments in computer technology, business simulations, communications theory, strategic planning, nursing, diplomacy and military studies. Graduates are well prepared for success in today's rapidly changing marketplace.
The average age of graduate students at Hawaii Pacific University is 31 years. In various courses throughout the program, students are formed into teams to solve problems collectively and to achieve a better understanding of group dynamics and challenges, while producing specific desired results. Hands-on experience is gained through internships with leading Honolulu corporations. For example, students work in accounting, human resource management and marketing internships, to name but a few.
Honolulu's leading corporations sponsor students for internships, many of which eventually result in offers of full-time employment. Senior executives of local investment firms, health care systems, banks, schools, law firms and trust companies serve as University Board of Trustees, providing vision and direction for HPU's future.
HPU combines the excitement of an urban downtown campus with the serenity of the windward side of the island. The main campus is located in downtown Honolulu, the business and financial center of the Pacific. Just eight miles away is the Hawai'i Loa campus, situated in the foothills of the Koolau Mountains. The third campus, the Oceanic Institute, is located on the windward shores of Oahu just steps from the Pacific Ocean. Graduate housing is available near the downtown campus.
Full-time students can complete the MBA program in 12 or 24 months, the Master of Science in Information Systems (MSIS) in approximately 18-24 months, and the Master of Arts in either Global Leadership and Sustainable Development (MAGLSD), Human Resource Management (MAHRM), or Organizational Change (MAOC) in approximately 18 months.
Students may also pursue graduate degrees in Communication (MACOM), Nursing (MSN), Diplomacy and Military Studies (MA/DMS), Teaching English as a Second Language (MATESL), Marine Science (MSMS), Master of Education in Secondary Education (MEd), and Social Work (MSW) in approximately 2 years.
DEGREES
M.A.: Communication, Diplomacy & Military Studies, Global Leadership & Sustainable Development, Human Resource Management, Organizational Change, Teaching English as a Second Language.
M.B.A.
M.Ed.: Secondary Education, Elementary Education.
M.S.: Information Systems, Marine Science, Nursing.
M.S.W.: Social Work.
JOINT DEGREES: M.A. Organizational Change/M.A. Communication, M.B.A./M.A. Communication, M.B.A./M.A. Human Resource Management, M.B.A./M.A. Global Leadership & Sustainable Development, M.B.A./M.A. Organizational Change, M.B.A./M.S. Information Systems, M.B.A./M.S. Nursing, M.S. Information Systems/M.A. Human Resource Management, M.S. Information Systems/M.A. Organizational Change, M.S. Information Systems/M.A. Global Leadership & Sustainable Development, M.S. Information Systems/M.A. Diplomacy & Military Studies.
GRADUATE CERTIFICATES: Electronic Commerce, Information Systems, Knowledge Management, Software Engineering, Telecommunications Security, Consulting, National & Community Change & Development, Organizational Change & Development, International Disaster & Emergency Management, Environmental Policy, Global Leadership & Sustainable Development, International Management, Human Resource Management, Insurance, Nurse Educator, Post Master's Family Nurse Practitioner, Secondary Education, TESL between Nagoya University of Foreign Studies and Hawai'i Pacific University.
ONLINE DEGREES
