edit
You can find the entry on Hawaii Pacific University in our Other category. The company CEO is Karin Andersson . There are @hpu.edu email addresses on their profile and may include Scott Stensrud's email too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, biography, and linkedin username for Scott Stensrud. You can add a unique bio including links to your social profiles using the edit link above.  Description: Scott Stensrud is Hawaii Pacific University's .  With a  Lead411 subscription, Hawaii Pacific University email addresses ( @hpu.edu )  of the executives are viewable.  Other information includes Scott Stensrud's email, phone, biography and extension.   We provide information from your LinkedIn network, see company profile, and soon we will be showing twitter, wiki, and facebook profiles as well.  Lists are downloadble into your email marketing software or crm software. Typical management titles include VP, Chief, Vice President, Director, manager, & more. Similar names to Scott Stensrud can be found in our people directory . If this is you and you would like to be removed , then click this link. Keys: Scott Stensrud, Hawaii Pacific University, , @hpu.edu , email marketing, Hawaii Pacific University, HPU, colleges and universities, college, colleges, university, universiti
About Hawaii Pacific University
At present there are 0 available employment opportunities at Hawaii Pacific University while those who are currently employed earn about $53183. If you wish to get in touch with Hawaii Pacific University's CEO Karin Andersson , you can look into their Lead411 profile, where you can find helpful contact information, cfo employees, linkedin usernames, as well as Hawaii Pacific University email addresses with the domain @hpu.edu.... more Hawaii Pacific University info  
Other Hawaii Pacific University People
Sita Chhabra - Marketing Director, phone - 808-544-0200, updated on 01/28/2012 10:12:00
Karin Andersson is Hawaii Pacific University's CEO.  Their Marketing Director is Sita Chhabra. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Other industry. If you’re checking for Hawaii Pacific University email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @hpu.edu email addresses and possibly Sita Chhabra's email.  You can also get Sita Chhabra's linkedin info, twitter data, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their information is filed under the Other category.
U. Aytun Ozturk - Associate Professor, phone - 808-544-0298, updated on 01/20/2012 12:06:00
For Hawaii Pacific University email addresses with the @hpu.edu format as well as facebook info, twitter, linkedin data, as well as biography data for U. Aytun Ozturk, you may check in Hawaii Pacific University's Lead411 profile. U. Aytun Ozturk is currently the Associate Professor for Hawaii Pacific University. The company's CEO is Karin Andersson . The profile of Hawaii Pacific University on Lead411 is filed under the Other.
Catherine Sustana - , phone - 808-544-1107, updated on 01/31/2012 13:01:00
Timothy McCarthy is the current CEO of . Catherine Sustana is the current . You can find Catherine Sustana's linkedin profile, twitter, and biography on 's Lead411 profile, as well as email addresses with the @nikkoam.com domain. Catherine Sustana's email may or may not be inside the profile.  is situated in New York, NY. You can find their profile on Lead411 categorized under Other.
Similar Names to Scott Stensrud
Scott Schoedler - Vice President - Finance
Burroughs Wellcome Fund, an organization based in Research Triangle Park, NC, has Scott Schoedler as their Vice President, Finance. You can check their information on Burroughs Wellcome Fund under the Other category. You can find @bwfund.org email addresses on their Lead411 profile, as well as Scott Schoedler's email, linkedin account and biography.
Scott Silver - Executive Director
Filed under the Other category on Lead411, Wild Wilderness is a Palo Alto, CA-based organization. Scott Silver serves as their Executive Director. Scott Silver took up a  degree with a English concentration at the Whitman College. Their profile includes their @wildwilderness.org email addresses. Scott Silver's email, facebook & linkedin profiles, and biography are also available on Wild Wilderness's Lead411 profile.
Scott Saklad - CEO
Scott Saklad is the current CEO of Common Cents Solutions. Scott Saklad is the current CEO. You can find Scott Saklad's linkedin profile, twitter, and biography on Common Cents Solutions's Lead411 profile, as well as Common Cents Solutions email addresses with the @ccents.com domain. Scott Saklad's email may or may not be inside the profile. Common Cents Solutions is situated in Crofton, MD. You can find their profile on Lead411 categorized under Other. Scott Saklad secured a degree at the University of California at Santa Barbara.
References
