Teacher Education/Profess Development, Subject Areas, Other
Teaching English as Second/Foreign Language/ESL Language Instructor
Tourism and Travel Services Management
Hawaii Pacific University Scholarships
Kawasaki-McGaha Scholarship
The Kawasaki-McGaha Scholarship is available to undergraduate students who are residents of Hawaii and attend Hawaii Pacific University. You must be majoring in computer studies or international studi more...
Kawasaki-McGaha Scholarship
The Kawasaki-McGaha Scholarship is available to undergraduate students who are residents of Hawaii and attend Hawaii Pacific University. You must be majoring in computer studies or international studi more...
President's Scholarship - Hawaii Pacific U.
The President's Scholarship is open to incoming freshmen at Hawaii Pacific University. You must be a graduate of a Hawaii high school, have a minimum 3.5 GPA and an SAT score of at least 1100 (24 ACT) more...
Spirit Scholarship - Hawaii Pacific U.
The Spirit Scholarship is open to incoming freshmen at Hawaii Pacific University. You must be a graduate of a Hawaii high school, have a minimum 2.5 GPA, and have demonstrated leadership and spirit ac more...
Harry S. Komuro Scholarship
The Harry S. Komuro Scholarship is open to incoming freshmen at Hawaii Pacific University. You must be the dependent child of an ordained minister in one of the following church denominations to be co more...
Makana Scholarship
The Makana Scholarship is open to incoming freshmen at Hawaii Pacific University. You must be a graduating high school senior from a mainland U.S.A. high school with a minimum 3.5 GPA and at least a 1 more...
Hawaii Pacific University Scholarship
The Hawaii Pacific University Scholarship is open to continuing undergraduate and graduate students at Hawaii Pacific University. You must have a minimum 3.5 GPA to be considered for this award. Under more...
Alpha Gamma Sigma Scholarship - Hawaii Pacific University
The Alpha Gamma Sigma Scholarship is open to transfer students at Hawaii Pacific University. You must be a member of Alpha Gamma Sigma and have a minimum 3.5 GPA to be considered for this award. more...
Phi Theta Kappa Scholarship - Hawaii Pacific University
The Phi Theta Kappa Scholarship is open to transfer students at Hawaii Pacific University. You must be a member of Phi Theta Kappa and have a minimum 3.5 GPA to be considered for this award. more...
Ho'omau Scholarship
The Ho'omau Scholarship is open to transfer students at Hawaii Pacific University. You have a minimum 3.5 GPA, have at least 24 credits and be enrolled full time to be considered for this award. more...
Copyright © 2009 Free-4u.com, All Rights Reserved
 
