Boxer Bytes
Holce Courts Site
The current site of Pacific's Holce Tennis Courts has been used for varsity athletics for over a century. It's previous uses include football, baseball, soccer, track & field and lacrosse.
Legends Golf Classic
Among those who have attended the Legends Golf Classic in support of Pacific Athletics: George Lopez, John Daly, Gene Simmons, Dwight Clark, Eric Dickerson & Mike Bellotti.
Judy Sherman
Pacific and NFCA Hall of Fame softball coach Judy Sherman helped the 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008 U.S. Olympic Teams as part of USA Softball's international team selection committee.
Lena Chan
Head Volleyball Coach Lena Chan played for the Boxers for two years before winning the chance to play Division I volleyball at Baylor University.
Wrestling Conference Championships
The Pacific men's wrestling program won 16 consecutive Northwest Conference championships between 1969 and 1984. The Boxers are tied with Division III Augsburg for conference supremacy.
Walt Reason
Walt Reason, a 2010 Pacific Athletic Hall of Fame inductee, was drafted in 1978 by the Portland Trail Blazers.
Tela O'Donnell
Tela O'Donnell, a 2002 national champion for the Boxers, represented the U.S. at the 2004 Games in Athens in women's wrestling.
Hawaii Ohana
Over a quarter of Pacific's current undergraduate student body is from Hawaii, continuing a tradition that begin in the 1950s.
DeeDee Arnall & The Rutschman Award
Basketball & track All-American DeeDee Arnall won the 2003 Ad Rutschman Award honoring the top male & female small college athletes in Oregon.
Portland Trail Blazers
The Stoller Center was the preseason training facility for the Portland Trail Blazers from 1970 to 1975.
Daniel Jessee
Daniel Jessee was the first Pacific baseball player to reach the Major Leagues, playing with the Cleveland Indians in 1929.
Gordon Haller
Former Pacific cross country runner Gordon Haller won the first Ironman competition in 1978 in a time of 11 hours, 46 minutes, 58 seconds.
Women's Basketball Championships
The Pacific women's basketball program won four straight Northwest Conference championships between 1989 and 1992 and advanced twice to the NAIA Division II National Tournament.
Baseball Tripleheaders
According to SABR, Pacific is the only program in collegiate baseball history to have played in three tripleheaders.  All three have been played in the last 10 years.
Tim Cleary
Pacific Head Men's Basketball Coach Tim Cleary was a longtime top Division I assistant coach before coming to Pacific and also served as interim head coach at Boise State.
Nick Vorberg
Nick Vorberg, a 2010 Pacific Athletic Hall of Fame inductee, was honored with own bobblehead by the Milwaukee Wave indoor soccer team.
Romelio Salas
Romelio Salas, a NAIA All-American for Pacific, represented Colombia in the 1984 and 1992 Olympic Games in wrestling.
Holce Tennis Courts
The new Holce Tennis Courts was named one of the top new tennis facilities in the United States in 2010 by the U.S. Sport Builders Association.
Wrestling Great Lakes Championships
In their first four years in NCAA Division III, Pacific's men's wrestling won three Great Lakes Regional Championships.
Max Bonk
Max Bonk has earned invitations to the NCAA Division III Men's Golf Championships three of the last four years and finished tied for 20th place at the 2010 tournament.
Pacific Legends Golf Classic
Hosted by KISS guitarist Tommy Thayer, the Pacific Legends Golf Classic has raised over $500,000 for Pacific Athletics over the last five years.
Dallas Cowboys
The Dallas Cowboys held their first training camp on the Pacific campus in 1960.
Boxers
Pacific's mascot, Boxer, is a 60-pound statue of a Chinese good luck dragon. The original statue was donated to the University by missionary alumnus at the turn of the 20th Century.
Paul Stagg
Pacific Hall of Fame football coach Paul Stagg was the son of the "Father of American Football," Amos Alonzo Stagg. The elder Stagg often came to Forest Grove to assist with preseason and practice.
Wynne Lobel
Head Women's Lacrosse Coach Wynne Lobel served as head coach of Danish National Women's Lacrosse Team in 2009, leading the team in games at the Women's Lacrosse World Cup.
A.C. Gilbert
Pacific football and track standout A.C. Gilbert won the gold medal in the pole vault at the 1908 Olympic Games in London.
Women's Golf Championships
Pacific won three consecutive Northwest Championships in 2004, 2005 and 2006. They added a fourth title in 2008, earning an invitation to the NCAA Division III Championships.
Softball Against The National Champions
Pacific softball scored seven runs in four games against 2011 national champion Linfield. In comparison, Linfield allowed just five runs in 11 playoff games.
Sarah Smith
Sarah Smith won the 2004 Northwest Conference and NCAA West Region Cross Country Championships as a freshman and won mention as a "Face In The Crowd" by Sports Illustrated.
Sherman/Larkins Stadium
