China’s Support Enables North Korea’s ‘Bad Behavior,’ Panelists Say
SEOUL (June 26, 2012) — North Korea’s attempted rocket launch in April was just the latest example of a country accustomed to reneging on international agreements, a panel of security experts told the East-West Center International Media conference in Seoul on Sunday. ... more ...
Burmese Journalists 'Cautiously Optimistic'
SEOUL (June 24, 2012) — In Burma, articles are screened prior to publication and a government body exists to monitor media, but three Burmese journalists expressed cautious optimism Friday at the East-West Center's  International Media Conference  in Seoul. They warned, however, that their country has a long way to go to reach full press freedom. ... more ...
Al Jazeera Social Media Head on New Media and the Arab Spring
SEOUL (June 22, 2012) -- Speaking at a pace that mirrored the speed of a Twitter feed, Riyaad Minty, head of social media for Al Jazeera, shared lessons from the Arab Spring with more than 300 journalists at the East-West Center's 2012  International Media Conference  at Yonsei University in Seoul. ... more ...
Japan and Asia Studies Fellowships Bring New Visiting Fellows to EWC
The East-West Center is pleased to announce that seven new visiting fellows will join the Center’s Washington, D.C. office. Four fellows are part of the Center's inaugural class of the Japan Studies Fellowship , funded by the Japan Foundation Center for Global Partnership, and three fellows are part of the Asia Studies Fellowship , now in its tenth year. The fellows will conduct research on the international relations of Asia, political change in Asia, and U.S.-Asia relations. … more … 
Former Hawai'i Gov. George Ariyoshi to be Honored at EWC Dinner July 19
In recognition of his dedication to strengthening the bonds of understanding among the peoples and nations of Asia and the United States - including several terms as chairman of the EWC's Board of Governors - Gov. Ariyoshi will be presented with the Center's Asia Pacific Community Building Award at the 2012 “ International Affair ” benefit dinner July 19.
FEATURED EVENTS
