Guestroom at the Marriott Marquis
Guestroom at the Sheraton New York Hotel
HOTEL LOCATIONS
Midtown      Manhattan
     Most visitors to      New York City prefer to stay in Midtown Manhattan. Midtown accommodations      are within walking distance of many major sites and attractions, as well as      shopping, dining and theatre. We highly recommend Midtown since it is safe      and convenient. We also recommend that you park your car in a garage and      leave it there until it's time to go home -- Midtown Manhattan is very      walkable and offers easy access to the rest of the City by subway and taxi.
We consider      Midtown Manhattan
on the        south by 31st St.
on the north by 59th St.
East Side, West Side
All Around the Town
     Midtown Manhattan can      be further divided into East Side and West Side. Generally speaking, the      East Side of Midtown Manhattan is quieter, and appeals to more experienced      New York visitors who want to be closer to 5th Avenue and Madison Avenue      shopping. As a rule East Side hotels are more upscale (translation: pricier) than their West Side counterparts.
     Midtown's West Side, by contrast, is always lively.      It's the home of Times Square, Broadway theaters, Restaurant Row, Carnegie      Hall and street vendors (we've bought $5 Oakley sunglasses and $15 Rolex      watches, "genuine" of course). It's got charming 9th Avenue restaurants,      boisterous 8th Avenue bars, and a revolving restaurant perched high atop      Broadway. West Side hotels range from boarding-house cheap to 5*      Deluxe.
5th Avenue separates East Side
from West Side.
Most first-time visitors to New      York City stay in Midtown West Side hotels, where they can walk to theaters,      5th Avenue, Rockefeller Plaza, Times Square, Central Park and famous      Department stores like Macy's and Saks.
Lower Manhattan
Financial Capitol of the World
     Lower Manhattan can be      quiet and peaceful (Saturday and Sunday) or overcrowded and frenetic (Monday      through Friday). It's home to Wall Street, the former site of the World      Trade Center Twin Towers (now known as Ground Zero) and lovely      Battery Park. It was the location of the original Dutch colony Nieuw      Amsterdam and is perhaps the most historic place in the US -- and its      first capital city.
     Guests in Lower Manhattan hotels can get to Midtown      Manhattan any time of the day or night by subway or cab, or they can walk to      Chinatown, Little Italy, Greenwich Village, SoHo and South Street Seaport.      Hotels tend to be less expensive than Midtown, particularly on weekends.
Lower Manhattan is the      southernmost tip of Manhattan Island.
From Battery Park, visitors can      get     an excellent view of the
Statue of Liberty.
Other Areas
   Upper West Side
     The Upper West Side is a residential area of      Manhattan that contains a few moderately priced accommodations. Hotels along      Central Park West tend to be higher priced than those further away from the      Park.
   Upper East Side
     Also a residential area, but the Upper East side      includes the City's Museum Mile, featuring the largest concentration of      museums and galleries in the Big Apple. Hotels near Museum Mile are very      upscale.
Other      Boroughs
     New York City is more than Manhattan -- it also      includes the boroughs of Brooklyn, Staten Island, Queens and the Bronx.      There are accommodations available everywhere. Most visitors come to New      York City to experience the attractions of Manhattan, so guests staying      elsewhere will spend time and money commuting back and forth. Unless you      have a specific reason for staying in Brooklyn, Staten Island, Queens or the      Bronx, we highly recommend spending the few dollars more to stay in      Manhattan.
New Jersey
     There are some advantages to staying      across the Hudson in New Jersey, depending upon exactly where you stay.      Prices are generally less expensive than in Manhattan and availability of      rooms in Jersey may be greater. Make sure, however, that your hotel provides      easy access to public transportation into New York City. Any money that you      might plan on saving by staying in Jersey can easily be lost in tolls and      parking if you drive into Manhattan. Our personal choices for New Jersey      hotels are the Westin in Jersey City -- within walking      distance of both the PATH train and the NY Waterway ferry to Manhattan - and   the Hilton Penn Station in Newark, connected directly to the PATH and Amtrak   train station.
