Total number of rooms: 226
Total number of non-smoking rooms:206
Total number of rooms for the physically challenged/handicapped: 11
Interior corridor
Total number of floors: 24
Welcome to Holiday Inn Nyc - Manhattan 6th Ave
New Hotel in Midtown Manhattan Boasts state of the art new facilities
Enjoy comfort at the Holiday Inn Manhattan 6th Avenue in midtown Manhattan. This hotel is convenient to the JFK and LaGuardia airports and the attractions of NYC.
Families looking for lodging in Manhattan are sure to enjoy staying at this New York City hotel, located on 26th Street with close proximity to many local attractions. Some of these attractions include Penn Station, the Statue of Liberty,
View More
Welcome to Holiday Inn Nyc - Manhattan 6th Ave
New Hotel in Midtown Manhattan Boasts state of the art new facilities
Enjoy comfort at the Holiday Inn Manhattan 6th Avenue in midtown Manhattan. This hotel is convenient to the JFK and LaGuardia airports and the attractions of NYC.
Families looking for lodging in Manhattan are sure to enjoy staying at this New York City hotel, located on 26th Street with close proximity to many local attractions. Some of these attractions include Penn Station, the Statue of Liberty, Madison Square Garden, the Empire State Building, Times Square, Broadway, Herald Square, FIT, NYU, and Central Park.
Corporate travelers are impressed by the convenience of our Manhattan accommodations. Situated in the business hub of New York City, our hotel is within walking distance of numerous large companies such as Motorola, Siemens, Metlife, IBM, Bank of America, Deloitte, JP Morgan Chase, Viacom, Verizon, Pfizer and Merrill Lynch. We are also close to Julliard, NYU and the Fashion Institute of Technology. In addition, our hotel offers a Business Center with fax, copying, printing and computer services, so you can stay in touch while you're on the road.
Hotel amenities include a full-service restaurant and lounge, the Prime Cafe. While lodging at our midtown Manhattan hotel, you can keep up your daily routine by taking advantage of the 24-hour Fitness Center, or you can relax in the lounge and watch a game. Book your NYC hotel reservations now and save.
View Less
Features
The newly built Holiday Inn Manhattan Hotel offers our guests premium facilities and a pet friendly environment, so you can bring your furry friends to keep you company.
Entrance
