 
Stay a Night, Stay a week, Stay a year.
When you're travelling to New York City, you want to be confident your accommodations will meet your every need. The Staybridge Suites Time Square has been meticulously created to do just that. No hassles. No Mysteries. The single focus on you. Just steps from the Broadway theater district, the world's best shopping venues, sightseeing attractions, The Empire State Building and Madison Square Garden. In the middle of The Big Apple!
Featuring
Pantry 24 Hour Convenience store
Complimentary Breakfast
Complimentary Guest Laundry
Bar Forty - Open Daily from 5pm
Special request i.e groups. special promotion, special events, and etc... can be sent to our Bartenders at barforty@nyhotelmgmt.com .
Welcome to the Staybridge  Suites Times, New York City
If you're travelling to New York City, the Staybridge Suites Times Square wants to provide you with superior and tasteful accommodations to meet your every need, and our signature Staybridge Suites Times Square New York location has been meticulously created to do just that. No hassles. No mysteries. Just a single focus on you! Read more (+)
Whether you’re here for business, pleasure, or on an  extended New York stay, the Staybridge Suites Times Square, New York is the  superior choice for comfort, quality, and service. Short-term customers will  marvel at our knowledge of the surrounding area, while those on an extended New  York stay will love our long list of free amenities.
Extended Stay in New  York
Our Staybridge Suites Times Square accommodations are  perfect for an extended New York stay. If you’re planning on an extended stay  in NYC, let Staybridge Suites Times Square NYC provide you with all the comforts  of home.
Our NYC extended stay services are geared to provide you  with everything you need for as long as you like. Staybridge Suites Times  Square, NYC - Stay a Night, Stay a Week, Stay a Year.
 
Guest Studio and Hotel  Amenities
Complimentary Full       Breakfast Buffet
Complimentary High-Speed       Wireless and Hard-Wired Internet Access
Complimentary 24-Hour       Business Center
Complimentary Social Reception       Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
Fully Equipped Kitchens       with Stainless Steel Appliances
Alarm Clock with iPod       Docking Station
Pillow Topped Mattresses
Individual A/C and       heat  (Any Time of Year)
Complimentary 24-hour Guest       Laundry Facility
Iron / Ironing Board
Laptop sized Safe in Every       Studio
Round-the-clock “Pantry” Convenience       Store Supplies
37" Flat Screen TV       with over 150 Channel including HBO and Showtime in HD
High Speed Wireless and       Hard Wired Internet Access
Free Local and 800       Telephone Calls
Generous Work Desk with       Auxiliary Pack Desk Level
 
Additional Features and services  provided by the Staybridge Suites Times Square:
Fully Equipped Modern Gym
24-Hour Fitness Center with State-of-the-Art Cybex Equipment:       Treadmills, Ellipticals, Weights, mini-gym and stationary bike – Ideal for       our clients on an extended stay in New York.
 
Bring Your Pets!
Pets allowed with advance reservation and non-refundable fee of       $150.00. Maximum weight is 50 lbs. Proof of vaccination along with contact       phone number required at check- in. Call hotel for details: 212-757-9000.
A Fully Equipped Kitchen in       Every Room
Fully-equipped kitchens with stainless steel appliances for your home       away from home! Includes full size refrigerator with icemaker, coffee       maker, dishwasher, microwave, cookware, etc. Get out of your kitchen and       into ours…we’ll even load the dishwasher for you!
 
Pantry - for your       Convenience
Our on-site convenience store is open 24 hours for all of your last       minute food and personal needs featuring items from Hagen Daaz, Frozen       Dinners to tooth paste and electrical converters….And if you’re planning       an extended stay in NYC, we’ll even do the grocery shopping for you before       your arrival!
Bar Forty
Open 7 days a week from 5pm-11pm. Special requests i.e. groups,       special promotion, special events, and etc. can an be sent to our       Bartenders at barforty@nyhotelmgmt.com .
 
Meeting Space and Catering
Our professional and immaculate meeting area can accommodate up to 50       attendees classroom style and is adjoined by a separate room for food and       beverage functions. Ideal for corporate groups on an extended stay NYC       trip. Audio-visual media equipment is available on request.
Staybridge Suites Times  Square Concierge Services:
Your Personal New York  City Expert
Our specially trained Staybridge Suites Times Square Guest  Service Concierges look forward to welcoming you to the Staybridge Suites Times  Square NYC.
Visitors to New York City always have a long list of things  they want to do and places they want to see, but where to start? Our friendly  concierge can help with airport transfers; sightseeing and tours; Broadway Show  and entertainment tickets; dinner reservations; special occasion arrangements;  and any business needs. Our Staybridge Suites Times Square concierge welcomes  every request, from small items to complex arrangements.
Whether you’re in town overnight, or you’re on an extended  stay NYC visit, let us help manage your schedule and make your stay a pleasant  one.
(click here  to rate)
340 West 40th Street, New York, NY 10018 Tel: (212) 757-9000
Fax: (212) 757-9001 Reservation: (888) 617-3376 Contact Us at reservation.staybridge@nyhotelmgmt.com
©2012 Staybridge Suites • Times Square • New York City. This hotel is independently owned by 340-344 Reality LLC
and independently managed by New York Hotel Management
