King & Grove New York
Iconic buildings such as the Empire State Building and Chrysler Building soar high above the streets shaping the instantly recognizable New York City skyline. Places like the The Museum of Modern Art , the Lincoln Center and the Metropolitan Opera House make it a cultural hub. While the latest fashion trends can be found on Fifth Avenue and SoHo , making this city a fashionista's dream come true.
From booking a hotel room at the best rate to planning everything you want to see and do while in New York, New York Hotels .com is here to help.
NewYorkhotels.com is where you find the best hotel deals in New York
Call it the Big Apple or the City That Never Sleeps, New York City is definitely one of the most amazing cities in America, if not the world. The city never ceases to outdo itself, and visitors keep coming back even if just for a New York minute. From Broadway to Central Park, New York keeps visitors and locals alike entertained with something to do at all hours of the day. And with five boroughs to explore Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx, and Staten Island every area of New York seems to offer its own unique twist to big city life.
Events like New York Fashion Week, Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, US Open Championship, and New York City Marathon keep travelers flocking into the city throughout year because there is no off season for traveling when it comes to New York.
Furthermore, exploring the city's diverse neighborhoods means new experiences await with every visit to the city. From the Asian influences of Chinatown to the posh dwellings in the Upper East Side to the busy streets of Midtown and Times Square, no two neighborhoods are alike.
New York is also about the cultural experiences. For theater fans, the Big White Way calls with amazing Broadway and Off-Broadway productions no other American city can seem to match. Then for the art buffs there is every kind of museum imaginable include the Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, and the Guggenheim Museum. And, of course, don't forget the landmarks like the Statue of Liberty, the Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, and much more.
With over 90,000 available rooms, New York City and the surrounding areas has accommodations for every kind of traveler. From budget rooms near the airport to luxury hotels overlooking Central Park, let NewYorkHotels.com help you book your next getaway!
