Back to menu Return to top
Description
Turn-of-the-century grace and style in modern New York CityBlue Moon Hotel, from architect Randy Settinbrino, is a masterpiece of style and turn-of-the-century elegance. Situated in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, the 19th century building has been carefully brought back to life with exceptional attention to detail. It is clear that time has been invested in retaining all of the original features – look out for the elegant wood and granite decor, and enjoy a great level of service from the well trained staff on call 24 hours a day. The Blue Moon Hotel also offers a gym and Jacuzzi area.  3 Reasons To Stay:Turn-of-the-century architecture and features have been carefully restored to provide a period feelWinner of a number of prestigious awards based on room standards and guest satisfactionClose proximity to financial district of New York  Blue Moon Hotel RoomsFind traditional luxury and comfort in the rooms at the Blue Moon Hotel, with accommodations offering a spectacular view of New York City. Each room provides a generous amount of floor space as well as high ceilings and period furniture. The decor in each room creates a feeling of early 20th century opulence and glamour, and the original wood paneling and wrought iron bed frames are complemented with fabrics containing tones of rich gold and reds. All rooms are equipped with a television, a radio alarm clock, ironing facilities, an iPod docking station, a phone with voice mail, a minibar and free Wi-Fi Internet access. Additionally, each suite ensures maximum comfort by offering air conditioning with full temperature control. Blue Moon Hotel guest rooms do not skimp on luxury in any way, and offer guests 300-thread-count bed linens, comfort pillows and Sealy Palatial Crest Pillowtop mattresses. Enjoy a deep, luxurious bathtub in the bathroom, as well as a hair-dryer and excellent amenities.  Things To Do:Chinatown (0.6 mi/1 km)East River Park (1.2 mi/1.9 km)New York Academy of Art (1.3 mi/2.1 km)NY City Hall (1.5 mi/2.4 km)National September 11 Memorial and Museum (1.6 mi/2.6 km)Financial District (2.5 mi/4 km)  Policies and feesNightly rates from $349 USDCheck-in: 3 p.m. /Check-out: 11 a.m.ID and credit card are required at check in. Credit card details are held for payment, incidentals and security against any additional charges or damagesCancellations or modifications to reservations: Cancellations or modifications for a hotel room reservation must be received 72 hours prior to 3 p.m. EST day of arrival. If cancellation or modification of a reservation is not made by the required time (no show/changes during stay), the hotel reserves the right to charge up to 100 percent of the first night's accommodation or 20 percent of the total booking, whichever is higherNotice: Cancellations or modifications must be made via the same channel as the original reservation; i.e., travel agent, Internet booking engine or directNo credits will be given for modifications to length of stay which are made during the aforementioned 72-hour window or after check-in. Guest's credit card will be charged for the full amount of the original reservationNo refunds will be made for cancellations or modifications to stay, no-shows or early check outs 
