 
#01: Visit the Statue of Liberty
If you get the " New York Pass " you can visit the Statue of Liberty along with over 60 other attractions in the city.
If you want "crown tickets" you need to make your reservations now. They can sell out months in advance.
If you just want to see the Statue of Liberty from a boat you can do that for free by taking a trip on the Staten Island Ferry which floats by pretty close (this is not a tourist thing, people take the ferry back and forth for work!)
#02: See Manhattan from the Top of the Empire State Building
Make your way to the top of the most famous skyscraper in the world and see New York skyline from a spectacular vantage point.
The building, completed in 1931, was the tallest in the world for 36 years (1931-1967.) It is currently the tallest building in NYC (although it will be surpassed by the "Freedom Tower" which is supposed to be completed sometime soon.)
Empire State building tickets are also  included as a part of the " New York Pass ."
#03: Go to a New York Knicks Game
If you're into basketball you could see the Knicks play at the famous Madison Square Garden arena.
If you are a fan of the NHL then you will want to see the Rangers instead (they play their home games at MSG as well.)
#04: Go to a Yankees or  Mets Game
The Yankees play their home games at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx. It's not the "House that Ruth Built" though, the original Yankees stadium's final season was 2008 (its first was 1923!)
The Mets play their home games at Citi Field in Queens. Shea Stadium's final season was also 2008.
#05: Visit the Bronx Zoo
This 265 acre zoo is home to over 4000 animals representing 650 different species including congo gorillas, giraffes, lions, tigers, grizzly bears, polar bears, snow leopards, bald eagles, penquins, flamingos, owls, cobras, anacondas, alligators, poison frogs, and monarch butterflies.
Doors open at 10 a.m. and close at 4:30 p.m. This is a huge zoo so you should get there early if you want to see a lot of it (I'm not sure it's even possible to see all of it in one day.)
If you want a less intense zoo experience in NYC (one where you don't have to go all the way up to the Bronx) you could visit the Central Park Zoo which is much smaller (home to 130 species) but the location is fantastic and it's and less expensive.
The New York Pass includes visitation to the many NYC zoos (the Bronx Zoo & Central Park Zoo along with Prospect Park Zoo & Queens Zoo), the New York Aquarium, and the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.
#06: Visit Museums
NYC is home to some of the most famous musems in the world including the the Metropolitan Museum of Art (the Met) , Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) , the American Museum of Natural History , and the Guggenheim .
With the New York Pass you can visit all of them with just one ticket (and you will save some money too.)
#07: Hear Some Great Music
If you take a look at a schedule of upcoming concerts in NY ( the Village Voice has extensive listings) you are quite likely to find a band/artist that you would like to see playing at one of the many NYC music venues such as Beacon Theater , Bower Ballroom , Carnegie Hall , the Roseland , Radio City Music Hall , and Madison Square Garden .)
And if you love jazz then there's no better city to be. There are many places to see live jazz performed (sometimes by truly legendary performers.)
#08: See a Broadway Show
There are many different Broadway shows to choose from. Among the most popular shows are The Lion King, Wicked, The Book of Mormon, Jersey Boys, Chicago, Spider-Man, Sister Act, Mary Poppins, Memphis, Rock of Ages, Anything Goes, Once, Godspell, and Jesus Christ Superstar.
#09: Take a Circle Line Sightseeing Cruise
You will want to buy a New York Pass to get the best deal on your boat trip around Manhattan Island.
#10: Have a Memorable Meal at a Great Restaurant
There are so many fantastic restaurants in New York City that it would be impossible to even begin to list them all here. What is certain is that you shouldn't waste a single meal in NYC at a chain restaurant! Real New Yorkers don't eat at Applebee's or TGIF and you shouldn't either.
Italian, Indian, Chinese, Thai, Greek, Steak Houses, Burgers, BBQ, French, Mexican, Vietnamese, & Japanese. It's all here. Delicious pho, sushi, chicken tikka masala, thai curry, & gyros. When you are in the greatest city in the world you should have some meals that are worth remembering.
This  easy to use system searches Hotels.com , Travelocity , Expedia , gtahotels.com , and over thirty other online hotel reservation websites to find the absolute best deals available in New York.
Without our help it would take hours of your valuable time to search through all of these hotel sites for the lowest rates, but our service does it for you in just seconds.
Search For NYC Hotels By Any Criteria
You can sort the list of hotels by any criteria you choose which makes it very quick and easy to find the perfect hotel for your needs.
For example if you want to find a popular pet friendly hotel near the Empire State Building then you simply choose "Empire State Building" from the location menu on the left (you will see there are a huge amount of locations to choose from!) and go down to the hotel features area and put a check mark in the "pet friendly" box.
As soon as you make these changes our system automatically resorts the hotels to include only those which fit your criteria.
You can sort by the list by popularity, distance (from any location you choose), star rating, hotel name, and price. If you do choose "lowest price" you will probably want to uncheck "hostel" from the property type menu on the bottom left.
Every hotel in the New York Hotel Deals system includes verified guest reviews so you can see what real guests think of their stays at the hotel. These guest reviews allow you to make an informed decision on whether or not to make your reservations at that hotel (or to instead find one that has better reviews.)
