Room Type: Studio, Junior, 1 & 2 Bedroom Suites - Kitchen
Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: Affinia Manhattan is diagonally across the street from Madison Square Garden and the Penn Station Amtrak/subway terminal beneath it, at the corner of Seventh Avenue and West 30th Street.... provides unrivaled access to city attractions, fashion industry offices, shopping and Broadway...spacious suites with full kitchens... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
240 West 73rd Street - New York, NY, United States 10023 Apartments - $189.00  Rating:
Room Type: Studio, Executive Studio, 1 Bedroom - Kitchenettes Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: Woogo Central Park-Tempo Apartments are located in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, within three blocks of Central Park, Broadway and Riverside Park... apartments feature wood flooring and include fully equipped kitchenettes... two laundry facilities and a 24-hour fitness center... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
222 E 39th St - New York, NY, United States 10016 Hotel Suites - $339.00  Rating:
Room Type: Studio, Juniot Suite, 1 & 2 Bedroom Suites - Kitchen Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: Eastgate Tower features suites here in the residential Murray Hill area with the convenience of midtown Manhattan, six blocks from the United Nations... lively restaurant, Il Sogno, features a large patio for open-air dining... Each room features a fully appointed kitchen... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
160 Bleecker St - New York, NY, United States 10003 Apartments - $306.00  Rating:
Room Type: Studio, 1 & 2 Bedroom Suites - Kitchen Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: Metro-Home The Atrium is a landmark building, overlooking the tree-lined streets of the West Village,  2 blocks south of Washington Square... apartments offer great views of the city and restaurants with food from all nations, jazz clubs, old neighborhood bars, and taverns flourish nearby... all apartments contain a full kitchen... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
250 E 39th - New York, NY, United States 10016 Hotel Suites - $279.00  Rating:
Room Type: Studio with Queen Beds - Kitchen Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: Metro-Home United Nations Suites is a apartment-style hotel located eight blocks from the United Nations Headquarters... Convenient to the United Nations and the Empire State Building, the hotel is also close to all forms of public transportation, including Grand Central Station... All accommodations at the United Nations Suites feature kitchens... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
118 E 40th St - New York, NY, United States 10016 Hotel Suites - $356.43  Rating:
Room Type: Tower Suites , 1 Bedroom Suites - Kitchen Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: The Bedford Hotel is located between the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building, just a short walk from Fifth Avenue, Rockefeller Center and the United Nations... Murray Hill neighborhood with easy access to the theater district and Grand Central Station...  a casual Italian restaurant and bar.... All suites feature kitchenettes... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
125 E 50th St - New York, NY, United States 10022 Hotel Suites - $649.00  Rating:
Room Type: King Studio Suite, 1 Bedroom Suites - Kitchen Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: The Benjamin offers luxurious hotel suites here located in midtown Manhattan... Murray Hill neighborhood with easy access to the theater district and Grand Central Station...  offers excellent cuisine in a beautifully appointed dining room and open kitchen.... Each suite features a complete office center and an an oversized sleeping room with a dining area and full kitchen... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
145 E 50th St - New York, NY, United States 10022 Hotel Suites - $427.86  Rating:
Room Type: 1 Bedroom Suites, 1 Bedroom Luxury Suite - Kitchen Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: The Kimberly Hotel offers luxury suites here situated in the midst of Manhattan's fashionable east side... Complimentary membership at the New York Health & Racquet Club provides guests with the most extensive network of sports facilities in Manhattan, including pools, squash, racquetball, indoor golf, strength training and cardiovascular equipment... Guests can take in the stunning New York City skyline aboard the luxurious 75-foot yacht that provides complimentary sunset cruises... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
303 Lexington Ave - New York, NY, United States 10016 Hotel Suites - $379.00  Rating:
Room Type: Studio Suites, 1 Bedroom Suites - Kitchen Sleeps: 4
Hotel Description: The Shelburne Murray Hill is seven blocks from the Empire State Building and within easy walking distance of many midtown Manhattan shopping, dining and entertainment venues... offers spectacular views of the Empire State Building and the Manhattan skyline... apartment-style suites with a full kitchen ... more info ...Special Discount Rate!
