Featured cheap hotel offers in New York, USA
Book with:
All 3 star hotel star hotels                                             in New York, USA
Browse Latest Deals:
Affinia 50 Hotel
The Affina 50 Hotel is centrally located and close to a number of New York’s most famous attractions, including 5th Avenue shopping and the United Nations Building.
Algonquin Hotel
The gracious Algonquin Hotel is located in the heart of Midtown Manhattan, offering superb accommodation amidst the hustle and bustle of New York City.
Americana Inn New York
Americana Inn New York welcomes the budget-minded traveler who is seeking comfortable accommodations, an excellent location, good value and warm, friendly service.
Ameritania Hotel
The chic boutique-styled Ameritania Hotel affords a superb central location on the corner of Broadway and 54th Street.
Amsterdam Court Hotel
General Information:The Amsterdam Court is a find for those who prefer a smaller, more personal hotel, with an unbeatable location near Broadway. The lobby is compact and welcoming, and guests have th...
Astor On the Park
General Description:  3 star accommodations  Classic accommodations  Close proximity to major attractions Location:  Conveniently located in Upper Manhattan ...
Awesome Bed And Breakfast
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Awesome Bed And Breakfast in New York, USA
Beacon Hotel
Within the colorful tempo of New York City\'s Upper West Side, Beacon Hotel welcomes visitors to this unique neighborhood. The newly renovated 25 story hotel is within tree-lined streets and landmark ...
Bedford
Fashionable and convenient, the Bedford Hotel is just a short walk to Fifth Avenue.
Belnord Hotel
The Belnord on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City offers 119 budget lodging accommodations in two five-story buildings. Situated near the ...
Belvedere Hotel
Belvedere Hotel is the premier choice among the most discerning business and leisure travelers seeking lodging in New York City. Style, service, and exceptional comfort in the heart of midtown Manhatt...
Best Western Bowery Hanbee Hotel
The Best Western Bowery Hanbee Hotel is located in the heart of Chinatown.
The hotel serves a complimentary continental breakfast daily. The hotel ...
Best Western Gregory
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Best Western Gregory in New York, USA
Binghamton Regency Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Binghamton Regency Hotel in New York, USA
Bridgestreet 316 East 63rd
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Bridgestreet 316 East 63rd in New York, USA
Bridgestreet Ellington
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Bridgestreet Ellington in New York, USA
Bridgestreet Herald Towers
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Bridgestreet Herald Towers in New York, USA
Bridgestreet LongAcre
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Bridgestreet LongAcre in New York, USA
Broadway Plaza Hotel
The Broadway Plaza Hotel is a cozy and intimate boutique hotel located in the heart of New York City, at 27th Street and Broadway.
The hotel completed ...
Buckingham Hotel
With suites and one-bedroom stays for terms of one month or longer, Buckingham offers all the amenities to make your stay like home. There is a fitness ...
Casablanca Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Casablanca Hotel in New York, USA
Chelsea Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Chelsea Hotel in New York, USA
Clarion Hotel Jamaica
The Clarion Hotel Jamaica is situated four miles away from the John F. Kennedy International Airport and the LaGuardia Airport. This hotel is near Queens ...
Clarion Hotel Park Avenue
Welcome to the Clarion Hotel Park Avenue, located in the Murray Hill section of Manhattan and within walking distance to the Empire State Building, 5th Avenue boutiques and Macy's. Surrounded by bistr...
Club Quarters Downtown
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Club Quarters Downtown in New York, USA
Club Quarters Midtown Times Square
Listed in the National Registry of Historic Places, Club Quarters Midtown is in Midtown Manhattan, directly behind the Penn Club, and approximately eight ...
Comfort Inn Central Park
The Comfort Inn Central Park hotel is located in the heart of New York’s Upper West Side.
Comfort Inn Manhattan Bridge
Centrally located in New York, the Comfort Inn Manhattan Bridge is near Eldridge Street Synagogue, Brooklyn Bridge, and Museum of Chinese in Americas. ...
Cosmopolitan Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Cosmopolitan Hotel in New York, USA
Courtyard By Marriott Midtown East
The Courtyard New York Manhattan/Midtown East offers moderately priced accommodations within walking distance to the midtown business district. The American ...
Courtyard by Marriott New York Manhattan Fifth Avenue
Courtyard by Marriott New York Manhattan Fifth Avenue is located near New York City''s exciting fashion district. Our hotel is within walking distance ...
Courtyard by Marriott New York Manhattan Times Square South
32 floors, 244 rooms, 4 suites; 1 meeting room; 650 sq. ft. total meeting space; Mobil Travel Guide Stars: 3; Check-in: 3:00 PM; Check-out: 12:00 PM; ...
Days Hotel Broadway
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Days Hotel Broadway in New York, USA
Days Hotel Midtown
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Days Hotel Midtown in New York, USA
Desmond Tutu Center
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Desmond Tutu Center in New York, USA
Distrikt Hotel New York City
Rates are based on double occupancy. Charges for extra adults may apply and will be due directly to the hotel.
Doubletree Guest Suites Times Square
Doubletree Times Square is located in the most exciting part of New York City, within waling distance to popular New York attractions such as Radio City, Madison Square Garden, and world class shoppin...
Edison Hotel Times Square
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Edison Hotel Times Square in New York, USA
Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan Chelsea
This new hotel is located in Manhattan''s chic Chelsea district, about 10 miles from La Guardia Airport and 17 miles from John F. Kennedy International ...
Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan Soho Village
In the heart of upbeat SoHo surrounded by shops and restaurants. Seconds from Holland Tunnel, Financial District and subway. Rates are based on double ...
Four Points by Sheraton Midtown Times Square
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Four Points by Sheraton Midtown Times Square in New York, USA
Grand Union Hotel
The Grand Union is a tourist class hotel ideally situated in Manhattan between Madison and Park Avenue, two blocks from the Empire State Building.
Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden
Set in the south end of Midtown Manhattan, Hampton Inn Manhattan-Madison Square Garden Area is a block from the Garden, seven blocks from Times Square, ...
Hampton Inn Manhattan 35th St
Situated between posh 5th Avenue and Broadway, the Hampton Inn New York/35th Street Empire State Building is in the shadow of the Empire State Building ...
Hampton Inn Manhattan Chelsea
The Hampton Inn is located in the trendy up and coming district of Chelsea, bordering the West Village and Midtown Manhattan and is equipped with all the latest conveniences to make you feel right at ...
Hampton Inn Manhattan Seaport Financial District
The Hampton Inn Financial District is located in Southern Manhattan''s Seaport area, directly beside the famous Brooklyn Bridge. The hotel is surrounded ...
Hampton Inn Manhattan Times Square North
Hampton Inn Manhattan-Times Square North is located in the Theater District, a block from Broadway, three blocks from Times Square, and approximately ...
Hampton Inn Manhattan Times Square South
Rates are based on double occupancy. Charges for extra adults may apply and will be due directly to the hotel.
Helmsley Middletown Hotel
The Helmsley Middletowne is conveniently located in a smart East Side neighborhood noted for having many great eating and drinking establishments.
Hilton Garden Inn New York Chelsea
The Hilton Garden Inn-Chelsea is located in Chelsea- New York the city*s trendy and stylish fashion district. Near all the electric night life award winning ...
Hilton Garden Inn New York City Tribeca
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hilton Garden Inn New York City Tribeca in New York, USA
Hilton Garden Inn New York West 35th Street
The Hilton Garden Inn New York - West 35th Street Hotel has an ideal location in midtown Manhattan and is just steps away from some of New York''s best ...
Hilton Garden Inn Times Square
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square in New York, USA
Holiday Inn Express Hauppauge Long Island
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Holiday Inn Express Hauppauge Long Island in New York, USA
Holiday Inn Express New York Brooklyn
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Holiday Inn Express New York Brooklyn in New York, USA
Holiday Inn Express New York City 5th Avenue
Holiday Inn Express Fifth Ave is a short walk from Times Square and approximately nine miles from LaGuardia International Airport. Grand Central Station, ...
Holiday Inn Express NYC Madison Square Garden
Holiday Inn Express Manhattan is located one mile from Midtown, nine miles from LaGuardia International Airport, 16 miles from Newark International Airport, ...
Holiday Inn Express NYC Times Square
Located in the middle of Manhattan, the Holiday Inn Express New York Times Square offers comfortable accommodations near New York''s biggest attractions. ...
Holiday Inn Fort Lee
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Holiday Inn Fort Lee in New York, USA
Holiday Inn Hasbrouck Heights
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Holiday Inn Hasbrouck Heights in New York, USA
Holiday Inn Manhattan Downtown Soho
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Holiday Inn Manhattan Downtown Soho in New York, USA
Holiday Inn Midtown 57th Street
The Holiday Inn Midtown 57 Street is located in a quiet residential neighbourhood, conveniently located close to some of New York’s most famous attractions.
Holiday Inn NYC Manhattan 6th Ave.
The Holiday Inn Manhattan is a brand new modern, twenty-four story high rise hotel centrally located within close proximity to numerous restaurants, museums, ...
Hotel 309 A Metropolitan Inn
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hotel 309 A Metropolitan Inn in New York, USA
Hotel 31
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hotel 31 in New York, USA
Hotel 373 Fifth Avenue
Hotel 373 Fifth Avenue is a boutique hotel featuring 70 rooms. It is located one block from the Empire State Building and approximately nine miles from ...
Hotel 41 at Times Square
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hotel 41 at Times Square in New York, USA
Hotel 57
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hotel 57 in New York, USA
Hotel Azure
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hotel Azure in New York, USA
Hotel Elysee a member of HKHotels
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hotel Elysee a member of HKHotels in New York, USA
Hotel Giraffe By HKHotels
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hotel Giraffe By HKHotels in New York, USA
Hotel Indigo Chelsea New York
Minutes from John F. Kennedy Airport (JFK), Hotel Indigo Chelsea New York City, located in the heart of Manhattan, provides convenience to dynamic shopping, ...
Hotel Le Bleu
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Hotel Le Bleu in New York, USA
John Street Suites By Alternative Business Accommodations
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the John Street Suites By Alternative Business Accommodations in New York, USA
La Semana Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the La Semana Hotel in New York, USA
Lombardy Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Lombardy Hotel in New York, USA
Lucerne
The Lucerne Hotel, located in the heart of the Upper West Side of New York City, is a mark of distinction in New York City hospitality.
Marrakech New York
Experience the pageantry, color, and welcoming allure of Morocco - in one of Manhattan's trendiest emerging neighborhoods. Situated on the Upper West Side, the Marrakech Hotel boasts a chic design, ne...
Marriott New York Downtown
The New York Marriott Downtown hotel is located minutes from the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island Ferry, New York Stock Exchange, South Street Seaport, ...
Mayfair New York Hotel
The Mayfair New York Hotel offers modest accommodations in Manhattan''s Theatre District, approximately eight miles from LaGuardia Airport and 17 miles ...
Milford Plaza
The Milford Plaza Hotel is located in the heart of Broadway's Theatre District just a short walk from Radio City Music Hall, the Rockefeller Centre, 5th Avenue shopping and Times Square.
Moderne Hotel
The boutique Moderne hotel is located close to Broadway, Central Park and Times Square.
Murray Hill East Suites
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Murray Hill East Suites in New York, USA
Newton
Hotel Newton offers value for money and functional yet pleasant guestrooms.
Novotel New York Times Square
General Information:The Novotel is conveniently located in the heart of Manhattan's midtown theater district, right on Broadway and West 52nd. Overlooking Times Square, our hotel is within walking dis...
Nu Hotel Brooklyn
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Nu Hotel Brooklyn in New York, USA
Off Soho Suites Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Off Soho Suites Hotel in New York, USA
Park 79
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Park 79 in New York, USA
Park Central
The Park Central Hotel situated in the heart of Manhattan, offers guests an ideal vantage point from which to take in the sights of this magnificent city.
Park Savoy Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Park Savoy Hotel in New York, USA
Quality Hotel Times Square
Nestled in the heart of the Broadway theater district, in the city that never sleeps, the Quality Hotel Times Square is the premier destination for visitors who want to enjoy the lights on Broadway, F...
Radio City Suites
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Radio City Suites in New York, USA
Radisson Martinique On Broadway
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Radisson Martinique On Broadway in New York, USA
Renaissance New York Hotel 57
Renaissance New York Hotel 57: Where modern couture meets classic elegance at our newly redesigned boutique hotel in Midtown Manhattan, NYC. At the center ...
Residence Inn by Marriott Times Square
Welcome to the first and largest 100 percent Smoke-Free Residence Inn by Marriott in New York City. Our Residence Inn by Marriott Manhattan/Times Square ...
Rockefeller Center Hotel
In the heart of New York City and only steps from the famous Rockefeller Center is where you will find this luxury boutique hotel, offering exceptional ...
Roger Williams Hotel
Enjoy the warmth and distinctive architecture of the Roger Williams Hotel.
Room Mate Grace
Set in the heart of Times Square, the stylish Room Mate Grace caters to those who yearn to experience all the fun and sophistication New York has to ...
Salisbury Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Salisbury Hotel in New York, USA
Skyline Hotel
The appealing Skyline Hotel is located on the West Side of Manhattan, a short stroll from Times Square and the Rockefeller Centre.
Sohotel
The Sohotel is one of the oldest hotels in New York and is located in lower Manhattan, just a few steps from Little Italy and China Town.
Solita Soho Hotel Clarion Collection
The Clarion is located in the heart of Chinatown and a few blocks from Little Italy and Soho. It is a brand new hotel that just opened in August 2004.
...
Stanford Hotel
The Hotel Stanford is located on West 32nd Street between Fifth and Broadway, just a block away from the Empire State Building. Not only is this location ...
Sutton Place Suites
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Sutton Place Suites in New York, USA
The Atrium
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the The Atrium in New York, USA
The Bowery Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the The Bowery Hotel in New York, USA
The Carlton Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the The Carlton Hotel in New York, USA
The Franklin
Located on Manhattan''s Upper East Side, this hotel is walking distance from Central Park and the Guggenheim Museum, approximately eight miles from LaGuardia, ...
The GEM Hotel Midtown
The GEM Hotel, SoHo your corner of the world, newly renovated offers an intimate, boutique atmosphere offering our guests elegantly designed rooms ...
The GEM Hotel SoHo
The GEM Hotel, SoHo...your corner of the world, newly renovated offers an intimate, boutique atmosphere offering our guests elegantly designed ...
The Inn on 23rd
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the The Inn on 23rd in New York, USA
The Mansfield
The historic Mansfield Hotel is located in Midtown Manhattan, two blocks from Times Square, and approximately nine miles from La Guardia Airport and 17 ...
The Mercer Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the The Mercer Hotel in New York, USA
The New Yorker Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the The New Yorker Hotel in New York, USA
The Premier
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the The Premier in New York, USA
The Wall Street Inn
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the The Wall Street Inn in New York, USA
Thirty Thirty
Thirty Thirty Hotel, located in Midtown Manhattan is close to many of New York’s business and leisure attractions.
Travel Inn
Travel Inn Manhattan is located in the Midtown area of New York City, N.Y., eight blocks from the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. Two blocks from the hotel, Circle Line Cruises offers three-hour cr...
Wall Street District Hotel
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Wall Street District Hotel in New York, USA
Wall Street Inn
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Wall Street Inn in New York, USA
Washington Jefferson Hotel
Remodeled in 2001, this six-story hotel is situated in Manhattan''s theater district, approximately eight miles from LaGuardia, 17 miles from Newark Liberty ...
Washington Square
The Washington Square Hotel is a delightful, family-run hotel which affords a wonderful location on Washington Square at the heart of Greenwich.
Wellington Hotel
The Wellington is centrally located in Midtown Manhattan, just one block from Carnegie Hall.
West 57th Street by Hilton Club
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the West 57th Street by Hilton Club in New York, USA
Wingate by Wyndham Commack Long Island
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Wingate by Wyndham Commack Long Island in New York, USA
Wingate by Wyndham Manhattan Midtown
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Wingate by Wyndham Manhattan Midtown in New York, USA
Wolcott
Wolcott Hotel is one of New York City\'s best kept hotel bargain secrets. Centrally located on 31st Street, just 3 blocks down 5th Avenue from the Empire State Building, the Wolcott offers a great alt...
Wyndham Garden Hotel Manhattan Chelsea West
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Wyndham Garden Hotel Manhattan Chelsea West in New York, USA
Wyndham Garden Hotel Times Square South
Visit a cheap hotel supplier to find out more about the Wyndham Garden Hotel Times Square South in New York, USA
