Special Packages
Tourist Delight Package
If you are visiting New York from out of town - or for the first time - then the Tourist Delight Package is perfect for you! This package really will delight your sightseeing senses, giving you two free tickets to the Empire State Building Observation Deck, for the best 360 degree views of NYC!
The package is available 5/27/12 thru 9/30/12 and starts from $199 (this starting rate includes the dates for Memorial day and the July 4th ).This special includes:
Empire State Building Observation Deck Pass for Two
Continental Breakfast for Two at the Sky Lounge
Terms/Condition:
Valid 7 days a week from 5/27/12 thru 9/30/2012. Tax is additional. Black-out dates and other Restrictions may apply. Offer does not apply to groups of 10 or more rooms and cannot be combined with any other promos, discounts or specials. Advance reservation required. Rates are per room, per night and based on availability at the time of booking.  The hotel will not be responsible for any misplaced/lost tickets.
Go to Top
Stay Longer Get More
We now offer multiple discounts based on your length of stay. Stay 3 or fewer nights and receive 15% off our Standard Rate. If you stay 4 nights, you can receive a 20% discount, and stay 5 nights or more and receive 25% off the standard rate.
Terms/Conditions:
Limited number of rooms are available for this promotion. Tax is additional. Offer does not apply to groups of 10 or more rooms and cannot be combined with any other promos, discounts or specials. Blackout dates and other restrictions may apply. Advance reservation required. Rates are per room, per night and based on availability at the time of booking.
Go to Top
Business Premium
The Business Premium Package gives you the best in business travel amenities at our hotel. As a busy professional, we understand you need the flexibility to be able to check in and out at your convenience. You want to be able to work when you need to and stay connected to your colleagues and your office. In addition, we provide you with a healthy breakfast daily, so you can save on meals and don't have to worry about grabbing something to eat on the way to that important meeting.
This package includes:
Guaranteed Early Check-in or Late Check-out
Complimentary Premium WiFi up to 5 MB
Daily Continental Breakfast at Sky Lounge with panoramic view
Free Local call and Toll Free numbers
Check availability and rates now!
Terms/Conditions:
Valid Sunday - Thursday through 12/29/12. Early check-in is at 10:00 am and Latest check-out is at 3:00 pm. Limited number of rooms are available for this promotion. Room types are subject to availability. Tax is additional. Offer does not apply to group of 10 or more rooms. Offer Cannot be combined with any other promotions. Blackout dates may apply. 24 hour Advance reservations required. Other restrictions may apply.
Go to Top
NYC Shopping Package
For our serious shoppers, the NYC Shopping Package allows you to travel and shop, all at the same time! What could be better? So many of you have told us that one of your favorite things to do in New York City is ... SHOP! Well, now we're making it easier for you to shop - AND SAVE! And enjoy a free gift on us when you book this special - a helpful souvenir for you to carry your valuables and commemorate your travels.
This special includes:
$25 Macy's gift card per stay
Daily continental breakfast coupons for two at Tick Tock Diner
Shopping coupons at Macy's
New Yorker Hotel signature Tote bag
Terms/Condition:
Valid 7 days a week through 12/29/12. One gift card per stay, per reservation. The hotel will not be responsible for any misplaced/lost gift card. Limited number of rooms are available for this promotion. Room types are subject to availability. Tax is additional. Offer does not apply to group of 10 or more rooms. Offer Cannot be combined with any other promotions. Blackout dates may apply. 24 hour Advance reservations required. Other restrictions may apply.
Go to Top
Armed Forces Special
The New Yorker Hotel proudly recognizes the important role of our U.S. servicemen and women. If you have served in the armed services you qualify for a special discount of 20% off our best available rates. Make your reservation with us directly either online or by calling our reservations department. When you arrive at the hotel please present your military identification and the discount will be automatically applied. This discount cannot be combined with any other discount and promotion.
Go to Top
Broadway Package
Broadway Package includes: The New Yorker Hotel accommodations for one or more nights stay and choice of Broadway show. Enjoy the show in prime seating locations, either in the orchestra or the front mezzanine. For rates and availability, call 1-800-694-1812 or
for details.
Go to Top
Gov. Per Diem Special
Thank you for choosing the New Yorker Hotel's Government Per diem Special. This package offers some of the best savings in NYC for government employees, a savings of up to $65 just for you. Continental breakfast in our exclusive Sky Lounge is also included each morning of your stay.
Terms/Conditions:
Valid 7 days a week. This offer is reserved for federal, state and municipal government employees. Guests must present official government identification upon check-in. Limited number of rooms are available for this promotion. Tax is additional. Offer does not apply to groups of 10 or more rooms and cannot be combined with any other promos, discounts or specials. Blackout dates and other restrictions may apply. Advance reservation required. Rates are per room, per night and based on availability at the time of booking.
Go to Top
Girls Get Set! Package
You never know who you're going to run into in New York, so whether you're here to sightsee, shop, or party you should always be looking your best! This package includes a Sephora© Colorista Makeup Palette (for you to keep)- which comes complete with 40 eye shadows, 5 cream eyeliners, 15 lipsticks/lip glosses, 4 blushes, and 2 bronzers. No matter what look you are going for, this palette can help you achieve it while you're here in NY and even after you go home! Also included are two coupons for complimentary cocktails in Cooper's Tavern (located inside the New Yorker Hotel) so you can unwind after a long day exploring or get the night started right before heading out on the town! We'll also complimentary upgrade you to one of our view rooms so that the New York City skyline can inspire a new look for you. Check availability and rates now!
Included in this package is:
One Sephora© Colorista Palette ($155 Value)
Two complimentary cocktail coupons (per stay) for Cooper's Tavern
Guaranteed View Room
Terms/Conditions:
Valid 7 days a week through 12/29/12. The hotel will not be responsible for any misplaced/lost items or coupons. Limited number of rooms are available for this promotion. Room types are subject to availability. Tax is additional. Offer does not apply to group of 10 or more rooms. Offer Cannot be combined with any other promotions. Blackout dates may apply. 24 hour Advance reservations required. Other restrictions may apply. ©Copyright/Trademark: New Yorker Hotel is not affiliated with any cosmetic company. All company or product names used on this site are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
