 
Welcome to New York Stay:
New York is the city that never sleeps, but you DO need to sleep, so, let us help you to find the perfect place to stay in New York such New York apartments, New York Vacation Rentals, long term and short term rentals.
Whether you are searching for the height of luxury in uptown Manhattan or a bargain in newly trendy Brooklyn, no other website offers as varied a range of accommodation types as New York Stay .  New York Apartment Rentals, Self-catering apartments, five star hotels, friendly Bed & Breakfasts and fun hostels, we have brought together the very best New York accommodation including, exclusive to this website, our famous selection of New York vacation rental apartments .
The Problem with New York Accommodation ...
New York is the greatest city in the world and it often seems as if the entire world is clamoring to be here!  An average of over one million people per week visit this already densely populated city and that means that New York accommodation is expensive, very expensive.  High demand also means that many property owners provide bad service and, sadly, some are downright dishonest.  There are, however, still ways to avoid the pitfalls and to get good value for your money.  Our job is to help you find the best possible accommodation for your stay in New York.
… How We Solve the New York Accommodation Problem
Since 2003, we have been based right here in New York, visiting properties in person, getting to know the owners and dealing with problems as they arise.  We are a small, focused, hands-on business, not a faceless corporation with nothing but a website and crossed fingers.  84% of our bookings are from repeat customers and some of them have been using our service for years - we are proud of the fact that, once our customers discover New York Stay, they stick with us.
Choosing the Right Type of New York Accommodation
We offer all the usual types of accommodation - hotels, corporate apartments, aparthotels, Bed & Breakfasts and hostels - but we particularly recommend our New York vacation rental apartments.  This is a phenomenon that took off alongside the Internet: privately owned apartments offered on a nightly basis, with levels of privacy, comfort, convenience and value that directly challenged the monopoly previously enjoyed by hotels.  Nowhere have hotels enjoyed a greater monopoly than in New York City and, if you have only ever stayed in hotels here, we would certainly encourage you to consider whether New York self-catering apartments might offer you better value for your dollar.
New York Apartments
Our self-catering furnished New York apartments  range from studios apartments to penthouses, from one bedroom properties all the way up to five bedrooms, in locations all over the city.  We even offer some grand New York townhouses!  Let us know what your plans and priorities and we will be able to suggest the most convenient areas for your specific needs.  Apartments are typically much more comfortable than equivalent hotel rooms and, although eating out is wonderful in New York, having a kitchen to prepare your own meals occasionally can be good too.
By number of people:
