Sale - $10 Off on New York City Hotels**
Why Book Hotels on CheapOstay?
» Over 100,000 Hotel Rates To Compare
» Bargain Nightly Rates For Luxury & Family Hotels
» Save Up To 50% On Brand & Local Hotel Chains
» Search for Hotels By City, Airport, Landmark
» Lowest Rates For Resorts, Motels, & Rentals
» Exclusive Direct Hotel Deals - CheapOpicks
» Free Hotel Room Upgrades & Nightly Stays
» Last Minute Hotel Specials
 
Book Cheap Hotels in New York City
One of the major cities in the world, New York is one of the top tourist destinations in America. Whether you are here to attend a festival or a business conference, hotels and guest houses offer deluxe to budget accommodations throughout the city. The city boasts plethora of accommodation options ranging from the most expensive and luxurious hotels in the world, to a wide range of mid-priced rooms and less expensive hostels. Grand Hyatt New York is one of the best options for business travelers offering easy access to local attractions. The Four Seasons Hotel New York, The New York Palace Hotel and Hotel Plaza Athenee are some of the other good options offering a variety of amenities and services that are sure to make your New York City vacation luxurious.
Budget travelers can rent an apartment rather than staying in a New York City hotel. Some of the best budget hotels in the city include; Broadway Inn, Travel Inn, The Liberty Inn, Murray Hill East Suite Hotel, On the Ave and Hotel 41 at Times Square. You can also save some bucks by sharing a hall bathroom with your fellow travelers. It is always recommended to book a room in advance at certain times of the year; in particular summer and Christmas, many of the New York hotels are filled to capacity.
 
* “Up to 50% discounts” are based upon full published hotel rates and may vary based upon destination, seasonality, day of the week, time of booking, length of stay and hotel availability. All discount rates are subject to minimum length of stay requirements, blackout dates, restricted arrival dates and any other terms and conditions as determined by the individual hotel property. Actual discount may vary and is subject to change at any time. In the event no discount rate is available, the hotel published rates may apply.
** "Instant Discounts" listed applies only on our booking service fee and not hotel room rate, the maximum amount of discount will be based on the total booking service fees for that room and will not exceed the booking service fee amount, the discount offer may change without notice. Offer is valid on specially marked hotels. Maximum discount per night will be $5 per night and will be valid for up to a 7 night stay.
Please Note: All average nightly rates displayed are based in USD excluding taxes and fees.
 
