INTERCONTINENTAL NEW YORK HOTEL,
A NEW LANDMARK IN TIMES SQUARE
The InterContinental New York Times Square hotel rises 36 stories above the heart of the world famous Times Square district – the epicenter of the theatre, dining, media and business worlds. 
With a chic-Manhattan residential feel, the brand new InterContinental  New York is a refreshing sanctuary from the sights and sounds of New  York City.  Conveniently located at 44th Street and 8th Avenue, this New York hotel is within walking distance to the Broadway Theatre District, extraordinary  shopping and fabulous restaurants including “Ça Va,” the  hotel’s onsite French inspired bistro by Celebrity Chef Todd English.
The InterContinental Times Square features 607 luxurious guestrooms  with floor-to-ceiling windows offering stunning panoramic views of  the Manhattan skyline, Hudson River and Broadway, 29 suites including a  dramatic 2700-sq-ft Penthouse Suite with three bedrooms, two-story living space  with master bedroom fireplace, private bath with a free standing tub and  sliding glass doors overlooking spectacular views of New York City.
Guests also enjoy large spa-inspired bathrooms with walk-in rain showers, 42  inch HDTVs and both wired and wireless Internet access. If planning a New York meeting or social event ,  we welcome you to discover our 10,000 square feet  of world-class banquet and event space including the 4,000 square  foot Gotham Grand Ballroom.
Committed to the environment, the InterContinental New York Times Square  hotel has undertaken a number of green initiatives in its pursuit of LEED  certification (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design). The hotel is one  of the most environmentally responsible New York City hotels and the largest  new-build hotel to achieve LEED status on the Eastern Seaboard.
Earn More Than Ever Before!
Starting February 15, 2012, you will earn 10 Priority Club   points or 2 airline miles for every US$1 you spend at  InterContinental   Hotels and Resorts  in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Latin America and the   Caribbean.
