Tweet
Quality service and exceptional comfort at our New York City Hotel
When it comes to New York hotels, you want ultimate convenience and exceptional service. At the Radisson Lexington Hotel, you get all of that and more. Located in the heart of Manhattan’s fashionable East Side near Grand Central Terminal and the United Nations, our guests have instant access to world-class cuisine, a popular dance club and a top-notch athletic facility. We also offer spacious meeting facilities, luxurious amenities and a redesigned lobby. Other hotels in Manhattan simply don’t compare to the Radisson Lexington … find out why.
Stylish Hotel Rooms >
Radisson Lexington Hotel Rooms
Our rooms were designed with guest comfort in mind. All Lexington hotel rooms and suites feature marble bathrooms, plus LG HD flatscreen TVs with HD channels, ergonomic Herman Miller chairs, wireless Internet and cable TV. For added room, reserve one of our spacious suites and experience New York in style.
Superior Hotel Services >
Radisson Lexington Hotel Services
Guests at the Radisson Lexington Hotel New York can enjoy a workout in our Fitness Center or sip a Starbucks© cappuccino in our modern lobby. For business travelers, our New York City hotel features wired and wireless Internet and a well-equipped Business Center , as well as fax and photocopy machines.
New York Groups & Meetings >
Radisson Lexington Hotel Meeting Rooms
The perfect location for a variety of meetings and events, this hotel in NYC is centrally located in the city's business district and features excellent event services. The Radisson features two boardrooms, a meeting room for up to 50 people, state-of-the-art technology and administrative support - submit a New York event request .
Dining at our New York Hotel >
Radisson Lexington Hotel Dining
The Radisson is the only Midtown Manhattan hotel to feature distinct dining outlets, ranging from the Chinese-influenced S. Dynasty to Starbucks®. The Radisson is perfect for foodies - guests can take a culinary tour of the world without ever leaving the hotel. Room service is available.
Discovering the Local Area >
Radisson Lexington Hotel Local Area
Whether you’re looking specifically for Rockefeller Center hotels or simply want to be amidst the city’s many wonders, we’re ideally placed for exploring New York's attractions. Located on the East Side in Midtown’s business district, we’re only steps away from Madison Avenue’s world-class shopping. Our guests can enjoy local attractions including the Museum of Modern Art, Central Park, St. Patrick’s Cathedral and much more. In a business state of mind? We’re also just a short walk from Citigroup, Unilever, Pfizer and other Fortune 500 companies in Midtown Manhattan.
HOTEL AMENITIES
