The Algonquin Hotel
The Algonquin Hotel has stood tall in Midtown for more than a century and is close to many famous destinations like Times Square, Broadway, and Fifth Avenue. In each room, you will find flat-screen televisions, walk-in closets, complimentary wireless Internet access, and bathrobes. The Algonquin Hotel has a Roaring 20s feel to it and on each door you'll find a quote from a famous writer, giving you a special feeling of the culture and history of New York City.
Hotel Pennsylvania
The Hotel Pennsylvania offers many different things to all of its guests at this Midtown destination. Just across the street from Madison Square Garden, you can catch a sporting event, concert, or other special event at a famous location. The Empire State Building, Macy's in Herald Square, and Penn Station are all close by. The hotel features a 24-hour fitness center, a few choices for restaurants, and wireless Internet access in common areas, for a fee. High-speed Internet access is also available in rooms for a fee and refrigerators can be obtained upon request.
The Iroquois
The Iroquois Hotel offers coffee, hot cider, or iced tea to get your day going each morning. This Midtown hotel has a variety of amenities that include a 24-hour fitness center, a sauna, a French bistro, and a well-stocked library that includes various DVDs, video games, and more. The Iroquois Hotel is located by the Garment District, Times Square, and the Theater District, so soaking up the Midtown culture is not a problem. Complimentary wireless Internet access will keep you connected to your contacts back home.
Doubletree By Hilton Metropolitan - New York City
The East Side of Midtown Manhattan is home to the Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel New York City. A contemporary, full-service hotel, the Doubletree is a short walk from museums, shops, theaters, and attractions including Radio City Music Hall, Central Park, St. Patrick’s Cathedral, and the Empire State Building. The location is also convenient to Grand Central Station and the Midtown Business District. All guests can use the hotel’s high-speed Internet access, complimentary 24-hour fitness center, and on-site restaurant. Services for working travelers include the business center, banquet space, equipment rentals, and meeting rooms. Newly renovated guest rooms are spacious and equipped with high-tech and luxurious amenities. Signature warm chocolate chip cookies are available upon check-in.
Hotel Sofitel New York
The Sofitel New York is a hotel located in Midtown Manhattan with much to offer its guests. With its prime location in Midtown, the Sofitel New York is close to Fifth Avenue shopping, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, and many other famous tourist destinations. There is a modern décor in each of the rooms that also include feather-top mattresses, 300-thread count linens, marble bathrooms, and soaking tubs. For the business traveler, there is a great deal of meeting space, as well as high-speed Internet access for a fee.
King & Grove New York
New York City’s Hotel Thirty Thirty – located at 30 East 30th Street – is a Midtown Manhattan hotel. The property is conveniently situated near the neighborhoods of Gramercy Park, Murray Hill, and Union Square, as well as the iconic Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, and more. Business and leisure travelers alike choose this European-style hotel for its comfort, convenience, and affordable pricing. The 255 guest rooms have high-speed Internet access and come outfitted with an alarm clock, data port, voice mail, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, 100 percent cotton bath towels, and luxurious 340-thread cotton linens. Hotel Thirty Thirty is a pet-friendly hotel.
The Bryant Park Hotel
Bryant Park Hotel is a 25-story property in Midtown Manhattan that has many guest rooms to keep you comfortable throughout your stay. It is close to the Garment District, Rockefeller Center, Radio City, and many other fun Midtown attractions. Down comforters, neck pillows, makeup mirrors, and hardwood floors are just some of the amenities of the Bryant Park Hotel. There is also high-speed Internet access available in each room to keep guests connected to their homes or offices.
City Club Hotel
The City Club Hotel is located in Midtown Manhattan and has a variety of amenities. Some of these include complimentary Internet access, turndown service, premium bedding, and much more to keep your stay in Midtown comfortable. The City Club Hotel is also surrounded by a strong culture, as it is located between the Times Square Theater District and Fifth Avenue—a staple of the highest level of shopping. There are 65 guest rooms in this nine-story Midtown hotel.
Hotel Mela
Hotel Mela in Midtown Manhattan is located right in the heart of the Theater District. Some of the other great tourist opportunities include Times Square, Bryant Park, and the Ford Center for the Performing Arts. There are 230 guest rooms in this Midtown hotel that include flat-screen LCD televisions, complimentary Wireless Internet access, coffeemakers, terry-cloth robes, mini-bars, and pillow-top mattresses for extra comfort. There is a fitness center on-site and a French/Asian bistro for your dining convenience.
Doubletree By Hilton Hotel New York - Times Square South
At the Wyndham Garden Hotel in Midtown Manhattan, you will find that you are close to many different locations and privy to a variety of amenities. For those traveling on business, the Midtown Convention Center is on the very same property, making it very convenient. Additionally, the Jacob Javits Center, Madison Square Garden, Fifth Avenue, and Central Park are all close by. The hotel, itself, includes a café, fitness center, business center, Internet access for a fee, and great views of the City.
Americana Inn
The Americana Inn is located in Midtown in New York City and provides a prime location for sightseeing, shopping, and more. Located close to Macy's in Herald Square, Fifth Avenue, and close to Times Square, the Americana Inn is very convenient for any type of traveler. Because the Americana Inn is in Midtown, it is easily accessible to the main streets to catch a cab to any other part of the city. The Americana Inn is a budget-friendly hotel that includes shared baths and a community kitchen on each floor.
New York Inn
The New York Inn is in a prime Midtown location in New York City. From Broadway shows to the lights of Times Square to the shopping of Herald Square and Fifth Avenue, the New York Inn can provide a convenient place to rest your head while you are in town. It is also close to Penn Station, Grand Central Station, and the Port Authority, so visiting locations outside of the city is possible. Some amenities include cable television, a wake-up service, and a continental American breakfast each morning.
