10 Reasons Why NYC Hotels Appeal to Investors
New York City can support countless hotels in several categories - from  budget to luxury properties.
New York City is an expansive metropolis with the largest population in New  York State.
The Big Apple is the business center of the US.
NYC industrial and business growth exceed expectations on a consistent  basis.
Further economic development is expected within New York City in the future.
As the hub of industrial and business activities, this global center will  continue to attract visitors.
NYC attractions draw millions of tourists on an annual basis.
The demand for hotels continues to grow in New York City.
Investing in NYC hotels is not a risky move.
New York City is an established, historically-sound market.
How To Find - NYC Hotels For Sale
Domain Properties reveals that there are plenty of hotels for sale in New  York City and now is the best time to invest in the industry. Hotel investment opportunities abound in this thriving metropolis. The NYC hotel sector is  experiencing a never-before-seen boom in business.
Finding hotels for sale in NYC is not a complicated process. Check out the  latest hotel deals with the help of Domain Properties. With more than two  decades of experience in the industry, this expert team 'know' hotels in New  York City. The company is familiar with all NYC hotel properties and the  different factors that would influence an investor's decision including  location, significance, and profitability.
During 2011, hotel investment has been very competitive in the New York City market. Overall sales have exceeded previous estimates. The current growth is  expected to continue in the coming years.
Domain Hotel Properties Releases Details of Recent NYC Hotel Transactions
In early June, LaSalle Hotel Properties announced their intentions to  acquire the 934-room Park Central Park on Seventh Avenue in midtown Manhattan  for $405.5 million. The deal should close in late 2011.
Recently, Morgans Hotel Group Co. closed the sale of two Midtown Manhattan  hotels – Royalton and Morgans . The buyer was an affiliate of FelCor Lodging  Trust Inc. and the sale price was $140 million ($496,000 per room). Morgan  Hotels will continue to operate both hotels under a long-term (15-year)  management agreement.
The 597-room Paramount Hotel , one of the biggest boutique hotels in the  hotel industry, has been sold to developer Aby Rosen for $275 million. The  Paramount is a landmark property - one of the first hotels opened by former  nightclub impresarios Ian Schrager and Steve Rubell.
Contact Domain Properties for NYC Hotel Investments
Domain Properties Deals Directly with Principals and Investors
OFF MARKET Hotel Investment NYC
Domain Properties ~ Tel: 646-403-4441 or email to
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Hotels For Sale in New York
Hotel Acquisition / Disposition
