View hotel map of Brooklyn »
Brooklyn is one of the boroughs of the grand metropolis known as New York City, but it is pretty much still a city all by itself. This is no small town we are talking about here, as Brooklyn has a population of more than 2 million people. Several of New York’s well-known attractions are actually in this borough, and it is also home to many of the people who fill Manhattan’s offices and subways each day. While all of New York City tends to be expensive for travelers, many of the budget hotels in the city are actually cheap hotels in Brooklyn.
Now, if you are primarily going to be visiting sites in Manhattan, it really does not make much sense to choose a hotel outside Manhattan – even if you find lots of cheap hotels in Brooklyn. Getting back and forth from hotel to tourist attractions takes time, and that is valuable vacation time you might end up wasting on a subway or bus. If, on the other hand, you are visiting Brooklyn sights or in this busy borough for reasons other than touristy ones, then choosing a budget hotel in Brooklyn is absolutely the wisest thing to do.
Some of the attractions in Brooklyn will be familiar to you, but you may not have known they were in Brooklyn. Of course, things like the Brooklyn Bridge are obvious – but what about Brighton Beach or Coney Island? The former is home to a huge Russian speaking community and a great boardwalk, and the latter is just about the best place to grab a hot dog (and then make yourself sick on any number of amusement park rides). For a little peace and quiet, check out Prospect Park or the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.
A few of the cheap hotels in Brooklyn that you may want to check into before your trip are Hotel Le Jolie (in Williamsburg neighborhood, near the East River & Williamsburg Bridge, 54 rooms, free WiFi and internet access, close to 2 subway lines, free in-room coffee & tea, laundry service available), Holiday Inn Express Brooklyn (in Park Slope, 115 rooms, free continental breakfast buffet, free WiFi access, some parking available for a fee, pets allowed), Nu Hotel (near Carroll Gardens, 93 loft-style rooms, free WiFi access, free continental breakfast, fitness center, valet parking available, light tapas menu in the evening, on-site bar), and Regina’s New York B&B (in the Fort Greene neighborhood, typical New York brownstone, free breakfast Monday-Friday).
Map of Brooklyn Hotels
