Tweet
Get the inside scoop on all things NYC with NYC Tourist, Your New York City Experts
NYC Tourist is the best place for information and deals on New York City hotels, tours, find the best nightlife, restaurants and Broadway tickets.  First thing's first - when planning a trip to New York, you'll need a place to stay.  If you're coming to New York City and are looking for a New York hotel that will leave a lasting impression, you may decide from either Trump International Hotel & Tower New York , The  Plaza Hotel, The W Hotels in New York, Crowne Plaza Hotels, Times Square Manhattan, The London NYC, Marriot Marquis, or even The Waldorf-Astoria, just to name a few of the many luxury New York City hotels. No matter which one of the many New York City luxury hotels you choose, it will forever be etched in your mind as part of what made your vacation to New York a memorable one.
New York City Hotels
New York City hotels are the heart of the NYC Tourism industry. Within the city's five boroughs you'll find everything from budget NYC hotels, like the Comfort Inn Theater District and La Quinta Inn Queens , to famous NYC luxury hotels like these:
The Surrey NYC : One of the most famous hotels in New York is The Surrey NYC. Located on Manhattan's posh Upper East Side, this stylish 4.5-star NYC luxury hotel boasts generously appointed rooms, an acclaimed on-site restaurant, and a world-renowned spa, in addition to a  private rooftop garden with dazzling views of Central Park. From the moment you arrive till the moment you depart, you'll be treated like royalty.
Mandarin Oriental NYC : On the opposite side of Manhattan you'll find the Mandarin Oriental NYC, a 5.0-star super luxury NYC hotel. This sophisticated hotel property, one of only a handful of Manhattan hotels to feature an indoor pool, strives to exceed guest expectations with impeccable service, gorgeous rooms, and sumptuous amenities.
New York City Attractions
There's no shortage of fun things to do in New York City. To begin, you might take a stroll down Museum Mile NYC, where you'll find many of the world's most prestigious art and natural history museums, including the iconic Guggenheim Museum and the palatial Metropolitan Museum of Art . After that, you might spend a few blissful hours in the 843-acre sanctuary of Central Park , bird-watching and sun-bathing; or, if the weather's inclement, you might head south to Chelsea Piers , the largest health club in New York City and the only place where you can go ice skating year-round.
Bookworms and bibliophiles will enjoy browsing the countless articles in the NYC Public Library , while sports enthusiasts will take pleasure in the supreme thrill of a New York Mets or Yankees game . Fans of Good Morning America will want to pledge their love outside Times Square Studios NYC. Whatever you choose, you're sure to have the experience of a lifetime!
Tours of New York City
Today, New York City Tourism continues to thrive on account of its famous attractions. With so many fun things to do in NY, it's easy to be overwhelmed. To  ensure that you see everything you'd like to see, consider taking a  guided bus or walking tour. These popular NYC tours,  which range in price from $30 to $300, are ideal for those first-time  NYC travelers who would like to familiarize themselves with the city and  its landmarks. If you'd like to enjoy the comfort and convenience of a  double-decker sightseeing bus, but you'd like to remain free to explore  the city at your own pace, you might try Shop, Hop, and Top NYC Bus Tour by CitySights. With this hop-on hop-off bus tour, you'll enjoy 96 hours of access to all CitySights buses, with the freedom to stop, shop, and eat whenever you please.
NYCtourist - Offering You the best deals on NYC Hotels and Attractions
NYCtourist is the premier choice for great deals on New York City hotels, tours, and attractions. Not only will you find up-to-date information on all that's hot in NYC, you'll find fantastic promo codes for New York City hotels, tours, and hit Broadway shows. For more information about New York City and travel in general, check out the official New York City website , this New York City hotels wiki , and the New York Times Travel Guide .
NYC Calendar
