Download Adobe Flash Player  Flash slideshow with photos
Translate:
Wolcott Hotel in the News
Immerse yourself in living history at The Hotel Wolcott near Murray Hill, New York, where beauty and grace are evident in every architectural detail and where the warm service harkens back to a long-past era of hospitality. 
Listen, haven't we all had enough of boring, one-size-fits-all chain hotels? This time around, choose a hotel in NYC that's as beautiful as it is affordable. Take advantage of our elegant and home-like accommodations in Manhattan while enjoying the perks of being just three blocks away from the Empire State Building along 5th Avenue.
Historical Midtown New York Charm with Modern Conveniences
If only we all looked this good at one hundred years old! Our Beautiful Manhattan hotel still proudly maintains the building's original architectural details, adding a wonderful charm and originality you won't find at other downtown New York hotels, especially at the amazing rates you'll enjoy when you stay with us. The Wolcott Hotel boasts a glittering decor while offering modern conveniences , including Internet access and a fitness facility. You'll also appreciate:
Premier Location in the Heart of NYC
Internet Throughout the Building
Meeting Room with 265 Square Feet of Space
Concierge Desk with Tickets to Local Attractions
Affordable Rates In the Heart of New York City
Each of our 200 private guest rooms beckons you to relax and rejuvenate with comfortable amenities that make it hard to be homesick. Unwind with your feet up while watching cable TV and if you must, get some productive time in with the workspace and Internet access. If you need a bit more space, we even have 63 two-room suites with your choice of two or three beds.
A Location Worth Writing Home About
Situated only three blocks from the Empire State Building and within walking distance of Rockefeller Plaza, the Javits Center and most subway lines and transportation hubs, our cheap prices make our hotel in NYC a rarity among other Manhattan hotels that charge at least three times as much—just for the location! Known as the city that never sleeps, New York is a dynamic metropolis that is home to countless events  throughout the year. From the shows of Broadway, cultural festivals in surrounding neighborhoods to concerts at Madison Square Garden or Lincoln Center, you're sure to enjoy every minute of your New York City vacation.
Contact the concierge of The Wolcott Hotel at (212) 268-2900, extension 7275 or email us directly to begin planning your upcoming trip to New York City. Our friendly and multilingual staff is also ready to assist with group reservations.
