This offer is non-refundable and cannot be changed or cancelled.
No refunds will be issued for late check-in or early check-out.
Stay extensions require a new reservation.
If you wish to book multiple rooms, you must use a different name for each room or the duplicate reservation MAY be cancelled by the hotel.
Your credit card is charged the total cost at time of purchase. Prices and room availability are not guaranteed until full payment is received.
14-Day advance purchase and save 15%
*30-Day Advance purchase and save 25%
(*Note: 7 night minimum stay required)
Available for Stays through March 31, 2013
Book Dates now through November 30, 2012
Terms: Subject to Availability
Return to Top
• Broadway Package •
Enjoy one or more night's accommodation and experience the true excitement of the city by seeing one of Broadway's spectacular performances. Select from top hits such as 'Wicked' and 'Jersey Boys', or the classics such as 'Phantom of the Opera', 'The Lion King' and many more.
Package includes:
Hotel accommodations for one or more nights, all taxes included
Choice of Broadway show.  Enjoy the show in prime seating locations, either in the orchestra or the front mezzanine
Complete package for 2 starting at USD$537
Please call our package department Monday to Friday - 9:00 am to 7:00 pm (EST) at  1-800-694-1812 for rates, availability and reservations, or email
Return to Top
• New York Sightseeing Package •
Enjoy the best New York has to offer with the most popular outdoor sights and attractions, all in one convenient package. This package is a must for first time visitors, or those who want to see all of the most popular sights in a convenient and flexible way.
Package includes:
Hotel accommodations for one or more nights, all taxes included
48 hour pass to the hop-on, hop-off double decker bus (makes over 40 stops) plus get a ticket to the ferry to Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island and a ticket to the Empire State Building Observatory
Complete package for 2 starting at USD$387
Please call our package department Monday to Friday - 9:00 am to 7:00 pm (EST) at  1-800-694-1812 for rates, availability and reservations, or email
