Area Map, Hotels & Specials
The Empire State Plaza - Albany, NY
Albany, at times overshadowed by more famous New York destinations, begins the summer season at the Albany Tulip Festival. New York’s Capital city and heart of the Empire State’s Capital Region, Albany is a must-see destination for travelers in the state. Pig out at July’s Pig Out BBQ Festival in the Albany suburb of Troy , or put summer 2012 behind you at the Port of Albany Riverfront Jazz Festival the weekend after Labor Day. Venture around New York’s Capital Region for the Ithaca Festival the first week of June, or the Great New York State Fair in Syracuse – it’s a New York state summer.
Get a jump on summer at the 64th Annual Albany Tulip Festival. A late spring tradition in New York’s Capital Region, the 2012 Tulip Festival is May 12th & 13th. This free event celebrates the blooming of over 100,000 tulips throughout Washington Park in downtown Albany. Weekend events include Solar City’s Green Market, two stages of live performances and entertainment, as well as the KidZone. Don’t miss the crowning of Albany’s mother of the year Sunday at noon.
Learn to Hula with the 2012 Ithaca Festival Hula Dance Team. No experience required to join the fun at the 2012 Ithaca Festival. Ithaca’s Hula Hut Polynesian Dance leads the team the weekend after Memorial Day, at the Ithaca Festival May 31st through June 3rd. A Thursday evening parade down Cayuga Street to Dewitt Park kicks off a weekend of fun. Enjoy live music, an arts festival and plenty of food and drink, and launch your summer off to a great start.
Troy, north of Albany on Interstate 787, officially pig’s out in July. The 5th ever Pig Out is one of Troy’s most popular summer events. Join the 2012 Pig Out July 13th and 14th, as BBQ teams from across the US compete in this sanctioned event. Along with BBQ events, guest enjoy live music, chef demonstrations and Saturday Night fireworks. Come taste the best of barbecue from chefs across the US, and cast your vote for people’s choice.
Summer is not summer without a trip to the fair. It doesn’t get better than the 2012 Great New York State Fair. Hosted at the New York State Fairgrounds in northwest Syracuse off Interstate 690, the New York State Fair is one of the state’s biggest events. See exhibits of the best of New York livestock, agriculture, arts and home goods. Enjoy top-name entertainment, mid-way games and attractions, and spectacular food. Visit from August 23rd to September 3rd for some end of summer excitement.
Put the Albany Riverfront on the calendar after Labor Day for the Port of Albany’s 2012 Riverfront Jazz Festival. Save September 8th for a visit to the Corning Preserve for your seat at the Albany Riverfront Park amphitheater. Along with performances from top Jazz musicians, the festivities include food, beverages, and kids’ activities all topped off at the end of the evening with a spectacular fireworks show. And it’s free, so bring friends and family along for the festivities.
