Overnight parking accommodations offered complimentary in our covered, valet parking garage located at the hotel
In and out privileges are not offered for this package
Price for parking is just 1 cent more than the Best Flexible Rate
Check Availability
Museum of Modern Art Package
Fresh from its most complete renovation and re-imagination in 75 years, the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA) is better than ever. Book this package to skip the long lines and get two admission tickets.
Our Package Includes:
2 admission tickets to the Museum of Modern Art
MOMA is located on West 53rd Street, a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
Check Availability
Bloomingdale’s + Macy’s Shopping Package
Attention shoppers! Book our Bloomingdale’s & Macy’s Shopping Package and receive 10% off your purchases and a free personal shopper. Adding to the fun, you get a coupon for a free appetizer and priority seating at Planet Hollywood in Times Square.
Overnight accommodations
10% discount at Bloomingdale’s and Macy’s
Free personal shopper at Bloomingdale’s
Coupon for free appetizer at Planet Hollywood
Priority seating at Planet Hollywood
Planet Hollywood coupon valid with additional purchase. NY residents not eligible for shopping discount.
Check Availability
Upgrade to the Concierge Lounge
One of the best deals in Times Square, we now offer lounge access from any room type.  Select this package and you can confirm the room type of your choice and still have all the benefits of the Concierge Lounge.
Overnight Accommodations
Access to our Concierge Lounge
Our Concierge Lounge offers the following daily:
Complimentary Continental breakfast between 6:30 a.m. – 11:00 a.m
Complimentary Snack between 3:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Cash bar and complimentary cheese, crackers and fruit between 5:00 p.m. – 7:30 p.m.
Check Availability
First Time To New York Package
Make your first trip to New York your best. Enjoy the many sights via the On Board Bus Tour, which gives you a 5½-hour tour of the city on a covered bus, plus a 1-hour harbor cruise around the Statue of Liberty. Tour stops include: Central Park, Rockefeller Center, South Street Seaport, Wall Street and Ground Zero.
You’ll also receive a handy New York City sightseeing map and a commemorative picture frame to capture your favorite NYC moment. As an added once-in-a-lifetime thrill, we will place your name on the huge marquee above the Hershey’s Store in Times Square!
Luxury Times Square accommodations
2 passes to the On Board Bus Tour
A commemorative picture frame
New York City sightseeing map
Your name on the big Times Square marquee
1-hour Harbor Cruise around the Statue of Liberty
*Extra tour passes may be purchased. One picture frame, sightseeing map and marquee placement per stay. Any number of consecutive nights is considered a single stay.
Check Availability
Romantic Escape Package
Thousands of romances have been started or rekindled on The Great White Way, Broadway. Yours could be the next! This romantic New York getaway package includes:
Overnight accommodations
One bottle of sparkling wine per stay
One bouquet of flowers per stay
One box of Neuhaus Chocolates per stay
*Please note that any number of consecutive nights at the same hotel is considered one stay
Check Availability
The Premier Movie Package
Perfect for the business traveler unable to expense an on-demand movie, or the leisure traveler looking for a convenient retreat. Enjoy our new 37” flat screen HDTVs with an in-room movie experience! This Times Square hotel deal includes:
Overnight accommodations
One in-room movie on demand each night of your stay
Complimentary popcorn & soda for 2 from Room Service daily
