nyma, The New York Manhattan Hotel
6 West 32nd Street, New York, NY 10001 ( map ) 1.800.567.7720 / 1.212.643.7100
 
Our gallery requires JavaScript and the Flash Player. Get Flash
The best hotels fit your budget without ever being cheap. At nyma, the new york manhattan hotel, our rates may qualify as discount, but our amenities and services are on par with many of the upscale hotels in the Manhattan.
nyma is Apple Core's newest addition, a boutique hotel located on 32nd Street between Fifth Avenue and Broadway, just steps from the Empire State Building, Macy's, the fashion district, Penn Station and Madison Square Garden. The Jacob Javits Convention Center is also close by.
Enter the newly renovated brightly lit, lobby which features eco-friendly design elements such as sunstone reclaimed glass, recycled wood fiberboard and LED light fixtures.
And the newest addition is the Mezzazine Lounge. The Mezzanine Lounge has a comfortable seating area with flat screen televisions and a working station for laptops with free Wi-Fi and outlets for charging cell phones. Enjoy complimentary coffee, tea, hot chocolate and cappuccino, 24-hours a day as well.
nyma puts you at ease in many other ways, as well. nyma offers free WiFi Internet access, complimentary continental breakfast, free calls nationwide, flat screen TVs, daily newspapers, in-room personal safes, as well as reduced-rate parking.
All rooms are equipped with an iron, ironing board, coffee and coffee maker, hairdryers, cordless speakerphones with voicemail, as well as cable TV with Movies on Demand. Microfridges are available in many of our rooms, and larger rooms are available for families or business meetings.
There is nothing "standard" or "economy" about our service levels either: we have full concierge services in the lobby to help with any requests, such as sight-seeing and transportation needs.
And if your NYC adventures don't provide enough activity, nyma features a complimentary on-site fitness room.
Amenities
Highlights:
Newly renovated lobby with an eco-friendly design
Newly rennovated Mezzanine Lounge with flat screen televisions, laptops wokrstations, complimentary coffee, tea, hot chocolate and cappuccino, 24-hours a day.
Complimentary continental breakfast 6:30 am to 10:00 am
Free Wireless Internet access
Complimentary business center with two computers and a printer, in the lobby, available 24 hours a day.
24 Hour Fitness center
Free shoe shine machine available
No charge for calls within the U.S.
All operator-assisted & information calls will be charged (411, 311, etc.)
Concierge Service available
Easy access from the city's airports- JFK, La Guardia, Newark, and Stewart.
Reduced rate parking (see below)
Children under 13 stay free when sharing room with adult(s)
Blocks away from Grand Central Station, Penn Station, and the Port Authority Bus Terminal
Room Amenities:
