 
Travel on a budget… See all of NYC
CHELSEA STAR, an eclectic, budget-priced boutique hotel choice, welcomes worldwide guests seeking THE New York City experience! Interesting décor is everywhere: bright colors, starbursts, and industrial chic touches to delight your eyes.  For those traveling together, even six budget travelers may comfortably share an oversized room at Chelsea Star. And the single traveler need not sacrifice value either: our dorm rooms allow great savings towards everything New York City offers. The CHELSEA STAR provides universal wi-fi and features private Superior rooms, Deluxe rooms, and large Apartment Suites with elegant baths and fully equipped kitchens —great value at affordable prices - perfect for families too. In mild weather, a quiet patio invites guests to linger over their day’s plans, e-mail messages on laptops, have breakfast or enjoy an afternoon respite.
In the Heart of Midtown
The CHELSEA STAR hotel is in Manhattan’s North Chelsea District; once a quiet enclave of historic row houses and elegant churches, this neighborhood has spanned beyond the old borderlines and is now an important West Side district reaching from Greenwich Village to Midtown Manhattan.  And what a district!  Hip, charming, the hub of contemporary art galleries, dance and standup comedy, Off-Broadway theatre, prominent restaurants and amazing pubs; here is New York’s unofficial home to the Gay Community…and everyone else - shopping is everywhere, with funky boutiques, wholesaler bargains, Macy’s and Manhattan Mall.  You will find yourself in the midst of unique New York City landmarks such as Chelsea Piers, the newest High Line Part and the Madison Square Garden. Walk a few blocks to the bright lights of Time Square and further east dig into Fifth Avenue shopping or ascend the Empire State Building! The 9/11 Memorial is a short subway ride downtown as are Lincoln Center, Carnegie Hall and other attractions just 2 or 3 stops uptown. For transportation close by you we have Penn Station, the Port Authority Bus Terminal and the main discount-interstate bus lines, as well as the Westside subway lines.
AND—Events at the Javits Convention Center!  Whether manning your booth or attending an expo—CHELSEA STAR'S guests arrive within an easy walk. Furthermore, all of the city's major parades are only a short walk from  the hotel, including the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
