Ten Best Hotels for the 4th of July - AOL Travel News
Ten Best Hotels for the 4th of July
by Chanize Thorpe Subscribe to Chanize Thorpe's posts Posted Jun 21st 2010 12:42 PM
TEXT SIZE:
Email This
Corbis
Independence Day fireworks are a great American tradition. So why are you watching the festivities in your living room? Make a night of it at one of these 10 hotels across the U.S. They have their city's best vantage points and give you a great view of the show from beachfront barbecues, chic rooftop lounges, or even your own private balcony. Read on for the best places to watch the sky sparkle this 4th of July.
Tropicana Casino & Resort, Atlantic City, NJ
The Alto Vino bar on the rooftop of the Tropicana Casino & Resort has both an extensive wine list and an amazing view of A.C.'s skyline. Guests will be able to see the fireworks completely unobscured on July 2nd during a 25-minute Fireworks by Grucci display along the historic boardwalk. The Grucci family has been in the fireworks game since the mid-1800s, so you can expect quite a show when the first burst opens up over the Atlantic Ocean. www.tropicana.net
Fairfield Inn & Suites, New York City, NY
Check out Macy's annual 4th of July Fireworks spectacular from the Fairfield Inn & Suites in Times Square. Their Sky Room rooftop lounge is said to be the highest in the city and has 360-degree views of the New York skyline and the Hudson River, where the famous pyrotechnic show will be held at 9:20 p.m. This year, more than 40,000 shells launched from six barges and are expected to explode at 1,500 per minute, reaching up to an amazing 1,000 feet in the air. www.marriott.com
InterContinental Mark Hopkins, San Francisco, CA
The InterContinental Mark Hopkins in the Nob Hill neighborhood has a great view of the city, so head to the hotel's Top of the Mark lounge for the four-course Stars & Stripes Sunset Dinner ($79 per person). Rooms facing the bay also have a great view, so you could spend a romantic holiday watching the extravaganza from there. Fireworks launch from the Muni Pier and barges north of Pier 39 and you'll be front and center of the action-as long as San Francisco's famously foggy weather cooperates. www.topofthemark.com
XV Beacon, Boston, MA
The highlight of the week-long Boston Harborfest is the Annual Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular, which will be a sight to see from the private rooftop of the XV Beacon hotel. The historic landmark property dates back to 1903 and is also only a short walk from The Esplanade, where shiploads of fireworks will shoot into the air at 10:30 p.m. www.preferredboutique.com/FifteenBeacon
Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Hotel, Honolulu, HI
The Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Hotel has one of the best vantage points to watch the fireworks since they are shot off from nearby Magic Island. Guests can watch from their rooms, from Duke Kahanamoku beach (named one of Dr. Beach's Top Ten for 2010), or from one of the hotel's beachfront bars. Live bands get the party started and the hotel's huge outdoor barbecue smoker will be working overtime. Stay three or more nights during the holiday and rates begin at $209 per night (stay just July 4th and the rate is $349!). www.hiltonhawaiianvillage.com
Glenn Hotel, Atlanta, GA
The Glenn Hotel is offering a "Hit the Roof, Then Hit the Hay" package for July 4th. It includes access to the DJ-led soiree at Sky Lounge, a rooftop bar with amazing views of the city and fireworks (Underground Atlanta, where the fireworks are lit, is just three blocks away). The package also includes breakfast and two Glennteanis (vodka with cucumber, mint leaves, and lime juice). Rates start at $189. www.glennhotel.com
InterContinental, Chicago, IL
When the sky lights up over Chicago you should be lounging and snacking at the outdoor patio at ENO, the wine, cheese, and chocolate bar at the InterContinental Chicago. The hotel, right on the city's Magnificent Mile, will have top-notch views of the patriotic-music-enhanced presentation at the Navy Pier at 9:00 p.m. www.ichotels.com
Sheraton San Diego Hotel & Marina, San Diego, CA
Almost a million people come out to see San Diego's Big Bay Boom fireworks display, but you can avoid the crowds and spend the night at the Sheraton San Diego. Every room has a balcony, but if you can't score one with a fireworks view the hotel's front lawn area facing San Diego Bay is the place to kick back to see the lights being launched from the USS Midway, less than a mile away. Rates for July 4th start at $209. www.sheratonsandiegohotel.com
Tempo, Miami, FL
The new Tempo Miami in the city's downtown district will have crowd-free views of America's birthday bash from the balconies of the guest rooms. Stroll the local holiday festival for traditional barbecue plus some authentic Cuban food, the head back to your balcony with a bottle of Champagne to toast while the fireworks boom. Even better, the Tempo is offering a summer-exclusive rate of $134 per night, valid during the holiday. www.tempomiami.rockresorts.com
Mandarin Oriental, Washington, D.C.
As a part of the Mandarin Oriental's summer Sou'Wester Lawn Parties, the hotel's Sou'Wester restaurant is celebrating the 4th of July with Pigs for the People, a feast featuring a whole roasted pig and dishes like pork confit sandwiches and grilled homemade bratwursts. It costs $75 per person to take part of the garden fest and enjoy Washington D.C.'s spectacular fireworks display from the hotel's grassy cul-de-sac, away from the legendary crowds that mob the National Mall. Deluxe rooms start at $295, and be sure to request a city-view room if you want a great spot to watch the show in complete privacy. www.mandarinoriental.com
Photo Credits: Tropicana Casino & Resort - Courtesy of Tropicana Casino and Resort; Fairfield Inn & Suites - Courtesy of Fairfield Inn & Suites; InterContinental Mark Hopkins - brad.coy , flickr; XV Beacon - Courtesy of XV Beacon; Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Hotel - Courtesy of Hilton Hawaiian Village; Glenn Hotel - Jonathan Hillyer Photography; InterContinental Chicago - Courtesy of InterContinental Chicago; Sheraton San Diego Hotel & Marina - Courtesy of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide; Tempo Miami - Courtesy of RockResorts International; Mandarin Oriental Washington DC - Courtesy of Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group
