Total number of floors: 46
FEMA Property Number: NY0623
Welcome to Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan
Landmark New York Hotel and Uncommon Comfort
For the finest accommodations, upscale hospitality and first-class service in NYC choose Crowne Plaza® Times Square - Manhattan. Our Midtown hotel's Times Square location is matched only by our outstanding service and 4-star elegance.
An unforgettable location in the heart of New York gives our Broadway hotel guests easy access to Central Park, fabulous 5th Avenue shopping and the endless delights of the Big Apple. The verve
View More
Welcome to Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan
Landmark New York Hotel and Uncommon Comfort
For the finest accommodations, upscale hospitality and first-class service in NYC choose Crowne Plaza® Times Square - Manhattan. Our Midtown hotel's Times Square location is matched only by our outstanding service and 4-star elegance.
An unforgettable location in the heart of New York gives our Broadway hotel guests easy access to Central Park, fabulous 5th Avenue shopping and the endless delights of the Big Apple. The verve of Times Square is just outside our front door. Unrivaled concierge service can lead you to the city's hidden gems and world-famous institutions like MoMA or The Met. TKTS is just one block from us, so you can catch the hottest shows in New York.
Our flagship Broadway hotel is perfect for corporate guests. You'll be close to major corporations, and we offer the finest facilities and thoughtful details you demand, like quiet rooms and reliable Internet access. Dedicated Conference and Business Centers, concierge floors and more make doing business in Manhattan fun again.
This Midtown hotel's breathtaking views of the city, freshly updated accommodations and new levels of comfort combine to create a dazzling oasis in New York. Our hotel and amenities are unrivaled, from superb dining to our unique, holistic approach to sleep, so you're ready for the new day. The Crowne Plaza® Times Square - Manhattan hotel is waiting to welcome you to the Big Apple.
View Less
Features
A great New York hotel staff and a Times Square address are just the beginning. We're fresh off an $85 million dollar re-imagination of what a great hotel should be. You'll see why we WOW our guests!
Note:  The hotel does not have a view from its rooms of the New Year's Eve Ball drop.
The Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan Hotel on Broadway
