Jeff CA
Apr 30, 2012
The Affinia Manhattan is a boutique hotel situated amongst some of the most exciting attractions New York City has to offer, just steps away from Madison Square Garden, The Broadway Theater District, Times Square, Penn Station, Macys and more.  Located at the crossroads of Manhattan, the Affinia Manhattan provides a front row seat to the energy, activity, and culture in the heart of the City.  Comfort is of the utmost importance to the Affinia Manhattan, from the spacious suites to the luxurious Affinia Bed. Amenities further include a 6-choice Dream Pillows menu, dataport and high-speed Internet access, Aveda bath products, and a vast selection from the coveted My Affinia menu which boasts everything from cupcakes to an Ibanez Guitar, offering our guests custom comforts that make your stay uniquely yours. Please be advised that the valet parking rate for Sedans & Cars is $55.00 and for SUV's and Vans $65.00. Those rates are per 24hr period with no in/out privileges.
Affinia Manhattan Rooms
Studio Suite
Oversized guest room with separate kitchen. Affinia Hotels are Affinia Fresh, all rooms are now non-smoking.  Isn't that a breath of fresh air?
Guest Room - 1 Bed
Designed for maximum comfort by world renowned architecture and design firm, Rockwell Group the guestroom is ideal for work or play. The room features a signature Queen Affinia bed, 37" flat screen TV and iHome docking station, and upscale bath amenities. Guests also have a choice of six pillows from our Affinia dream pillow menu. Features 260 square feet of living space (24.15 meters squared).
Guest Room - 2 Beds
At Affinia Manhattan, step out into the center of New York City and step into a comfortable guestroom. Designed for maximum comfort by world renowned architecture and design firm, Rockwell Group the guestroom includes two signature Double Affinia beds, 37' flat screen TV and iHome docking station. Guests also have a choice of six pillows from our Affinia dream pillow menu. Features 260 square feet of living space (24.15 meters squared).
Deluxe Guest Room - 1 Bed
Whether you are here for work or play, New York is at your fingertips when you stay at Affinia Manhattan. The Deluxe Guestroom was designed for maximum comfort by world renowned architecture and design firm, Rockwell Group. This spacious room features a signature Affinia bed, a work alcove, 37" flat screen TV, iHome docking station, and upscale bath amenities. Guests also have a choice of six pillows from our Affinia dream pillow menu. Features 310 square feet of living space (28.79 meters squared).
One Bedroom Suite
Separate bedroom and living room with sofa bed and separate kitchen. Affinia Hotels are Affinia Fresh, all rooms are now non-smoking.  Isn't that a breath of fresh air?
Recommendations for you
