Check Availability
One Of The Most Affordable Hotels in New York City - Discount Hotels
Situated on the trendy New York Upper West Side, The New York Broadway Hotel and Hostel offers clean, comfortable, and affordable New York City discount hotel rooms. Relax in accommodations that showcase warm color tones, contemporary design, and a comfortable atmosphere. Gather in our New York hotel communal area and experience a multitude of cultures from travelers all over the world.
New York, Manhattan is a brilliant tapestry of celebrated museums, pulsing nightlife, and non-stop activity. Immerse yourself in the excitement of this legendary destination. When you desire to explore the Big Apple, the subway is only two blocks away from our Broadway hotel- a 15-minute ride from the heart of New York Times Square! Designed to satisfy even the smallest travel budgets, our chic yet inexpensive New York hotel provides wonderful value, in a colorful setting:
Located in New York City on West 101st Street and Broadway, on Manhattan’s trendy Upper West Side.
Our hotel is steps from New York Central Park, Columbia University, and the New York Cathedral of St. John the Divine, the world’s largest gothic chapel.
Minutes from the New York Museum of Natural History and Metropolitan Museum of Art
Our Broadway hotel is conveniently located two blocks away from No.1 train subway stop (103rd Street Station).
A 15-minute subway ride to New York downtown, Times Square, and the business and New York theater districts.
Voted one of the top 10 hostels worldwide by your fellow travelers.
*Hotel rates may vary depending on length of stay, number of guests, types of accommodations and do not include taxes. Total payment of stay is required upon arrival. Cash or travelers checks only.
To see what has been happening at the hotel click here.
Broadway New York Hotel - Newly Renovated Discount Hotel Rooms
Enjoy a New York, Manhattan discount hotel that rivals the best hostels in Europe. Our newly renovated hotel rooms consist of Semi-Private, 2-Bed Dormitory style and Private Ensuites. The Broadway Hotel and Hostel offers spacious and comfortable accommodations, along with services you would expect from a first class New York hotel.
Our bustling hotel location is ideal for exploration - only minutes from New York Central Park, the Museum of Natural History, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
There are more than 50 restaurants surrounding our Broadway hotel and many Jazz clubs just minutes away. We impose no curfews or lockouts, so you can lose yourself in New York City, Manhattan’s famous night spots into the wee hours. Ideal for students, couples, or groups, we offer attractive New York discount hotel rates with first class services, including:
Spacious semi-private, 2-Bed Dormitory-Style and Private Ensuite hotel rooms.
State of the art theatre hotel room with Plasma TV’s, gourmet stainless steel kitchen, library with fireplace, internet center with multi kiosks
Multi-Cultural hotel Communal area, which displays maps, guide books, newspapers, and other literature designed to help you navigate one of the world’s largest and greatest cities
New York exciting location, on Manhattan’s Upper West Side, only minutes from world-famous NYC attractions, stores, and nightlife
Easy accessibility to public transportation, with the No. 1 and 9 subway station only two blocks away, and bus and taxi stops just outside of our Broadway Hotel
New York Broadway savory dining, at more than 50 nearby restaurants and eateries, ranging from Latin to Italian to Middle Eastern
No curfews or lockouts, allowing you to fully experience New York’s thrilling nightlife
New York Hotel Lockers available for storage (must provide own lock).
Storage for valuables available at the hotel front desk.
24-hour hotel reception and security desk, for your safety
High-speed Internet access, in the hotel lobby
Lift / elevator available, for our physically challenged guests
Hotel complimentary linens, towels, and blankets, for your convenience
Daily housekeeping service, for all hotel guests
Luggage storage, for $2 a day
Hotel Check-in is at 3 p.m.
Hotel Check-out is before 11 a.m.
Non-smoking hotel rooms and public spaces, allowing you to breathe easier
We accept Cash, Traveler's Checks, and all Major Credit cards
Valid Government/State issued ID required: (Driver’s License or Passport) - Only out of New York State Photo IDs accepted.
A valid ID and valid credit card are required for private hotel rooms
14 Day maximum hotel stay policy
Hotel Rates do not include taxes. Tax rate is 14.75% + $3.50.
Promotional hotel rates are subject to availability.
Hotel Pet Policy: No pets permitted.
