/ In New York City it is currently 12:34 PM and                            90°F                /                            32°C
Book Online Now
cancel  |  modify reservation
The Kimberly Suites Hotel in Midtown Manhattan
Located in midtown Manhattan, the heart of New York City, the Kimberly Hotel radiates a refined elegance with traditional European flair.  Our warm, inviting atmosphere, united with a sincere commitment to personalized service, sets a distinct standard among luxury boutique hotels.
Guests of the Kimberly have a selection of room types to accommodate the desires and purpose of any visit to New York City.  Whether you are traveling for business or a much-deserved vacation, your comfort is assured in our exceptionally appointed, spacious guest rooms, one and two bedroom suites, as well as our premiere luxury suites.  Many of our New York City hotel suites offer cityscape views from private terraces, a rarity among Manhattan hotels.
Our hotel’s central Midtown location provides guests immediate access to Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Radio City Music Hall, Grand Central Station, the theatre district, as well as the world’s most outstanding museums, popular restaurants and attractions.
Our attentive staff welcomes guests home from a long day of work or sightseeing, while valet parking attendants make traveling to and from the hotel convenient and accessible.
Les Clefs d’Or Concierge services at the Kimberly make a trip to New York City spectacular and memorable.
Our beautifully appointed Suites are filled with luxurious amenities, including Frette linens and a lush down feather bed offering the most relaxing and peaceful night’s sleep.
Refresh your body and your mind at our on-site fitness center, or at the extensive sport and health facilities of the New York Health & Racquet Club. Both are complimentary for your enjoyment. The closest Club is conveniently located two blocks from the hotel; offering an indoor Olympic-size pool and fitness professionals who can provide private training sessions for an additional fee.
The Kimberly is home to "Upstairs" bar and lounge; featuring Manhattan’s only rooftop bar with a retractable all glass ceiling and walls and heated floors for year round enjoyment.
Start and end your day “Upstairs” with spectacular views of Manhattan’s skyline. Our daily breakfast buffet with omelet station and a la carte weekend brunch menu is the perfect start to your day. And when the sun goes down and the lights of Manhattan are shining bright, enjoy the unparalleled view while sipping an evening cocktail accompanied by an exquisite selection from our small plates menu.
Climb aboard the 75 foot NYHRC Yacht for a picturesque sunset or Sunday brunch cruise along the scenic East River and take in the famed Manhattan skyline as you cruise through Lower Manhattan and alongside the Statue of Liberty.
e-Offers Sign Up
Thank you for signing up!
Loading...
