Choose the age of your childChoose the age of your children
New York hotels map
New York hotels on map  >
New York hotels
     A city of running shows with curtains that never drop – New York is alive 24-hours a day year round.
     New York sparkles in the bright lights of the famous Empire State Building, the sights and sounds of Broadway premiers and shopping choices like nowhere else in the world. It is here decisions of global significance are made and billion dollar contracts are signed.
Read more
New York hotels
     A city of running shows with curtains that never drop – New York is alive 24-hours a day year round.
     New York sparkles in the bright lights of the famous Empire State Building, the sights and sounds of Broadway premiers and shopping choices like nowhere else in the world. It is here decisions of global significance are made and billion dollar contracts are signed.
     A catalyst of the United States economy, home to the United Nations headquarters and more than 500 banking and investment companies all can be found concentrated in New York.
     A luxury destination, New York prices outstrip most major cities, but with Booked.net your stay is going to be cheaper than others have.
     So be a part of it and take a hassle out of finding a place to stay, browse our hotel offers with maps, photos and secure forms.
     Be it a room in cheap hotel in New York or a stay in a suite flush with luxuries all are offered at the lowest possible rates and exclusive to Booked.net.
     New York’s business fame slightly casts a shadow over its no less vibrant cultural scene. A center of art, media, food and fashion, it numbers 20,000 restaurants, 150 world-class museums and 10,000 stores, the last mostly scattered along 5th Avenue.
Attractions include;
- The Statue of Liberty, the best-known symbol of New York, it encompasses all the charm of the city; please note, tourists crowd to see this attraction
- A stroll across the historic Brooklyn Bridge you will find yourself in the most vivid cultural area of New York – Manhattan – a perfect place to dine out
- Times Square, an epicenter of theatres, operas, exhibitions with Broadway only a few paces away
- The Empire State Building, the historic and impressive high-rise complex in the center of New York; The world’s tallest building for more than 40 years and New York’s tallest following the destruction of the World Trade Center
- Guggenheim, was designed in 1959 by famous American architect Frank Lloyd Wright and today preserves brilliant art collections
     New York is a cultural melting-pot as immigrants from more than 180 countries – distinct in their thinking and speaking – interweave here to make a unique whole. Founded on immigration its citizens include Irish, Russians, Uzbeks, Chinese to French, Yugoslavians and Indians there is a place for everyone in New York.
     The largest metro area in the US, New York lies at the mouth of the Hudson River and is inhabited by more than 18 million people. Locals call their city the “Big Apple'', “Gotham”, the “Center of the Universe” and the “City That Never Sleeps” and all are fair comment.
     And people flock to city to see and experience it for themselves. In 2008, New York City hosted a record more than 47 million visitors.
     For your visit, the best hotels in New York are to be found at Booked.net.
Other destinations
