All Inclusive New York City Vacation Packages
Best New York City Hotels
These hotels are  my personal picks in prime Manhattan  (no New Jersey or Long Island City hotels here!) across of variety of criteria and budgets.
Browse hotels by neighborhood, attraction, amenities and more. These links will take you straight to current rates and reviews of all my recommended Best New York City Hotels .
New York City Boutique Hotels
Where does a local New Yorker go for a special anniversary, romantic weekend or "staycation?" A New York City boutique hotel, known for being unique, intimate, luxurious, artistic, and sometimes, even quirky. With perks  like lofts, free breakfast and spectacular skyline views, New York City Boutique Hotels are some of our favorites.
Suite Hotels in New York City
Suite hotels  in New York City offer both business and leisure travelers more space, kitchens and multiple room suites, often similar to a NYC apartment vacation rental, and many times, are more budget friendly.
Here are few of the top Suite Hotels in New York City .
New York City Luxury Hotels
These are some of the most luxurious hotels in NYC with the best locations. Places New Yorkers  check into for a really special celebration or just have money to spare. The rooms are more spacious than most and the service is impeccable. If you have popular hotel chain points, you may just be on your way to staying in a New York City Luxury Hotel . Top NYC Luxury Hotels include: The Plaza , The Setai , Four Seasons , Peninsula , Ritz Carlton , Mandarin Oriental , Waldorf Astoria and more.
Cheap Budget Hotels in NYC
Clean, centrally located and under $100 per night? Yes, it's possible! Not always, and you may have to make some comprises, like a shared bathroom, but there are some simple hotels and even really hip Cheap Budget Hotels in NYC .
NYC Vacation Rentals
NYC vacation rentals can be great, if you know what to look for and whom to trust. They can also be tricky as some are legal, and some are not.
NYC Insider Guide gives you the whole truth and recommends some legal NYC Vacation Rentals and Apartments.
Discount NYC Hotels
With rooms  from $25 per night, one of the best discount NYC Hotels is reserved for  Military Personnel and their eligible dependents and spouses.
If you fall into one of their categories, such as Military, Police, Fire from the US or any of our allies, these Discount NYC Hotels are a steal and in a great location.
Romantic New York City  Hotel Deals
Candles, flowers, massage oils, champagne, rose petals, erotica, kama sutra, love games and more romance.
Many  top NYC Romantic and Sexy Hotels have special Valentines Day, honeymoon, anniversary and wedding packages...or they are great hotels anytime of the year if your agenda is romance and relaxation. Check out NYC Insider picks for top Romantic New York City  Hotels .
Back to Top of New York City Hotel Deals
New York City Hotel Week - Rooms for $100
January 6-15, 2012
Eight  hotels and NJFPR  are kicking off NYC’s FIRST ever Hotel Week with $100, $200 and $250 per night deals. Manhattan Hotels participating include: The Pod Hotel , The Hotel at Times Square , New York Manhattan Hotel , Andaz Wall Street, Hyatt 48 Lex, Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC and Gansevoort Park Avenue NYC. Read more NYC Hotel Week Booking details.
Rent MY Apartment in NYC - Limited Dates Available
Let my NYC vacation rental  apartment be your best stay in New York City!
If you've always wanted to live like a REAL New Yorker in a NYC Vacation Rental in the best part of the city, this is a great opportunity! This is MY personal apartment and I'm looking for guests to stay for a long vacation and cover the basic apartment expenses while I travel.  Dates Available:        None at this time. Stay tuned for summer 2012.
Back to Top of New York City Hotel Deals
New York City Vacation Packages
All New York City Vacation Packages include Manhattan Hotel, Taxes, Free Attractions and Museums,  Discounts, Maps, Vacation Planning Help and more.
