Top 5 Attractions in Times Square New York City
For your summer vacation experience a variety of things to do in famous Times Square New York City . Known widely as “The Crossroads of the World” and “The Great White Way,” Times Square in NYC is a major commercial intersection in Manhattan at the junction of Broadway and 7th Avenue.
Madame Tussaud’s Museum
While you are exploring Times Square, check out the famous celebrity wax figures, and enjoy family-friendly interactive attractions at Madame Tussaud’s Wax Museum. Featuring all of your favorite celebrities, historical figures, and athletes, Madame Tussaud’s NYC is popular must for tourists in Midtown Manhattan.
Ripley’s Believe It or Not!
One of the most recent additions to Times Square, Ripley’s Believe It or Not explores the odd and celebrates the weird from around the world. From the world’s largest collection of shrunken heads to New York City’s only Laser Race, your adventure is sure to amaze as you interact with remarkable relics and unique treasures from around the world.
Top of the Rock NYC
Top of the Rock NYC has some of the best views in Manhattan. Located on the 70th floor of the GE Building in Rockefeller Center, Top of the Rock offers a twice-in-one-day ticket called the sunrise-sunset ticket for visitors who want to take in the breathtaking views during the day as well as at night.
Broadway Shows
New York City is famous for a variety of shows on Broadway. With the best dramas, comedies and musicals and the opportunity to see stars of both stage and screen, your New York City vacation wouldn’t be complete without catching a show. You can visit broadway.com for up-to-date information on what’s playing or visit the individual theaters. You can also go to the TKTS booth (right in the center of Times Square at Seventh & Broadway) to get discounted tickets to many of the shows that are playing.
NBC Experience
For your New York City vacation take the time to tour NBC studios or catch a taping of “Saturday Night Live” or “Dateline NBC” (advance reservations are highly recommended). You can also purchase TV show memorabilia at the location on 49th Street between Sixth and Seventh Avenues.
Fantastic New York City Hotel Deals are available from Getaroom.com, you can book rooms as low as $99/night, leaving more money to enjoy a variety of the famous tourist attractions in Times Square and NYC. Many of the New York City Hotels listed are located within walking distance of major attractions, offering great rooms and amenities- all at affordable prices. Don’t Wait, Book Now and Save!
Top 5 Attractions in San Francisco
May 22nd, 2012
This year marks the 75th Anniversary of the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco for  your summer getaway consider taking a trip to this exciting city. A little advanced planning will help you enjoy the attractions, restaurants and shopping. Experience a variety of things to do in San Francisco including visits to Fisherman’s Wharf, Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge, just to name a few.
Fisherman’s Wharf
Famous Fisherman’s Wharf offers a variety of things to do for your San Francisco getaway. This well known part of San Francisco offers unique shops, an overabundance of great seafood restaurants and the remnants of the old fishing vessels used by Italian immigrants that brought the Wharf to life after the Gold Rush.
Golden Gate Bridge
2012 marks the 75th Anniversary of this historic bridge in San Francisco . Experience the magnificent views of the Golden Gate, learn about the Bridge’s history and importance, and enjoy the national parklands anchored by one of the most famous spans in the United States.
Golden Gate Park
A beautiful haven in the heart of a San Francisco , visitors can enjoy fine museums, breathtaking gardens, a beautiful lake and even see a herd of bison.
Chinatown
San Francisco’s Chinatown is the oldest Chinatown in North America and the largest Chinese community outside of Asia. Chinatown is an active community that retains its own customs, languages, places of worship, social clubs, and identity. Chinatown offers tourists a variety of restaurants and unique shopping, along with a look at the Chinese culture and traditions.
Union Square
The best shopping in San Francisco is found here with famous stores like Macy’s, Tiffany’s, Saks Fifth Avenue, and Neiman Marcus. The side streets offer some unique shopping opportunities as well.
Alcatraz Island
Alcatraz Island is one of the most popular tourist attractions in San Francisco . The island has a unique history which includes military use as a fort, an army prison camp, a Native American peace community, and a prison that housed some of America’s most dangerous criminals.
Fabulous San Francisco Hotel Deals are available from Getaroom.com, you can book rooms as low as $79/night, leaving more money to enjoy a variety of top tourist attractions. Many of the San Francisco Hotels listed are located near major attractions, offering great rooms and amenities– all at affordable prices. Don’t Wait, Book Now and Save!
