NYC Landmarks
New York City Visitors can walk to Riverside Park, Central Park (4 blocks), the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, the Museum of Natural History (1.2 miles), the Metropolitan Museum of Art (2.7 miles), Grant's Tomb, Times square (3.15 miles), Carnegie Hall (2.5 miles), City Center (2.5 miles) -57th Street Shopping, Fifth Avenue, Columbus Circle (2.3 miles), Rockefeller Center (3 miles), Theatre District (3 miles), Lincoln Center (2 miles)
Dining
The New York City dining options available within the neighborhood offer rich flavors and cultures unique to the New York experience. More than 50 restaurants can be found around the hotel, including: Mamma Mexico, Indus Valley Indian Cuisine, Turkuaz Mediterranean Turkish Cuisine, Henry's American, Carmine's Italian, and Docks Seafood & Steaks.
Shopping
From designer apparel to name brands to New York City local shops, you’ll find it all along Broadway. In addition, rare books and book bags can be bought in our New York City neighborhood, at many one-of-a-kind shops and street vendors. Flea markets and street fairs are also common on weekends.
Nightlife
New York City is a vibrant, 24-hour experience, offering nightlife beyond the basic pub scene or local bars. New York City Nightclubs and entertainment venues are within minutes of Broadway Hotel & Hostel. These include China Club, Pink Elephant, Marquee, Copacabana, Crobar, Pacha, Webster Hall, Birdland, Blue Note, Dangerfield's, Carolines, Gotham Comedy Club, and Dillon's.
Theater
Manhattan's Theatre District and Broadway offer exciting shows and great talent. For tickets and the latest show schedules, contact our hotel concierge. Some of the most popular productions include Chicago, Wicked, The Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, Mamma Mia, Hairspray, Spamalot, Avenue Q, The Producers, Stomp, and Blue Man Group.
To see what has been happening at the hotel click here.
New York Attractions - Colorful Festivals And Celebrations ,Only Minutes From Our NYC Budget Hotel
Aside from its numerous museums, stores, and diversions, New York City also hosts some of America's most celebrated events.  Reserve a room at our affordable NYC budget hotel to experience all of Manhattan’s excitement. Savor the city’s premier dining — at a tantalizing discount — during Restaurant Week and Taste of Times Square.  Celebrate Latin pride and culture during the Puerto Rican Day Parade. Cheer on the runners participating in the storied New York Marathon. Or get a view of next year’s styles during Fashion Week. The fantastic celebrations near this discount hotel in NYC include:
New York City Restaurant Week (January 25-30)
New York City Fashion Week (February 13-20)
New York City St. Patrick’s Day Parade (March 17)
New York City New York International Automobile Show (April 10 – April 19)
New York City Wine Expo (February 27- March 1)
New York City Sculpture Objects & Functional Art Fair (April 16-19)
New York City 3rd Annual Dance Parade (May 16)
New York City Puerto Rican Day Parade (June 14)
New York City American Crafts Festival (June)
New York City JVC Jazz Festival (June)
New York City 52nd Street Jazz Festival (October 24)
New York City Central Park Summer Stage (June 14-August 17)
New York City Taste of Times Square (June)
New York City Pridefest (June 25)
New York City Macy’s Fireworks (July 4)
New York City New York’s Village Halloween Parade (October 31)
New York City ING NYC Marathon (November 1)
New York City International Hotel Restaurant Trade Show (November 7-10)
New York City Feast of San Gennaro (September 10-20)
New York City Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade (November 26)
New York City Rockefeller Christmas Tree Lighting (November)
New York City New Years Eve (December 31)
Click here for Group Services at this Budget Hotel In New York City.
Located on Manhattan’s trendy Upper West Side, New York City Broadway Hotel & Hostel offers you clean, comfortable, and affordable accommodations. Only minutes from Central Park and other New York City landmarks, our newly renovated hotel is designed to satisfy even the smallest travel budgets. Book your NYC discount hotel reservations online today for preferred rates.
