Home | Reservations | Overview | Accommodations | Concierge | Dining | Things To Do | Shopping | Specials | What's New | Events | Contact
Milford Plaza Hotel - A New York Hotel | The Best Value Times Square Hotel
Our Manhattan Hotel is located in the heart of NYC's Theater District, 1 block from Times Square and everything else that makes New York City - 'The Most Exciting City in the World!'
There are many types of NYC Hotels to choose from while you visit Manhattan:
Mid-town Manhattan Hotels | New York City Hotels | Affordable New York City Hotels | Discount Hotels near Times Square | Hotels near Broadway.
The Milford Plaza Hotel is the ideal choice for your visit to NYC because we provide you with a great location, comfortable Guest Rooms and the Best Hotel Room Rate for Mid-Town Manhattan Hotels.
Great location in Midtown Manhattan:
The Milford Plaza Hotel - New York is in the heart of NYC's Theater District, 1 block from NYC's Times Square and just blocks from NYC's Neighborhoods' SOHO, Greenwich Village, Lower East Side, NOLITA, Tribeca, and the East Village, Chinatown and Little Italy.
Our Manhattan Hotel is also close to all the most popular NYC Attractions and Things to Do in Manhattan; Times Square, Rockefeller Center, the Empire State Building, Carnegie Hall, MOMA, Madison Square Garden, Port Authority Bus Terminal, Penn station, Shake Shack, Garment District, Diamond District, Central Park, Jacob K. Javits Convention Center and many other New York City Attractions.
Learn more about our great New York City location - view our Manhattan Map .
View our list of the Top New York City Attractions in Manhattan near our New York City Hotel.
Discounted NYC Hotel Rate:
What's better than staying in a Manhattan Hotel that's close to all the best Manhattan Attractions and New York City Activities?  Paying a great rate to stay in a Manhattan Hotel.
View our current Special Offers or Check Rates or Make a Reservation or call us now at: 888-352-3650.
Historic NYC Hotel:
The 1,300-Room Milford Plaza Hotel was the largest Hotel in New York City when it opened in 1928 and today, this historic Manhattan Hotel remains among the largest NYC Hotels in the most ideal locations - the heart of NYC's Theater District.
Milford Plaza Hotel - New York is the perfect choice for Leisure Travelers and Business Travelers .
View our list of "Top Things to Do in Manhattan" or our "Manhattan Calendar of Events" to help you plan your trip to Manhattan.
The Milford Plaza Hotel - Highlights of our NYC Hotel include:
Ideal Manhattan Hotel location near Times Square, NYC's Theater District, Rockefeller Center, Madison Square Garden, Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, New York City Medical Centers, New York City Museums and many other New York City Attractions.  View our list of "Manhattan Things to Do" and our "NYC Calendar of Events" .
1,300 spacious New York City Hotel Rooms include our well-appointed Standard Guest Rooms and Guest Suites .
High-Speed Internet Access in all areas throughout the Hotel. Fee: $14.95 for 24 hours.
Our friendly, multilingual Milford Plaza Concierge and Guest Services Staff will help you acquire tickets to Broadway Shows, Sporting Events, Night Clubs, NYC Tours, Manhattan Attractions and anything ensure your stay in NYC is a memorable one.
Valet Parking is available for $43.00 per 24 hour period with no ‘In and Out’ privileges. Interim accessing of your vehicle is subject to additional daily parking charges at posted rates. Self Parking is available nearby at 44th Street between 8th Avenue and 9th Avenue.
Pets Not Allowed.
Milford Plaza Hotel is a 100% Non-Smoking Hotel.
When you visit New York, choose Milford Plaza Hotel - A New York Hotel located in the heart of Times Square.
View our list of "New York Activities" or our "NYC Calendar of Events to help you plan your trip to New York.
