New York, New York Hotels Reservations
Check Availability
New York Hotel Marrakech - A Colorful Choice Among New York Central Park - NYC Hotels, Bringing The Passion Of Morocco To Manhattan, NY
New York City, New York Hotels - Experience the pageantry, color, and welcoming allure of Morocco hotels - in one of New York Manhattan's trendiest emerging neighborhoods. Situated on the Manhattan, New York City Upper West Side, the Marrakech Hotel boasts a chic design, newly renovated NYC hotel accommodations, and a fantastic location in beautiful New York City, New York, all at an attractive price. Finding an affordable New York City Upper West Side NYC hotel has never been easier! Step into our vibrant NYC hotel lobby, filled with ceramic tiling, authentic Moroccan lamps, and colorful ottomans and tables - ideal for relaxing by yourself or hanging out with friends. Spread out in comfortable, exotically designed NYC hotel guest rooms . And once you've unpacked, explore the wonders of the Big Apple. The NYC subway is directly outside the hotel, just a short ride to New York downtown attractions such as New York City Times Square and NYC Fifth Avenue. Choose from our New York Hotels - Our stylish hotel in New York City showcases the vibrancy and allure of Morocco hotels in one of New York, New York hotels trendiest emerging neighborhoods. Adventurous travelers will love this unique hotel choice among New York Upper West Side hotels, in a captivating setting:
Our NYC Hotel is located on New York Manhattan's Upper West Side, one of the city's trendiest neighborhoods
Our unique and affordable hotel is situated near New York Central Park, Columbia University, and some of New York's most famous jazz bars
The Hotel is within walking distance to countless attractions, stores, restaurants, and night spots
Directly outside the hotel is No. 1 subway station
A Chic Yet Affordable New York Upper West Side Hotel
Our boutique-style New York, New York hotel offers a premier blend of uncompromising hotel service, affordability, and an energetic location in Manhattan, New York. The Manhattan New York Central Park, Museum of Natural History, and the NYC Metropolitan Museum of Art are only a few blocks away. Take a short cab or subway ride to New York City Broadway, downtown Manhattan, and the New York Business District. In the mood for a delicious meal before hitting New York Manhattan's famed nightlife? There are more than 50 restaurants within five blocks of our New York hotel - ranging from Mexican and Puerto Rican to Italian and Turkish dishes. Or just unwind in our Kazbar NYC Hotel Lounge which serves cocktails, wine, and microbrews amid soft Moroccan furnishings and hip international music. Ideal for world travelers and those seeking refreshing yet inexpensive hotel lodging in New York City, this inviting NYC Central Park hotel provides amenities that include:
127 unique and newly renovated New York hotel guest rooms, comfortable, well furnished, and infused with a vibrant Moroccan - style décor
WI-FI, High Speed Internet Access, Free in the hotel lobby and lounge
Exciting NYC hotel location, on New York Manhattan's Upper West Side, only minutes from world-famous attractions, stores, and New York, New York nightlife
Easy accessibility to public transportation, with the No. 1 subway station just outside the hotel
Eclectic New York City dining, at more than 50 nearby New York restaurants and eateries, ranging from Latin to Italian to Middle Eastern
Kazbar Lounge , our NYC hotel onsite lounge, serving cocktails, wine, and microbrews amid soft Moroccan furnishings and hip international music. Closed for Winter
Starbucks Coffee , The world famous coffee shop located at the hotel serving all their distinct coffee blends, teas and pastries
NYC Sookk Thai Restaurant : This onsite NYC restaurant serving lunch and dinner as well as hotel room service
NYC Hotel Concierge, to handle restaurant reservations or recommend local activities and tourist sights, while enjoying our unique NYC hotel
Friendly hotel doormen, stylishly clad in black
Business services, including print, copy, and fax
Non-smoking hotel rooms and public spaces, allowing you to breathe easier
Rollaway hotel beds available (on request basis only, subject to availability) for select room types at a nominal charge of $20 plus tax, per night.
Children under 12 stay free. Verification upon hotel check-in.
Hotel Pet Policy: No pets permitted.
Click here for more about our New York City Boutique Hotel.
Immerse yourself in the vibrancy and allure of Morocco, in one of Manhattan's trendiest emerging New York City neighborhoods. Situated on the NYC Upper West Side, the New York Marrakech Hotel boasts a chic design, newly renovated accommodations, and a fantastic location - all at an attractive price. New York Hotels - NYC Hotels - Manhattan Hotels - Marrakech Hotel Book your Central Park NYC hotel reservations online today for preferred rates.
© 2010 Marrakech Hotel
