Total number of rooms: 136
Total number of suites: 5
Total number of rooms with only one bed: 110
Total number of rooms with only double beds: 26
Total number of non-smoking rooms:131
Total number of rooms for the physically challenged/handicapped: 9
Interior corridor
Total number of floors: 16
Welcome to Holiday Inn L.I. City-Manhattan View
Holiday Inn Manhattan View sets the bar high for Manhattan area hotels. With views of the unmistakable New York City skyline, our NYC hotel provides an exceptional backdrop for both business and pleasure. At our affordable Queens hotel, just minutes from Manhattan, New York City's legendary landmarks have never seemed so accessible! Explore the Empire State Building, Central Park, the Museum of the Moving Image, and the Statue of Liberty. Of course no visit would be complete without
View More
Welcome to Holiday Inn L.I. City-Manhattan View
Holiday Inn Manhattan View sets the bar high for Manhattan area hotels. With views of the unmistakable New York City skyline, our NYC hotel provides an exceptional backdrop for both business and pleasure. At our affordable Queens hotel, just minutes from Manhattan, New York City's legendary landmarks have never seemed so accessible! Explore the Empire State Building, Central Park, the Museum of the Moving Image, and the Statue of Liberty. Of course no visit would be complete without visiting other nearby sights including Times Square, Broadway, and Madison Square Garden. Holiday Inn Manhattan View is a nearby neighbor to many Fortune 500 companies, offering easy access to Citibank, MetLife, the United Nations, JetBlue, Delta, and Mount Sinai Medical Center. Our hotel is conveniently located within a short drive of all the major New York airports: LaGuardia, JFK and Newark.
Our Queens hotel offers guests free high-speed Internet access. Ideal for international travelers and vacationers, this Astoria, Queens hotel is located just one block from the N and Q subway lines and just a few blocks from the E and R subway lines. Start planning today and enjoy the great hotel room rates and deals at our new Holiday Inn. Limited parking is available for fees plus tax. Photo ID and valid credit card is required at check in for incidentals.
View Less
Features
The Holiday Inn Manhattan View is a brand new hotel located close to LaGuardia, JFK and Newark airports, with quick access to the sights and sounds of the Big Apple. Only one block away from the subway station N / Q line.
Hotel Exterior
