The Edison Hotel
Located in the Broadway and Times Square neighborhood, and rated 3-stars, the Edison Hotel contains exceptional facilities and popular amenities. Each of our 900 guest rooms contains features such as air conditioning and complimentary toiletries that will contribute to your comfortable stay. From an ATM  and currency exchange located in the lobby to safety deposit boxes and security guards, you'll have access to everything you need to make your trip run smoothly and maintain a sense of security. Enhance your stay by indulging in exquisite cuisine at our onsite restaurant. Just a short distance from Broadway, Times Square, and Rockefeller Center, our hotel is the perfect place to make your vacation reservations.
Doubletree By Hilton Metropolitan - New York City
Located in the Grand Central Neighborhood, Doubletree By Hilton Metropolitan features all your favorite amenities from banquet facilities to shoe shine. Amenities in the 4-star hotel include features suitable for special events, such as business facilities and event catering. Guests have the option of dining at the on-site restaurant, at the bar and lounge, or ordering room service. Making every guest feel special, the hotel also offers the services of a doorman and bellhop. Each of the 759 guest rooms provide comfortable lodging with cable channels. Explore the city and view the Chrysler Building, the Museum of Modern Art, or Rockefeller Center, all within a short distance.
Doubletree Suites By Hilton New York City - Times Square
Located in the Times Square and Broadway neighborhood, the Doubletree Guest Suites Times Square is the perfect hotel for a relaxing vacation while visiting the city. As the host to many business conferences, the Doubletree comes complete with meeting and conference rooms, ballrooms, and event catering making it a great hotel to hold your next event. You don't have to travel far for dinner, as there is an onsite restaurant, bar and lounge available. Don't forget to visit the city's nearby attractions during your stay, such as Times Square or Rockefeller Center.
Hilton New York
Located in the Broadway and Times Square area, the Hilton New York offers a comfortable environment near some of the city's most renowned attractions. Featuring 2,086 guest rooms and amenities such as an onsite restaurant and wedding services, as well as beauty and spa services, you'll be living in luxury throughout the duration of your stay. You won't want to crawl out of bed with the comfortable pillowtop mattresses, and you'll have plenty of entertainment in your room with cable television and video game consoles. The 4-star Hilton, located near Rockefeller Center and the Gershwin Theatre, provides easy access to New York's main attractions.
Hotel Pennsylvania
Perfect for hosting your next event, the Hotel Pennsylvania features a business center and a ballroom, as well as event catering. Every guest staying in one of the 1,700 guest rooms has the opportunity to enjoy beauty services and onsite shopping. Keeping guests entertained, the hotel also features video game consoles in every room and is located near some of New York's most popular sites. Enjoy a day of shopping at Macy's or Times Square or visit the Empire State Building, all within close proximity to the hotel.
Jumeirah Essex House On Central Park
Located in New York's Central Park neighborhood, the Jumeirah Essex House on Central Park features over 60 popular amenities perfect for those visiting New York. Each room in our 509 guest room hotel contains a minibar and safe. Our 4.5-star hotel gives guests the opportunity to enjoy the day with an in-room massage or to bask in beauty treatment while leaving the children with our onsite child care services. Located within walking distance of over 15 of New York City's most popular attractions, the NY Jumeirah Essex House on Central Park is the perfect place to stay if you're planning a visit to Carnegie Hall, Central Park, or Lincoln Center.
Park Central New York Hotel
The 4-star property of Park Central New York Hotel is located between Carnegie Hall and the Ed Sullivan Theatre. Amenities featured are perfect for both travelers and those looking to host special events. Travelers can view famous sites just a few blocks away such as Broadway and Columbus Circle while returning to rest their feet in one of the 934 comfortable guest rooms. Ready to host any event, the hotel features a business center, banquet facilities, and event catering. All guests can participate in the health club and enjoy entertainment options such as premium cable channels and video game consoles in each room. Dining options range from an on-site restaurant and room service to a bar/lounge and coffee shop.
Salisbury Hotel
For a comfortable 3-star hotel experience while visiting New York, stay at the Salisbury Hotel. Enjoy a variety of popular and unique amenities from room service to handicap accessible facilities. Take an education walk around the city and visit nearby attractions such as Carnegie Hall or the Museum of Modern Art. Just a short walk from the hotel, you will also find Columbus Circle, Gershwin Theatre, and Rockefeller Center. Each of our 196 spacious and affordable guest rooms comes with popular features such as a flat-screen TV and wireless internet. The NY Salisbury Hotel is the perfect place to book a room when visiting the city.
The Belvedere Hotel
Located near some of the best New York attractions and equipped with your favorite amenities, the Belvedere Hotel is the perfect place for your next business conference or vacation to New York City. You will find amenities ranging from banquet facilities and event catering to roll-in showers and handicap accessible facilities. You will also find an onsite restaurant with room service, as well as gift shops. Each of the 334 guest rooms come with necessary appliances and video game consoles. You won't have to travel far to visit Broadway, Times Square, or Rockefeller Center.
The New York Palace
Located in the Grand Central neighborhood, you'll have access to all of New York's greatest attractions when you stay at the New York Palace. Explore the city by day and view sites such as Rockefeller Center and the Chrysler Building. Relax in one of the 4.5-star hotel's 898 guest rooms at night while cuddling up in your complimentary bathrobe and slippers as you order an in-room massage or head to the onsite spa. Schedule your next event at The New York Palace and take advantage of the event catering and banquet facilities. Explore a variety of meal options from three unique onsite restaurant choices or 24-hour room service.
The New Yorker Hotel
Rated 4 stars, the New Yorker Hotel is located in the Midtown West area. Enjoy a variety of amenities ranging from wedding and business services to an on-site restaurant. Schedule your next event here and take advantage of the conference rooms, ballrooms, and event catering. Each of the 912 guest rooms offer a wonderful stay where you can snuggle under comfortable premium bedding, watch cable television, and order from the 24-hour room service menu. Take a short walk around the area and view the Empire State Building or visit Times Square and Broadway.
The Paramount - a Times Square, New York Hotel
Located in the Times Square neighborhood and rated 4 stars, the Paramount Hotel features 599 guest rooms and an onsite restaurant with room service. Amenities in the hotel provide you with a comfortable, relaxing, and entertaining stay. Stay worry free with valet parking and limo/car services. Entertain yourself with a piano and pool table, or stay in your room and enjoy premium satellite channels with on-demand movies. After you tour the city's favorite sites such as Broadway and Rockefeller Center, take comfort in complimentary bath robes and cuddle under a down comforter.
The Roosevelt Hotel, New York City
The 1,015 guest room Roosevelt Hotel New York hotel is located in the Grand Central neighborhood in New York City. Amenities range from an on-site restaurant and room service to banquet facilities and a ballroom. Perfect for hosting your next event or for travelers, amenities here are perfect for everyone. Schedule your event and reserve a conference room or rent out the business center, and place an order for catering. Just a short distance away you can view Rockefeller Center, Times Square, and Broadway before you enter into your cozy room that features premium cable channels and complimentary toiletries.
The Waldorf Astoria
Providing you with over 50 popular amenities, and rated 4.5-stars, the Waldorf Astoria provides you with premium service and easy access to New York City's most famous attractions. Experience amenities ranging from an onsite restaurant and 24-hour room service to a spa and beauty center. The hotel also features wedding and business services and event catering, making it a great place to host your next event. Enjoy the luxury of one of the 1,416 guest rooms with complimentary toiletries, cable television, and comfortable pillowtop mattresses. Take the day to enjoy the nearby attractions such as Grand Central Terminal or the American Folk Art Museum.
Wellington Hotel
The 600 guest room Wellington Hotel is host to business events, as well as travelers. Rated 3 stars, you can enjoy all of your favorite amenities, such as a delicious meal at the onsite restaurant and a comfortable air-conditioned room. Go ahead and order room service so you don't miss your favorite show on cable. Assistance of all kinds is available with a multilingual staff and 24-hour front desk. The NY Wellington Hotel is the perfect place for travel, as it is located near many of the city's most renowned attractions such as Times Square and Carnegie Hall.
