Comfort • Service • Value
One of the Best Budget Hotel's for Discount Deals in upper Manhattan, NYC
Royal Park Hotel in upper Manhattan, NYC offers some of the best New York hotel and hostel deals. Budget and discount affordable lodging accommodation rates for individuals, students and groups.
Travel is perhaps the most effective way to gain a greater understanding of our world and its people. Located in one of the world's most diverse and vibrant cities, New York City, Royal Park Hotel is committed to helping guests learn about each other and appreciate their differences and similarities. By providing clean, comfortable, and affordable NYC lodging accommodations, our newly renovated New York City budget hotel caters not only to solo adventurers but to student and international groups as well seeking discount specials and deals .
Special Group Deals and Discount Specials at Our Manhattan, NYC Budget Hotel
We understand the many challenges you face when planning a group trip. That’s why the staff at our New York budget hotel is committed to providing you with personalized, friendly service. Experience the best of the Big Apple at our inexpensive budget hotel in New York City. Our features include:
More than 60 newly renovated guest rooms
Exciting location, on Manhattan’s Upper West Side, only minutes from world-famous attractions, stores, and nightlife
Special group rates , for any budget
Exclusive packages , tailored to your group
Easy accessibility to public transportation, with the No. 1, 2, 3 subway station just a block away
24-hour reception and security desk, for your safety
Rates do not include taxes. Tax rate is 14.75% + $3.50.
Internet Kiosks available on the Lobby Level
Concierge and Tour services available at the Front Desk
ATM available in the lobby
Non-smoking rooms and public spaces, allowing you to breathe easier
Rollaway beds available (on request basis only, subject to availability) for select room types at a nominal charge of $20 plus tax, per night.
Children under 12 stay free, verification upon check-in.
Pet Policy: No pets permitted.
Tourist Attractions & Events near our NYC Discount Hotel.
Located on Manhattan's trendy Upper West Side, Royal Park Hotel offers you clean, comfortable, and affordable lodging accommodations. Only minutes from Central Park and other New York City landmarks, our newly renovated hotel is designed to satisfy even the smallest group travel budgets.
Check Availability
258 West 97th Street, New York, NY 10025
Tel: 212-665-7434
