Contact Us |
... we put Manhattan in the palm of your hand!
New York's historic Wellington Hotel has been welcoming guests from around the globe to the most exciting city in the world for 110 years. No other hotel puts visitors in closer proximity to everything there is to see and do in New York City than the Wellington Hotel.
The Wellington Hotel's Midtown Manhattan neighborhood is within easy walking distance of New York's celebrated theatre district, all Broadway theaters and other performance locations such as City Center and the world famous Carnegie Hall. A leisurely walk will quickly take you to Central Park, Lincoln Center, several museums and many shops. In less than five minutes you can walk to more than 75 restaurants.
Other nearby points of interest include the Time Warner Center, Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue shopping, MoMA, Rockefeller Center, Top of the Rock and Times Square. Manhattan is also known for street fairs and parades, many of which are just steps from the Wellington Hotel. Although unlike the past few years when the  annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, went down Seventh Avenue right in front of the Wellington Hotel, this year the parade will actually go down Avenue of the Americas.  Avenue of the Americas is just one block east of Seventh Avenue so you can still have a great viewing spot...you just won't have the crowds right in front of the hotel.
Visit our Did You Know? page for interesting, up-to-date information and our NYC hotel specials and packages page for a selection of packages and seasonal offers.
Choose among a variety of Manhattan hotel room accommodations , including one-bedroom suites that are perfect for families and special occasions. All 600 hotel rooms and suites are comfortably decorated and offer high speed wireless internet (in room internet is complimentary when you make your reservation at our official website ). Two restaurants, room service and a 24-hour business center assure that when you stay at the Wellington Hotel, all the excitement of New York will be in "the palm of your hand!" at prices that will surprise and delight you.
