Hilton Garden Inn New York / West 35th Street in New York 1-800-230-4134
63 West 35th St., New York, NY 10001  (Downtown-City Center)
The Hilton Garden Inn New York / West 35th Street in New York is perfectly located in Midtown Manhattan and is just steps from some of New York`s best attractions including the Empire State Building, world-famous Macy`s at Herald Square, Times Square, Broadway theaters and Madison Square Garden. Providing the finest quality and services, the Hilton Garden Inn New York / West 35th Street in New York is perfectly designed for business or leisure guests, and offers an abundance of complimentary amenities ensuring your stay in the Big Apple is affordable, fun and hassle-free.
Attractions: Steps from Empire State Building, Fifth Avenue shopping and Madison Square Garden.  Walking distance to Broadway theaters and Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, many museums, and restaurants and nighlife.    Convenient to Jacob Javits Center, Penn Station, Grand Central, Port Authority Bus Terminal and all 3 area airports.
Park South Hotel in New York 1-800-997-5148
124 East 28th St., New York, NY 10016  (Downtown-City Center)
The Park South Hotel is housed in a beautifully restored historic 1906 building on 28th Street, between Park and Lexington Avenues.  The Hotel is ideally located between the business district of midtown and the dining and cultural hotspots of downtown Manhattan.  The hotel combines the design elements of a classic New York-style property with the latest amenities, contemporary décor and a boutique ambiance.  Our hotel features 141 stylishly appointed guestrooms and a relaxing public area.  Amenities include:  Complimentary European-style Continental Breakfast  Complimentary Wireless internet throughout the property  Complimentary daily New York Times and USA Today  Complimentary use of the on-site Fitness Center  Complimentary use of the Business Center  Flat screen televisions  Luxury Sealy Posturepedic Heaven Rest bedding  Bath robes and Slippers  Hairdryer  In-room safe  Iron & ironing board  Room Service  Dual line telephones  Conference/Boardroom facilities – 1600 sq. ft.  The Black duck Restaurant and Lounge – is nestled in an 18th Century brownstone adjacent to the hotel.  The restaurant features a cocktail lounge and a Continental American cuisine.  There are complimentary Jazz performances on Friday and Saturday evenings.
Attractions: Empire State Building, Madison Square Park, Union Square, Penn Station, Grand Central Station,Macy's, Herald Square; Times Square; 911 Memorial
Hilton Garden Inn Times Square in New York 1-800-997-5149
790 Eighth Ave., New York, NY 10019  (Downtown-City Center)
Hilton Garden Inn® Times Square is perfectly located in the heart of Times Square and is walking distance to Broadway theaters, Central Park, Carnegie Hall, Rockefeller Center and a multitude of museums.  Guestrooms are newly appointed & feature 32 inch LCD flat panel televisions, refrigerator, alarm clock with jack for portable music player, microwave oven, safe, coffee maker, and large work desk.   An array of complimentary amenities are available to each guest including high speed Internet access in guestroom & lobby, remote printing from room to hotel’s business center, complimentary Business Center and Fitness Center access, and complimentary Starbucks morning coffee/tea/USA Today. Adjacent to the hotel is Pigalle Brasserie, a 1950’s Paris style café, providing breakfast, lunch and dinner daily, limited room service in the evening, and a vibrant lounge area in order to wind down after a busy day of sightseeing.
Attractions: Steps from Broadway theaters and Times Square.  Walking distance to attractions such as Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Radio City Music Hall, Fifth Avenue Shopping, Madison Square Garden, many museums, Carnegie Hall.    Convenient to Jacob Javits Center, Penn Station, Grand Central, Port Authority Bus Terminal and all 3 area airports.
The Waldorf Astoria in New York 1-800-230-4134
301 Park Ave., New York, NY 10022  (Downtown-City Center)
The Waldorf Astoria occupies an entire city block defined by Park Avenue and Lexington Avenues, as intersected by 49th and 50th Streets.  The Waldorf Astoria, the renowned New York luxury hotel in midtown Manhattan, offers elegant accommodations and amenities including boutiques, restaurants and banquet facilities.    The Waldorf Astoria is an official New York City landmark since 1993 and an Art Deco treasure.  Each of the hotel's 1415 guestrooms is individually and stylishly decorated to echo the sophisticated tastes of the hotel's clientele. The hotel offers a wide variety of accommodations-from spacious single rooms to grand multi-bedroom suites. All feature high speed internet access, dual-line telephones with voice mail, mini-bar, hair dryers and large marble bathrooms.   Travelers return again to The Waldorf Astoria for timeless elegance, luxurious comfort, prime location and classic sophistication.
Attractions: The hotel is walking distance to Radio City Music Hall, Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's Cathedral, and the world-famous galleries and shopping of Fifth Avenue.
Hampton Inn Times Square North in New York 1-800-997-5148
851 8th Ave., New York, NY 10019  (Downtown-City Center)
Hampton Inn® Manhattan Times Square is conveniently located in the in the heart of midtown just steps from Broadway theaters, Times Square, Lincoln Center, Radio City, Rockefeller Center, Central Park & Carnegie Hall.   The hotel offers oversized guestrooms with luxurious details & an array of complimentary amenities that will enhance your stay - including complimentary guestroom Internet access, local telephone calls, long-distance access, coffee/tea in the lobby 24 hours per day, USA Today, & complimentary use of the hotel’s Fitness Center.  Complimentary “On the House™” hot breakfast & On The Go Breakfast Bags™ (Mon-Fri) are also available to each guest.
Attractions: Steps from Times Square, Broadway theaters and Central Park. Walking distance to attractions such as Rockefeller Center, Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, Radio City Music Hall and many museums.  Convenient to Jacob Javits Center, Penn Station, Port Authority Bus Terminal and all 3 area airports.
Le Parker Meridien New York in New York 1-800-997-5149
119 West 56th St., New York, NY 10019  (Downtown-City Center)
* ASK US ABOUT OUR SUMMER SUNDAY NIGHT PACKAGES. LIMITED TIME OFFER. ACT NOW.   This 4 Star, 4 Diamond Starwood hotel is European designed with a New York City flare.   Meeting and Wedding packages are available. Ask about our newly renovated 3000 sq ft Ballroom all glass enclosed on the 42nd floor of the hotel overlooking Central Park. Perfect place to say "I Do" or for that opening night corporate dinner or reception.   * 726 Ergonomically newly redesigned guest rooms and suites await you some with Central Park views  * Simple elegance with a contemporary look ebodies this hotel.  * 3 restaurants including (Norma's-voted best breakfast in NYC, the famous burgerjoint, and Knave our Espresso bar  * We now offer Starwood SPG planner points.   * A NIP AND TUCK EVEN AN "A" LIST CELEBRITY WOULD BE ENVIOUS OF:   * gravity our 20,000 sq ft fitness center and spa voted the BEST hotel gym by Muscle and Fitness Magazine just underwent a $4 million renovation. this includes the additions of: Drybar for ladies blowouts, Tenoverten-a mani/pedi destination, Moonshine--for the perfect massage or facial and Petite BlueDog Cafe for an organic refreshment.   24 hr security on staff, multi lingual front desk and concierge, along with baby sitting access thru our concierge. And dont leave Fido home as we are pet friendly but not smoking friendly.   Sister property to the "Gem in the Desert" the Parker Palm Springs in California.
Attractions: Central Park is only 2 blocks away.  Easy access to all area airports.  Walking distance to Time Warner Center,major corporations, Rockefeller Center, area shopping and broadway theatres.  Close enough to Times Square to walk and not have to stay in the noise and crowds.
