FAQs
Does the Manhattan 4th of July Fireworks Cruise usually sell out?
Yes, this cruise always sells out quickly, so book your tickets far ahead of time! Tickets may be purchased using Visa, Mastercard, or American Express.
What exactly do we see on the cruise?
You will get excellent views of lower Manhattan from the west side, and spectacular views of the Macy's Fourth of July fireworks on the Hudson River!I
Is food available on the boat?
Yes, four courses of passed hors d'oeuvres and dessert are included on the Manhattan 4th of July Cruise.
How about drinks? Should I bring those too?
No, it is illegal for you to bring alcohol of your own on board. However, this cruise includes complimentary beer, wine, Champagne, soda, and water.
Is the Motor Yacht Manhattan safe?
Absolutely.  Along with your captain, there is a minimum of two crew members on every sail to make sure you feel comfortable and at home on the water. We are stocked with water, beverages, and life jackets should you feel you need one.
How steady is the cruise? Am I likely to get seasick?
It is very rare for our guests to become seasick. While most people do not experience any sea sickness on the Motor Yacht Manhattan, you may want to consider light medication if you normally take it for motion sickness. We cannot officially advise you to take any medication, however.
Is there an age limit for these cruises?
While there is no age limit for the cruise, all attendees under 18 must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.
Where does the cruise finish?
Our cruise will end at the same pier from which it departed.
Is gratuity included in the price of the cruise?
Gratuity is not included in the price of the cruise. Parties of 12 or more will be contacted directly by Classic Harbor Line within 48 hours of purchasing tickets to provide credit card information for an additional charge of 18% gratuity.
Can I get a refund or reschedule my tickets after buying them?
Once purchased, tickets cannot be refunded and cannot be rescheduled because your space is being guaranteed at the event.
Do you ever cancel cruises due to bad weather?
The cruise runs regardless of weather conditions. In the rare situation where we are forced to cancel the event, ticket-holders will be refunded for the Fourth of July.
What happens if it starts raining when we're out on our cruise?
The aft-deck observatory of the Manhattan is a completely enclosed area with a roof, so in the event of rain, you will be covered.  This trip will be limited to not more than 50 guests, so there will be plenty of seating in the observatory should the weather turn bad.
Is the Manhattan handicap accessible?
The Manhattan is accessible to those with walkers and canes. While the exterior deck is also accessible to those in wheelchairs, the Manhattan is not completely wheelchair accessible by average standards. If you are in a wheelchair, please keep in mind that there is unfortunately no access into the main cabin (the back interior observatory). In addition, areas such as the and on-board restrooms have limited access as they are located down several steps. A guest using a wheelchair who would like to reach the back observatory must be comfortable with being carried down by our crew.  For this reason, we cannot safely accommodate guests who require this service if they weigh more than 175 pounds.  If you will need this service, please click “Contact SailNYC” to discuss with us before purchasing tickets.
Can I book a private charter cruise?
Yes, private cruises can be a unique and elegant event for your group. If you are interested in booking a private cruise, please contact us by clicking “Contact SailNYC” to the left of the page.
Is smoking permitted during the cruise?
No, smoking is not permitted anywhere on the boat.
Are gift certificates available for this cruise?
No, unfortunately there are no gift certificates available for our Special Event Yacht Cruises. There are, however, gift certificates available for our Statue and Skyline, Sunset, City Lights, and Brunch cruises, and they make a perfect gift for holidays, birthdays or any other occasion! To purchase a gift certificate, please check out these other cruises by clicking on “List of All Activities” to the left of the page.
