Machine-washable; officially licensed by Major League Baseball
Product Description
Amazon.com Product Description
Pay tribute to your favorite Major League Baseball player with this official name and number T-shirt. Made of 100-percent cotton, the shirt is soft and comfortable, with a screen-printed team name on the front and the player's name and number on the back. And as with every Majestic garment, the shirt carries itself with the same qualities--commitment, tenacity, and persistence--as every Major Leaguer who's ever stolen home, thrown a 100 mph fastball, or batted in the winning run. Available in the official team color, the machine-washable T-shirt is officially licensed by Major League Baseball.
About Majestic Athletic
The Majestic Athletic story began in the 1950s, when Mary Capobianco endeavored to open her own sewing mill. After working in the booming garment industry of Bangor, Pennsylvania, she realized she could work just as hard for herself and get much more in return. She started with women's clothing, blouses mostly. The company was called Maria Rose Fashions, and served well-dressed women from coast to coast. It was a far cry from athletic apparel, but it demanded the same attention to detail.
After learning the garment business first-hand, her son Faust Capobianco, III, followed in her footsteps. In 1976, he founded the Majestic Athletic you know today. Well, almost. The spirit was there, but the company hadn't made it to the big leagues yet. That happened in 1982, when Majestic introduced their first Major League Baseball batting practice jersey. This relationship grew in 1984 when the company signed their first MLB National Licensing Agreement, which brought fans the high-quality apparel they needed to truly show their team's colors.
Since the beginning, Majestic Athletic's philosophy has been simple: create the highest-quality athletic wear with a commitment to heritage, craftsmanship, and authenticity. And even though the company hit the big leagues, they still take time to add the hand-stitched details that got them where they are. But now they do it for every Major League Baseball club, the National Basketball Association, National Pro Fastpitch Softball, most major colleges and universities.
Product Description
Show support for Ichiro in Majestic's official Player Name & Number Tee.
Product Details
Shipping Weight: 1 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies )
Shipping: This item is also available for shipping to select countries outside the U.S.
ASIN: B0015MVKGA
 Would you like to give feedback on images ?
Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed
