Ichiro Suzuki Seattle Mariners - Hitting - Framed Autographed 16x20 Photograph
You need Flash Player to see this video.
You need Flash Player to see this video.
Click Image(s) to Enlarge
Certified Authentic
 
This framed 16x20 photo has been personally hand signed by the Seattle Mariners center fielder Ichiro Suzuki. This piece comes double matted in team colors and framed in a black frame. This product is officially licensed by Major League Baseball and comes with an individually numbered; tamper evident hologram from Mounted Memories. To ensure authenticity, the hologram can be reviewed online. This process helps to ensure that the product purchased is authentic and eliminates any possibility of duplication or fraud. The finished piece measures 22 1/2" x 27" x 1" and is ready to hang in any home or office.
Please Note:
Ships in 2-4 business days. This item has handling time. If an upgraded shipping method is chosen, the handling time shown will still apply.
Country of Origin: USA and/or Imported
ABOUT MOUNTED MEMORIES
Mounted Memories is among the oldest and most reputable manufacturers of autographed sports memorabilia and unsigned collectibles. Their innovative products are built in response to market demand and each is hand crafted in the USA. Mounted Memories uses over 50,000 sq. ft. of warehouse space to store its autographed memorabilia items and the custom display cases they build to protect them.
As a wholly owned subsidiary of Dreams, Inc., a vertically integrated sports memorabilia and licensed products firm, Mounted Memories maintains proprietary signing relationships with some of the greatest athletes of all time, including John Elway, Mike Schmidt, Dan Marino, and Pete and exercises strict control over the quality and authenticity of its autographed products. Mounted Memories has earned its status as one of the most reliable names in memorabilia, trusted by retailers and collectors nationwide.
AUTOGRAPH ACQUISITION AND AUTHENTICATION
All of Mounted Memories’ signed product comes directly from athlete/celebrity signings that are witnessed by a Mounted Memories authorized agent.  Each item comes with an individually numbered; tamper evident hologram from Mounted Memories. This process helps to ensure that the product purchased is authentic and eliminates any possibility of duplication or fraud.
Average Customer Rating
