Share  
Ichiro Suzuki (Getty Images)
After two months of experimenting with Ichiro Suzuki batting third in the lineup, the Mariners on Friday decided to put him back in the spot he’d occupied for every one of his 11 previous seasons in the majors: leadoff.
Back in February, before the season began, M’s manager Eric Wedge decided to take a chance on Chone Figgins and let him lead off — as he had done with great success as an L.A. Angel. With a roster full of young, inexperienced and unproven batters, Wedge put his best hitter — Ichiro — in the three hole .
On May 4, after giving Figgins a month to prove his worth, Wedge benched Figgins and moved Dustin Ackley to the leadoff spot. The decision proved fruitful, at first, as Ackley happened to find his bat and even go on a 13-game hitting streak.
But Wedge kept Ichiro batting third. Unfortunately, Ichiro had still not found his groove there — and still hasn’t. The three hole is supposed to be for a batter who can bring runners home. But through 52 games now, despite being the second-best hitter on the team with a .271 batting average, Ichiro is one of the worst with runners in scoring position. He’s hitting just .157 with RISP, behind only Brendan Ryan.
The M’s best RISP hitter (not counting John Jaso, who’s played in just half this season’s games) is Kyle Seager. He’s hitting .347 in that situation, and leads the team in RBI with 28.
Kyle Seager (Getty Images)
And that’s precisely whom Wedge put in the three hole for Friday’s game against the Chicago White Sox. For this first time this season, Ichiro is back to leadoff. Ackley is batting second.
We don’t know yet whether Friday’s lineup change will be permanent. But after several weeks of saying Ichiro needs to do better , and after the Mariners scored 21 against Texas on Ichiro’s first and only game off so far this season, Wedge has finally made the call and returned Ichiro to his old spot.
Odds are, Ichiro is happy to be back at leadoff. He’s comfortable there. He’s broken many records there. He excels there.
Now, we’ll see how well he does there again.
How do you feel about Ichiro going back to leadoff?
Finally! This move is way overdue.
Seems like a good plan. He should do better there.
I don't know. It's like moving the deck chairs around on the Titanic.
I'm not so enthused. He's still one of the best hitters.
Horrible idea! He was doing well enough.
