By Brian Shephard [July  1, 2009 at  7:20pm CST]
The Pirates are dominating the rumors lately, but there have been a few other noteworthy items:
The Astros claimed infielder German Duran off unconditional waivers from the Rangers. Ken Rosenthal writes that Duran will be put on the DL and will end up in the minors. 
Though money is tight for many American franchises, SI reports  that the earnings for the world's twenty richest non-American athletes are at an all-time high. Ichiro, with $22.5MM, is the only ballplayer on the list. 
David Wright shook off criticism  from former Met John Franco, telling reporters that Franco "doesn't know what's going on" in the Mets clubhouse.
Ken Gurnick of MLB.com  reports that the Dodgers prepared for the return of Manny Ramirez with a series of roster moves.
And Colin Dunlap of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette  reports that Pirates shortstop Jack Wilson apologized for remarks made yesterday that criticized the team's trading strategy.
Baseball Blogs Weigh In: Peavy, Giants, Rays, M's, Lidge, Beltre
By Cork Gaines [May 22, 2009 at  2:38pm CST]
On this date seven years ago, the A's traded Jeremy Giambi to the Phillies for John Mabry. At the time of the deal, Giambi was hitting .274/.390/.471 with 8 home runs and Mabry was essentially a pinch-hitter. Giambi would go on to hit 12 more home runs for the Phils but would play only one more season in the big leagues. As rumors start to fly in the '09 season, let's take a look at what is being written in the Blogosphere...
Fire Ned Colletti Now would be happy to see a team other than the Dodgers trade for Jake Peavy.
Jorge Says No! says the Brewers should look into trading for Jake Peavy.
McCovey Chronicles takes a look at some deadline deal possibilities for the Giants, including Matt Holliday, Carl Crawford and Ichiro.
The Rays Party notes that Jason Isringhausen makes for a crowded bullpen which may indicate that the Devil Rays ( $29 ) are about to make a deal.
Phlavio's Corner takes a look at some options to replace Carlos Delgado.
Around the Majors takes a look back at the Brad Lidge extension and wonders if it was a mistake.
Bleeding Blue and Teal would like to see the Mariners make a deal for Ben Zobrist.
The Detroit Tigers Weblog now admits that the Edwin Jackson-Matt Joyce trade may have been good for the Tigers.
MLB Notebook sees a few possible trade destinations for Adrian Beltre including both Chicago franchises.
Cork Gaines writes for RaysIndex.com . If you have a suggestion for this feature, Cork can be reached here , and on Twitter here .
Mariners Rumors: Ibanez, Beltre, Ichiro
By Tim Dierkes [September 25, 2008 at  1:25pm CST]
More fine work from Geoff Baker of the Seattle Times as he takes a look at the future of the Mariners.  A few notes:
Raul Ibanez names winning as his top priority, like most players.  He'll still entertain a possible return to Seattle, but it seems likely a more competitive team will make a solid offer.
Adrian Beltre doesn't like the idea of playing for a rebuilding club in '09, but he's under contract with the Ms at a reasonable $12MM.  Does it make sense to trade him and let Ibanez walk, opting for a full-out rebuild?  Or do the Mariners need to keep Beltre around to avoid further embarrassment?
Ichiro Suzuki is not well-liked in the clubhouse.  Is he a selfish player, or is he being treated unfairly because of the language barrier?
The Mariners have questions about their middle-infield tandem of Jose Lopez and Yuniesky Betancourt.  Lopez has defensive issues; Betancourt isn't much with the bat.  Actually Betancourt may have defensive problems as well, in particular going to his left.
