Wikipedia
About
Ichiro Suzuki is a Major League Baseball outfielder for the Seattle Mariners, who became quite famous for his fast-paced and immaculately precise throws dubbed by fans as the Ichiro Laser Beam (イチロー レーザービーム), as well as his 2009 TV interview response “I was almost coming” (ほぼイきかけました hobo ikikake mashita) was seen by many as both inappropriate and suggestive--thus exploitable for broadcasting, though Ichiro was actually describing his emotions after successfully executing a “laser beam” throw. Because of these, the Japanese baseball superstar became the target of online parodies, which includes a series of MAD videos based on them [1] .
Origins of Source Material
The source footage seen in these two videos below show some of the most frequently used bits for the MAD series. Captured during a game on April 11, 2001, and taken up again in PBS’ documentary, The Tenth Inning [2] , it became quite popular, and was frequently replayed in Japan, while upsetting the evaluation of many American media, doubting his success in those days ever since.
This video below is also used as popular fodder for the series. It shows the interview after WBC’s victory ceremony on March 24, 2009, during which the phrase “I was almost coming” (ほぼイきかけました hobo ikikake mashita) can be heard. Regardless of the context in dialogue, it was nevertheless seen as an unacceptable expression for broadcasting. Eventually, Ichiro released a public apology by saying “Sāsen”, an easy pronounciation of “Sumimasen” (lit. “I’m sorry.”):
The notorious soundbite is used in many MADs and it was praised as 4th rank on the Japanese Internet Vogue Word Award of 2009. Another phrase appearing in the same interview is “Azāssu” (アザーッス), an easy pronunciation of “Arigatou Gozaimasu (lit. “Thank you very much.”).
This video seen below was originally titled on the popular Japanese hubsite Nico Nico Douga (NND) as “Doom by Ichiro’s Laser Beam” (イチローのレーザービームで人類滅亡 Ichirō no rēzābīmu de jinrui metsubou). The zany BGM heard in this video is Bon Mawari (盆周り), and is well-known for being featured on the popular Japanese comedy show in the 70’s. This was also the origin of the popular MAD series on NND, known as the “ Doom series ” (人類滅亡シリーズ jinrui metsubou sirīzu).
The Athlete
Excerpts from Wikipedia Entry (To Be Updated):
Ichiro Suzuki (鈴木 一朗, nicknamed “Ichi” & “The Hits Man”) is a Major League Baseball outfielder for the Seattle Mariners. Ichiro has established a number of batting records, including the sport’s single-season record for base hits with 262. He has had nine consecutive 200-hit seasons, the longest streak by any player.
Ichiro moved to the United States in 2001 after playing nine years for the Orix Blue Wave in Japan’s Pacific League. Posted by Orix after the 2000 season, Ichiro became Seattle’s right fielder. The second Japanese-born everyday position player in the major leagues, Ichiro led the AL in batting average and stolen bases en route to being named Rookie of the Year and MVP.
He has been voted onto nine All-Star teams by the fans, winning the 2007 All-Star MVP Award for a three-hit performance that included the event’s first-ever inside-the-park home run. Ichiro has won a Gold Glove award in each of his first nine years in the major leagues, and has had six hitting streaks of 20 or more games, with a high of 27.
Notable Meme Videos
