Ichiro Suzuki profile, Ichiro Suzuki picture, Ichiro Suzuki MLB, Major League Baseball
Ichiro Suzuki
Athletes Home / Baseball Home / Sports Channel
Willie, Mickey, Duke, Stan, Jackie, Manny, Barry, Hank, Chipper, Sammy – all well known ballplayers, all known by their first names. However, none of them were bold enough to actually have their first names stitched onto the back of their jerseys like Seattle Mariners outfielder Ichiro Suzuki…err, we mean Ichiro. Just Ichiro.
Ichiro has been just Ichiro since 1997, when a manger with the Orix Blue Wave suggested that Suzuki go by his first name, partly because Suzuki is a common sir name in Japan. The first-name-only concept caught on, and when Ichiro came to the United States to play for the Seattle Mariners in 2001, he wanted to continue the practice. At first, it raised a few eyebrows, but then again, what about the newcomer didn’t?
For one thing, Ichiro was the first position player from Japan to try to make it in the major leagues. The very first Japanese player who made the majors was Masanori Murakami, a left-handed reliever who pitched for the San Francisco Giants in 1964-65. The next Japanese player to leap across the Pacific wasn’t until Los Angles Dodgers Rookie of the Year Hideo Nomo did it in 1995. 
Obviously being the first Japanese position player to don a major league uniform left Ichiro, a .353 career hitter and seven-time Pacific League batting champion, in uncharted territory.
Then there was his size – or rather, the lack thereof. He’s listed at 5-feet-9 and 172 pounds, but he appears even smaller than that. His appearance – with his mustache and the stubble on his chin – didn’t help matters either, considering he looked a bit like a Samurai warrior, at least to U.S. audiences.
Yet another one of Ichiro’s qualities that drew onlookers was his approach at the plate. He often looked like an archer ready to strike with a bow and arrow, instead of a batter ready to take on a 95mph fastball. Then when the pitch came, he had a leg kick that resembled more of a place kicker than a major league batter. 
When Ichiro swung, however, it seemed like he couldn’t miss. A fastball at the eyes – swat! A curve ball bouncing a foot in front of the plate – smack! The guy seemed to put bat to ball with relative ease.
Once people stopped looking at his oddball tendencies, they marveled at his electrifying play both in the field and on the base paths. He’s always been fast and can throw lasers virtually to any base. It’s no wonder he was the top vote getter in the All-Star balloting his first three years. Although yes, tons of votes came in from Japan, but Ichiro also led in paper balloting, which came mostly from fans at the major league ballparks.
In 2001, his first regular season with the Mariners, he led the junior circuit with a .350 batting average, got more hits (242) than anyone in 71 years, and won American League Rookie of the Year and Most Valuable Player honors. Ichiro was great and the team was even better, as the Mariners tied the 1906 Cubs’ record for most victories in a season with a 116. A World Series would have been the perfect culmination, but the M’s faltered against the Yankees in the ALCS.
The next season, Ichiro’s average tailed off to .321. The Mariners won 93 games, but finished 10 behind Oakland and six back in the wild card behind the eventual World Series champion Angels. The Mariners won 93 games again the following season, but finished two games out of the wild card.
In 2004, the Mariners went into the tank early and finished last, but Ichiro was able to provide a pennant fever atmosphere in the Emerald City. Throughout the final month, the talk of the town was whether Ichiro could catch the somewhat obscure record for hits in a season (257) set in 1920 by George Sisler of the St. Louis Browns. Ichiro passed Sisler on the third to last day of the season with a single in the third inning against the Rangers. Fireworks went off at Safeco Field in Seattle and celebrations broke out all over Japan.
In 2005, he slumped to .303 average but collected 200 hits, becoming the first player in major league history to start his career with a string of five straight 200-hit season. He pounded out 15 homers that year, which remains a career best. 
Ichiro on the web
