2008 Topps Heritage Then and Now Ichiro Suzuki & Minnie Minoso Baseball Card
$5.00
Sports cards collecting tips: A key thing to remember when building your baseball cards and or other sports cards collection is that the condition of the baseball cards or other sports cards is very important to it’s value or selling price. Make sure to protect your cards with the proper card supplies every time. If you ever think of selling your baseball cards, football cards, or other card collection your top condition cards will always get better prices than cards that are not in top condition regardless if they are old or new when you put them up for sale.
There is no right or wrong baseball cards to collect. Many people collect cards made by Topps or Upper Deck but there have been many manufacturers over the years and even the ones that are no longer in business anymore like Fleer or Pinnacle are collected by many collectors. Some people buy only new cards while other buy only old baseball cards. Price or what a price guide says a card is worth should not be the only or even the main factor in what you collect. The way to have the most fun with the hobby is to collect what you like and how you like and not what someone else says they think you should collect.
Many collectors like to buy baseball cards by the pack or box and get a thrill out of hitting their favorite player or that hard to find card insert card. Others like to collect team sets or cards of their home town players and yet other collect factory sets . Collecting baseball cards, football cards, basketball cards, or any other type of sports trading card can be a life long hobby so just have fun with what you collect and enjoy your hobby.
The Baseball Card Shop - 1891 E. State Hermitage PA 16148 - 724-981-4443 - Baseball Cards and Sports Cards For All Collectors - Baseball Cards - Football Cards - Basketball Cards - Hockey Cards - Collecting Supplies - www.baseballcardshop.net ------- email info@baseballcardshop.net
Copyright © 1999-2012 The Baseball Card Shop, 1891 E. State St. Hermitage PA 16148. All rights reserved.
Celebrating 23 Years In Business 1989-2012
