View all topics
Latest Stories
SI.com: Cliff Corcoran: Five of game's best have something to prove in spring training updated: Thu Feb 23 2012 12:51:00
Last week -- when I took a look at the big questions, position battles and top prospects facing all 30 teams as they arrived in spring training -- I discussed a number of players whose health, position or even just their declining skills made them question marks heading into camp. That list of players included big names such as Johan Santana, Adam Dunn, Justin Morneau, Grady Sizemore, Josh Johnson, Adam Wainwright and Hanley Ramirez. Yet those were far from the only players in that situation. The following are five of the biggest names with something to prove this spring that I didn't address in detail in my previews.
SI.com: Tom Verducci: Lack of success by Japanese stars opens debate about next wave updated: Tue Nov 15 2011 11:37:00
When the Boston Red Sox signed Daisuke Matsuzaka to a six-year contract beginning in 2007 -- a $103 million investment including a $51 million posting fee to acquire his rights -- they worried about the Third-Year Wall. Research by the Boston quantitative analysts showed that most pitchers from Nippon Pro Ball suffered a sharp decline in performance about three years into their transition to Major League Baseball.
SI.com: Tom Verducci: Five things to watch for (aside from runs) at sports' best All-Star Game updated: Tue Jul 12 2011 15:38:00
The baseball All-Star Game is still the best all-star show in sports. What sets it apart from other sports is its rich history, something about the pageantry of players wearing their regular jerseys rather than a gimmicky league jersey and, most of all, it's the only one in which the players play the same kind of defense they would play in a "real" game. And given the depressed run-scoring environment of today's game, run prevention might be the star of the show tonight.
SI.com: Mel Antonen: After decade of excellence, Ichiro may miss All-Star Game updated: Thu Jun 30 2011 09:09:00
Derek Jeter hasn't done it. Alex Rodriguez hasn't done it. Even Albert Pujols hasn't done it. In fact, only one man has appeared in each of the past 10 major league All-Star Games. But barring a serious surge at the ballot box or with his batting average, that man -- Seattle Mariners outfielder Ichiro Suzuki -- will be absent when baseball's galaxy of stars gathers in Phoenix on July 12 for this year's Midsummer Classic.
SI.com: Kostya Kennedy: Milestones will be reached in 2011 but DiMaggio's mark is safe updated: Thu Mar 31 2011 13:32:00
This much we can count on in the 2011 baseball season -- the passing of a few good milestones, the further elevation of a few good men. Sometime in early June, if his past is any kind of prologue, shortstop Derek Jeter will stroke his 3,000th career hit, and become (and this is pretty crazy when you think about it) the first player in the gilded, 100-plus-year history of the Yankees to reach that figure. In September, Jeter's teammate, Mariano Rivera, could save his 43rd game of the season (why not? he had 44 saves in 2009) and pass Trevor Hoffman as the major leagues' all-time saves leader.
SI.com: Steve Rushin: A first pack of baseball cards creates a lifetime memory updated: Wed Mar 23 2011 09:20:00
Every so often life assigns you a family: First at birth (when you meet the bozos who share your surname), again in college (when you're forcibly bunked with a stranger from Cincinnati) and again at marriage (when annexed by in-laws who suddenly call you "son"). In each case, you didn't choose these people, they certainly didn't choose you, but chance -- that sadistic matchmaker -- has thrown you together for life.
SI.com: Joe Lemire: Far from quake-stricken homeland, Japanese players face grief, fear updated: Tue Mar 15 2011 16:21:00
MARYVALE, Ariz. -- There's a certain weariness that follows the adrenaline and stress of an emergency, and that fatigue was evident in the eyes of Brewers reliever Takashi Saito as he sat in front of his locker Sunday afternoon and addressed the English-speaking media. He had just pitched his first inning since an 8.9-Richter Scale earthquake and an ensuing tsunami rocked Japan's coast near Sendai, the city of one million people where he grew up.
SI.com: Frank Deford: Ichiro is the definition of unique updated: Wed Sep 01 2010 16:42:00
We usually wait for milestones to salute excellence, but every now and then it's worth just pausing to admire some athlete who is sui generis, who does something spectacular, but does it day after week after year. So, like that, may we now sing the praises of Ichiro Suzuki as he completes his tenth season in American baseball.
SI.com: Frank Deford: In praise of Ichiro Suzuki updated: Wed Sep 01 2010 13:17:00
We usually wait for milestones to salute excellence, but every now and then it's worth pausing to admire some athlete who is sui generis, who does something spectacular, but does it day after day, year after year. So may we now sing the praises of Ichiro Suzuki as he completes his 10th season in American baseball.
SI.com: Tim Marchman: The problems with defensive stats updated: Wed Aug 11 2010 12:14:00
Let's suppose that you're a normal baseball fan with normal interests and an understanding that smart writers and operators think fancy defensive statistics are important.
SI.com: John Rolfe: Immortal Pirates, Wee Willie facts, more items of disinterest updated: Fri Jul 09 2010 15:15:00
Now that the Pirates have sailed into the annals of ignominy with their record-breaking 17th straight losing season, this space would like to take a little stroll down memory lane. Having been through a pair of fallow eras with our own rooting interest -- hence this space's rueful fondness for such pinstriped, ahem, luminaries as Stump Merrill, Andy Stankiewicz, Eric Plunk, Porky Reniff, Thad Tillotson, Celerino Sanchez, Horace Clarke and Jake Gibbs -- we know sometime before the sun burns out that Pirates fans will look back on this miserable stretch and chuckle over names such as these that have graced their team's roster since its last winning campaign in 1992:
SI.com: Joe Posnanski: Which milestones and records will be reached -- and which won't? updated: Wed May 26 2010 12:06:00
As a continuation of the Derek Jeter/hit record post, I thought it might be fun to spark a little conversation and make a few predictions about players and their magic numbers. I wrote in that Jeter post that I don't think Jeter will quite get to 3,500 hits.
Chef steps up to plate to fuel favorite team updated: Sun Apr 04 2010 08:27:00
The stadium lights are on, the outfield is mowed, and the beer taps are primed for their first pour. The Major League Baseball regular season is about to begin.
SI.com: Joe Posnanski: There has never been a player like Ichiro, and there likely never will updated: Thu Mar 25 2010 12:40:00
We often talk about players who are unique. Derek Jeter is unique. Albert Pujols is unique. Chase Utley is unique. And so on.
SI.com: Ben Reiter: Spring Postcards: Can defense, imports get M's to October? updated: Sat Mar 06 2010 20:06:00
This spring, SI.com is filing postcards from all 30 camps. To read all the postcards, click here.
SI.com: Tim Marchman: The Mariners are improving, but let's not get carried away just yet updated: Fri Feb 19 2010 14:40:00
Purists adore them for their commitment to pitching and defense. Numbers junkies revere them for their innovative use of math and technology. The rightness of the Seattle Mariners is the one thing on which everyone in baseball agrees. But there's more to this story than meets the eye.
SI.com: Ted Keith: Previously unknown, Coghlan and Bailey took unique paths to honors updated: Mon Nov 16 2009 18:07:00
Forget for a moment that Chris Coghlan and Andrew Bailey sound more like Irish rugby players than major league baseball's newest Rookies of the Year. Forget that they toiled in relative anonymity all season long for two non-playoff teams whose payrolls combined are less than half that of the Yankees. Forget that neither produced a statistical season of great historical importance or that a compelling case could be made for several other players to have won the award in both leagues. And forget, too, that despite their impressive debut campaigns, it seems likely that this year's winners will one day more closely resemble those from 1989 (when forgettables like Gregg Olson and Jerome Walton were the AL and NL winners, respectively) than 2001 (when future Hall of Famers Ichiro Suzuki and Albert Pujols took home the hardware).
SI.com: Jon Heyman: Umpires' foul play taints exciting postseason updated: Sat Oct 10 2009 19:54:00
The baseball is compelling, the umpiring dreadful.
SI.com: Tom Verducci: Categorical leaders for the aughts, plus my All-Decade Team updated: Tue Sep 15 2009 15:09:00
The team of the aughts will be decided this postseason. The Yankees have the most wins this decade and the most World Series appearances, but the Red Sox have the most world championships and are looking for a third when no one else has two. The Cardinals could get into the mix with their second world championship this decade.
SI.com: David Sabino: Phillies are spotless with Pedro, Tulowitzki's historic season, more updated: Tue Sep 15 2009 14:02:00
The season is in its twilight, but the stars of Diamond Digits shine on. This week an all-time great hurler continues his improbable comeback run, a young star shortstop is unprecedentedly good in the field. At the plate, we have a Royal who puts up triple-doubles like Oscar Robertson, and for the second consecutive week, Ichiro hits a huge milestone.
SI.com: David Sabino: Ichiro's run to 2,000 hits, Nathan's historic achievement and more updated: Tue Sep 08 2009 17:11:00
As the regular season enters its final month, the pennant races have started to shake out with the cream rising to the top. This week's Diamond Digits takes a look at two players who have shown that they're just about the best that anyone has ever been at their respective jobs and much more.
SI.com: Cliff Corcoran: Identifying the game's best and worst defenders at each position updated: Tue Jul 21 2009 18:34:00
The human brain's powers of perception, analysis, memory and recall are amazing, but they nonetheless rely on a series of shortcuts. In order to process information faster, the mind fills in familiar information from memory rather than processing it anew. That's how we're able to avoid being overwhelmed with visual information at every turn, how we're able to recognize faces and voices, and why stereotypes are created on a subconscious level. It's also why the brain places undue emphasis on exceptions.
SI.com: Ted Keith: A-Rod, Manny detract from feelgood stories updated: Thu Jul 09 2009 07:06:00
Things seemed to be going so well. Alex Rodriguez was in virtual seclusion in Colorado, then Florida. Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens were neither seen nor heard, and Zack Greinke and Ryan Zimmerman were reminding everyone that baseball still held the power to surprise and amaze for all the right reasons. And then came news that Manny Ramirez had failed a drug test, instantly calling into question the legitimacy of his statistics and of the Dodgers' red-hot start that had been fueled by a player who was fueled, at least in part, by a female fertility drug. Perhaps worst of all, it turned the focus of this week's mailbag back to the dreaded topic of performance-enhancing drugs.
SI.com: Ted Keith: At age 23, Seattle's King Felix is establishing himself as a true ace updated: Mon Jul 06 2009 12:53:00
Ichiro Suzuki was lying on his back in the corner of the visitor's clubhouse at Yankee Stadium last week doing his usual pregame stretching when a large, muscular man suddenly jumped on top of him and began ... tickling him? Yes, Ken Griffey Jr. was tickling his fellow outfielder, both players acting like schoolchildren and wearing smiles as broad as the room they were playing in.
SI.com: Tom Verducci: Mariners' offense historically bad; Yankees stocking up on southpaws updated: Sun Jun 14 2009 00:59:00
1) The Seattle Mariners broke loose with six runs on 12 hits on Thursday against the Orioles, which only means the odds of them putting up such an output on Friday night are not very good. (Editor's note: The Mariners lost to the Rockies 6-4 on Friday.) Only once this year have the Mariners scored six runs in back-to-back games. Indeed, the Mariners are a fascinatingly bad offensive team, especially for a team that is playing .500 ball. It's hard to construct a team in this era, in a league with the DH, that has this much trouble scoring runs. They are last in the majors in runs; yes, worse than the Giants and Padres. How bad is it?
SI.com: Jon Heyman: Separating contenders from pretenders; notes around majors updated: Mon May 04 2009 17:28:00
It's time to separate the wheat from the sheet, the cream from the crud and the contenders from the pretenders. Well, you get the idea. There's a whole lot of supposed surprise teams (or at least five of 'em) a month into this season. A couple of these teams may continue to surprise. But others will sink to their predicted level, which is a lot lower than where they are now.
