Post a comment
Ichiro Suzuki would become one of those Japanese imports from the island of Kasugai that was going to make an instant impact in Major League Baseball, it would not be clear if he could become a great home run hitter; but it is quite apparent that Ichiro has what it takes to one day become the all-time hit leader. Ichiro Suzuki is on pace to break that record held by Pete Rose, which stands at 4256 hits. If New York Yankees Short Stop Derek Jeter can stay healthy and play for 5 more seasons he may also have the opportunity to shatter this long time cherished record held by Pete Rose.
When Derek Jeter came into the league in 1995 Ichiro Suzuki was touring the Japanese baseball circuit looking to break into the ranks of American Major League Baseball. The American scouts that were following Ichiro's baseball development knew that it would be a matter of time that he would someday enter into the ranks of American Major League Baseball. Even though Derek Jeter entered the league in 1995 and was touted to become a dominant figure in Major League Baseball, it would be Jeter's upbringing and education from the fields of Pequannock, New Jersey that would set his destiny in motion.
Derek Jeter is only one year older than Ichiro Suzuki, but that has not stopped Ichiro from having the most hits in six MLB seasons. Ichiro also is the only active player to have nine seasons with 200 hits or more, his nine year total at the end of the 2009 regular season is 2030 hits. Derek Jeter has played 15 seasons with the New York Yankees, and his hit total is 2747. Neither Ichiro Suzuki nor Derek Jeter have been dominant home run hitters, but what makes them both special players - is that they have the capability on changing the outcome of a game due to their commanding hitting ability.
In comparison of their respective Major League careers, the difference is that Derek Jeter has numerous awards to boast about, not to mention he has help the New York Yankees win 7 American League World Series. Unfortunately Ichiro Suzuki Seattle Mariners team has no World Series titles to brag about, it may even be unfair to place the Mariners in the same league as the New York Yankees.
Ichiro Suzuki has been a positive force since he joined the Mariners organization in 2001; he has won 9 Gold Gloves, and also has maintained a .300 batting average throughout his career. In comparison of their respective careers, if Ichiro Suzuki played for a team that was in contention year after year - there is no doubt that he could have matched Derek Jeter's 7 MLB Championship wins.
Published by Alfonso Coley
My passion includes writing about important events that shape our society, opinions, view points, and relationships. A true writer is not afraid to bare his soul - a service that should always be refined wit...   View profile
