0.380
0.449
I left off Ichiro’s cup of coffee seasons at ages 18 and 19. The rules are different over here, and I doubt that a team would want to place him on the 40-man roster so quickly, and they don’t really add much value anyway.  Ichiro completely dominated Japan’s minor leagues at those ages though.  His age-20 season is a top-range Ichiro season, much like 2001 and 2004 were.  Would he have been in the majors from the start at such a young age?  I say yes, especially if we assume American Ichiro  plays for Seattle the whole time.  This would have been 1994.  Five years earlier the Mariners started a 19-year-old center fielder with Hall of Fame talent.  Two years  later they’d do the same for a 20-year-old shortstop.
What I see here is the lack of a clearly defined aging pattern.  Ichiro’s skills, and the magnitude of his play, appear to be the same at age 20 as they were at age  27, and remain so at age 35.  He is the timeless warrior.  He has up years and down years.  With a constant ability of a .335 hitter, some years he’ll hit .310 and  some years he’ll hit .360. Some years he gets on a good power streak and swats 12-15 homers.  Other years his hits stay on the ground and he only hits six.  Those  seasons also appear randomly interspersed through the years, with no detectable aging trend.
If you give him credit for his play in Japan, his career length and excellence certainly meets the standards for Cooperstown, and of course, he’s still going strong.   He may even reach 3,000 hits for his U.S. career alone.  Not everyone is in favor of giving credit for seasons played in Japan, for the purposes of the Hall of  Fame.  My personal opinion and standards are as follows:
To warrant consideration, a player must play major league baseball. (This does not apply to the Negro Leagues; it’s a different issue).  Saduhara Oh may have  had a HOF-worthy career, but Japan has its own Hall of Fame to honor him.
The player must demonstrate a Hall of Fame level of play in the United States.  If Saduhara Oh played his HOF career in Japan, came to the U.S. at age  38, hit .260 with 15 homers, then went back, I would not vote for him.  I would not vote for Hideki Matsui, who has been a good player, but not a HOF-level one  in the U.S.  I stand by this even as he approaches 500 combined home runs.  He is certainly worthy of Japan's Hall of Fame, where his record is much more impressive compared to his peers.
If a player has demonstrated a HOF-quality peak in the U.S. but lacks career length, it is appropriate to investigate how many years he played at a high level in a league outside the U.S.
As of now, this applies only to Ichiro.  He is the first, but there will some day be others.  It doesn’t seem so likely right now as he’s had all sorts of problems  in 2009, but if a pitcher like Matsuzaka had 175 wins or so in the U.S., I would fully support looking at his Japanese record to add length to his HOF case.
Are these WAR numbers any good?  Do they accurately rate Ichiro?
Let’s look at these by components.
Offense: I have Ichiro at +132 batting runs.  Baseball-Reference lists him at +130 through 2008, as does Fangraphs.  Ichiro gets a huge number of infield  hits, which are worth less than standard singles because they don’t advance base runners as well, but Colin Wyers on a Baseball Think Factory thread posted Ichiro’s  numbers based on situation specific run expectancy.  The result: 132 runs.  Offense is the easiest thing to measure.
Speed: Ichiro’s base running is +43 runs.  Of that, about 30 runs is due to stealing 315 bases and only being caught 70 times.  For the rest, which depend on hidden calculations (not because they are proprietary but because they would take a book to explain) I’m just saying Ichiro’s speed is worth about two runs a year. This shouldn’t be controversial since nobody is going to suggest Ichiro is a poor base runner, and suggesting he’s average would seem strange given how fast everyone can see he is.
Avoiding the double play: He hits into five double plays per year.  My numbers say that’s worth four runs.  If the average player in his opportunities hits into 14 per year, that’s seven times where Ichiro’s speed beats the relay throw to first, saving his team an out and gaining a base runner, essentially equivalent to the opposite of a caught stealing (.44 runs).  Nine x 0.44 = 3.96
So far, nothing that should be controversial.
Defense and Arm: TotalZone has Ichiro at +74 runs and another +34 with his throwing.  TotalZone is not the state-of-the-art defensive system, judging by detail of inputs.  UZR (Ultimate Zone Rating, available on Fangraphs) accounts for more detail.  UZR has Ichiro at +54 for range and errors, and +28 for arm. It’s close, but Fangraphs only includes seasons 2002 and on.  For those seasons only, my numbers show +61 for range and +32 for throwing.  Even closer.
Zone rating, as published by STATS (Fangraphs uses Baseball Info Solutions data) does not like Ichiro so much, rating him as about an average defender. Zone rating does not attempt to measure the impact of a throwing arm. The Fielding Bible Vol. 2 has data for 2003 to 2008 and shows Ichiro at +48 range and +32 throwing for right field and center field combined.  Those who observe Ichiro, such as the fans who respond to Tango Tiger’s scouting report for the fans, consistently rank Ichiro as a great defender.
One criticism of the arm ratings is that they aggregate too much and do not consider the hit location of the ball.  It is true that Bengie Molina will score on a sac fly caught by Roberto Clemente if it is caught 375 feet from the plate.  And Juan Pierre will hold Carl Crawford at third if he catches the ball 150 feet from home. (Well, maybe.)
But the data show that these things even out over a long season.  Large sample size is our friend.  We may not be able to trust throwing ratings  compiled game by game or week by week.  But the season ratings are reasonable, and the career ratings look very good. If the problems were as bad as the critics  say, we’d have random data, with the leaders in arm rankings changing year to year and bad throwers likely to put up good numbers by accident, and good throwers  looking bad.  This does not happen.  The guys who are  observed to have the best arms, like Roberto Clemente and Jesse Barfield , rate well.  Those who don’t, like Juan Pierre and Bernie Williams , rate poorly.  Sometimes a big slow guy like Frank Howard will rate poorly despite a great arm, and a guy like Tim Raines or Kenny Lofton will rate well.  In these cases, what we are seeing is that arm strength is only one factor that affects base runner advancement.  How fast you get to the ball matters too.
Conclusion: the TotalZone ratings for defense and arm are similar to such ratings by more advanced systems and backed by observational data.  Zone rating, as regards to Ichiro, stands on an Island by itself.  Quantifying defense is difficult.  I don't expect everyone to trust the results of these systems.  I do think it is much more likely than not that a player with great speed, who looks great playing the outfield, and who wins a gold glove every year is in fact the outstanding defender that these metrics claim he is.
I am convinced that not only will Ichiro be inducted to the Cooperstown Hall of Fame, but he will deserve to go.
Will Ichiro be elected to Japan’s Hall of Fame?
This is a tougher question for me as I’m not as familiar with the eligibility requirements.  The rules are similar as Cooperstown’s in that players must be retired  for five years and receive 75 percent of the votes.  I did not see a requirement for a minimum number of years played.  Ichiro played seven full seasons in Japan and parts of two others.  He has more playing time than Randy Bass , who has been eligible for election though he did not receive the minimum number of votes.
JapanBaseballDaily.com , which is an incredible resource for statistics, lists the leaders in batting average with a minimum of 4,000 at-bats.  The leader is Leron Lee, at .320.  Ichiro has 1,278 hits in 3,619 at-bats for a .353 average.  Ichiro could return to Japan, collect the extra 381 at-bats, and need only three hits to claim the top spot from Lee by percentage points.  I’m not sure where his .422 on-base percentage ranks, but it must be up there, with a 30-point edge in batting average and a higher walk rate than he’s shown in the U.S.
I don’t know if the Japanese Hall of Fame voters will hold it against Ichiro for leaving to play in the United States.  With the fans, he could not be more popular, and he certainly has not hurt his national standing with his play in the World Baseball Classic.
I believe that in the end he will be the first player to be enshrined in the Halls of Fame of two nations, and I look forward to that day.
Sean Smith is a lifelong Angels fan despite never visiting the west coast until April 2006.  His work can also be found at baseballprojection.com and Anaheim Angels All the Way and he can be contacted by email .
