More...
While it might be premature to consider Ichiro Suzuki's career to be at a close—he is still the starting right fielder for the Seattle Mariners—he enters the 2012 season as a 38-year-old major-league ballplayer. In baseball terms, that's pushing retirement age—and his performance in 2012 will determine whether it becomes a forced retirement. What is not premature is determining the answer to this question: Is Ichiro Suzuki a Hall of Famer?
Ichiro is signed to play for Seattle through this year, and while the Japanese hitting machine has succeeded through extraordinary conditioning and discipline, his decline is inevitable as it is with any mere mortal playing at the highest level of baseball on the planet. His 2011 season seemed to show significant cracks in the façade—we'll explore that presently—and although he has averaged an amazing 221 hits per season in his 11-year career, what might qualify him for enshrinement among the greatest to ever have played the game has more than likely been accomplished already.
Rising Sons: The Dawn of Japanese Position Players
Ichiro Suzuki is the exception that proves (meaning tests) the rule: Except for Suzuki, Japanese position players have yet to establish that they are consistently equal to domestic and Latin talent. True, the sample size is not large enough yet: Only a relative handful of Japanese position players have managed to break into the majors, and of those, apart from Ichiro, only Hideki Matsui has had any real success.
Matsui, nicknamed “Godzilla,” hardly posted metropolis-razing numbers but proved to be a solid if journeyman power hitter (although injuries did hamper his efforts) who did have a monster 2009 World Series, helping the New York Yankees win it all and getting himself named as the Series' Most Valuable Player with three home runs and eight runs batted in in six games against the Philadelphia Phillies. However, as of this writing Matsui is an unsigned free agent, and based on his unremarkable 2011 stint with the Oakland A's—for the first time in his career, Matsui was below-league-average in OPS+ (on base plus slugging percentage, league- and park-adjusted), not a good sign for a player who is essentially a designated hitter now—his prospects look dim.
Of the other Japanese position players who played in 2011, Tsuyoshi Nishioka is a backup infielder for the Minnesota Twins while Kosuke Fukudome, who proved to be a major-league disappointment for the major-league-disappointing Chicago Cubs, has landed on Chicago's South Side with the White Sox. Meanwhile, Kaz Matsui, So Taguchi, Tadahito Iguchi, and Akinori Iwamura are hardly making anyone nostalgic, although Iguchi and Iwamura, both second basemen, did get exposure when their teams went to the World Series—Iguchi won a ring with the White Sox in 2005, while Iwamura was part of the Cinderella Tampa Bay Rays in 2008.
The relative inauspiciousness of Japanese position players in Major League Baseball makes Ichiro Suzuki's performance even more auspicious. However, Ichiro's legacy will be measured not by how much better he was than other Japanese players but by how he measures up against both all the players he played with and against during his major-league career and the best to have ever played baseball.
Of course, his record playing for the (then-) Orix Blue Wave in Japan from 1992 to 2000 won't count as part of his major-league totals. That in turn leaves us to wonder what he could have accomplished had he began his career in the United States.
Ichiro began his career with the Blue Wave at age 18 but didn't become a full-time player until age 20. During his nine years in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB), Suzuki in 951 games produced a .353/.415/.522 slash line with 1278 hits including 118 home runs, yielding 573 runs and 529 runs batted in, while stealing 199 bases. Naturally, we can't expect that to translate to major-league success. Apart from the qualitative differences between the American and Japanese major leagues, it is possible that had Ichiro been in the American system, he might have been brought along more slowly, meaning that he might not have been a starter until age 22 or older, and the stiffer competition would similarly have curtailed his production. But even if he had produced at half of what he did in NPB, he would already be at 3000 hits—and no eligible hitter with 3000 or more hits has failed to be inducted into the Hall.
Again, all of this is conjecture and shouldn't apply to Suzuki's case when, in a few years, it is time to evaluate his Hall-worthiness. But has Ichiro played long enough, and accomplished enough, to warrant a spot in Cooperstown?
Did Ichiro Dominate His Era?
So far, Suzuki has played 11 seasons and is expected to play this season. Whether he returns in 2013—at age 39—remains to be seen. It is not unheard-of for a player with that short a career to become a Hall of Famer, although said player had to have been a dominant player during the time he played in order to justify induction.
Two such players were Ralph Kiner and Sandy Koufax. Kiner was the slugging left fielder, primarily for the Pittsburgh Pirates, whose career lasted just ten years but who led the National League in home runs for the first seven of those, and who averaged just shy of 37 home runs a season over his entire career. Kiner also led the league in walks three times and had six consecutive years of 100 or more. In fact, Kiner walked 1011 times in his career against only 749 total strikeouts—a remarkable accomplishment for a power hitter.
Koufax was the left-handed power pitcher for the Dodgers, starting in Brooklyn in 1955 and moving with the team to Los Angeles in 1958, where he pitched until 1966. He struggled with his control early in his career before absolutely dominating the National League in the last five years of his twelve-year career. In that five-year span, from 1962 to 1966, Koufax led the league in earned run average for all five years, in wins and strikeouts for three years, and in WHIP (walks plus hits per innings pitched) and strikeouts per nine innings for four years. He won the Cy Young Award three times during that span—and during that time, the award was given to only one pitcher from both leagues—and the Most Valuable Player Award in one of those Cy Young years, 1963.
Both Kiner and Koufax had their careers ended prematurely by injury: Kiner had back problems while Koufax had arthritis in his pitching elbow. But while Koufax sailed into the Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility, Kiner literally scraped in by the skin of his teeth—garnering one vote over the minimum required in his last year of eligibility. Moreover, both players were power players—Kiner crushed the ball for home runs, and Koufax blew the ball by hitters. By contrast, Ichiro is the antithesis of the power style.
In fact, Ichiro Suzuki is essentially a throwback to the dead-ball era, the modern incarnation of slap-hitters like Ty Cobb and Willie Keeler—all the more conspicuous for it in our slugging era. When Ichiro debuted in 2001, it was during the height of an offensive feeding frenzy—fueled by performance-enhancing drugs—that saw Barry Bonds set the single-season record for home runs with 73. And while in 2001 PED-positive sluggers Sammy Sosa (64 HR), Alex Rodriguez (52 HR), Rafael Palmeiro (47 HR), and Manny Ramirez (41 HR) figured into that frenzy, even assumed-to-be-clean hitters like Luis Gonzalez (57 HR) and Shawn Green (49 HR) joined the fray. (Which calls the whole cheating-to-hit-home-runs issue into question, but that's for another column.)
Yet in 2001 Ichiro exploded onto the scene in his own distinctive way. He hit .350 while amassing 242 hits—the most-ever by a rookie and the tenth-most-ever since 1901—and 56 stolen bases, leading the American League in all three categories, while scoring 127 runs for a Seattle team that won an AL-record 116 games that season. But Ichiro wasn't just a star at the plate. The league's hitters and baserunners learned what an outstanding right fielder he was. He committed just one error in 344 chances, and if he notched "only" eight assists that's because the opposition learned very quickly—during his first week in the majors—not to run on that cannon of a right arm: When Oakland's Terrence Long tried to go first-to-third on a single into right field, Ichiro gunned him down at third with a laser shot, a throw that remains a fielding highlight-reel staple. In his first season in America, Ichiro not only won a Gold Glove, he was named both the American League Rookie of the Year and Most Valuable Player, an honor that only Fred Lynn, for the Boston Red Sox in 1975, has ever held.
That auspicious debut heralded a decade-long period that in each year saw Suzuki hit better than .300 with at least 200 hits—his ten consecutive years of 200 or more hits is a major-league record—while earning a Gold Glove and being named to the All-Star team in each of those years as well. He led the league in hits seven times, five of those consecutively, from 2006 to 2010. In 2004, Ichiro broke the single-season record for hits when he banged out 262, breaking George Sisler's 84-year record of 257. He has stolen at least 30 bases in ten of eleven seasons for a total of 423 in 518 chances, an 81.7 percent success rate. All this was done on a Mariners team that, starting with the 2004 season, posted a winning record only twice, with five of eight seasons seeing the Seattle franchise win fewer than seventy games.
Ralph Kiner and Sandy Koufax displayed decade-long dominance (although in actuality Koufax's was closer to a half-decade) in live-ball prowess—homeruns and strikeouts. Ichiro Suzuki has displayed decade-long dominance in dead-ball prowess—hitting singles and stealing bases. Indeed, of Ichiro's 2428 hits, only 449 are extra-base hits: 280 doubles, 74 triples, and 95 home runs, although 35 of those have been leadoff home runs, tying him with Bobby Bonds for sixth all-time. The wiry Suzuki has a home-run stroke—in Japan, he hit 118 homers in half as many at-bats—but, idiosyncratically, has steadfastly remained a singles hitter in the American major leagues, particularly in an era when the long ball is considered the hitting gold standard.
Additionally, although Suzuki has 168 career intentional walks—perhaps as much a reflection of Seattle's paltry offense as a sign of respect for his hitting proficiency—and has led the league three times in that category, he has walked unintentionally only 328 times in 8060 career plate appearances. In the current analytical environment that values getting on base and hitting with power—both OPS (on-base percentage plus slugging percentage) and OPS+ (on-base plus slugging, league- and park-adjusted) have become the yardsticks for offensive performance—Ichiro does not measure up favorably. His on-base percentage last year was a pedestrian .310, and for the first time in his career, Suzuki's OPS+ was a below league-average 84—not what you look for in a leadoff hitter. (Over the off-season, the Mariners have suggested that Suzuki might not be their leadoff hitter in 2012.)
Suzuki might bounce back, although for a 38-year-old hitter to rebound when he relies on placement and speed to hit safely might be a stretch. Last year, his batting average on balls in play (BABIP), which measures a hitter's batting average on contact, dipped below .300, to .295, for the first time in his MLB career. (The mean range for hitters is between .290 and .310.) Suzuki has always had an extraordinarily high BABIP; his career BABIP is .351. One explanation is that he just got "unlucky" last season—defenders were more likely to be in position where he hit the ball—although his slowing up due to age is also a consideration. His ground-ball rate of just under 60 percent is up from his career rate of 56.1 percent, while he grounded into 11 double plays, the most he has hit into in a single season, with a double-play opportunity rate (his batting with a runner on first and less than two outs) of 12 percent, a career high. This suggests that not only was he not able to hit the ball out of the infield as easily as he had done previously, but that he was not able to get to first base as quickly as in previous seasons. Of his 184 hits, 42 were infield hits, a 22.8 percent rate that is a little below his career mark of 23.4 percent, although he did steal 40 bases in 47 chances, his fifth-highest total in eleven seasons, while his success rate of 85.1 percent is better than his career rate of 81.7 percent.
We can continue to crunch the numbers and factor in age, but the question remains: Was Ichiro Suzuki's sub-par 2011 season an aberration or the beginning of his decline? Only his 2012 performance will tell. But regardless of how he does this season, his retirement is imminent, and thus also is the evaluation of his legacy.
2004: A Season for the Record Books
One facet of Suzuki's career that I don't think receives enough recognition—and could be a bellwether for his Hall of Fame chances—is his remarkable 2004 season, in which he not only led the AL in batting average with .372, the highest batting average in the Majors since Nomar Garciaparra and Todd Helton both hit .372 in 2000, but, more importantly, saw Suzuki get 262 hits, breaking George Sisler's 84-year-old record. Since 1920, a few hitters have come close to matching "Gorgeous George," but none have broken the record until Ichiro did it.
Actually, since Bill Terry came within three hits of tying Sisler's record in 1930, setting the National League record in the process, only three players have had as many as 240 hits in a single season: Wade Boggs and Darin Erstad each had 240 hits in 1985 and 2000, respectively, and Suzuki himself had 242 in his rookie year of 2001. Since the start of the post-integration era in 1947, only twelve players have had as many as 230 hits in a single season (Ichiro has done it three times), with Stan Musial (230 hits in 1948) the only one of those to do it before the season expanded to 162 games in 1961. Sisler got his 257 hits over the course of a 154-game schedule.
I live in Southern California, and although I am a die-hard Giants fan, I do find myself watching "enemy broadcasts"—Dodgers games—fairly often, not just when the Giants are playing them, largely because Vin Scully broadcasts them (at least the home games, anyway). As much as I shouldn't admit it, I do love Vin Scully, for reasons from which I shall spare you at this time. However, as I was watching a Dodgers game near the end of the 2004 season, as Ichiro was closing in on Sisler's record, I did hear Scully opine that should Suzuki pass Sisler, it shouldn't count as a new record because—wait for it—Suzuki would have broken the record during a 162-game season while Sisler set his record during a 154-game season.
Ah! The infamous asterisk! Shades of Roger Maris! As much as I love Vin, when I heard him say that, I began immediately to counter that argument, and you, dear reader, shall now read it thusly.
Yes, George Sisler accomplished his feat in 154 games. And Ichiro Suzuki had many more chances to reach Sisler, as this table shows:
 
