Fantasy Baseball Hitter Ichiro Suzuki
Fantasy baseball player profile - Ichiro Suzuki.
If you like to avoid the big home run hitters who strike out a lot, Ichiro Susuki is your man. Ichiro Suzuki is a sensation in the tradition of Pete Rose, slapping out singles and stealing bases to set the table for his teammates. His 262 hits in the 2004 season remains an all-time single season record. Not even Pete Rose or Ty Cobb has done better.
Ichiro Suzuki came into the major leagues at the ripe old age of 28. He had been a star player for the Orix Blue Wave in the Japanese Pacific League. The Mariners won a bidding war to sign Ichiro Suzuki among grumbles that a Japanese player would take time to adjust to MLB. That certainly wasn't the case, as Ichiro went on to win the American League batting title in 2001. He added a second batting championship in 2004.
That 2001 year was a magical one for the Mariners. They had lost superstars like Alex Rodriguez , Randy Johnson and Ken Griffey, Jr. in the seasons just prior to the 2001 season, so it was a huge surprise when they came out and a record-tying 116 games in the regular season. Ichiro Suzuki's 240+ hits were a major part of that season.
Ichiro Suzuki is in his seventh year in the "Bigs" and has been on the All-Star team every year of his Major League career. He has won a Gold Glove his six previous years in MLB and is considered one of the premier defensive outfielders in all of baseball. In that rare fantasy baseball league your position players get points for throwouts, Ichiro has one of the best arms in MLB.
Ichiro started slow in 2006, but finished with a solid .322 average. Once again, he hit well over 200 hits and had 45 stolen bases. He scored over 100 runs again. In league where hits, runs and stolen bases count a point, Ichiro tends to pile up the points. You'll get the bonus points for stolen bases every fourth game, while the runs and hits are a nightly occurrence. In fact, he already has a 25 game hitting streak in 2007.
I love players who go on long hitting streaks, because that means you are getting consistent, night-in, night-out performances from your rosters. I would fit my whole team out with guys like Ichiro Susuki and Chase Utley if I could. With Ichiro, you also don't have to worry about high strike out totals, meaning you won't have a lot of negative performances, which are a killer when you are betting on a nightly basis.
At age 33, Ichiro has another couple of prime years in him. As a player who uses his speed and quickness, he might slow down after the age of 35. But for the next couple of years, Ichiro should be a top level fantasy player.
More Fantasy Baseball Players
