Ichiro Suzuki a hit in Japan as Mariners beat A's in MLB opener
Toru Hanai / Reuters
Fans of Seattle Mariners' Ichiro Suzuki look up at his advertisement with a telecommunications company before their American League season opening MLB baseball game against the Oakland Athletics in Tokyo. March 28.
By Rich Shulman
Ok, it's not real grass and sunshine, but there is something reassuring about the start of baseball season. And yes, it's my home team.
AP reports:
TOKYO - Ichiro Suzuki gave his fans in  Japan a performance to cheer about.
 Suzuki had four hits in his return  home, Dustin Ackley homered and singled in the go-ahead run in the 11th inning,  and the Seattle Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 3-1 Wednesday night in  baseball's season opener.
 "It was very special to open in Japan,"  said Suzuki, who spent nine seasons in Osaka with the Orix Blue Wave. "I wanted  to have fun and give the fans something at this special time and wanted to share  a special moment with them."
Toshifumi Kitamura / AFP - Getty Images
Seattle Mariners outfielder Ichiro Suzuki runs in a game against the Oakland Athletics.
Koji Sasahara / AP
A helmet-wearing fan eats in the premium seats as he watches the American League season opening MLB baseball game between the Oakland Athletics and the Seattle Mariners.
Kimimasa Mayama / EPA
Oakland Athletics' shortstop Cliff Pennington (R) throws the ball to the first baseman for a double play attempt as Seattle Mariners' catcher Miguel Olivo (bottom) slides into the second base in the fifth inning of the opening game of the Major League Baseball 2012 season.
Toshifumi Kitamura / AFP - Getty Images
Seattle Mariners second baseman Dustin Ackley watches the ball after hitting a home run in the fourth inning of the MLB 2012 Opening Series in Japan.
Kimimasa Mayama / EPA
Seattle Mariners' outfielder Ichiro Suzuki (3rd L) celebrates with his teammates after dealing Oakland Athletics in the opening game against Oakland Athletics in the Major League Baseball 2012 season.
