Tweet
Ichiro Suzuki is a professional athlete in Major League Baseball . He is currently an All-Star center fielder for the Seattle Mariners .
On June 1 , 2009 , Suzuki tied a Mariners record, which he previously set, for the longest hitting streak, when he recorded a hit in his 25th consecutive game.  Suzuki will have a chance to continue the streak as the Mariners play the Baltimore Orioles on June 2 , 2009.
MLB.com: Anatomy of a Mariners record
2009 Injury
On April 3 , 2009, the Seattle Mariners announced that they placed Ichiro Suzuki on the 15-day disabled list. Suzuki suffered from a bleeding ulcer and fatigue following the World Baseball Classic . The move was retroactive from March 31 , 2009, allowing him to be eligible to come off the disabled list on April 15 , 2009.
(April 3, 2009)
Early Life
Ichiro Suzuki was born in Toyoyama, Nishikasugai, Aichi Prefecture, Japan, on October 22, 1973. He would play nine seasons of professional Japanese baseball with the Orix Blue Wave and win seven Gold Gloves, two batting titles and three-straight Most Valuable Player awards from 1994 - 1996 .
MLB Pro Career
The rights to Ichiro Suzuki were placed up for posting by the Orix Blue Wave and the Seattle Mariners won the right to negotiate a contract with the Japanese star. Ichiro's major league debut would be on April 2 , 2001, with the Seattle Mariners. He would become the first Japanese everyday player to play in Major League Baseball and in his first season he would be named the American League Rookie of the Year and the American League Most Valuable Player . In 2004, he would set the major league record for most hits in a single season, and in 2007, he would win the All-Star Game Most Valuable Player. Ichiro has established himself as one of the premier defenders as well as hitters ever to play the game. If one were to combine his Major League Baseball statistics, with his Japanese baseball statistics, his career would easily be considered among the greatest to play and has generated debate over his eventual consideration into the Baseball Hall of Fame .
In 2008 , Ichiro won his eighth straight Gold Glove award for the Mariners as an outfielder. Fellow center fielder Torii Hunter also accomplished the feat in 2008. Suzuki has captured the award every season he has played in Major League Baseball.
MLB.com: Ichiro snags eighth straight Gold Glove
(November 6, 2008)
Ichiro is widely considered one of the premier hitters in Major League Baseball. In his first season in Major league baseball he accomplished the rare feat of winning the American League Rookie of the Year as well as the American League Most Valuable player.
Eight Straight 200-hit seasons
On September 17 , 2008 , Suzuki hit a single in the eighth inning against the Kansas City Royals . That hit gave Ichiro 200 hits for the 2008 MLB Season.
It is Suzuki's eighth straight season with at least 200 hits. He accomplished the feat of 200 hits in 2008 in 151 games.
The last player to accomplish 200 hits in eight straight seasons was Wee Willie Keeler who did it in 1901.
ESPN.com: Ichiro ties Keeler's record
Unnamed Mariners Player Resentment
In 2008, during the midst of a horrible season for the Mariners, a supposed clubhouse Insider reported that some players resented Ichiro's status on the team. Reportedly, the insider stated, "I just can't believe the number of guys who really dislike him. It got to a point early on when I thought they were going to get together and go after him." The identity of the insider was not revealed. Closer J.J. Putz , defended Ichiro, saying he never recalled an incident like that and called the supposed insider "a coward." Manager Jim Riggleman also called the insider "a rat."
