By Dan Mennella [January 26, 2012 at  9:39pm CST]
A few items of note to share from the AL West ...
There's a "good chance" the Rangers will trade reliever Koji  Uehara , sources tell T.R. Sullivan of MLB.com . On Tuesday we heard that Uehara vetoed an agreed-upon trade between the Rangers and Blue Jays, so it's not too surprising to hear that Texas is still shopping the right-hander. There are a number of teams interested in Uehara, according to Sullivan, and the Rangers "like what they are hearing" in terms of potential return.
The Mariners and Ichiro  Suzuki have agreed to table extensions talks, perhaps till after the 2012 season, according to Larry Stone of the Seattle Times , meaning the 11-year veteran, who's spent his entire career to date with the M's, could enter free agency for the first time.
Athletics managing partner Lew Wolff said he would be OK with signing Manny  Ramirez , according to John Shea of the San Francisco Chronicle, although the decision is ultimately up to GM Billy Beane ( Twitter links ). Said Wolff: "I wouldn't want to not have a player because he made a mistake and paid the price for it ..."
The A's hope Adrian  Cardenas clears waivers so they can retain him, tweets Susan Slusser of the San Francisco Chronicle. Cardenas was designated for assignment earlier today.
Quick Hits: Nationals, Ichiro, Astros, Starling
By Ben Nicholson-Smith [August 17, 2011 at  9:28pm CST]
On this date ten years ago, John  Smoltz struck out four batters and picked up his first regular season save. Then, on this date in 2009, the Red Sox released Smoltz, who had an 8.33 ERA at the time. The potential Hall of Famer went on to provide seven solid starts for the Cardinals later that season and hasn't pitched in the Majors since. Here are today's links...
Nationals principal owner Mark Lerner told Adam Kilgore of the Washington Post that GM Mike Rizzo did a "fantastic job" to sign Anthony Rendon, Alex Meyer, Brian Goodwin, Matt Purke and others on Monday night. Lerner believes the Nats now have one of the best farm systems in the game.
Just because the Yankees signed Derek  Jeter to a $51MM deal last winter doesn’t mean the Mariners should extend Ichiro  Suzuki , Geoff Baker of the Seattle Times writes. Arguing that Ichiro deserves Jeter-like treatment doesn’t make sense to Baker “for reasons that start on the field and end off of it.” The Mariners outfielder is under contract for $17MM in 2012.
Jim Bowden of ESPN.com identifies five players we shouldn't give up on, including Pedro  Alvarez and Ian  Stewart .
No one at the MLB owners meetings is questioning whether Jim Crane, the incoming Astros owner, is a viable candidate to take over the team, according to Bob Nightengale of USA Today (on Twitter ).
Top Royals pick Bubba Starling said at a press conference today that his offense could still improve because he played three sports in high school and hasn't had the chance to devote himself to hitting (Associated Press link via ESPN.com ).
Contract Notes: Ortiz, Reyes, Ichiro, Ethier
By Ben Nicholson-Smith [June  8, 2011 at 12:25pm CST]
Trade candidate Jose  Reyes , 2012 free agent   David  Ortiz and 2013 free agents Ichiro Suzuki and Andre  Ethier are earning a combined $50MM this year, but it's never too early to look ahead at a player's next contract, so here's an update on the outlook for each player's future earnings...
Ortiz is going to be well-paid in 2012 if he keeps this up, according to Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports . The Red Sox DH has 14 homers and a .324/.390/.602 line this year. I looked at the market for Ortiz last week .
ESPN.com’s Buster Olney suggests  Reyes could be in position to sign for more than the $142MM Carl  Crawford obtained this offseason. Reyes leads the National League with a .339 batting average, 84 hits and 11 triples. His .387 OBP and .512 slugging percentage would be career bests.
Ichiro's agent, Tony Attanasio, told Jon Paul Morosi of FOX Sports that “nothing has been done on Ichiro’s contract beyond 2012,” when it expires. Unlike Ortiz and Reyes, Ichiro is in the midst of a disappointing season. The 37-year-old has a .260/.313/.303 line with 14 stolen bases.
Ethier has left something to be desired as the three-hole hitter in the Dodgers' lineup this year, writes Steve Dilbeck of the Los Angeles Times . Dilbeck wonders how much a team might pay Ethier considering his relative power outage -- the 29-year-old has five homers on the season.
Ichiro Hints At Prolonged Career With Mariners
By Ben Nicholson-Smith [April  1, 2011 at  8:23am CST]
Ichiro  Suzuki hinted to John Hickey of Sportspress Northwest  that he wants to re-sign with the Mariners after his current contract expires. Ichiro, whose contract expires after the 2012 season, is now 37, but he says age is more of a distraction than a limitation. 
“Take the talk of age. It’s something that I will have to battle," Ichiro said. “When you have to think about something like that, it’s not a positive for you. I mean, it’s something you don’t have to think about, but when you have people around you talking about it, you don’t want the negatives to get in.”
There were lots of positives for Ichiro in 2010. He led the league in hits, reached the 200 hit plateau for the tenth consecutive season and stole 42 bases, hitting .315/.359/.394. As Ichiro points out he can still play though, “there are players who are 25 who play already like they’re 40.”
He has 2,244 hits as a Major Leaguer, so the 3,000 hit plateau is within reach, even though he didn’t make his MLB debut until he was 27. Ichiro admits that his goals were once personal, but says they have become more team-oriented as he has become a fixture in the game and, especially, in Seattle.
“For me, it’s about going to the playoffs with the Mariners,” Ichiro said. “It’s all the time you’ve spent getting there."
Baseball Blogs Weigh In: Ichiro, Garza, Greinke, Bell
By Mike Axisa [October 22, 2010 at 12:38pm CST]
On this date two years ago, the Mariners named former Brewers vice president Jack Zduriencik as their new general manager. His defense-heavy approach resulted in a 24 win increase in his first season at the helm, though team scoring dropped by 31 runs. The Mariners won just 61 games and scored a mere 513 runs in 2010, the fewest by any team in the DH era. Unsurprisingly, there's already talk that Jack Z. is on the hot seat.
These links don't have to worry about being on the hot seat, they've made this week's edition of BBWI...
Speaking of the Mariners, Prospect Insider discusses the possibility of trading Ichiro .
DRays Bay speculates about what the Rays could get in return for Matt  Garza . 
Meanwhile, The Process Report looks ahead to Tampa's 2011 bullpen.
The Tao Of Stieb wonders if the Blue Jays should get involved in trade talks for Zack  Greinke .
Redleg Nation asks the same Greinke question for the Reds.
