Autograph Guide
Overview
Ichiro Suzuki is one of baseball's biggest international stars. After a successful start to his career in Japan, he was an instant sensation the moment he joined the Seattle Mariners in 2001. Ichiro Suzuki card values skyrocketed immediately. The combination of him and Albert Pujols sent most unopened 2001 baseball card products to the high prices they still maintain.
However, Suzuki's hobby relevance is slightly hindered by his under-performing team and lack of national exposure. Tucked away in the Pacific Northwest, the Seattle Mariners rarely get much exposure beyond the West Coast. Ichiro is one of the only current players on the team many baseball fans can readily name. That being said, Ichiro has a huge Japanese following and is one of the most consistent hitters in the history of the game. If the Mariners can ever put together a winning team that consistently competes for the postseason, Ichiro Suzuki card values could take off yet again.
Although he has been a fixture of the game for many years, there is a very limited amount of autographed Ichiro Suzuki card options. An exclusive deal with Leaf in 2011 has led to several new autographed cards and sales have yielded large returns.
With more than 3,000 career hits between Japan and the majors, the Hall of Fame seems all but certain. Ichiro has almost 50 true rookie cards across all budgets. His top cards also happen to be his only autographed rookies.
Top Ichiro Suzuki Rookie Cards
2001 SPx #150 Autographed Jersey
Ichiro's 2001 SPx Baseball rookie is arguably the top option for collectors. It is definitely the most recognizable high-end first-year Ichiro Suzuki card. The card may not have a serial number but it does feature a nice cut signature and simple jersey patch. It has a much more dynamic design than the Ultimate Collection but the lack of numbering hurts its overall appeal.
2001 Upper Deck Ultimate Collection #120 Autograph #/250
For those with the budget, some may opt for the 2011 Upper Deck Ultimate Collection Ichiro Suzuki card over his rookie from 2001 SPx. It features an on-card autograph and is limited to only 250 copies. However, the card is a little plain-looking for its high price tag and just does not carry the "wow factor" one would expect.
