Pin It
If it was anyone but Ichiro, there is no question the Mariners would be shopping him.  Seattle is 30-41 and has very little hope of being competitive in the near future.  Under most circumstances, an aging player with talent and a high potential for return whose contract expired at the end of the season would be perfect trade bait.  But this is far from normal circumstances.  This is Ichiro Suzuki .
Ichiro has hit .323/.367/.420 in his Major League career.  He has racked up 2500 hits with the Mariners.  He’s destined to be in the Hall of Fame without even considering his number from Japan.  He made ten straight All-Star teams from his rookie season to 2009.  In 2001, his rookie year, Ichiro hit the triumvirate.  He was the Rookie of the Year, an All-Star, and the American League MVP.
Is Ichiro on his way out in Seattle? What would the Mariners ask for in return? (Mark J. Rebilas-US PRESSWIRE)
Despite all this, Ichiro’s numbers have been in decline the last two years.  He’s currently hitting .264/.288/.365.  Last season, he finished the year at .272/.310/.335.  It was the first year in which he finished under .300 for batting average and  didn’t collect 200 hits.  The decline doesn’t matter in the grand scheme of the man’s career, but it matters to the current Seattle Mariners.  If Ichiro can’t help them be successful in the future, should they keep him?
Steve Kelley of the Seattle Times thinks the team could and should explore trading Ichiro.  He acknowledges that despite the career numbers, Ichiro may not be an easy trade.  Much of the deal would depend on the return value the Mariners place on the 38-year old outfielder.
Kelley pointed out that the longer Ichiro continues to play in Seattle and struggle, the longer management and the front office will feel compelled to play him while taking at-bats away from younger players who can contribute to the M’s future.  Kelley thinks it’s time the Mariners make a decision based on the team rather than what’s best for Ichiro.
It’s a hard pill to swallow in a world where players move teams constantly.  There are very few players who spend their career with one team.  Ichiro could be the last of the Hall of Fame breed to do so (Derek Jeter’s another).  However, the Mariners need to think about their future.  Will they re-sign Ichiro in the offseason.  If the answer is even a possible no, they should consider a trade.
For more on the Mariners, be sure to check out SoDo Mojo .  
