From: RMI Laser, LLC
Description: Laser Marking Systems are rapidly becoming the technology of choice for a vast majority of marking. applications. Laser Markers provide the ability to mark without the need of any consumables like ink,. chemicals, tape, etc to mark directly onto the part. In addition, lasers can mark all metals ...
Getting Big Protection with Small Technologies
Description: methods. These markers involve modifying the molecular weight of compounds by creating stable isotopes, so the compounds can be detected within an ink formulation or coating   by lab analysts who know what they re looking for.  It s extremely difficult for anybody to detect or reverse engineer ...
From: Partex Marking Systems, Inc.
Description: ink jet with high resolution. TEXT. Alphanumerical and special characters. MULTI-CHARACTER MARKING. See separate product information. TEMPERATURE RESISTANCE. PA: Shape permanence from ­30°C to +60°C. (­22°F to +140°F). PAZ: Shape permanence from ­30°C to +90°C. (­22°F to +194°F). 2009-07-07. PRODUCT ...
Medical Device Link .
Description: As with legacy bar codes, there are several ways a two-dimensional marker identification code can be applied to a product or product packaging. These include direct ink printing, printed labels, and surface marking of products. Rigorous implementation of unique device identification (UDI) for medical devices ...
Go Undercover
Description: levels data authentication at all points where people access the databaseWest has used some form of tamper-resistance on its vials for 40 years. Today, it works with security product vendors to develop new approaches using RFID and UV-active ink. West also sets up partnerships between itself ...
Rapid Microbiological Methods for a New Generation
Description: application is ink-jet printing. Microfluidics allows for the manipulation of minute amounts of liquid in miniaturized systems that are composed of a network of channels and wells that are etched onto glass or polymer chips. Pressure or voltage gradients move pico- or nanoliter volumes through ...
Wired 7.06: Fetish
Description: an end run around the problem:It can digitally enable any whiteboard by tracking the markers. Just attach Virtual Ink's mimio to the board with the device's suction cups, connect it to a PC, slip color markers into special sleeves, and scribble away. The mimio captures pen strokes with infrared ...
From: Matthews Marking Products
Description: To insure high definition product marking, L&H recently acquired a Matthews Model 2045 Indent-A-MarkTM Roll Marking machine. It's used for branding L&H's traditional fire-heated irons as well as its newer line of freeze branding irons. Save on Material, Labor and Time With Efficient Ink-Jet Coders ...
From: Lumen Dynamics Group Inc.
Description: lamps and typical photoinitiator absorption spectra] However, the broad range of wavelengths may also cause excessive heating, uncontrolled reaction rates and shrinkage. In some special cases, photon bleaching may also occur, such as in the case of ink or DVD writable organic dye. Filters may have ...
MICRO:Archives of 1997 Back Issues
Description: ; Aera adds space; Glegg grows in Guelph; Shin-Etsu, Soitec ink pact; FSI opens microlithography site; goodbye PMT, hello Trikon ISO Update: The latest 9000-series certifications Order Desk: TSMC loads in Asyst tools; Tech Semi buys Tencor AIT; Burr-Brown installs ASML stepper; Electroglas sells ...
Engineering Web Search: Ink Marker Top
