Issue 264: A Case for the DIY Electronics Fix
Issue 264: EQ Answers
Q&A: Ayse Kivilcim Coskun (Engineer, BU)
Electronics Engineering Crossword (Issue 264)
Recent Posts
Seven-Controller EtherCAT Orchestra
by C. J. Abate on June 27, 2012
When I first saw the Intel Industrial Control in Concert demonstration at Design West 2012 in San Jose, CA, I immediately thought of Kurt Vonnegut ‘s 1952 novel Player Piano. The connection, of course, is that the player piano in … Continue reading →
Issue 264: A Case for the DIY Electronics Fix
by C. J. Abate on June 25, 2012
Most of today’s expensive electronics systems are engineered to be left alone—meaning, the manufacturer doesn’t want you opening, servicing, or tweaking the products on your own. But that doesn’t mean intelligent, inquisitive engineers shouldn’t give modern electronics gadgets a good … Continue reading →
Issue 264: EQ Answers
by Circuit Cellar on June 25, 2012
The answers to the Circuit Cellar 264 (July) Engineering Quotient are now available. The problems and answers are listed below, along with a schematic. Problem 1a—Is it possible to transmit on-off (DC) signals between two pieces of equipment in both … Continue reading →
Q&A: Ayse Kivilcim Coskun (Engineer, BU)
by C. J. Abate on June 22, 2012
Ayse Kivilcim Coskun’s research on 3-D stacked systems has gained notoriety in academia, and it could change the way electrical engineers and chip manufacturers think about energy efficiency for years to come. In a recent interview, the Boston University engineering … Continue reading →
Electronics Engineering Crossword (Issue 264)
by Circuit Cellar on June 22, 2012
The answers to Circuit Cellar’s July Electronics Engineer crossword puzzle are now available. Across 3.     IONIZATION—Occurs when an atom or molecule gains either and positive or negative charge 4.     ANDROIDPHONE—In “Audio-Enhanced Touch Sensors” (Circuit Cellar, May 2012), Matt Oppenheim said … Continue reading →
CC264: Plan, Construct, and Secure
by C. J. Abate on June 21, 2012
Circuit Cellar July 2012 features innovative ideas for embedded design projects, handy design tips with real-world examples, and essential information on embedded design planning and security. A particularly interesting topic covered in this issue is the microcontroller-based home control systems … Continue reading →
HackMiami: UAV Design, Cybersecurity, & More
by C. J. Abate on June 20, 2012
Miami isn’t just a destination for the Heat vs. Thunder NBA Finals, world-renowned clubs, five-star restaurants, and professional beach lazing. It also boasts an evolving technology scene with tons of monthly events (e.g., game hackathons, app-building workshops). A notable contributor … Continue reading →
In Memoriam: Richard Alan Wotiz
by C. J. Abate on June 15, 2012
Richard Alan Wotiz—a multitalented electronics engineer, inventor, and author—provided the international embedded design community with creative projects and useful electronics engineering lessons since the early 1980s when he graduated from Princeton University. Sadly, Richard passed away unexpectedly on May 30, … Continue reading →
