Conductive Inks | Coatings
Conductive inks and coatings with expanded capabilities for printed electronics
Vor-ink™ enables new applications in the printed electronics industry through its ease of processing and exceptional conductivity. Vorbeck's unique graphene-based conductive ink, Vor-ink™, creates robust films with outstanding flexibility and crease resistance. Even in thin coatings (1 micron), Vor-ink™ maintains its rated conductivity.
Vorbeck works with customers to develop formulations to suit specific printing methods, substrates, and applications. Vor-ink™ can be used in the development of printed electronics, including smart cards and smart packaging, among other applications.
Vor-ink™ requires no sintering. With Vor-ink™, you can use standard drying/curing/fusing equipment and inexpensive, but temperature-sensitive, substrates such as paper, paperboard, and label stock – saving you both capital and operating expenses.
VOR-INK™ GRAVURE
is formulated for the specific needs of gravure printing applications. Vor-ink™ gravure provides good coverage at low film thicknesses and high printing speeds. Vor-ink™ gravure prints on a variety of substrates, including coated papers and label stock. Vor-ink™ gravure cures with normal graphic ink drying ovens. Vor-ink™ gravure's flexibility allows the development of peel-and-stick label applications, among many other uses. Ask about custom formulations for your particular needs.
VOR-INK™ SCREEN
is specifically formulated for screen printing applications. Viscosity and solids content ensure optimal coverage and exceptional conductivity on paper, paperboard, and PET films. Vor-ink™ screen provides flexibility sufficient for even in the most demanding applications. Ask about custom formulations for your particular needs.
VOR-INK™ FLEXO
is formulated for flexographic printing applications. Vor-ink™ enables rapid drying and high line speeds, lowering costs by increasing throughput. Ask about custom formulations for your particular needs.
 
