By Mary Bellis
During the 1950s, researchers at the Stanford Research Institute invented "ERMA", the Electronic Recording Method of Accounting computer   processing system. ERMA began as a project for the Bank of America in an   effort to computerize the banking industry. ERMA computerized the manual   processing of checks and account management and automatically updated and   posted checking accounts. Stanford Research Institute also   invented MICR (magnetic ink character recognition) as part of ERMA. MICR   allowed computers to read special numbers at the bottom of checks that allowed   computerized tracking and accounting of check transactions. 
ERMA was first demonstrated to the public in   1955 (September), and first tested on real banking accounts in the fall of   1956. Production models (ERMA Mark II) of the ERMA computer were built by General Electric.   Thirty-two units were delivered to the Bank of America in 1959 for full-time   use as the bank's accounting computer and check handling system. ERMA computers were used   into the 1970s.
According to Stanford Research Institute's website :
The forty-year-old project [ERMA], provided     a vision of what business could expect from the application of     data-processing machines, and illustrates how and why some of the key     capabilities were invented, including bookkeeping, checks with pre-printed     account numbers, optical character recognition (OCR or scanning), and     robotic document sorting (ten checks per second). The automated teller     machine ( ATM ) is the natural descendant of this     work, and illustrates the progression away from paper checks toward all     electronic banking.
ERMA Mark II was designed around     solid-state logic elements (i.e. transistors )     and magnetic     core memory . Numeric data input was read automatically from the original     documents using the MICR method. SRI contributed to General Electric's     development effort with consultation on character reading and paper-handling     techniques and assistance with the detailed programming of the operational     steps to be followed by the new equipment.
The Stanford Research Institute researchers   behind ERMA and/or MICR were: Jerre Noe, Byron Bennett, C. Bruce Clark, Bonnar "Bart" Cox, Jack Goldberg, Fred Kamphoefner, Philip E. Merritt and   Oliver W. Whitby, and others.
Photo provided by Marty Mallonee of 
SRI International
