Solar cell
The ink, composed of silver nanoparticles, can be used in electronic and optoelectronic applications to create flexible, stretchable and spanning microelectrodes that carry signals from one circuit element to another. The printed microelectrodes can withstand repeated bending and stretching with minimal change in their electrical properties.
In a paper to be published Feb. 12, by Science Express, the online version of the journal Science, Jennifer Lewis, the Thurnauer Professor of Materials Science and Engineering and director of the university's Frederick Seitz Materials Research Laboratory, and her collaborators demonstrate patterned silver microelectrodes by omnidirectional printing of concentrated nanoparticle inks with minimum widths of about 2 microns on semiconductor, plastic and glass substrates.
"Unlike inkjet or screen printing, our approach enables the microelectrodes to be printed out-of-plane, allowing them to directly cross pre-existing patterned features through the formation of spanning arches," Lewis said. "Typically, insulating layers or bypass electrode arrays are required in conventional layouts."
To produce printed features, the researchers first prepare a highly concentrated silver nanoparticle ink. The ink is then extruded through a tapered cylindrical nozzle attached to a three-axis micropositioning stage, which is controlled by computer-aided design software.
When printed, the silver nanoparticles are not yet bonded together. The bonding process occurs when the printed structure is heated to 150 degrees Celsius or higher. During thermal annealing, the nanoparticles fuse into an interconnected structure. Because of the modest processing temperatures required, the printed features are compatible with flexible, organic substrates.
To demonstrate the versatility of the printing process, the researchers patterned both planar and out-of-plane silver microelectrodes; produced spanning interconnects for solar microcell and light-emitting-diode arrays; and bonded silver wires to fragile, three-dimensional devices.
"Unlike conventional techniques, our approach allows fine silver wires to be bonded to delicate devices using minimal contact pressure," said postdoctoral researcher Bok Yeop Ahn, the lead author of the paper.
"Our approach is capable of creating highly integrated systems from diverse classes of electronic materials on a broad range of substrates," said graduate student Eric Duoss, a co-author of the paper. "Omnidirectional printing overcomes some of the design constraints that have limited the potential of printed electronics.
In addition to Lewis, Ahn and Duoss, the paper's co-authors include chemistry professor Ralph Nuzzo and materials science and engineering professor John Rogers, as well as members of their research groups.
The work was funded by the U.S. Department of Energy.
Share this story on Facebook, Twitter, and Google:
Other social bookmarking and sharing tools:
|
The above story is reprinted from materials provided by University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
Note: Materials may be edited for content and length. For further information, please contact the source cited above.
Need to cite this story in your essay, paper, or report? Use one of the following formats:
APA
MLA
Note: If no author is given, the source is cited instead.
Disclaimer: Views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect those of ScienceDaily or its staff.
Flexible silver microelectrodes printing on a polyimide substrate. (Credit: Photo courtesy Jennifer Lewis)
Related Stories
Copper-Nickel Nanowires Could Be Perfect Fit for Printable Electronics (May 29, 2012) — Chemists have mixed some nickel into their recipe for low-cost copper nanowires to prevent them from turning green like old pennies. The flexible, electrically conductive nanowires conduct ...  >  read more
Particle-Free Silver Ink Prints Small, High-Performance Electronics (Jan. 13, 2012) — Materials scientists have developed a new reactive silver ink for printing high-performance electronics on ubiquitous, low-cost materials such as flexible plastic, paper or fabric substrates. The ...  >  read more
Gold and Silver Nano Baubles (Dec. 3, 2010) — They might just be the smallest Christmas tree decorations ever. Tiny spherical particles of gold and silver that are more than 100 million times smaller than the gold and silver baubles used to ...  >  read more
Gold Nanoparticles Create Visible-Light Catalysis in Nanowires (June 15, 2010) — Scientists have created visible-light catalysis, using silver chloride nanowires decorated with gold nanoparticles, that may decompose organic molecules in polluted ...  >  read more
Researchers Make New Electronics -- With A Twist (Nov. 19, 2008) — Scientists have made electronics that can bend. They've made electronics that can stretch. And now, they've reached the ultimate goal -- electronics that can be subjected to any complex deformation, ...  >  read more
Number of stories in archives: 120,298
Find with keyword(s):
Enter a keyword or phrase to search ScienceDaily's archives for related news topics,
the latest news stories, reference articles, science videos, images, and books.
 
