All anesthesia documentation can be automated: pre-operative assessments, intraoperative record, post-operative assessment, quality reports, consent forms, labor & delivery record, medication reconciliation form.
Portability allows Shareable Ink Anesthesia Record to easily be used in any anesthetizing location.
Alerts for documentation errors are displayed to the provider upon completion of the form – on screen, via email, text message or page.
Workflow management is embedded, routing pertinent information in real-time to other key stakeholders in the anesthesia record, such as pharmacy, quality management, materials management and billing.
Inbound and outbound  integration with existing hospital IT systems.
When combined with Shareable Ink Analytics , detailed information related to quality, efficiency and compliance is instantly accessible.
Productivity is maintained by using the most natural, least disruptive form of data input – pen and paper.
Charges reach the billing department electronically the day of the case, significantly reducing days between charge capture and claim submission.
There are fewer interruptions to the provider days later to complete missing information thanks to the automated alerts at the time of the case.
Valuable insight into the group’s operations from a clinical, quality, and efficiency standpoint is available – across regions, hospitals, and providers.
Groups servicing more than one facility can gather standardized data across disparate environments.
Shareable Ink’s zero footprint software that physicians already know how to use results in an implementation that takes days of IT time compared to months associated with a typical healthcare IT project.
The same electronic data output of a traditional EMR is available at a fraction of the cost.
Quality management has automatic access to key data, such as SCIP measures, on 100% of charts.
The anesthesia record is immediately available in the hospital’s EHR and no manual scanning of the record is required.
There is no disruption to patients, surgeons, or anesthesiologists before, during, or after implementation.
Contact Us
For a Live Demo
Using this powerful tool, we are able to collect all the data to run efficient departments and prove our value to our hospital customers.”
Brian Woods, M.D.,
Chief Medical Officer, NorthStar Anesthesia
Product Information
