Read our Privacy Policy
Toner Cartridges
Toner cartridges are the printer consumables that contain the toner, powdery substance, used to print on paper.  Toner cartridges are also     commonly referred to as printer toner cartridges and printer toner cartridges.  Toner is a powder that is fused to paper to produce the printed     output.  Two of the main benefits of toner versus ink are that toner does not bleed when wet and the cost per page for toner is significantly     less than ink.  HP is the most popular brand in the printer industry followed closely by Xerox, Dell, Okidata, Konica-Minolta, Samsung,      Brother and Lexmark.
HP Toner Cartridges
Hewlett-Packard (HP) is the worlds largest manufacturer of desktop printers and printer consumables.  HP Laserjet printers are some of      the most recognized models in the industry.  Laserjet printers are available in numerous configurations (monochrome and color, low volume and      high volume, etc.) to meet the needs of any buyer. HP is the leader in the industry because of their innovative technology and the reliability      of their printers. 247inktoner.com carries a full line of HP toner in both compatible and      genuine OEM versions.  Compatible HP cartridges can save you up to 60% when compared to the equivalent OEM cartridge.
Dell Toner Cartridges
Dell is relatively new to the printing industry but has made significant progress in the short time they have been selling printers.  Dell began      selling printers in 2003 and typically contracts a printer manufacturer like Lexmark to manufacture the printers to Dell specifications.  Dell offers      printers for the home and the small business, ranging from color inkjet printers to multi-function color laser printers.  247inktoner.com carries a      full line of Dell toner and ink in both premium compatible and genuine OEM versions.
Samsung Toner Cartridges
Samsung is a highly diverse company that produces electronics and chips for virtually every consumer product line.  Samsung is a well known brand in     many other consumer products, but has ownly recently gained traction in the printer market.  The popularity of Samsung printers     has been growing due to the durability of the printer, quality of output and affordability of the toner.  We offer both     genuine brand and compatible Samsung toner for virtually all their models.
Konica-Minolta Toner Cartridges
Originally Konica and Minolta were separate companies both focusing on photographic and printing technology.  As the industries matured, Konica and     Minolta merged in 2003 to become Konica-Minolta.  Minolta QMS was a separate company from Minolta that developed printing technology.  In 2000, Minolta-QMS     merged with Minolta.  Minolta-QMS developed the technology that is now prevalent in the Konica-Minolta magicolor line of printers. Konica-Minolta toner cartridges are available in both genuine and compatible versions.
Xerox Toner Cartridges
Xerox is a well known copier brand, but also produces consumer and professional monochrome and color printers.  Xerox has 3 model lines of laser     printers: Phaser, Docuprint (discountinued) and Workcentre.  The Phaser line of laser toner printers are available in a variety of configurations      for small office and high-volume color printing offices.  The Workcentre line of printers are similar to the Phaser printers, but incorporate      copy, fax and scanning capabilities in addition to printing. 247inktoner.com carries Xerox toner for current production printers in addition to      discontinued printers.  Significant savings can be obtained by purchasing our premium compatible cartridges.
Ink Cartridges
Ink cartridges are used in inkjet printers and not laser printers.  Ink cartridges contain liquid ink while laser printers utilize a powder.  Depending on the brand and model of     printer, one or more ink cartridges are used.  In addition, many printers now have special "photo ink cartridges".  Photo ink cartridges are specially formulated ink to print photographs      on the manufacturers specially formulated photo paper.  The combination of special ink plus special paper produces high quality photographic prints that last much longer and does not     fade when compared to prints with standard ink on normal photo paper.
HP Ink Cartridges | HP Inkjet Cartridges
HP inkjet printers dominate the consumer market.  There are 3 levels of ink printers depending on your daily needs. The Photosmart series of printers are designed for photo quality     prints and everyday documents.  Whereas the Officejet series printers are designed for home offices that need color documents, but not necessarily photo quality.  Lastly,     the Deskjet series of printers is ideal for everyday printing and simple photo printing.  Some of the more popular HP ink cartridges are: HP 88 Black ink, HP 74 ink and HP 21 ink.
Solid Ink Sticks
Solid ink sticks are a unique technology that was originally developed by Tektronix in 1986.  Xerox recognized the advanced technology of the Tektronix solid ink sticks and acquired      the Tektronix printing division in 2000.  Initially, Xerox maintained the Tektronix ink sticks brand, however over time they phased it out and merged it into their own brand.       Ink sticks are solid blocks of ink (like wax) that are melted onto the paper.  The technology has numerous advantages over both traditional liquid ink and toner.  Solid ink produces      very little waste and therefore is environmentally friendly.  There is also no plastic cartridge, like toner cartridges or ink cartridges, that remains after it is used.  In addition,      ink sticks produce much more vibrant colors when compared to liquid ink and toner.
Xerox Ink Sticks
Both compatible and genuine OEM Xerox ink sticks are available for purchase.  Compatible ink sticks are equivalent in print quality and page yield as the comparable OEM product but     at a significantly reduced cost.  Certain Xerox Phaser printers utilize the Xerox solid ink sticks.  The solid ink based Phaser printers come with a variety of features, from just printing     to print, scan and fax.  247inktoner.com carries a full line of Xerox ink .
Have you "Liked Us" on Facebook?
Our Facebook friends get:
1. Special promotions and discounts
2. Contests with cool prizes
Get Started Now
by clicking the "Like" button to the right!
Even if you don't "Like" us, we will still like you.
Don't have Facebook?  Subscribe to our free email list instead.
Subscribing to our email list is safe.  We never rent, sell or lease your email address. You will receive approximately one shameless                      email plug a month from us with a special promotion, offer or discount.  You can easily unsubscribe at anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email.
Email Address:
