First color E Ink e-book reader set for a 2011 launch
Nov  8, 2010 10:12 AM
Hanvon color E Ink reader
The first e-book reader to add color to an E Ink screen looks on track to hit the market in 2011. That's the upshot of a New York Times report today , which states that manufacturer Hanvon will begin selling a 9.7-inch color E Ink reader in China in March, with a rollout to other countries possible later in the year.
Barring an unexpected late entry, Hanvon's timing, in line with what the company told me at the Consumer Electronics Show in January, would make the Chinese manufacturer the first to market a reader with a color screen that uses energy-frugal E Ink technology.
Current dedicated e-book readers with color screens, including the upcoming Nook Color, have LCD screens, which offer shorter battery life and less crisp type than the best E Ink or e-paper devices. Multipurpose tablets that include e-reading capability, such as the Apple iPad, also have LCD screens. A number of other technologies promise to bring color to e-reading, including those that use reflective screens that attempt to deliver brightness without quickly draining batteries.
The jury's out on how well color E Ink wil actually perform. On the prototype of the Skiff, a now-defunct color E Ink device I previewed at CES, colors were more muted than on LCD screens. Also, the addition of color creates an expectation of multimedia content, and it's unclear that E Ink can be successfully retooled to display video content, which requires a faster refresh rate than the technology has yet been able to deliver.
There's also the issue of price. The Hanvon device will sell in China for the equivalent of $440, according to the Times report. That's only about $60 less than the minimum price for a WiFi-connected iPad, which also has a 9.7-inch screen and boasts greater versatility than the Hanvon.  The Kindle DX, Amazon's 9.7-inch (black-and-white) e-book reader, now costs $380.
I hope to see the Hanvon model and other color e-book readers at the 2011 Consumer Electronics Show, which opens on January 6. Meanwhile, we expect to get the Nook Color into our labs very shortly.
—Paul Reynolds
