Wima was foundation 1948. Wima field of activities are:
Manufacture
Sale of plastic film capacitors
Metallized paper capacitors.
Wima main line of products are:
SMD capacitors
Metallized polyester SMDs in size codes 1812-6560 and metallized paper SMD capacitors for RFI applications.
PCM 2.5 capacitors
WIMA PCM 2.5 mm capacitors are available in metallized polyester version with capacitances up to 1.0µF.
PCM 5 capacitors
With capacitances up to 10µF and voltage ranges up to 1000 VDC the WIMA capacitors in PCM 5 mm covers a wide field of applications.
Stringent requirements
Polypropylene, polyester and mixed dielectric capacitors up to 100µF with voltage ranges up to 2000 VDC
Pulse capacitors
Designed for extremely high pulse loads this reliable, self-healing WIMA capacitors are available with voltage ranges up to 6000 VDC.
Snubber capacitors
WIMA polypropylene snubber capacitors are developed to meet the demands of high-power converter technology and are available in manifold connecting configurations.
GTO capacitors
WIMA polypropylene GTO capacitors are especially designed to attenuate voltage spikes on GTO-Thyristors and IGBT.
RFI capacitors
WIMA metallized paper capacitors are neither actively nor passively flammable and protect your mains input from becoming a fire hazard.
 
  Winbond
Winbond Electronics Corporation was established in 1987 in the Hsinchu Science-based Industrial Park, Taiwan. After sixteen years of growth and accumulation of bountiful assets in products and technologies, there is a systematic and series of overall planning and operation for everything starting from our own product design, production, marketing and system development. Winbond is known for developing products under its own brand name and strives to aim at a broad range of product lines to meet the demands of the development of the information industry and satisfy the customers' needs. Winbond is the largest brand name integrate circuit supplier in Taiwan IC industry in search of excellence in process technology, worldwide marketing networks and wafer processing.
 
  Winchester System
Winchester Systems, Inc. has a rich history of designing and marketing sophisticated enterprise storage systems for industry segments, where speed, reliability and proven technology are expected. When RAID technology hit the scene in the 1980s, Winchester Systems introduced one of the first RAID storage systems for the DEC VAX.
 
  Winchester System
Winchester Systems, Inc. has a rich history of designing and marketing sophisticated enterprise storage systems for industry segments, where speed, reliability and proven technology are expected. When RAID technology hit the scene in the 1980s, Winchester Systems introduced one of the first RAID storage systems for the DEC VAX.
 
  WPI
WPI is a world class connector and cable assemblies supplier that meets your needs for a single-source supplier for virtually every type of interconnection/cable assembly product, while providing proven highest quality, timely service and reasonable prices.
 
  Wire-Wrap
Wire-Wrap® tools and equipment are used throughout the television, computer, telecommunications, and numerical control industries for high density interconnections worldwide. The line includes corded electric, battery powered, air powered, manual wrapping and unwrapping tools, and bits and sleeves for virtually limitless applications.
 
  Wiss
Wiss® tools and equipment are used throughout the television, computer, telecommunications, and numerical control industries for high density interconnections worldwide. The line includes corded electric, battery powered, air powered, manual wrapping and unwrapping tools, and bits and sleeves for virtually limitless applications.
