Written by: Alan Parekh at 1:29 pm.    Filed under Cool Gadgets
Who knew so much technology could be packed into a watch ! Although in 10 years this will probably be the norm.
“Ultra high contrast: The display is made up of pure black and pure white particles which allow the same contrast as on a printed page; twice the contrast, in fact, of a LCD panel.
Ultra thin: The display is much thinner than is possible with any conventional watch technology, analog or digital. The display is also flexible, so ‘wrist bracelet’ or bangle designs are possible.
Low power consumption: The display is readable under very low light conditions, so no backlighting is required. The display also has an inherently stable ‘memory effect’ that requires no power to retain and sustain the image. For these reasons, battery life is extended.
Unrestricted size: Because of its flexibility and other properties, the display can be of virtually any size and shape. In this design, the display area covers over two thirds of the total surface area of the watch.
Technology of ‘Electronic Ink’ by E Ink Corporation
Electronic ink is a proprietary material that is processed into a film for integration into electronic displays. Although revolutionary in concept, electronic ink is a straightforward fusion of chemistry, physics and electronics to create this new material. The principal components of electronic ink are millions of tiny microcapsules, about the diameter of a human hair. Each microcapsule contains positively charged white particles and negatively charged black particles suspended in a clear fluid. When a negative electric field is applied, the white particles move to the top of the microcapsule where they become visible to the user. This makes the surface appear white at that spot. At the same time, an opposite electric field pulls the black particles to the bottom of the microcapsules where they are hidden. By reversing this process, the black particles appear at the top of the capsule, which now makes the surface appear dark at that spot.”
