(movie will open in a separate window)
Choose your format:
Quicktime
Realmedia
If computer screens were as lightweight and flexible as a sheet of paper, your   newspaper could update you every hour and still be portable. As this ScienCentral   News video reports, some nanotechnologists say that soon everyone could be   reading off electronic paper.
Electrifying Reading
One of nanotechnology's visions is a newspaper that updates itself constantly,   and fits in your pocket. Electronic paper would offer all the pluses of old-fashioned   newsprint: excellent resolution, high contrast that can be read in strong   or dim light, no need for external power to maintain an image. It would be   light and flexible enough to carry easily on your morning commute. But unlike   newsprint, electronic paper would spare trees and wouldn't leave any   messy newsprint on your fingers.
Such a dream will require computer screens as thin and supple as paper. Now E Ink, a company in Cambridge,   Massachusetts, has announced a big step forward: an   ultra-slim computer display that bends and rolls up into a narrow tube,   about one inch in diameter.
The flexible display is a prototype of E Ink's ultimate goal, what the   company calls "RadioPaper™." Chemist Michael   McCreary , vice president for research and advanced development, believes   that RadioPaper™, or digital paper as it's also called, is going   "to revolutionize the publishing industry," because it's   so easily updated.
A key component of RadioPaper™ is electronic   ink , invented by one of E Ink's cofounders, physicist Joseph   Jacobson , and his research team at the Massachusetts   Institute of Technology's Media Lab . This ink can be controlled   electronically, stays as sharp as regular ink, and doesn't require extra   power to retain text or images. Electronic ink consists of tiny capsules full   of minute particles of black and white pigment that is sensitive to electrical   charges. With a negative charge, white particles move to a capsule's   surface; with a positive charge, black particles move up, to form words and   pictures. With no charge, the pigment stays in place, so that text or graphics   remain unchanged.
E Ink's first commercial product was electronic signs for use in stores   and other public places. E Ink's signs used electronic ink to change   their messages every few seconds via wireless connections, eliminating   the need to constantly paste up new printed notices.
The company's most recent research has been   to "write" with electronic ink on a high-resolution flexible computer   screen. E Ink's new research prototype is little larger than a business   card, and no thicker than three sheets of paper. It can be rolled up into   a cylinder without distorting words or pictures. The secret of its slimness   and flexibility is very thin stainless steel foil. Traditional computer screens   are backed by inflexible glass covered with silicon transistors. Plastic can   be flexible, but may melt in the high temperatures required to fabricate transistors.   McCreary's team discovered that unlike plastic, thin metal foil could   withstand heat while remaining flexible.
"One of the advantages of RadioPaper™ as we envision it,"   McCreary explains, "is that you could download many kinds of information   onto it, wirelessly or through an Internet connection." He foresees   pocket-sized electronic books that tell a different tale every week, smart   cards that let you know your credit balance or your train fare, and even wearable   computer clothing.
Early next year, E Ink displays will be used to make electronic   books , a new way to read changing content on a display that looks very   similar to paper. The researchers' next steps toward electronic newspapers   including making the display thin enough to be folded, improving the ink's   switching speed, and adding color.
McCreary et al's research was published in Nature ,   May 8, 2003, and is funded by E Ink.
 
