Insights
Electronic Ink is an international business system Design consultancy dedicated to improving the way people interact with technology, environments and one another.
With a global interdisciplinary team of researchers, designers, and technologists, Electronic Ink is retained by some of the best-known organizations in the world to solve their most challenging and complex issues. Using a unique process that combines research and design, we create systems, software, and experiences that balance business objectives with human contexts. In collaboration with our clients, we join analytical and creative thought to produce innovative solutions and transformative results.
Electronic Ink’s employees are a diverse group of intellectuals from various design fields, psychology, anthropology, and technology. We are thoughtful, creative leaders who are continually pushing the limits of our client’s expectations and our expectations for ourselves. The people at Electronic Ink constitute the value and competitive edge of the company. We are looking for candidates that can contribute to the innovative spirit of the company and are interested in changing the way business systems function.
Specialties
Design,  Research,  Business Strategy,  Wireframes,  Product Maps,  Workflow Analysis,  Content Consulting,  Data Visualization,  Vendor Analysis,  Business Systems Analysis,  Usability Testing,  Software,  Extranets & Intranets,  Product Analysis,  Mobile,  Portals,  Applications
Company Updates
Electronic Ink How are Electronic Health Records (EHRs) really being used? We hear complaints from doctors on a daily, almost hourly basis, that EHRs are slowing them down and reducing the quality of patient care. Our Client Strategist, Paul Roemer, ponders the evolution of the EHR and takes a look inside a major hospital. You won’t believe what he found... http://www.electronicink.com/a-better-system/cows-wows-and-flashlights/
Timing is everything. In the case of EHR, Apple's timing for bringing the iPad to market was three to five years too late. That is why hospitals...
3 days ago
Electronic Ink We were covered by Core77 on journalist Dave Seliger's Road Trip of Design, Route 77. Check it out here! http://www.core77.com/blog/articles/route_77_travelogue_part_1_digital_storytellers_22679.asp
Core77 core77.com
Keep up-to-date with all of the adventures on Route 77 by following @DaveSeliger on Twitter! After surviving the torrential downpour in New England and picking up my first passenger, Nana Asiedu, we headed down to Philadelphia,...
4 days ago
