1 of 1 people found this helpful
Pros
1. Blue-chip client list (the who's who of the technology, government, manufacturing and financial services industries). Want to see the inside of America's most influential companies? You will, here.
2. Brilliant colleagues who will constantly amaze you with their ideas and delivery.
3. Cool office in great location in downtown Philadelphia.
4. Great environment to learn the ropes for junior or less experienced people. The epitome of trial-by-fire and learn-by-doing.
5. Lots of interesting and high-impact projects to put on your resume. Your portfolio will be brilliant.
6. The quality of output is every bit as good as the best design firms in NYC, LA, Chicago or London, and sometimes, you'll even get the chance to school those firms on how things should be done.
Cons
1. You *will* burn out (long hours, high work loads, and on-the-road-agains). Make sure you take time for yourself if you decide to join. They only offer two weeks' vacation, so insist on flex time and days-in-lieu for the weekends and evenings you'll work.  Get it fastened down up-front in your negotiations.
2. High turnover. Make sure you're ready to pick up where someone else on your team left off when they depart.  If you decide to depart later, make sure you leave things intact for whoever picks up.
3. Relations between management and employees are sometimes raw, especially over recent departures. Check your employment agreement before you join, and don't sign anything too restrictive. (E.g. if you're an at-will employee, don't sign something that bars you from working for an extended period. Remember, contracts are negotiable - decline to sign if something seems unreasonable, it will save you a lot of misery later).
4. Lots and lots of policy/procedure for such a small company (and a design firm). Be prepared for lots of micromanagement about working on-site, when you may or may not use your iPhone, etc. (even if you've worked in the field for a decade or more and have mastered these things). I know that I often wondered why a company that trusted me to solve big problems for major clients didn't trust its employees to understand "the little things" in such a way.
Advice to Senior Management
You've hired some of the best people in the business... trust them to do the work well.  (Trust them, and they'll return that trust).  Scale back procedures, policies and "sizzle" and let the work speak for itself.  Focus more on work/life balance so that your best people don't burn out and leave.  Talk more about the projects you've worked on recently with new recruits to excite and engage them.  Consider some of what your competitors are doing vis-a-vis flex time and building a flexible culture.  Address the turnover issue with real improvements to work environment and policy, rather than threats and legalese.
Helpful Review?  
