Learn more about Digi-Key
Digi-Key Corporation got its start in 1972 when Dr. Ron Stordahl, a young electrical engineer working toward his doctoral degree, had the idea to package electronic parts in small quantities and market them to fellow electronics enthusiasts. With a modest inventory, Stordahl's marketing plan comprised advertising Digi-Key's one-page, typewritten and mimeographed "catalog" in publications geared toward hobbyists. A simple business principle was the foundation of his fledgling business – to provide customers the best possible service.
Today, Digi-Key is one of the fastest growing distributors of electronic components in the world. We continue to operate on the premise of providing our customers – you – with superior service, focusing on the key areas of product selection, product availability, on-time delivery, and responsiveness.
Digi-Key is an authorized distributor for more than 440 of the world's most trusted brands. We serve a broad range of customers from nearly every area of industry and commerce, including the automotive, communications, energy/renewable energy, industrial, medical equipment, transportation, military/aerospace, and research and development industries.
Whether you are looking for semiconductors, electromechanical parts, interconnects, passives, test and measurement products, sensors, lighting solutions, or the latest in wireless components, our aim is to have the products you need when you need them. With more than 450,000 products in stock, we ship more than 99 percent of the orders entered prior to 8 pm CT the same day.
While there are several elements that make Digi-Key unique and differentiate us from our competitors, two main factors set us apart. First, we are one of only a handful of electronic parts suppliers to focus exclusively on electronic components and the needs of design engineers and purchasing agents. Secondly, we have leveraged communications technology and worldwide logistics to successfully conduct all of our order fulfillment operations from a single facility.
At our robust 600,000 square-foot facility in Thief River Falls, Minnesota, more than 2,000 Digi-Key employees serve customers in more than 170 countries. With one of the industry's broadest product offerings of electronic parts and accessories, we have the ability to deliver these products quickly. Best of all, we continue to value each and every customer, holding fast and remaining true to our decades-long commitment to provide our customers with the best possible service.
Copyright © 1995-2012, Digi-Key Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
701 Brooks Avenue South, Thief River Falls, MN 56701 USA | Phone: 1-800-344-4539 or 218-681-6674 | Fax: 218-681-3380 | webmaster@digikey.com
