Brand new 3 Foot RF 8.2 package checklist
Refurbished RF package - 3 Foot door, 1 Register, Hard tags
* Dual Antenna Checkpoint 3 Foot Detection System
* 1 Chrome Magnetic Detacher
3 Foot 8.2 stickers only package checklist
RF package - 3 Foot door, 1 Register, Paper tags
* Dual Antenna Checkpoint Liberty Detection System
* 1 Checkpoint CPIV Deactivator
* 4,000 BC-CP410 Paper Tags - Checkpoint Labels
AM Maximum Security package checklist
Refurnished Sensormatic AM package - 3 Foot door, 1 Register, Stickers and Hard tags
* Single Antenna Digital ProMax Detection System
* Power Pad Pro Deactivator
* SuperTags
* UltraMax Labels
HarryGSecurity.com info on Sensormatic and Checkpoint retail security loss prevention   systems and Security Tags as well as knogo tag info has been provided by our staff and is not produced by the   manufacturer.  We are proud to be one of the worlds leading refurbished Checkpoint equipment and refurbished Sensormatic equipment retail security dealers. HarryGs.com reserves the   right to sell the tag remover for a retail security detection eas tag for knogo Sensormatic Checkpoint Systems, and HarryG   Security detachers, to anti theft security tags loss prevention users only.  The tag remover for hard tag sensor ink or   supertag is included in this category.  Retail detacher sales for electronic article surveillance tags independent of security   tags are welcome if they are for proper and legal use.  Do not attempt to purchase electronic article surveillance equipment   for unintended or unlawful uses.  Security tag detachers, may only be shipped to a retail store.  Harryg Security welcomes the use of Paypal on every retail security tag order. Track UPS   package(s) or call us for retail security tag and used sensormatic tags shipments info.  Overnight retail security   shipments are guaranteed to ship with in 3 business days.  Call us for security tag shipping time frame.
Checkpoint S10 Evolve systems are becoming wildly popular.  The S10 is the only RF door frame mountable security system being mass marketed in the US.  This revolutionary system represents a major step forward in radio frequency technology available to retail stores.  Much of the advancements used in the S10 are derived from military projects.  The S10 works well with all EP labels and will even pick up a standard 410 or 710 Checkpoint label.  The S10 is far more than checkpoints answer to the Sensormatic Doormax.  The S10 is the next level of Electronic Article Surveillance loss prevention.
Retail security tags - used retail store loss prevention sensormatic hard tag
Proper use of a deactivator is important in the case of both Sensormatic and Checkpoint EAS systems.  Shoplifting related   inventory shrinkage super tag surveillance equipment systems and anti theft shoplifting checkpoint security systems are   stocked to the best of our ability.  Used EAS tag systems are not always available on the secondary market.  The ink pin   security tags are pins and do not include magnetic backers or Sensormatic hard tags for sensor tag retail security systems.    Branded Checkpoint and Knogo RF tags and Sensormatic AM tags sold by Harryg Security are refurbished or used with a Harryg   money back warranty.  Hard Electronic Article Surveillance tags are extremely durable and should last for decades. Retail security loss prevention security tag buyers are often unable to obtain the supply of used  sensormatic security supertag sensortags or checkpoint inventory shrinkage super lock tags they desire.  HarryG Security is   committed to stocking the items we display in our catalog.  Our inventory is constantly changing as we are continually purchasing used security tags and retail security equipment from stores that are closing, moving or upgrading their loss prevention technology.
Pictures of Checkpoint, Knogo, and Sensormatic retail security tags are available at SecurityTags.biz. Security tags . biz is a picture gallery and informational EAS website   focusing primarily on Sensormatic and Checkpoint Systems.  We display images of many tags and other electronic article   surveillance equipment at security tags .biz.  If you are looking for a used sensormatic tag or refurbished checkpoint tag you   can not find at HarryG Security .com we suggest you link below to security tags .biz and look around.  After you find the   security tag or other Electronic article surveillance equipment piece you are looking for, give us a call at 1-866-Hard-Tag.    Different Sensormatic, Checkpoint, and Knogo security tags are added all the time.  Check out our RSS feed    while you shop.  EAS system problems can be resolved by calling 718-616-0234.
Retail Security Tips for Loss Prevention
Speak to the cashiers in your store as often as possible.  Consistent communication often makes changes in behavior   obvious.
Certain items are rarely shoplifted (large boxes etc).  Inventory procedures can identify these low risk items in   your store.  Placing low risk items in store blind spots can reduce shoplifting.
Store your extra Sensormatic or Checkpoint detacher in a locked drawer.
Add ink pins to your current security tags ( Sensormatic or Checkpoint ) for benefit denial.  Shoplifters are   statistically less likely to shoplift from stores that employ ink tags.
Make retail security or loss prevention a managerial topic of discussion at least once a month.  Once a week is   better, but if you talk to your key staff about retail security on any set schedule loss prevention will at least be   guaranteed not to slip through the cracks.
Sensormatic and Checkpoint Systems equipment is usually not compatible.  Know your equipment and the technology it   employees.  Sensormatic is primarily Acousto Magnetic.  Checkpoint Systems is primarily Radio Frequency.
Sensormatic has added one thing to their security systems that has placed them far in front of the competition.  They have   been embedding security chips in their hard tag supertag hand detachers.  What this really means is that anyone attempting to   smuggle in a hand detacher will set of the alarm when the chip passes through the antennas.  This winter look for EAS companies   to chase this loss prevention trend.  Sensormatic offers several different detachers for their hard tags:  AMD 3050 (MK225),   and MK200-1 Power Detachers; AMD 3050 (MK395), and MK125 Hand Held Detachers.
Retail loss prevention security tag system
How a retail loss prevention system works and the security tag components you will need.
An EAS or Electronic Article Surveillance system consists of three key components. The first component is the detection system   (1). The detection system (1) is the equipment located at a stores entrance and exit that alarms if a security tag (2) is removed. The detection system can take many forms but is most commonly comprised of two   detection antennas on either side of a door. The second components is the security tag (2). The security tag (2) is attached   to the item that is to be protected from theft. There are different types of security tags (2) that can be attached to an item   by a variety of methods. The two most popular methods of attaching security tags (2) are using a thumbtack like pin connected   to a security hard alarm tag or applying a stick-on security label(soft tag) to a smooth flat surface on the item. Soft tags   can only be used once while hard tags can be reused and may last for decades. The security tag (2) is neutralized by the third   component which can either be a hard tag detacher (3) or a soft tag deactivator (3). A hard tag detacher (3)   is the mechanism used to remove the pin from a security hard tag. There are many types of hard tag detachers to correspond   with the different types of hard tag. A soft tag deactivator (3) is the machine used to turn off or   deactivate a soft tag. In summation, a customer will walk in to a store through a pair of security antennas. They will select   a tagged item from the sales floor. The customer will bring this item up to the sales counter where the tag will be   neutralized by either being removed in the case of the hard tag or turned off in the case of the soft tag. The customer can   now leave the store without setting off the detection system alarm.
Many different anti-shoplifting tag theft prevention systems are displayed perennially at the National Retail Federation loss   prevention convention held annually in various places nationwide.   This year's national loss prevention NRF show will be held June 14th through June 16th  in Atlanta at the Georgia World Congress Center.  The NRF Loss Prevention and Risk Management show in Atlanta is a great place for loss prevention executives to see the various anti theft tags, apparel theft   solutions, EAS systems, and clothing store security tags that are available in the market place.   Every year there are more   and more purveyors of replacement Sensormatic parts and the best low priced security products in the loss prevention related   industries.  Large retail chains can look to the different hard tag options coming to market this winter.  The best security   hard tag of the EAS industries competitors will probably remain the Supertag, but you never know.  The show will probably   reveal some new technology as it has always done in the past.
*The two main categories of deactivator manufacturer are Checkpoint and Sensormatic, these are the two largest manufacturers   of EAS in the world. Sensormatic and Checkpoint Systems deactivators and detachers are for the most part not compatible.
HarryGSecurity.com has the best selection of new and used electronic article surveillance or EAS tags on the Internet. We have   security tags and systems manufactured by Sensormatic , Checkpoint,   and Knogo. We have the hand detacher to remove security tacks, as well as magnetic and power detachers. All types of super tag   removers. We have HarryG's warrantied sensormatic deactivators, detachers, posts, Antennas, pedestals, labels, security tags,   ultramax, super tag, Acousto Magnetic technology and more. We have HarryG's warrantied checkpoint detacher, soft tag, 8.2 tags,   post, label, Quicksilver Dual Antenna, Radio Frequency, deactivator, sticker, pedestal, hard tag, clam tag, mini hard tag,   golf tag, used tags, sensor tags and more. All types of security sensortags. We have ink pins and ink tags. Cone head, Flat   head, White head, grooved and non grooved pin all in stock. Lanyards are available by phone order.
ALL Sensormatic Security and some Checkpoint Security branded equipment is refurbished or used and includes no services or warranty   from the manufacturer. HarryG Security offers a 30 day money-back guaranty on all merchandise sold on line. Shipping charges are not refundable.  EAS or Electronic   Article Surveillance equipment is essential to prevent shoplifting through effective retail security, loss prevention or Store   Security programs. Retail store inventory shrinkage can be greatly reduced by employment of the right anti theft methods.   Shoplifting can be held in check with detection systems coordinated with deactivation tag systems, using paper labels or   stickers as a secondary or primary layer of inventory loss prevention.  Bar code stickers are a great way to trick the   shoplifter about the identity of the security tag.  White security labels can have their own advantages for concealment.  Soft   security tags are extremely effective retail loss prevention tools.
Anti theft tag detection systems and anti theft tags have a symbiotic relationship. Electronic article surveillance systems and CCTV systems have a synergistic relationship.  Employment of EAS tag detection systems and CCTV security systems   in a retail store environment is a challenge in that the full potential of the system is not easy to achieve.  When you are   able to maximize the protection afforded by sensormatic or checkpoint security tags and sensormatic or checkpoint CCTV   equipment shoplifting will be greatly reduced.  To eliminate shoplifting CCTV and EAS must work together.  Check out   used security .com to learn more about sensormatic EAS and CCTV synergy.
Please Contact Harryg Security for a custom made used retail Sensormatic package with security detection antenna, used   Sensormatic Tags and a power detacher. Customized Sensormatic packages and security packs with 100% Sensormatic branded   security tags and detection systems retail for double and triple the prices of used systems. UltraGator Sensormatic hard tags   from Sensormatic are much more reliable than Ultra gator security tag knock offs. The Checkpoint Mini Hard Tag is our top   selling retail security mini tag that works at 8.2, and it comes with the pins. The mini hard tag is not made by   sensormatic.  Mini Tags use a chrome magnetic remover or super lock detacher. The Ceckpoint Starter Package with antennas   manufactured by Checkpoint systems are a loss prevention classic and offer a way to lower retail loss. Checkpoint 8.2 comp   clam mini Tags from Harryg Security use super lock detachers only.  This is also true for our 8.2 golf tags.  Super   magnetic lock tags add extra shoplifting prevention help.  A regular golf tag remover can not open a super tag lock.  Harryg   Security tag removers are stocked.  HarryG Security is headquartered in Cape Coral, FL.
Alarm tags are offered by alarm companies as well as EAS companies.  HarryG Retail Security specializes in alarm tags and that   is why we are better suited to handle loss prevention tag needs.  Specialization is a big part of getting the right alarm,   eas, or cctv system.  Alarm tags and alarm systems are not the same thing.  Sensormatic specializes in alarm tags where as ADT   is much better known for their alarm system or central station monitoring end of the business.  Both copanies are unrelated to   HarryG Retail Security.  Refurbished systems are warrantied by HarryG Security.
Ink tags are included in refurbished Sensormatic packs at the customers request. Detection posts (antenna), Sensormatic   sensortags, Deactivators ( deactivation pads), ink pins (security tacks) and ink pin removers are all stocked and ready to   pack for shipment. The Supertag from sensormatic is at the top of the retail loss prevention security pyramid. Super Tags are   the most difficult security tag to detach without the proper remover. The super hand detacher has a built in security device   that will alert a store owner if a potential shoplifter or unauthorized person enters through the retail security gates with the Sensormatic detacher. The supertag   hand detacher is designed to brake if a criminal attempts to remove the embedded security devices. Supertag hand detachers will open all types of supertags, including the supertag I, II, and III.  We provide made to order   store anti theft Bundle packs to help you prevent shoplifting by acquiring Security Tags and Deactivators at discount   pricing.
Loss prevention tactics have to be adjusted to cover the myriad problems that crop up in the retail environment.  Inventory   shrink is one problem with a variety of retail security solutions including security tags.  Inventory shrinkage must be   countered with anti shoplifting security tags, but that is not enough.  Used branded sensormatic tags and used checkpoint tags   are now easily obtained at Harryg Security discount pricing.  Don't loose more money than you have to as a result of   ineffective or outdated loss prevention security tags.  Current technology EAS antishoplifting security tags can help.    CCTV and EAS synergy is important.  Closed circuit television is now manufactured in HD for high definition tv review.    Electronic article surveillance sensormatic tags are an invaluable tool to prevent shoplifting.  Use security tags and save   money.  CCTV is an important method of internal theft prevention.  Employees can be seen more clearly with HDTV business   security equipment.
Ultra gator hard tags or sensormatic tags are used with the ultra max detection post systems ( including   Digital Doormax and Ultrapost). Harryg Security has a huge stock of security ultra gator Tags ( ultragators ). Ultragators or   ultra gators are used with whitehead pins.  Supertag pins and ultragator white head pins are not interchangeable. Detchers are   specific to the tag.  Supertag power detachers and ultragator power detachers are not interchangeable.
HarryGs.com recommend flat head or security ink pins for use with the mini checkpoint hard tag and an 8.2 System Detector.   Mini Security tags or mini sensortags refer to the size of the hard tag. We have large, mini, and midi hard tags.  Most paper   stickers are not reusable once they have been passed over a deactivating pad. This is true for all paper stickers or security   labels featured on Harryg Security .com.  Call 1-866-Hard-Tag for Harrygs.com starter Checkpoint packages with receiver and   transmitter.  Security tag packages are the most economical way to enter the EAS arena. Used Sensorink or sensor ink pin tags   can be used with both magnetic clutch backs and gator backers, the tag remover corresponds with the backer. In the sensormatic   starter we package the sensormatic ultra post antenna gates with sensormatic ultra max tags, and one or more rapid pad II's   depending on the current deal.  Security tag and detection systems packages customized by email request.  Packages for   sensormatic security tags or checkpoint security tags are available in our sale catalog.
Used Checkpoint and Sensormatic tags
Harryg Security provides used Sensormatic tags and equipment to many well known retailers.  HarryG's strongly recomends you do   not use fake sensormatic tags .  We are proud  to service one of the internets top 400 etailers Bedbathstore.com - Bed, Bath, linens duvet covers and more are available for  online purchase.  You can find Croscill and Thomasville bedding ,  wesley allen iron beds and more at bedbathstore.com.  They are running a winter spectacular with special thanks for all HarryG  Security Tag customers.
Deactivate-able Ultramax III Sensormatic labels are used in many of the worlds most successful retail chains including Walmart,  The Home Depot and Best Buy.  Cehckpoint labels or paper tags are used by CVS, Target and Circuit city.  As Sensormamtic and  Checkpoint Systems are both public companies, they are in a better position to deliver quality products than any other EAS  manufacturer. Sensormatic deactivator choice should be made based on the needs of a store. For mounting under the counter use   a lowpro pad pro. For sheer value use the rapid pad II flush mount. For all around reliability the counter top Powerpad Pro.   The power pad will beep when it senses an ultra tag. All the sensormatic power deactivators we stock, come with an audible   beep unit.  We have sold the dual antenna system with Checkpoint mini sensortags to stores in almost every state in the union.   Door max systems available by special order. The Sensormatic doormax can be seen in many of the worlds finest   retailers. The door max is a stylish and discrete system, that is in high demand. Harryg Security maintains a large supply of   doormax systems for those customers who must have the system due to the special needs of a shopping mall and those customers   who simply want this cutting edge system at used prices. We showcase the Doormax in our catalog and we maintain a stock for those   who particularly want the system and request it by phone or email info@harrygs.com.  As with our other security items, shipping   and installation are available.
The knogo satellite tag pioneered the cone pin and the dome shaped security pin, now used on a mass level in many national   retail chains. We suggest you continue to use a cone pin for all our Knogo tags this includes the Knogo super satelite.  Knogo   is now sold under the EAS brand name Sentry.  Sentry technology sells electronic article surveillance equipment and soft tags.
Ultramax Labels made by Sensormatic are listed as refurbished because Harryg Security is not the original purchaser from   sensormatic, all labels are 100% HarryG's Warrantied. The Ultra max sticker can be turned off with rapid pad II Deactivators.   HarryG Security has the lowest price in the world on large quantity Sensormatic power pad pro orders. Power Pad Pro's come with a keyed   sounder that controls the Sensormatic deactivator power and sound.  The Dual Checkpoint Antenna Systems we offer are available in refurbished and new depending on   the different type of Detector System we have in stock. Check point EAS tags deactivation is easily accomplished   with a counter point device. Loss Prevention professionals say "used checkpoint security systems" or "pre-owned Sensormatic   anti-theft equipment" systems are the most cost efficient way to stay ahead of shoplifters.  Retail LP equipment salvage   programs are available.
Used Sensormatic and Checkpoint retail loss prevention systems have become a viable alternative to new systems.   This website brings the advantages of used equipment to every sized retail store. Used security Tags are now available to   every retailer. In the past, large corporations where the only businesses with access to the used tag market. Used knogo security   tags and knogo tag related products like retail tag removers for eas tags are often found on auction sites. We encourage all   retail security loss prevention companies to be "Retail Security Ethics Compliant". Following retail security Ethics   Guidelines is essential.  Used sensortags available by phone request.  Super sensortags ( sensor tags ) are available in a   variety of pin attachments including sensor ink pins manufactured by sensormatic and others.  All used retail sensormatic   sensortags and checkpoint tags available at reduced pricing.  Save on   our super sized selection of retail security towers, new and used retail security tags, and all our other eas   equipment.  Electronic Article Surveillance is important to every retail store.  HDTV and LCD CCTV monitors and televisions   available at Hidefster.com.  Used HDTV plasma flat screen televisions   for use with an electronic article surveillance and cctv security package.
HarryGSecurity.com has hundreds of products that are not shown in our catalog.  More CCTV and EAS products coming soon.  Our   refurbished cctv site is coming soon. If you don't see what you want please email us at info@HarryGs.com or call us   1-866-Hard-Tag. HarryGS.com is property of Retail Security Group Inc. Proud to be located in the USA. Headquartered in   Cape Coral, Fl, US.
Last Updated March 6, 2012
