
Copier dealers, Electronic Office Systems, offer larger format printers, office copiers, fax machines and discount ink cartridges.
Home | Products | Document Management | Service & Support | Supplies | Networking | Specials | News |  Careers
Copier dealers are not all alike; We're the exception!  
There is a common misconception in our industry that copier dealers are all identical. Nothing could be further from the truth! While it’s true that many copier dealers and office equipment suppliers do sell and lease the same items, such as color copiers, digital copiers, office copiers and copier paper, copier toner, CAD plotters and plotter supplies, fax machines and fax machine supplies, discount ink cartridges, laser toner cartridges or MICR toner, it is Electronic Office System’s level of service and dedication to our customers and employees that sets us apart from the others.
Electronic Office Systems
Serving all of Central & Northern NJ, New York and Rockland County
At Electronic Office Systems (EOS), we pride ourselves on being large enough to serve you and small enough to care. Our goal of 100% customer satisfaction is consistently met by capitalizing on the four “F’s” of customer service…Fast, Focused, Friendly and Flexible. We service businesses of all sizes with the same loyalty, dedication and attention to detail, whether it is a two-person office or a Fortune 100 company. In turn, our customers show their loyalty to us by trusting our recommendations for office copiers, fax machines, large format printers and all office equipment and supplies, knowing we will never recommend a product – even if it means losing a sale – if we believe that product is not going to deliver what they need it to.
In addition to selling and servicing fine electronic office equipment from the industry’s major manufacturers, our knowledgeable technology consultants take pride in implementing and supporting our primary core competencies, electronic document imaging and management solutions, and computer networking infrastructures, for over 4,000 commercial businesses in New Jersey alone. We maintain strategic partnerships with companies like Cisco, Microsoft, Citrix, IBM, EMC, HP, RightFax and other leading suppliers of network hardware and software, and are resellers of Kofax and KyoCAPTURE as a front end for capturing documents. It all leads to the eventual implementation of a scalable product with our customer’s needs in mind!
EOS carries the finest brand names in copiers, including; HP, Ricoh Copiers, Savin Copiers and Kyocera Mita Copiers.  Browse through our site and explore how Electronic Office Systems can best serve your needs. We’d love the opportunity to get to know you! Let us learn about your existing equipment and office workflow. Talk to us about future growth. Our outside sales consultants are experts in office applications and can offer you many suggestions that you might not normally have considered.
