Was this article helpful? 0 0
E-Ink Vs LCD EBook Readers Screens - Which Are Better and Why?
By Petru Cretu
For most of their brief history, e-book readers have centered around E Ink technology to display text. This technology has been used to great success by Sony, Amazon, and Barnes and Noble in their widely popular e-book readers. With the introduction of the iPad and Barnes and Noble's new Color Nook, we are seeing more readers starting to adopt LCD screens as their way of displaying text.
The simplest way to think of E Ink is as an electronic version of classic childhood Etch-A-Sketch. The individual pixels of the display are tiny capsules that at rest appear white. When an electronic charge is given, they shift, turning to varying shades of gray. They will hold this shade until another charge is applied to rest them, or turn them another shade of gray. This technology is great for reading pure text because it lacks a backlight, and the images appear very similar to black text on white paper. Eye-strain is kept at a minimum. They also can be read in broad daylight with ease. Because E Ink displays only need electrical power to change from one image to another, their battery drain is minimal, and most readers can be used actively for over a week without needing a recharge.
While E Ink excels at reading text, they do posses relatively slow refresh rates. There are no commercially available color E Ink displays. This limits the usefulness of an E Ink e-book reader in displaying moving graphics, or most uses other than reading. Also, as they do not possess backlighting, so there must always be an external source of light to read with.
By now, most of us are familiar with Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) technologies. They have become standard in computer monitors, cell phones, and televisions. As they are backlit, they provide vibrant colors in all lighting conditions. Their superb refresh rates lend themselves nicely to moving graphics as well as static images such as text. Most notably, LCDs can be found in the Apple iPad and Barnes and Noble Nook Color.
LCDs do have some drawbacks as e-book readers. Because of their backlit nature, they can produce higher levels of eye-strain when used for long periods. Further, because they require a constant draw of electricity to hold an image, they consume power at a much greater rate than E Ink. The iPad and Color Nook will give, at best, 7-8 hours of reading time before requiring a recharge. LCD equipped readers are also priced far above E Ink models.
The choice between LCD and E Ink really comes down to intended purpose. If you're going to use an e-book reader strictly for reading text than it is best to go with and E Ink model. However, if you're more interested in enjoying the multi-function capabilities offered by LCD variants, price isn't an object, and you aren't away from a power source for too long, you can be very happy with an LCD version.
Article created by Peter who is a fan of electronics and gadgets. You can check out his latest sites to learn what are some of the best Ebook Readers on the market today and also to read reviews on ebook readers Ebook Reader Reviews .
Did you find this article helpful? 0 0
Get Involved
