adsmith74@gmail.com | Bio
11:35 AM on Mon., Feb.  9, 2009           | Permalink
I have not seen it live or played with it -- so take this all with a grain of salt. I did spend a month with the first-generation Kindle, though, so I think I have a good sense of what needed improvement.
The Good:
20 percent faster page turning: Objectively speaking, the pages on the old Kindle probably changed faster than most readers can turn the page of a physical book, but it was still annoyingly slow. I'm not sure if a 20 percent improvement is enough to eliminate the frustration or just reduce it, but it's clearly a step in the right direction.
7 times greater storage: The first Kindle could store about 200 books, which is more than you need to keep you occupied on even the longest flight, but far less than an avid reader will accumulate over a lifetime. The extra storage means Kindle users will never have to worry about making room for new texts.
More shades of grey: The first Kindle had four shades of grey. This one has 16. That means that photos rendered on the Kindle (in black-and-white, of course) will look reasonably sharp rather than looking like they were rendered on an Etch-a-Sketch. That will be very nice for non-fiction books with charts and tables and other illustrations.
The Bad:
Small Screen: It's the same size as the screen on the first Kindle, and it's too small. Personally, I think an 8.5-by-11 inch screen would be perfect, but if Amazon didn't want to go that big, it should at least put an 8-inch screen on the new device, particularly given how much white plastic surrounds the monitor.
Low resolution: Although Amazon added more shades of grey to the new Kindle, it did not increase the inherent resolution, which runs about 160 pixels per inch. That's sharp, but text on the Kindle does not look as crisp as text on a well-printed book. I'd guess the PPI number will need to hit the 200 mark before E-ink screens truly rival printed text.
No support for standard document types: Want to read a PDF or a Microsoft Word document? You'll have to send the document to Amazon which will translate it into a Kindle-friendly format and send it to your device. Not acceptable.
