Research Triangle Park, NC, 27709
USA
DuPont Microcircuit Materials Introduces New Offering for Printed Electronics
Silver Conductive Ink Designed as Cost-Effective Solution for RFID Antennae, Biosensors, Membrane Touch Switch Applications and More
RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., November 19, 2008 - DuPont Microcircuit Materials (MCM), part of DuPont Electronic Technologies, today announced the introduction of a new silver conductive ink formulated for use in printed electronics.
"DuPont MCM is uniquely positioned to help its customers succeed in the growing field of printed electronics, and this new development is an excellent example of how we've put our science to work to make that happen", said Scott E. Gordon, printed electronics segment manager - DuPont Microcircuit Materials.  "Our customers in the printed electronics industry are actively seeking more cost-effective materials and more efficient methods of production for high volume products such as RFID, and we have customized DuPont 5064 silver conductive ink in order to meet both of these criteria, while it continues to provide reliable performance in high and ultra high frequency ranges."
DuPont 5064 silver conductive ink is a polymer thick film technology developed with a unique combination of silver powder and resin that provides superior conductivity, cost-effectively.  It also allows for single pass printing which improves productivity in a range of printing processes. Its excellent adhesion to various substrates makes it suitable for several key applications, particularly RFID antennae, due to its performance in ultra high frequency and high frequency ranges.  DuPont 5064 silver conductive ink may also be used for applications including membrane touch switches, biosensors, and interconnection circuitry.
DuPont 5064 silver conductive ink is the latest addition to a broad portfolio of conductive materials for the printed electronics industry available from DuPont Microcircuit Materials for the following applications:
Thin film Photovoltaics (PV) - low temperature curing inks suitable for front-side grid and bus-bar conductors for thin film technologies such as CI(G)S, Cd Te, DSSC, organic and amorphous silicon;
Electroluminescent (EL) Displays - a full system of compatible inks for printing EL lamps for signage, backlights, automotive lighting and decorative lighting ;
Biosensors - gold, silver, carbon and custom ink formulations for working and reference electrodes;
RFID - Printed antennae using DuPont MCM silver inks, with widespread usage in ticketing, ski passes, automotive antennae, e-passports and luggage labels;
Membrane Touch Switches (MTS) - full range of silver, carbon and UV dielectric inks;
Smart Packaging - next generation flexographic inks;
Printed Batteries - carbon, silver and other custom compositions for printed batteries;
DuPont MCM's range of functional low-temperature curing inks for printed electronics applications employ various advanced resin chemistries enabling a variety of adhesion, flex and thermal properties and compatibility with a broad range of substrates, including paper, polyethylene naphthalate (PEN), polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polycarbonate (PC), FR4 and transparent conductive oxides.  The active phase of each ink is designed with each specific end application in mind, to ensure the correct conductive, resistive or dielectric properties. DuPont MCM's wide range of ink vehicle systems is suitable for screen print, flexo, gravure, photo-imaging, pad printing and other processing techniques. New ink-jet formulations are also under development.
DuPont Microcircuit Materials has over 40 years of experience in the development, manufacture, sale, and support of specialized thick film compositions for a wide variety of electronic applications in the display, photovoltaic, automotive, biomedical, industrial, military, and telecommunications markets. For more information on DuPont Microcircuit Materials, visit http://mcm.dupont.com.  Microcircuit Materials is part of DuPont Electronic Technologies, a leading supplier of electronic materials, including materials for the fabrication and packaging of semiconductors, materials for hybrid, rigid and flexible circuits, and materials for advanced displays.
DuPont is a science-based products and services company. Founded in 1802, DuPont puts science to work by creating sustainable solutions essential to a better, safer, healthier life for people everywhere. Operating in more than 70 countries, DuPont offers a wide range of innovative products and services for markets including agriculture and food; building and construction; communications; and transportation.
