create + conduct + connect
T-Ink, Inc.
T-INK, Inc. is an innovative technology company that utilizes proprietary "thinking inks" to enhance products through the creation of unlimited applications in the rapidly expanding $200 billion dollar printed electronics industry. T-INK is the leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of unique and innovative conductive inks, coatings and breakthrough applications used to significantly enhance the interactive capabilities of
a wide range of products.
T-INK's patented technology has been tested in over 2,000 proprietary, non-toxic formulations. The inks can be printed in virtually any color, including clear, using conventional methods, including offset, screen print, flexo and gravure. The systems will adhere to most substrates, including paper, textiles, plastics, glass, metal and concrete. The systems work in environments from -40ºF to +500ºF and can be bent, stretched and washed without losing conductivity.
To date, the Company’s roster of clients and partners include some of the world’s leading consumer product and industrial companies such as Ford, General Motors, US Gypsum, Sylvania, Whirlpool, McDonald’s, Coca-Cola, Wal-Mart, Hasbro, Toys R Us, Viacom, Kraft, Nabisco, Mead Westvaco, Hallmark, WestPoint Stevens, Playtex, Elmer’s and the US Government.
News Coverage
Posted on January 4, 2011
New York, NY —December 26, 2010— T-INK, Inc., a leading developer and marketer of interactive conductive ink formulations and applications  technologies, today announced that the company and its Ink-Logix division has won the IDTech 2010 Best Product Development Award for Printed Electronics for its Smart Plastic In-Mold technology.
T-INK's debut of its newest Smart InMold technology is now scheduled to be
showcased in the key 2013 domestic and international models. Additional
automotive Smart InMold products already in development include printed keyless entry columns, door panel and center console applications and T-INK's printed TouchScreen in future models.
T-INK created and produced over 100,000,000 original SLPs and licensed Happy Meal premiums and tray liners for McDonald’s international promotions.
Imagine a future with no more wires, buttons or switches!
Smart InMold Plastic
By replacing traditional 3D components with T-INK printed & moldable inks, T-INK’s unique In-Mold process brings significant advantages to a wide range of industries that can benefit from component weight reduction, space savings, carbon friendly production  and material part cost reduction.
T-INK has developed 100's of applications for textiles.
T-INK technology is flexible, washable, fire retardant and non-toxic creating a “green” footprint with extreme versatility that can withstand bending and washing without losing conductivity
We specialize in packaging, promotions that really make you Tink!
With it’s innovative product, packaging and point-of-purchase applications T-INK’s technology increases conversion rate at the FMOT (first moment of truth) point of the consumer experience.
T-Ink, Inc.  244 West 54th Street / New York, NY  10019 / Tel. 212.957.2700 / Fax  212.957.1616 / e-mail:  info@t-ink.com
Posted Feb. 13, 2012
T-INK is proud to announce that our Smart InMold (R) technology has been announced as one of the three finalist for the internationally renown 2012 Edison Awards for Applied Technology in Material Science and Enhanced Functionality category....
