12-20-98
 
What if these words disappeared tonight,     and a different story filled this space tomorrow morning? What if that     book on your table told a different tale next week?
 
And what if your favorite hiking jacket     had an ever-changing map on the sleeve -- with a moving dot to tell you     where you are?
 
These are the kinds of things researchers     and marketers talk about when they ponder electronic ink.
 
Like regular ink, it's printed on an     ordinary surface. But, like a chameleon, it can change the patterns it     shows. And that's attracting the attention of some major publishers, advertising     execs and retailers.
 
After all, electronic ink means never     having to say you're finished. There's no final edition of an electronic     newspaper; it just updates its stories. If a store's sign is advertising     picnic supplies when dark clouds roll in, it can switch to touting umbrellas.
 
This may sound futuristic, but a company     called E Ink of Cambridge, Mass., hopes to start marketing changeable signs     next year. With letters 2 inches to 4 feet tall, signs would cost $100     to $5,000, depending on the number of letters to be displayed, says E Ink     vice president Russ Wilcox.
 
Books and newspapers that can change     their contents would come later, he says. Maybe four to five years from     now.
 
Electronic ink isn't the only high-tech     way to post information, of course. Some hotels already use indoor changeable     signs somewhat like the liquid-crystal displays on electronic calculators.
 
And for years, scientists have studied     an array of very tiny balls, half-black and half-white, embedded in a surface.     The balls rotate on command, each showing the black or white surface, and     the eye blends all these tiny dots into an image.
 
The E Ink approach draws on research     by Joseph Jacobson and colleagues at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.     It too uses tiny dots, but they are transparent spheres in the ink itself     and only about the width of a human hair.
 
Inside each sphere is a bunch of tiny     particles in a dye. These particles dash from one side of the sphere to     the other when they're exposed to an electric charge.
 
Say the particles are white and the dye     is black. If the particles are hidden by the dye, the sphere looks black.     But when the particles hustle toward you, crowding against the near side     of the transparent spheres like children's noses at a candy store window,     the sphere turns white.
 
By controlling that movement sphere by     sphere, scientists can change the image on a sign or a printed page. The     electric charge that moves the particles comes from two arrays of transparent     electrodes, one on each side of the ink layer.
 
Black and white won't be the only options.     E Ink says it will be able to provide a range of colors.
 
J.C. Penney Co. Inc. is eager to start     testing the signs, says Edward Sample, the retailer's manager of systems     support and technology. He already has seen a prototype that changed from     blank to the words "J.C. Penney" and back.
 
He looks forward to printed signs that     present eye-catching moving messages or count down the days to the arrival     of a new line of sportswear.
 
From his many years behind the sales     counter, Sample also appreciates the value of a sign that advertises different     things at different times: hosiery and cosmetics for emergency shoppers     on a lunch hour, and a coordinated outfit or fragrances for more leisurely     shoppers in the evening.
 
Why not just have employees change regular     signs? Because, Sample says, that would take them away from their main     job of helping customers.
 
Back home, those customers may someday     read books with ever-changing stories. Once they finished "The Red     Badge of Courage," they could plug into the Internet and replace Stephen     Crane with Stephen King. Pages might include animation or even video clips;     users could adjust the type size and style as they wish.
 
Electronic books are on the market, but     they present words on screens. People might prefer to read on paper, says     Kenneth Bronfin, senior vice president at the Hearst Corp.'s new-media     group. Hearst, which publishes books, newspapers and magazines, is among     companies that invested a total of $15.8 million in E Ink this year.
 
"This is something people can curl     up in bed with, whereas they won't curl up in bed with a device that looks     like a computer and has glass and plastic and batteries," Bronfin     says. "This is a device that will actually look and feel a lot like     a book."
 
Similarly, people might buy one electronic     newspaper of perhaps 24 pages and simply update the pages with new stories     by computer or radio transmission.
 
Even magazine ads might be tailored to     specific readers by using electronic ink, says Gil Fuchsberg, corporate     director of new media at the Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. Interpublic,     a holding company for ad agencies and marketing communications companies,     has also invested in E Ink.
 
For example, if you last bought a General     Motors car five years ago, GM might order up an ad for a new car for your     copy of a magazine. "Every advertisement could be relevant to stuff     you're interested in," Fuchsberg says. "This can be the ultimate     in direct marketing."
 
Some observers, however, question just     how popular electronic ink will be.
 
Aris Silzars, president-elect of the     Society for Information Display, is skeptical that it would spread beyond     specialized uses like books that give portable access to staggering amounts     of reference material. In that case, he says, some people might prefer     a book to a laptop computer with CD-ROM.
 
For books in general, Silzars questions     whether an electronic-ink version would be handy, durable and inexpensive     enough to lure people away from traditional print. And signs that light     up, he says, might be more eye-catching than changeable printed ones.
 
But Robert Wisnieff, manager of the Advanced     Display Technology Laboratory at IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center     in Yorktown Heights, N.Y., believes the high-tech books could find a big     market if they prove technically feasible. For example, he says, a single     electronic textbook that could follow any student's interests for years     would be a good investment.
 
It's probably premature to judge how     big a deal electronic ink will be, Wisnieff says.
 
