keyboard
Is Kindle (Wi-Fi) or Kindle 3G (Free 3G + Wi-Fi) right for me?
Kindle (Wi-Fi) is a great choice if you already have a high-speed internet connection and wireless router setup at home, and do not want the added convenience of a 3G connection which enables you to download books anytime, anywhere on the go. If you do not have Wi-Fi setup in your home, Kindle 3G would be a better option.
Kindle 3G (Free 3G + Wi-Fi) is the easiest option because there is no wireless setup—you are ready to shop, purchase, and read right out of the box. Built-in Free 3G connectivity uses the same wireless signals that cell phones use, but there are no monthly fees or commitments—Amazon pays for Kindle’s 3G wireless connectivity. The added convenience of 3G enables you to download books anytime, anywhere on the go—without having to find a Wi-Fi hotspot connection. With wireless coverage in over 100 countries and territories, Kindle 3G is a great option for travelers. Check 3G coverage area .
Features
Elegant, Easy-to-use E-reader
Lose Yourself in Your Reading
The most elegant feature of a physical book is that it disappears while you're reading. Immersed in the author's world and ideas, you don't notice a book's glue, the stitching, or ink. Our top design objective is to make Kindle Keyboard disappear — just like a physical book — so you can get lost in your reading, not the technology.
Ergonomic Design
Kindle Keyboard is easy to hold and read. We designed it with long-form reading in mind. When reading for long periods of time, people naturally shift positions and often like to read with one hand. Kindle Keyboard's page-turning buttons are located on both sides, allowing you to read and turn pages from any position. The new soft-touch, textured back is comfortable to hold and never gets hot in your hands.
Never Gets Hot
Unlike a laptop, Kindle never gets hot so you can read comfortably as long as you like.
Simple Controls
Kindle Keyboard 3G has an easy-to-use 5-way controller for on-screen navigation for highlighting text or looking up words. For searching and note-taking, Kindle Keyboard features a physical keyboard.
Wireless Access With Whispernet
Get Books in as Little as 60 Seconds
Whispernet utilises Amazon's optimised technology plus a high-speed data network to enable you to wirelessly search, discover, and download content on the go. Your books, magazines and newspapers are delivered via Whispernet in less than 60 seconds. Wireless download times can vary based on 3G or EDGE/GPRS coverage, signal strength, and file size. See wireless coverage map for availability.
No Monthly Wireless Bills
No monthly wireless bills or commitments. Amazon pays for Kindle Keyboard 3G's wireless connectivity so you won't see a monthly wireless bill. There is no wireless setup – you are ready to shop, purchase, and read straight out of the box. See Wireless Terms and Conditions .
Your Kindle Keyboard 3G may use wireless connectivity to make other services available, such as wireless delivery of personal documents, which may require an additional charge. For more information, see Wireless Terms and Conditions .
Global 3G Coverage
Travel the globe and still get books in under 60 seconds. Kindle Keyboard 3G uses GSM technology — the most popular mobile wireless standard — with wireless coverage in over 100 countries and territories, such as Australia, Hong Kong, Germany, Japan, Norway, Spain, South Africa, the United States and many others. Stay in touch with news from home by having your newspaper and magazine subscriptions delivered wirelessly while you travel. See wireless coverage map for availability.
Built-In Wi-Fi
Kindle Keyboard automatically detects nearby Wi-Fi networks at school, home, or your favourite café. At a hotel or café that requires a password? Simply enter the password and connect to the network. Once you have added a Wi-Fi network, Kindle Keyboard will automatically connect to that network the next time you're near the hotspot.
E Ink 101
Latest Generation E Ink
Kindle Keyboard 3G uses E Ink Pearl – the latest generation of E Ink technology available – to deliver clear, crisp text you can read without eye strain.
How Electronic Ink Works
Electronic ink uses actual ink particles to create crisp, print-like text similar to what you see in a physical book. Kindle Keyboard uses proprietary, hand-built fonts to take advantage of the special characteristics of the ink to make letters appear clear and sharp.
Reads Like Real Paper, Even in Bright Sunlight
Because Kindle Keyboard 3G's electronic display uses E Ink, it looks and reads like real paper. Kindle Keyboard 3G’s screen reflects light like ordinary paper and uses no backlighting, so you can read as easily in bright sunlight as in your living room.
Reading on Kindle
Adjustable Text Sizes, Font Choices
Kindle Keyboard 3G has eight adjustable font sizes to suit your reading preference. You can increase the text size of your favourite books, magazines and newspapers with the push of a button. If your eyes tire, simply increase the font size and continue reading comfortably. Kindle Keyboard also has three font styles to choose from – all optimised and hand-tuned to provide the best reading experience.
Custom Fonts
Kindle Keyboard 3G uses hand-built, custom fonts and font-hinting to make words and letters more crisp, clear, and natural-looking. Font hints are instructions, written as code, that control points on a font character's line, improving legibility at small font sizes where few pixels are available. Hinting is a mix of aesthetic judgments and complicated technical strategies. We've designed our proprietary font-hinting to optimise specifically for the special characteristics of electronic ink.
Fast Page Turns
Kindle Keyboard has fast page turns. We’ve done this by fine-tuning Kindle Keyboard’s proprietary waveform, the series of electronic pulses that move black and white electronic ink particles to achieve an optimal display of images and text.
Rotate Between Portrait and Landscape Mode
Manually rotate the display from portrait to landscape to view maps, graphs, tables and Web pages.
Real Page Numbers
Easily reference and cite passages or read alongside others in a book club or class with real page numbers that correspond to a book’s print edition.  We’ve added real page numbers to tens of thousands of Kindle books, including the top 100 bestselling books in the Kindle Store with matching print editions.  Simply press the “Menu” button while reading to display page numbers.
Support for Non-Latin Characters
Kindle Keyboard can display Cyrillic (such as Russian), Japanese, Chinese (Traditional and Simplified), and Korean characters in addition to Latin and Greek scripts for certain file types. To view your personal documents with non-Latin characters on your Kindle, send your file as a Microsoft Word document (DOC) attachment to your Kindle's e-mail address ("name"@free.kindle.com). The file will be converted to Kindle format and sent to your Kindle via the Wi-Fi connection and also to the e-mail address associated with your Amazon.com account at no charge. See more details about Kindle’s Personal Document Service via Whispernet here . Loading TXT files containing non-Latin characters over USB is currently not supported as some characters may not display properly.
Full Image Zoom
Images and photos display crisply on Kindle Keyboard and can be zoomed to the full size of the screen.
Carry and Read Your Personal Documents
Kindle Keyboard makes it easy to take your personal documents with you, eliminating the need to print. You and your approved contacts can e-mail documents – including Word, PDF and more - directly to your Kindle and read them in Kindle format. Your personal documents will be stored in your Kindle library on Amazon and ready to download conveniently anywhere at any time. You can add notes, highlights and bookmarks, which are automatically synchronized across devices along with the last page you read using our Whispersync technology.
You can read your PDFs in their native format, view them in landscape mode, or zoom in up to 300% to view small print and detailed tables and graphics. You can also convert your PDF document to the Kindle format so that it reflows like a regular Kindle book.
Dictionary and Search
Built-In Dictionary with Instant Lookup
Never get caught without a dictionary. Kindle Keyboard includes The Oxford Dictionary of English with over 250,000 entries and definitions for free. Kindle Keyboard lets you instantly lookup the definition without ever leaving the book – simply move the cursor to the word and the definition will automatically display at the bottom of the screen.
Search Wikipedia and the Web
Kindle Keyboard makes it easy to find what you’re looking for. Just enter a word or phrase and Kindle will search every instance across your Kindle library, in the Kindle Store, on Wikipedia, or the Web using Google search.
Notes and Sharing
Bookmarks and Annotations
By using the QWERTY keyboard, you can add annotations to text, just like you might write in the margins of a book. And because it is digital, you can edit, delete, and export your notes. You can highlight and clip key passages and bookmark pages for future use. You'll never need to bookmark your last place in the book, because Kindle remembers for you and always opens to the last page you read.
Share Meaningful Passages
Share your passion for books and reading with friends, family, and other readers around the world by posting meaningful passages to social networks like Facebook and Twitter directly from Kindle, without leaving the page. Want to post or tweet about a great new book or newspaper article? When you highlight or create a note in your book you can easily share it with your social network. Help your network of family and friends discover new authors and books.
Public Notes
Share your notes and see what others are saying about Kindle books.  Any Kindle user--including authors, book reviewers, professors and passionate readers everywhere--can opt-in to share their thoughts on book passages and ideas with friends, family members, colleagues, and the greater Kindle community. Learn More
Popular Highlights
See what our community of millions of Kindle readers think are the most interesting passages in your books. If several other readers have highlighted a particular passage, then that passage will be highlighted in your book along with the total number of people who have highlighted it. Now it's easier to review, remember, and learn more from the books you read. Learn More
Customise your Kindle
Organise your Library
Organise your Kindle library into collections, or categories, to easily access any book you are looking for. You can add an item to multiple collections to make organizing and finding titles even easier. For example, you can add the same book to your "History" and "My Favorite Authors" collections.
Password Protection
With new password protection functionality, you can choose to lock your Kindle automatically when you're not using it.
UK Kindle Store
You can search and shop the Kindle Store wirelessly straight from your Kindle Keyboard, allowing you to click, buy, and start reading your purchases in 60 seconds. The Kindle Store offers the same great Amazon.co.uk customer experience you're used to, including customer reviews, personalized recommendations, and low prices. We auto-deliver your selections wirelessly, so the next time you hear about a great book, just search, buy, and read.
Over 1 Million Books
With the biggest selection of any ebook store in the UK, you can shop more than 1 million books, including bestsellers and new releases. UK and international newspapers, magazines, and blogs, plus more than 1 million free books, are also available.
Lowest eBook Prices
We check hundreds of prices every day to make sure our prices are the lowest of any ebook store in the UK.  Compare our book prices - you'll like what you find.
Read First Chapters for Free
No need to judge a book by its cover. Kindle Keyboard lets you download and read the beginning of books for free. Sample a new author or book–-if you like what you read, simply buy and download the whole book with 1-Click, straight from your Kindle Keyboard, and continue reading. Sample length will vary by book.
Buy Once, Read Everywhere
Our Whispersync technology synchronises your Kindle library and last page read across your devices, so you can read a few pages on your mobile phone or computer and pick up right where you left off when you return to your Kindle Keyboard.
Experimental Features
The experimental category represents features we are still working on to enhance the Kindle experience even further. Try them out and let us know what you think.
Read-to-Me
With the Text-to-Speech feature, Kindle Keyboard can read English newspapers, magazines, blogs, and books out loud to you, unless the book's rights holder made the feature unavailable. You can switch back and forth between reading and listening, and your spot is automatically saved. Pages automatically turn while the content is being read, so you can listen hands-free. You can choose from both male and female voices which can be sped up or slowed down to suit your preference. In the middle of a great story or article but have to jump in the car? Simply turn on Text-to-Speech and listen on the go.
Voice Guide
New text-to-speech enabled menus allow customers to navigate Kindle Keyboard without having to read menu options. In addition to listening to books aloud, users now have the option of listening to content listings on the home screen, item descriptions, and all menu options. To turn Voice Guide on or off, press the Menu button from your Home screen. Select Settings and then press Next Page to go to Page 2 of Settings. Select "turn on" or "turn off" next to the Voice Guide setting.
New WebKit-Based Browser
Kindle Keyboard's features an experimental web browser based on WebKit to provide a better web browsing experience. Now it's easier than ever to find the information you're looking for right from your Kindle Keyboard. Experimental web browsing is free to use over 3G or Wi-Fi.
Listen to Music & Podcasts
Transfer MP3 files to Kindle Keyboard to play as background music while you read. You can quickly and easily transfer MP3 files via USB by connecting Kindle Keyboard to your computer.
3-Year Warranty Plus Accident Protection for Kindle
Loading, please wait
3 Years of Accident Coverage for your Kindle
The vast majority of Kindle failures occur because of accidents. With the 3-Year Warranty + Accident Protection for Kindle, you are protected for 3 years starting from day 1 if your Kindle breaks because:
Your child knocks it off a table
The dog chews it
You drop it in water
It gets trodden on
A 3-Year Warranty also provides:
Cover for all electrical and mechanical breakdown for an extra 2 years after the manufacturer's warranty ends
Multiple replacements
Free express delivery both ways
How it Works
SquareTrade's claim process is painless - start by calling 020 3356 6205 (7am to 9pm GMT, 7 days a week)
SquareTrade will dispatch a replacement unit (same or newer model) to you via express delivery
Your Kindle comes with a one-year manufacturer's warranty:
If you are a consumer, you will also have consumer rights and this 3-year warranty is provided to you in addition to these rights, and does not prejudice your consumer rights in any way. However, your consumer rights will not include protection for accidental damage and theft cover. For more information on your consumer rights for faulty goods, click here .
Technical Details
