The Free Library >  Date >  2007 >  October >  1 >  Printed Circuit Design & Fab
Ink jet printing for high-frequency electronic applications: nanoparticle inks and drop-on-demand ink jet printers offer a unique opportunity to generate fine-line additive circuits on flexible, three-dimensional substrates.
Ink jet See inkjet printer.  printing has been gaining interest for use in electronics manufacture. This article is intended to provide a brief overview of ink jet printing; a review of some of the applications of high-frequency electronics from the literature; and, finally, some ideas as to possible further applications.
In a review of ink jet printing for graphics applications, Le defined the technology as follows; "Ink-jet is a non-impact dot-matrix printing technology in which droplets of ink are jetted from a small aperture directly to a specified position on a media to create an image (1)."
[FIGURE 1 OMITTED]
To facilitate this technology, there are two general designs of ink jet printers See inkjet printer. . The designs are continuous and drop-on-demand ( DOD (1) (Dial On Demand) A feature that allows a device to automatically dial a telephone number. For example, an ISDN router with dial on demand will automatically dial up the ISP when it senses IP traffic destined for the Internet. ). As the names imply, these designs differ in the frequency of generation of droplets.
In continuous ink jet printers, droplets are generated continually with an electric charge imparted to them. As shown schematically in FIGURE 1, the charged droplets are ejected from a nozzle. Depending upon the nature of the imposed electric field, the charged droplets are either directed to the media for printing, or they are diverted to a recirculation Noun 1. recirculation - circulation again
circulation - the spread or transmission of something (as news or money) to a wider group or area  system. Thus, while the droplets are generated continuously, they are directed to the media only when/where a dot is desired.
In DOD ink jet printers, droplets are generated only when they are needed. The droplets can be generated by heating the ink to boil off a droplet droplet
very small drop of fluid.
droplet nuclei
the finite particles of matter which are transmitted from animal to animal.  (so called thermal ink jet). Alternatively, the droplets can be ejected mechanically through the application of an acoustic pulse or electrically stimulating a piezoelectric The property of certain crystals that causes them to produce voltage when a mechanical pressure is applied to them such as sound vibrations. This technique is used to build crystal microphones, phonograph cartridges and strain gauges, all of which turn mechanical movement into voltage.  to elicit a deformation, which will generate a droplet as shown in FIGURE 2.
An advantage of ink jet printing is its modularity. Individual printing nozzles are combined into a single print head. Multiple print heads can be combined within a single printer. This allows printing more than one ink at a time (e.g., different colors). The modular nature also allows for combining printheads laterally for use in large area printing. Currently, a major application for ink jet printing is in the production of billboards.
Inks for Printing Electronic Products
To apply ink jet printing technology to electronics, the ink to be printed is made up of electronic materials rather than the pigments used in graphics printing. As with other fluid-based printing methods, the ink used in ink jet printing is a complex formulation of solvents, plasticizers plasticizers
mostly triaryl phosphates, such as tricresyl, triphenyl phosphates, which are poisonous. See also triorthocresyl phosphate.  and surfactants in addition to the appropriate electronic materials. For the most part, DOD printers have been used in ink jet printing of electronics.
Ink jet printing has been used to produce conducting and semiconducting polymers (2), as well as displays (3). The work discussed here will concentrate primarily on ink jet printing of conductors. Work has been reported on ink jet printing of copper (4), silver (5) and gold (6). Typically, nanoparticles of the desired conductor are dispersed in the ink. However, due to the high surface area of copper nanoparticles, oxidation becomes a concern. This necessitates using inks containing a copper metal precursor, rather than copper nanoparticles. Commercially available silver or gold inks can be obtained from several companies such as Cabot (U.S.), Cima NanoTech (Israel/U.S.), Ulvac (Japan), Harima Chemical (Japan) and Advanced NanoProducts (Korea). These inks contain up to 60% by weight of metal.
The small particle size Particle size, also called grain size, refers to the diameter of individual grains of sediment, or the lithified particles in clastic rocks. The term may also be applied to other granular materials.  of the nanoparticles in electronic inks allows for lower firing temperatures to densify the printed ink. Silver nanoparticles
This article or section may be confusing or unclear for some readers.
Please [improve the article] or discuss this issue on the talk page.  fired as low as 260[degrees]C have resulted in dense films with conductivity about 50% of bulk silver (7). This low densification temperature allows for circuits on plastic substrates that could not otherwise handle the higher temperatures typically used to densify metallic particles.
[FIGURE 2 OMITTED]
Ink Jet Printing for Electronic Products
There are many advantages to employing ink jet printing for electronic circuits, several of which are listed below. The first four are currently being utilized. The others are potential advantages that, to the author's knowledge, have not yet been exploited for electronic applications.
Digital process. Ink jet is a dot-matrix technology, a digital process. This means that patterning can be directly computer controlled. No masks or screens are necessary. Changes can be made quite easily by altering the computer-controlled pattern rather than awaiting a new mask or screen.
Additive process. Materials are applied only where desired. This can be important when expensive materials are being deposited. Additionally, the extra steps and environmental concerns of stripping are eliminated with ink jet printing.
Non-contact. The print nozzles do not contact the substrate, preserving delicate surfaces. They are typically positioned 0.5 to 1.0 mm above the substrate.
3-D printing. Through programming of the individual nozzles and repeated passes, it is possible to vary the thickness of the deposited ink with position. This has been used in forming 3D ceramic structures (8) and to print spiral conductors (9).
Different materials can be printed simultaneously. As with multicolor printing of graphics, it is possible to print different electronic materials (e.g., conductors, resistors, dielectrics) simultaneously. By ganging printheads containing the different materials, it would be possible to print them in a single pass. This could eliminate the need for pattern registration for subsequent depositions and increase throughput.
Large sizes. As mentioned above, ink jet printing is currently used in the graphics world to print billboards. The same print heads that are used in desktop printing of electronic materials can be ganged laterally to print onto significantly larger-sized substrates. It is important to note that this scale up is direct, that is the printheads are the same, so that the parameters found applicable at small sizes should be usable.
For many electronic applications, screen printing has been the preferred deposition method. The line widths and line spacing typical of ink jet printing are one-half those typical of screen printing: 30 [micro]m vs. 60 [micro]m (10). Even finer geometries have been reported in developmental ink jet printing: 10 [micro]m lines and spacing (11).
While there are advantages to ink jet printing of electronics, there are drawbacks. The physics of generating droplets from very narrow diameter nozzles constrains the allowable ink rheology. The ink typically needs to have a surface tension >35 mN/m and a viscosity of 1 to 10 cPoise (12). In part because of these rheological rhe·ol·o·gy  
n.
The study of the deformation and flow of matter.
rhe
o·log  constraints and the present limited market, there are not many commercially available inks for electronics. However, it is anticipated that as the market grows, additional suppliers and ink compositions will become available.
High-Frequency Applications
Reports of ink jet printing used in high-frequency electronics are reviewed below to give a sense of the breadth of applications possible.
[FIGURE 3 OMITTED]
Radio-controlled watch module. Seiko Epson Seiko Epson Corporation (セイコーエプソン株式会社,   has reported fabricating 20 metal layer circuit boards of 200 [micro]m thickness (not including the base polyimide Pronounced "poly-ih-mid." A type of plastic (a synthetic polymeric resin) originally developed by DuPont that is very durable, easy to machine and can handle very high temperatures. Polyimide is also highly insulative and does not contaminate its surroundings (does not outgas).  substrate) by ink jet printing using a piezoelectric DOD printer (13). The boards measured 20 x 20 mm. Silver conductor lines and vias were ink jet printed as were the interlayer Noun 1. interlayer - a layer placed between other layers
layer, bed - single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance; "slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach"  dielectrics. The silver conductor lines were 4 [micro]m thick and 50 [micro]m wide with a minimum spacing of 110 [micro]m. No details of firing conditions were reported.
By using this technology, the module size for radio-controlled watches was reduced by 65% over a chip-on-board (COB) process using a glass-epoxy substrate. The ink jet PCB PCB: see polychlorinated biphenyl.
PCB
 in full polychlorinated biphenyl
Any of a class of highly stable organic compounds prepared by the reaction of chlorine with biphenyl, a two-ring compound.  contained all of the passive components except for the antenna, connector and crystal.
Co-planar waveguides in PCBs. Joint work carried out by Motorola and the University of Illinois University of Illinois may refer to:
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (flagship campus)
University of Illinois at Chicago
University of Illinois at Springfield
University of Illinois system
It can also refer to:
 (Chicago) studied the possibility of using ink jet printing to form PCBs. For one of the test vehicles, they used a DOD printer to fabricate coplanar co·pla·nar  
adj.
Lying or occurring in the same plane. Used of points, lines, or figures.
co
pla·nar  waveguides consisting of silver transmission lines between copper etched ground planes and signal pads on polyimide (14). The conductor line was densified by heating at 300[degrees]C for 15 min. Their lines were 120 to 200 [micro]m wide and 1 to 3 [micro]m thick. The resistivity resistivity
Electrical resistance of a conductor of unit cross-sectional area and unit length. The resistivity of a conductor depends on its composition and its temperature.  of the conductor lines was 3.5 x 10-5 [ ohm ohm (ōm) [for G. S. Ohm], unit of electrical resistance, defined as the resistance in a circuit in which a potential difference of one volt creates a current of one ampere; hence, 1 ohm equals 1 volt/ampere. ]cm.
They found good, repeatable electrical results between 0 to 4 GHz. They also found that test vehicles subjected to 85% humidity and 85[degrees]C for up to 172 hours showed an average increase of only 4% in the resistivity of ink jet printed silver conductors on polyimide.
RFID (Radio Frequency IDentification) A data collection technology that uses electronic tags for storing data. The tag, also known as an "electronic label," "transponder" or "code plate," is made up of an RFID chip attached to an antenna.  components. Researchers at the University of California--Berkeley have been active in fabricating RFID components via ink jet printing. They have printed nanoparticles of gold onto polyester, creating spiral inductors and conductors using a DOD printer (15). To improve the uniformity of the printed conductors, they overlaid drops of ink with 5 to 15 [micro]m spacing. They then printed several lines on top of each other. To further increase line uniformity, they printed with the substrate heated to 160[degrees] to 190[degrees]C.
Using their print conditions, the best results were found for printing three layers or more. The resultant conductors were about 160 [micro]m wide and had resistivity as low as 23 m[ohm]/[]. They also used ink jet printing to deposit polyimide dielectrics for crossovers and capacitors. Pinhole free dielectric films were formed as thin as 340 nm and as thick as 3 [micro]m. Spiral inductors of 350 nH were formed with three printed layers of gold. The inductors had radii ra·di·i  
n.
radii
Noun
a plural of radius  of 5,000 [micro]m with line widths of 160 [micro]m and line spacing of 100 [micro]m.
Transmission lines for cell phones. Nokia has investigated the possibility of using ink jet printed conductors on polymers for possible use in cell phones and other electronic devices. They printed silver nanoparticles onto polymer substrates using a DOD printer (16). They printed several different sized conducting traces and cured them in an infrared oven. For thin conductor lines (<10 [micro]m), they found the optimal curing conditions to be 240[degrees]C for 60 min.
To test the electrical parameters of the ink, they fabricated fab·ri·cate  
tr.v. fab·ri·cat·ed, fab·ri·cat·ing, fab·ri·cates
1. To make; create.
2. To construct by combining or assembling diverse, typically standardized parts:  50 [ohm] transmission lines on ceramic substrates. They compared transmission lines with ink jet printed silver conductors to etched copper lines. The line width and length were the same for the two conductors. The thickness of the ink jet printed conductor was 2 [micro]m, while that of the etched copper was 17 [micro]m. The insertion losses between 0 to 5 GHz were slightly larger for the ink jet printed silver conductor but were judged to be acceptable.
Future Applications
Hopefully, the applications described above demonstrate the applicability of ink jet printing for high-frequency electronic products.
Using a tabletop dedicated materials deposition system from Dimatix (17), shown in FIGURE 3, product development on additional applications of ink jet printing is ongoing at Advanced Materials Advanced Materials is a leading peer-reviewed materials science journal published every two weeks. Advanced Materials includes Communications, Reviews, and Feature Articles from the cutting edge of materials science, including topics in chemistry, physics,  Solutions. The Dimatix system has a 200 x 300 mm printing area with a vacuum platen that is heatable to 60[degrees]C. The system has integrated fiducial fi·du·cial  
adj.
1. Based on or relating to faith or trust.
2. Relating to or characteristic of a legal trust; fiduciary.
3. Regarded or employed as a standard of reference, as in surveying.  and drop watcher cameras. It can be used to print Ag and AgCu conductors onto Mylar, ceramic and textile substrates.
The printer uses replaceable cartridges, which avoids any cross contamination cross contamination Medical practice The passsage of pathogens indirectly from one Pt to another due to use of improper sterilization procedures, unclean instruments, or recycling of products  of inks. The cartridges have silicon MEMS (MicroElectroMechanical Systems) Tiny mechanical devices that are built onto semiconductor chips and are measured in micrometers. In the research labs since the 1980s, MEMS devices began to materialize as commercial products in the mid-1990s.  printheads containing 16 independently controllable nozzles. The printhead printhead n → cabeza impresora
printhead n → tête f d'impression
printhead print n → Druckkopf m  can be heated up to 70[degrees]C. The nozzles have 21 [micro]m orifices and 254 [micro]m spacing (100 dpi). The cartridges are user fillable. The following applications are under development.
Quickturn Antenna Prototypes
As has been described, ink jet printing is a digital process. No masking is necessary, only a digital file. This could lead to quick production of prototypes, such as antennas. It would allow for a quick turnaround for changes. We envision an iterative process in which a prototype can be printed from a digital file, tested and proposed changes to the pattern introduced digitally. This cycle would then be repeated until the desired characteristics were obtained. Delays associated with waiting for new masking or screens to be produced could be eliminated while optimizing the design.
Conformable Circuits
Ink jet printing can be performed on flexible substrates. These substrates could be bonded to a non-planar surface to permit conformable circuits. (It should be pointed out that the flexibility of the densified conductor traces has not yet been demonstrated.) Alternatively, with a change of fixturing, it may be possible to print directly onto non-planar surfaces.
Circuits on E-Textiles
E-Textiles are textiles into which metal wires are woven. There has been work done on using these for transmission lines (18). By ink jet printing additional conductors and passive components, more advanced capabilities can be built-in with the integral conductors acting as interconnects. Potential applications include wearable electronics (e.g. GPS or antennas), physiological monitors and animal monitoring via RFID. Conductive traces have been successfully demonstrated on E-textiles via ink jet printing (19).
Conclusion
This article was designed to provide an introduction to the applicability of ink jet printing in the electronics industry. The utility for several high-frequency applications has been demonstrated. It is hoped that this article will stimulate the reader to consider other possible applications of this exciting technique.
REFERENCES
(1.) H.P. Le, Progress and Trends in Ink-jet Printing Technology, Journal of Imaging Science and Technology, Vol. 42, No. 1, pp. 49-62, [1998].
(2.) B.J. de Gans, P.C. Duineveld, U.S. Schubert, Inkjet Printing of Polymers: State of the Art and Future Developments, Advanced Materials, Vol. 16, No. 3, pp. 203-213, [2004].
(3.) M.L. Chabinyc, W. S. Wong. A.C. Arias, S. Ready, R.A. Lujan, J.H. Daniel, B. Krusor, R.B. Apte, A. Salleo, and R.A. Street, Printing Methods and Materials for Large-Area Electronic Devices, Proceedings of the IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, New York, www.ieee.org) A membership organization that includes engineers, scientists and students in electronics and allied fields. , Vol. 93, No. 8, pp. 1491-1499, [2005].
(4.) G.G. Rozenberg, E. Bresler, S.P. Speakman, C. Jeynes, and J.H.G. Steinke, Patterned low temperature copper-rich deposits using inkjet printing, Applied Physics Letters Applied Physics Letters is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Institute of Physics devoted to the publication of new experimental and theoretical papers about applications of physics to science, engineering, and modern technology. , Vol. 81, No. 27, pp. 5249-5251, [2002].
(5.) P.J. Smith, D.Y. Shin, J.E. Stringer, B. Derby, and N. Reis, Direct ink-jet printing and low temperature conversion of conductive silver patterns, Journal of Materials Science materials science
Study of the properties of solid materials and how those properties are determined by the material's composition and structure, both macroscopic and microscopic. , Vol. 41, pp. 4153-4158, [2006].
(6.) J. Chung, S. Ko, N.R. Bieri, C.P. Grigoropoulos, and D. Poulikakos, Conductor microstructures by laser curing of printed gold nanopartricle inks, Applied Physics Letters, Vol. 84, No. 5, pp. 801-803, [2004].
(7.) D. Kim, S. Jeong, J. Moon, and K. Kang, Ink-Jet Printing of Silver Conductive Tracks on Flexible Substrates, Molecular Crystals and Liquid Crystals, Vol. 459, 45/[325]-55[335], [2006].
(8.) K.A.M. Seerden, N. Reis, J.R.G Evans, P.S. Grant, J.W. Halloran, and B. Derby, Ink-Jet Printing of Wax-Based Alumina alumina (əl
`mĭnə) or aluminum oxide, Al2O3, chemical compound with m.p. about 2,000&degC; and sp. gr. about 4.0.  Suspensions, Journal of the American Ceramic Society The American Ceramic Society (ACerS) is a non-profit professional organization for the ceramics community, with a focus on scientific research, emerging technologies, and current applications in which ceramic materials are a key element. , Vol. 84, No. 11, pp. 2514-2520 [2001].
(9.) J. Mei, M.R. Lovell, and M.H. Mickle, Formulation and Processing of Novel Conductive Solution Inks in Continuous Inkjet Printing of 3-D Electric Circuits, IEEE Transactions on Electronics Packaging Manufacturing, vol. 28, No. 3, pp. 265-273, [2005].
(10.) K. Kowai, Y. Kawamura, H. Nagata, S. Yarnaguchi, T. Sakuma, K. Sakurada,T. Kobayashi, and K. Wada, LowTemperature Co-fired Ceramics Multi-layer Substrate Utilized with Ink-jet Printed Silver Layers, Proceedings of the 38th International Symposium on Microelectronics ( IMAPS IMAPS IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol) Secure
IMAPS International Microelectronics And Packaging Society
IMAPS Interstellar Medium Absorption Profile Spectrograph
IMAPS Integrated Military Airlift Planning System (MAC) ), pp. 823-833, [2005].
(11.) K. Murata, J. Matsumoto, A Tezuka,Y. Matsuba, H. Yokoyama, Superfine superfine
a class of merino sheep with wool finer than that of fine-wool. Usual limit is wool of 18.5 microns or less fiber diameter.  ink-jet printing: toward the minimal manufacturing system, Microsystems Technology, Vol. 12, pp. 2-7, [2005].
(12.) M.D. Croucher and M.L. Hair, Design Criteria Noun 1. design criteria - criteria that designers should meet in designing some system or device; "the job specifications summarized the design criteria"
criterion, standard - the ideal in terms of which something can be judged; "they live by the standards of their  and Future Directions in Inkjet Technology, Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research, Vol. 28, pp. 1712-1718, [1989].
(13.) H. Imai, S. Mizuno, A. Makabe K. Sakurada, K. Wada, Application of Inkjet Printing Technology to Electro Packaging, Proceedings of the 39th International Symposium on Microelectronics (IMAPS), pp. 484-490, [2006].
(14.) J.B. Szczech, C.M. Megaridis, D.R. Gamota, and J. Zhang, Fine-Line Conductor Manufacturing Using Drop-on Demand PZT PZT Lead Zirconate Titanate (piezoelectric ceramic material)
PZT Piezoelectric Transducer
PZT Photographic Zenith Tube
PZT Point Zone Telephone  Printing Technology, IEEE Transactions on Electronics Packaging Manufacturing, Vol. 25, No. 1, pp. 26-33, [2002].
(15.) D. Redinger, S. Molesa, S. Yin, R. Farschi, and V. Subrarnanian, An Ink-Jet-Deposited Passive Component Process for RFID, IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices, Vol. 51, No. 12, pp. 1978-1983, [2004].
(16.) Z. Radivojevic, K. Andersson, K. Hashizume, M. Heino, M. MantysaIo, P. Mansikkamaki, Y. Matsuba, and N. Terada, Optimised Curing of Silver Ink Jet Based Printed Traces, Proceedings of the International Workshop on Thermal Investigations of ICs and Systems ( THERMINIC THERMINIC New Methods for Thermal Investigation of Integrated Circuits ), pp. 163-168, [2006].
(17.) Model 2831; FUJIFILM Dimatix, 2230 Martin Ave, Santa Clara Santa Clara, city, Cuba
Santa Clara (sän`tä klä`rä), city (1994 est. pop. 217,000), capital of Villa Clara prov., central Cuba.  CA 95050.
(18.) D. Cottet, J. Grzyb, T. Kirstein, and G. Troster, Electrical Characterization of Textile Transmission Lines, IEEE Transactions on Advanced Packaging, Vol. 26, No. 2, pp. 182-190, [2003].
(19.) J.B. Blum, Fabric Based Electronics, presented at Vermont EPSCOR EPSCOR Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research  Annual Conference, Burlington VT, [2007].
JOHN BLUM John Joseph Blum (born October 8 1959, Detroit, Michigan) is a retired American ice hockey defenceman.
Signed as a free agent by the Edmonton Oilers in 1981, Blum played mostly in the minors before being traded to the Boston Bruins, a team that he would play for three  is Principle, Advanced Materials Solutions LLC (Logical Link Control) See "LANs" under data link protocol.
LLC - Logical Link Control . He can be contacted at John.Blum@AdvMatls.com.
COPYRIGHT 2007 UP Media Group, Inc.
No portion of this article can be reproduced without the express written permission from the copyright holder.
Copyright 2007 Gale, Cengage Learning. All rights reserved.
 Reader Opinion
