E-Book readers
E-Paper news and resources
E-Paper enables thin, efficient and flexible displays, suitable for e-reader and lot's of other products . Our site is dedicated to different e-paper technologies (the major one today is E Ink). For news and information on E-Readers, please visit our sister-site E-Reader-Info.com .
Recent E Ink news:
E Ink at SID 2012
Here's a summary of my visit to E Ink's booth at SID 2012. E Ink had a very large booth, showing dozens of E-readers and other devices that sport E Ink panels. Lot's of these used Ink-In-Motion, E Ink's segmented displays (rather then the active-matrix ones used in e-readers for example).
The largest display at the booth, and one of the most interesting ones was the hybrid EPD/LED traffic light concept. It uses a large circular e-paper panel, color filters and LEDs (in an outer ring). The hybrid traffic light provides higher visibility in direct sunlight than regular traffic lights (who need to "overpower" the sunlight). E Ink's concept uses 24 LEDs vs 200 in a regular traffic light. Great idea. Just below the traffic light E Ink built a small E Ink crosswalk - showing a nice usage of rugged shatterproof panels.
Jun 27, 2012
Fuji Xerox developed a color e-paper that does not use color filters
Fuji Xerox developed a new technology that enables color electrophoretic e-paper displays without using color filters. They call the new technology Independently Movalbe Color Particles (IMCP), and the idea is to use colored (Cyan, Magenta and Yellow) particle that each have a different electrophoresis threshold. Only the particles that are drawn to the front substrate can be seen. There are also white particles in between (they do not move) and so white can be displayed.
Fuji Xerox says that the new displays are brighter and have more vivid colors compared to color-filtered e-paper displays (such as E Ink's Triton panels). They have shown a 5" 600x800 (220 ppi) prototype featuring a contrast ratio of 10:1. The backplane is a-Si.
Jun 18, 2012
Wexler's Flex One flexible/bendable e-reader now shipping, on video
The Wexler Flex One flexible e-reader is now shipping in china, and we've got the first video of this exciting new device. The reader uses LG's flexible plastic based E Ink panel (6", XGA 1024x768), and in fact the whole device is made from plastic and so can be bent - and is quite shatterproof (and very light). Here's our friend Sri from E Ink demonstrating it at SID 2012:
We do not know the price of this device yet, but according to Sri the flexible E Ink panel itself is only about 10-15% more expensive than a glass based display. The major downsize is that the resolution and speed of a plastic-based display is not as good as a glass based one. I personally think this was one of the most exciting demonstrations at SID...
Jun 07, 2012
Here's a nice video showing Plastic Logic's new flexible color e-paper display:
This is taken at RUSNANO's Plastic Logic Technology Day (14th May 2012)
May 22, 2012
Plastic Logic quits the e-reader market, turns to licensing and other applications
Plastic Logic announced that they decided to quit the e-reader market, and will not produce new devices. The company will use its plastic-based flexible e-paper (E Ink) displays in other applications. The company does want to find e-reader partners and will license the technology, and will "actively develop licensing and technology partnerships to exploit its e-reader related capabilities in terms of rugged, plastic displays as well as driver and viewing optimization software.”
May 17, 2012
Bridgestone to withdraw from the e-paper business
Bridgestone announced today that it is withdrawing from the e-paper business. This is sad news for the e-paper market. Some analysts believe that tablets are killing the dedicated e-readers and that the e-paper market will drop fast. Even E Ink, the clear market leader, posted large losses in the past quarter as panel shipment dropped fast .
Bridgestone's technology (named Aerobee) was developed in partnership with Delta Electronics - who had plans to start producing medium and large ( 40" ) panels in 2012. It'll be interested to see whether Delta will withdraw from the market as well, or whether they will find another partner and continue their e-paper program.
May 15, 2012
Plastic Logic shows a flexible color plastic-based e-paper display
Plasic Logic has unveiled a new flexible e-paper prototype display. The new plastic-based display features 4,000 colors at 75 ppi. It's quite large (they say it's almost A4 in size) It is made from over 1.2 million plastic-based transistors. It can be bent without distorting the image. We're not sure how close the company is to actually produce such panels. We assume that the new display is E Ink based, but we're not sure.
May 15, 2012
