NEW Inks : Epoxy Ink : Organic Products Company
NEW Inks
WORNOW EPOXY INK -- Rubber Stamping -- ENTHONE®, formerly HYSOL®, M-Series Wornow ink is a permanent, two-component, epoxy-based marking ink. These inks may be used with a selection of catalysts which cure at elevated and/or room temperatures. When properly applied and cured, M-Series ink has excellent adhesion to glass, metal, and thermosetting plastics. M-Series is extremely resistant to acids, alkalis, solvents, chemicals, salt spray, thermal shock, and is qualified to MIL-I-43553 and AA56032. HYSOL® M-Series marking ink is used in the electronics, aerospace, automotive, appliance and decorative packing industries. Uses include the permanent marking of semiconductor components, circuit boards, connectors, dials, nameplates, panels, chassis, glass, and thermoplastics. Stocked in 10cc pack; available in BLACK, WHITE only. 6oz. is available in BLACK, WHITE, YELLOW, RED and other colors are special order. Quarts are available in BLACK, WHITE only. Send for technical information and prices.
CAT-L-INK EPOXY INK -- Silk Screening -- ENTHONE®, formerly HYSOL®, 50-000 Series Cat-L-Ink is a permanent, two component, epoxy-based, screen printing ink. These legend inks may be used with a selection of catalysts which cure at elevated and/or room temperatures. When properly applied and cured, Cat-L-Ink has excellent adhesion to glass, solder resists, plastics and metals. 50-000 Series is extremely resistant to acids, alkalies, solvents, salt spray, thermal shock, and is qualified to MIL-I-43553 and AA56032. HYSOL® 50-000 Series marking ink is used in the electronics, aerospace, automotive, appliance and decorative packing industries. Uses include the permanent marking of circuit boards, dials, nameplates, components, edge-lit panels, chassis, glass, and thermoplastics. Stocked in quart size; available in BLACK, WHITE and other colors are special order. Send for technical information and prices.
SEND for complete Catalog or Samples
Organic Products Company - PO Box 560625, Dallas, TX 75356-0625 - (972) 438-7321
Email address ~ ~
