Waste Prevention Information Exchange: Appliances
Ink and Toner Cartridges
This subtopic addresses computer and printer ink and toner cartridge reuse   and recycling. In the arena of printer cartridges, the terms reuse and   recycling are commonly used interchangeably, and thus incorrectly. For   definitions of the terms reuse and recycling , see the Waste Prevention World definition page .
If an ink or toner cartridges has been used under normal circumstances until   it is empty, it can be managed by one of the following means:
Disposing of the container in the trash, or at an appropriate solid   waste facility.
Shipping the container for reclamation or reuse.
In general, if an ink or toner cartridge contains a substance that is   hazardous, and if those substances remain in an unused or defective   ink or toner cartridge, then the cartridge must be managed as hazardous   waste when they are disposed. To learn what is in any particular ink or   toner cartridge, consult the Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) provided by   the manufacturer. (See the heading "Material Safety Data Sheets" below .) To keep things simple and to be safe, you may   manage all ink and toner cartridges that are not empty as hazardous waste. Consult your local hazardous waste agency .
Add information to the Information Exchange .
CalRecycle Publication
Have You    Gotten Charged Lately? —Describes the benefits of recycling your    used computer printer ink/toner cartridges. Includes testimonials by    California agencies, including the California Integrated Waste Management Board,    on their experience using recharged printer ink/toner cartridges.
Other Resource
Other Documents
Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) Letter —From DTSC to Hewlett Packard Inc., July 23, 1992. The relevant part of this letter    is the disposal of both empty and not empty ink cartridges if the    cartridges contained or contain a substance that is toxic, ignitable,    reactive, or corrosive, as prescribed by regulation, or is specifically    listed in the regulations as hazardous, which would classify the    substance as hazardous waste.  (PDF, 404 KB.)
Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) —Learn    what hazards might be associated with the contents of ink and toner    cartridges of the following manufacturers.  If you find    MSDSs for ink and toner cartridges of other manufacturers, please    e-mail wpinfoex@calrecycle.ca.gov ,    so they can also be posted on this page.
