On May 16, Lil Wayne is scheduled to release “Tha Carter IV,” his new album, in the United States.  All of the album’s songs, except four, have been recorded reportedly since...
lil wayne Biography
The American rapper Lil Wayne was born on September 27, 1982 in New Orleans, Louisiana as Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr. Lil Wayne became a member of Cash Money Records at the age of nine to become the label's youngest member. He was half of the pair The B.G.'z along with B.G. Lil Wayne in 1997 joined Hot Boys. The group included rappers Turk, B.G. And Juvenile. That year Hot Boys debut album called “Get It How U Live!” was released. Most of Lil Wayne's success with the group came with “Guerrilla Warfare,” their best selling album released in 1999. Lil Wayne in 1999 also released “Tha Block Is Hot,” his debut Platinum album, which sold more than one million U.S. copies.
The following two albums from Lil Wayne, 2000's “Lights Out” and 2002's “500 Degreez” weren't as successful and only reached Gold status. In 2004 Lil Wayne achieved more popularity with the release of “Tha Cater.” The set include “Go D.J.” Lil Wayne also made an appearance that year on “Soldier,” the top ten single from Destiny's Child. “Tha Carter II, a sequel of “Tha Carter,” was released in 2005. He released several mixtapes in 2006-2007 and appeared on multiple popular R&B and rap singles.
In 2008, “Tha Carter III,” Lil Wayne's most successful album, was released. It sold more than 1 million U.S. copies during its first week out and spawned “Lollipop,” a number one single. The set also won the Grammy Award as Best Rap Album. “Rebirth,” Lil Wayne's debut rock album, was released in 2010. It received mostly negative marks from the music critics, although eventually the album did go gold. Lil Wayne in March 210 began serving a prison sentence of 8 months in New York following a criminal conviction for weapons possession which stemmed from a July 2007 incident. While he was still in jail “I Am Not A Human Being” was released in September 2010. The album featured Young Money artists like Lil Twist, Nicki Minaj and Drake.
Top Events
