Post a comment
Lil Wayne has undoubtedly changed the way people listen to rap; he successfully bridged the gap between party music and gangster rap. Lil Wayne is a love or hate artist, which means you, will either love his music or hate it with a passion. Lil Wayne's hits can be heard at parties by all ethnicities and age groups. As an enjoyer of all music genres, I appreciate what Lil Wayne has done with Hip-Hop/Rap especially with his new group, Young Money. This article will list my top 10 Lil Wayne song picks, and why they made the list.
1. Fireman- Fireman, released on Tha Carter II, is undoubtedly one of the best Lil Wayne songs ever. The lyrics are fierce, the beat is catchy, and the song is one of the best flowing Lil Wayne songs released.
2. Women Lie, Men Lie- Women Lie, Men Lie was originally released on Yo Gotti's CD titled, Women Lie, Men Lie. The lyrics on this song are catchy and the talent of Yo Gotti is undeniable, but the song is made with Lil Wayne's guest appearance.
3. Ignant Sh*t- This song was released on Drake's album So Far Gone. Lil Wayne launched Drake's career and this song is easily one of the best songs on his freshman album. The lyrics are tamer than other Lil Wayne songs and the beat is steady enough to be enjoyed while hanging out or at a party.
4. Pop Bottles- Pop Bottles is a Lil Wayne and Birdman song that is one of the best early Lil Wayne songs or his career. The fierce lyrics are inappropriate, hardcore, and catchy can be enjoyed while partying.
5. I'm Goin In- I'm Goin In features Lil Wayne, Young Jeezy, and Drake and has been one of the most popular songs off Drake's album, So Far Gone. Lil Wayne opens the song with catchy rhyming lyrics that do not make much sense, but nonetheless make the song enjoyable. The best part of the song is Drakes verse, which highlights his natural rapping talent.
6. Go DJ- Go DJ was released on Tha Carter, which is an older Lil Wayne CD, but regardless, it is a timeless catchy song that is enjoyed while working out, or partying.
7. A Mili- A Mili is a love or hate song that will either be one of your favorite Lil Wayne songs or despised every time you hear it. The song can be found on Tha Carter III and has to be judged individually because it is a very different song.
8. Wasted- Lil Wayne offered his fans a free CD titled No Ceilings in 2009, and one of the biggest hits from that CD is Wasted. Wasted is a remix of Gucci Mane's song with the same title, but Lil Wayne's version is catchy and different from the original.
9. Hot Revolver- Hot Revolver is the only song that I liked from Lil Wayne's CD Rebirth, which was released in 2010. Hot revolver does not have inappropriate lyrics and has a very catch beat, which makes it a great choice for all age groups.
10. My Life- My Life is a song by The Game featuring Lil Wayne that describes the struggle of making it out of the hood, by either death, or becoming rich. The lyric "Take me away from the hood in a casket or a Bentley" sums up what the song is trying to portray. The beat is steady and slow, the lyrics are inspiring for the younger generation, and Lil Wayne's part in this song seems rehearsed unlike many of his other songs.
Sources:
