The Top 10 Songs in ... HIP-HOP AND R&B!
Molly Lambert
1. Usher, "Climax"  Usher works his falsetto as he teams up with Diplo, who outfits this post-grown and sexy jam with sad electronic growls. Taking cues from minimal techno and The Weeknd's dark down-tempo R&B, "Climax" is a quiet storm that is les...
Blog | May 22, 2012
Jordin Sparks Nails Whitney's Note at the Billboard Music Awards
Rembert Browne
The 2012 Billboard Music Awards aired last night. Many absurd things took place. "Empress of Soul" Gladys Knight presented Best Male Artist and screamed "Lil Wayne" for probably the first time in her life, Carly Rae Jepsen performed her sensation "Ca...
Blog | May 21, 2012
Must-haves for 2012's incoming freshmen
Myron Medcalf
Incoming freshmen should anticipate major adjustments at the Division I level. The players are bigger, stronger and faster.  But the uptick in competition is only part of the transition from high school to college. The 21st-century college basketba...
Blog | May 18, 2012
Mayweather's crew rolls deep with Bieber
Steve Etheridge
Canadian legend Justin Bieber has made a habit of basking in the spotlight of some of the biggest names in sports. Just two weeks ago he was phonin' it up with Bubba Watson the night of his Masters win. On Saturday he spent his night with Floyd Maywe...
Blog | May 07, 2012
Vote for DJ Steve Porter's Tebow mashup
Playbook Sounds
DJ Steve Porter's "First Take" mashup created the ultimate Tim Tebow tribute, "All He Does Is Win," which featured Skip Bayless and appearances by Stephen A. Smith, Cris Carter, John Elway, Lil Wayne, Hugh Douglas, Nelly and Hulk Hogan. The video ear...
Blog | April 26, 2012
Ranking the Guest Verses on Nicki Minaj's Roman Reloaded
Zach Dionne
I can't imagine ever choosing to listen to "Roman Holiday" again. The fact that it kicks off Nicki Minaj's alarmingly off-kilter sophomore album is a terrible omen. Much in the way Lil Wayne's Tha Carter IV became nearly immediately uninteresting, sa...
Blog | April 05, 2012
The Scott Van Pelt Show on ESPN Radio: Vote now: MC Bracket
In a dramatic turn of events, Ryen Russillo favorite Del the Funky Homosapien has taken a lead over Lil Wayne in Round 2 of the MC Bracket. Can he complete the upset? Vote early and vote often. Your vote matters. Vote now!...
Behind the Scenes at All-Star Weekend
Rembert Browne
The NBA All-Star Weekend took me back to my freshman year in high school. When you arrive on campus, you think you're the man. You dominated junior high, you had a killer summer at camp, and you've officially come into your own. The braces are off, y...
Blog | February 28, 2012
