(3)
Its not that good
I know y'all lil wayne fans are gonna hate me for this but i thought this album was terrible. Lil Wayne is the most overated rapper alive thats all i got to say. Lyrically this dude is trash spitting stupid lines like "Im rare like Mr. Clean with hair". Songs like Tie My Hands shows me that the dude has alot of potential and i mean alot but to be saying stuff like he's the greatest rapper alive he's being ahead of himself. If you're a weezy fan im sure you'll love it but if you're into real hip hop go and get Rza's album Digi Snacks or Immortal Technique's The 3rd World
By Christian (Elmhurst,NY,USA)
(1)
Garbage.
Lil Wayne thinks he's on the same level as 2pac, Biggie, and the whole Wu-tang, but in reality he's trash, he's more on the level of soulja boy and hurricane chris.
By  cczar_56  (Fullerton, CA, USA)
(1)
(0)
On his own level...
Wayne is on his own level.  He's been my fav. since he was 14 years old.  He's on his own level, now more than ever.  This album is real different and if your hopin for a album similar to what Carter 1 and 2 offer than your not gonna feel this album.  He's stepped out on his own thing, doin him and something new.  He should be called the Jim Morrison of rap, dude talks about some outlandish ish.  I really enjoy the new feel but I cant lie, I miss the G ish that Wayne runs.  Either way cop this album, it is a classic, just different than his other offerings, different than anybody else out there.  Hip Hop is not dead, Wayne is alive!
By SIN (Victoria, BC, Canada)
(4)
(3)
Not Real, childish, ignorant, and much more.
I'm sorry to break it to everyone that believes lil wayne is "the best rapper alive". He isnt talking about REAL life! He doesn't talk about anything worth listening to. Go to that search bar up there and look up Immortal Technique or Dead Prez some of the sickest rhymes you'll ever hear.
By  gaboonviper  (The City)
Have you heard this album?
Tha Carter III - Explicit Version songs Product Details
Label
