Post Your Review or Discussion
Review by e873 Jun 05, 2011
The following incident made me write this review.  While in my car I decided to turn off the CD player and listen to the radio.  I scroll through the presets to a hip hop station, not some middle America subversion, but a real "Chocolate City" station only to hear Lil Wayne.  You can't blame them for playing his music.  He is popular, but why? Because now most artists, producers, labels, broadcasters and fans care more about "the game" than the culture.  I turned the radio off and listened to the traffic.
Lil Wayne epitomizes everything that is wrong with rap music.  No talent, no creativity, no heart...  "But he can play guitar and create beats, blah, blah" some may counter.  So what!  I'd rather listen to a real lyricist like Rakim flow over a $10 Casio.  That is what the MC'ing element is all about, delivering creative lyrics. Look at his discography.  Why does nearly every track have a featured vocalist?  Because he couldn't carry even 4 bars if they had handles with sticky tape.  So what if he has the voice of an 8-year-old asthmatic.  We'll autotune that shit.  As much as I disliked Biggie's voice and lack of breath control, I'll take it any day over Lil Wayne or any other autotuned garbage.
I have to disagree with irionman's review where he says in 5-10 years no one will give a damn about Lil Wayne.  In 5-10 years he will be killed or die of a drug overdose and the masses will hail him as one of the 3 greatest rappers ever, after 2Pac and B.I.G.  How sad.
helpful                 (3) Reply report notify me
Review by DotChannel May 04, 2010
Back in the 1960s hip hop was created by the legendary DJ Kool Herc. From the 1960s into the 70s, hip hop remained underground and was only known to those who attended Kool Herc's parties. The genre started to grow when groups such as the Sugarhill Gang and Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five came around. Hip hop was born. Soon other artists such as Afrika Bambaataa and others came along. Hip hop was growing into a strong beautiful community where everyone was friends, got along, and worked together. Hip hop was not just a genre, it was a friendship. In 1982, the Old School of hip hop ended.
Hip hop was still alive and well however, in 1983 it was the "New School" of hip hop. Groups such as RUN-D.M.C. and LL Cool J emerged, and many more. The New School went on from '83 until '84. Then comes the Golden Age of hip hop. Many artists such as De La Soul, Kool G Rap, A Tribe Called Quest, and Eric B. & Rakim emerged through the Golden Age producing some of the greatest rap records of all time, which still remain the greatest to this day. All the hip hop artists were just one big family, new school, old school, golden age, whatever it be. They were all a family. A family that worked together. The Golden Age ended around 1999.
In 1999, something wrong happened, artists such as Lil Wayne and Juvenile started making records. Lil Wayne released his debut 'The Block is Hot' during this year, Juvenile supported this process. The quality in hip hop started to go down. The year 2000 came along...and the family was broken. Now artists such Lil Wayne and New Boyz and others grace the covers of Vibe and The Source magazines. Some say hip hop is dead, others say it just went underground. Whatever it is, something really bad happened to hip hop.
People don't know the truth about hip hop anymore. People have even started saying "rap sucks" and labeling the genre by its current surface. Many real hip hop fans try to tell the truth to these people but none of them believe. Will hip hop make a comeback? That's for us to do, and us to do only.
helpful                 (7) Reply report notify me 1 reply
irionman Dec 01, 2009
Let it be known, I don't like rap. Well, that's not always true. I do enjoy REAL rap, or "REAL" hip hop. I do not, however, enjoy this garbage. Lil Wayne prances around for the fame, for the attention, not for the love of the music. He's gotten so full of himself, that he has even started to make up certain terms and words to describe the stuff he does. Granted, a lot of artists do that, but then again, do any of those artists even half way respect the genre they are helping to mold? Just take a look at some of the music videos Lil Wayne has put out recently. He covers them with half naked girls, some type of "pimped" out car, and the occasional(?) drug reference. The avid followers of this artist, when asked why they listen to his stuff, can never come up with a solid educated answer. It's always something like "I like the beat", or "his words are truth" or some other psychotic mess. All in all, this guy is to rap what a bar of chocolax is to a human. (Do that one out in your head folks) Give it 5 or 10 years, no one will give a damn about this artist anymore.
What happened to the true rappers? To the actual roots of hip-hop? I have no clue, but if this is what it is going to continue to evolve into, you can count me out of it.
