Pin It
Fathead Makes A Great Gift: If you know someone who is a Lil Wayne fan and you’re looking for the right music gift, Fathead has the perfect present. Give that certain someone this Lil Wayne for their birthday, graduation, holidays or just because. This Lil Wayne gift is one that a music fan will always remember.
About Lil Wayne: Lil Wayne was a member of The Hot Boys that began in 1997. In 1999, he debuted his solo album, "Tha Block Is Hot".
Platinum Albums: In addition to "Tha Block Is Hot", other multi-platinum albums include, "Tha Carter II" (2005) and "Tha Carter III" (2008).
Chart Topping Hits: Lil Wayne has had 40 songs in the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100. Some of the top songs include, "Lollipop", "A Milli", "Got Money", "Mrs. Officer" and "Prom Queen". Lil Wayne has also had many other collaboration singles that have been hits.
Fathead Music Roster: Express your passion for your favorite Live Nation music artists with a genuine Fathead Wall Graphic! Music posters are boring and Lil Wayne decals are small. There is no better way to show you're a Real.Big. fan of one of America's favorite rappers than with this Lil Wayne Real.Big. Fathead. Because it's a Fathead, it is so easy to put up and you can move it and reuse it anytime without damaging your walls. Why buy a Lil Wayne Poster when you can have a Lil Wayne Fathead Wall Graphic.
What Is A Fathead?: Fathead is Huge! Real.Big. Fathead wall graphics are life-size action images that you stick on any smooth surface. You can move them and reuse them and they are safe for walls. Fathead wall graphics are way better than a poster, much bigger than a sticker and tougher than a decal. Choose from hundreds of licensed sports and entertainment images. You can also get a custom Fathead! Upload your photos to make your own Fathead using our Fathead customizer. Need decorating ideas? Need to find a unique gift? Need ideas for party decorating? Need to decorate a den, office, kid's room? Fathead has you covered! Great for party planners, wedding planners, interior designers, decorators, sports enthusiasts, and fans of all ages! A fathead can transform an entire room in a fraction of the time, and cost of painting or wallpapering.
The Lil Wayne Fathead: For anyone looking for a Lil Wayne poster welcome to the Lil Wayne Fathead. There’s a world of difference, when did a Lil Wayne poster jump off the wall at you and look so authentic?! And look at all the FREE Fathead extras you get – you can do a whole room with a Lil Wayne Fathead! The same thing goes for Lil Wayne stickers and Lil Wayne decals – they just don’t measure up. A Fathead has magnitude and attitude and you can move it and reuse it. It's tough, but it won't hurt your wall. And you’ll really get it the first time you hear someone say, “WOW! So that’s a Fathead! It’s huge! I love it!”
What It's Made Of: This REAL.BIG. Fathead Wall Graphic is a high definition image made of tough high-grade vinyl that's tear and fade resistant, so you can be assured your eye catching Fathead will stay strong. And if the thought of taking down your Fathead makes you want to cry, don't worry, because it uses a low-tack adhesive that can be moved and reused without any damage to your wall.   As if it couldn't get any better, your Fathead comes with free separate smaller images (made of the same stuff) to go with your awesome new wall graphic. You can stick ‘em near your REAL.BIG. or use ‘em to decorate another space.
Suggested Uses: We know once you've got your brand new, authentic Fathead, you'll be so excited that you'll want to stick it to the first wall you see. But stop for a just a few minutes and make sure you apply it to a clean, smooth, interior surface, because your Fathead loves them and you'll love the way it sticks. We recommend putting it somewhere where everyone can see it since there's no better way to tell everyone you're a fan. Real.Big. Fatheads are perfect for transforming person caves, basements, family rooms, TV rooms, bedrooms, workout rooms, offices or any other interior area with a smooth, clean surface. Need to decorate for a party or get together? Fatheads are the ultimate companion for watching the big game or as decorations for a theme party.
Where Not To Stick It: So we've told you where to put your Fathead but we haven't told you where not to. For those curious folks who may want to try to stick their Real.Big. Fathead in clever places like on the sidewalk or on your Dad's car, you may want to rethink your decorating because to be honest, it won't stick or stay for very long. Fatheads do not like textured or bumpy surfaces. When we say you should put it on an interior surface, we don't recommend putting it in your garage unless you have one of those fancy, finished, heated garages. Fatheads don't like the cold, but who would want to leave their poor Fathead in the cold anyway? Lastly, you don't want your Fathead to stick to itself, let's just put it this way, your Fathead will not let go without a fight. The best way to prevent this is to grab a friend or two have them help you put up your Fathead and then you get to show it off that much sooner.
REVIEW SNAPSHOT®
