Home / People / Musicians
Lil Wayne (full name Dwayne Michael Carter Jr.) was born on September 27, 1982, in New Orleans. After shifting to Eastern New Orleans, he developed a love for rap and performed in several small events.
He was introduced to Cash Money and featured with them on the album True Story of 1995 following a recovery from a gunshot. After the B.z broke up, he teamed up with the Hot Boys. The group released the albums Get It How You Live and Guerrila Warfare which gave them a recognisable fan base.
Lil Wayne decided to pursue a solo career and released the album The Block is Hot in 1999. The album received double platinum status and he got the Best New Artist award at Source Awards. His next two albums, Lights Out and 500 Degreez attained gold status. He also featured with other artists for
tracks like 1 Stunna and Neva Get Enuf.
In 2004, the release of the album The Carter brought him new acclamations. After that, he released sequels of The Carter in 2005 and in 2008 with tracks like Best Rapper Alive and Fireman. At the same time, he featured with other artists to make songs like Tell Me and Soldier.
Lil Wayne was arrested in January 2008 with four charges which included drug-related charges as well. He pleaded not guilty in May. 5 months later, in June 2008, the third instalment of Carter, named Tha Carter III was released. With the track Lollipop, the album attained double platinum status.
Why is he famous?
Lil Wayne is famous as a rap singer whose discography includes albums like The Block is Hot and The Carter. His recent hit track Lollipop brought him a new wave of positive reviews from fans and critics alike.
Here is one of his famous quotes:
"I think I'm a better MC than anybody who's an MC. I don't think I'm a better MC than anybody who was an MC."
- Lil Wayne
- 5' 5''  (166 cm) height.
Lil dated Ciara Harris and amongst other famous relationships was Solange Knowles-Smith.
Feel free to express your opinion about this celebrity in the comments section below.
If you know any important piece of information or "juicy gossip" which you would like to share with everyone don't hesitate to post it too!
Lil Wayne Lists
