John Shearer/WireImage.com More Lil Wayne pics
Why is He famous
Lil Wayne is the self-proclaimed "Best Rapper Alive.” You've heard him rapping as part of the Hot Boys, shooting verses as a solo artist and appearing as a guest performer for artists like Destiny's Child and Birdman .
Lil Wayne Quote
" I think I’m a better MC than anybody who’s an MC. I don’t think I’m a better MC than anybody who was an MC."
75 Magnetism
Lil Wayne's potent lyrics and recent arrests make him prime bad boy material for the ladies. Initially, he was married to his high school girlfriend, Antonia Johnson, which led to a daughter and a divorce. Since then, he's had a number of high-profile relationships and engagements. Rapper Trina was one such lucky lady. Same goes for actress and model Lauren London and fashion expert Christine Lawbaugh, who were both reportedly engaged to Lil Wayne.  
Lil Wayne is definitely drawn to women who could be described as trouble. However, he respects and appreciates a woman who will bring a lot of life experiences into their relationship. He's also not one for selling himself short in any relationship -- ask him and he'll tell you that he's probably the best guy that any woman will ever be with.
70 Success
With rap legends like Jay-Z on their way out of the game, Lil Wayne ain't so little anymore. Originally a member of Hot Boys, Lil Wayne participated in three albums before moving on as a solo artist. With seven studio albums, including the triple threat Tha Carter, Tha Carter II and 2008's Tha Carter III, Lil Wayne earned the title of "Best Rapper Alive" from MTV. He's also traded lyrics with artists like Fat Joe and Lloyd through collaborations.
Lil Wayne has also found success by in other entertainment endeavors outside of rap performances. He served as the president of the Cash Money record label before creating Young Money Entertainment on his own. Lil Wayne has also tried acting, with a role as himself in the big-screen comedy Who's Your Caddy, and on TV shows The Boondocks and Access Granted.  
Lil Wayne Biography
Dwayne Michael Carter Jr., later known as Lil Wayne, was born on September 27, 1982, in New Orleans, Louisiana. The son of Jacinda Carter and Dwayne Michael Turner, Lil Wayne wasn't able to maintain a relationship with his father, but his stepfather Reginald influenced Lil Wayne's career by moving him to Eastern New Orleans, where he took up an interest in rap music. Starting out as a block party performer, Lil Wayne gained a reputation and was introduced to Lil Slim, a rapper for Cash Money. After an accidental gunshot wound left Lil Wayne on life support, he rebounded and signed a contract at Cash Money to join The B.G.'z for the 1995 album True Story.
The B.G.'z were short-lived and, two years later, Lil Wayne joined the Hot Boys, with fellow young stars Turk, B.G. and Juvenile, and released Get It How You Live. A formidable fan base was formed in the southern areas of the country and, in 1998, the group released Guerrilla Warfare through Universal Music, which proved to be a strong platinum seller. It was also a sign for Lil Wayne to go solo.
lil wayne releases the block is hot    
Continuing with Cash Money, Lil Wayne went solo in 1999 for the album The Block Is Hot. Although it featured contributions from his old Hot Boys mates, Lil Wayne was the driving force, and the album hit a peak at No. 3 on the Billboard charts, selling double platinum. The title song proved to be the album's biggest hit, and Lil Wayne got his first taste of critical recognition when he was nominated for Best New Artist at the Source Awards.
Lil Wayne went on to release two albums as follow-ups to Block -- 2000's Lights Out and 2002's 500 Degreez. These albums both reached gold status, but they were unable to match the success of his debut solo album. Even so, Lil Wayne did find time to collaborate with Big Tymers and Juvenile for the Top 30 R&B single "#1 Stunna" and with 3LW for the track "Neva Get Enuf".   
lil wayne releases tha carter - tha carter iii
2004 marked a new musical beginning for Lil Wayne as well as a new look. His new look was based on dreadlocks and his new music came from the smash album The Carter. Using rap music as a means to describe his lifestyle inside his spacious mansion, Lil Wayne rapped his way to the Top 5 with the album's best-selling single, "Go DJ.” He was also included on a mixed tape related to Jay-Z's The Black Album, on which he called himself "the best rapper alive,” a statement that seemed brash but that would soon stick.  
In the last few years, Lil Wayne has enjoyed continued fame and success, thanks to the follow-up Carter albums that were released in 2005 and 2008. The 2005 installment featured the hit single "Fireman" and a song aptly titled "Best Rapper Alive.” He also made time for collaborations, including "Soldier" with Destiny's Child, a "Tell Me" remix of Bobby Valentino and an album with Birdman.
In January 2008, Lil Wayne, along with two others, were arrested, and Lil Wayne was charged with four felonies after several different types of drugs as well as cash was found on his tour bus. In May he plead not guilty to the charges.
In June 2008, Lil Wayne released Tha Carter III, which included the hit song "Lollipop," which topped the Billboard Hot 100. Nine weeks after the album's release it went double-platinum.
