Post a comment
Lil Wayne has been shot. Again. Some reports are saying he was killed. Again. Lil Wayne keeps getting shot far too often. If he keeps getting shot, Lil Wayne is going to have as many bullet scars as 50 Cent. It is simply amazing how much gunplay exists around this man. If Lil Wayne continues to get shot on a regular basis, Lil Wayne is going to give rap music a bad name.
Unfortunately for his street cred, however, Lil Wayne was not shot Sunday. Nor was he shot Saturday or Friday. In fact, he hasn't been shot at all, except through the blogosphere, which probably isn't as painful as literally being shot through a body part.
But Lil Wayne was rumored to have been shot and killed in a gang feud back in November 2008 as well after appearing on "Saturday Night Live," according to BuddyTV.com . It seems that the rumor had him falling victim to the ever-ongoing war between the Bloods and the Crips. But it was just that, a rumor that had no basis in reality. Either that or Lil Wayne's ghost performed in Atlanta on New Year's Eve, a show that was too risqué for CNN to air a second live performance that was scheduled.
And it is a rumor that looks suspiciously similar to the one in November, paraphrased in a hundred different ways, that seems to have everyone surfing the internet looking for proof that Lil Wayne has indeed been shot. Perhaps someone is trying to cash in on the Tupac and Biggie Smalls faked death conspiracy theories and place Lil Wayne amongst the hallowed names of rap in some kind of resurrection scenario.
Lil Wayne's next album is entitled "Rebirth," so...
To clarify, it is true that Lil Wayne has been shot, just not recently He accidentally shot himself with a .44 calibre pistol in the chest when he was 12 years old.
He didn't die then, either...
Although it is sometimes unfortunately true that rappers tend to die young and suddenly -- and sometimes by violence at the end of a gun -- Lil Wayne has as yet not joined the ranks of the recently departed, shot or otherwise. Part of the confusion this time around might come from the song "Shoot Me Down," which can be found on the "Tha Carter III" album. An ode unto his fame, Lil Wayne blends rap culture with social commentary to make an effective plea against all his haters and anyone else that might want to shoot him (or any man) down. He's just a man looking to grow his fan base. Pure double entendre, the song works.
And it just might be the googling of "Shoot Me Down," perhaps for the lyrics, and the inadvertent dropping of an 'o' that gets the "Lil Wayne shot" rumor mill grinding again, that keeps "Lil Wayne shot" popping up. Throw in the occasional story -- like this one -- that uses "Lil Wayne shot" in the title, not too mention those who get some kind of power-trip-thrill out of anonymously starting a rumor that "everyone" will want to see, and you soon have millions of people searching the internet to see if Lil Wayne, at least this time around, has actually been shot (and killed).
But he hasn't.
And now this rumor can go to rest for a few more months and let Miley Cyrus or Britney Spears die. Again.
******
