While Lil Wayne tickets are not available, you might be interested in these similar artists:  Jay-Z tickets , Nicki Minaj tickets , E-40 tickets , Pitbull tickets , Kanye West tickets .
Lil Wayne Concert Tickets
Tha Carter IV Drops Post VMAs
Lil Wayne has taken 2011 by the numbers as his Lil Wayne tour has sold more tickets than any other hip hop tour this year! Lil Wayne aka "Weezy" is an icon in the R&B genre and his live concerts are among the best around. His latest album Tha Carter IV dropped after the VMAs and fans are already saying Lil Tunechi is in rare form. Lil Wayne continues to climb the charts as one of the most legendary hip hop artists the world has seen. Get swept up in one of his incredible live performances. Lil Wayne tickets are a must have for those hip hop and R&B lovers so get hold of yours and see him live in a city near you!
Lil Wayne and Drake to Release Joint Album
Lil Wayne and Drake are collaborating on a new album and from the early sounds of it, it might be the hardest collaboration in the game right now.  With The Carter IV dropping on August 29th and Drake's Take Care being released on October 24th, it looks like fans will have to wait a little longer for the album.  Regardelss, they can catch Lil Wayne concerts on the I Am Music II tour now.
Lil Wayne I Am Music II Tour
Just months after his release from jail, Lil Wayne is going on tour again and Lil Wayne tickets are in high demand! With audiences having to wait more than a year to see Lil Wayne in concert, his I Am Music II Tour with Nicki Minaj is going to be among the biggest of the year. It's been a long time since a full Lil Wayne concert tour, so if you're a fan now is your chance. Check out all the I Am Music II Tour tickets and see the hottest act in music live and in person!
Lil Wayne Is Music
One of the biggest tours of 2009 was Lil Wayne's I Am Music tour, which saw him go all over the country putting on his legendary performances. He followed that up by teaming up with the rest of the Cash Money clique for the America's Most Wanted Music Festival. It was is definitely some off the hook stuff, so if you didn't make it out keep an eye out for Lil Wayne tickets so that you can see it all. Seeing Lil Wayne is awesome enough, but when you talk about Weezy teaming up with artists like Soulja Boy , Young Jeezy and even Drake , you've got a recipe for the best kind of disaster. So if you weren't able to get Most Wanted Festival tickets, now you have a second chance to see Lil Wayne live on tour!
Get your Lil Wayne tickets now to see perhaps the best rapper out there live and in person. Lil Wayne has maintained a reputation of one of the most talented MCs to ever come around, and his shows are nothing short of spectacular. If you think Lil Wayne sounds good one your stereo, wait 'till you hear him take over an audience like only Lil Wayne can. Not only is he one of the most respected artists by his peers, Lil Wayne has also garnered tons of accolades from critics. MTV named him the "Hottest MC in the Game," while The New Yorker named him "Rapper of the Year, " in 2008 Blender named him "Best Rock Star Alive," Rolling Stone named him the "Best MC," and he was named the "Best new Artist" by The Source Magazine. His albums sales backup his stature as one of the industry's biggest stars, as Tha Carter III was certified double-platinum and the single Lollipop reached #1 on the Billboard lists. If you want to see a rapper's rapper perform live, don't wait and get your Lil Wayne tickets today.
If you are interested in Lil Wayne tickets, you might want to check out out Hip Hop tickets page to see what else is available. Kanye West tickets are always a big seller, and TI tickets seem to be the talk of the town. You can never go wrong with The Roots , and even British rapper The Streets seems to have a growing number of American fans. While Lil Wayne may be the hottest rapper right now, there are plenty of other great hip hop tours out there, so check out who is in your neighborhood today!
 Other Popular Events
