Sun, Jun 24, 2012 by Danny M 49
Tyga brought out Lil Wayne to perform “Faded” and “The Motto” live at Power 106′s 2012 PowerHouse concert at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California on June 23rd. Weezy came out for his verse on “Faded“, but I think he might have forgot the lyrics because he didn’t rap it, he was just jumping around on stage haha.
T-Raw and Wayne did end up performing “Faded” again from the beginning, this time with no mistakes. Also, just before Tune exited the stage, he showed off a new dance he calls the “Chris Bosh Dance”
Sat, Jun 23, 2012 by Danny M 28
In the video above, Lil Wayne explains his latest skateboarding injury to MTV backstage after his performance at Hot 107.9′s 2012 Birthday Bash in Atlanta, Georgia on June 16th.
“I broke my clavicle, like, two months ago. What happened was, I didn’t go to the doctor when I broke it, so it healed on its own. Whenever you let a break heal on its own, it don’t heal right, so I got a lot of bone callouses around it.”
“So this tape keeps my bone from popping out of my skin,” Wayne said, pointing to his shoulder with a childlike grin. “It’s fun.”
Weezy previously showed us a bone sticking out of his shoulder on set of the “Pop That” video shoot on Memorial Day Weekend.
Fri, Jun 22, 2012 by Danny M 98
Last year, Lil Wayne said he would not work on a song with Justin Bieber, but it looks like things have changed. Bieber told Fuse that he has collaborated with Weezy on a track called “Backpack“, which will be released on the repackage of his Believe album. Justin also spoke about his collaboration with Wayne‘s Young Money artist, Nicki Minaj, on “ Beauty And A Beat ” and hoping to shoot a music video for it.
Are you excited to hear the Biebs and Tunechi collabo
Next Entries »
Welcome to LilWayneHQ.com
We are the #1 source for Weezy F Baby fans! We give you the latest news, music, pictures, videos, downloads and plenty more stuff on the Best Rapper Alive. Don't forget to bookmark us and check out the pages at the top.
Social Networks
