Lil' Wayne
in Relationships
He is not easily moved by emotional displays and can be curiously detached from his own emotions and those of others.  It is almost as if he could turn his feelings on and off at will; Lil' Wayne should be careful not to leave the switch "off" too often, for he could easily become too impersonal.  Family relationships and attachments are not as important to him as they are to most people and Dwayne Carter often considers his friends closer to him than his blood relatives.  Certainly, Dwayne Carter's sympathy and concern extends much beyond his immediate family.  In his personal relationships, Lil' Wayne insists upon a certain amount of independence and the freedom to pursue friendships with as many people, of both sexes, as he chooses.  Lil' Wayne does not appreciate a jealous, possessive partner.
Lil' Wayne feels comfortable in an atmosphere that is open and experimental, and he has little taste for convention and tradition.
He is likely to be a great collector of things - a real pack rat in fact - for his belongings give Lil' Wayne a sense of security and continuity with the past, which is important to him.  Antiques or things with sentimental value from Lil' Wayne's past are especially dear to him.
Lil' Wayne may also cling rather tightly to money and possessions, keeping them "in the family" rather than sharing freely with those outside of his immediate circle.
Dwayne Carter is rambunctious and a little rowdy at times, and he enjoys sharing this kind of energy with his friends.  Making noise, cheering at a football game, or even getting into a friendly fight all seem like a good time to him.  In fact, Lil' Wayne needs to do these things or otherwise he gets crabby.
His emotional attitudes and instincts tend to be quite liberal.  Lil' Wayne does not want to be caged or dictated to, and he feels everyone is entitled to do as they please in their personal and emotional affairs.  Dwayne Carter tends to surround himself with people who are unusual, creative, open-minded, unpredictable, restless, and changeable, and his relationships, with women in particular, may be somewhat unstable as a result.  However, Lil' Wayne enjoys an element of surprise and unpredictability.
He is quietly devoted and faithful to his loved ones and often becomes subservient to his love partner.  Lil' Wayne is more comfortable showing his love by doing or making something for his loved one, or simply being there for her, rather than by making any romantic, soul-stirring declarations.  He is timid about expressing too much sentiment or emotion.  Lil' Wayne also underestimates his attractiveness and lovability and doubts his own worthiness of love and appreciation.
Promoting beauty, the arts, or entertainment can make Lil' Wayne very happy.  Lil' Wayne wants to contribute something positive and loving to the world at large and he wants to be recognized for his beauty, artistic gifts, or loving generosity.  Lil' Wayne may "marry" his work - that is, being more involved in his career than in his private life.  Dwayne Carter is a natural host or diplomat.
Lil' Wayne has a very romantic, idealistic vision of love relationships and may be disillusioned to discover that no real, flesh-and-blood human being ever quite lives up to his dream image of the "perfect love".  Though Lil' Wayne frequently fantasizes about love and romance - he may avoid becoming intimately involved with anyone or making definite commitments.  When it comes to love, Dwayne Carter can be evasive and dishonest with himself and others.  Some of Dwayne Carter's love yearnings may be expressed through art, music or an involvement with mysticism.
Lil' Wayne treats others in an agreeable, affectionate and tactful way and freely shows his affection for them.  His circle of friends is likely to be large and Dwayne Carter strives for the development of a strong community spirit.
Astrological factors in this Astro Profile section:
Moon in Aquarius
