Lil Wayne
Biography
Lil Wayne, an established rapper, started his standout career as a member of the band called Hot Boys, a short-lived, yet quite a memorable ensemble. He was born as Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. In New Orleans, Louisiana. As a teenager, he took up the Lil Wayne stage name and established nice connections in the show business circles, including the management of the Cash Money Records company. This very label released in 1997 Get It How U Live!, an album recorded by Hot Boys with the lineup uniting Juvenile, B.G., Turk, and Lil himself. At that time, the latter was only eighteen years old and appeared the youngest member of the group.
Several months after the 1999 release of the second Hot Boys long player under the title Guerrilla Warfare, the market offered Lil’s debut studio effort called Tha Block Is Hot. This work received the double platinum status with the title entering Top Yen. It was, probably, the unexpected and soon success that confused the young artist, which eventually motivated him to hasten too much and make up the far worse subsequent albums, Lights Out (2000), and 500 Degreez (2002). By that time, it was clear that the end of Hot Boys was very near, which prompted Lil Wayne to get focused on his solo career. However, with the failures of the last two releases in him mind, he froze the finishing if his fourth album and issued a 2003 mixtape called  Da Drought.
A year later, the rapper’s new long-play arrived being named Tha Carter. This work marked the beginning of another ear in his career. Lil said farewell to the image of a light-minded and self-assured kid, paid much more attention to the arranging of the record and wrote lyrics with considerably more serious and profound verses. As a result, Tha Carter reached number five in the list of the best releases, while its composition Go DJ is still considered by many the artist’s best song made ever since. Another significant event in Lil’s life that happened in 2002 was his participation in a separate big project. It was his singing along with Destiny's Child in their hot song Soldier.
Lil Wayne’s cooperation with other musicians remarkably strengthened his reputation, yet he never forgot to work hard on his own records. In 2006, he presented his new full-length effort that was called Tha Carter, Vol. 2. This studio work was not only highly appraised by the majority of critics, but also appeared a very nice seller. In 2007, Lil Wayne reported the steal of a number of his songs stored for the follow-up album. Shortly afterwards, they were posted online, which was replied by the release of the rapper’s official EP, The Leak. In a year, this mini-record was announced a bonus addition to the limitedly issued long player under the title Tha Carter III. It took the new record only a week to sell over a million copies. In a month, this number was twice bigger. Lil’s fans were particularly happy with his hits A Milli, and Lollipop. Both received a heavy airplay from the world’s leading radio stations, one of the main reasons for Tha Carter III being one of the biggest events in the hip-hop industry in 2008. In 2010 Lil Wayne released his new record titled Rebirth. The musician did not make his fans wait for his following work for a long time: Lil’s eight long play I Am Not A Human Being appeared in 2010 and it was really well received both by listeners and numerous experts. Definitely, the artist has a lot of fresh ideas, and the strong album I Am Not A Human Being is a best proof of that.
