By Adriana N.
Lil Wayne is an American Grammy Award-winning rapper who became one of the top-selling artists in late 2000. Also known as "Weezy Baby" he is one of the most talented, controversial, and famous rappers in the world. His freestyle abilities in singing, his unique songs, fantastic lyrics, and rhythmic hip-hop have made him a celebrated rapper.
Lil Wayne was born Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr. on September 27, 1982. He grew up in the Hollygrove neighborhood of New Orleans, Louisiana. In a CBS interview with Katie Couric, Wayne described why he uses the name of "Wayne" instead of his birth name, Dwayne. He explained, "I dropped the D because I'm a junior and my father is living and he's not in my life and he's never been in my life. So I don't want to be Dwayne, I'd rather be Wayne." Katie Couric asked Wayne if his father knew and Wayne replied, "He knows now."
Lil Wayne's biological father left him when he was just a baby. He did have a stepfather who died when he was young. Lil Wayne found a father figure in Cash Money millionaire Birdman (aka Baby) who took him under his wing. He recorded freestyle raps on Birdman's answering machine to get his attention. Lil Wayne calls Birdman "daddy" because he mentored him since the age of 11. Birdman was the one who brought him into the rap world. He would eventually help Lil Wayne launch his rap career.
Lil Wayne began rapping at block parties when he was a child. He wrote his first rap song at age 8. He began his career as a member of rap group, The Hot Boys, but he is especially known for his stellar solo career. His solo debut, "Tha Block is Hot," went double platinum. His career surged with the release of 2008's "Tha Carter III." The album featured several hits including "A Milli," "Mr. Carter" and "Lollipop." In 2005, "Tha Carter" was followed by "Tha Carter II". It sold over 200,000 copies during the first week. Wayne then became the president of Cash Money Enterprises and during that same year he founded Young Money Entertainment. By 2007, he handed over his responsibilities of the companies. He began to work on his next album but four tracks were leaked, and as a result, he released a short-term album by the name of "The Leak" and followed it up with his original album, "Tha Carter III". The album was a hit selling over a million copies in its first week. In 2008, He was the frontrunner in Grammy nominees, with eight nominations.
Lil Wayne has two children. His first child, Reginae Carter, was born when he was a teenager with high school girlfriend Antonia "Toya" Carter. Carter and Lil Wayne married on Valentines Day of 2004 and divorced in 2006. On October 22, 2008, his son, Dwayne Carter III, was born at Christ Hospital in Cincinnati. He had his third child with actress, Lauren London.
Fans are sure to see more from this American Grammy Award-winning rap star known as Lil Wayne.
Information Source: wikipedia.org/Lil_Wayne
Looking for the most popular music videos online ? Come check out the largest collection of music videos online featuring all of the most popular artists and bands including Eminem, Akon, Lil Wayne and many others!
