Reviews about Lil' Wayne songs
The Realest Niggas in The Fucking Game Right Now | Reviewer: Bric Mayco
    ------ About the song Maybe She Will performed by Lil' Wayne
Love the hard drum line that pervades this smokey instrumental..  Its a perfect canvas for Weezy and Drake to tell their usual tales about screwing women as anologies to real life.
"I like my chick head south and her ass north"
"Karma is a bitch but just make sure that bitch is beautiful"
"I jump up on that dick and do a full split"
Knockout <3 | Reviewer: STACY
    ------ About the song Knockout performed by Lil' Wayne
wow datt ass sickk witt nickii minajj ii luvv yuhh ndd nicki haha noo homo butt dahh songg ehss dopee ii luvv all yuhrr songss ndd nici's damm watt kann ii sayy daree all dopee lykk nightmaress ovv dahh bottomm datt onee' ehss sickk' yuhrr ritee' noo oness outt daree obovee yuhhr beltt I LUVV YUHH <3
a softer side | Reviewer: molli
    ------ About the song How to love performed by Lil' Wayne
I think this song is so beautiful. it had such an impact on me the first time I heard it, I think mostly because it came from weezy. who's always been such a harda$$ in his songs but it seems he's tripped & fallen in love :))
Suck Dick Like a Lollipop | Reviewer: Chris Lin
    ------ About the song Lollipop performed by Lil' Wayne
This song is about fellatio! WTF. A low class song to listen to while you're jerking off or f**king at the pimp's house. Yeah, call 'em to make it more juicy for ya while ya touch that girl's lump. LOL. Grossest song I'd ever listened to.
dope | Reviewer: Anonymous
    ------ About the song BM J.R. performed by Lil' Wayne
this shit is honestly one of my top 10 favorites of all time. Wayne doesnt always produce like this these days, but this shit from tha carter shows how hard and innovative his music was back in the day. His flow is unreal, his vibe is unmatched, no other rapper could spit these verses the way wayne spits them, readin its not the same. just one of the illest. and ya he raps about hustlin but that doesnt mean the shit aint deep. wayne makes it real which is whats tight
think about | Reviewer: shay
    ------ About the song Georgia... Bush performed by Lil' Wayne
i agree with the others. it wasnt bush fault.. he really dont have to much power . he shouldve wrote georgia governer... and get over that event ..they knew what was going on...instead of trying to be all down for your town they shouldve left and use common sense..guess they forgot to use it
ali_khalid favorite song | Reviewer: SHENALI
    ------ About the song Lollipop performed by Lil' Wayne
this song dedicated to ali and kuya khalid the rock brothers they love this song and i can see to them the happy face if they are dancing while singing this song they have fun with this music i love them ali and kuya khalid i miss both of u
Love choo weezzyy | Reviewer: Ally
    ------ About the song Lollipop performed by Lil' Wayne
First id like 2 say i am an 11 yr old chick and love lil wayne his a fukin legend!! Lil wayne has a couple of times made me cry at skl wen listen to him on the comps my friends are like wtf they dont understand my passion and love for lil wayne since not many aussie 11 /12yr olds like wayne for sum reson? but i love him soo much his the best rapper really hot and cute and love his lyrics he is just the best eva!! ally xx
lil gainst | Reviewer: frog
    ------ About the song Fly In performed by Lil' Wayne
Wuz up lil wanye.My name is frog,but they call me lil ganist.Fly in is a hard song. You is my favorite rapper.Everybody like you.No hommo!Boy you are so lucky.You go with nicki minaj.Boy she is the hotest chick in the world.She is better than trina.My number is 765 3340.Oh yeh i know how to rap.You should check me out. peace man!
messed up lyrics | Reviewer: daddybigballs
    ------ About the song Die For You performed by Lil' Wayne
what's with these incorrect lyrics. i submitted the correct ones like a week ago, and they still haven't changed em. here's an example:
Ayyy and I'd of cried to see you with another
To see you with another to win your life
what the fuck does that mean??? it makes no sense and is just retarded. here's another example
I'll cry, until you see an ocean
I'm sinking to the ocean's floor
To many miles
I'd die here to see you with another
To see you with another
To be in your life
that doesn't look so bad or sound bad, but it's supposed to be "to my demise" not "to many miles" dumb ass shit. and it's not supposed to be "to see you with another to be in your life" it's supposed to be "to see you with another, dude in your life" whoever is the idiot who submitted these lyrics is a real dumbass and has no clue what the fuck lil wayne was sayin. his balls should be chopped off and fed to the dogs, then he should be thrown into the lion's den where he will be dismembered and later vomited by the lions
You could review Lil' Wayne in Biography page
You could review Lil' Wayne album by visiting Album page
You could review Lil' Wayne song by clicking the song which you like
