Birdman Jr.
Interesting Facts:
Wayne briefly enrolled in an undergraduate degree program at the University of Houston , where he majored in Psychology
He relocated to Houston, TX after being displaced by Hurricane Katrina
He was 15-years old when he had his daughter, Regginae
He wrote his first rhyme at the age of 8
Lil Wayne's Early Childhood:
Lil Wayne grew up in the crime-laden New Orleans neighborhood of 17th ward. Like many who aspired to ascend from their negative environment, young Wayne found an outlet in hip-hop.
Hot Boys:
Weezy's rise to prominence began with the Hot Boys, a short-lived group he formed with Juvenile, B.G., and Turk. The all-star collective went on to establish Cash Money Records as a staple in southern hip-hop . The group's 1997 debut, Get It How You Live, was met with a standing ovation. Their major label debut, Guerilla Warfare (Universal), was released a year later. It was followed up with Let Em Burn in 2002.
Lil Wayne Gone Solo :
Using the Hot Boys as a springboard, Lil Wayne went on to certify his status as a veritable standalone MC.
In 1999, he debuted with Tha Block is Hot, which featured former group members (Juvenile, Turk, and B.G.) on more than half of the album's 17 songs. The disc was entirely produced by erstwhile Cash Money beatsmith Mannie Fresh. Despite the big name collaborations, Tha Block is Hot was a commercial flop.
Wayne redeemed himself with Lights Out, his second go-round, in 2000. The CD was certified gold, but Wayne still had a lot to prove to his critics.
The Growth:
As Lil Wayne matured into his twenties, he had amassed enough knowledge from the rap game to make a big impression. Accordingly, his latter albums, 500 Degreez (2002) and The Carter II (2005), placed in the upper echelons of southern rap.
Today, Weezy is widely hailed as one of the leading emcees around. Since releasing his best album, 2005's Tha Carter II, he has lent his weight to other artists on more than 100 collaborations.
Tha Carter III:
The third installation of Lil Wayne's Carter series proved to be his most commercially successful album ever. Despite early leaks and mixed reception, Tha Carter III docked at the top of Billboard's 200 Albums Chart, having moved over 1 million units in its first week.
Lil Wayne's Discography:
1999 - Tha Block Is Hot(Cash Money/Universal)
2000 - Lights Out (Cash Money/Universal)
2002 - 500 Degreez (Cash Money/Universal)
2004 - Tha Carter (Cash Money/Universal)
2005 - Tha Carter II (Cash Money/Universal)
2006 - Like Father Like Son (with Birdman) (Cash Money/Universal)
2008 - Tha Carter III (Cash Money/Universal)
More on Lil Wayne
