K. Michelle Accuses Ex Memphitz Of Abuse On ‘LAHH: Atlanta’
HollywoodLife.com - Wed, Jun 20, 2012 7:09 AM PDT
Although she didn’t drop names, on the explosive premiere of ‘Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta’, K. Michelle hints ex-boyfriend Memphitz (who is married to Lil’ Wayne’s ex-wife, … More »K. Michelle Accuses Ex Memphitz Of Abuse On ‘LAHH: Atlanta’
Although she didn’t drop names, on the explosive premiere of ‘Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta’, K. Michelle hints ex-boyfriend Memphitz (who is married to Lil’ Wayne’s ex-wife, Toya) ‘beat her ass.’ In the premiere of Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta, struggling recording artist K. Michelle comes clean that she had scored a $2 million record …
Lil Wayne Wants Drake To Make Peace With Chris Brown
HollywoodLife.com - Wed, Jun 20, 2012 5:14 AM PDT
The hip-hop community is up in arms about the violent bottle-throwing brawl — and rapper Lil Wayne is demanding a reconciliation immediately! Uh oh! This fight won’t … More »Lil Wayne Wants Drake To Make Peace With Chris Brown
The hip-hop community is up in arms about the violent bottle-throwing brawl — and rapper Lil Wayne is demanding a reconciliation immediately! Uh oh! This fight won’t end without a proper peace treaty in order. Lil Wayne and the rest of the Young Money crew have reportedly been asking Drake to reach out and apologize [. …
Lil Wayne focuses on business, fashion
AP - Tue, Jun 19, 2012 8:05 AM PDT
With a clothing line and a powerhouse group of artists under his umbrella, Lil Wayne claims he's trying to stay above the fray. More »Lil Wayne focuses on business, fashion
With a clothing line and a powerhouse group of artists under his umbrella, Lil Wayne claims he's trying to stay above the fray.
Ice-T focuses on hip-hop craft in 'The Art of Rap'
AP - Fri, Jun 15, 2012 10:35 AM PDT
Ice-T is infatuated with the clever wordplay associated with rap music. More »Ice-T focuses on hip-hop craft in 'The Art of Rap'
Ice-T is infatuated with the clever wordplay associated with rap music.
Ice-T focuses on rap craft in 'The Art of Hip-Hop'
AP - Fri, Jun 15, 2012 9:07 AM PDT
Ice-T is infatuated with the clever wordplay associated with rap music. More »Ice-T focuses on rap craft in 'The Art of Hip-Hop'
Ice-T is infatuated with the clever wordplay associated with rap music.
Usher, 2 Chainz, Big Sean to perform at BET Awards
AP - Tue, Jun 12, 2012 6:11 AM PDT
If video-of-the-year nominee Usher wins at the BET Awards this summer, he won't be far away: He's agreed to perform at the show. More »Usher, 2 Chainz, Big Sean to perform at BET Awards
If video-of-the-year nominee Usher wins at the BET Awards this summer, he won't be far away: He's agreed to perform at the show.
Nicki Minaj Feuding with Radio Station After Pulling Out of Concert
TV Guide - Tue, Jun 5, 2012 4:58 PM PDT
Nicki Minaj 's "Starships"  may be one of the top songs in the country, but don't expect to hear it on New York hip-hop station Hot 97 anytime soon.
Minaj is embroiled in a feud with the radio station …
Lil Wayne says he feels 'unwanted' at Okla. Arena
AP - Sat, Jun 2, 2012 4:48 PM PDT
Lil Wayne said that after a recent NBA playoffs ticket dispute he felt unwelcome and "unwanted" at the Oklahoma City arena and isn't planning to return. More »Lil Wayne says he feels 'unwanted' at Okla. Arena
Lil Wayne said that after a recent NBA playoffs ticket dispute he felt unwelcome and "unwanted" at the Oklahoma City arena and isn't planning to return.
In Portland, cello players lay down a hip-hop beat
Reuters - Fri, Jun 1, 2012 3:00 PM PDT
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The people of Portland, Oregon enjoy a reputation for living somewhat outside the mainstream, so it should come as no surprise that a group … More »In Portland, cello players lay down a hip-hop beat
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The people of Portland, Oregon enjoy a reputation for living somewhat outside the mainstream, so it should come as no surprise that a group of the city's cello players is using its classical instruments to lay down hip-hop beats. What rappers such as Kanye West and Jay-Z do with syncopated rhymes …
The Real Scoop Behind Lil Wayne's B-Ball Ban
The Insider - Fri, Jun 1, 2012 7:35 AM PDT
It's no secret that celebrities receive special treatment, but keep a safe distance when that A-list status is revoked -- especially when the star in question is … More »The Real Scoop Behind Lil Wayne's B-Ball Ban
It's no secret that celebrities receive special treatment, but keep a safe distance when that A-list status is revoked -- especially when the star in question is Lil' Wayne.
 
