View All of Lil Wayne's Tattoos . (Over 100 pictures)
Click thumbnail to view full-size
See all 6 photos
See all 6 photos
See all 6 photos
Lil Wayne is one of the most controversial as well as watched music artist at the moment because of his talents and more even more intriguing lifestyle, persona, and eccentric tattoos covering his entire body. The most noted tattoos would probably be the tattoos  on his face which include, "I Am Music," a series of cracks, 3 to 4 tattoo tears, and the notorious "Fear of God" tattooed on his eyelids. There is no question that Lil Wayne stands out from most artists not only with his music, but also his tattoos.
There are reports of Lil Wayne having a certain amount of tattoos, but realistically, there is no counting all of his tattoos. Most people aren't even aware of the tattoos he has running across his legs all the way up his thighs. Even if you were to count every single tattoo on his body, it would always be changing with the constant addition of tattoos along with cover ups and tattoos on top of other tattoos. It seems like he gets a new tattoo every week. Not only is he continuously adding tattoos to his face, but he's even got a tattoo of a smiley face on the inside of his bottom lip. To be even more different, he's even gotten ultraviolet tattooed stars on his face.
There has been a lot of controversy about his 4 tattoo tears that he has on his face with one of which he has recently covered up with some sort of symbol. He has two tattoo tears under his right eye, one below his left eye, and a last tattoo tear to the left side of his mouth. He stated that the reason for covering up one of the tattoo tear was because his mother said that he had too many and needed to get rid of one. Now everyone seems to have their own opinion of explanation behind his tattoo tears, claiming its how many people he's killed or how many family member's he has lost. What most people do not know is that he publicly stated that he simply got the tattoo tears because he wanted to see how it looked and after getting one he decided to add more.
Its no surprise that Lil Wayne a great number of tattoos, but most people don't know about them all. Below is a list of just a few of his tattoos. For those that are interested, here you can find pictures of the Lil Wayne Tattoos and a complete list of How Many Tattoos Lil Wayne Has.
"Fear of God" on      his eyelids with a cross above the 'of' between his eyes
"Misunderstood" and      2 rows of stars with some of them being ultraviolet
"I Am Music" above      his right eye
Cracks coming from his      hairline at the top of his hairline and also on the sides of his chin as      well as various other parts of his body
"Lucky Me" under      his left ear
"Soo Woo" under his      left ear for his bloods
A flower placed right below      "Lucky Me"
"Blessed" in the      middle of his throat, but it was later covered up with "You"
"Steel" on the back      of his left hand and "Concrete" on the back of his right hand
In each of his palms he has      "A Gun" and "The World" so that he can always say he      has them in his hands
"Trigger" on his      finger
"Nae Nae" on each      of his forearms which is his daughter, Reginae's nickname
A marijuana leaf near the      wrist of his left arm
"Lauren" on his      right forearm to show his love for Lauren London that has a very long      history that was later covered up with "Carter"
The "ESPN" logo on      the back of his left arm
"Baby" and      "Slim" on each of his shoulders
"Life's A Gamble"      on the upper left side of his chest
On each side of his ribs, he      has stars just above wings
