I’m Like Niagara But I Get Right Back Up Like Viagra.
Lil Wayne Quotes
This is a site dedicated to quotes and sayings from the most legendary f%#king rapper alive today. Search and browse hundreds of Lil Wayne quotes! Find only the best, coolest and most popular quotes by Weezy!
Lil Wayne is a popular American born rapper/ hip-hop artist. Born Dwayne Michael Carter II on September 29, 1982, he has released many albums, some notably more popular than others. He joined Cash Money Records at age nine; he was the youngest artist on the label at the time. His first duo, the B.G.’z, was performing at this time. In 1997, he went on to join the Hot Boys group. This is where he began to gain true popularity. He was alongside other notable rappers such as Juvenile. More about Lil Wayne .
Guerrilla Warfare (1999) was released with the Hot Boys. This was a popular album, making platinum level quickly. His first two solo albums, Lights Out (2000) and 500 Degreez (2002), were not as popular as the first record. These two records only reached a gold level. During this time, Carter was putting out selling mix tapes and appeared on popular singles. One such single was “Soldier” by Destiny’s Child. Tha Carter (2004) was the first Lil Wayne solo album that reached a higher popularity level. Tha Carter II (2005) was a sequel to his first album. This also reached a high selling level. Tha Carter III (2008) had soaring popularity levels. It sold over one million copies during the first week of its release. From 2008 to 2010 there were complaints from critics for his reputation and song lyrics. He released Reborn (2010) as a response to these critics. Tha Carter IV (2011) sold just shy of a million copies in the first week out. In early 2011 the rapper announced that he would be retiring to spend more time with his kids. More about Lil Wayne albums .
Lil Wayne has won several different awards from MTV, BET, and many others. In 2009, he won many Grammys including best rap album, and best rap song. In Europe he won MTV’s artist of the year award (2008). The rapper also won multiple awards from MTV2 Sucker Free. He had many more nominations that were not won as well. This hip hop artist no doubt has had a tremendous impact on the industry. By starting his career so young, he has had a chance to truly become a giant that will be remembered for past his retirement. He tends to rap what is felt and true.
Lil Wayne has a mixed reputation. He is well known in the hip hop industry; both for good and bad reasons. His music has been well received and acclaimed although there have been some critics. However, in 2007, there was a scuffle with the police. In a later court trial, the rapper was convicted of possessing an assault weapon and smoking marijuana. The gun was actually registered to his manager. In a plea deal, the rapper spent eight months of a one year sentence in a New York prison. He was released in November 2010. In 2008, the rapper was found with several types of illegal drugs and $22,000.00 cash. Four separate felony charges were pressed against him. He was sentenced to three years’ probation.
Lil Wayne’s celebrity status and talent is unquestionable and his own claim of being “the best rapper alive” is definitely worth considering. This site is all about Lil Wayne quotes and what he has to say on topics in life.
