Add This List to Your Site
The Contenders
11Beat Without Bass
I meant to vote for right above it): I love lil Wayne but I've never heard this song. rig
12Smoke Dat Kush
13Steady Mobbin'
Obviously the best song. Everyone has heard this song, this should AT LEAST be in the top 5
Song should be much, much higher on the list than it is. This is like a gangster's theme song. Maybe not the absolute best, but top 5 at least
This is the best weezy song
this should be number one on the track list of lil wayne
beast rapper lil wayne kills this song
More comments about Steady Mobbin'
14I'm Illi
BEST SONG OF YOUNG MONEY.
Y'all should listen to it. You're definitely gonna like it.
Listen to sample
16John
John is Epic! There is just something amazing that makes me remember the good times during summer and I want to party!
Listen to sample
17Blunt Blowin
Amazing song to calm you down, My personal favorite on his new Album Carter IV. Can't believe it's not ranked higher(:
Love this song it should be on the top 10 this song gets me pumped up and wanna make me never give up on anything
I listen to dis all day... Shuda been in the top 10. I don't understand how yall can put all these old songs that nobody probly still listen to in front of this. I think that this is one ofthe hardest songs on the carter 4 along with up up and away, nightmares of the bottom, mr. President, and especially mirrors
More comments about Blunt Blowin Listen to sample
183 Peat
This has got to be the best... I mean the carter 3 was pretty awesome, and most of the best are from that album, but this should be mucch higher, at least top 5! Come on drop the world is not lil wayne's best song, without eminem its nothing!
19S On My Chest Listen to sample
20Got Money
Got Money is probably his best! Ys it down here!
josephvellappally
I don't like most of his songs but this is one I do. I also like GIVE IT UP TO ME feauturing shakira and BEDROCK! but neither are on here.
nikki72
Got money is one of top 3 best weezy songs why is down here!?! Efsdxc efsd esdf dsfds f
More comments about Got Money Listen to sample
21I'm Me
LIL WAYNE GOES HAM ON THIS SONG! There was no stopping what he could accomplish with this track. The carter I was an amazing album and I'm me was released as an EP just proved how much better it was! listen to the lyrics man!
Killed it! ;)) what a beast the best rapper alive Go weezy
Listen to sample
22Prom Queen
I love weezy's rock'n'roll side and it completely explodes in this song which describes so truly high school years and the behavior of some teens
Listen to sample
23Fireman
This is sick! Possibly one of Lil Wayne's top 10 songs! The verses are very well made. It should be top 10 for sure!
Are you kidding? This song is a milestone of rap music. This did more for wayne's career than any other song. This DEFINES lil wayne for me. Top 3 for sure
Listen to sample
24P****, Money, Weed
Possibly Lil Wayne's best song on love. Period. Even though it may swear a little bit, (don't all of his songs? ) it's still amazing.
-RallyFTW
Ah! great songs wid great lyrics And yaah you all will surely like the calm flow of this song!
WEEZY F RULEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
25Go DJ
Last memorable great Mannie and Weezy collabo. And shined his real power in the Carter. Should be way farther up on the list.
This song got stuck in my head for years. I'm compleatly in love with the beat I don't think that it is weezys best song but it should deffinly be higher aleast on the top 10
Listen to sample
26I Am Not A Human Being
he goes off in this song. it defines how he thinks act and sees the world. if this isn't good then I don't know what is
Amazing! He goes ham. Sick beat, sweet lyrics. I love it
Listen to sample
27I Feel Like Dying
This Song Was Sick! You Need To Vote For This ; I Dont Understand How People Could Not Vote For This Song I Mean I Loved This Song And I Still Love This Song It Has A Very Deep Meaning.
28My Life (ft. Game)
this is the tym when lil waynes true talents are out
have you ever heard the lyrics to this song? this should so be up there! freaking amazing
This song is amazing, really meaningful song when you listen to it, can listen to this song everyday, have for the past three years
More comments about My Life (ft. Game) Listen to sample
29Bill Gates
Seriously? Why isn't this song ranked higher? Sick beat, sick lyrics, sick flow, and I don't even like Lil Wayne that much...
Why is isn't this song higher ranked? Its flow, great beat, and super chilling
lyrics. This song should at least be top 5
This song has a great beat, sick lyrics, and is just a super chill song. Its not super popular because it wasnt on the carter albums. Everyone should listen to it!
More comments about Bill Gates Listen to sample
30Kobe Bryant
Eminem is over rated? Laugh out loud
He's the best lyrical rapper eve homie.
Kobe is the best Player in the game. Eminem is the best rapper ever. He is not over rated
amazing flow, and the only reason drop the world is first is because eminem's in it and he's over rated:/...
31She Will ft. Drake
Nice rhyme, rythym, bass and beat. Wayne and drake just made this song a epic song! Don't you think
