Here you will find lots of pictures of Lil Wayne and his tattoos. Weezy  has tattoos from head to toe with many different meanings, so we will  try and explain all of them.
A Crack On His Forehead
A Gun tat on his palm.
Weezy and Birdman tatted on their chest and neck.
  Here you see his ‘I Am Music’, tears & New Orleans symbol tattoos.
  A prayer on Lil Wayne back.
  A Few vein tattoos on the side of his chest and an alien on his arm.
He has ‘Baby’ and ‘Slim’ on both shoulders and a bird for ‘Birdman’. He also has a ‘Rolls Royce’ symbol on his left bicep.
You can see lots of Weezy’s chest tats on the pic above including ‘MOB’ which stands for ‘Money Over Bitches’ or ‘Member Of Bloods’, and you can  see his ‘Cash Money’ tattoo which is the record label he is signed to.  You can also see his big ‘17′ tattoo which represents the 17th ward of  New Orleans (where Wayne grew up) and he has ‘BR’ and ‘JR’ on each side  of his navel which is short for his nickname “Birdman Junior”. He has ‘Nae Nae’ on both arms too which is for his daughter.
The Young Money Entertainment logo on his neck and ‘Soo Woo’ which is something the bloods say.
His 4 tear drops which are for the people who have been killed in his  family, ‘Fear God’ and the ‘C’ between his eyes which is for his mother ‘Cita’ and his last name ‘Carter’.
His ‘Hot Boys’ tattoo on his hands which was the name of the group he used to be a member of.
His ‘Misunderstood’, ‘Tune’ (nickname) and ‘Lucky Me’ tattoos, and you can even see some more vein tattoos.
This is just a picture of Weezy getting his ‘Fear God’ tattoo on his eyelids.
Here is his ‘ESPN’ tattoo which is a sports television channel.
These 3 dots mean ‘laugh, think and cry’.
He has a ‘W’ and ‘Weezy’ on the side of his neck which is his nickname and favorite letter from the alphabet.
He colored the star below his neck in red which also has ‘God’ above it,  and the bold numbers on his arm represent his date of birth.
Check out what Weezy’s back looks like.
He has added a red skull over all of his chest tattoos.
Smiley face tattoo on his inner lip.
You can see some of his leg tattoos on this picture.
He has replaced his tear drop with a tribal symbol.
A more detailed view of Weezy’s left arm.
‘The World’ tattoo on his palm… in other words he has the world in his hand.
Wayne has a ‘Sikk Fukk’ tattoo.
Tunechi has added 9 – 10 stars on the side of his face.
As you can see, Lil Wayne has ‘Piru’ and ‘Damu’ tatted on him in red which is something to do with the bloods.
Lil Wayne tatted Trina on his finger, but he has now added a ring over it – maybe to suggest that he will never get married?
In the 3 photos above, you can see Lil Wayne has added wings on each side of his chest.
Lil Wayne has tatted a gun on the side of his neck.
Tune has ‘I Am Pimp’ near his ear, and it also looks like he has a  flower on his ear around his piercing with the stem on his neck.
You can see lots more Weezy tattoos in this picture including a map of Louisiana on his back.
Lil Wayne has colored ‘Slim’ in red on his shoulder and it looks like he has an arrow in the inside of his ear too.
This ain’t the best picture, but you can see that he has tattoos all up his leg.
In the 2 pics above, you can see that Weezy has made a few stars on the side of his face ultraviolet.
Lil Wayne has ‘Trigger’ written down his index finger.
search
