Lil Wayne House
Lil Wayne House In New Orleans
Rapper Lil Wayne has a ridiculously big and expensive house.  If you watch MTV Cribs at all, you could have seen him on there talking about his new multi-million dollar condominium that he had purchased in New Orleans.  The home includes a ton of expensive items, including a very spacious studio that he typically likes to record in.  There is also a lot of room for his fancy cars, which you can see if you have access to the MTV Cribs “cars edition.”
When people see the brand new Lil Wayne house in New Orleans, they often get jealous.  However, if you actually take the time to think about all of the work that he has done as an artist, you should be saying that he is well-deserving of the house.  As an artist, Lil Wayne puts in more work in the studio than a great majority of artists.  He is constantly on the road performing and if he is not performing, he is making a promotional appearance somewhere.
Lil Wayne House In Miami Beach
In case you didn’t know, he also has another pretty new house that he purchased for roughly fourteen million dollars in Miami, Florida.  This house is on a private island in Miami Beach and has three levels.  It includes one elevator that will allow him to transport all of his recording gear up and down with.  This is certainly not your average house, and Lil Wayne will certainly need to take out a pretty amount of money from his bank in order to pay for this, unless he mortgaged it.
Anyways, the Lil Wayne house in Miami Beach will also have a grand total of nine bedrooms for him and his guests to party in.  For every bedroom in the house, there will be at least one bathroom available; the house includes nine bathrooms.  The most shocking part of this house is the square feet that it takes up.  Most homes in Miami Beach that belong to someone rich are of fairly big size, but what do you think the number one rapper in America had to go and get?
Lil Wayne Miami Beach House Picture
Lil Wayne's Miami House Is Approximately 20,857 Square Feet
This house takes up over twenty-thousand eight hundred and fifty seven square feet (20,857 square feet).  This is absolutely ridiculous and will definitely cost him plenty of money.  Nearly all of the walls on the inside are painted white and there are a lot of windows that allow Lil Wayne to overlook the city of Miami as well.  He has a phenomenal view when he looks out the window of his third floor.
It may make you jealous that he is rich enough to buy a house for over fourteen million dollars, but it also may make you realize that people like his music enough to go out and support him.  When his album “The Carter III” was released in 2008, it remained the top selling album for that entire year.  The rest of the year, Lil Wayne worked hard to save up money for this house and to build up his Cash Money and Young Money empire.
Lil Wayne Can Easily Afford A Big House
Whether you think that he deserves a piece of property this big is irrelevant to the fact that he has the money and the power to buy it.  If you are thinking that this is an extravagant purchase for Lil Wayne, then you are sadly mistaken.  He may have made just about one million dollars off of his album sales, but he makes so much money from his sold-out concerts that he can easily afford this as well as other new houses.
Be on the lookout for new episodes of MTV Cribs that feature Lil Wayne.  They may take you for a tour of this new house and give you the ins and outs of what Wayne has stocked the inside with.  It certainly will not be looking as plain as the picture shows.  It also features a great garage for his favorite cars that you will be able to check out.  There is one clip that was added below of a special edition MTV Cribs:  Cars Edition that features Lil Wayne and Birdman that you can check out as well.  See what has been up with the artist that they call “Weezy F. Baby.”
Related Hip-Hop/Rap Hubs
