Ted R. Weiland
says:
We cannot unbiblically vote for non-biblical candidates into non-Biblical positions our way out of the mess we find ourselves. The last 224 years of constitutional voting demonstrates that America has only become less Christian and more ungodly with each and every election, regardless who’s elected. Instead, we must repent our way out of this mess, which means returning to Yahweh and His morality as found in His commandments, statutes, and judgments.
This is not going to occur overnight. Most of modern Christianity is antinomian, meaning they believe that Yahweh’s moral laws have been abolished and have no practical purpose under the New Covenant. In short, modern Christianity (what in the 17th-century was Christendom) is saltless, good for nothing but to trampled under the foot of man, as per Matthew 5:13. This means that modern saltless Christianity is our principle mission field. They must be taught the truth concerning Yahweh’s law and kingdom as they pertain to us under the New Covenant.
We must recognize that this a generational vision and that this generation must begin now in order that a future generation of our progeny might have the opportunity of doing it right this time – unlike our late 18th-century American forefathers.
This is NOT going to occur by trying to save this nation by employing the current ungodly system’s means of doing things. Do you really think voting for anyone on the ticket today is going to fix anything? To do so only reveals our shortsightedness. By unbiblically voting for what they hope is the lesser of two evils, Christians and others are trying to save this present generation while sacrificing the next several generations in the process. Case in point, the last 224 years of voting.
This battle begins by accepting and teaching the literal truth of Psalm 19:7-11 and identifying our national idol that stands in the way of implementing Yahweh’s commandments, statutes, and judgments – that tragically most pronomians are still promoting. Like Gideon of old, our fathers’ idol must be destroyed before we can implement Yahweh’s law. If every Christian were putting the same effort and resources into this as some do every four years in trying to vote the “better” man into office, we would begin to see our way to some REAL progress in saving this nation from the precipice she now teeters on. I hope you will join the real battle, which has only just begun!
Find out how much you really know about the Constitution as compared to Yahweh’s moral law (His commandments, statutes, and judgments). Take our Constitution Survey at http://www.missiontoisrael.org/constitutionsurvey … and receive a free copy of the “Primer” (an 85 page book, normally $7 plus shipping) of “Bible Law vs. the United States Constitution: The Christian Perspective.”
