Ron Paul says media misreported Tea Party cheering on uninsured (with video)
dsdas
Texas Rep. Ron Paul – followed by cheering crowds at the California State GOP convention this weekend — said the media “twisted” the Tea Party reaction at the last presidential debate, and argued that the conservative position on health care is both constitutionally sound and “compassionate.”
We asked the Republican residential candidate after his speech to the Lincoln Club whether health care or welfare are appropriate expenditures of the federal government. “Follow the Constititution,” he said repeatedly.
And we asked if he thought it appropriate that, at the the last Tea Party debate, cheers and applause  followed a question about an uninsured 30 year old man left to die in the streets.
Here’s our award-winning Shaky Hand Productions capture of his answer:
Paul caused a sensation at the California Republican Party convention in Los Angeles, followed by hoards of chanting supporters as he made his way around the JW Marriott at LA Live where 1,000 state party activists are convening in a three day meeting.
The Lake Jackson congressman was met by a parade of sign-bearing supporters on the street when he arrived at the hotel, and they have followed him adoringly around the venue. T-shirts on display proclaim the “Ron Paul Revolution” and “I’m voting for Peace.”
By contrast, Tea Party darling Michele Bachmann’s reception Friday looked cool and anemic indeed — as was the general reaction to her keynote speech Friday night (with the exception of one or two applause lines about standing up for Israel.)
No so, Paul, who was cheered at the Lincoln Club event. And the crowd around him is so raucous that Paul, a physician, was actually turned away from the convention’s health care forum when he showed up with a chanting mob; a volunteer freaked out and barred the door, keeping him out.
And even more interesting: long lines of mostly young people are snaking around the halls, signing up to register in the party and vote in the California straw poll.
And the results: Paul’s commanding win gave him 44.9 percent of the 883 votes cast by attendees at the 3-day state convention at the JW Marriott Hotel here. Coming in second was Texas Gov. Rick Perry with 29.3 percent, followed by a dramatic drop-off for former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney at 8.8 percent. Rep. Michele Bachmann came in an embarrassing fourth, with 7.7 percent. The rest of the GOP presidential pack hardly made a ripple: former Ambassador to China Jon Huntsman (2 percent), former Godfather Pizza CEO Herman Cain (1.8 percent), and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich coming in even after the pizza exec (1.7 percent).
