Won’t need those visions, I’ve got a couple sheep to count now.  Night
Anonymous
Humble foreign policy.. being what George W. Bush ran on in 2000. Ron Paul is running on the same philosophy. Take note. 
LJB57
And you’re just a disgusting little insect.
http://www.facebook.com/RonPaulDisciple Robert Timsah
When Limbaugh rants about our social welfare programs, is he blaming America?
Anonymous
You are nothing more than a juvenile name-caller, professing to be Conservative. Even Reagan recognized that Libertarian is at the heart of Conservatism. Show me a Conservative today and I’ll show you how progressive they truly are. We haven’t seen a true Conservative, like Ron Paul, in a very long time. 
A scientific study was conducted by the American Journal of Political Science, which found Ron Paul to be the most Conservative member to have served in Congress since 1937. 
American Journal of Political Science, 42 (July 1998), pp. 954-993.
LJB57
Being a Liberal is just so uncool and Yesterday, it’s not funny.
It’s embarrassing to watch and hear a bunch of kids being lead down the garden path 
by a bunch of old Hippies left over from the sixties.
Anonymous
We called ourselves Tea Party as early as November 2007, when planning for the Tea Party moneybomb on December 16th, 2007. 
I’ve broken down most of the evidence on teaparty11.com. Have a look. 
Anonymous
We have a two party system. If you are going to get elected you have to be in debates. Hopefully we will move to a better system. Ron Paul has views from the left and right.Running as a independent one would spend most time and cash just to get on ballets. He is conservitive and for less government so runs as a republican. 
http://www.facebook.com/people/Justin-Denney/1543571220 Justin Denney
The republicans used to have a stance much like that of the libertarians. In fact, the libertarians were first considered as radical republicans. Somewhere along the lines of time, however, many of the republican party started to move in a different direction as society and technology evolved and grew and created a split. Dr. Paul was originally a republican before running as a libertarian in his first run for president. That is why he says now days that the republican party has lost their way. So, basically, he is running in the right party.
Anonymous
Visit teaparty11.com to see video evidence that the Ron Paul movement started the Tea Party in 2007. 
Steve Cassano
It’s not about sides anymore. You are having Your liberties and YOUR MONEY taken away from you RIGHT before you eyes, and people like RUSH LIMBAUGH are part of the smokescreen that the richest factions in the world use to keep you dumb! Words like “patriotism” and “Terrorism”, “liberal” and “conservative” are tools to make you act and think a certain way while you are being plundered. Please wake up and take your head out of the sand. Our country is being robbed through the polititians on both sides who are bought and paid for by the world banks. Go on Youtube and watch “The Money Masters” Full version, and you will understand. This is no bull!
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_BTBM5NDSPUP7Z3VUBCBIQA5CLA Rocky
There are unsurmountable obstacles to 3rd party candidates, riginally erected before WW2 to stop Communists and National Socialists from getting on the ballots. For example: Libertarians in Illinois cannot become election judges. Petition signatures needed to put Libertarians on the ballots statewide would be in the millions, and Republicans employed in courthouses challenge each and every signature as being forged.
Anonymous
When you really analyze the Limbaugh clip, you get a sense that Limbaugh has little to no understanding of recent history.  Limbaugh is the type of personality that is responsible for the DE-moralization of the Tea Party.  His type has sucked the life-blood out of the tea party and turned it from a party that stood for something to a Party that follows the mass media’s incessant bleating. 
Rush is pathetic, and people are starting to catch on to the fact that as a Neocon, Rush is not in alignment with classic conservative values. 
Steve Cassano
It’s not about sides anymore. You are having Your liberties and YOUR MONEY taken away from you RIGHT before your eyes, and people like RUSH LIMBAUGH are part of the smokescreen that the richest factions in the world use to keep you dumb! Words like “patriotism” and “Terrorism”, “liberal” and “conservative” are tools to make you act and think a certain way while you are being plundered. Please wake up and take your head out of the sand. Our country is being robbed through the polititians on both sides who are bought and paid for by the world banks. Go on Youtube and watch “The Money Masters” Full version, and you will understand. This is no bull!
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1127971822 Mark Wilmoth
How to become a Rush Limbaugh Fan:
1) Take out brain.
2) Listen to Rush Limbaugh.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Peter-Flynn/1206363468 Peter Flynn
Moneybomb. Sounds kinda Bushy. 
Anonymous
 Ya how that humble foreign policy work out for him? Since 1900 we have no precedent for humble foreign policy. I suggest you read The savage wars of peace by Max Boot. All this talk about getting out of the world is fun to imagine but as long as we are the big boys on the block its a pipe dream. You wanna have a humble foreign policy? We can become a third rate nation like Ireland or Austria then we could stay out of the worlds way.
Anonymous
I’ll refer you back to Fox and Friends:
pseudo-comedian Brad Stine calling Americans lazy = Funny
Obama calling Americans lazy (even though he didn’t) = TRAITOR!!!!
Anonymous
There are many reasons that Paul’s numbers show 10 percent.  Most of them have to do with top choices.  Ron is typically known as a 2nd choice of a majority of republicans.  They are reluctant to call him their top choice because their favorite talk show host keeps scaring them from completely supporting him. 
He really does have a lot of support though, and his campaign is organized enough to wield it.  I would expect Paul to come in between 15 and 25 percent of the votes in the primaries, and he will either win or come in a very close second.  Even if he comes in second, there is a chance that he could secure the nomination because of the delegate process and the level of dedication that Paul’s delegates will bring to the table.
Anonymous
 I disagree, for every conservative viewpoint he espouses he has a liberal viewpoint to offset it. He is neither and does not represent either. So he should form his own party period.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Justin-Denney/1543571220 Justin Denney
IMHO, I think that Dr. Paul is doing much better than most people truly know. You show a result from a poll, but many unknown variables are added to that poll. I mean, there are hundreds of polls showing Dr. Paul as the winner hands down, and probably just as many showing he is somewhere between 2nd and last place. How much do you know that that result is not from a skewed poll? Or an average from a few false testimonies? Take CNN for example. After one of their debates, they had an online poll of who won the debate and their poll showed Ron Paul as the winner with 78% from a collection of thousands of votes. The poll was not open for very long, and soon after they reported that Romney won with 51% while Paul got 0%. The results they showed in small print that 54 people voted in that poll. Look, I’m just saying that polls are highly unreliable, but when you look at them all in a generalized sense, you can get ballpark estimation of where a candidate stands. We must question everything we are told if we are to ever find the truth.
Anonymous
If you are stupid enough to base your logic off of Gingrich’s current 38% number, then you should not be talking. 
Bachmann, Perry, and Cain all experienced similar numbers before they were exposed for what they are.  It is just a matter of time before Gingrich fades, and probably a shorter period of time than it took for the others because Gingrich has 50 times the number of documented problems more than all the rest of them combined.
Anonymous
A good litany of issues of where the GOP is dead wrong and Paul is dead on
Anonymous
Rush and Newt dancing…gross. 
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1127971822 Mark Wilmoth
hahaha the other GOP candidates are running the same neocon campaign that lost the 2008 election against Obama, are you kidding me? They have a short memory as do the ones that support them. Ron Paul appeals to Democrats and Independents, If Newt or Mitt are chosen, they will fail miserably. It’s Ron Paul or not at all – Enjoy 4 more years of Obama if he is rejected! :)
Anonymous
Clear Channel, I would assume. 
ozonator
Looter Limbaugh and his corporate horrors are afraid that Ron Paul will separate their men from the boys with crowbars and correlate the crumbling infrastructure with their banks accounts.
http://twitter.com/dissidentX dissidentX
Rush Limbaugh hates the constitution
Anonymous
Not sure when public financing was created, but until this is eliminated (it is unnecessary anyway) it will always be the Washington Generals vs. the Washington Generals (aka Democrats vs. Republicans.) 
http://www.facebook.com/people/Rick-Duffin/1294377718 Rick Duffin
@i@insideguy:disqus nsideguy I have pretty much voted Republican all my life.  1st time with Reagan and only one stumble, Ross Perot.  First off, this is a two party system, like it or not.  The barriers erected to keep it that way are significant and financially difficult to overcome.  Just getting on the ballot becomes very expensive and the media coverage is non-existant.  I hope that explains part of your question.  He runs on the R side because he is for smaller, constitutionaly sized Fed government.  It is easier to fight the war issue on the right than it is to fight the small government issue on the left. Both are hard sells.   His core postion is against both welfare and warefare.  That is easy to understand if your focus is on smaller government.  Both welfare/warfare increase it’s size and most importantly, its power. We despise neigther MSR or MSD.  But we do not think we can convince the statists on the so-called Far Left and Far Right.  They are actually one in the same.  There is no left and right.  There is only more freedom and liberty or less freedom and liberty.  That is why we have a very broad range of supporters.  Union, Management, Republican, Democrat, Young, Old, Veteran, Civilian, Farmer, Businessman, and on and on.  That is why we feel we could win a general election and may have a decent chance of being the GOP nominee.  Yes, it is a long shot, but the time may be ripe.  We have had the inexperienced and well spoken young man.  Perhaps it is time for the Older, and Wiser man that doesn’t have the “look” but walks the walk.
Anonymous
Oh, how disillusioned most Americans are about our wars.
I’m well aware of our current foreign policy, having served in the military and having deployed. I trained exclusively against Iran for nearly 2 years. Even when North Korea was firing missiles into the Japanese Sea, I was the one called into duty, full battle-rattle and MOPP gear, to defend South Korea from the potential threat. 
I can tell you’ve eaten up what the media tells you. Do you honestly believe you are being told the truth of our wars? I doubt it, considering I was under direct orders myself to lie to the media that would approach us about our activities. You claim a non-interventionist foreign policy would make us become a “third-rate nation”? What about Canada or China? They are non-interventionist. You claim it’s a pipe dream, yet, it assumes that we have the financial means to maintain the current status quo. You are espousing a Roman-esque foreign policy, which in and of itself is a pipe dream and history has proven time and time again that to be the case.All I have to do, in order to dismantle the arguments for our foreign policy is ask the question, “how are we going to pay for a worldwide presence, while maintaining economic stability with a currency that relies on the rest of the world’s trust in the U.S. and the dollar?”
Sir, I have held bolts you could buy at Lowes that cost as much as 3 months of the average American’s yearly salary. I have worked next to contractors who earn almost as much as our President’s salary, doing nothing more than being on call. What do you know of our foreign policy or the extent at which we waste tax payers money?  My guess is you believe we are in wars to combat terrorism, right? You believe that its a noble and just cause. Perhaps it could be, but it’s not the objective of our Foreign Policy. You should read the book “The Grand Chessboard” by Brzezinski, one of the leading voices on our modern foreign policy. It was written in 1997 and outlines exactly what we are doing in Eurasia as we speak. This being an alarming fact, considering it was before 9/11. His agenda is 100% on track. It’s all about establishing the United States as the one and only global superpower on the planet. It further explains that a seemingly worldwide threat, would be necessary in order to achieve such agenda. Islam is Brzezinski’s key to success.
So the question is, would you support our foreign policy if you knew its objective is to secure the U.S. as the one and only global superpower on the planet? 
If so, then you must be prepared for America to cede it’s national sovereignty. In order to become such superpower, requires that we dismantle the traditional sense of our Republic.
If not, then you ought to read that book. It’s clear as crystal. 
Anonymous
That sounds Guy Fawkes-esque. 
LJB57
You really don’t rate a reply, you’re probably just a kid, watch this maybe you’ll learn something,but I doubt it
. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkMshhyIpiA&feature=related
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_TWK2YYJTTIDLZIVV7NKZM23Z6Q Tyler
Rush has no idea what the Tea Party stands for.  Paul understands the Tea Party more than most conservatives do.
LJB57
I hope the nitwit I was replying to miss reads it like that too.Heh Heh
http://www.facebook.com/people/Tyler-Watson/805220340 Tyler Watson
Or you might say, created the Tea Party. Read the article linked above on this very page you idiot. The “Tea Party” started in 2007 as a Ron Paul fundraiser to commemorate the original Boston Tea Party.
Anonymous
I listened to the whole conversation between these two. Made me proud to know that people out there are aware of what has happened to our movement. The Tea Party started as a libertarian movement but was unfortunately infiltrated and taken over by neo-conservatives, which when you think about it is what they do best. They use the tea party like pawns to achieve their own agenda. To those who believe in “Don’t tread on me,” Limbaugh, Hannity, and Levin respond with…shut up and get in line with everyone else!!
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_UEO7NCUMTSISX3E34UKFVJ2NG4 Kobus
You used to be all right Rush…….what the #$%^& happened?????
Ron Paul Original Tea Party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
http://www.facebook.com/people/Tyler-Watson/805220340 Tyler Watson
I can see how you may relate the Oval Office over the past roughly 12 years at least with the nut house. We’ll elect Ron Paul in 2012 to bring some sanity and constitutionality back to our Executive Branch.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Tyler-Watson/805220340 Tyler Watson
And you’re devoid of facts. I might also comment that you seem to have a reading comprehension problem, considering the FACT that there’s an article on this very page providing solid evidence that the Tea Party sprang up beginning as a fundraising campaign for Ron Paul in 2007 on the anniversary of the Boston Tea Party.
Anonymous
> Actually Ron Paul represents the Republican party that broke away from
> the Democrat party when it was created. 
Really? The same guy who would repeal the Civil Rights Act represents the original “Radical Republican” Lincoln-era party? The same one who was originally dead set against “states’ rights”, to the point of fighting a civil war about it?
You Paulbots sure have an interesting way of engaging in historical revisionism.
LJB57
I don’t read slop produced by liberal twits,
2007 get real that’s even before that bastard Obama got elected, who cares where it started it has moved far past that point in 5 years.I guaranty you that 95 percent of so-called Tea-Party, do not support Paul now,
since he went and blamed America for 911, Ron Paul is a Joke.
But even he would be far better than the despicable Barack Hussein Obama.
Anonymous
I believe he would be SOL if he tried running independently after losing out in the primaries – IIRC, several states have “sore loser” laws that prevent primary losers from being on the ballet as an independent for President. 
LJB57
You are dreaming in technicolor, Paul isn’t even on the radar, I’m not saying thing don’t change, but Ron Paul
is just out to lunch when it comes to understanding what is going on in the big bad World out there.
He seems to want to stick his head in the sand, and that only gets you a kick in the ass.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_EHCZYYJRGI3XBNJJF6OU3WNWOU Jaimie
Rush is okay and I like him, but right 99.7% of the time (or whatever) he is not.
I think Rush is terrified of Obama getting a second term and has bought into the mainstream media’s message that Ron Paul is unelectable even though Limbaugh hates the mainstream media.
Also, Rush is more of an expert on politics than he is on policy.  More schooled on people than he is on principles.   There are times to play politics, but this is not one of them.
The tea party is not a unified organization.  One group of people calling themselves the tea party have nothing to do with another except a basic common set of ideals.  Many of them support Paul and many do not.
Saying Paul has nothing to do with the Tea Party because it’s true of Limbaugh’s “Brand” of tea party followers is like saying Rock and Roll had nothing to do with the 70′s because you and your friends all liked country music.
LJB57
So you believe the stuff, you want to hear,but don’t believe the stuff that you don’t want to hear.
Grow up now Steve only the very young and naive buy what’s being spewed out by the liberal controlled media,
you are being brainwashed and don’t even know it.
yes all government “steal money” it’s just that liberals know no limit, when it come to their thievery
Anonymous
LJB57— you twitt!
Stop reading Hanity / Limbaugh propaganda and think reasonably -
As Ron said in the last debate— he doesn’t blame Joe the Plummer and Jane the nurse for 9/11,,,
It’s the Secrative meddling of our CIA in toppling foreign governments ( its in the History books , so it’s not conspiracy) in order to place Dictators who would work with America’s oil industries Cheaply in return-
It’s foreign policy that our mother’s and Fathers never even knew was going on!
Anonymous
Pick up a book and stop listening to talk radio
Anonymous
Why shouldn’t we Try — what you call crazy—
We’ve tried everything else for years!
It is Crazier to see things for how they are? Or crazier not to see them for HOW THEY SHOULD BE”
Why don’t you offer something more substantial rather than play KING of the TROLLS around here
Anonymous
The Rules of politics are played like reign dear games-
The media controls public opinion by feeding the masses with agenda driven information, and the public eats it up-
Third party and Independants do not get to play in that arena because they lack power-
Ron Paul’s polling is higher than say– because polls do not include Independants and Blue republicans in that grouping-
If Paul gets 10% of each to vote for him in open caucuses or primaries— he now gets a boost from an outside faction never considered-
That’s OK— it’s how a DarkHorse works-
Anonymous
Wow, either Rush really is that ignorant, or he is just a liar.  Either way, why on earth would anyone listen to him??
Anonymous
If Ron Paul possibly won the nomination, would he not be the best shot against Obama as he would most likely get most of the independent vote?
mnolan13
Rush would join the tea party, but he is still too busy carrying water for neocons.
I would give my life savings to see a debate between the conservative rush of ’91 vs. the liberal from 20 years later.
Anonymous
Many people like the caller (a long time listener) in the Rush Limbaugh piece are acknowledging how the mere presence of Ron Paul in this race has exposed much about the hippocracy and bias of Rush, Fox News, and the media at large on both sides of the ideological spectrum.
Anonymous
Of course, and anyone who thinks about it for 5 minutes knows this. Ron Paul would get the independents and disenfranchised democrats and would beat obama in a landslide.  The “heads” of the GOP such as Rush aren’t interested in winning; they are only interested in maintaining the status quo.  No real change allowed.  We can only hope that the people of this country are fed up enough to ignore their blatant lies and actually do something clear-minded for a change.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Bart-Morgay/100001554351938 Bart Morgay
Limbaugh is just like Gingrich, he will say anything if it serves his purpose. They are both morally bankrupt. 
Anonymous
Exactly.  The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.  The GOP, and the American people really, are suffering from mass insanity.  Why not try something different in 2012? Before America goes down the toilet?
huffnnoccupyn
Anyone who thinks about it for five more minutes would realize that your scenario of independents and disenfranchised Democrats electing Ron Paul for president would also elect a Congress with a Democratic majority (if not an outright supermajority) in both houses.
A Ron Paul presidency will have a record number of vetoes overturned.
Anonymous
Rush is obviously right. There would be no ‘tea party’ if Obama were not black, but Ron Paul has been going on long before.
Anonymous
Limbaugh, Trump, Beck, O’Reilly…all have to go. Bad eggs the lot of them.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_TQDUOTU5PGHYUIZZLN7JRB75N4 T P
Man you need to think for yourself and perhaps read a bit of history.  Go back to the 50s and learn what the CIA did then to a duly elected government in Iran.  The same thing they have done over and over all around the world. This is not the American way. Study up on central America and our involvement in the 80s.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_TQDUOTU5PGHYUIZZLN7JRB75N4 T P
I have always noticed that when a liberal has no game they resort to name calling.
http://www.facebook.com/occams.banana Charles Beasley
You ask: “What [R]epublican since Lincoln has had a humble foreign policy?”
Answer: None of them. Nor has any Democrat since (at least) Wilson. So what?
And on *your* last paragraph – I am reminded of the joke about the man who jumps off a hundred-story building. As he falls past each window, the people inside hear him say, “So far, so good …”
Angelo S
Ron Paul’s Sec of Defense http://www.dailypaul.com/191057/rp-secof-defense-coldouglas-macgregor
Anonymous
how is Ron Paul a joke when all he is saying is that our actions in their country are part of the reason they do not like us and want to attack us, not because of our freedoms, would you be ok if Iraq, China or Russia came to America and built a few bases around a few different cities or would we all really sit back and enjoy another country getting involved in our business. You dont have to agree with Ron Paul but what he says makes sense. We cant sit back and not think our actions in other countries affairs will have a consequence.
LJB57
Why don’t you try thinking instead of feeling dougy.
You make no sense at all, I can only put that down to a poor education and lack of communication skills.
Anonymous
LOL @ this tea baggin troll.
http://www.facebook.com/original.dayner Dayne Herr Jr
loves listening to Rush Limbaugh lecture everyone on what conservatism is & how Ron Paul is not one. However, in the ten years I have listened to his show, I have never once heard the names Russell Kirk, Richard Weaver, Joseph Sobran or Robert Taft emanate from his “Golden e I b” microphone.Of course what is unquestionably conservative, is bankrupting ourselves borrowing money from China in order to foster democracy in the middle east.Rick Santorum & Woodrow Wilson would concur.
Anonymous
Both are big on the “end justifies the means”.
http://twitter.com/americanpirates Aaron
So search on Youtube (or google) for “Ron Paul 2007″ and “Tea Party” and, Lo and Behold!, you see Tea Party events happening in every major city of the U.S. Just an example from Austin: http://youtu.be/z8LsnbN7d-8
Anonymous
Ron Paul has gotten quite a bit of coverage this campaign and his ideas have been stated and debated regularly on both conservative and liberal programs. So that is a good thing. But it does not constitute hypocrisy for people, like Rush for example, to criticize Paul for his insane foreign policy ideas.
Hout Bosques
Close: Tea Partiers are no different from Know Nothings, and Ron Paul knows some stuff, and knowing SOME stuff means knowing way too much to be a Know Nothing.
Okie-dokie, maybe not that close.
Bob in Boston
You’re right on Rob – telephone polls are trivial to manipulate.  The true show of support is straw polls, and there Ron Paul has totally dominated the race.
The media tries to marginalize Ron Paul by saying the straw polls he wins don’t matter, they skip over him when reading the results from telephone polls – “Genrich in 1st and Romney in 2nd in Iowa!” when Ron Paul is actually tied with Romney in Iowa or in some polls a few points ahead of him.  That sort of petty manipulation, in hopes that people will be too lazy to do the research and see the truth, and believe the media that “Ron Paul doesn’t have a chance” even though technically he has a better chance than their darling Romney depending on who you talk to.
And when Ron Paul wins Iowa, or at least crushes Romney, you’re going to see the media bending over backwards to say that the whole primary system is broken and gives places like Iowa too much power, and you will DEFINITELY hear them say that “the people of Iowa don’t represent the rest of the country”.
But at that point, they won’t be able to just IGNORE Ron Paul, and that will be the tipping point, because they can’t use the usual smear techniques like they used on Cain – Ron Paul has a flawless history.  Once Ron Paul is in the spotlight, the media and establishment’s power to manipulate the results will be severely reduced, and they are going to be MAD.  :-)
I can’t wait for that day!
Hout Bosques
Rully? (Listen to Sarah Palin, the TP way to pronounce “really” is “rully”.). 
The Democratic Republican party was founded by T. Jefferon & J. Madison, leading anti-royalist pro-Enlightenment pro-democracy theist types among the mess of pit vipers we call The Founders — more than 50 years before Lincoln became elected president. In between came Whigs and Know Nothings and a number of populists like Jackson who some misguided historians (including the deeply stupid Jon Meacham) credit with starting up the Democratic party, when what he really started was the pro-South pro-slave Dixicrats, with the Lincoln Republicans being a response to them.
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=524617837 Needa Hamilton
Rush Limbaugh~The idiot robot for the Washington war mongering establishment.  How is this guy still on the air?  To think that people believe a word that spews from his pie hole…  What a DB!!
Anonymous
what a bloated moron. 
Hout Bosques
Tink about it, L … President Barack Hussein Obama of der United States of Hamarica. Gosh darn hard to believe, ain’t it? And apparently very tough to white folks to accept, too.
But what a GREAT name, no? President Obama. President Barack Obama. President Barack HUSSEIN Obama. Right in  there, the names of two right wing extremist boogie woogie men of our times, Sadam HUSSEIN and Osama bin Laden, plus a sand-filled sock in the back of the head with that Semite first name, and then he’s from KENYA and raised in INDONESIA on top of that.
Plus, big big big bonus points for choosing to be black.
This guy’s gonna end up with  his very own cargo cult.
Hout Bosques
U right: TPers much too stupid to be Neocons. TPers see Neocons as something aspire to.
Darryl Schmitz
Is it possible Rush is a little irritated at the fair use of a clip from his program in Ron Paul’s recent campaign ad? Seems Rush has skipped one of Gandhi’s steps (first they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you…), going straight from ignoring Paul to fighting him. Certainly Limbaugh knows any of the other GOP candidates would be inviting him to the White House, and Paul would not be giving such political favors to anyone while president.
http://www.facebook.com/bill.evelyn Bill Evelyn
Rush lost some following with this mis step and mis calculation yesterday.  I heard it and immediately turned off the show.  I’ll probably tune back in, but he lost just a little bit of credibility with this nonsense yesterday.
Anonymous
ron paul’s more conservative than rush or your dumbass. 
Anonymous
If it’s the big bad world, then why are we losing so many civil liberties at home?
Anonymous
Lincoln was the first Republican president.
Anonymous
Read up on Reagan before he got elected.     It was about the same thing.   He was considered a joke, had no chance, and so on.
Look at what got GWB elected in 2000.   Humble foreign policy, minding our own business, no nation building. 
To say no president has ever had his policies is just 100% false. 
Ron Paul is the only true republican on the stage.   And what the past decade has done is shine the light on who are the true conservatives, and who is just hanging on to it for power and to manipulate.
The others are Republican in name only.    They don’t do what they claim.  And many of the republicans running now, like Newt and Romney have already committed to the changes from GWB, and they will be run out of the party eventually.
Send the neo-cons back to the left where they belong IMO.  Wars and this nation building crap has ALWAYS been a position of the left.   LBJ, FDR, Woodrow Wilson, and so on.
Anonymous
Oh, so it should be easy for you to name all the cuts to government the republicans made while in power.
Just a few examples will be fine.
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=733620176 Harry McGuire Jr
Really?  They are trying to take the movement away that Ron Paul helped drive?  He has been looked at as the Grandfather of the Tea Party since this started, so take this total crap and go elsewhere, Ron Paul is winning and Limbaugh saying otherwise doesn’t matter, the people trust Ron Paul.. You cannot stop that!!
Anonymous
Or maybe it sounds like the only guy who the elitists won’t give millions to, because they are afraid he is going to crumble their rich little empire.  
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CXACBFM5CPWV2TQH3GC2WEARQY James Farner
Notice how the trolls relegate their comments to shock value and name-calling.  Most likely a desperate newt campaigner
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CXACBFM5CPWV2TQH3GC2WEARQY James Farner
Bill Hicks’ description of Rush Limbaugh:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZsLF336fmk
Anonymous
“They”, meaning the Kochs and other oligarchs, did take it away from the Paulites by the spring of 2009. not too long before the Tea Party and Rand Paul mutually embraced each other, Ron Paul disavowed any connection with the Tea Party.
Anonymous
Sure, that’s how it began, but by 2009, it had morphed into something else. 
http://www.facebook.com/RandACottrell Randy Cottrell
http://www.wnd.com/index.php?fa=PAGE.view&pageId=374925 Newt is the Kim Kardashian of politics!
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CXACBFM5CPWV2TQH3GC2WEARQY James Farner
LJB you are tenacious, I will give you that.  Also this comment made me laugh
Anonymous
I agree with RP on EVERYTHING except foreign policy. That is a deal-breaker.
http://www.redstateeclectic.typepad.com AngelaTC
Ron Paul’s position on 9/11 is the same position held by the Bush-era CIA and the 9/11 commission.  
Of course, if you depend on Rush, Hannity et al for your information, you don’t have the whole story.  It’s up to you to decide if you care enough to research  the truth, or if you are content to settle for being a talking point parrot of a flailing movement. People like you have bankrupted this country though, so I hope you’ll actually make an effort and challenge your beliefs. 
And the author is right – the TEA Party isn’t supposed to have a foreign policy position.  The “spend less, tax less” is their only position. 
http://www.redstateeclectic.typepad.com AngelaTC
Really? He’s been in Congress for more years than the other candidates combined. He sits on the House Foreign Affairs committee, and gets far more information than he’s allowed to disclose.  Why would you presume to know more than he does?
Anonymous
The media’s ignoring, ridicule and outright smearing of Ron
Paul while bolstering other candidates
illustrates nicely the two great modern
schemes operating in American politics facilitated by the mainstream media –
those being: the phony “two party paradigm” and the creation of the phony GOP
“tea party”. First, the concept of a modern “tea party” came on board with the
Ron Paul supporters back in 2007 during the campaign. Actual pounds of tea were
to be dropped by a hovering blimp into Boston Harbor on the historic day of the
original Boston tea party against British tyranny as a gesture of defiance to
the status quo (lost of civil liberties; unending illegal wars; nation building;
destruction of our currency; torture and extraordinary rendition; abuse of
civil liberties under the bogus Patriot Act etc.). Party affiliation, national
origin, race etc. wasn’t important – all were welcomed – only a love of liberty
and a willingness to fight for it and hence among those veterans the movement
is rarely regarded as “tea party” but instead the “liberty” or “freedom”
movement and it is definitely not GOP or Gingrich, Perry or Bachmann!!
 
“dynamic duo” – McCain and his side kick – Palin got their bloodied grinded
behinds handed back to them by Obama. This is exactly what the mainstream media
had orchestrated for the previous year – and the rank and file GOP voters
predictably bought it – they bought media served “stooge of the day” McCain and
side kick hook line and sinker! I invite you to research progressive AP
reporter Liz Soldoti’s coverage of McCain 2008 and see how she systematically
built him up “straight talk express” to become the GOP front runner – the MSM
knowing he was hopeless and would get creamed by Obama!
 
Immediately after the election in an attempt to do damage
control the RNC/GOP and right leaning media embraced “tea party” to co-opt the
movement for the progressive neo-cons – enter the right media ala FOX and the
likes of social controlling neo-con personalities such as Rush Limbaugh; Glenn
Beck and Sean Hannity. The left media, MSNBC etc. and their social controlling
components: Keith Obermann; Chris Mathews and Rachel Maddow in an effort to
maintain and reinforce the phony two party paradigm immediately hyped them
“racists” and “secessionists” nut jobs stressing the “tea party” as against
newly elected President Obama primarily because he was black!
 
Hence: the term “tea party” as currently hyped in the media
is a creation of the mainstream media and simply equates to good old American
progressive “neo-con”! The concept of “tea party” they propagate is a primary
tool currently used to continue the “two party paradigm”.  Anyone uninformed enough to buy in is being
seriously played and hasn’t taken the effort to analyze the actual facts – just
taking the media’s word for it like a good little boy or girl and maintain the
“status quo”.
Allow me to go a little Taoist on you – the “real” tea party
you hear about is not the “REAL” tea party!
 
Strange as it may seem, there is actually little
socio-economic and political ideological difference between – lets say, MSNBC
and FOX – only the illusion of one! Both the (so – called) right and left
factions of American mainstream media are all globalists – wanting to maintain
and expand American empire with all their corporate owners having direct BOD
relationships with the giants in the military industrial complex such as: GE;
Texaco; Chevron; Boeing; Lockheed Martin; Citigroup; Rockwell Automation;
Chase, WorldCom, and JP Morgan; Halliburton, etc. and thereby financially
benefit directly from the ongoing nation building and entrenched foreign
occupations.
So the mainstream media as a whole created the current “GOP
tea party” as is hyped today, to attempt to contain and control the actual
legitimate non-partisan “liberty movement” (being the actual REAL “tea party”
started by Ron Paul supporters in 2007) – it being a threat to the status quo
and use the phony “two party paradigm” to help them do it. This is the illusion
of two different parties counter balancing one another – please don’t say you
can’t remember recently this spring when republican Senator McCain and democrat
Senator Kerry went arm in arm bellowing for illegal war with Libya? Do you
not find it is strange that Obama never changed Bush/Cheney policies regarding:
torture; bailouts; WARS; Patriot Act and lost of civil liberties and abuse of
American citizenry. Exactly – both parties want huge intrusive central
authority – its just one side prefers to balloon the size of government with
aggressive warfare and less social welfare and vice-versa. Americans are spoon
fed the “two party paradigm” as a controlling device through the lame-stream
media – that’s why globalist neo-cons like Bachmann and Perry are being hyped
as “tea party” and that is why they are desperately trying to co-opt many of
Ron Paul’s life-long political positions on things, such as: auditing the
Federal Reserve.
For years have you scratched your head wondering – why are
our representatives in DC doing this? Are they trying to destroy America?
Unfortunately in a twisted sense – they are. For the globalist in both parties
it’s not about gaining a secure and prosperous American Republic;
upholding liberty maintaining the supreme law of the land – the U.S.
Constitution. It is totally about maintaining an economic empire for a select
group of oligarchs using the American military – our blood and treasure!  It’s about redistributing American wealth and
technology and building “emerging” economies in China
and India etc while de-industrializing America! It’s about destroying our
education system with federal control so that our young people test dismally
against students in the rest of the world in science and math! It’s about
defending borders overseas while leaving our southern border in the USA open
allowing for abuses of American citizens. We could go on and on about the
mistreatment Americans suffer at the hands of a rogue government! However, you and
I both know that throughout the process of the dismantling of America, the
mainstream media tells you “its okay – remember back in 2008 when they
spoon-fed us “don’t worry either top tier candidate, Obama or McCain will get
us on track”!  Now the media is trying to
force-feed us their GOP choice (Gingrich or Romney) AGAIN!
 
Yeah right! We know how that worked out!
 
The media is currently working overtime to convince voters
that the candidates like: Romney; Gingrich; Perry and Bachmann are
significantly different than President Obama – this is definitely pure BS! All
of the 2012 candidates (in both parties) polling significant numbers nationally
are deep in the pocket of international banking and the military industrial
complex EXCEPT RON PAUL! This corrupt system needs an on-going puppet in the
White House to keep bailing out criminals and keep this bogus war on terror
going and ramped up bombing and saber rattling all awhile the media keeping the
American people placated with the “two party paradigm” allowing for global
elites to steal American national wealth and sovereignty! Ron Paul is the only
candidate significantly different than Obama and therefore the ONLY ONE capable
of beating him on issues that the majority of Americans heavily support (like ending:
illegal wars; torture and illegal detention; abolishing the Patriot Act and
ending the Federal Reserve; stopping the failing “war on drugs and the abuses
of IRS and TSA as well as getting us out of treaty organizations that rob us of
our sovereignty such as: NATO and NAFTA etc.)
 
The “establishment” is in a real bind – the media’s “ignore”
phase for the “Ron Paul problem” hasn’t worked and the “discredit” phase is now
underway. These types of tactics are standard procedure in any third world
banana republic to marginalize legitimate opposition to the regime and status
quo. They have NO place in a free representative Republic!
 
So, fellow Americans if by now you haven’t acknowledged that
Obama is a corporate puppet you are in serious denial or part of the
subversion! If you want things to continue under the rule of the global
“banksters’ and “tanksters” – maintain the status quo and allowing tyranny to
grow under the phony “two party paradigm” – vote for the spoon- fed media’s
“top tier”: Obama; Romney; Gingrich; Perry; Bachmann etc., but if you
want things to truly change and have the assurance that you will have the right
to be heard and not silenced then begin to restore America liberty now and
support Ron Paul! He can’t be bought – and the establishment knows it! They
must use every means available to attempt to marginalize him – hence the
blackout, ridicule and smear! Check your states regulations for rules of
primary voting and do whatever it takes (you may have to join the Republican
Party) so that you can cast your primary vote for Ron Paul!
 
WE WON’T GET FOOLED AGAIN! Ron Paul 2012!!!
Anonymous
There he blows again! ‘Ol Brush Himoff spewing his false rhetoric, speaking when he should shut his mouth. Looks like he’s never passed up a buffet. Motor-mouthing heavily lying to cover the failure of the current(112th) Congress’ in-effectiveness. Paul was indeed a big factor in and of the TEA party in Texas, and all the lying ‘Ol Brush Himoff says is yet another lie. Remember to not stand between him and the buffet counter.
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=677383802 James Baker
If Ron Paul was to be nominated President, more Ron Paul Republicans would be elected along to congress at the same time.  There are a handeful of politicians who are running on Ron’s platform for Congress and the Senate and some are getting help from the campaign through endorsements.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Tyler-Watson/805220340 Tyler Watson
Ron Paul doesn’t know what’s going on in the world out there? I think the experts would disagree with you. Don’t believe me? Read for yourself and become enlightened.
