Mailing List
Government, today, has abandoned the principles upon which this nation was founded and which made this nation great. We envision a nationwide, united, grassroots network of conservative activists who are ready and willing to "roll up their sleeves" and work to RESTORE THE REPUBLIC to its founding principles.
We believe in... (1) Constitutionally Limited Government, (2) Fiscal Responsibility, and (3) Free Markets.
Sunday, April 8, 2012
PRESIDENTIAL SALARY: Is Ron Paul lying or ignorant about the Constitution?
I am continuing my research into Ron Paul, his record, and his campaign promises.  The information I am finding is disturbing - at best.
My last article dealt with Ron Paul's abuse of the earmark system by getting earmarks placed in bills then voting against the bills in order to make the claim that he never voted for any earmarks.  (Read the entire article ...  EARMARKS: A Ron Paul Hypocrisy )
Today, I have discovered another disturbing falsehood being tossed about by Ron Paul to garner favor with middle class voters.  The campaign website makes this quote, "President Paul will take a salary of $39,336, approximately equal to the median personal income of the American worker."
Ron Paul has been participating in federal politics for three decades.  I can not believe he is ignorant of the Constitution.  I think he knows, perfectly well, that it is UNCONSTITUTIONAL (Article II, Section 1) to alter the compensation of a President during the term of office.
Any change in compensation for the President applies to the NEXT term of office.  Therefore, a President Paul, would draw a $400,000 salary as prescribed by law (3 USC 102) for a minimum of one term in office.
He could, potentially, get the President's salary lowered for a second term but it is not something that he can just decide to do.  A salary reduction for the President would require an act of Congress.
The conclusion is obviious... Ron Paul knows the truth but thinks "We The People" are either stupid or ignorant enough to believe false promises and meaningless campaign rhetoric.
