Home | Features | Oct/Nov 11 | Tea Party Patriots: The Ron Paul Revolution
Tea Party Patriots: The Ron Paul Revolution
Font size:
“Deficit financing, big government, more taxes, more bureaucracy, more regulations, more policing the world…what are you guys talking about?” questioned Ron Paul, Republican Congressman of the U.S. House of Representatives.
Paul is one of nine front running candidates and a hopeful presidential nomination for the Republican Party, looking to unseat incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama.
The next presidential election—Nov. 6, 2012—is 14 months ahead, but the race is already very much alive. This month, the American Business Journal reviews the major candidates and digs deeper on one candidate who in recent weeks is beginning to, and deservingly so, catch greater attention with the mainstream media. That candidate, of course, is Ron Paul.
Tea Party movement
Perhaps this story truly begins back in 1773, the year of the Boston Tea Party, when colonists refused a British tax on tea imports, expressing their dissatisfaction by dumping the tea into the harbour. Interestingly enough, many feel that the word ‘Tea’ is also an acronym for ‘Taxed Enough Already’.
Fast forward to the modern era and, in as much has changed, much remains the same. The Tea Party movement has returned, founded on conservative and libertarian values, advocating for reduced government spending, tax opposition, and great reductions to the national debt and the federal deficit. Accordingly, the three core values of the Tea Party Patriots preach fiscal responsibility, constitutionally limited government, and the promotion of free markets.
What Ron Paul is all about
Paul is all about libertarianism and Constitutionalism and, just like The Beatles, he’s calling for a revolution.
Though the Tea Party Patriots has no official leader or affiliation to the Grand Old Party, much of the political philosophy is relatable. Boston-based political science and foreign affairs magazine The Atlantic has dubbed 76-year-old Paul the “intellectual godfather” of the Tea Party movement and the Tea Party Patriots. Knowing Paul’s political history, and political beliefs, it’s a valid stance.
Like the Tea Party Patriots, Paul offers a different kind of thinking, guided by principle. Standing up to the “Washington machine”, Paul offers change where it is of most importance—at the top. Repeatedly voting against every tax increase and every unbalanced budget, in every instance, and any proposed legislation that he believes gives government too much power, Paul wants to stop the out-of-control spending and return the focus to restoring American liberty. Strictly adhering to the Constitution, as he stated is designed to protect individual liberty and to astray the government, Paul believes much of the work by the current administration and, specifically, its policies toward foreign relations, runs against the Constitution.
Why Obama must go
Most recently, Paul disagreed with the killing of Anwar al-Awlaki, a believed leader with the al-Qaida extremist militant group. Paul believes the assassination of al-Awlaki was “unconstitutional” as al-Awlaki, an American-born citizen of New Mexico, has a Constitutional right to be charged with a crime and arrested for trial, as according to American law. Paul went as far as to say Obama should be impeached for al-Awlaki’s assassination and that the Obama administration has crossed the line from “republic to dictatorship”. Added Paul, “[Obama] can now assassinate people without due process? What is going on with this country? But you ask me if it’s an impeachable offense, and it is! [It’s] just ignoring the Fifth Amendment and assassinating American citizens without due process.”
“The message of liberty is what America is all about,” Paul said in a statement. With the nation $14 trillion in debt, millions unemployed, and the American dollars in decline, it doesn’t bode well for the (limited) progress made under President Obama since 2008-09.
Time to hit the refresh button.
Tea Party Patriots claims that Obama, the “smooth talking politician”, offers lost hope, failed policies, failed leadership, and division. Under Obama, the nation has not made enough progress in several areas, from the national debt, to the War on Terror, to job creation, to the much-maligned ‘Obamacare’ health care reform.
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the national unemployment rate under Obama has climbed as much as two per cent, peaking at 10.1 per cent in October 2009, double digit jobless and the highest unemployment level since April 1983. And while much of this can be attributed to the previous administration as well as the economic downturn that rocked the United States, there remains shockingly little improvement, and talk of a double-dip recession, improvement under Obama. Factor in the costly American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, an economic stimulus package to the tune of $787 billion, signed in February 2009, and it not a stretch to say there is waste in Washington.
Recent multiple reports show that Obama’s approval rating continues to lurk around 40 per cent. Obama’s approach toward job creation has not reflected in a positive statistical manner. Millions and millions of Americans are still jobless. In fact, according to July figures released by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the state of California, home to nearly 38 million Americans, reported a jobless rate north of 12 per cent. In September, Obama signed the America Invents Act, as a means of reform legislation to help American businesses bring their products to market sooner, creating new businesses and new jobs. The Act will potentially allow American business to focus on innovation and job creation, rather than bureaucratic notions like costly delays and unnecessary litigation.
Meanwhile, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or more commonly known as Obamacare, was signed into law in March 2010. The now-infamous Obamacare did not receive a single Republican vote and since the Republicans took control of the House of Representatives in November 2010, the party, including Paul, has voted to repeal Obamacare. Many believe that Obamacare is unconstitutional, and is too expensive of a program for the poor quality of service received by the American public.
“We’re on the verge of going broken,” Paul has exclaimed. “I think people are realizing that this country is bankrupt and we have to do something. It is not working so they are looking for solutions.”
Time is up and it’s time to focus on a change in leadership. Paul offers the most needed and most sensible change, or as he put it, “The truth is simple…Tyranny or freedom are our only two choices.”
Next to the podium
While our focus is on Paul, it remains worthwhile to explore the other major candidates that could potentially take the Republican side of the ballot. It’s also worth investigating why these candidates fall short in measuring up to the Texas Congressman.
Beginning, alphabetically, with Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann, she’s perhaps the most grounded to the principles of the Tea Party Patriots, but not quite what the American electorate needs. Bachmann has done far better than expected in the polls, but it’s difficult to imagine that keeping pace. With statements by Bachmann such as, “Without this amendment, Minnesota could have gay marriage imposed on us. If we allow this to happen, group marriage, polygamy, and things much worse may not be far behind,” it’s difficult to imagine her campaign maintaining steam and gaining necessary support.
Next up is Herman Cain, perhaps the most interesting of the bunch in that he is not currently connected within the American political climate. Cain is best known for his business achievements in the food and restaurateur industry, with Pillsbury, Burger King, Godfather’s Pizza, and the National Restaurant Association.
From 1992 to 1996, Cain served as the Deputy Chairman and then Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. Politically, Cain represents the off-the-board option in that the American voting public may be intrigued by the freshness he brings to the political scene, but considering future dangers of the current economic climate in the United States, now may not be the time for high risk.
Newt Gingrich is one of the more recognizable names aspiring for the Republican nomination. While some were surprised when Gingrich threw his name into the hat of the Republican race, his history with Washington backs up his desire to run. Serving as Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives under former President Bill Clinton from 1995 to 1999, Gingrich aims to change the course put in place by the Obama administration. In May 2010, Gingrich authored the book, To Save America: Stopping Obama’s Secular-Socialist Machine, and that really should prove all the detail necessary as to why Gingrich wants to become the next President of the United States. Additionally, another big initiative for Gingrich is the environment, replacing the Environmental Protection Agency with a “new way of thinking” that proposes green conservatism and solutions that make America an energy independent nation.
Of all the major candidates, John Huntman represents perhaps the most laid back–never a bad thing—but potentially poison in the political world. As the former Governor of Utah, Huntsman’s experience is diverse, from serving as U.S. Ambassador to Singapore (1992-93) to U.S. Ambassador to China (2009-11). In many a debate so far in the 2012 campaign, Huntsman has made plenty of reference to the ‘American Dream’, the pursuit of happiness, jobs, entrepreneurship, and the creative class, not bogged down in regulation and taxation.
Rick Perry, the current Governor of Texas, announced his bid for the Republican nomination on August 13, after much speculation whether or not he would enter the race. Since, Perry has received great support, his name consistently near the top in a variety of polls, until recently. Many speculate that Perry is having difficulty resonating in a big way with voters outside his home state of Texas. The first Governor of Texas since former President George W. Bush, Perry drew public ire with his stance toward immigration, seeming as a ‘flip flop’ toward immigration reform, with his promotion of in-state tuition, nearly $100,000, for illegal immigrants. However, a big point in favor of Perry is that the state of Texas has created the most new net jobs since the economic downturn, and it’s by a significant margin. According to U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, about 37 per cent of all new net jobs since the beginning of the economic recovery have been created in Texas.
Mitt Romney, the former Governor of Massachusetts and the Republican front runner, had much to debate on Perry’s immigration stance. Romney, who finished third in the running to fellow Republican candidates John McCain and Mike Huckabee in the 2008, accuses Perry of giving preferential treatment to those with illegal immigrant status rather than American citizens and American students. Such legislation was vetoed by Romney in his home state of Massachusetts.
Romney has also gone on the attack toward President Obama, accusing the leader that he has never had a real, private sector job and therefore does not know how to engage in job creation. Romney’s campaign looks toward the next generation and, with that, private sector job creation. Romney believes that a “stimulus approach” has not worked in the past and it would be foolish for the Obama administration to again pursue this route. Romney would pursue a “major re-haul to the entire American economic foundation.” Romney believes that the private sector, rather than the government, has a better economic approach.
Meanwhile, Governor Perry has accused Romney on Massachusetts health care reform, or more commonly known through the mainstream media as ‘Romneycare’, similar to Obamacare. Perry has referred to Romneycare, which mandates nearly every Massachusetts citizen obtain, at minimum, state-regulated healthcare insurance coverage, as “socialized medicine”.
Rick Santorum served as U.S. Senator of Pennsylvania for 12 years. Arguably the least known Republican candidate, Santorum was quoted in The Des Moines Register, “You wonder why is the national media not talking about me…nobody seems to want to pay any attention to me.” In debates, Santorum exemplifies his conservative stance, as quoted, “Some people say Barack Obama’s economy is not a disaster. My feeling is that it would have to make a dramatic improvement just to be a disaster.” Still, the mainstream media notes Santorum as “unelectable”, perhaps relating to his defeat in the 2006 U.S. Senate election, when he was defeated by Democrat Bob Casey, Jr. by a margin of 18 per cent, the largest margin of defeat by an incumbent Senator in more than 25 years.
Lastly, Gary Johnson, the former Governor of New Mexico, who has yet to gain much ground in the polls, has shown favorable stances but may not have enough substance to stand up to the likes of the Mitt Romneys and Ron Pauls of the Republican world. Johnson supports corporate tax cuts as a way to stimulate job creation, wittingly adding, “My neighbor’s two dogs have created more shovel-ready jobs than this current administration.” Johnson is also noted for being in favor of immediately removing American troops from Afghanistan and Iraq.
On October 5, potential dark horse Sarah Palin made headlines with her announcement that she would not seek a presidential bid in 2012. Prior to her announcement, Palin was the biggest name remaining who could be added to the ballot. Referring to the Tea Party movement as “the future of politics in America”, the former Governor of Alaska gained popularity as running mate to Republican candidate John McCain in the 2008 presidential election.
Ron Paul’s straw poll
Upon reflection, these candidates present “more of the same” notions. Where is the real and positive change? Paul, on the other hand, provides the necessary change, the kind of major changes America requires to truly move forward. Paul offers real leadership, true job creation and aims to bring peace.
It’s interesting to note that, of all the major Republican candidates, Paul has received the most funding from military personnel. Paul has stated, “There is a difference between military spending and defense spending…there is room to cut on military spending.” With more fundraising support from the military than any other Republican candidate, as well as Obama, it’s not difficult to link Paul’s promise to immediately return American troops from Afghanistan and Iraq, and to close American military bases around the world, as reasoning behind such support. Clearly Paul’s anti-war stance is recognized. Paul has been quoted, “[Our] lack of diplomacy is the greatest threat.”
Paul, who has twice previously run for President of the United States, in 1988 and 2008, promotes the principles of limited government, seen through his favoritism toward term limits, and as a big proponent in the abolishment of federal government agencies, such as the Department of Education, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Homeland Security, nothing these as “unnecessary bureaucracies”. Paul is also in favor of the “gradual elimination” of the Federal Reserve System, an entity he blames for inflation. Paul has refused to sign up for the “immortal” congressional pension system, believing this lucrative taxpayer-funded system for well-paid politicians is a waste for the taxpayer and something that can be cut immediately. It’s also interesting to note that Paul receives a large majority of his campaign donations from individuals, rather than political groups and union organizations. Paul’s policy of less government is beginning to resonate with the electorate, reflected in the outcome of a few primary Straw Polls thus far as well. Notably, these presidential primaries represent the selection process that will ultimately lead to the Republican nominee.
As always with the primaries, the beginning of the Republican nomination race was highlighted by the New Hampshire Straw Poll. Romney won a commanding 35 per cent, with Paul coming in a distant second place, with 11 per cent of the vote. However, the Washington, D.C. Straw Poll followed, this time with Paul finishing in the lead, with 30 per cent of the vote. Romney finished second place with 23 per cent. In 10 other major Straw Polls, Paul finished first place in four states, often with commanding leads.
The race now continues until the official nomination is granted early next year. With a focus on the key issues, rather than pie in the sky ideals, Paul continues to stand out among the rest, particularly in a time of American economic uncertainty and much-needed job creation. Perhaps Paul put it best, “This whole idea that government creates jobs is a fallacy. Only business people create real jobs.”
www.ronpaul2012.com
