Best article I have read in the past day!
THanks!!!!
Anonymous
Best breakdown of the phony ‘Tea Party’ Neo-Con propaganda fest put on by the GOP Lobbyis- er… “Tea Party Patriots’. The lengths to which the GOP and DNC Establishment are going to discredit Ron Paul are both breathtakingly shocking, and shockingly transparent. These people (unfortunately for them) think they can operate by the old 20th Century political paradigm, whereby they can ‘manage the message’ with a captured media and astro-turfed ‘grass roots’ organizations. Fortunately for the American Electorate, their lies, obfuscations and crass, baseless  attacks are readily discredited and widely and instantaneously disseminated though the NEW paradigm of the 21st Century- ‘Them Interwebs’ as they probably call them. 
ABC News Jason Volack put out a horrific hit piece with mis-quotes and outright lies about a Ron Paul Town Hall in NH tonight, of course without video that would prove him a liar. http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2011/12/ron-paul-attacked-for-views-on-health-care/  Within minutes of his story being posted, video of the event and even REBUTTALS on video were posted and widely disseminated. His blog was flooded with angry (and better-informed) Paul supporters who ripped his lame attempt at smearing. I’ve seen an equally amazing response to most of the attacks from the captured media. These old-school ‘old media’ attacks may work for some isolated and out-of-touch  people. But even folks like my 87-year-old father who has never logged on to a computer can see through the BS, and there are many sons, daughters, brothers and sisters and grandchildren who are spreading the word about the media’s bias every day.
keep up the good work, Robert. Your posts contain more sanity and logic than 99% of what you see in the corporate captured media!
Ejespady
I’m a state coord for TPP and I’ll tell you what happened. Ron Paul was not on the call so many of his supporters weren’t on there. They said he had prior commitments but I’m checking on the truth to be sure. Also, this article is wrong b/c only 4000 out of those 23,000 voted. Some national coords have tried to clear this up in the media but articles like this aren’t stating the truth behind the poll. Newt really only had 1240 votes out of 23000 on the call so barely only 5%. Seek the truth!
Marcharr3
The thing that is most troubling to those of us true grassroots conservatives in the Tea Party Patriots (disenchanted Republicans and Democrats, Independents, and DTSs) about Ron Paul is the irrational zeal Ron Paul supporters have for him.  Yes, he is a reliable Constitutionalist, and he is to be commended highly for that.  But faced with the very real possibility that Obama gets another 4 years and will succeed in his NWO agenda to turn America into Greece, one thing is indisputable: ALL conservatives MUST UNITE behind a single conservative candidate by next November.   Here is the evidence of the troubling distinction between rational patriots and irrational Ron Paul supporters:  I will very gladly unite behind and support Ron Paul if he becomes the nominee.  Will ANY RP supporter make the same patriotic, America first/personalities last, statement if RP does NOT get the nomination?  Anyone???  Just as we feared: silence.  
You cannot serve America, the Constitution, AND a personality too.  That is a cult.  When I hear Ron Paul make this same “just in case” statement to his supporters, I will stop worrying about him and you folks.  Otherwise, I salute your love of American and our Constitution.  I mean that.
Not a hater, so stop with the Alinsky ‘victim’ tactics, eh.  That just makes you look like Obots who have infiltrated the RP movement in order to divide the conservative vote and gaurantee a victory for the Obamanation.  (Oh, you worry about chemtrails and the Bilderbergers, but not about the cunning and ruthlessness of the left’s political wickedness??)  Make sure you are not what THEY view as “useful idiots”.  And the Tea Party Patriots will make sure we are not the same for the hacks in the GOP who we are justifiably  agree are just as bad as the Democrats.
God bless America!
http://twitter.com/TheFederalGovt Leviathan
I think you mis-judge the extent of Paul’s appeal.  I personally am considering voting for a Republican rather than a Libertarian for the first time in my life.  Others are considering leaving the Democratic party to vote for him.  Like Reagan, Paul could actually significantly grow the Republican party.   Your insistence on tearing down the only Republican candidate beating Obama in the polls, and calling his supporters cultists, strikes me as a bit mis-guided. 
http://twitter.com/TheFederalGovt Leviathan
I think you mis-judge the extent of Paul’s appeal.  I personally am considering voting for a Republican rather than a Libertarian for the first time in my life.  Others are considering leaving the Democratic party to vote for him.  Like Reagan, Paul could actually significantly grow the Republican party.   Your insistence on tearing down the only Republican candidate beating Obama in the polls, and calling his supporters cultists, strikes me as a bit mis-guided. 
takeover@hammeroftruth.com
Robert Morris
Robert Morris Tweets @TheFederalGovt , posts video as the More Freedom Foundation , and has written a quick pamphlet on the drug war that ...
