Cityscape: Thomas Jefferson High School
Page 1 of 1
AUSTIN — Presidential candidate U.S. Rep. Ron Paul joined forces with his son, Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., and U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz to address several thousand enthusiastic tea party supporters at the state Capitol Sunday.
The national group Tea Party Express sponsored the event, which featured 20-minute speeches from each of the candidates focusing on protecting personal liberties, limiting the federal government's power and promoting fiscally conservative ideas.
“We spend and borrow too much, we regulate too much and we print too much and then we get into a predictable crisis,” Ron Paul said. “My suggestion in my first year (as president) will be to cut the budget, in real terms, by $1 trillion.”
Although Ron Paul, R-Clute, has been labeled a long shot for the GOP's nomination, his supporters were in full swing behind the tea party pioneer, echoing chants of “President Paul” and “End the Fed.”
Ron Paul encouraged his supporters to “get Ted (Cruz) in the Senate to help out Rand.”
Cruz, the former Texas solicitor general who is in the middle of a heated race with Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst for retiring U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison 's open seat in Washington, welcomed the tea party support.
He agreed with the father-son duo that “dramatic cuts” are needed in the federal budget. Cruz borrowed a quote from the movie “Crocodile Dundee” — complete with his best impression of an Australian accent — to illustrate his point.
“That's not a knife, this is a knife,” Cruz said. “We need to eliminate unnecessary and unconstitutional agencies like the Department of Education ... the Department of Commerce , the Department of Energy , the National Endowment of the Arts. ... I would most like to eliminate the Internal Revenue Service .”
Cruz, who has been the biggest critic of his rival Dewhurst in the past debates, only mentioned his opponent a few times. He targeted Dewhurst for not supporting the TSA anti-groping bill during the last legislative session and for “spending a million dollars a week campaigning against me.”
kparker@express-news.net
