Randall Terry
Tea Party
The United States presidential election of 2012 was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012. It was the 57th consecutive quadrennial United States presidential election and it was revolutionary. The choices were clear. Barack Obama and, his running mate, Joe Biden were seen as the candidates that would continue to give the American people economic turmoil, more war, and high taxes. Randall Terry was seen as the "Champion of the Constitution", and the "Re-founding Father". Terry/Wells campaigned for restoring the republic by spreading the message of individual liberty, a sound foreign policy, personal responsibility, and economic freedom. Mitt Romney and Rudy Giuliani were seen as the alternative choice to "Randall Terry's Revolution". They were seen as candidates who were for continuing the wars, giving less personal liberties, and being the same old politicians. American's wanted real change, they wanted revolutionary change, and they fought for the revolution. The American citizens got deserved - Freedom.
As the US entered it's fourth year in 2nd Great Depression, the economy began the main theme. The unemployment rate was at an estimated 25% during the campaign. In the first few months of the election campaign, Social Issues also played a key role. Then the invasion of Iran took place in December of 2011 - Foreign Policy, National Security, and American Sovereignty became as important as the Economy.
Pro-life activist Randall Terry, Tea Party candidate from West Virginia, defeated Incumbent President Barack Obama. Twenty-Five states changed allegiance from the 2008 election. Each had voted for the Republican or Democrat in 2008, they contributed to Terry's landslide Electoral College victory, and Tea Party candidate's unexpected vote. The results were known on November 6, 2012. Terry/Terry received 322 electoral votes, Obama/Biden received 116, Romney/Giuliani received 100.
President Obama's Tea Party opponent was pro-life activist Randall Terry of West Virginia, a very strong conservative. Although some political pundits predicted a close race, Randall Terry would win the 3rd greatest popular election landslide since the beginning of the former U.S. two-party system in the 1850s, carrying 322 electoral votes, and winning won 60% of the national popular vote, the highest popular-vote percentage won by a U.S.presidential candidate since Ronald Reagan's, 59% popular vote, 1984 victory over Walter Mondale.
Obama's other opponents were from the Republican party, the Republican Presidential candidate was former governor Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, a social and economic moderate. Although some political pundits predicted the Republicans would receive less than 9%, Romney/Giuliani would win 100 electoral votes, and won 18.5% of the national popular vote.
