soundoff (40 Responses)
Marie MD
Sorry old man but you have to get off the fence. Nits either the tea baggers or Occupy.  You can't be behind both.
When you lose and go back home why don't you travel to Egypt with that son of yours.  They like to beat up women also for speaking up for their rights.  Make sure yourngoons go sit you because you can hardly walk straight!
December 23, 2011 11:52 am at 11:52 am |
anagram_kid
Libertarianism looks great on paper and that is where it should stay. It might work in a very small population with an agricultural economy, where peer pressure forces responsibility, but a large population with a very complex economy, that includes faceless multinational corporations, requires regulation. The fact that we have to post speed limits in school zones and have signs in restrooms reminding people to wash their hands is all the proof I need that we are not ready for libertarianism.
December 23, 2011 11:52 am at 11:52 am |
Rudy NYC
Ron Paul supporters do not want to talk about the real Ron Paul and his entire record.
Even Ron Paul doesn't want to talk about the real Ron Paul and his entire record.
Ron Paul supporters have cried for the spotllight on their candidate.  So far he has run from it.
December 23, 2011 11:59 am at 11:59 am |
Logic in LA
This man is not a Republican.To be a member of a political party you must follow their thinking and he does not. He may call himself a Republican but there is nothing in his voting, speaking or actions that say "Republican"
This by the way , is not a bad thing. Just an observation.
I can't call myself a a Christian and not believe in Christ.
December 23, 2011 12:00 pm at 12:00 pm |
Nash
My question to Paul supporter, how does he plan to accomplish what he is promising with a Congress that is sustained by defense spending special interest? This is will never be accomplished in this day and time, not to mention the jobs tied to the defense industry.
December 23, 2011 12:02 pm at 12:02 pm |
Leeds
Paul makes so much sense but his foriengn policy ruins him.  Washington has become so corrupt it seems difficult to think any one person can turn it around.  GOP thought Bush would turn it around and he spent like a sailor.  Dems thought Obama and he spent like three sailors, and gave us Obamacare and Solyndra (thinks he is a green energy Czar) as his vision for America.  We had Clinton and Reagan as our last good leaders and we haven’t had a winner since.
December 23, 2011 12:03 pm at 12:03 pm |
Common Sense
I'll just write what everyone knows: Ron Paul is a kook and so is his son, Rand.  Completely unelectable
December 23, 2011 12:05 pm at 12:05 pm |
anagram_kid
Brian wrote,  “Freedom to sink or swim on your own…” That is a big problem since none of us are on our own. You share this country with millions of others. Personally, I would rather share it with educated, healthy, employable people.  It benefits you Brian when others succeed, so how is not beneficial to you to help them reach that success? Also, did you obtain all of your success all on your own? I doubt it.
December 23, 2011 12:06 pm at 12:06 pm |
LibertyMama
More liberty and less taxes is a radical idea... the founding fathers were radicals, but they were right.
December 23, 2011 12:10 pm at 12:10 pm |
Thai
I have my disagreements with Ron Paul–mainly on domestic issues, but the Office of the President doesn't have unchecked power over any of the domestic issues.  Economic issues are handled by Congress and influenced by the President, not dictated by the President.  Social issues are actually issues that are fought out on the streets with peaceful protesting (think MLK, JR).  Presidents and Congresses simply give into the people's desires on social issues after the people show what they want–regardless of the personal feelings of the actual President and Congresspeople.
Wars, however, are controlled by the President, and for the past few decades the President has been able to go to war (or end the war) without Congressional approval.  Therefore, when considering a candidate for President, his stance on war is the most important aspect of his candidacy.
And I agree with Ron Paul 100% on his views on war.
So he gets my vote, even though I actually on Obama on more total issues than with Paul.  It's just that if I look at the areas where the President has unchecked power, I agree with Paul more than anyone else.
December 23, 2011 12:14 pm at 12:14 pm |
Scott
@MN Mom
Have you read any of his works?  I have.  The argument is that government proves to raise costs on lower class and middle Americans when they get involved in Healthcare.  Historically, the percentages of Americans insured with Healthcare has decreased the more and more government gets involved, because the expense gets to high and individuals can't afford it, and then companies can't afford it.
I suggest you read a little more as to the reasoning behind his philosophies, because most scholars will say it makes the most sense.
Sure, healthcare might not be given out by the government, but under a Paul philosophy, reducing access to lawsuits and letting markets decide pricing, you wouldn't have "free healthcare", but the cost would be half or a quatrer what it is today, which would make it vary much more accessible.
"Accessible" is a relative term.  Acceptable exam for $200?  Or an acceptable exam at $50?  Would it be better to have government dolling out the $200 exam fee and forcing individuals not to afford it out of pocket?  Or make it affordable by getting government out of the regulations?
December 23, 2011 12:15 pm at 12:15 pm |
Scott
@anagram_kid
The government's involvement in inflating house prices, education prices, healthcare prices, oil prices, food prices, all contribute to low income and middle income families having to spend more on every day goods.  This feeds the rich, as the prices rise because government is eager to give everyone a "fair shot" by simply paying for it and then putting the debt on the person or society.
That is a stupid tactic.  How many Americans went into a loan that was twice the amount of what the market would have said the price fo a house was?  How much debt will the pay and interest will they pay to some big banking firm?
How many students will go to the State University and rack up $50k of debt because the government hands out free loans?  Why WOULDN'T the Universities raise prices on students because there are more applicants than availability?  That is supply and demand.  Demand goes through the roof, prices go up.  And the stduents get the debt.
We should all read one of his books before jumping to conclusions, because by golly, he is so right on so many things.
December 23, 2011 12:19 pm at 12:19 pm |
He and his followers are the only ones who have woken up from the "Matrix" ( the crazy corrupt US political/ Fed Reserve system), and the "agents" (GOP/DEMS/Media) are after him and his followers.
December 23, 2011 12:20 pm at 12:20 pm |
ObamaJoe
Wow,,,,,,,,,,,,,he has a golden tie now,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Good for you ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, Paul,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Wish you will win Iowa,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
December 23, 2011 12:22 pm at 12:22 pm |
.Ralph
Ron Paul, isn't any different than Ross Perot; both extreeme fringe canadates with Ideology that appeal to only a few, AND, would be detrimental to the USA as a whole.
December 23, 2011 12:22 pm at 12:22 pm |
