 | 5.12.2012  at 4:42 AM  
Your Varones Voters Guide to the June 5 primary:
Republican nominee for President: Ron Paul.  To vote for Paul, you need to register Republican by May 21.  You can get a form here or at the post office.  I believe everyone should do so, as Ron Paul is a clear alternative to the corrupt, crony capitalist, bankster-owned, war-mongering, civil-liberties-killing mainstream Democrats and Republicans.  Democrats, Libertarians, and independents get no choice in the primary (other than writing in Mickey Mouse ), and the primaries for all other positions are open, so there's no reason not to register Republican.  You can re-register Dem or no party immediately after the election.
Senator: Gail Lightfoot.  Unfortunately, we won't have a choice for Senator as no serious candidate is challenging uber-establishment career politician, 1%-er, and authoritarian Dianne Feinstein.  Orly Taitz is the only other name I recognized among the twenty-something on the ballot.  She's a Tea Partier but an obsessive Obama birther who has zero chance.  Give Gail Lightfoot, retired nurse and Libertarian, your protest vote.
Prop 28: No.  This is a sham term-limit initiative written by legislators to weaken the term limits passed by voters.  California voters will probably fall for it.
Prop 29: No.  Another $1 a pack tax on cigarettes.  Taxes are already so high on cigarettes that people are buying in bulk out of state or on the black market.  No more taxes until the state addresses the real fiscal problem: pensions.
San Diego Candidates and Initiatives:
San Diego Mayor: Carl DeMaio.  DeMaio is the only reformer in the race.  District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis is a GOP establishment coddler of corruption .  Nathan Fletcher is a slimy opportunist who was behind the scenes supporting the Schwarzenegger tax hikes while pretending to be a fiscal conservative.  Bob Filner is a union-owned Washington Democrat.
Congress, 49th District: Darrell Issa owns this district, and none of the other candidates appear to be mounting a serious campaign.  Take your pick.
Congress, 52nd District: Brian Bilbray needs to go.  He's an establishment GOP politician who voted for the debt ceiling can-kicking and the budget continuing resolution with no spending cuts, as well as the NDAA indefinite detention of American citizens.  Take physician Wayne Iverson, who's campaigning against the Obamacare abomination.
State Assembly, 76th District: Sherry Hodges is the GOP establishment pick, and a lock to win.  Take Rocky Chavez or Farrah Douglas as a protest.
Board of Supervisors, 3rd District: Dave Roberts.  Steve Danon is Brian Bilbray's chief of staff, a creature of the GOP machine, and a real brown-nosing weasel.  Dave Roberts is the deputy mayor of Solana Beach, a pension-reforming Democrat.
San Diego City Prop A: Yes. Open city jobs to non-union contractors.
San Diego City Prop B: Yes.  Reform pensions before they bankrupt us.
