Posted by Admin in News , Other Articles on  06 1st, 2012 | no responses
You probably are aware that the Bilderberg elites are meeting this weekend. In case you are still wondering who these people are and what they do and why the press doesn’t cover them, there is a plethora of information about them on the web so we won’t waste time explaining here.
If you know who they are, but are still one of the doubters who thinks the Bilderberg crowd is not an elitist group of puppeteers working against the individual sovereignty of countries, then get this…
According to reporter Jim Guy Tucker’s insider info, attendees at this year’s conference have leaked some pretty shocking comments made by some of its most sinister members; included are royalty, heads of US state, and heads of major corporations and their protectors from the Wall Street Journal and New York Times; who are apparently frustrated at the “patriot” movement for thwarting the elitists’ efforts to control the world.
The shocker was not new; they stated that they wished Ron Paul could be assassinated back in 2007 as he prepared his campaign for the presidency
The exact quote this time was the desire to “Get Ron Paul and all of his supporters on an airplane with a Muslim suicide pilot and take ‘em down”…
Do we need any more proof these global oligarchs hate the liberty movement and want Paul and his minions in the freedom revolution dead?
Ron Paul is viewed by many as the only candidate in the 2012 presidential election who would bring ‘change’ to the country. He is feared by the globalists who are said to pick all presidents, determine gas prices, stage the wars, and manipulate the money. Indeed, among them are global bankers, heads of oil companies, and US government officials who are all meeting in violation of the Logan Act .
More information will be forthcoming about their discussions which are expected to include the imposition of the UN’s Law of the Sea Treaty and Agenda 21 which Americans have thusfar resisted.
From the article:
“Back in December 2007, best-selling author and Bilderberg sleuth Daniel Estulin told the Alex Jones Show that the U.S. intelligence establishment was considering assassinating Paul as a means of derailing the Ron Paul Revolution, which later gave rise to the Tea Party and spawned a generation of anti-big government grass roots activists.”
They did succeed in a way, because in 2008, their protectors in the controlled media did hit piece after hit piece on Ron Paul. Because gullible conservatives believed what was said about Paul, he did not succeed in the primary. However, his ideas of freedom, liberty, and national sovereignty are gaining momentum. In 2012 he’s been able to take enough delegates away from Romney that he has thusfar denied Romney the amount of delegates it would take to assume the nomination. As a result of Paul’s success in over 11 caucuses, there will be a fight in Tampa.
Be sure to watch these videos, and remember, THESE CRIMINALS DO HAVE THE POWER TO DO WHATEVER IT IS THEY THREATEN.
Here is the article in full.
Heated conversation about Congressman dying in plane crash takes place in hotel lobby
by Paul Joseph Watson
First published at Infowars.com
Friday, June 1, 2012
During a heated conversation in the lobby of the Westfields Marriott hotel yesterday, Bilderberg members expressed their desire to see Ron Paul die in a plane crash, according to veteran journalist Jim Tucker’s inside source.
The close up shot was necessary to eliminate background noise. A full interview with Jim Tucker (AmericanFreePress.net) will be posted later (at infowars.com).
The shocking exchange took place just after Bilderberg attendees started arriving yesterday morning as they were driven through crowds of hundreds of Paul-supporting demonstrators.
Wasting no time to shoot their mouths off, one Bilderberg member expressed his desire to, “Get Ron Paul and all of his supporters on an airplane with a Muslim suicide pilot and take ‘em down,” according to Tucker’s source, which has been proven routinely accurate with Bilderberg information in the past.
“That was the harshest comment made but there were a lot of mean-spirited comments made as the Bilderberg boys gathered in the lobby of the hotel,” added Tucker.
Tucker explained that the Bilderbergers are becoming increasingly irate at the resistance amongst patriotic Americans to their program, with protest figures rising at each annual confab.
“The program planned by Bilderberg has been set back for years and every year it gets worse and every year they get more depressed and every year they get more outraged – we’re winning, they’re losing,” said Tucker.
Bilderberg is furious that Paul is working to stop the full ratification of the Law of the Sea Treaty, which as we documented yesterday is being discussed at this year’s conference. The treaty would hand the United Nations control over all U.S. oceans and force ships to pay a tariff directly to the global body.
This is not the first time Bilderberg members have expressed their desire to see the Texan Congressman and staunch constitutionalist meet his maker.
Back in December 2007, best-selling author and Bilderberg sleuth Daniel Estulin told the Alex Jones Show that the U.S. intelligence establishment was considering assassinating Paul as a means of derailing the Ron Paul Revolution, which later gave rise to the Tea Party and spawned a generation of anti-big government grass roots activists.
—
Among the attendees at this year’s conference are Jill Abramson, head honcho of the New York Times. Watch how she evades the question about the meeting and why the NYT doesn’t cover it.
Canadian Premier Alison Redford of Calgary also attended. The Calgary Herald interviewed a past attendee who admitted “…it’s one of the most potent, powerful meetings you’ve ever seen.”
