What Proud Progressive is teaching is strait out of the book Psychopolitics.
CHAPTER XIV: The Smashing of Religious Groups
Traditionally, both in civilized and barbaric nations, the priesthood alone had complete charge of the mental condition of the citizen. As a matter of great concern to the psychopolitician this tendency still exists in every public in the Western World and scientific inroads into this sphere have occurred only in official and never in public quarters.
The magnificent tool welded for us by Wundt would be as nothing if it were not for official insistence in civilized countries that "scientific practices" be applied to the problem of the mind. Without this official insistence or even if it were to be relaxed for a moment, the masses would grasp stupidly for the priest, the minister, the clergy, whenever mental conditions came into question. Today in Europe and America "scientific practices" in the field of the mind would not last moments if not routinely enforced by officialdom.
Care must be taken to hide the fact that the incidence of insanity has increased only since these "scientific practices" started to be applied. Much mention must be made of "the pace of modern living" and other myths as the cause of the increased neurosis in the world. We care n...
Travis,
What Proud Progressive is teaching is strait out of the book Psychopolitics.
CHAPTER XIV: The Smashing of Religious Groups
Traditionally, both in civilized and barbaric nations, the priesthood alone had complete charge of the mental condition of the citizen. As a matter of great concern to the psychopolitician this tendency still exists in every public in the Western World and scientific inroads into this sphere have occurred only in official and never in public quarters.
The magnificent tool welded for us by Wundt would be as nothing if it were not for official insistence in civilized countries that "scientific practices" be applied to the problem of the mind. Without this official insistence or even if it were to be relaxed for a moment, the masses would grasp stupidly for the priest, the minister, the clergy, whenever mental conditions came into question. Today in Europe and America "scientific practices" in the field of the mind would not last moments if not routinely enforced by officialdom.
Care must be taken to hide the fact that the incidence of insanity has increased only since these "scientific practices" started to be applied. Much mention must be made of "the pace of modern living" and other myths as the cause of the increased neurosis in the world. We care nothing about what causes it if anything does. But we must tolerate no evidence of any kind to get out and drive the public back to the church. If given their heads, if left to themselves to decide, independent of officialdom, where they would place their deranged loved ones the public would choose religious sanitariums and would avoid as if plagued the places where "scientific practices" prevail.
Given any slight encouragement, public support would instantly sweep all mental healing back into the hands of the churches. And there are churches waiting to receive it, clever churches. That terrible monster, the Roman Catholic Church, still dominates mental healing throughout the Christian world and well schooled priests are always at work to draw the public back to the fold. Among Fundamentalist and Pentecostal groups healing campaigns are conducted, which, because of their results, win many to the cult of Christianity. In the field of pure healing, the Church of Christ Science of Boston, Massachusetts excels in commanding the public favor and operates many sanitariums. All these must be swept aside. They must be ridiculed and defamed and every cure they advertise must be labeled a hoax. A full fifth of a psychopolitician's time should be devoted to smashing these threats. Just as in Russia we had to destroy the Church after many, many years of the most arduous work, so we must destroy all faiths in nations marked for conquest.
Insanity must hound the footsteps of every priest and practitioner. The best testimonials to his skill must be turned into gibbering madmen no matter what means we have to use.
You need not care what effect you have upon the public. The effect you care about is the one upon officials. You must recruit every agency of the nation marked for slaughter into a Foaming hatred of religious healing. You must suborn district attorneys and judges into an intense belief as fervent as an ancient faith in God that Christian Science or any other religious practice that might devote itself to mental healing is vicious, bad, insanity-causing, publicly hated and intolerable.
You must suborn and recruit any medical healing organization into collusion in this campaign. You must appeal to their avarice and even their humanity to invite their cooperation in smashing all religious healing and thus, to our end, care of the insane. You must see that such societies have only qualified Communist-indoctrinees as their advisors in this matter. For you can use such societies. They are stupid and stampede easily. Their cloak and degrees can be used quite well to mask any operation we care to have masked. We must make them partners in our endeavor so that they will never be able to crawl out from under our thumb and discredit us.
We have battled in America since the turn of the century to bring to nothing any and all Christian influences and we are succeeding. While today we seem to be kind to the Christian remember that we have yet to influence the "Christian world" to our ends. When that is done we shall have an end of them everywhere. You may see them here in Russia as trained apes. They do not know their tether will stay long only until the apes in other lands have become unwary.
You must work until "religion" is synonymous with "insanity." You must work until the officials of city, county, and state governments will not think twice before they pounce upon religious groups as public enemies.
Remember, all lands are governed by the few who only pretend to consult with the many. It is no different in America. The petty official, the maker of laws alike can be made to believe the worst. It is not necessary to convince the masses. It is only necessary to work incessantly upon the official, using personal defamation, wild lies, false evidence, and constant propaganda to make him fight for you against the church or against any practitioner.
Like the official, the bona fide medical healer also believes the worst if it can be shown to him as dangerous competition. And like the Christian, should he seek to take from us any right we have gained, we shall finish him as well.
We must be like the vine upon the tree. We use the tree to climb and then, strangling it, grow into power on its flesh
We must strike from our path any opposition. We must use for our tools any authority that comes to hand. And then at last, the decades having sped by, we can dispense with all authority save our own and triumph in the greater glory of the Party.
*** I think that about sums up what Proud Progressive is all about.****
If anyone wants to read the whole text you can find it at the following.
