Tea party: Romney most electable; Paul best president
January 25, 2012 7:59 PM
TOM McLAUGHLIN / Daily News
FORT WALTON BEACH — Mitt Romney is a close first choice to be the Republican presidential nominee for some 75 Fort Walton Beach Tea Party members. 
They also said Romney was the most electable candidate, despite their belief that U.S. Rep. Ron Paul would be the best president, according to a recent straw poll.
“This is good news,” said former Florida House Speaker Allan Bense, who drove from his home in Panama City to speak on Romney’s behalf Tuesday night at American Legion Post 235 in Fort Walton Beach.
“Mitt Romney won. He’s not supposed to win,” Bense said.
Indeed, Romney would hardly seem the GOP choice in conservative Okaloosa County.
Newt Gingrich, the darling of conservative voters at the moment, had handily won straw polls conducted by other county tea party organizations, said Fort Walton Beach member Tom Nelson.
Nelson attributed Tuesday’s interesting developments to the infiltration by about 15 libertarian Ron Paul supporters.
“When you advertise things like this, the libertarians come out,” Nelson said. “I expected them to go to Romney instead of anybody else. They influenced Romney’s numbers because they see him as most electable.”
The straw poll was the highlight of an evening that began with speeches supporting each of the four Republican presidential hopefuls by representatives of their campaigns.
Bense and Wendell Brock spoke on Romney’s behalf. Denese Haywald from Santa Rosa County highlighted Gingrich’s campaign. Randy Henning spoke for Paul and Jack Cukjati stumped for Rick Santorum.
Bense said he met Romney about six years ago and was impressed with the way he carried himself. His more conservative friends also were impressed, he said.
“I want someone that has been successful. I think Mitt Romney is the perfect person to take out (President Barack) Obama,” said Bense, citing Romney’s business acumen.
“Who would you rather have, someone successful like Mitt Romney or a teacher?” Bense asked rhetorically. “Nothing against teachers, but I’d like someone successful.”
Brock called Romney “the only one in the fight with executive experience.”
“He’s run a state (Massachusetts), and if you saw what he did with a Democratic-run Legislature you’d be amazed,” he said.
Henning defended Paul as electable. He noted that the Texas congressman has been elected 12 times and at 76 years old is in top shape.
Henning said the media has distorted Paul’s stance on the legalization of drugs. Paul wants to give the decision on legalization to the states, he said.
He said Paul wants to balance the nation’s budget in three years and make a trillion dollar cut in spending immediately.
“He wants to return the government to the Constitution,” Henning said. “And how’s he gonna do that? Veto, veto, veto.”
He said Paul’s campaign has received more support from active duty military members than all the other Republican candidates combined.
Haywald was just as supportive of Gingrich.
“America needs a clear, strong conservative. America needs Newt Gingrich,” she told the audience.
She credited Gingrich, as U.S. House speaker during the Clinton administration, for “working with bipartisan support to pass legislation.”
She said Gingrich stands behind U.S. ally Israel and the country’s space mission.
“Newt stands above the rest as the clear choice,” Haywald said. “He won’t waiver in the face of adversity. Together we can make a difference.”
Cukjati said Santorum, who has begun to fall back in the primary race, could beat Obama in November.
“I haven’t met anybody yet who voted Democrat last time and plans to vote Democrat again,” he said. “I think the administration has underestimated the mood of the country.”
Cukjati emphasized Santorum’s work on legislation to protect the unborn and his support of the Iran Freedom and Support Act.
“He knows the military and he supports the military,” Cukjati said.
Cukjati said Santorum could draw a sharp contrast between himself and Obama “as far as what have you done.”
“That will win the day for our candidate,” he said.
Cukjati said he believes Santorum as president would do the right thing in public as well as behind closed doors.
“I believe in a committed guy and I found him in Rick Santorum,” Cukjati said.
The straw poll, conducted after the speeches, found that 23 of 73 polled would vote for Romney. Twenty-one said they would vote for Paul, 19 for Gingrich and 10 for Santorum.
There were 72 votes counted for the “best president” question. Paul received 26 to Gingrich’s 20, Romney’s 19 and Santorum’s 7.
Romney was the choice of 29 as most electable, with Gingrich receiving 21 votes, Paul 15 and Santorum 7.
