I’m also tired of, not only excess taxes & wars, but:
1. Career politicians. Why is there no term limit for the House & Senate?
2. Senile old fools on the nation’s highest court being left there until you’re not sure if they’re dead because they haven’t moved in over an hour. Worse, when they leave (feet first wouldn’t surprise me since there’s no age limit for THEM, unlike the rest of the US), they’re  being replaced by people who intend to legislate from the bench, appointees with (again) NO term limits, no mandatory retirement, NO standards (Elena Kagan hasn’t ever been a judge; how does she rate being a Supreme Court Justice?). The closest we get to them being subject to the will of the people is the Senate confirmation proceedings. (I wonder when the House & Senate are going to wake up & realize they’re making themselves unnecessary if the judges can make laws without regard to what “we the people” want? It’s going to be a piece of cake for them to disband Congress; all they have to do is hand down a decision that the legislative branch isn’t necessary. There ARE countries ruled by their supreme court, & most of them are corrupt.)
3. Campaigning for the next election that starts about a week after inauguration, it seems. We need to limit the amount of time someone can campaign, period; doing so, especially for those seeking re-election, would allow them to do the job we pay them to do, instead of making campaigning a full time occupation. Plus, limit the amount of money they can spend so others who are qualified but poor might have a chance at running for office. In the UK, there is, I believe, only 4-6 weeks of campaigning permitted if memory serves from when my husband was stationed over there. While I can’t endorse the idea that the PM gets to decide IF & when there will be another election, I do like the limits on how long they can campaign. And can we please pass a law to make robocalling illegal as a campaign tool?
4. The preponderance of trial lawyers in the legislature practically guarantees things like lawsuit abuse are never going to see any real reform. We need to make it a law that you can give input on laws affecting your profession but you can’t vote on it. Maybe THEN an OB wouldn’t go bankrupt while abortion doctors make tons of cash under the table, much of which is unreported to the IRS (I’m a RN, I’ve heard them talk about the cash haul from those clinics). That, on top of the fact no matter how shoddy the procedure was done, I’ve yet to see a woman win a malpractice case against an abortion doctor, but they can sue an OB over practically nothing until the statute of limitations runs out AFTER the kid reaches age 21 (meaning they’re not safe from lawsuits until the kid’s 28 at least). Abortion may be legal, but it’s rarely safe; from what I’ve seen of the complication rate, women would be better off with hangars. I don’t like abortion, but if they’re going to do it, at least have some standards of care & adhere to them.
5. On a lighter note: There are so many stupid laws passed, so here’s one that will actually do some good: If they’re going to pass idiot laws, pass one that forbids TV advertisers from quadrupling the volume of their ads on TV; I’ve about jumped out of my skin more than once from the sudden increase. I’d bet there are old people who’ve had cardiac events because of it (but then, with Obamacare, we have to get rid of old people & those with chronic conditions or we can’t afford it-oh, wait, we can’t afford it anyway).
