Ron Paul Supporter Openly Calls For Assassination Of President Obama On Facebook Page (IMAGE)
December 18, 2011
By Stephen D. Foster Jr.
A supporter of Republican Presidential candidate Ron Paul openly called for the assassination of President Obama and his family on Sunday.
Libertarian Jules Manson of California wrote a Facebook post complaining about President Obama signing the National Defense Authorization Act and advocated assassinating Obama and his family. He also called for potential jurors to protect the assassins in court by voting ‘not guilty.’ He then posted the following statement as a comment on the original post:
“Assassinate the f****n n****r and his monkey children”
The Facebook page, Americans Against The Tea Party captured this image of the post:
Facebook users are outraged at this comment which has since been removed. Manson’s page has also been taken down because so many people have reported it for abuse. Manson has run for office before, but has failed thus far to win an election. His Facebook post just ended his hopes of ever winning political office. For any person to openly call for the assassination of the President of the United States is outrageous and should be tried for treason. If Republicans do not condemn this unacceptable instance of bigotry and hatred, they are just as guilty as Manson is.
facebook comments:
10 Responses to Ron Paul Supporter Openly Calls For Assassination Of President Obama On Facebook Page (IMAGE)
Steve Smith on December 19, 2011 at 5:32 PM
This guy, and his entire network, (hello tea party), should be brought to justice. Inciting violence is not acceptable.
Yes, speech can be extremely dangerous. We’re suggestible types.
Log in to Reply
Peter Fegan on December 19, 2011 at 4:44 PM
The real concern here should be the level of rhetoric that has been unleashed by the Right upon a gullible and dangerously unstable segment of the population. This guy is no different than thousands of neanderthals that are overtly racist.  The difference is that now he has someone to rev his engine every day.
This is NOT a First Amendment issue; this is blatant incitement to violence and it is threatening our very Republic!
Mark Halfmoon on December 19, 2011 at 8:49 PM
You said it Peter.
Log in to Reply
MJSimmons on December 19, 2011 at 1:21 PM
While this individual may be a supporter of Ron Paul. It does not mean in any way that Ron Paul himself or those who support the candidate would want to see any violence happen to the sitting President. To Date I have to admit I am liking what I hear more and more of Mr. Paul and his stance. The record in the past of his racist statements is something that will have to be dealt with when the time comes. I honestly believe even if Mr. Paul is chosen that the election would be close, but in the end President Obama would win. But that is my little old Opinion with no facts to back anything up with.
Log in to Reply
Dave on December 19, 2011 at 7:50 AM
Ron Paul supporters ( not all) seem to almost be borderline fanatical.Its almost as if they are indoctrinated. You cant visit a forum without Paul supporters flooding the blog with conspiracy theories . Disturbing to say the least.
Log in to Reply
Tim C on December 19, 2011 at 7:41 AM
All this article tries to do is bash Ron Paul and his supporters (indirectly)…Addicting Info is a joke.
JerseyCynic on December 19, 2011 at 6:48 AM
OMG are you kidding me
Log in to Reply
KayInMaine on December 19, 2011 at 5:47 AM
This threat should be taken seriously, because this tea bag wingnut has friends in the US Congress who are also tea bag wingnuts, who just might carry out Manson’s plan! Why trust the tea bags at this point? They’ve not given us a reason to, so why start now. The Secret Service should take action!
Log in to Reply
Esteban on December 19, 2011 at 4:16 AM
How can you expect anyone to take this website seriously when you try to attack people (Ron Paul) by the actions of someone whom Ron Paul does not support or is affiliated with?
I’m sure a Ron Paul joined the Air Force today, or a Ron Paul supporter cheated on his wife one time.  None of these things reflect on Ron Paul in any way and it is disingenuous to imply so.
Kim Cargo on December 18, 2011 at 11:27 PM
Give the sicko a call: 310-982-9478
