
Ron Paul (R-TX), Tea Party favorite, officially announces he's running for President in 2012 - New York Daily News
Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX) officially announced on Friday that he's running… (Kevin Winter/Getty )
Ron Paul (R-TX), Tea Party favorite, officially announces he's running for President in 2012
BY ALIYAH SHAHID
Friday, May 13, 2011
Ron Paul, the Tea Party's favorite Texan, is officially running for president.
The 75-year-old, known for his libertarian views, made the announcement on "Good Morning America" Friday, saying that after nearly 30 years in Congress, "the time is right."
This will be Paul's third attempt to win the Oval Office. He unsuccessfully ran for President as a Libertarian Party candidate in 1988. He made another bid as a candidate for the Republican nomination in 2008, where he finished fifth.
Paul is known for his unconventional views, including his desire to abolish the Federal Reserve System. He is vehemently opposed to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and favors deep cuts in defense spending.
On GMA, Paul addressed comments he made earlier this week in which he argued he wouldn't have killed Osama Bin Laden, but instead would have put him on trial and cooperated with the Pakistani government.
"If you compare what we did after World War II -- think of the worst Nazis that committed the Holocaust -- you know we arrested them, we tried them and we hung them. I don't know why we have to embark on a whole new system," Paul said.
He joins six other Republicans who have officially indicated their intention to run for the Republican nomination in 2012: ex-Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty, formerLouisiana Gov. Buddy Roemer, former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson and pizza chain entrepreneur Herman Cain.
Paul, who has a coast-to-coast grassroots following and prodigious fundraising skills, has been lagging in the latest polls.
According to a recent CNN survey , 10% of Americans supported Paul. He fell behind former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee (16%), billionaire businessman Donald Trump (14%) Romney (13%) and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (11%).
But when pitted directly against Obama, Paul trailed the president by only seven points, 52% to 45%.
