Infowars.com
December 20, 2011
The republican establishment is frightened to death of the prospect of a Ron Paul win in Iowa and New Hampshire. They will do just about anything to make him go away.
“Conservatives and Republican elites in the state are divided over who to support for the GOP nomination, but they almost uniformly express concern over the prospect that Ron Paul and his army of activist supporters may capture the state’s 2012 nominating contest — an outcome many fear would do irreparable harm to the future role of the first-in-the-nation caucuses,” writes Politico today.
Prior to Iowa governor Terry Branstad saying that if Paul wins the caucus it should be ignored, Chris Wallace of Fox News said that if Paul wins it does not count. Establishment pundits and operatives seem to think that if you ignore Ron Paul he will disappear.
Less than two weeks before the Iowa caucus, Sarah Palin – who declared in October she would not run – arrives on the scene to shake things up. “It’s not too late for folks to jump in,” Palin told Fox News on Monday. “Who knows what will happen in the future.”
“Any chance to see you making a play, even after Iowa, New Hampshire? There is time, Governor,” Fox’s Eric Bowling asked. Palin did not answer the question.
According to the corporate media, it is far too late for Palin to get back in the race, but there is another possibility – she may be ready to enter the race and act as a spoiler to upset the Paul campaign and draw Tea Party voters away from him.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Jeb Bush also raised the prospect of a late entry in the race on Monday when the Wall Street Journal published an op-ed penned by the former Florida governor and scion of the Bush crime family. Jeb was ebullient about capitalism and came off sounding very presidential.
“Efforts are underway by some wealthy Republican donors and a group of conservative leaders to investigate whether a new Republican candidate could still get into the presidential race,” writes Steve Moore via Red State. “The talk is still preliminary and somewhat wishful, but it reflects dissatisfaction with the two leading candidates, Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney.”
In fact, the effort to inject fresh blood – names thrown around include New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels, Donald Trump, Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and South Carolina Sen. Jim DeMint – has nothing to do with Romney or Gingrich. The establishment would be satisfied with either. The idea is to derail Ron Paul.
But even if Palin, Bush or any of the above do not throw their hats in the ring at this late hour, Republican establishment types are now murmuring about a brokered convention next year to negate the Paul Factor.
The neocon war pigs are especially vocal about getting rid of Ron Paul and continuing the cycle of never-ending war and destruction. William Kristol over at The Weekly Standard is calling for a brokered convention – he calls it a “deliberative convention” – to defeat the will of the American people.
“It’s a new political era. Perhaps that era will feature once again a real, deliberative convention – where the delegates, with the ghosts of Lincoln and FDR looking on, choose, on a second or third or fourth ballot, a compelling nominee and a consequential president,” Kristol writes.
Regardless of what happens in Tampa next year, between now and then the Republican establishment will do everything they can to sabotage the Ron Paul presidential campaign. They are determined to keep the political system exactly the way it is despite the fact most Americans are desperate for real change and many of them have decided that Ron Paul is the only candidate with a plan to stop the nation’s downward death spiral and restore its constitutional heritage.
Share this article:
