June 27, 2011, 1:15 pm
Tea Party Leaders Look to Bachmann, Paul and Perry
By KATE ZERNIKE
Who is the Tea Party candidate for president?
If a gathering of about 100 Tea Party leaders in Washington on Monday gives any indication, it’s Representative Michele Bachmann (who just announced her candidacy ), with Representative Ron Paul and Gov. Rick Perry vying for a close second (and probably edging her out on fervency of support).
Leaders from Tea Party groups in about 40 states gathered in the Washington offices of FreedomWorks, the libertarian advocacy group that cultivated the Tea Party movement. The weekend training session was aimed at educating them on legislative priorities as the Tea Party tries to transition beyond its role as a protest movement to one that has an impact in state capitols and in the 2012 campaign.
A (completely unscientific) voice-vote straw poll of the (possibly unrepresentative) group, conducted by reporters, found almost no support and even a few groans for Sarah Palin ; loud boos drowning out a handful of cheers for Mitt Romney ; nays for Jon M. Huntsman Jr. ; and support but dismissals that “he can’t win” for Herman Cain . After reporters had called out the names of several presidential contenders, Tea Party activists called out another suggestion: Allen West , the newly elected representative from Florida who became a Tea Party rock star in the midterms. (Loud cheers, followed by a sober, “He’s not running.” That prompted another suggestion: “Allen West for V.P.!”)
On a voice-vote run-off (equally unscientific) among the apparent top three contenders, Mrs. Bachmann, a Minnesota Republican, seemed to do best among women in the room, while Mr. Perry did best among men, and Mr. Paul, also of Texas, did best among younger people in the room.
Perry and Paul supporters then converged on reporters to insist that their guys actually had the most support. Mr. Perry, of course, has not announced whether he is running. “Of course he’s going to run,” said Marla Hamby, from South Carolina. “We’re going to insist.”
“Everybody I talk to has their favorite, but Perry is often their second choice, and the second choice often wins,” said Jebb Young, another Perry supporter, from Arkansas. “He’s the first choice of a lot of people, too.” Noting the support for state’s rights among Tea Party supporters, he added, “Perry was a 10th Amendment guy before it was cool.”
Jacqueline Smith, an activist from Utah, said she had been with Mr. Romney in 2008, “but the more I educated myself, the more I realized that Ron Paul gave more liberty and more prosperity to Americans than any of the other candidates.”
“He always lands on the side of increasing our liberties instead of increasing government,” she said. A Mormon herself, she added, “I’m going to pass on both Mormons and go in for the real thing.”
Loretta Malander, a Tea Party activist from Oak Hill, Va., praised Mrs. Bachmann much the way supporters of Ms. Palin described her in 2008: “She’s one of us,” she said.”We can connect and relate with her in the way we were raised, our values. We feel like she understands Middle America. She’s not one of those elites who look down on us.”
But there was a lot of loud applause for the final candidate: “undecided.” And there was a lot of debate after the straw poll about whether Tea Party supporters should back the Republican nominee, regardless of whom they support now. Travis Owens, a 23-year old activist from Arizona and supporter of Mr. Paul, said he would vote for a libertarian third-party candidate if Mr. Romney won the nomination – prompting a woman in her 60s who had been urging party unity to walk off, exasperated.
“The Tea Party is a movement of the people,” Mr. Owens said. “If they back a candidate like Romney, they will not see a movement of the people, they will see a movement of big government Republicans.”
