Paul is the only Republican ticket that can effectively challenge Obama
Steve Watson
Prisonplanet.com
Feb 28, 2011
Congressman Ron Paul has topped a Tea Party  presidential straw poll, beating Sarah Palin as the favourite to run against  Barack Obama in 2012.
The former Alaska governor was placed a distant  third, behind Paul and Georgia businessman Herman Cain in the poll of close to 1,600 members of the Tea Party  Patriots grassroots activist group.
The Congressman romped home with 581 votes, while  Cain received 256 votes.
Palin scored just 149 votes, almost four times  less than Ron Paul, and was almost beaten into fourth place by Former Minnesota  Governor Tim Pawlenty, who was shy of Palin by just 6 votes.
“Mr. Cain and Rep. Paul’s positions resonated with  Tea Party Patriots this weekend,” said Mark Meckler, the Tea Party Patriots’ national coordinator.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The poll was conducted jointly online and in house  at the groups’ convention in Phoenix this past weekend.
The result echoes that of other recent surveys,  including the CPAC straw poll, which have shown that Ron Paul has a greater chance of beating Obama than Sarah Palin  does . A string of victories in the polls, as well as a huge  injection of $700,000 of support in the form of a recent “moneybomb” on behalf  of supporters, is sure to influence Paul’s impending decision of whether to  embark on a third presidential campaign.
The former Governor of Alaska trails Obama by 11  per cent in current approval ratings, whereas Paul only trails the President by  9 per cent. Once Paul is able to mobilize his hugely effective grass roots base,  which outstrips anything the likes of Sarah Palin, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich or  Mike Huckabee can call upon, a 9 point deficit is far from insurmountable.
Indeed, an April 2010 Rasmussen poll showed that Paul was  almost level with Obama if the two were to go head to head for the presidency.  Following a 15 point bounce in the aftermath of the Tucson shootings, Obama has  pulled away from all potential Republican candidates, but given the momentum  Paul could build with his energetic grass roots base, beating Obama would be a  distinct possibility.
When Obama was at one of the lowest ebbs of his  popular approval, a YouGov/Polimetrix study found that establishment  Republican candidates like Palin, Gingrich and Romney were all losing popularity  at a similar pace to the president. Only Ron Paul has bucked this trend.
On the other hand, if the Republicans go with  Palin, Obama’s second term is virtually guaranteed. In addition to the fact that  she is an archetype neocon, numerous interviews have highlighted the fact that  Palin has little grasp of any policy issues and is a poor public speaker in a  debate context. It was only a few months ago that she made another faux pas in claiming that North Korea was a U.S.  ally .
Congressman Paul delivered a 20 minute speech at  the event, with the opening gambit “every once in a while they ask about who  started the Tea Party. I want to put that straight, I have never claimed to be  the father of the Tea Party movement, but I do claim I am the father of the  junior Senator in Kentucky!”
The Congressman is modest, however, as we have  consistently highlighted, Ron Paul was the figurehead at the inception of the  Tea Party movement, which consisted of a small but dedicated team of people who  organized Boston Tea Party re-enactment protests in 50 different cities in late  2007, in support of Paul’s 2008 presidential campaign.
The libertarian themed protests became extremely  popular, and continued throughout 2008 and into 2009, prompting thousands of  people to engage in peaceful political protest.
Since that time the movement has been somewhat  co-opted by the establishment GOP and figures such as Palin, who is as much a  pro-war hawk as the neocons responsible for miring the US in two endless,  devastating and extremely costly wars.
During his speech, Paul went on to speak of the  unfolding crisis stemming from the Federal Reserve system’s manipulation of  monetary policy and big government mismanagement.
“We allowed the wrong kind of people to take over  our government, and we allowed too many people to go to Washington that did not  ever take their oath of office seriously.” Paul commented.
Watch the full speech below:
(ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW)
Ron Paul would be the only potential Republican  candidate to carry a message that resonates with the American people, his  thoroughbred anti-war and anti-big government stance.
Ron Paul is the only potential Republican  candidate to have voted against the Iraq war.
Ron Paul is the only potential Republican  candidate who will not seek to lead the U.S. into yet more military  confrontations.
Ron Paul is the only potential Republican  candidate who is not compromised while the likes of Romney and Palin have more  skeletons in their closet than a fancy dress boutique.
Ron Paul is the only potential candidate period  who has promised to abolish the IRS, the Federal Reserve and end the fraudulent  fiat-based money system that is crippling America’s economy while lining the  pockets of the ultra-rich.
Paul has no better chance to become President than  in 2012 and we urge him to accept the challenge and provide millions of  Americans with genuine hope that the country can still be rescued from its  current spiral of terminal decline.
——————————————————————
Steve Watson is the London  based writer and editor for Alex Jones’ Infowars.net , and Prisonplanet.com . He has a Masters Degree in International  Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham in  England.
Print this page.
