new_asset_attachment_attributes
By Jane Aitken
I  am hereby making a personal endorsement of Congressman Dr. Ron Paul for  President of the United States. I have followed his career since the  early 1980s and I am sure that he is a man of integrity, good character,  and trustworthiness both personally and professionally. America is at a  precipice, time is short, and while others fail to realize it, business  as usual just will not do.
Americans have been  observing our public educational system become dumbed down and fraught  with destructive political agendas. We have been observing with  frustration how our government has ignored the Constitution, states  rights, and individual rights in the process of governing and lawmaking,  while expanding government's role far beyond what the Constitution  intended. We have watched our country fall into the control of  non-governmental entities at the local, state and federal levels, and  Congress become so bogged down as to be rendered ineffective  and irrelevant. We have seen thousands of new, unnecessary laws passed  and too few laws repealed. We have been observing that while fewer and  fewer people are paying taxes, many more are asking for bigger handouts  from those who do. As a result of the actions and inactions of the  establishment of both parties, we have watched our hard-won independence  slipping away to the very foreign interests we shook off in the 1700s.
It  is rare to find a candidate who understands the proper role of  government, is not afraid to tell the truth, and who is truly dedicated  to real change. We must defy the establishment's effort to dictate the  outcome of our elections and unite behind someone who is truly  'for the people', instead of continually electing elitist Republicans  who can only call themselves  'conservative'.
A  teacher of 35 years, Aitken has been involved in the original tea party  movement since 2007. She co-founded the NH Tea Party Coalition with  another original tea party member in 2009. Aitken is also on the Board  of Directors of the Coalition of NH Taxpayers, one of NHTPC's supporting  groups. Please note that this endorsement is a personal one, as neither Coalition endorses candidates.
About this column: Your guide to all things involving and surrounding New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation presidential primary. Related Topics: Bedford NH , FITN , Jane Aitken , NH Primary , and Ron Paul
Email me updates about this story.
[["validates_email_format_of",{"message":"Enter a valid email address e.g. janedoe@aol.com."}]]
Website:
