Reprints & Permissions
Although Rep. Ron Paul 's message of reducing federal spending and the debt has caught on throughout the Republican Party, his challenge as he begins to explore a third run for the presidency is to appeal to Tea Party supporters, who share his ends but have not adopted him as their standard-bearer.
By Charlie Neibergall, AP
Texas Rep. Ron Paul announces his formation of a presidential campaign exploratory committee Tuesday in Des Moines.
By Charlie Neibergall, AP
Texas Rep. Ron Paul announces his formation of a presidential campaign exploratory committee Tuesday in Des Moines.
Paul announced an exploratory committee Tuesday to begin pursuing whether he will launch a third campaign for president. He told a small group assembled in a Des Moines hotel that he was ready to continue to again promote his small-government platform and would make a final decision about whether to run in May, according to news media reports.
CAMPAIGNS: Tea Party Caucus in 'swing' of fundraising
The Texas Republican's message of reducing federal spending and the debt has caught on increasingly among conservatives, especially in the Tea Party movement that helped elect his son Rand to the Senate last fall. But the elder Paul has yet to see that support register at the polls.
Leaders of various national Tea Party groups offered a mix of explanations as to why Paul's message hadn't caught on among those in their ranks.
Judson Phillips , founder of Tea Party Nation , said Paul was "ahead of the curve" on the issue of curbing government spending, but his views on foreign policy were unacceptable to many of those affiliated with the movement.
"Some of his ideas are good …not the least of which is the out-of-control spending," Phillips said. "He wants to practice isolationism and, I'm sorry, but when you have Iran and North Korea that have intercontinental ballistic missiles that can arrive in the United States in 20 minutes or less, isolationism is dead."
Scott Wheeler , executive director of the National Republican Trust PAC , agreed. "There is room for a Ron Paul-type candidate if they understand the war on terror, they would drag over a lot more conservatives," he said.
Amy Kremer, chairwoman of Tea Party Express , said Paul's record on earmarks — he supports them because of his belief that the executive branch should not have sole control of taxpayer funds — could be an issue among Tea Party supporters but said his presence in the field would be welcomed.
"I'm glad he's involved," Kremer said. "He attracts the youth and he brings an energy and momentum and it's exciting."
If Paul decides to proceed with his bid, he will likely be a fundraising powerhouse.
During the 2008 campaign, Paul stunned political observers with his ability to bag huge sums of money through Internet fundraising. In one 2007 "money bomb" — a concentrated fundraising effort over a small amount of time — Paul raised more than $6 million in one day.
Despite his fundraising abilities and loyal band of supporters, Paul finished a distant fourth behind Arizona Sen. John McCain , former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney and former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee in the 2008 campaign. Paul won 24 delegates during the primaries, according to an Associated Press tally.
In the years following the 2008 race, Paul has continued to raise money and has maintained his followers. In fact, if the straw poll voters at the Conservative Political Action Committee, an annual gathering of the party faithful in Washington. D.C., had their way, Paul would be the nominee. The 12-term congressman won the poll in 2010 and in 2011.
In a recent Gallup Poll, Paul was tied with former House speaker Newt Gingrich with 6% of support from Republicans. His numbers were also in the single digits among South Carolina voters in a recent Winthrop University poll of registered voters in South Carolina. Fewerthan 3% of first-in-the-South primary voters said Paul would be their first choice for the Republican nomination.
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
