Comments
John Hudson 123 Views Apr 12, 2010
As the Tea Party movement has swelled, so has Ron Paul's prominence on the conservative stage . The Texas congressman already won the 2012 presidential straw poll at the Conservative Political Action  Conference in February. And this weekend, he nearly won the Southern Republican  Leadership Conference's straw poll. But does Paul's brand of libertarian  non-interventionism align with the Tea Party's goals? The news team at  MSNBC says yes. But others say  the two camps couldn't be more different:
Paul Is the  Standard-Bearer of the Tea Party, writes MSNBC's First Read : "SRLC proved to us that Ron  Paul -- like it or not -- is a factor in the GOP/Tea Party movement...  Anyone who did cover Ron Paul during the 2008 campaign knows the Tea  Party movement has its roots there more than any other part of the GOP."
Think  Again, writes Sahir Kapul at True/Slant: "Despite  his cult following don't expect him to turn any major tides in the GOP.  He's a pariah to them. Even the Tea Partiers, who claim to be an  independent movement promulgating all the values Paul embodies, are  working to toss him out because he doesn't obey orders from GOP  leaders."
He Disagrees With Tea Parties on Key Issues, reports Stephen Webster at Raw Story.
Paul  cautioned in a recent interview that "neocon influence" is  "infiltrating" the movement he is often credited for creating... What  they are not, he explained, are entirely adherent to his ideas. Paul  suggested that the group only "sometimes" represents his views.
"My  message is somewhat different," he said. "The message gets somewhat  diluted" with large movements of this nature.
His core issues,  such as creating transparency at the Federal Reserve, recalling overseas  soldiers and ending the drug war, are "not what is generally heard from  the Republican party," he said.
I'm Sick of Hearing  About Him, writes Tabitha Hale , a conservative at Red  State blog: "I get frustrated with the overrepresentation of Ron Paul...  at these things. I don't believe it's anywhere close to how many  actually represent [him] on a national scale."
Want to add to this story? Let us know in comments or send an email to the author at jhudson at theatlantic dot com .    You can share ideas for stories on the Open Wire .
