August 16, 2011 at 1:34 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Elliot
August 16, 2011 at 2:31 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Espn
It\'s great to read something that\'s both enjoyable and provides pragmatisdc sutolions.
January 26, 2012 at 2:07 am | Report abuse |
foxxans
January 26, 2012 at 11:00 am | Report abuse |
ylcwobx
January 29, 2012 at 10:46 am | Report abuse |
Mr. Liberty
Good job Ron paul. Nicely done indeed.
Ron Paul 2012!  Minnesota supports you!
August 16, 2011 at 1:54 pm | Report abuse | Reply
JeffG
Thank you Mr. Morgan for having the journalistic integrity to have an intelligent interview with Dr. Ron Paul. His supporters simply want him to be treated fairly by the media. Thanks again for the good work. I will be tuning in more frequently going forward and encouraging others to do the same.
August 16, 2011 at 2:10 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Russ
Dr. Paul is the only candidate talking about the military industrial complex. He is the only candidate talking about the dangers of having a fiat money system. He is the only candidate talking about our meddling in the affairs of other countries and all of the unintended consequenc­es. I have learned more from Dr. Paul about banking and the history of our foreign policy than any public school had ever taught me. Its time we unite behind this man. The area a president can have an immediate impact on is our foreign policy. Ron Paul would usher in a new humble foreign policy. Its a revolution of the mind you see. He is asking us to ponder what should the role of our federal government be? He is making people think critically. He is a man of integrity. He is a man who talks about the big issues and doesn't boil everything down to raising or lowering taxes. He is the one for 2012.
August 16, 2011 at 2:11 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Justin
I agree with Russ, you can learn a lot from this man once you put the "he doesn't have a chance" media rhetoric aside.
August 16, 2011 at 5:22 pm | Report abuse | Reply
tommy
Russ is 1000 % correct,,RON PAUL is THE MAN ! & I am a Democrat..wish he was younger..but that's OK..he'll give us many many good yrs..just choose the best candidate for a VicePres. !..& you'll be on your way..an honest walk !,,a Harry Truman way.."a give'em hell way",,Congress is crazy, nuts,,,NO vacation for Congress NO vacation for the President/he has Camp David/ ....thank you !..
August 16, 2011 at 5:17 pm | Report abuse | Reply
D. Krugerr
Ron Paul has won my respect and will most likely get my vote. If you want to vote for his nomination make sure you change your party to republican so you can. Later you can change it again if you change your mind but you can't vote for him unless you are registered as republican. Check it out.
August 21, 2011 at 3:04 am | Report abuse | Reply
Jason Grajkowski
Friend and I here in Seattle are voting for you RON PAUL!!! GO CHAMP GO!!!!
RON PAUL 2012!!!!
August 16, 2011 at 6:26 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Stephanie Land
So glad to see Ron Paul interviewed on this show. Paul did a wonderful job explaining his point of view. The beauty of Paul is that he respects all viewpoints. He doesn't believe the federal government should tell people who they can marry, what they can or cannot ingest in their bodies, etc. He believes in the rights of voters to decide social issues on the local levels. America, the land of freedom. Go Ron Paul!
August 16, 2011 at 7:17 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Kate
I thought this was a very tastefully done interview, Piers. You were polite, you didn't interrupt the Congressman and let him state his view points. Kudos, Piers! I enjoy your show.
August 16, 2011 at 8:32 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Nana
US news media screws Ron Paul .
http://www.brasschecktv.com/videos/campaign-2012/us-news-media-screws-ron-paul-again.html
August 16, 2011 at 10:03 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Tom Votes
Fantastic.
Ron Paul knocked that out of the park, even when faced with obvious gotcha questions.
Shame on you Mr. Morgan for repeating that tired old "you want to legalize heroin" line. Why don't you take it up a notch and state 'you want to legalize recreational hemlock use' or 'you want to have separate drinking fountains for blacks.' Anyway, Ron handled it perfectly.
I'll be voting for Ron Paul even if he doesn't win the primary, and there are many just like me.
-Tom, Oregon
August 17, 2011 at 3:02 am | Report abuse | Reply
Nana
These are our American voters. Does it actually matter who we vote for ? We could be voting for that crazy lady living near Russia doing her thesis on the pram of her hand.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJuNgBkloFE
August 17, 2011 at 9:12 am | Report abuse | Reply
Don WV
Nana, I felt the same way, but If we can get Ron Paul nominated and kicked the other losers out of DC I think this country still has a chance!
August 17, 2011 at 7:18 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Nancy of NY
Ignorance is the root of all evil it is going to be our down fall. Unfortunately we are bullied by the self severing lobbyist  supporting an occupied land that was never ours to give. President Truman received the OK from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to give Palestine to the Jewish people because they suffered and the Europeans did not want them, ever since then our tax dollar is supporting an occupied land and we are fighting wars in the Middle East because we support corrupt leaders. Our we have our base in Saudi Arabia just to prevent this Kingdom from falling, The 19 monsters of 911 were from Saudi Arabia. Our country is broke and we remain ignorance.
"The Death of American Democracy" on youtube lets us know why we chose to remain ignorance.
August 17, 2011 at 11:11 pm | Report abuse |
willy
Seriously? Ron Paul is the answer? Sure he is right about a few things. When you look at the whole package he is nuts. He acctually believes we could go back to a gold standard. That alone says his mind doesn't compehend reality very well. He thinks discrimination is a right and equal treatment is some sort of horrible goverment intrusion in our lives. The bottom line is he wont win outside his state because his views are unnacceptable to the vast majority of the population AKA the sane people.
August 17, 2011 at 9:14 pm | Report abuse | Reply
FreedomFighter
Hey willy, I am wondering if you feel that Alan Greenspan is also nuts? "the discipline of the GOLD STANDARD would surely reinforce anti-inflation policies, and make it far more difficult to resume financial profligacy".  Yep, he wrote this and a whole lot more.  Read for yourself and do more research.
http://www.gold-eagle.com/greenspan011098.html
August 17, 2011 at 11:56 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Louis Nardozi
Hey, this should make you Democrats very happy. Millions of us have agreed that if Ron Paul does NOT get the nomination, AND the GOP Leadership has done nothing to address this problem, we're going to be voting a straight Democrat ticket, right down to dog catcher. GOP, ignore us at your peril. Maybe we don't have enough votes to get Ron Paul in, but we have enough to get each and every one of YOU out.
August 17, 2011 at 11:23 pm | Report abuse | Reply
woogy1
Dr. Ron Paul makes me hopeful, I have never seen a more honest man run for any office. Obama is a sad disapointment. When Obama speaks I am saddened by the empty words. We all wanted change an got a combination of Bush 2 and Carl Marx. I am very sad about the direction we are going. Ron Paul really is our last chance.
August 18, 2011 at 10:36 am | Report abuse | Reply
Doug L
Go Ron Paul!!!.  I generally side more to the right just on smaller government and the such, but the candidates I'm seeing now all scare me.  The fact that Bachmann is being taken seriously is a huge wakeup call for this country.  While the Republican candidates love to spout things like "we'll bring jobs back" or "gas will be $2 again" there is no plan on how they would accomplish this.  For all Ron Paul's quirks and such, he at least has a plan, and has had one for years just waiting for America to realize how bad things have gotten.  He'll have my vote!
