A free daily subscription service from Ron Paul's original staff economist.
Matthew 6:32-33
Home / Education / Ron Paul’s Only Strategic Mistake, But It’s a Whopper
Ron Paul’s Only Strategic Mistake, But It’s a Whopper
Written by Gary North on February 27, 2012
43
Ron Paul’s TV ads are missing a chance to change America for the better after the Republican National Convention this year.
There is a universal rule in all direct-response advertising.  This rule is never honored in political advertising. It is this: Offer an action step.
The seller has paid for an ad. Why? Because he wants the ad’s reader or viewer to buy something.
In lots of cases, the targeted reader will not spend a lot of money on something, based on one ad. Then the ad must recommend the first step in a sale. Usually, it offers a free report. Best of all, it offers a free digital report. It costs basically nothing to deliver it.
The free report can be long. It hammers away at a theme: the benefits of taking another step. Step by step, the reader moves toward making a purchase.
TV ads are expensive. They never ask the viewer to do anything.
In ads that are not Super-PAC ads, they end with this: “I’m [so and so], and I approve of this ad.” He should ad: “Please visit my website.”
What should every ad do? List the campaign site’s address.
Why?
To get him to visit the site.
Why?
To offer him a free something.
Why?
To get his email address.
That email address is worth at least $1 a year. It will also be a way to remind the person to vote. Or send in money. Or buy a bumper sticker.
At the very least, the ad should show the candidate’s website. Or his Facebook site.
The younger the targeted audience, the more ready to take this step the viewer is.
If the candidate wins the nomination, he will need these addresses.
If he loses, he can use these addresses.
Think of Ron Paul. What could he do with these names and addresses?
1. Start the Ron Paul Academy: K-12 education like the Khan Academy.
2. start a grass roots training program to take over county governments.
3. Start a Web-based video show that keeps viewers informed.
4. Start a newsletter on the Federal Reserve.
5. All of the above.
All of these would provide enthusiastic supporters answers to this question: But what can I do?
Could he find advertisers? Yes.
Could he offer books and other materials? Yes.
Could he create a permanent political force? Yes.
Doesn’t he see this? I don’t think he does.
Do his ad producers see it? No.
People who create ads have only one skill: to create ads. They are not strategic thinkers.
Must they be told what to do by the ad buyers? Yes. Will they resist? Yes. Will they offer 15 reasons why this will not work? Yes. Why? Because it’s not anything they have experience doing.
To the knee-jerk response, “That will hurt the ad,” the correct response is this: “Test it. Run two versions of the ad. Let’s see if the action step ad hurts my campaign.”
Ron Paul is throwing away an opportunity to change the nation after the Republican National convention in 2012.
No candidate has ever done anything to extend his influence after he loses. But there has never been a candidate like Ron Paul.
I do not understand this.  I do not understand why the person in charge of his campaign is not taking advantage of the opportunity of a generation to change the political climate of the United States.
This article is an ad. Every ad should have an action step. This one has two.
1. Share a link to this ad with every Ron Paul supporter you know.
2. Send a link here: RonPaul2012 .
I’m Gary North, and I approve of this message.
