Jay Janner
Ron, Rand Paul hold joint tea party rally
U.S. Rep. Ron Paul speaks at The Tea Party Express rally Sunday at the Capitol in Austin. Thousands attended the event, which included speeches by Paul and U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz.
Posted: Monday, May 7, 2012 4:00 am | Updated: 7:16 am, Mon May 7, 2012.
Ron, Rand Paul hold joint tea party rally in Austin 0 comments
AUSTIN (AP) — Ron Paul told thousands of supporters in his home state Sunday that they “have infiltrated the Republican Party” in the name of liberty.
The GOP presidential hopeful and congressman from Lake Jackson near Texas’ Gulf Coast appeared with his son Rand, a U.S. senator from Kentucky, outside the Texas Capitol. Members of the rally crowd screamed themselves hoarse while sweating under the unrelenting afternoon sun.
“The revolution is working,” the elder Paul said. “We have infiltrated the Republican Party and we will convert the Republican Party into defenders of Liberty.”
Texas holds its presidential, congressional and state legislative primaries May 29. Paul has attracted big crowds on college campuses in many states, but hasn’t won any presidential caucuses or primaries.
He has 93 delegates to the national Republican convention, according to an Associated Press count, compared to the 859 held by presumptive GOP nominee and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney.
Paul hit major Libertarian themes, talking of runaway government spending devaluing American currency and envisioning a world in which the U.S. Federal Reserve’s control of monetary policy is obsolete. He promised to send U.S. troops home from foreign conflicts and stamp out overregulation of everything from health care policy to milk production.
The crowd frequently interrupted him with cries of “President Paul.” And when they chanted “End the Fed,” Paul smiled and said, “That is a very good idea.”
He later added that, “We want to take care of our own business, and get the feds out of our lives.”
Both Paul and his son endorsed another speaker at the rally, former Texas solicitor general Ted Cruz, a tea party favorite who is one of four major senatorial candidates vying for the Republican nomination to replace retiring U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison.
“The establishment is on the run. They are scared,” Cruz said. “Career politicians in both parties just want to hold on to power.”
