www.DailyTeaParty.com
Boris in Miami – October 12, 2012
Ron Paul, the most Constitutional Congressman, and the one who gave great impetus to the first Tea Parties, gives a speech that has a wealth of information for those who are just starting out on the path of the Freedom Movement at the Tea Party. His speech at the Virginia Tea Party Patriots Convention brought the crowd to its feet; Showing that the message of Freedom resonates deeply and passionately within the Tea Party.
That is unlike many Freedom Movement patriots who spend their time preaching to the choir and many Libertarians who spend their time splitting philosophical hairs with each other in what many call, The Libertarian [*]Ivory Towers.
The time has come, we must reach out to every newly awoken brother and sister who is starting out in the Tea Party.  They need the information that turned us into Constitutionalists.  If Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck are going to give American flags, anthems and speeches full of patriotic rhetoric, then it is up to us to give them the substance of what America, real Patriotism, and the Constitution are all about.
Most of us woke up because we got bits and pieces of information that made it clear that the answer is not in the political parties, or in American flags, or in flowery rhetoric,  but in the Liberty Philosophy that America and the Constitution are based on.
We know that the revolution of 96 failed because we failed to demand from the Congressmen that it be a Constitutional revolution instead of a partisan one.
This time around we have the tide with us, and as Ron Paul likes to quote; “”All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come.”. This time around we have a great many more people who know that there is something wrong with our government and are looking for the ideas to support this Constitutional revolution.
Let us engage them with the philosophy of Freedom, the basics of Liberty and the whys of the Constitution.  And let’s not leave these newly awoken to the propaganda of the neocons and warmongers who want to sacrifice more American lives, and more money to corporate interests and those of other countries.
The midterm elections are just around the corner, we hope that the Freedom Movement spends its energy educating those who need it most at the Tea Party, promote the Liberty-Candidates and that we start thinking about which Tea Party we are going to have on 2012.
Are we going to have the warmonging, partisan, pro corporate Tea Party, or a Tea Party that demands that the Constitutional Republic be restored?
It is up to us, and as you can see, Dr. Ron Paul is doing all he can to reach out and educate the Tea Party with the “ideas whose time has come.”
The time has come, the ideas of Liberty are actively being spread in the Tea Party community in the writings of Tom Woods on State Nullification, Thomas DiLorenzo’s writings on the historical struggle between the ideas of Big Government Hamilton and pro-Liberty Jefferson, and the Tenth Amendment Center and We Refuse .
Please join the DailyTeaParty.com today , please post relevant articles and commentary today, please help us populate it with relevant content, so this site can become one of the main sources of information to the Tea Party. Right now we have a sizable readership, but as soon as we have enough postings and flow of articles we will start an all out, national campaign to reach every single Tea Partier in the United States.
We hope that you see how important it is for the Freedom Movement to reach out to the Tea Parties and that you decide to join us in this effort to arm the Tea Partiers with the real philosophy of Freedom in our quest to Restore the Lawful Constitutional Republic!
RTAmerica | October 11, 2010
Rep. Ron Paul brought a crowd at the Virginia Tea Party Patriots Convention to its feet October 9th, delivering a fiery speech about an “intellectual revolution.” He said the economy is going “to get a lot worse before it gets better” and advocated getting rid of the IRS and the income tax.
http://topsy.com/dailyteaparty.com/2010/10/12/ron-paul-speech-reaching-out-and-educating-the-tea-party-on-constitutional-governance-excellent/?utm_source=pingback&utm_campaign=L2 Tweets that mention Ron Paul Speech Gets Crowd to Explode at Virginia Tea Party Patriots Convention! » — Topsy.com
[...] This post was mentioned on Twitter by Art Is Resistance, TenthAmendmentVols. TenthAmendmentVols said: Ron Paul Speech Gets Crowd to Explode at Virginia Tea Party Patriots Convention! “All the forces in the world are… http://fb.me/IZTvzlGl [...]
blog comments powered by Disqus
Add Content to DTP
CLICK HERE TO BECOME A MEMBER of our community and you can join the discussion, meet new people and help us select the candidates and issues for 2010 .
Sign up for DAILY TEA PARTY List
Email address
