Paul tries to reap Tea Party seeds he helped nourish
Will yield seat in Congress for presidency bid
July 13, 2011|By Shira Schoenberg, Globe Correspondent
The crowded GOP field - including others with an antitax playbook - could… (Brian Snyder/Retuters )
WOLFEBORO, N.H. - Four years ago, Ron Paul’s libertarian views became divining rods for the brand of strident antigovernment activism that grew into the Tea Party movement. Now the Texas congressman is trying to make sure the energy of that phenomenon does not bypass his presidential candidacy.
Paul’s prescription for America has been consistent for three decades: shrink the federal bureaucracy, unshackle markets, cut taxes. An early oracle of bedrock Tea Party principles, Paul appears to be in a prime position to benefit from the movement’s growing influence.
“Now that there’s a shift in attitude, a country that’s getting in worse shape by the day, all of a sudden the message becomes very appropriate,’’ the 75-year-old obstetrician and 12-term representative said in an interview.
Yet obstacles have hindered Paul’s attempts to harness that momentum in New Hampshire, a state his campaign considers crucial. One major impediment is philosophical: Paul and Tea Party activists may be working from the same antitax, probusiness playbook, but when matters turn to personal rights or foreign policy, their views diverge. For many conservatives, Paul’s libertarian calls for decriminalizing marijuana and US withdrawal from such global flashpoints as Afghanistan are just too radical.
Perhaps of more concern to Paul’s campaign is a practical matter. When he ran in 2008 for the GOP nomination, he was the main proponent of stripped-down government. This time, the candidate no longer has that stage to himself.
“I think that the conservatives who might have gone with him in the past have enough other choices this time,’’ said Fran Wendelboe, a former New Hampshire state representative who is unaffiliated with any campaign.
Most GOP candidates have, to varying degrees, laid a claim to the Tea Party mantle. The early beneficiary appears to be Paul’s colleague in the House, Michele Bachmann. A recent WMUR poll, conducted by the University of New Hampshire Survey Center, had Bachmann receiving support from 12 percent of likely New Hampshire primary voters compared to 7 percent for Paul. Among voters who identify themselves as Tea Party supporters, 20 percent supported Bachmann, who started a Tea Party caucus in Congress, while 7 percent supported Paul.
Asked about his strategy, Paul said he plans to “keep campaigning on what I’ve been campaigning on for 30 years.’’
Yesterday, he vowed to devote more energy on the trail, saying he will not seek reelection to his seat in the House, where he has served for most of the past 34 years. One of his first stops after the announcement will be another visit in New Hampshire, Friday and Saturday.
1
