By Casey Gane-McCalla
The Tea Party, which started off as a Libertarian protest against taxes and government, has turned into a right wing, corporate sponsored,  racist hate-fest. Three groups have joined the Libertarian founders of the Tea Party movement to add money, racism, hatred and conspiracy theory based paranoia to the Tea Pot.
Neo-Cons (Neo-Conservatives) Republican insiders responsible for Reagan and Both Bush Administrations.
The first group is the Neo-Cons. The same people behind the Bush administration have decided to use the Tea Party movement to put the Republicans back in power. They are doing this, using the former mouthpieces for the Bush White House, Fox News, Rush Limbaugh and conservative radio.
Neo-Cons like Newt Gingrich and Sarah Palin have had prominent roles speaking at Tea Party events, and Neo-Con pundits, Sean Hannity, Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck have been prominent cheerleaders for the movement.
Tea Parties are funded by FreedomWorks, which is run by Dick Armey. Armey is the author for the contract for America and was house majority leader for the Republicans during the nineties. He worked closely with Tom Delay and Newt Gingrich in congress.
The Neo-Con infiltration of the Tea Party is also known as astro-turfing. When well-funded political insiders try and pass off a well-orchestrated political movement funded by lobbyists as a grass roots, people’s movement it is called “astro-turing” (fake grass-roots).
Ne0-Nazis (Modern Day White Supremacists) KKK and Nazi sympathizers also known as white nationalists
The next group that has managed to infiltrate the tea party has been the Neo-Nazis. The white nationalists have seen the anger over a Black President and the mostly white make up of the tea party protesters and have decided to use the Tea Parties as a vehicle to spout their racist views and recruit new members.
Neo-Nazis speak openly about their involvement and support for the Tea Party movement on the White Supremacist Site, Stormfront. Here are some quotes from white supremacists regarding Tea Party events.
One thing I noticed about the Tea Party crowds is that they are 99% WHITE!
These are my people and they are your people as well. Just because they haven’t fully awakened doesn’t mean that they are our enemy. The polls on these people is that they do not support any (R) or (D) candidate, but instead support the person who is more constitutional.
My suggestion to all you do-nothings is that you join your local Tea-Party at make changes from within instead of criticizing from the outside. I love my fellow white neighbor and deep down these good Tea-partying white folks want the the basic same freedoms and rights as we all do. I say we establish ourselves in there before the filthy frikin joos do.
I don’t give 2 ****s about the RINO’s or the libs but the majority of the tea party people I’ve met are now at least willing to listen to the WN viewpoint. I’ve converted several of them (especially on the Jew issue) and the immigration issue is a no brainer.
I’ve attended a few of the Tea Party gatherings and have found quite a few racially aware folks in attendance. I use these gatherings to wake folks up to the ‘Jew’ problem in this country with many leaving say “Hmmm” and following up with me via email for further mentoring on the subject.There are people I met during the Ron Paul campaign who were “clowns”, and now are active White Nationalists. I’m not willing to pass up any opportunity I have to make more of them. It only takes me a few minutes a day to make either subtle or blatant racially-aware posts on forums filled with Tea Partyers. If I make even one new White Nationalist, it was worth it.
Source
After a Neo-Nazi caused controversy by pulling out a Hitler flag at a Tea Party event, Neo-Nazis began commenting on Stormfront that White Nationalists should not use their Hitler and Swastika flags for fear of scaring off potential White Nationalist recruits because the Jews have sullied the image of their proud Fuehrer and the Swastika and instead should use Confederate Flags and “Don’t Tread On Me” shirts.
Bill White, the commander of the Nazi group, has alleged that Paul’s ties to neo-Nazi groups are deeper than campaign contributions and photographs.
I am compelled to tell the truth about Ron Paul’s extensive involvement in white nationalism.
Both Congressman Paul and his aides regularly meet with members of the Stormfront set, American Renaissance, the Institute for Historic Review, and others at the Tara Thai restaurant in Arlington, Virginia
Paul is a white nationalist of the Stormfront type who has always kept his racial views and his views about world Judaism quiet because of his political position.
Neo-McVeighs (Patriot Movement Inspired Militia Men And Sympathizers) Believe In New World Order Conspiracy
The last and perhaps most dangerous group to crash the Tea Party is the Neo-McVeighs. This group subscribes to many Neo-Con talking points and many members of this group subscribe to neo-Nazi beliefs but the Neo-McVeighs are characterized by militia based anger, a fierce devotion to high powered weapons an a strong belief in anti-government conspiracy theories. Another term for the Neo-McVeghs is the “patriot” movement.
The Neo-McVeighs believe in a New World Order conspiracy of a secret society that will turn the world into a one world socialist government while setting up concentration camps for dissenters and taking away the guns of true patriots in the USA.
Many of the Neo-Cons have adopted Neo-McVeigh code words to incite paranoia in the Tea Party. Sarah Palin has spoken about death panels, Glenn Beck has discussed FEMA concentration camps on his show and Pat Buchanan has openly talked about the New World Order, saying :
The West is disappearing into a New World Order, and against globalism, the Tea Party folks may represent our last best hope.
Right Wing Christian fundamentalist, Pat Robertson wrote a book the New World Order which was based on the Jewish/Mason conspiracy to take over the world.
One example of the Neo-McVeighs are the Oathkeepers, a group of militia based ex-military and policemen who have taken an oaths to not cooperate in the “New World Order.” One prominent Oathkeeper, Charles Dyer was recently arrested and charged with raping a seven-year-old girl. Authorities found a grenade launcher and explosives residue in his apartment. Here’s a quote from Dyer on the New World Order.
They’re trying to bring in the new world order and destroy our sovereignty.  That means they are the domestic enemy I swore to defend and fight against to defend my constitution.  And, I’m willing to put my life on the line to defend this country.  And, I’m asking anyone who’s taken the oath to do the same.
The Neo-McVeighs have very similar ideologies and backgrounds to their namesake, Timothy McVeigh, who was responsible for the largest domestic terrorist attack in U.S. history. They both use a lot of pro-constitution and pro-gun rhetoric, often come from a military background and they are extremely anti-government and paranoid about a new world order.
Both Newsweek and The New York Times both wrote pieces about the high level of New World Order conspiracy theorists and the paranoia and anger they are creating in the Tea Party, claiming that “the party movement is dominated by conspiracy kooks” and that Tea Party court jester, Glenn Beck “frequently echoes Patriot(Neo-McVeigh) rhetoric, discussing the possible arrival of a “New World Order” and arguing that Obama is using a strategy of manufactured crisis to destroy the economy and pave the way for dictatorship.”
The Neo-Cons maybe creating a Frankenstein they cannot control with their constant funding and Fox News promotion of the Tea Party. The Neo-Nazis and Neo-McVeighs hold Neo-Cons in the same contempt as they hold the government. The Neo-Cons have tried to say the protests are against taxes, which is unlikely given that Obama has only proposed raising taxes on the riches one percent, which only applies to the Neo-Cons themselves not their followers and the Neo-Nazis and Neo-McVeighs.
The Neo-Cons differ greatly with the Libertarians, Neo-Nazis and Neo-McVeighs on foreign policy. While Neo-Cons strongly support Israel, believe in continuing the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and starting a war with Iran, the Libertarians, Neo-Nazis and Neo-McVeighs are anti-Israel and against foreign wars.
The Libertarians have begun to speak out against the Neo-Cons. Will they speak out against the Neo-Nazis and the Neo-McVeighs? Will the Neo-Cons address the New World Order paranoia they are putting into the Teabaggers heads? Will anyone in the Tea Party stand up to the both blatant and subtle racism that the Ne0-Nazis and regular old racists are bringing to the Tea Party? Will the Neo-McVeighs turn on their Neo-Cons sponsors or create another Oklahoma City massacre? Is there any voice of reason in the Tea Party at all? If so I’d like to hear from them.
RELATED STORIES
