Ron Paul Snatches Half of Louisiana's Delegates
Texas Rep. Ron Paul's presidential campaign is taking a victory lap this week as he is vindicated for standing by  his views on the Federal Reserve, and as the national press works to  make up for ignoring him after his second-place finish in Iowa at  Saturday's Ames Straw Poll.
After Paul got virtually zero media attention over the weekend, comedian Jon Stewart made fun of cable news for leaving him out so blatantly, and the video   of the bit went viral. The response? A flood of media attention   exploring why mainstream news outlets underplayed Paul's showing in Iowa   finish. [Vote now: Should the media take Ron Paul more seriously?]
"Generally,  if you stick to your guns and you're persistent, things  work out, you  know, in the best manner," Paul said to an energetic  crowd during a campaign appearance in New Hampshire on Wednesday.
Though  he was talking about getting overdue media attention, the  sound bite  could just as easily characterize his broader, long-term  political  strategy: to stand by his principles and wait.
While Paul  has long been considered outside of the mainstream for  his strong  libertarian views, some of his predictions have come to  pass—like the  housing bubble's burst and the recent economic  downturn—and some of his  views are now hitting center stage.  Additionally, Paul is credited with  planting the seeds that led to the  now-influential Tea Party. [Read: Is Ron Paul a fringe candidate?]
At  the New Hampshire event, Paul pointed out that he never backed  off his  message that the Federal Reserve should be audited and  eventually ended. "What fascinates me," he said with pride, "is we've  been talking about  and thinking about and understanding [this] for so  long, who would ever  have thought, you know, the former speaker of the  House would come out  and say, 'Audit the Fed!'"
And former Speaker Newt Gingrich  isn't the only other candidate  focusing on the issue, as Paul pointed  out. "Now we have this other  governor—I can't remember his name—who's  coming into the campaign," he  joked, referring to Texas Gov. Rick Perry. "He realized that talking  about the Fed is good too."
"But  I tell you what," Paul continued. "He makes me look like a  moderate. I  have never once said Bernanke has committed treason. But I  have  suggested very strongly that the Federal Reserve system and all  the  members have been counterfeiters for a long time." [See a slide show of the 2012 GOP primary candidates.]
Some of Paul's stances are still outside of the mainstream, which makes political strategists doubt Republicans will choose him as their standard-bearer in 2012. For example, he is   against sanctions on Iran over nuclear fears and, in the past, has   suggested eliminating the IRS, the CIA, and the FBI.
But supporters believe that in time, as more Americans start to agree with him on issues like balancing the federal budget or pulling troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan, they may be willing to give ear to Paul's more controversial opinions as well.
