#423   September 15, 2011 at 4:18 pm
Sumo Vita commented:
Evil Otto – you’re a hoot. I couldn’t agree more with your characterization of 9/11 truthers, birthers, or conspiracy theorists. Or, that some Ron Paul enthusiasts act more infatuated than inspired.
But I do have to ask: What IS your take on Paul’s rationale for the 9/11 attack? Or better yet: what’s YOUR rationale for why it occurred?
#424   September 15, 2011 at 5:23 pm
Michael Kelly commented:
I don’t understand why listening to our own CIA all of a sudden is unamerican. Our own intelligence acknowledges the motive for radical islamic extremism is our invasive foreign policy. So why is reforming foreign policy to a more affordable policy of free trade and mutual respect for sovereign nations a bad thing? When you address a problem, you find the root. The root is not Islam as a faith, its us not respecting their faith. As a Christian nation, we are supposed to pride ourselves on acceptance and treating others the way we expect to be treated. War is an outdated concept. In the current world of globalized trade, we no longer have to fight over resources, however now we fight over ideologies which is a much more dangerous game. Ron Paul was right on with this response. He’s the type of politician who isn’t going to tug at heartstrings just to manipulate the audience for a cheap vote. He tells the truth, his claims are supported by our own government, yet he’s called crazy when he relays the cold hard truth that people don’t want to hear. The nation that once prided itself on non-interventionism and commerce with all nations has devolved into a nation of blind followers of dead end causes.
#425   September 16, 2011 at 8:52 pm
outdoorsyRN commented:
Yes, I agree with some of the earlier posts that the reason why we were attacked on 9/11 was Dr. Paul’s theory of “blowback.” I think it is rather naiive to say that the 9/11 attacks were b/c they were gealous of the freedoms we have.  Well as each day goes by our liberties are being taking away little by little and most Americans have no clue that it is happening.  Supporters of the mainstream candidates i.e. Perry, Romney, Santorum…you guys have to wake up and smell the coffee.  Where do you think the US is getting the money to fight all the wars….and yet these numbsculls that you want to support want to keep spending money to fight these wars.  The way things are going financially in our country in addition to the political mess….we have not seen the worse yet financially.  Perry is going to be another Bush…or Bush light.  I love Dr Pauls courage to stand up and speak his truth “from his balls.” I mean Santorum would never do that…..he is a pussy.    He is too status quo.  Romney really made a buffoon of himself in 2008 campaign…So who is left…
#426   September 23, 2011 at 12:16 pm
Matthew C commented:
Hey retards, stop saying the US military hates Ron Paul. He has gotten the most donations from ACTIVE DUTY MILITARY MEN AND WOMAN THAN ANY OTHER!…YOu guy’s seriously need to wake up, seriously. Come on already, stop being so narrow minded open up and learn something.
#427   September 23, 2011 at 9:15 pm
Republicae commented:
Why does it not surprise me in the least to read both this article and the majority of comments supporting the author in his misconceptions. First, Dr. Paul is simply stating exactly the same thing that the 9-11 Commission reached, the outcome of several studies conducted not only by our Intelligence Community, but international Intel agencies as well. Dr. Paul does not blame American, but blames and rightfully so, the policies exerted by this government that have very definite consequences, most of which are well-documented by several studies and reports.
Are so many people so naïve as to think that our actions do not have consequences, potentially dangerous consequences? It appears that is the case judging from the comments on this forum. Do we think there are no consequences to our government intentionally radicalizing Muslims in Afghanistan and Pakistan during the 1980s when the University of Nebraska was commissioned to product and publish extremely radical text books that were distributed to Islamic Madrassas?
“The United States spent millions of dollars to supply Afghan schoolchildren with textbooks filled with violent images and militant Islamic teachings….The primers, which were filled with talk of jihad and featured drawings of guns, bullets, soldiers and mines, have served since then as the Afghan school system’s core curriculum. Even the Taliban used the American-produced books,..”, (Washington Post, 23 March 2002)
Do we actually think that by arming the Mujahideen and promoting a holy Jihad in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and throughout the Middle East, would not have consequences for decades after the Soviets were driven out of Afghanistan? Did we think that when we actually loaned the Soviet Union the money to build a road into Afghanistan that they would not use it to invade Afghanistan? Come on people, wake up to the reality of this world, to the reality of this government!
Do we think that by supporting, arming and providing training to Sheikh Omar Abdul-Rahman and his followers that there would not be later consequences that we could not possibly foresee, again dangerous consequences! Do you think that when our own military forces trained the various Islamic elements in the construction of IEDs that they would not then eventually use them against us since we had provided such provocative propaganda as those text books used to radicalize the very people we now must fear?
Do we realize that the CIA provided arms and more than $3 Billion to various Afghan groups and that those groups held a venomous hatred toward American, yet the CIA supplied, supported and trained them. In fact, besides Saudi Arabia, the U.S. government has put more money and more arms into the hands of our potential enemies and enemies that it should be an eye-opener to anyone with half a brain!
While it is obviously classified, there is substantial evidence that even Osama bin Laden was recruited by the CIA in 1979. At that time he was 22 years old and according to various sources he was trained in a CIA sponsored guerilla training camp, was later supplied, supported and funded by our own government….consequences? You betcha! Of course, most of the people that served in the Bush II Administration, were some of the very same people involved in the covert actions of the CIA during the Soviet Occupation of Afghanistan. Interesting isn’t it? Well, it should be of concern to each of us because little has changed, perhaps just a shift in which faction we are now supporting.
“Under CIA and Pakistani protection, Pakistan military and Afghan resistance opened heroin labs on the Afghan and Pakistani border. According to The Washington Post of May 1990, among the leading heroin manufacturers were Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, an Afghan leader who received about half of the covert arms that the U.S. shipped to Pakistan. Although there were complaints about Hekmatyar’s brutality and drug trafficking within the ranks of the Afghan resistance of the day, the CIA maintained an uncritical alliance and supported him without reservation or restraint.” Special Report for Rep. John Conyers.
The consequences we now face from terrorism is a direct result of a carefully devised intelligence operation by this government, are Americans to blame, no, not directly, but the complete independence of our Intelligence Community over the years has created a type of unknown that will always result in unforeseen consequences.
Take, for instance, a recent development, reported in August, 2011, that it appears that our own government and CIA has not learned one thing from the experiences of the 80s and 90s, the CIA has been busy during the Libyan “revolution” recruiting, once again, Jihadists from Afghanistan and potentially Pakistan to go into Libya, again on a holy Jihad. Strange, but I find that just as disturbing as the fact that our government is effectively supporting the Libyan rebels with funding and weapons, as well as foreign radicalized Jihadists without knowing much about them.
It appears that our government has been highly successful in its efforts at disinformation, so many seem to be unquestioning that it is disturbing, to say the least. It appears that there are those who are eager to denounce Dr. Paul for reiterating the very findings of our own government and Intel Community, but few seem to be willing to actually delve deep enough to understand exactly what he is saying and why it is so important for us all to understand!
Oh, and the fact is that this country has been conducting military operations (including bombing and missile attacks in Iraq for the last 10 years) and have conducted, along with NATO, specific attacks against Iraq since the 1st Iraq War.
Republicae commented:
“Blaming the US for the 9-11 attacks is still an unpopular position–
Rep. Ron Paul blamed the US for the 9-11 attacks again tonight. He also claimed the US has been “bombing Iraq” for 10 years.
Sick.
Good for Rick Santorum for confronting the representative… And, good for the crowd for booing him.”
It is quite obvious that Mr. Jim Holf hasn’t read much on the subject, the well-documented subject of “blowback”, otherwise he would have restrained himself from spouting out such blatherings. It actually demonstrates just how ignorant some people really are about this world and the role that this government has played over the decades in the destabilization of international affairs, distorting relationships, creating problems unforeseen and now having to deal with the consequences of those ill-conceived covert operations.
Do we think that an overt policy of global intervention, as it has been carried out for the last 122 years, has actually made this country safer, the evidence points otherwise! Is the world a safer place since we have intervened in the internal affairs of over 200 countries, toppled governments, intentionally created instability, intentionally armed, supplied, trained and funded many of the very groups that we now consider enemies?
Besides all that, this country is technically bankrupt, soon that technical bankruptcy will become an effective bankruptcy…I have to wonder if many Americans really realize just what that will mean, especially those who hold to a very jingoistic view of the Might of the American Military.
I despise the majority of actions this government takes under the guise of humanitarianism, national defense and the national interest, none of which actually mean those actions are really in our best interest! Most of the time, those things are used to disguise a system of patronage for interest other than our country’s best interest.
One day, it is my hope that the people of this country will once again awaken to the difference between the real patriotic love of country and the often misplaced trust they invest in this government.
Republicae commented:
Mike commented:
“Man, that link is too funny. OBL is pissed that the US liberated Kuwait from Saddam. See, they do hate us for our freedom and the fact that we spread freedom around the globe. You proved my point Paulnut.”
@ Mike, post 336:
Well Mike, you have exhibited a density that is astonishing, truly astonishing. OBL was not pissed that we liberated Kuwait from Saddam, but pissed that we installed, during the first Iraqi War, several U.S. Military bases in Saudi Arabia, considered sacred soil to all Muslims. It is not your idea of the so-called “spread of freedom” the radical Islamist are pissed about, but that we are using and defiling the soil they believe to be holy with our presence. Come on, read a book sometime, or at least some substantial reports on the subject before you spout out such dribble.
Besides, how would you feel if say the Chinese decided to set up several bases in Florida, that they were strong enough to do it without much resistance from our government. What if we were so weakened economically and so beholden to the Chinese that they “asked” us to allow them to set up bases on American soil because they had an ongoing war somewhere in this hemisphere and it was in their national interest to do so and since we owed them so much debt we were obligated to comply with their wishes?
What would be your reaction, would you simply set back and do nothing? If we are to take the deeper message of what you are saying then it appears that you would expect anyone to simply accept such an invasion, I mean you must follow the same logic when applying it to this country as you apply it to other countries we invade, or as in the case of Saudi Arabia, set up military bases to fight against their fellow Muslims, radical though they may be. To be certain, we do not have a very good understanding of the Muslim mindset, but it is not like ours, nor can it be, the ideology will not allow for it. Needless to say, or at least it should be needless, the vast majority of Muslims in Saudi Arabia do not want us there, there is strong evidence that we are not wanted in most of the Islamic countries, even Kuwait does not appreciate our presence. How jingoistic can our mentality be to think that all the world awaits us with open arms? Such hubris has been the downfall of many a nation and many more empires throughout history. I hope this country will eventually throw off such hubristic ideas and once again embrace the ideals of the Founders.
#430   September 25, 2011 at 7:27 pm
PonderIt commented:
There are people posting here who obviously have no interest in reasoned discourse. That’s fine- you have that right. For those who are, I would ask you to consider the central point Paul is trying to make. He is asking us to look at our foreign policy and history of military action from viewpoint of the Muslim/Arab people. Imagine you are little ten-year-old Achmed, born and raised in Bagdad. Your favorite uncle, Mahmoud, is killed in the fighting during Desert Storm. What do you think Achmed is going to do? Is he going to sit and ponder the multiple geopolitical forces that led to the situation that his country is currently in, or is he going to get angry at things he doesn’t understand very well and start hating America? I assure you, he, and probably 95% of the rest of the population, will choose the second path. Are they wrong in this? Probably so, but, ask yourself- how many Americans kept a clear and rational head in those despondent, rage-filled days immediately after 9/11? Alas, I was not one them. Ron Paul was. He cautioned against immediate rash actions that would not only not solve the problem, but potentially be very expensive and make the problem worse in the end.
Undoubtedly, Ron Paul says things in a way that make him easily misunderstood. I can assure you, though, that he does not justify the terrorists in what they do. I also believe that he thinks we are not justified in some of the actions that we have taken, and I think he is right to question those actions.
I am not really a Ron Paul supporter, yet. I have mostly been interested in Romney and Cain over the last few months. However, I recently started reading up on exactly what Ron Paul stands for, and his positions have given me a lot to think about. I would humbly suggest that he is worth a closer look.
Featured Story:
Published June 28, 2012 at  9:08 am  - 217 Comments
 
Your donations help keep TheGatewayPundit.com online.
Search Gateway Pundit
