Commentary: Texas congressman victim of his own success
December 21, 2011|Darrell Delamaide
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — Whatever they may think about income inequality, Republicans certainly believe in equal opportunity when it comes to being the frontrunner for their 2012 presidential nomination.
After Rep. Michele Bachmann, Gov. Rick Perry, Herman Cain and Newt Gingrich have taken their turn, Rep. Ron Paul (R., Texas) gets his moment in the sun as favorite for the Iowa caucuses, which will provide the first real test of voter sentiment in less than two weeks.
So after years on the fringe, the man who wants to abolish the Federal Reserve and restore a monetary role for gold gets to pretend he’s mainstream, at least for a brief moment.
Already there are rumblings that a Paul victory in Iowa would “discredit” the caucuses by putting forward a candidate who is patently unelectable.
The 76-year-old congressman, who ran as a third-party candidate in 1988, is a right-wing version of Ralph Nader, and would do well to command the 2.74% of the popular vote that Nader got as a third-party candidate in the 2000 election. (Paul won 0.5% in 1988.)
But in 2008 and in this campaign, Paul has used the Republican primary contest as a platform for his ideas, and his single-minded objective of reducing government activity has won him more adherents than ever in a GOP driven by the tea-party movement.
But he will never be president, and almost certainly won’t be the Republican nominee next fall. And because he’s not running for re-election to Congress, this campaign marks Paul’s last electoral hurrah.
The purity test
Paul, in some ways, is a victim of his own success. The very purity of his ideology — which makes him such an uncharacteristically passionate politician and which gives him a special appeal to younger voters — is all right when it’s one guy out on the fringe taking a stand.
But this uncompromising purity can’t work in our type of representative democracy when it becomes mainstream.
The proof is evident in the Republican debacle on Capitol Hill this week over extending the payroll-tax cut, as intransigent tea-party congressmen cast aside the House leadership to torpedo a compromise agreed on by their Senate colleagues. Paul’s often called the intellectual godfather of the tea party, and his uncompromising insistence on smaller government has characterized this tea-party Congress.
Ron Paul won’t be president; he won’t be vice president. And if he continues his pursuit of the nomination and finds resonance with primary voters, Republicans won’t recapture the White House because former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, who still is most likely to be the nominee, will be too discredited by the ideological split in the party.
Libertarian Paul is pushing the pendulum too far to the right. The more success he has, the likelier it is that pendulum will come crashing back to the left.
