Batman
Rating: 3.5/5
As most of you probably expect, Batman's Dolby TrueHD 5.1 surround track is  the weakest in the anthology simply because it has to constantly contend with the inherent  limitations of the film's twenty-year-old sound design.  Dialogue is nicely balanced and  prioritized for the most part, but some dropped lines and lost whispers muddle the  proceedings.  Likewise, LFE support is relatively aggressive, but sometimes fails to match  the intensity of the on-screen action it accompanies.  To my relief, the rear speakers are  fuller than I thought they would be, creating a mildly immersive soundfield that allows this  one to emerge as an above-average catalog effort.  Moreover, Danny Elfman's score and  Prince's songs emerge from every direction and resonate more than they ever have.  I can't  say Batman's sonics will woo the most stringent audiophile, but I had a difficult time  drumming up any major complaints.
Batman Returns
Rating: 4/5
Batman Returns ups the ante with a richer TrueHD mix that takes advantage of  its surrealist fight scenes and chaotic car chases.  Bass tones are more powerful this time  around, the rear soundstage is loaded with ambience, and immersion is, at this point, a  foregone conclusion.  Better still, I was smitten by the track's breezy channel pans and oh- so-precise directionality.  When Selena Kyle first realizes she's been transformed by her  supposed murder, listen to the tone and atmosphere evoked by the musical score, the  enhanced acoustics of her apartment, and the crinkle of furniture as she prowls about her  lair.  While the sound designers go overboard on more than one occasion -- often packing  each speaker to the brim with unnecessarily aggressive effects -- the end result is a more  explosive and effective soundscape.  I can't stand when Penguin's fowl friends come to his  aid, but there's no denying how naturalistic their sewer home sounds.  Taken as a whole, Batman Returns' audio quality almost manages to live up to its stunning video  presentation.
Batman Forever
Rating: 4/5
It took fifteen minutes before I began to appreciate Batman Forever's TrueHD  offering, but once the Riddler and Two-Face took center stage, the soundfield simply  erupted to life.  LFE thooms and bass-heavy gunfire are impressive enough, but  Nygma's mind-drain machine introduces genuine weight and presence into the soundscape.   Punches and kicks land with power, dialogue is spot on, and the various vehicles roar onto  the scene with flickering fire and thunderous throttle.  The lumbering effects occasionally  overwhelm more subtle sonics littered about the presentation, but it seems to be par for  the course for Schumacher's over-the-top production.  Best of all, the dynamic score  features crisp trumpet cries, piercing guitar riffs, and unwavering brass calls.  My only real  complaints involve a few stocky pans and inaccurate channel assignments that continually  pop up throughout the film.  Regardless, Batman Forever sounds great and matches  the film's flashier aesthetics with some inspired sonic fireworks.
Batman & Robin
Rating: 4.5/5
It may accompany the worst film in the collection, but Batman & Robin's stirring  TrueHD mix doesn't seem to care.  Dialogue is crystal clear and perfectly prioritized,  resonant low-end tones undergird every crashing tank and bursting ice fixture, and rear  speaker support is lively and persistent.  As much as the film tends to distract the viewer,  sonic immersion is a cinch for the listener -- chilling beams whip from channel to channel,  shattering glass convincingly spills across the soundfield, and distant screams seem to  appear from every direction.  I certainly wouldn't call the soundscape realistic, but it is  consistent with Schumacher's rabid imagery and go-for-broke sensibilities.  It's invasive,  clumsy, and annoying... just as it's meant to be.  More importantly, the constant barrage of  blaring instrumentation is jarring and dynamic, making the musical score a integral part of  the lossless presentation.  As it stands, you may not like what you hear, but it's hard to  argue that the track's technical prowess is worthy of legitimate praise.
Batman: The Motion Picture Anthology Blu-ray, Special Features and Extras
 
The Blu-ray edition of Batman: The Motion Picture Anthology ports over all of the  supplemental material from the DVD set.  While the video content is presented in standard  definition and there aren't any exclusive features to be found, the collection is extensive  and thorough.  There are several particular hits and misses, but I doubt anyone will  complain about the hours and hours of supplemental material spread across each disc.
Batman
Rating: 4/5
The most exciting extras are bundled with director Tim Burton's original 1989 entry in  the series, including the first three parts of a revealing documentary that wraps up across  the other discs in the anthology.  Add to that an enthusiastic commentary and several  informative featurettes and you have a supplemental package worth some serious  attention.
Audio Commentary: Burton dives into a detailed and deliberate discussion that covers  his attraction to the project, what he brought to the table, how he selected his cast, how he  influenced the design of Gotham City, and the film's eventual reception.  Never at a loss for  words, the eccentric director is a joy to listen to.  Fans will find this is a great place to start  when they begin digging into the anthology.
Legends of the Dark Knight: The History of Batman (SD, 41 minutes): This deep  exploration into Batman's roots, incarnations over the years, and cultural significance is a  fascinating dissection of the character's origins, purpose, and lure.
Shadows of the Bat, Parts 1-3 (SD, 72 minutes): A lengthy and stirring beginning to a  six-part documentary stretched across each disc in the collection.  It covers the genesis of  the first film, Burton's critically acclaimed ensemble cast, and the on-set atmosphere that  made the shoot so successful.
Beyond Batman (SD, 51 minutes): Batman also includes five engaging mini-docs  that focus on the film's cinematography, make-up, props, vehicles, costumes, and musical  score.
The Heroes and the Villains (SD, 20 minutes): Next up are seven video profiles that  examine Bruce Wayne, the Joker, Vicki Vale, Commissioner Gordon, Bob the Goon, Alexander  Knox, and Harvey Dent.
Storyboard Sequence (SD, 4 minutes): A glimpse at a deleted Robin sequence Burton cut  out of the film long before it was shot.
On the Set with Bob Kane (SD, 3 minutes): The father of the Batman mythos shares his  thoughts about the character and Burton's film.  I wish it were longer, but this is a fine  bonus nonetheless.
Music Videos (SD, 14 minutes): Rounding out the package are three dated Prince music  videos for Batdance, Partyman, and Scandalous.
Theatrical Trailer (SD, 2 minutes)
Batman Returns
Rating: 3.5/5
Burton's second outing delivers a similar feature-set that allows the director, cast, and  crew to justify the decisions that went into the film, defend its production design and villain- heavy storylines from detractors, and delve into the effort that went into bringing his vision  to the big screen.
Audio Commentary: Sadly, Burton sounds a bit disinterested this time around, sludging  through each scene as if he has somewhere else he needs to be.  He still reveals a variety  of details, shares several behind-the-scenes anecdotes, and even takes a moment to go to  the mat for his structurally-complex sequel, but he rarely draws the listener in like he does  in the first film's commentary track.
Shadows of the Bat, Part 4 (SD, 30 minutes): The anthology-spanning documentary  continues with a look the story, performances, casting, and production of Batman  Returns.  While it isn't as expansive as its first three parts, it's still a noteworthy entry  that should keep fans entertained throughout.
Beyond Batman (SD, 66 minutes): Batman Returns also includes six featurettes  that give solid overviews of the Gotham City soundstage, the film's make-up applications,  special effects, costumes, animatronic puppets, and musical cues.
The Bat, the Cat, and the Penguin (SD, 22 minutes): This underwhelming secondary EPK  is redundant, trite, and doles out praise more than facts.
The Heroes and the Villains (SD, 18 minutes): More video profiles hit on Batman, the  Penguin, Catwoman, Alfred and Max Shreck.
Music Video (SD, 4 minutes): Stepping in for Prince comes Soiuxsie and the Banshees  with Face to Face.
Theatrical Trailer (SD, 3 minutes)
Batman Forever
Rating: 3.5/5
Schumacher's first stab at Batman earns a respectable collection of extras that  are surprisingly candid about Forever's rough reception and divisive design direction.   While it doesn't deliver the breadth of the package included on Burton's original, it does a  fine job of documenting the inner-workings of Schumacher's production.
Audio Commentary: Schumacher seems like a nice enough fellow and, as I listened to  his forthright chat about Batman Forever, I felt a touch of guilt for rejecting Batman & Robin as harshly as I always have.  Even so, the track grows repetitive at  times and tends to drag in spots.  I enjoyed listening to the director discuss his costume  choices, garish lighting, and overall design sense, but I couldn't shake the feeling that he  was saddened by the overall reaction fans had to the film.
Shadows of the Bat, Part 5 (SD, 29 minutes): The next segment of the documentary  looks at Forever's sudden tonal shift, the contributions of its cast and crew, and the  hard work that went into redesigning Gotham, adding so many new characters into the mix,  and overhauling Batman's cave and car.
Beyond Batman (SD, 45 minutes): Yet another batch of featurettes skim over the film's  costumes and make-up effects, the new look of Gotham, the cast's stuntwork, visual effects,  and the musical score.
Riddle Me This (SD, 24 minutes): Bah.  This made-for-TV EPK is all flash and dazzle, with  little to no substance.  Spend your time elsewhere.
The Heroes and the Villains (SD, 16 minutes): This group of profiles hones in on Batman,  the Riddler, Two-Face, Robin, and Dr. Chase Meridian.
Deleted Scenes (SD, 13 minutes): Seven exorcised scenes wisely discarded on the  cutting room floor.
Music Video (SD, 4 minutes): While Seal's Kiss from a Rose is on the disc, U2's  contribution to Batman Forever is strangely absent.
Theatrical Trailer (SD, 3 minutes)
Batman & Robin
Rating: 3/5
The most hated entry in the anthology also has the most awkward supplemental  package.  Many of the features tiptoe around the obvious and attempt to salvage as much  dignity for its cast and crew as possible.  Can't say I can blame the disc's producers for  that.
Audio Commentary: Schumacher tries to stay in good spirits, but his commentary is  uncomfortable, his laughs reveal his anxiety, and he ducks out before the film even ends.   Regardless, the director provides an unexpectedly robust account of the production, hitting  on his controversial casting decisions, the additional characters and villains he brought to  the series, and the reasons he took the sets and costumes to such gaudy extremes.  While  it didn't make me appreciate the film any more, it was still a decent track to listen  to.
Shadows of the Bat, Part 6 (SD, 27 minutes): An unexpectedly to-the-point cast and  crew share their honest feelings about Batman & Robin, describe what they enjoyed  about their work, and discuss why the film failed so miserably.  No matter how much you  hate Schumacher's franchise kiss of death, the final segment in this six-part documentary is  definitely worth watching.
Beyond Batman (SD, 51 minutes): The last group of featurettes in the anthology cover Batman & Robin's aesthetics, costumes, special effects, vehicles, and  characters.
The Heroes and the Villains (SD, 17 minutes): A parting series of video profiles for  Batman, Mr. Freeze, Poison Ivy, Robin, Batgirl, and Bane.
Deleted Scene (SD, 1 minute): For those who just can't get enough punishment comes  this extended take of Batgirl's arrival.
Music Videos (SD, 18 minutes): Four music videos round out the disc, including The  Smashing Pumpkins' The End is the Beginning, Bone Thug Harmony's Look Into  My Eyes, R. Kelly's Gotham City, and Jewel's Foolish  Games.
Theatrical Trailer (SD, 3 minutes)
Batman: The Motion Picture Anthology Blu-ray, Overall Score and Recommendation
 
As is the case with any boxed set that includes films from various eras, Batman: The  Motion Picture Anthology will rope in completists while holding casual fans at bay with  its high price point and uneven collection of films.  However, anyone who does pick up the  anthology is in for a pleasant treat.  Attractive video transfers, compelling lossless audio  tracks, and hours upon hours of supplemental material are on hand to keep you happy for  days.  It's certainly not a perfect set, but purists will be happy with what they find.
Batman: The Motion Picture Anthology Blu-ray, News and Updates
• Pre-Nolan Batman Movies Get Separate Blu-ray Releases - February 17, 2010
Warner Home Video has announced that, on May 4, it will release Batman, Batman Returns, Batman Forever and Batman & Robin on Blu-ray in individual releases. Until now, the Burton/Schumacher canon of Batman movies was available in Batman: The Motion Picture Anthology, ...
• Batman Movie Anthology Blu-ray in Amazon Gold Box - July 14, 2009
This is beginning to look like an unofficial hidef week at Amazon (or maybe a Comic-Con week). Today, the Gold Box deal-of-the-day is a special offer on 'Batman: The Motion Picture Anthology', which today can be bought on Blu-ray for $57.99. This is the best price ...
