Batman (1943) - 15 chapter serial
directed by Lambert Hillyer
This low-budget, 15-part weekly serial from Columbia Pictures was, as the opening credits stated: "Based on the Batman comic magazine feature appearing in detective comics and Batman magazines, Created by Bob Kane." Each one ended with a cliff-hanger, which was repeated at the beginning of the next week's episode. The introductory episode was about 26-27 minutes long, while the others were shorter. Batman was the first DC Comics character to have his own serial.
The fifteen serial chapter titles, in order were: "The Electrical Brain," "The Bat's Cave," "The Mark of the Zombies," "Slaves of the Rising Sun," "The Living Corpse," "Poison Peril," "The Phoney Doctor," "Lured by Radium," "The Sign of the Sphinx," "Flying Spies," "Nipponese   Trap," "Embers of Evil," "Eight Steps Down," "The Executioner Strikes," "The Doom of the Rising Sun." When the serial was revived in the mid-1960s, it was retitled: "An Evening With Batman and Robin" - with all episodes played straight-through from beginning to end.
Lewis Wilson starred as smug playboy Bruce Wayne with alias superhero Batman, "America's No. 1 crime fighter," and Douglas Croft as his "young two-fisted assistant" Robin/Richard "Dick" Grayson - they were a crime-fighting duo. Shirley Patterson played the part of secretary Linda Page, Bruce's girlfriend who often necessitated rescue. There was no Batmobile in both 1940s serials, although this series introduced butler Alfred Pennyworth (William Austin).
The series was set during wartime, with J. Carrol Naish playing the role of a diabolical, shifty-eyed  Japanese criminal mastermind who was named Dr. Tito Daka (aka Prince Daka). He possessed a "new secret weapon" - a destructive radium-powered death ray that could crumble a concrete wall into rubble. He was also noted as a mad scientist who could turn his enemies into electronically-controlled zombies, and he possessed an alligator pit beneath a trapdoor in his living room. His hideout was located behind the Cave of Horrors carnival ride in Little Tokyo.
The first of the serials, "The Electrical Brain," began with a long voice-over narration: "High atop one of the hills which ring the teaming metropolis of Gotham City, a   large house rears its bulk against the dark sky. Outwardly, there's nothing to   distinguish this house from many others, but deep in the cavernous basements of   this house in a chamber hewn from the living rock of the mountain, is the strange,   dimly lighted, mysteriously-secret Bat's Cave - hidden headquarters of America's #1   crimefighter, Batman! Yes, Batman, clad in the somber costume which has struck   terror to the heart of many of swaggering denizen of the Underworld. Batman, who    even now is pondering  plans of a new assault against the forces of crime, a   crushing blow against evil, in which he will have the valuable aid of his young,   two-fisted assistant, Robin, the Boy Wonder. They represent American youth who   love their country and are glad to fight for it, wherever crime raises its ugly   head to strike with the venom of a maddened rattlesnake. Batman and Robin strike   also, and in this very hour when the Axis criminals are spreading their evil   over the world, even within our own land, Batman and Robin stand ready to fight them   to the death."
Bruce Wayne
