Warner Bros. Interactive, DC Announce Batman: Arkham City
PC News | Aug 5, 2010
It took every ounce of the Dark Knight's physical and mental abilities to get through Arkham Asylum. And as the just announced title for Batman's upcoming sequel suggests, things aren't about to get any easier in Arkham City. Read More »
Warner Acquires a Majority Stake in Rocksteady Studios
PC News | Feb 23, 2010
If anyone was still doubting the success of last year's Batman: Arkham Asylum, today Warner Bros., the game's publisher, announced that it's bought up a majority stake of London-based developer Rocksteady Studios. To date, Arkham Asylum has shipped over three million copies worldwide, and with a sequel already in the works, it's possible that Rocksteady will go on to develop more action games based on the Batman franchise. Read More »
Is Rocksteady Working on an Arkham Asylum Sequel?
PC News | Nov 2, 2009
GOONL!NE ran a rumor piece over the weekend which suggests that Rocksteady Games might well be hard at work on a sequel to this year's excellent Batman: Arkham Asylum. The tantalizing quote from Rocksteady's game director, Sefton Hill, comes in from the latest issue of Official PlayStation Magazine. Read More »
PC Reviews | Sep 18, 2009
You're Batman.
That's it. No convoluted backstory or lengthy exposition to explain Bruce Wayne's tragic history for the 80 millionth time. When you fire Arkham Asylum up, you're thrust immediately into the Joker's hostile takeover of Gotham City's titular nuthouse -- and if you don't know what any of this stuff is, tough break. It's actually better off because of this minimal setup, too. Where most licensed videogames try to shoehorn in every conceivable piece of related fiction, Arkham Asylum delivers precisely what its story calls for, and trusts you to fill in the gaps. In fact, this action-adventure is so smart, so well-written, and delivered with such an obvious love for its source material, I daresay it is both the best licensed game ever made, and arguably the best game of its kind in our current console generation. Read More »
Arkham Asylum PC Version, Maps Due This Week
PC News | Sep 15, 2009
The Games for Windows Live version of Batman: Arkham Asylum will launch this week, as well as two free downloadable maps. Starting today, PC gamers can pick up Arkham Asylum for $10 cheaper than the console versions (listed at the suggested retail price of $49.99). Other notable differences with the PC version are an improved physics engine thanks to Nvidia's PhysX (video below).
Lastly, on the 17th, PC and console gamers will be able to download two free maps for Arkham Asylum, titled the Insane Night Map Pack. The maps focus on two separate aspects of Batman's arsenal as one has you beating the sense out of hordes of baddies while the other has you honing your gadget-aided stealth skills to dispatch patrolling thugs from the shadows. Read More »
