MOVIE NEWS
1. Brave - $66.3M
An impetuous princess discovers that her reckless choice has put both her family and her father's kingdom in peril in this animated adventure from Pixar films. As a toddler, Merida (voice of Kelly MacDonald) saw her father, King Fergus (Billy Connolly), do battle with one of the fiercest animals in the kingdom -- a horribly scarred hulk of a bear named Mordu. Though Fergus lost his leg defending his family, Merida and her mother, Queen Elinor (Emma Thompson), managed to escape the beast before it vanished back into the forest. Years later, Merida has grown up to become not just a skilled archer, but also a beautiful princess who inspires a competition among the eligible bachelors in the land. But Merida has little interest in getting married, and the harder her mother pushes the issue, the more fiercely she resists it. When the tournament for her hand gets under way and a deep divide opens between mother and daughter, Merida makes a wish that threatens the future of both her family and the entire kingdom. Now, with only a brief window of time to set things right, Merida must summon the courage to atone for her mistake and prevent a past tragedy from destroying any hope for a peaceful future. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
2. Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted - $19.7M
The third entry in the Madagascar franchise finds the tightknit group of animals joining a traveling circus in order to get back home. Noah Baumbach provides the script, with Eric Darnell handling director duties. Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, and Sacha Baron Cohen reprise the voice roles, with Frances McDormand stepping in as the villain. ~ Jeremy Wheeler, Rovi
3. Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter - $16.3M
Abraham Lincoln is reinvented as a vampire-killing president in this Timur Bekmambetov-directed action picture starring Benjamin Walker, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Rufus Sewell, and Dominic Cooper. Pride and Prejudice and Zombies author Seth Grahame-Smith adapts his own book for 20th Century Fox. Tim Burton produces alongside Bekmambetov and Jim Lemley. ~ Jeremy Wheeler, Rovi
4. Prometheus - $9.9M
A team of space explorers embarks on a fantastic voyage to the edge of the universe after making a profound discovery that hints at the true origins of the human race in this belated pseudo-prequel to director Ridley Scott's 1979 sci-fi classic Alien. Isle of Skye, Scotland: 2089. Archeologists Elizabeth Shaw (Noomi Rapace) and Charlie Holloway (Logan Marshall-Green) discover a cave drawing featuring a mysterious star pattern not found in our solar system. Upon comparing the image with similar other ones found at different archeological digs all over the planet, the pair realizes that they all match perfectly. They're convinced that the image is an invitation, and set out on a high tech Weyland Industries ship called Prometheus to - just maybe - unlock the mysteries of mankind's origins on Earth. Flash forward to Christmas Day, 2093. The crew of Prometheus awakens from stasis to learn they have arrived at their destination. With highly-intelligent android David (Michael Fassbinder) assisting the mission, and chilly Weyland representative Meredith Vickers (Charlize Theron) calling the shots, Captain Janet (Idris Elba) brings the ship down to the surface, landing next to a line of awe-inspiring structures that appear to have been built by intelligent beings. But when a small crew led by Elizabeth and Charlie explore the remote planet, the artifacts they find threaten to contradict everything mankind had been taught about its origins. But there's a secret in this chamber that's lain dormant for centuries, and now that it senses life, it finally sees an opportunity to escape. If it does, the trip that was supposed to answer al of our biggest questions about life could also be the one that seals the fate of every living creature on planet Earth. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
5. Snow White and the Huntsman - $8.0M
The enchanting Snow White (Kristen Stewart) joins forces with the fierce Huntsman (Chris Hemsworth), who was recruited by the diabolical Queen (Charlize Theron) to kill the fair beauty, and together they fight to rid their kingdom of evil in this bold new take on the fairy-tale classic from commercial director Rupert Sanders. Obsessed with being the fairest woman in the land, the Queen learns that Snow White will soon surpass her in beauty, and seeks to achieve immortality by consuming the young girl's heart. But the Huntsman is the only one capable of braving the dark forest to seek out Snow White. Threatened with death should he refuse to follow his order, the Huntsman finds Snow White, and begins training her for the arduous battle ahead. Meanwhile, a handsome prince (Sam Claflin) falls hopelessly under Snow White's spell. Ray Winstone, Ian McShane, Eddie Izzard, Bob Hoskins, Toby Jones, Eddie Marsan, and Stephen Graham co-star as the seven dwarfs. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
6. Rock of Ages - $7.6M
A small-town girl and a big-city boy find their fates intersecting on the Sunset Strip, riding a wave of romance through the height of the "hair metal" scene as the off-Broadway musical rocks its way to the big screen courtesy of choreographer-turned-director Adam Shankman (A Walk to Remember, Hairspray). Arriving in Hollywood with stars in her eyes, Sherrie (Julianne Hough) meets Drew (Diego Boneta), and together they plunge headlong into the local rock scene. Meanwhile, as Sherrie struggles to stay afloat in a churning sea of rock 'n' roll excess, she gets swept off her feet by audacious rock star Stacee Jaxx (Tom Cruise). Russell Brand, Paul Giamatti, and Bryan Cranston co-star in a movie featuring music by Journey, Def Leppard, Poison, Whitesnake, Bon Jovi, Foreigner, Joan Jett, and REO Speedwagon. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
7. That's My Boy - $7.6M
A single father finds his lackluster parenting skills coming back to haunt him in this Adam Sandler comedy directed by Sean Anders (Sex Drive). As a teenage father, Donny (Sandler) struggled to raise his son Todd (Andy Samberg) until Todd was old enough to strike out on his own. Subsequently estranged from his father for years, Todd is about to marry the love of his life when Donny turns up determined to form the father-son bond they never had. Now the harder Donny tries to connect with his long-lost son, the more furious Todd's future bride grows with the unwelcomed intruder and his obnoxious antics. Leighton Meester and James Caan co-star. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
8. Marvel's The Avengers - $7.1M
Marvel Studios delivers the ultimate comic-book film, which ties together such characters as Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Captain America (Chris Evans), The Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), and Thor (Chris Hemsworth) for a big-screen franchise team-up like no other. Taking center stage this time is Nick Fury (played once again by the note-perfect Samuel L. Jackson), leader of the peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D. Fury, along with former Russian spy Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), recruits a super team to combat Thor's ever-deceptive brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) after he brainwashes ace archer Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) while stealing a cosmic cube from an underground base. Thus the heroes must learn to work together alongside outlaw scientist Bruce Banner (Ruffalo), who can track down the artifact's gamma signals when he's not hulking out into a giant green monster. Show runner Joss Whedon (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Firefly) adapted and helmed the script by Zak Penn. ~ Jeremy Wheeler, Rovi
9. Men in Black 3 - $5.7M
The Men in Black are back, and this time Agent J (Will Smith) must take a trip into the past in order to save both the future and his taciturn partner Agent K (Tommy Lee Jones) in the third installment of the hit sci-fi comedy series. After 15 years of working with aliens from all across the cosmos, Agent J is sure he's seen it all. But just when he's getting the hang of the game, he learns that history has inexplicably been rewritten. In this new timeline of events, Agent K has been dead for 40 years, and Earth will soon come under attack from an extraterrestrial force with the power to claim the entire planet. Now, in order to set the past straight and head off an invasion of epic proportions, Agent J must travel back to the year 1969, when Young Agent K (Josh Brolin) was just a fresh new face on the force. But Agent J only has 24 hours to find the source of the coming catastrophe and discern how his longtime partner ties into the situation -- should he fail he'll be stuck in the past forever. Jemaine Clement, Alice Eve, and Emma Thompson co-star. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
10. Seeking a Friend for the End of the World - $3.8M
Steve Carell and Keira Knightley star in this apocalyptic comedy following two neighbors who set out for one last road trip after learning that a massive asteroid will wipe out all life on Earth in just three weeks. Dodge (Carell) and Penny (Knightly) are both having a very bad day. Shell-shocked after hearing that the last hope of destroying the massive asteroid on a collision course with Earth has failed, Dodge watches helplessly as his wife bounds out of their car and vanishes into the night. Later, as the now-reluctant loner ponders what to do with his remaining time on the doomed planet, sobbing waif Penny appears at his window lamenting her breakup with self-centered boyfriend Owen. When the sun rises the following morning, the two neighbors who had barely exchanged passing glances in the hallway have forged a tenuous yet very real connection. Tensions rise, however, when Dodge learns that Penny inadvertently received an inviting love letter from the ex he's always loved, and that she failed to give it to him before all of mankind was doomed to a catastrophic fate. When Dodge announces a plan to reconnect with his ex while he still has the time, guilt-ridden Penny vows to help him accomplish his goal at all costs. But the more time this mismatched pair spend on the road together, the more their journey takes on a new meaning -- one that neither could have ever seen coming, but which both sense was the way things were meant to be. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
Keep Updated
Get email alerts when new batman wallpapers are added (we respect your privacy)
Enter your E-MAIL below: 
