Superman/Batman: Vengeance by Jeph Loeb  ( Hardcover )
Jeph Loeb's run on Superman/Batman was epic and amazing. In Public Enemies, Superman and Batman work together with and against almost every current DC hero to conclude      the presdiential reign of Lex Luthor, who, with the final words of this book, foreshadows the coming of a Crisis. Supergirl reintroduces Kara Zor-El as Superman's Kryptonian cousin and also brings us a return of Harbinger as      Supergirl struggles to find her place in the world, first being taken in by the Amazons of Paradise Island and then      by Darkseid! In Absolute Power we are shown Superman and Batman on multiple Earths and in multiple timlines.      They begin the story as the ruthless rulers of a conquered Earth as an uprising of heroes joins together to battle them,      an uprising of heroes that includes Uncle Sam, the Human Bomb, Phantom Lady, the Ray, Doll Man, and Wonder Woman. But when      Wonder Woman kills Batman, and Superman kills her in return, the Superman of Kingdom Come must step in to help set things right.      The story contines with appearances by Kamandi and Tufta... Cinnamon, Bat Lash, El Diablo, Jonah Hex, and Scalphunter...      Darkseid, Metron, and Etrigan... Sgt. Rock, and the Easy Company... the Blackhawks... and even Ra's Al Ghul and the Legion      of Superheroes. Consider this a fantastic refresher on the breadth of the DC Universe as we lead into the beginnings of Infinite Crisis. In addition to bringing together all of the stories that go back to the beginning of Public Enemies,      Vengeance brings us the extra special bonus of referring back to one of my favorite storylines of all time,      Superman Arkham / Emperor Joker. I wish so badly that DC would release this story in trade. If they did,      it would definitely go on this list. Vengeance also ushers in the return of Bizarro, Batzarro, and almost      every other incarnation of Superman or Batman that has ever existed or been imagined (including the Superman      of Red Son and the Batman of Batman Beyond).
Batman: War Drums by Bill Willingham, Andersen Gabrych*
Batman: War Games Act One by Ed Brubaker, Andersen Gabrych, Devin Grayson, Dylan Horrocks, A.J. Lieberman, Bill Willingham*
Batman: War Games Act Three by Ed Brubaker, Bill Willingham, et al*
At his father's request, Tim Drake quits as Robin. Subsequently, his girlfriend, Spoiler,     takes up the Robin mantle against Batman's wishes. Eventually Batman agrees to train her, but     when she fails, and he fires her, Gotham goes to hell as Spoiler enacts Batman's never-to-be-used     contingency plan that would hope to unify Gotham's criminal element under Matches Malone,     one of Batman's alternate personas. Unfortunately, Spoiler is unaware of Matches's true     identity, so that part of the plan is not enacted in time, resulting in a bloody gang     war. By the end of this tale, Batman will alienate all of his allies.
[o] Infinite Crisis
This section follows Batman from Identity Crisis to Infinite Crisis. Because I have meticulously    laid out a spoiler-free jumping-around order for reading the Infinite Crisis tie-ins elsewhere,    the books in this section will be laid out in the order that makes the most sense from the    perspective of a Batman reader rather than an Infinite Crisis reader.    Therefore, be warned that if you follow this list, major plot points of Infinite Crisis will be revealed prior to reading Infinite Crisis itself. This is an attempt to keep    the Batman stories from being broken apart. If you would prefer a more spoiler-free reading    experience to a logical/linear one, please use the Infinite Crises list.
Identity Crisis by Brad Meltzer  ( Hardcover )
Identity Crisis is an incredible story that shakes the foundation of much of the DC Universe.     A hero's wife is murdered and the members of the Justice League, old and current, must band     together to find the killer before their own spouses are next. But as the investigations continue,     a potentially more sinister crime is revealed, which centers around Batman.
