comic book toys
A host of Batman Toys are being released in honor of the latest Batman Movie, Batman Begins. The movie has sparked off a Batman craze with kids and adults all over the world. Lots of Batman Begins toys, action figures, games, Batman Begins costumes, toy vehicles and more are in the market today. Keep upto date with these New Batman Toys from the Batman movie, Batman Begins.
1. Batman Begins Action Cape Batman Figure from Mattel
Mattel
This is a superb Batman Begins Action Figure from Mattel. This superbly detailed action figure has 25 points of articulation. The highlight of this figure is the unfoldable cape! Very impressive and sleek looking. Perfect for pretend play for the kids.
2. Batman Begins Deluxe Batmobile Mattel
Batman
This sleek Batmobile from Mattel is a must for any child. Many hours of pretend play are promised as Batman roars through Gotham City in his ride and strikes fear into the criminals of the city. This toy replica includes electronics that bring key scenes to life. The rocket engine in the rear and lasers in the front both light up and include cool sounds. The Batmobile also transforms into attack mode with twin projectiles that leap out and forward at the touch of a button.
3. Batman Begins Disc Shooter Super Technology
This awesome disc shooter from the mega movie Batman Begins adds to the fun of playing Batman with your friends. This cool device actually launches discs. These discs are made of soft foam. Simply load the discs into the shooter, press the trigger, and watch the fun begin.
4. Batman Begins Batmobile Replica
Batman
This wonderful Batmobile replica from from DC Direct is handpainted. It is made of porcelain and comes in a gift box with a Certificate of Authenticity, This is a limited edition of 2,600 pieces. Get yours today, it is well worth the price. A word of caution, this is not a toy meant for kids, since it is fragile.
5. Batman Begins Attack Plane Disc Shooter
This awesome attack plane is well detailed. Batman is comfortably seated inside this rev and go vehicle as he battles the enemies. The plane doubles up as a disc launching device, with a cool disc shooter built in. Great for pretend play!
6. PS2 Batman Begins
This awesome video game from the movie Batman Begins is filled with stealth, darkness and fear. Guide Batman through the various levels under the cover of darkness to defeat and scare the enemies away. Also being released in GBA, NGC, and XBox.
