This more needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed .
(July 2010)
Many sports, music, and media personalities, and a number of Hollywood actors, looked forward to and enjoyed their appearances as villains on the Batman show. They were generally allowed to overact and enjoy themselves on a high-rated television series, guaranteeing them considerable exposure (and thus boosting their careers). The most popular villains on the show included Cesar Romero as Joker , Burgess Meredith as Penguin , Frank Gorshin as Riddler , and Julie Newmar as Catwoman . Other famous names from the "rogues gallery" in the comic book series made appearances on the show (notably Mad Hatter ), and some were taken from other superhero comics, such as Puzzler and Archer ( Superman villains) and The Clock King (a Green Arrow villain, who was again portrayed as a Batman villain in the 1990s animated series). Many other villains were created especially for the television show, and never appeared in the comic books (e.g., Shame, Lorelei "The Siren" Circe, Chandell/Fingers, the Bookworm, Lord Marmaduke Ffogg, Dr. Cassandra Spellcraft, and Louie the Lilac), while some were hybrids. The comics' Mr. Zero was renamed Mr. Freeze , a name change that was copied in the comics with lasting effect, and the comics' Brainy Barrows was reworked as Egghead . The comics featured Eivol Ekdol and his partner in crime the Great Carnado. The television show used Ekdol, but replaced Carnado with Zelda the Great. A 2009 comic book featured the first appearance of a version of King Tut. [8]
A celebrity making a prominent appearance in another role was Lesley Gore playing "Pussycat," an "apprentice" of Catwoman . On the January 19, 1967 episode, she sang her top 20 hit "California Nights". Gore was also the niece of Howie Horwitz, one of the show's producers.
A film based on the television show, Batman , was released in 1966. While it did not initially perform well at the cinema, its continued re-release at theaters and showings on television and video have proven profitable for decades.[ citation needed ] Originally, the movie had been conceived to help sell the television series abroad, but the success of the series in America was sufficient publicity. The film was shot after season one was filmed. The movie's budget allowed for producers to build the Batboat and Batcopter , which were used in the second and third seasons of the television show.
The live action television show was extraordinarily popular, called "the biggest TV phenomenon of the mid-1960s". [9] At the height of its popularity, it was the only prime-time television show other than Peyton Place to be broadcast twice in one week as part of its regular schedule, airing at 7:30 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays. Episodes of the show were filmed as two-part cliffhangers , with each storyline beginning on Wednesday and ending on the Thursday night episode (in the second season, a pair of three-parters were also seen). At the very end of the Thursday night segment, a little tag featuring the next week's villain would be shown, such as, "Next week: Batman jousts with The Joker again!" This started on the third week of the series' run and continued until the end of season two. The first episode of a storyline would typically end with Batman and Robin being trapped in a deathtrap , while the narrator (Dozier) would tell viewers to watch the next night with the repeated phrase: "Tune in tomorrow — same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!" Even many years after the show ceased production, this catch-phrase still remained a long-running punchline in popular culture.
On March 16, 1966, the East Coast broadcast of "The Purr-Fect Crime" was interrupted, then cut off, by news bulletins and special coverage of the Gemini 8 space mission, which had run into trouble and had to be brought back to Earth later that evening. On the West Coast, the live coverage of the emergency splashdown pre-empted the show entirely. Part two of this episode, "Better Luck Next Time", aired as scheduled the following night (March 17). These were the first two episodes to be repeated later that spring, since when originally aired on March 16, East Coast viewers had seen only bits and pieces of Part 1 while West Coast viewers did not see Part 1 at all.
Several cast members recorded music tied in to the series. Adam West released a single titled "Miranda", a country-tinged pop song that he actually performed in costume during live appearances in the 1960s. Frank Gorshin released a song titled "The Riddler", which was composed and arranged by Mel Tormé . Burgess Meredith recorded a spoken word single called "The Escape" backed with "The Capture", which consisted of The Penguin narrating his recent crime spree to a jazz beat. Burt Ward recorded a song called "Boy Wonder, I Love You", written and arranged by Frank Zappa .
[ edit ] After the series run
[ edit ] 1970s reunions
In 1972, Burt Ward and Yvonne Craig reunited as Robin and Batgirl for an Equal Pay public service announcement. Dick Gautier played Batman because Adam West was, at the time, trying to distance himself from the role. It was narrated by William Dozier. In 1977, Adam West and Burt Ward returned as voice actors for the Filmation -produced animated series, The New Adventures of Batman . West would once again reprise his role as Batman in animated form when he succeeded Olan Soule in the final two seasons of Super Friends . In 1979, West, Ward, and Frank Gorshin reunited on NBC for Hanna-Barbera 's two Legends of the Superheroes television specials. In the 1980s, several cast members teamed up for a series of celebrity editions of Family Feud .
[ edit ] Legacy
The series' stars, Adam West and Burt Ward , were typecast for decades afterwards, with West especially finding himself unable to escape the reputation of a hammy, campy actor. However, years after the series' impact faded, an episode of Batman: The Animated Series paid tribute to West with an episode titled "Beware The Gray Ghost". In this episode, West played the role of an aging star of a superhero television series Bruce Wayne had watched as a child and from which he later found inspiration. This gave West new popularity with the next generation of fans. He also played Gotham City's Mayor Grange as a somewhat recurring role in The Batman .
In 2003, West and Ward reunited for a tongue-in-cheek television movie titled Return to the Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt which combined dramatized recreations of the filming of the original series (with younger actors standing in for the stars), with modern day footage of West and Ward searching for a stolen Batmobile. The film included cameo appearances by Newmar, Gorshin, and Lee Meriwether, as well as Lyle Waggoner , who had been an early candidate for the role of Batman. Yvonne Craig did not appear in the movie — she reportedly disliked the script. The movie received high ratings and was released on DVD in May 2005.
The animated television series Batman: The Brave and the Bold is influenced by the 1960s television series. The opening credits feature Batman rope-climbing up a building, something that Adam West and Burt Ward often did in the show. [10] Several villains from the 1960s show including King Tut, Egghead, Mad Hatter, Archer, Bookworm, False Face, Black Widow, Siren, Marsha Queen of Diamonds, Louie the Lilac, Ma Parker, and Shame make cameo appearances as prisoners at Iron Heights prison in the episode "Day of the Dark Knight!". They are all captured by Batman and Green Arrow during a mass escape attempt. The episode "Game Over for Owlman!" shows a room in the Batcave containing "souvenirs" of deathtraps that the Joker employed in the 1960s series, with accompanying flashbacks: the giant key from the "Human Key Duplicator " from "The Impractical Joker", the slot machine -controlled electric chair from "The Joker Goes to School", and the giant clam from " The Joker's Hard Times ". The episode "The Color of Revenge!" begins with a flashback to the time of the 1960s television series, using attributes such as the red Batphone, the Shakespeare bust, the sliding bookcase, the Batpoles, Robin in his old television-series costume, and the shot of Batman and Robin fastening their seat belts in the Batmobile. Additionally, the Adam West Batman briefly appears in "Night of the Batmen!" as part of an army of Batmen gathered across the Multiverse .
The Young Justice episode "Schooled" briefly references the show as well by featuring a Shakespeare bust in Bruce's office at the Waynetech building in Metropolis . As a further homage to the series, Bruce is shown accessing an emergency Batsuit hidden in his desk by flipping a switch concealed within the bust.
[ edit ] "Holy ......, Batman!"
A line spoken by Robin ( Chris O'Donnell ) in Batman Forever is a homage to the television Robin's catch-phrase exclamations that started "Holy" and sometimes ended "Batman!", for instance "Holy bargain basements, Batman!" (from the television series' first season) and "Holy flypaper, Batman!" (From the television series' second season). During the movie, Robin says "Holey rusted metal, Batman!" after the duo climb onto twisted metal girders beside some water. This catchphrase also appeared for a time in "Batman" comic books.
[ edit ] Nonrelease on home video
This section needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed .
(March 2011)
Despite considerable interest, [11] there is no official home entertainment release of the series.
Conflicting reports of the reasons behind the non-release of the series point to a number of different factors, which may or may not indeed play a part. These include:
Disagreement between DC Comics, owners of the Batman character, after DC's sister/parent company Warner Bros. took over DC in 1969. Warner Bros. could also be involved, as well as 20th Century Fox , owners of the program itself. [12]
Commentators have suggested that DC Comics itself is not involved, and that Warner and Fox are reluctant to work with each other. This was denied by a Warner spokesperson in 2005 during their semi-regular "Home Theater Forum" chat, where it was stated that the issues were between Fox and DC alone, with Warner playing no part in negotiations. [13]
The argument has been made that DC does not wish to distort the current image of Batman by having the overtly campy 1960s series competing head-to-head with more modern takes, such as Tim Burton 's Batman film and its sequels or Christopher Nolan 's Batman Begins and The Dark Knight . DC may indeed be distancing itself from the 1960s series.[ citation needed ] A solicited cover by Mike Allred for issue #7 of Solo—a 2005 DC Comics series—featured Batman doing the Batusi . The cover, based on Adam West and a memorably campy episode of the television series, was replaced by the time of Solo #7's release. Allred explains that the cover was pulled by "higher ups" for reasons largely unknown. [14] Speculation over the reasons first intimated that potential infringement of rights were the issue, but this was soon replaced with suggestions that its "campy" nature was the real factor in its removal. At the time of the issue's release, DVDs of Batman , Batman Returns , Batman Forever , Batman & Robin , and Batman Begins were also being promoted, and DC's chief editor Dan Didio reportedly does not like camp. [15]
Greenway/ABC/Fox rights issues. The Batman series was conceived as an equal partnership between William Dozier 's Greenway Productions and Fox in 1964, before Fox entered into a separate agreement with ABC to produce the series in 1965. With three companies involved almost from the outset, there is some speculation that these rights are tangled even before the DC Comics character ownership rights are to be considered. Moreover:
In 2006, Deborah Dozier Potter, "the successor-in-interest to Greenway Productions" sued Fox for allegedly withholding monies under the Fox/ABC agreement. [16] [17] Dozier Potter further claimed that this came to her attention when, in March 2005, "she considered releasing the series on DVD," implying that (from her perspective at least) Greenway/Dozier Potter has some say in the matter of potentional DVD release of the series. The case was resolved/dismissed in November 2007. In February 2005, John Stacks had approached Deborah Dozier Potter to market the series on DVD. There were many offers and lots of interest in the release of the series, as can be read in Joel Eisner's The Official Batbook Revised Bat Edition 2008. [18]
Other complications/rights issues:
Christopher D. Heer, writing at the "1966 Batman Message Board", clarified a quote by moderator Lee Kirkham, noting that there will likely be the need for complicated deals regarding cameos, since "...at least some of the cameos were done as uncredited, unpaid walk-ons – which means that Fox does NOT have home video clearances for them. Either those scenes would have to be cut or an agreement reached with the actors." [19]
Kirkham's initial quote also noted that, alongside music clearance issues, there could also be problems over some of the costumes, and the original Batmobile:
"It may surprise you, but then there are also rights issues concerning the design of the unique Batmobile design used in the show, and possibly a separate issue regarding some of the costumes as well!" [20]
The series, under the Fox/ABC deal, is however still in syndication, and regularly shown on a number of channels around the world. Thus far, though, only the 1966 feature film is available on DVD for non-broadcast viewing in North America. This affected the 2003 television movie reunion Return to the Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt , also released to DVD, which was able to make use of footage only from the 1966 movie.
With Batman being unavailable for home-video release, an unusual situation has occurred in which material that would be considered DVD featurettes has been released separately. In 2004, Image Entertainment released Holy Batmania, a two-DVD set that included documentaries on the making of the series, as well as rare footage such as the original screen tests of the cast and Lyle Waggoner. [21] In 2008, Adam West released a privately issued DVD with the tongue-in-cheek title Adam West Naked for which he recorded anecdotes regarding all 120 episodes of the series. [22]
[ edit ] Collectibles
Starting in 1966, an enormous amount of Batman merchandise was manufactured and marketed to cash-in on the TV show's vast popularity. This includes trading cards, scale model kits of the Batmobile, coloring books, and board games. Items from this particular era have gained substantial collector appeal with their remarkable variety, scarcity, and style.
One of the most desired collectibles involves the episodes introducing Catwoman ("The Purr-fect Crime" / "Better Luck Next Time"), which were the subject of a View-Master reel & booklet set in 1966 (Sawyers Packet # B492). While the series was first-run on ABC, packet cover indicia reflected the "Bat Craze" cultural phenomenon by referring to the booklet as a Batbooklet, Dynamically illustrated. By the time the television series was cancelled in 1968 and GAF had taken over the View-Master product, Batbooklet was removed in favor of then-standard View-Master packaging for all future releases in the decades to follow, right up the period when the standard packet line was discontinued. The first season's superimposed fight onomatopoeias were not used for the View-Master's scenes of fights. Instead, black-lined "blast" balloons (transparent inside), and series-like onomatopoeias were illustrated and superimposed over fight images.
The popularity of the TV series has carried several decades after its debut; toy company Mattel has made the 1966 Batmobile in various scales for the Hot Wheels product line.
