Earlier this week a letter from Lucius Fox to Bruce Wayne popped up in the Applied Sciences section of  DewGothamCity.com . Today, Bruce Wayne’s response was revealed. Here’s what he had to say:
Lucius,
Tell the board as of today the program is shut down. As we have discussed before, there is too much at stake and the risk is too great. That is my only concern.
Sincerely,
Bruce
Keep an eye on  DewGothamCity.com  for more, especially on July 8th when the Batcave will reveal some exclusive new content. Batman-News.com will have you covered with all the latest news.
Also, Mountain Dew wants to send you to the premiere of The Dark Knight Rises! To enter, record a short video showing your love for Mountain Dew and The Dark Knight Rises. Head on over to Mountain Dew’s Facebook page for all the official rules.
New ‘The Dark Knight Rises’ TV spot shows off Batman and Catwoman teamwork (Update: HD video)
A new TV spot for The Dark Knight Rises aired last tonight and it showed off some new footage of Batman and Catwoman working together.
Unfortunately it hasn’t been put online in HD yet, so check out the TV recording version for now. I’ll swap in a HD version as soon as it becomes available.
Update: It’s now available in HD!
Greyhound announces ‘The Dark Knight Rises’ contest: Live like Bruce Wayne
This week, Greyhound announced that it is giving one lucky person and their guest the chance to “Go Greyhound to Gotham City”. The contest is in partnership with Warner Bros. for The Dark Knight Rises and will give fans a chance to live like billionaire Bruce Wayne.
From now until August 3rd, Batman fans can enter to win a trip for two to New York and live like Bruce Wayne. The winner and one guest will receive round-trip airfare for two to New York City, limousine service on a custom Greyhound VIP coach between the airport and hotel, a three-night hotel stay at a four-star or higher hotel, a sunset champagne helicopter tour over Manhattan and dinner at the three Michelin-starred Jean-Georges restaurant.
Greyhound buses around the country will also be featuring cool The Dark Knight Rises artwork. For more information on how to enter, check out the press release after the break.
