The Best & Worst Batman Villains
Which madman is Batman's greatest enemy... and who's the dumbest?
June 3, 2005 June 4, 2005 June 3, 2005
by Hilary Goldstein
Batman Begins is less than two weeks away. As you've probably noticed, we've been going non-stop on the Batman tip for the past couple of weeks. Look for that to intensify as we get ever-closer to the feature film debut. While Batman is, of course, the most vital part of any Batman film, the villains are also crucial. To some Ra's Al Ghul and Scarecrow may be odd picks for the first revamped Bat-flick, but they make perfect sense to us -- after all, these are two of Batman's greatest foes.
Because the villains are a reflection of the Dark Knight, we decided to run down the top ten Batman Villains of all time. And, just for the hell of it, we picked the five worst. Some excellent villains were left off the list, including the Riddler and Killer Croc. There's at least one surprising pick for the worst villains. Feel free to write in and tell us we're idiots.
Criteria
In Continuity - Our original list included villains from any Batman book, along with Elseworlds tales. However, when it came down to judging, it seemed a little unfair to have Dracula bumping worthy long-term Bat-villains from the list. So the only villains we considered in the end were those in continuity up to the present day (meaning no baddies from Dark Knight Returns).
Suffering Caused - The best villains are those with some personal connection to Batman. Either battling them is an emotional struggle or failing to capture them leads to personal strife. There are plenty of baddie-of-the-month villains out there, but the greatest make a difference in the Dark Knight's life.
Threat Level - How dangerous is a villain? What priority level would Batman put them on? There are certain villains that threaten a crowd, some that threaten the city and the rare one or two that threaten the entire planet.
Cool Factor - Let's face it, one thing that people dig about Batman villains are their quirky personalities. A character may not score high in the other criteria, but if they are cool enough, they can still hold our attention and make us eager for more.
The Worst
