Newly Added
Volume Description
The entire run of Batman still stands upon large controversies over who actually came up with some of the characters. Bob Kane supposedly came up with the idea for the hero, but it has been suggested that he only came up with a "Bird-man" and Bill Finger suggested he be a "Bat-man". Both creators however, share credit for this character. As for the Joker , the first concept sketch was drawn by Jerry Robinson , but Kane disputed that his input was "minimal" suggesting he and Bill came up with the idea. Kane also finagled many legal aspects of Batman related print and media. Every movie and comic reads "Batman created by Bob Kane" when it should read "Batman created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger". However It is not disputed that Robinson and Finger came up with the character, Robin after "Robinhood" . Bob Kane and Sheldon Moldoff co-created numerous bat-creations including Alfred Pennyworth , Poison Ivy, Mr. Freeze , Batwoman , Batgirl as well as Bat-Mite and Ace the Bat Hound just to name a few. Bill Finger also co-created Penguin , Riddler , and Catwoman .
Ad for Batman #1
One of DC's longest running books showcasing the adventures of the Dark Knight, Batman . Through out the years, a majority of Batman's marquee story lines have happened within the pages of this book including, but not limited to the death of the second Robin, Jason Todd , and Bane breaking Batman's back, leading to Jean-Paul Valley to assume the role of Batman for a period of time in the 90s.
In 2006, super-star writer Grant Morrison took over the book. Morrison wrote stories that introduced readers to Bruce's son Damian Wayne as well as putting Bruce through a series of near fatal trials against The Black Glove and Doctor Hurt , leading up to the epic 2008 story lines of Batman RIP and Final Crisis where Bruce Wayne had apparently died at the hands of the evil god Darkseid .
After Bruce's "death," and the Battle for the Cowl , Dick Grayson , the first Robin, took up the mantle of Batman, continuing to protect Gotham exactly as his mentor had. He even took in Damian as his own Robin. With the exception of two issues set prior to the events of Final Crisis , Dick Grayson has been the star of the book since issue #687.
When the super hero community learned that Bruce Wayne had never actually died, and was sent back in time by Darkseid, Dick Grayson eventually knew that his time as Batman would soon end. But with Bruce's return, and formation of Batman Incorporated , Bruce deemed Dick Grayson the Batman of Gotham City, as he traveled the world, searching for more recruits for his new organization.
Charles Paris has drawn the most issues of Batman thus far at 128. Denny O'Neil is a long time writer and editor at DC with 211 issues. He also contributed the location of Arkham Asylum as well as the characters Man-Bat , Ra's al Ghul and Talia al Ghul .
In September 2011, DC Comics relaunched their entire line in an event known as " The New 52 " which would see the premiere of fifty-two new titles, thus the long-running Batman series ended with #713 during Tony S. Daniel 's run on the title. In the new line, however, Tony Daniel will continue writing in the "Batman universe" but under the character's other main title, Detective Comics . The new Batman series will be written instead by Scott Snyder (who was writing Detective Comics pre-relaunch).
For Post Flashpoint volume 2, refer to Batman .
Trade Volumes that collect Batman issues:
Classic and Archived Batman:
The Batman Chronicles Volume 1 (Batman #1, Detective Comics #27-37)
The Batman Chronicles Volume 2 (Batman #2-3, Detective Comics #39-45, New York World's Fair Comic #2)
