Forum
The 72-year-old lore of the Batman universe is about as immutable as comic book icons come. If Batman: Arkham Asylum was evidence of Rocksteady's comprehension of the franchise, then Arkham City is proof of their understanding of its quiescence.    The chiropteran hero hasn't introduced many substantial changes to his modus operandi since his last, incredibly ...
The last Catwoman Riddler trophy is exclusively at Comic-Con
by Richard Mitchell (Jun 19th 2012 9:30PM)
You might think you've collected all of Catwoman's Riddler trophies in Arkham City, but you're wrong! It turns out the Riddler has crafted one more puzzle, hiding one last trophy at the upcoming San Diego Comic-Con. There's only one way to unlock these 8-pound, LED-lit replicas, and that's to put ...
Batman: Arkham City Armored Edition takes us on a virtual tour
by David Hinkle (Jun 6th 2012 1:00AM)
You may be wondering what exactly is so special about Batman: Arkham City Armored Edition, the Wii U port of Rocksteady's excellent 2011 game. Well, this video overview should be able to answer most of your questions, so long as you're asking whether you can control a batarang with the WiiPad or ...
Batman: Arkham City 'Armored Edition' headed to Wii U [Update: Includes all DLC]
by Ben Gilbert (Jun 5th 2012 12:29PM)
We already knew Bats was headed to Nintendo's Wii U, but we didn't realize that Arkham City would get a full re-treatment care of Warner Bros. Batman: Arkham City "Armored Edition" is headed to Nintendo's Wii U with a set of new WiiPad-specific controls. WB didn't give the game a date or detail how ...
PSA: Harley Quinn's Revenge begins today on PSN and Xbox 360 [Update]
by Jessica Conditt (May 29th 2012 4:30PM)
Harley Quinn's rampagement begins today on PSN and Xbox 360, and runs through PC in early June. The DLC is part of the Batman: Arkham City Game of the Year Edition, which includes previous packs featuring Catwoman, Nightwing and Robin. Harley Quinn's Revenge is a plotty affair, beginning with ...
Watch Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy record for Arkham City, destroy the fabric of reality
by Jordan Mallory (May 25th 2012 11:59PM)
This voice acting-oriented episode of Inside Rocksteady Studios is the first time we personally have ever seen either the Joker or Batman's voices come out of real human bodies, and suffice to say that oh man is it weird. It's almost like Batman and the Joker are providing voiceovers for Kevin ...
Harley Quinn is still really upset in the latest Arkham City DLC trailer
by Jordan Mallory (May 18th 2012 4:00AM)
Poor Harley Quinn. First the Joker breaks her mind, and then The Batman breaks her heart. It's nice to see that she's not wallowing in self-pity, though, and that she's got the initiative to get back out in the world and make a name for herself. Granted, she's using homicide to do so, but still, ...
Play as both Robin and Batman in Harley Quinn's Revenge
by Mike Schramm (May 11th 2012 12:15PM)
The Harley Quinn's Revenge DLC coming to Batman: Arkham City has been detailed, and it sounds like a departure from the game. Instead of an open-world affair, the DLC is story driven, initially placing you in Robin's boots and tasking you with finding Batman, who's been lost chasing Harley Quinn ...
Harley Quinn's Revenge to commence on May 29
by Jordan Mallory (May 4th 2012 10:00PM)
You may have noticed that April 30 came and went without so much as a peep from the young Miss Harleen Quinzel, and that her purported plans for vengeance have yet to procure reparations for, well, you know. That's because the original date we had listed for the Batman: Arkham City add-on, Harley ...
Big Batman deals on Steam this weekend, small Batman not on sale
by Jessica Conditt (May 3rd 2012 7:15PM)
The Steam signal burns in the night sky and Batman answers the call, probably because he isn't wearing his glasses and the clouds make the Steam logo look like a diagonal bat if he squints. Batman: Arkham City is half off ($15) and Batman: Arkham Asylum GOTY Edition is 66 percent off ($7) this ...
Batman: Arkham City GOTY Edition includes Harley Quinn content, Year One movie [update: Harley Quinn DLC on April 30]
by JC Fletcher (Apr 23rd 2012 9:17AM)
The Harley Quinn-related teases have led to this: today's announcement of a "Game of the Year Edition" re-release of Batman: Arkham City. Coming to PS3 and Xbox 360 May 29, the new version contains the "Harley Quinn's Revenge" expansion, along with the previously released Robin, Catwoman, and ...
