View All
Batman is a huge special effects blockbuster but strangely, unlike most of Tim Burton's earlier work, it hasn't aged very well. By modern standards the special effects are weak and if a Burton movie doesn't look good, there isn't much else. There is also a very weak script and a Batman movie should have some wit and super hero one liners but this failed to deliver any, apart from the smart "have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?". Narratively, it's one huge mess however that's understandable, because Burton is in my opinion more of an artist than a good storyteller and that often balances his films out, but it would have been good to see more of Gotham as most set pieces are difficult to distinguish from one another. Also, if the film was called "The Joker" it might have been better, because Burton to me seemed to be more interested in Jack Nicholson's character as opposed to the title character. I think he could have done a decent character study if he wasn't restrained by the studio to make a blockbuster. Consequently the film is quite dull and less energetic than his previous work and the Batman films that followed. On a positive note, it's designed execellently and Nicholson's performance is great, but it too often overshadows Michael Keaton. In comparison to Nolan's "Batman Begins" it's primitive and surprisingly, not as dark or deep. Almost nothing in the film is explained, the batmobile shows up out of nowhere and the relationship between Batman and his love interest is never fully addressed. Basinger's character was also highly dislikable. It's not bad but it's not as good as it could or should have been.
June 10, 2012
Directors Cat
Super Reviewer
How much awesomeness can you fit into one film? Well, this one certainly pushes the boundaries. This highly stylised Tim Burton adaptation of one of the most iconic comic characters ever is an exciting and darkly atmospheric adventure story. Michael Keaton plays a very straight and seriousness Bruce Wayne, under acts everything, and does it really well. Jack Nicholson, however, plays the campy and happy Jack Napier, and overacts everything, and does so brilliantly. These 2 are at the centre of the film. All the side characters that are a massive part of the Batman mythology are side tracked for a story about 2 men. Both are responsible for each other's circumstances, both are after the same woman, and they both stand for completely opposite ideologies. The film uses this dynamic very well, and its overall tone is a mix the order and morality of Batman, with the chaos and sick immorality of the Joker. As they both spiral towards the conclusion, we get to take in the heart pounding action, feel the presence of the dark city of Gotham, and meet with Corrupt cops, plucky journalists, and politicians who've lost all control. If 3 years ago you, like me, went to the cinema and enjoyed the Christopher Nolan Batman Film "The Dark Knight" it's imperative that you see, or at least acknowledge, this other superhero masterpiece.
November 15, 2011
