Added by Alphafactor
Despite being the only member of the Justice League without any super powers or supernatural items, Batman has proven himself to be just as formidable as any super-powered hero against the forces of evil. Batman's preparedness for just about every situation and predicament is legendary. Batman has trained for many years to achieve achieved mental and physical perfection - his strength, speed, agility, stamina, durablity, reflexes, willpower and inteligence are as good as a human could possibly be without being considered superhuman. He is proficient in most known forms of martial arts, and possesses incredible reaction skill and superb intellect and wit. Batman is never seen without his famous Utility Belt, which he equips to possess nearly every item needed for any problem, primarily in fighting and investigation. His most recurring items range from Batarangs (bat-shaped bladed boomerangs), bat-bolas (used to apprehend and disable fleeing enemies), batcuffs and the Bat-Grappling Hook, which he uses to traverse Gotham when not in his vehicles.
In addition, his batsuit is reinforced with triple-weaved Kevlar inlays and carbon nanotube fibers, making it resistant to many forms of physical attacks and even certain magical. It functions as both a disguise and a symbol that strikes fear into his opponents, due to its dark and menacing appearance.
Special Moves
Batarang: Batman throws a batarang at his opponent.
Dark Absorption: Batman holds his cape in front of him, absorbing any projectiles thrown at him.
Smoke Escape: Batman throws down a smoke bomb and reappears from the top of the screen, landing on his opponent.
Smoke Batarang: Batman throws a batarang down at the ground. This batarang explodes at or away from his opponent.
Leaping Shadow Kick : Batman jumps up and does a flying back kick at his opponent.
Leg Take Down: Batman puts his legs around his opponent's legs and slams him back and forth.
Sneaky Batarang: He throws a batarang that will hit his opponent in the back of the head.
Heroic Brutalities
Edit
Bat Swarm: Batman throws a batarang at his opponent, which emits sonic waves that summons a swarm of bats to attack the opponent.
Grappling Hook: Batman strikes the opponent and grabs them. He shoots his grappling hook up, and starts ascending. He then throws the opponent down, still holding onto them, and slamming them into the ground at full force.
Ending
Added by M.T.S.
MK vs DCU: "Concerned that other worlds might once again invade Earth, Batman created an autonomous global security system to monitor any temporal breaches. His system, OMAC (Outerworld Monitor and Auto-Containment), is designed to detect and trap invaders from alternate universes. OMAC has already discovered a breach in Metropolis...."
Trivia
Edit
The OMAC computer in his ending is a nod to the D.C. character OMAC , which has had several incarnations across the vast history of DC Comics, as well as being one of the centerpieces of the Infinite Crisis story arc, when the satellite known as "Brother Eye" was hijacked by Checkmate head of operations Maxwell Lord, who then used it to awaken sleeper agent OMACs (which are humans from the entire world infected with a techno-virus) and directing them to kill all heroes.
Batman's ending references the Outer World Investigation Agency from Mortal Kombat.
Batman's game biography was later used for one of D.C.'s games, Batman: Arkham Asylum.
