Heath Ledger Joker Poster
Heath Ledger as The Joker may be the most popular villain role of any Batman film, comic, or television series. Ledger does a fantastic job playing The Joker and is part of the reason The Dark Knight was the summer of 2008's blockbuster film.
Many fans have scrambled to find a poster of Heath Ledger as The Joker and showoff their appreciation for Ledger's performance in the Dark Knight movie. There are quite a few variations of posters featuring The Joker character, each one more menacing as the last. My favorite is the Heath Ledger Joker poster above. This poster is a fantastic portrait of The Joker but does not leave out his archrival, Batman.  In fact Batman is prominently displayed in front of The Joker as in the form of a playing card.
Many innuendos can be pointed out here.  Is Batman an ace?  Or is it that the Joker is "playing with" Batman.  I'm sure one can think up many ways where Batman as a playing card is appropriate.  I love the way this Joker poster shows a gloved hand holding the Batman playing card and how Heath Ledger's face is just behind the card with a shodow on him and a half smile.  Very good poster.
A Second Dark Knight Poster
This is a pretty cool Dark Knight Poster.  Batman himself standing defiantly in front of a building with a bunch of damage and falling debris.  Check out the flames in the shape of Batmans symbol!  Very cool.
The Dark Knight movie should be a timeless one and will be very popular for years.  Christian Bale and Heath Ledger did great work together and Heaths passing will only serve to create more interest and popularity in the film.  Dark Knight posters will look good in any room for many years because of these things.
Another great part about this particular Batman poster is the title up top, "Welcome to a World Without Rules."  That is a great way to sum up what the idea of Gotham City is about.  If Batman is forced to always play by the rules all the time he will never end his mission of bringing peace to Gotham City.  Maybe that's the point?
Dark Knight Movie Batman Poster
The Dark Knight movie is one of the highest grossing films of all time. There have been other films released portraying Batman in all his heroism, but never one like this. It's easy to see why so many people have pinned a Dark Knight Movie Batman Poster on their walls. Batman and the Joker were in top form in this film and will live forever in the on-screen performances of their respective actors.
There are plenty of reasons to want to get a Dark Knight Batman Poster and post it up somewhere. The Dark Knight was easily the best Batman movie to date and won the hearts of Batman fans and movie fans alike all over the world. That is by far the most impressive feat of the Dark Knight. The fact that people who were not even Batman fans have converted into not only liking the Batman character, but loving his world.
A Dark Knight Movie Batman Poster is an amazing compliment to any bedroom and will scream to the world that you are Batman fan.
Batman Poster
Having a Batman Poster on the wall of your room is a sign of loyalty to what could be the most popular comic figure to date. Batman fans are some of the most loyal comic fans around and are always staying up on what's new with their favorite hero, Batman. Maybe it's because Batman is such a flawed human being, like all of us? Or maybe it's because it always seems like Batman is facing a completely hopeless situation and manages to come out on top? Or maybe it's because he just kicks butt, who knows. Batman has been, and will be for a long time, one of the favorite comic heroes around.
There are plenty of good reasons to get a Batman Poster if you are a fan. A poster of Batman says that you understand what it is try to do the right thing every day but not always make it. Posters tell the wordl what you are about and what your interests are without you having to say it. We can't be perfect heroes every day, we can only try to be our best every day.
Measure: 22" inches x 34" inches
Subjects
