Tweet
Right beside Superman , Batman is one of the most famous DC Comics superheroes. Created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger , Batman has been among the most enduring and recognizable comic book characters for over 60 years. there are the new adventures of Batman and even Batman Legos that keep his legacy alive.
The adventure began as a scene in the 1939 Detective Comics # 27 and drew much public attention.  The early Batman was again covered in the Detective Comic # 33 where it was disclosed that he had witnessed his parents murder as a small child. The story caused the Batman comic to gain even more popularity.
http://www.essortment.com/all/historybatman_rbjo.htm
The first appearance on  the movie screen was when they made a 15 part series Batman series in 1943 There was a television show that starred Adam West that began in 1966 and created a sensation. The television show lasted 26 months.
http://www.essortment.com/all/historybatman_rbjo.htm
There has been an entire sub culture based on this comic book hero.   During the 1970's the only way to see Batman was in cartoon form on television.  It took the series of four movies made by Tim Burton and starring Michael Keaton to bring him back into popularity. It was in 1992 that Fox television brought Batman back to the small screen in cartoon form as Batman had been in the 1970's .
2005 brought another movie to theaters and the Batman the Beginning movie, starring Christian Bale .
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0372784/
This  film  was followed by the 2008 production of  '' The Dark Knight , starring Christian Bale as Batman. Heath Ledger stars as his  arch nemesis, The Joker in  this dark film that left the future of Batman up in the air.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0468569/
The third of the trilogy has yet to be completed. The story is still being penned. Christopher Nolan said very little about the plot or the cast only that the story will be epic and the story will be one that everyone wants.  He and his wife Emma Thomson are the team that will eventually put together this last of the three Batman movies. The timing is still up in the air at least until there is a story to sell.
http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/herocomplex/2010/03/christopher-nolan-takes-flight-with-superman-we-have-a-fantastic-story-1.html
Batman's Origin
Bruce Wayne was the child of the affluent Thomas Wayne and Martha Wayne, who are philanthropists and owners of Wayne Industries. On their way home from a movie theater, the pair are gunned down by a mugger before the 8-year-old Bruce's eyes. From that moment on, Bruce Wayne vowed to wage a war on crime.
In the following years he would hone his fighting, scientific, engineering, and strategic skills and acquiring an arsenal of weapons for his war. He adopted the costume and identity of the Batman to scare criminals, and to stand as a symbol for law and order.
Batman's Arsenal
Having no legitimate super powers, Batman employs an array of weapons to aid him in his campaign against crime. Most notable among these are his utility belt and his Batmobile . The utility belt is a belt loaded with small tools and weapons he can easily access when needed; over the years he has produced ball bearings, caltrops, lock picks, batarangs, small explosives, tracking devices, smoke bombs, and various other useful tools from his belt. The Bat mobile is a special car retrofitted with a rocket engine, armored plating, communications equipment, and other modifications intended for martial force. Though it is not strictly a weapon, Batman has the  Bat cave as his secret den where he keeps his arsenal and his Bat Computer, which allows for various kinds of statistical and forensic analysis.
Batman Begins Trailer
