Occupation: Vigilante, industrialist, philanthropist; owner of Wayne Enterprises
Citizenship: U.S.A.
Place of Birth: Crest Hill, Bristol Township; Gotham County
Education: Studied at various universities; extensive training in chemistry, criminology, forensics, martial arts, gymnastics, stealth, disguise, escape artistry, tracking, meditation, and other disciplines
Marital Status: Single
Known Relatives: Thomas and Martha Wayne (parents, deceased), Simon Hurt (ancestor), Alfred Pennyworth (former guardian), Damian Wayne (son), Dick Grayson (adopted son), Tim Drake (adopted son), Jason Todd (adopted son), Cassandra Cain (adopted daughter); Wayne Family
Gadgets
Weapons and Equipment
Batman is most notable for his use of gadgetry . Due to his wealth, money is no obstacle for the development of various gadgets and paraphernalia he uses in fighting crime. The most recognizable of these is the Batarang, a razor throwing weapon that has a returning ability, similar to a boomerang. This was slowly replaced by his grappling hook as a favored gadget over time. Other items include smoke or flash grenades, caltrops, a re-breather, and various types of anti-venom. His heels have a sonic device which can summon a swarm of bats. This allows for dramatic escapes or diversions to keep his enemies busy. A Kryptonite ring was entrusted to Batman by Superman himself, to ensure a defense in case he were to ever go rogue.
Bat-Suit
The earliest versions of the Bat-Suit were based on a Nomex survival suit, and Batman experimented with it until it was light enough for him to move quickly, but strong enough to protect him from attack. It will defend him against knives and small arms. Bruce has created many Batsuits over the years.
Cape
Throughout many revisions, all the versions of Batman's cape still retain the scalloped wing design at the bottom of the cape. The cape is used to help conceal Batman in the shadows, and it has also been used as a sort of parachute/glider. But Batman has never truly been able to fly using any of the various versions of his cape, seeing that he is usually on the ground or in the shadows.
Utility Belt
Batman’s utility belt is one of his most characteristic items of special paraphernalia, and everyone in the "Batman Family" has the same designs on their utility belts Batman had designed the pockets to be locked, and only he knows how to open them. His belt has a security device on it where it can electrically shock someone or detonate an explosive device to prevent anyone from tampering with it. It is made of a leather strap with a solid steel buckle. There are also compartments that hold collapsible "Batarangs." Other equipment Batman caries include various kinds of venom to stun his opponents, as seen in Batman Year One, Batman caries anaconda venom in his utility belt and boots.
Vehicles
While he is in physical peak and has many gadgets, Batman has had numerous vehicles to help him get the jump on villains. Bat-cars, Bat-Planes , Bat-Boats , and other vehicles have been used by Batman to get to locations in record time. The most famous vehicle is the Bat-car or Batmobile. The Batmobile can drive up to mach-1. For more information on Batman's vehicles, view their individual pages.
Powers and Abilities
The Dark Knight
Though he does not posses any innate superhuman abilities, Batman is considered by many (even Superman ) to be among the most dangerous men in the world. Throughout the many years that he has been around, Batman has become one of the most powerful human beings in the DC Universe, despite having no superhuman powers at any time in his life. Starting at the age of 14, Bruce began to train with brilliant minds on the planet to learn about Science, Biology, Criminology, and other areas that would help him become the World's Greatest Detective.
Batman is also a master of stealth, disguise, and escapology. He has infiltrated high security strongholds and systems including Lexcorp. He has vanished in plain sight from regular humans and metahumans such as Azrael . His stealth skills are so great that that even groups of superheroes such as the Legion of Super Heroes have been unable to locate him. To acquire all of these skills, Bruce needed money. When his parents died, Bruce inherited millions of dollars from the Wayne Fortune which he later turned into billions through investing. Bruce owns and runs Wayne International, as well as Batman Incorporated .
Batman is considered to be the "World's Greatest Detective", solving the biggest secrets with small or large amounts of data. He's also fluent in many different languages such as English, Spanish, French, Russian, German, Japanese, Chinese, and others. Because of Batman's physique, he has accomplished feats that normal human beings would almost call superhuman. Batman has been said to be trained in every martial art known to man, and out of every single one of those forms of fighting he knows 127 that are deadly. Those 127 are the main forms of fighting he uses. However, he changes it up to seem unpredictable to men or superhumans.
Because of his training Batman has also mastered all weapons known to man, even firearms. Batman's combat skills surpass most metahumans and normal men, and he even knows every pressure point and nerve strike in the human body, which he inflicts dangerous pain to his enemies which can cause dizziness, numbness, unconsciousness, temporary paralyze, disorientation, and even death. He is in 100% physical peak in every area of his body and mind.
Alternate Realities
Throughout the universe there is more than one Earth. This meaning that there are alternate timelines/futures and people that are unique in their own special way. From the events of the multiple Crisis, most of the Earths have been erased from history. Only 52 Earths remain in the entire universe.
Earth-11
On this gender-bent Earth, Batman is Batwoman. Her real name is Helena Wayne, whom is the daughter of Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle. She takes the place of Batman when he passed away.
Earth-2
On this earth, Batman retired as a police commissioner and married Selina Kyle (Catwoman). They had a daughter named Helena Wayne also known as the Huntress.
Earth-3
On this third Earth, Bruce Wayne is actually Thomas Wayne Jr. He is the son of the wealthy/powerful Thomas and Martha Wayne. This Earth did have a Bruce Wayne in the family, Thomas Wayne Jr.'s little brother, however after the multitudes of crisis that have happened in the DC Universe, he was erased from continuity. Instead Thomas Wayne Jr. is the mirror reflection of Bruce Wayne/Batman of New Earth. Thomas Wayne Jr.'s parents died and he inherited their fortune. He decided to train with assassins, mercenaries and masters of various skills to be a force of evil. As an adult Thomas Wayne Jr. finds out that his father survived and is the Commissioner of the Gotham City police force. Thomas Wayne Sr. knows that his son is Owlman and has decided to dedicate his life at bringing his son to Justice. Thomas Wayne Jr. hates his father for this and wants to kill him. He is the founder/leader of the Crime Syndicate .
Earth-1
Retelling the story of Bruce Wayne and his transformation from billionaire playboy to Dark Knight, creator/writer Geoff Johns recreates Batman's origin to go along with the Earth-1 story line. Earth-1 is to not be considered the "main Earth" or New Earth as it is called, however Bruce will be traveling around the world in search for retribution for his parents death. This story is stated to come out in late 2011, with artist Gary Frank also working on the Graphic Novel.
Earth-31
On this Earth, Batman is in his late 50s or early 60s and has retired from fighting criminal scum. This Earth follows the basic tragedy of Bruce Wayne and his transformation to Batman, however it portrays Bruce much older and, having defeated crime in Gotham, has made his city really safe from other parallel Gotham Cities. However, crime crept it's way into Gotham once again and Bruce had to don his Batman persona once again. Fighting various criminals/friends from the good old days, Batman is equipped with a 13-year-old female Robin who will help Batman in his war on crime. Bruce has retired twice in this world and has to always come back to clean up after the government and their mess. Earth-31's Batman is a much darker Batman.
Earth-43
On Earth-43, Bruce Wayne/Batman was bitten by a female Vampire named Tanya, to oppose the king of vampires, Dracula. Tanya was a vampire that refused to draw on the blood of humans, and only wants to protect them from Dracula and his vampires. Tanya bites Batman, but instead of drawing blood, she transferred him new powers. Batman grew a disliking of the sun and gained incredible strength, speed, and agility. He also had the ability to grow wings in human form and become one with the shadows. While not wanting the blood of others, he had to use Tanya's a substitute to control the hunger. Most of Batman's villains were drained of blood when Tanya's was no longer sufficient. When this occurred, Bruce had already morphed into a giant bat like monster with fangs. Part of Batman's psyche and detective abilities stayed, but he is starting to loose it slowly. Since he wasn't a full vampire, he is hit with a stake in the heart and changed back to human form. Batman of Earth-43 still stands guard over his Gotham, but with the mark of a vampire.
Flashpoint
Thomas Wayne as Batman
In Flashpoint , the DC Universe's continuity thriller, the world has gone to hell. Barry Allen awakens to find that his beloved Earth is no more, and his friends/family have changed. Batman still protects citizens of Gotham from scum/villainy that will try to corrupt it, however Bruce Wayne isn't Batman.
Instead, Thomas Wayne became the Dark Knight when he watched his beloved son and wife get gunned down in front of him. Thomas Wayne isn't the Batman we all know and love, but rather he has torn up Wayne Manor and lives in the Bat-Cave based under it. Thomas isn't afraid to murder in this twisted version of Earth-1.
Zur-En-Arrh
Bruce using the Zur-En-Arrh identity
On planet Zur-En-Arrh, Batman has superpowers. Near Batman's early creation, Ed Herron created this planet to give Batman abilities like Superman. Batman had all Superman's abilities and even a special weakness. In this comic, the Batman native to the planet was just a regular Batman like Bruce Wayne of Earth-1, with the name Kent Wayne (a combination of Bruce and Clark). He was raised by a rich family of farmers and when they eventually died, he became Batman. When Bruce Wayne came to his planet, Zur-En-Arrh Batman envied him because of how he was doing a greater job at Batman than he was. Eventually, Batman was weakened by a material on that planet, and Zur-En-Arrh had to remove his powers. After Crisis on Infinite Earths, this planet has been said to be erased from continuity.
Earth-5
On Earth-5, Bruce Wayne is only 8 years of age. Thomas and Martha Wayne are a rich family in Gotham City. Thomas is the legendary Batman with Martha as Batwoman. Bruce loves Batman and Batwoman and how they saved people. When he found out that his parents were his heroes, Thomas had no choice but to train him. With months of training, Bruce Wayne became Robin - The Boy Wonder.
Arkham City Earth
On this Earth, this has similar relation to DC main continuity Earth-0 (New Earth), however it differs from much of Batman's story. Still having his parents brutally murdered by a criminal, Bruce decides to devote his life to fighting crime in Gotham City. Years later, Batman finds himself in Arkham Asylum with Joker (and other Batman rogues) running the show, Batman locks himself in the asylum to stop Joker. Joker was making a plan to create titan soldiers to make Joker king of Gotham City, with this Batman stopped him and Joker became very sick. In Arkham City, the mayor of Gotham has closed the Asylum and has placed Arkham in Gotham City. Batman is trying to prevent Gotham from destroying itself because of the Mayor's choice. This occurs in the Arkham City mini-series.
Other Media
Film
The Dark Knight Rises teaser poster
You can find a full list of Batman's movies here . In 1943 The Batman made his debut in a film serial simply entitled Batman which starred Lewis Wilson as the Dark Knight and Douglas Croft as Robin. The film was made during WWII, there is in fact a villainous Japanese scientist named Dr. Daka (J. Carroll Naish in yellow-face) as the villain. Although critically bashed, the film series did introduce the concept of the Batcave as well as a thin Alfred, prompting DC to remake the comics version into a the newer version known today. A second film serial series was launched following Batman and Robin's battle with the mad scientist The Wizard. Other characters in these films include Vicki Vale, Alfred and Commissioner Gordon. With a higher budget and more solid acting, it is considered superior to the previous serial, but it still had errors with equipment and continuity, like the previous serial. In 2005 Director Christopher Nolan brought Batman back to the big screen with "Batman Begins". This was followed by 2008's "The Dark Knight" which grossed over one billion dollars worldwide making Batman a legitimate box office presence. Nolan is currently shooting his third and final movie of the current Batman installment entitled "The Dark Knight Rises". It's set to be released July 20, 2012.
Television
The next Batman incarnation which proved to be notable was the weekly television series starring Adam West in the title role and Burt Ward as Robin. The series was intended to be a lampoon comedy show because of producer William Dozier's initial loathing for comic books; this gave Dozier, who also narrated the series, the idea to "overdo" the series. The stories followed a format that was villain-driven and action-comedy heavy, and tended to need two parts to complete. The first part usually involved a villain committing a crime with Batman and Robin attempting to stop the criminal, only to be caught and put in a death trap.
Animation through the 60's, 70's, and 80's
Through the years Batman has spent more years animated on television than in a live action sense. Starting in 1968, Batman and Robin made their animated debut in an hour-long series called The Batman/Superman Hour. This program, a Filmation Associates production, featured Olan Soule as Batman and Casey Kasem as Robin. The Bat-Duo were featured in numerous animated shorts which had Batman and Robin battle various Batman villains as well as teaming up with Batgirl. These shorts eventually were repackaged as a solo TV series titled Batman With Robin the Boy Wonder, which ignored other segments in favor of solo Batman and Robin adventures. Soule and Kasem would reprise their roles in the Scooby-Doo Movies featuring Scooby and the Gang meeting Batman and Robin while battling Joker and Penguin.
In 1977 running concurrently with Challenge Of The Super Friends was The New Adventures Of Batman, featuring Batman, Robin, Batgirl, and the creature called Bat-Mite, fighting the Gotham rogues, both classic and newly created villains. (This constituted the previously mentioned Batman segments of Tarzan And The Super 7.) Because of Adam West's and Burt Ward's involvements in the show, it could be considered a continuation of the 1960s Batman series. Due to copyright issues, however, Challenge Of The Super Friends had the use of the Riddler and the Scarecrow, making them off limits to The New Adventures Of Batman, while this series had use of the Joker, preventing his use in Challenge as a Legion of Doom member.
DC Animated Universe
Animated Batman
Starting in 1992 began the critically acclaimed DC Animated Universe series of animated TV shows, consisting of Batman: The Animated Series, Superman: The Animated Series, The New Batman/Superman Adventures, Batman Beyond, Justice League,Justice League Unlimited, Static Shock, and The Zeta Project, all of which shared continuity and actor Kevin Conroy as Batman. Throughout all these shows, a history of Bruce Wayne was recounted, from his childhood to glory days and dark times as well as him as an older man in retirement.
Many of the scripts featured Bruce Timm, Alan Burnett, Paul Dini, Dwayne McDuffie, Stan Berkowitz and Hilary Bader on creative duties, many on more than one at a time, creating a Batman that was very consistent in between all shows. All of the series have been met with acclaim due to the treatment of subject matter that told stories in a way that was child friendly but still attracted older audiences.
This is true especially for the treatment of Batman staying true to many versions of him and having stories lifted or inspired by the Batman mythos. The series also introduced Harley Quinn and Renee Montoya to the Batman mythos. Soon after Batman the Animated Series ended, Batman appeared (once again) in a guest spot for Superman: The Animated Series before starring in his own show titled The New Batman Adventures. In these adventures, Batman along with many other characters featured a new costume design many of which were recast including Batgirl who was elevated into Batman's partner. Dick Grayson left Gotham and soon used his Nightwing identity that was displayed in the comics. A new Robin came in the form of Tim Drake (who had Jason Todd's origin story). These new revamped episodes not only showed Batman fighting the same villains but new ones as well some created for the show itself.
Before the scenes in Return of the Joker, Batman was shown having many adventures with the Justice League involved in the creation of that team offering his own money and service but preferring to stay a reserve member. That did not stop him from developing friendships with Superman, Flash, Hawkgirl, as well as Wonder Woman whom it is implied he shared a romantic attraction with. Over the series Batman would often be the one of the critical members and often serve as a way to solve a problem showing his importance. Though it is that last produced series in the DCAU, it chronologically takes place before Batman Beyond.
Batman Beyond
An old Bruce with Terry McGinnis
Batman Beyond is a continuation of Batman's legacy, the series is set in 2039, and follows a teenage Terry McGinnis as the new Batman. Many other characters that were seen in previous DC Cartoons were also seen. Bruce Wayne was seen as an elderly man, Barbara Gordon was seen to be Gotham's new commissioner of Gotham Police, taking after her dad, Superman was appeared in a few episodes, he has also become old but still active as Superman. Terry also time traveled to meet The Justice League, and also met Static. Tim Drake appeared in Batman Beyond: Return Of The Joker. The series was so popular that Batman Beyond has its new ongoing series beginning in 2011.
The Batman
The Batman
In 2004, another animated series was developed called "The Batman." This series ran from 2004-2008, and starred Rino Romano as the voice of the Dark Knight. This series follows the early days of Batman in the first two seasons (Batman was in his third year of Batman in his first episode), but was seen with Robin and Batgirl in the later two seasons, and even Superman; he also fought many villains, both of his regular rogues gallery and others'. The series was not connected to Batman: The Animated Series or the DCAU. The character designs were by Jeff Matsuda, who drew the character designs for Jackie Chan Adventures and an aborted Spider-Man series. The series was not as dark or gritty as Batman: The Animated Series, and it did not receive as much praise; the series, however, was successful.
Batman: The Brave and the Bold
The Brave and the Bold
Batman: The Brave and the Bold was aimed at young children, and was not as dark as the previous Batman shows. Batman in this incarnation was voiced by Diedrich Bader; other versions of him were featured as well, including a manga-style Batman (voiced by Corey Burton) and a homage to the Batman featured in the show "The New Scooby-Doo Movies" (where he was voiced by Frank Welker). The show was also partially based off he Silver Age of Comic Books, and like the original "Brave and the Bold" comics, he teamed up a lot with other heroes, but did not include Wonder Woman or Superman (this mostly focused on minor A-list or B-C list characters).
Among the characters he teamed with include Green Arrow, Captain Marvel, Aquaman, Plastic Man, Red Tornado, and the Jaime Reyes Blue Beetle. The series ran from 2008-2011, ending with the fourth wall-breaking episode "Mitefall". The series also had Dick Grayson as Batman and Damian Wayne as Robin for one episode. This is the only Batman cartoon that featured Dick Grayson as Batman and Damian Wayne as Robin.
Young Justice
Batman plays a big role in Young Justice, as he is one of the main members in the Justice League, and regularly makes appears as the show's answer to Mission: Impossible's Jim Phelps. He is voiced by Bruce Greenwood (who previously voiced him in the animated film Batman: Under the Red Hood). Although he is not the main character, he is vital to the show. His character model is based off the design from the animated movie Justice League: Crisis On Two Earths . This version of Batman is based on Earth-16. Batman and five other members of the Justice League were manipulated for sixteen hours by Vandal Savage, in this time the six league members may have commited crimes in a different part of the universe.
Batman: Gotham Knight (2008)
This anthology film explores Bruce Wayne's transition from his beginning as a tormented vigilante to The Dark Knight in a crumbling metropolis rife with criminality. Gotham Knight has six distinct chapters, but its intended to be viewed as a whole. Kevin Conroy reprises his role.
Justice League: The New Frontier (2008)
Justice League: The New Frontier was based off the 2003 Elseworlds miniseries of the same name by Darwyn Cooke. Batman's character design strongly resembled Bob Kane's original Batman design. He was voiced by Jeremy Sisto in this film. The plot follows a new generation of superheroes that must join forces with the community's active veterans and a hostile US government to fight a menace on Earth.
Superman/Batman: Public Enemies (2009)
Superman/Batman: Public Enemies is based off the first six issues of the 2003 Superman/Batman series. The story follows Superman and Batman stopping an asteroid from striking Earth, and stopping Lex Luthor, who has now become the President and has put a bounty on both their heads. Kevin Conroy again voiced him.
Justice League: Crisis On Two Earths (2010)
The story follows a good version of Lex Luthor from a parallel Earth who comes to the Justice League's dimension to help fight their evil counterparts. This movie is loosely based on Grant Morrison's 1999 graphic novel JLA: Earth-2. Batman is voiced by William Baldwin.
Batman: Under The Red Hood (2010)
This movie is based off the Judd Winick story arc Batman: Under The Red Hood, though it's slightly different. The story follows the Jason Todd Robin's death, and years later a new foe who uses the Joker's old alias wreaks havoc among Gotham City's organized crime, Batman finds him disturbingly familiar. Batman was voiced by Bruce Greenwood.
Superman/Batman: Apocalypse (2010)
Superman/Batman: Apocalypse was based off the "Supergirl From Krypton" story arc in Superman/Batman. The story follows Batman discovers a mysterious teenaged girl with superhuman powers and a connection to Superman. The girl comes to the attention of Darkseid, the evil overlord of Apokolips. Kevin Conroy once again voiced him.
Batman: Year One (2011)
Bruce Wayne in Batman: Year One
Batman: Year One is an animated movie based off the graphic novel Batman: Year One. The story will follow Batman's early days. It will have the work of Frank Miller on the movie as the writer and Bruce Timm will be working with Frank to deliver Batman's story. Batman is voiced by Ben McKenzie.
Justice League: Doom (2012)
When Batman's contingency plan to use only if the Justice League go rogue, is taken by villainous hands. Things get out of hand immediately. As it is up for Batman to save his fellow partners and friends from a threat he didn't possibly foresee in the beginning. Based on the story JLA: Tower of Babel and Justice .
Video Games
Two most recent and popular video games that feature Batman:
Batman in Arkham City
1) Batman Arkham Asylum based on Grant Morrison's Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth .
2) Batman Arkham City based on Arkham City comic series and the complementing Arkham City Digital chapters and the newest Arkham: Unhinged that lead into the game and continue its story.
Batman has starred in numerous video games over the years. The most recent and popular has been Batman: Arkham Asylum, created by Rocksteady. Utilizing Batman veterans such as writer Paul Dini and voice actors Kevin Conroy as Batman and Mark Hamill, as The Joker, Arkham Asylum received overwhelmingly positive reviews.
Arkham City has Batman fighting in a walled off area of Gotham City and battling many of his super powered foes; while seeking answers for the true mastermind behind Arkham City. Hugo Strange. A man who knows the identity of Batman, and is ready to make Batman play his little game of the minds!
To find out more on Batman video games, check out Batman's Game profile page on Comic Vine's sister site, GiantBomb.com
