Edit
In LEGO Batman: The Videogame , Batman's basic suit is identical to his comic book suit. He is armed with a yellow and black batarang , and able to use grapple. Batman is able to change abilities depending on the suit he is wearing. Each suit has a different look which sets its appearance apart from the others.
The heat protection suit is very similar to the Comic Suit, but Batman's torso and legs are now Red . His Gloves, Cowl, and Cape are all Dark Red , and he has a pair of goggles fixed in place over his eyes.
The glide suit is almost identical to the Comic Suit, but Batman's cape is replaced with a pair of mechanical wings which spread out whenever he double jumps.
Batman in a preliminary Demolition Suit and Robin in his Water Suit
The Demolition Suit is different from all of Batman's video game suits, rather than resembling a variation of the Comic Suit, it resembles the 1989 Film Suit, but Batman's cape is replaced with a detonator.
The preliminary version of the Demolition Suit closer resembled the Comic Suit, but with red gloves. The detonator from the final version was also used instead of a cape.
The Sonic Suit also resembles the Comic Suit, but Batman's Torso and Legs are Light Blue . His Cape, Cowl, and Gloves are all Bright Blue . He also carries a small "sonic gun" that shatters glass.
In LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes
Edit
In LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes , Batman's standard suit based on his appearances in 6863 and 6864 and is still able to use a batarang.
Batman's super suits return, but have different abilities. They include the power suit, the sensor suit, the bat suit and the electricity suit.
The electricity suit is capable of going through electric barriers when other characters, such as Superman , can't go through. It also allows Batman to absorb an electric charge and deploy it to machinery. It is black with a black bat-logo, outlined in blue, similar to the comic suit. It has a blue/silver belt, again similar to the comic suit's, but without the flaps. There are two silver circles on either side of his chest about halfway up which are connected by a silver line that runs across. A similar pattern runs down his legs. He has silver boot "toes" on the bottom of his feet. Rather than a cape, he has two black cylinders on the back which are capped with blue pieces.
The power suit is known to be able to launch rockets, has an endless supply of bombs, and gives Batman super strength. It has a bulkier cowl with shorter ears, black shoulder-pads, a torso similar to the black Super Heroes suit, but with three horizontal yellow lines in place of the belt, and has yellow boxing gloves. Batman's cape has been replaced with silver canisters on the back.
Batman's sensor suit allows him to turn invisible which can not be seen by enemies and bypass The Riddler 's cameras, X-ray vision, and remotely activate switches. It gives Batman green goggles with red lenses,a green bat logo, green hands and green knees and belt.
His bat suit resembles his standard black suit, but has wings in place of a cape and allows Batman to glide, that are purple and black, he also has a purple bat symbol, purple hands and a sonic gun that is black and has a blue disk at the end. The bat suit only makes an appearance on console versions.
On the portable versions, Batman (Classic Suit), meaning the suit he wore in the first videogame, is also an unlockable character. The minikit needed to unlock this can be found in the level The Batcave.
Background
Edit
When a young Bruce Wayne witnessed his socialite parents shot dead by the mugger, Joe Chill, he vowed to bring justice to the criminals infesting Gotham City. He then trained himself in detective skills, sciences, engineering, escape artistry, martial arts, and criminal psychology. But Bruce realised that those skills would not be enough to stop the superstitious and cowardly lot plaguing the streets. While he was in his study reflecting on his parents' deaths, a bat flew into the window, both startling and inspiring him at the same time. He would become the bat to strike fear in those who preyed upon the innocent. And so, Bruce then took his mantle as a crime fighter and became known as Batman.
Batman's arch-enemy, The Joker
At first, Batman fought "plain-clothes" villains without any super powers powers or gimmicks until about six months into his career when he encountered Mr. Freeze , a scientist specialising in cryogenics-turned villain trying to rescue his dying wife. Batman's rogues gallery expanded to include other villains, many of which are insane, such as Bruce Wayne's former best friend, the hideously scarred Two-Face , The Riddler who challenges Batman's intellect rather than his strength, Gotham's gentleman of crime with an obsession for birds and umbrellas, The Penguin , and his arch-enemy, The Joker , among others.
While Batman's rogues gallery grew, his allies did too to include his butler, Alfred who tends to Bruce Wayne's needs behind the scenes and serves as his confident, Tim Drake , better known as Robin III, Dick Grayson as Nightwing , or formerly the first Robin, Police Commissioner James Gordon , and his daughter, Barbara Gordon who became Batgirl , Jean-Paul Valley as Azrael , a college student who had been brainwashed by a religious organisation, and The Spoiler , or Stephanie, Brown who is the daughter of a minor villain, as well as occasional allies such as Huntress (Helena Bertinelli) and Catwoman ( Selina Kyle , who are both allied with and against Batman and his other allies at times. Batman also leads the Outsiders, a rag tag group of Super Heroes operating in Gotham City, which includes heroes who are not directly allied with Batman otherwise, such as Katana .
Batman is also a founding member of the Justice League, an organisation of Super Heroes untied to handle threats too big for one hero. Other Justice League members include Superman , Wonder Woman , Green Lantern , Cyborg , Aquaman , Flash , The Martian Manhunter , and occasionally, Batgirl, Nightwing, Huntress, Zatanna , Hawkman , and Shazam .
Batman's love interests include Talia Al Ghul (the daughter of Ra's Al Ghul and the mother of Batman's son, Damian Wayne ), Selina Kyle (Catwoman), and Zatanna. He has also shown attraction to Wonder Woman, Lois Lane , Vicki Vale , Black Canary , and in some depictions, Barbara Gordon and Poison Ivy .
In the Video Games
Batman is a playable character on every hero level in LEGO Batman: The Videogame . He is also confirmed to appear in LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes .
In LEGO Batman
Edit
Prologue
When Commissioner Gordon lit up the Bat-Signal, Batman and Robin were seen in the Batmobile and on the Batcycle (respectively). They made a sharp turn, supposedly in the direction of the bank Clayface and The Riddler are robbing.
The Riddler's Revenge
Once some of Batman's most fearsome enemies escaped Arkham Asylum and teamed up, Batman and Robin headed towards a bank which had been robbed by The Riddler and Clayface . The Dynamic Duo made their way through the streets defeating the Riddler Goons and Henchmen who tried to stop them. At the bank, a fight ensued against Clayface, who was eventually knocked back into a cage in the vault when the security system pumped poisonous fumes into the air. Two-Face arrived in his Armoured Truck to rescue The Riddler and a giant key he'd stolen. Batman was unable to stop his escape, but did manage to plant a tracking device on the truck.
Batman changing his suit above the Monarch Theatre
Using the tracking device, Batman and Robin followed the truck to Mr. Freeze 's old Ice Cream Factory. The duo was immediately attacked by more Riddler Goons and Henchmen, but once they entered the factory, they encountered a new enemy, the Freeze Girls . By reaching the end of the factory, the duo encountered Mr. Freeze and managed to defeat him. The Riddler escaped once again in Two-Face's armoured truck, this time with a Freeze Ray.
Batman gave chase to Two-Face's armoured car in the Batmobile , successfully destroying it. Two-Face and Riddler went in different directions to try and escape. Riddler was cornered against Police Headquarters. Riddler tried to fend of by making desperate attempts at the duo with his "?" cane, but he was rescued by Poison Ivy .
In the Batcave, Batman used the Batcomputer to analyse a leaf from the vine Ivy used to save the Riddler. He discovered it was from the Botanical Gardens. Batman and Robin reached the gardens to discover the Janitors and Scientists under siege from not only The Riddler's goons and henchmen, but from humanoid plant creatures , presumably created by Poison Ivy. In a closed off area behind the garden's laboratory, Batman and Robin discovered and defeated Poison Ivy, but The Riddler escaped yet again (this time with mutant vine seeds) when he pointed out to Batman that Ivy caused Robin to fall in love with her. Batman forced Robin back to the Batcave, while Ivy was arrested.
Back in the Batcave, with help from Alfred , Batman and Robin solved the clues The Riddler had left at each of his escapes and discovered his plot was to stage a siege on the Gotham Gold Reserves. And sure enough, inside the Gold Reserves, they found Riddler and Two-Face. Two-Face created a diversion by shooting a nearby barrel of toxic waste onto the floor while The Riddler continued on. Using the Attract Suit, Robin created a swamp boat in which he and Batman used to reach Two-Face. A fight ensured in which Two-Face was nearly defeated, but he got away at the last moment, calling more henchmen and goons to cover him in his flight.
Batman and Robin followed Two-Face through the vault. Riddler ordered Two-Face to attack. This time, Two-Face was almost defeated, but ran to the side of The Riddler at the last moment. The Riddler then used the vault's defence laser to try and defeat the Dynamic Duo. Batman and Robin used the chromed gold in the vault to deflect the laser beams back at The Riddler until his laser was destroyed. The Riddler then changed his tactics to using the mind control technology in his "?" cane to take control of a whimpering Two-Face, and attack the Duo himself. Eventually, both Riddler and Two-Face were knocked back into a pile of gold bars, subduing them both.
Power-Crazed Penguin
When the Gotham Diamond was stolen from a museum, Batman and Robin found Catwoman fleeing from the scene and gave chase to her on the rooftops of Gotham. They caught up with her, once and a short fight ensued, after which Catwoman escaped. The duo continued to follow her above the city until she was finally cornered. She drew Batman in for a kiss, during which she threw the diamond to the streets bellow. Catwoman was then arrested and placed in a police van.
Batman and Catwoman
While in the Batboat , Batman was ambushed by Penguin Goons in submarines. Batman worked his way through the harbour, to find The Penguin 's submarine. The submarine was destroyed, Penguin and Killer Croc , (who had helped Penguin escape the museum earlier) headed for the sewers. Batman and Robin caught up with the criminals, but Killer Croc threw the door which gave access to the sewer in Robin's direction to cause a diversion.
Batman and Robin followed the criminals into the sewer where they were attacked by Penguin's Henchmen and Goons. The Duo eventually reached the Police Headquarters, by way of the sewage system, to find Catwoman had been freed and that she had fled the scene with Penguin. Killer Croc was waiting for Batman, and began throwing nearby debris in his direction. When Croc would change his tactics and charge at Batman or Robin, the duo used this time to strike and defeat him. When Croc fell, he dropped a flyer for the Gotham City Zoo.
When Batman and Robin reached the zoo, they discovered the Man-Bat in the hull of a boat Penguin had been using as a lookout. Man-Bat was wrapped in his own wings and defeated.
Batman and Robin continued on to the "Arctic World" portion of the zoo to discover Police Officers had been defeated by a large group of Robotic Penguins . Batman and Robin made their way past the Penguin Minions and the returned Freeze Girls to a cave in the exhibit. In the cave, Batman discovered a satellite dish (which had been stolen by Bane previously) powered by the Gotham Diamond which controlled the Penguin Minions which were assaulting the city. Batman redirected Penguin's bombers into treadmills which gave power to the satellite. Penguin, Catwoman and the Freeze Girls attacked the duo, only to be defeated and returned to Arkham Asylum .
Batman in an action shot
Joker's Return
While shopping for a new cape on the Batcomputer, Batman received a transmission of The Joker laughing at his camera. Alfred helped to prepare the Batwing and Bat-copter for the journey to the factory which transformed the Red Hood into the Joker to investigate. In the factory, Batman and Robin were attacked by Joker Goons and Henchmen . In the back of the factory, Batman discovered The Mad Hatter extracting the factory's chemicals. He made attempts to subdue Batman and Robin with his mind-control technology, but failed as he could only control one person as a time.
During this adventure, Joker and Harley Quinn captured Commissioner Gordon and threatened to kill him if Batman did not act. Batman reached the carnival where Gordon was being held, and a fight ensued with Harley Quinn, while The Joker escaped on his helicopter. Gordon was freed and Harley was contained in a Police Van for the time being. Batman meant to give chase to Joker in his helicopter, but ended up pursuing Scarecrow in his bi-plane. Scarecrow's bi-plane was shot down and crashed into Joker's helicopter in its fall. Both aircrafts were destroyed, and Batman left both villains for dead, not to notice that they survived by clinging onto weather balloons and fell through to the Gotham Art Gallery, where Scarecrow was captured by the Police .
Batman and Robin shimmying
Joker, however, escaped the gallery and met with Killer Moth , who was to help him reach his destination. While on their way, they encountered Gordon, freed Harley Quinn, and were causing havoc on the nearby Police Forces. Batman received a transmission of the trouble on the Batcomputer. He and Robin reached the scene of the crime to find Killer Moth still there. They gave chase to him through the city streets. They eventually cornered and threatened him to tell Batman where Harley and The Joker were, or be sprayed with bug poison. Killer Moth pointed through a hole in the wall he was pinned up against, and Joker's truck was seen pulling up the Gotham City Cathedral.
Batman fighting a Penguin Henchman
Batman, Robin, and the remaining Police Forces rushed to the Cathedral. To gain entry, Robin opened up a window of which Harley Quinn jumped out. Batman used the water turrets mounted on the back of police vans to defeat her. Batman and Robin chased Harley to the top of the Cathedral where she and The Joker hid in giant bells. Once they were discovered by Batman, The Joker summoned his helicopter for protection, but once the helicopter was destroyed, it collapsed the platform which The Joker and Harley were on, knocking Harley unconscious. The Joker then attacked the Dynamic Duo, successfully defeating them with his Joy-Buzzer, knocking them unconscious. Harley was revived by the time Batman was. Batman threw a Batarang at the giant bells which disturbed the bats in the tower who attacked Harley and The Joker who were then arrested by Commissioner Gordon and sent back to Arkham Asylum .
Epilogue
Batman and Robin scaled the side of Arkham Asylum with their Grapple-Guns . The Joker looked up out of the window in his cell and began to swing his fist in anger. At the top of the asylum, the Bat-Signal shined. Batman and Robin aimed their guns in the direction of the signal and the game ends with a close up of the bat logo on Batman's chest.
In LEGO Batman 2
In LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes Batman is a main character.
Bruce Wayne and Lex Luthor were the nominees for The-Man-of-the-Year award, and at the ceremony, Bruce wins. However, the theatre was raided by The Joker , Harley Quinn , The Penguin , The Riddler , and Two-Face . Bruce exits to change into Batman while the villains rampage and Joker steals the award. Just as he is giving his "acceptance speech" Batman and Robin burst through the stage on the Bat-boat. Joker, Penguin, Riddler, and Two-Face escaped through the stage's trapdoor, while Harley fought the Dynamic Duo. She was defeated, and Batman and Robin began to search for and defeat the other villains.
Joker was able to escape the theatre, however, and made it to his boat. He was chased by Batman and Robin in the latter's helicopter with Batman hanging from a rope ladder. Joker threw chattering teeth to cut the ropes, but Batman summoned and landed in the Batwing. Batman and Robin chased him through to the Amusement Mile, where Batman disrupted the water with the Batwing's wing and caused Joker's boat to go ashore. After several failed attempts to destroy the Batwing, Joker was caught in a bat shaped net and sent to Arkham Asylum.
In the Batcave, Bruce Wayne is contacted by Martian Manhunter from the Justice League Watchtower and informs him of an emergency. Alfred shows Bruce and Tim Drake where it is on a map, and they change into Batman and Robin and leave for Arkham Asylum where they find the villains Joker freed attempting a prison break. They then attempt to stop them, starting with Catwoman . The villains are stopped, and the police arrive. Commissioner Gordon informs the Dynamic Duo that all of the villains have been accounted for, except Joker. Batman notices an electrified brick outside of Joker's cell. He and Robin go to investigate. They run-in to Killer Croc and Mr. Freeze , who create obstacles, and stop The Scarecrow from escaping. They bring a black piece back to the Batmobile and discover it was destroyed with LexCorp technology and conclude that Luthor broke Joker out. Batman, Robin, and Gordon are alerted by a Police Officer that there has been a break-in at Ace Chemicals, and they leave. When Gordon and the Officer look back, they realize that the villains have escaped.
At Ace Chemicals, Batman and Robin find that The Joker had already been there and stolen chemicals. They try to escape when a fire begins and just before they fall into the inferno, they are rescued by Superman . With help from Superman, they are able to escape. Batman tries to find out what Joker is making, and realizes it is Kryptonite. He uses the Batcomputer to find nearby locations of Kryptonite, and heads downtown. They follow a large vehicle, the Juggernaut. On the inside, Lex and Joker are creating Kryptonite. Batman and Robin begin firing at it. When the defenses are weakened enough, the Dynamic Duo infiltrate it. Batman takes the Kryptonite, and Lex is subdued. Joker however uses his joybuzzer on Batman and Robin to the point where they fall out of the Juggernaut, into their vehicles. Joker aims the Deconstructor at the Batmobile, which falls apart, and the Juggernaut gets away.
Back in the Batcave, Batman analyzes the Kryptonite and finds that it is only similar to true Kryptonite and that is harmless to Kryptonians. However, if there wasn't actual Kryptonite in the Juggernaut, the Batmobile's computer shouldn't have shown it. He and Robin decide that it was just a trick of Joker's, and put it away with the other Kryptonite they store in-case Superman goes bad.
Lex and Joker enter the Batcave, since the "Kryptonite" had a homing signal. A fight ensues, and the Bat-bike, Batwing, and Batboat are destroyed. Batman and Robin flee through the elevator, and hang on to the shaft to escape when it falls. Joker and Lex find the Kryptonite vault and leave with it after Joker's pies explode and a fire begins. At the top of the elevator shaft, Superman arrives to rescue Batman and Robin. Together they escape the Batcave. Batman and Superman head after a LexCorp aircraft while Robin stays and tries to fix the vehicles.
Batman and Superman infiltrate the LexCorp aircraft, but when the reach the control section, Batman is dropped through a trapdoor. Superman rescues him and carries him to LexCorp in Metropolis.
From LexCorp, a large Joker-esque robot emerges and heads back to Gotham. Batman in a LexCorp aircraft and Superman fire at it, and then land on it. Lex emerges with Kryptonite and weakens Superman who falls. Batman saves him by gliding back to Gotham. Though most of his powers return, he is unable to fly and hunches over.
The robot hits at them, and they fall through the ground. It continues to make holes in the ground above the metro, but Superman uses his heat vision to destroy the left hand completely.
At the City Hall, Lex begins to give a speech and infects the crowd with a mind-altering gas so that they will vote for him. Superman destroys the gas emitting flower from the robot.
Robin arrives in a multi-coloured Batmobile. The robot chases Batman and Robin through Gotham City, but they drive in such a way that the Kryptonite it leaves looks similar to Joker's face.
Martian Manhunter sees it from space, and calls the Justice League to Gotham. Wonder Woman , Green Lantern , Cyborg , and The Flash respond.
The robot attacks Wayne Tower, since Lex despises Bruce, and destroys the foundation. Superman and Wonder Woman keep it in place while Batman, Robin, Green Lantern, and Cyborg enter through the bottom of the building together. They knock the Robot off of the top and Green Lantern creates constructs to keep the tower from falling.
Superman is too weak to continue, but Batman, Robin, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Cyborg, and The Flash finish it off. Joker is defeated, and Lex emerges in power armour. Batman contacts Martian Manhunter who readies the Watchtower laser. Robin helps aim it, and Lex is defeated.
His dog, Ace the Bathound is mentioned during Vicki Vale's news reports. He, Krypto the Superdog, and Stretch-O-Mutt are nominees for the "Dog of the Year" award.
Edit
This is a description taken from LEGO.com. Do not modify it.
Batman Standing between he innocent civilians Gotham City and the infamous villains of the Rogues Gallery is the Dark Knight himself: Batman! After witnessing his parents death in Crime alley. He promised that he would rid Gotham's streets of crime he worked hard training both his body and mind and has returned to Gotham City as the Batman determined to protect the innocent known as the world's greatest detective if Batman is on the case the bad guys better watch out!
City: Gotham City
Powers: Highly trained martial artist, Master detective and scientist
Base: The BatCave
Arch-Enemy: The Joker
Cool Fact: Batman's utility belt not only has every weapon, antidote and look( )able, it is also rigged to explode if anyone other than the Caped Crusader tries to open it!
LEGO.com Descriptions
