Home » Batman Movies » List Of All Batman Movies
List Of All Batman Movies
Posted  by admin on Mar 12, 2012 | 0 comments
Batman Movies: From The Beginning to End.
Tim Burton takes on the big task of putting a comic book action hero onto the big screen in 1989 and cast Micheal Keaton to take the cowl of the dark knight himself. There were huge fan upsets as to the choice of Batman given to Micheal Keaton given Keaton’s previous roles as happy go lucky whereas Batman is a dark and broody person. As to fans surprise, Keaton performed extremely well as the role of Bruce Wayne, billion dollar playboy, and the protector of Gotham, Batman. This was a great first live action film to the DC comic book superhero.
For more information on batman movies, please click here.
Batman 1989 costume.
Batman Movies: Batman Returns with Keaton.
Micheal Keaton reprises his role as Batman in the 1991 sequel Batman Returns. Tim Burton takes control of the helm as director and does a fantastic job. The movie took a huge turn towards the dark side for its darker tone which caused controversy. Micheal Keaton dawns a newly redesigned bat suit giving it a more armored look as opposed to its 1989 counterpart.
Batman takes on 2 villains as opposed to 1 which was quite exciting for viewers around the world. The Penguin, played by Danny Devito, takes the movie in a very dark turn and Catwoman, played by Michelle Pfeiffer, gave the show great sex appeal. Their costume choices were great for its time but we are in the 21st century now so we will be expecting lots of new and exciting things for any new actors whom are planning on taking up the role of The Penguin and Catwoman. Moving forward, this was a decent sequel as one of the Batman movies.
The bat suit in the first Batman film highlights the abdominal region as muscular with the gauntlets and the utility belt as decor. The new Batsuit changed the abdominal region to resemble battle armor. Great job on the designers to reinvent and keep up with the comic book fans vision of their favorite hero.
Batman Movies: Batman Forever
Val kilmer takes the Cowl of Batman in  the 1995 film Batman Forever. Tim Burton steps down as Directer and gave the helm to Joel Schumacher. Tim Burton takes on the role of producer for this film and ends his part in the Batman Movies franchise in Batman Forever.
Many new characters are introduced in Batman Forever such as Chris O’Donnel playing Robin, Jim Carrey playing The Riddler, Tommy Lee Jones playing Two Face and Nicole Kidman playin Dr. Chase Meridian. The film was highly anticipated but failed at box office due to many changes that displeased the fans. The movie took on a more colorful image giving Gotham city a new and strange futuristic feel. Jim Carrey and Tommy Lee Jones did what they could but failed at portraying The Riddler and Two Face. Chris O’Donnell fit the image of R0bin and would move on to the next Batman movie.
The costume got reinvented again giving Batman 2 new bat suits. The original bat suit carrying the decorative yellow cylinder emblem with the black bat in the middle got replaced with a huge black bat emblem that stretches across the chest.  New curves and crevices were put together that gave Batman a new look for the hungry fans which did the job well but unfortunately the unbelievable performances by Carrey And Jones and the drastic changes to the Batman world did not save the movie at box office.
Batman Movies: Batman And Robin.
Tim Burton was a smart man to leave the Batman movies but Joel Schumacher retook the role of director of a failing franchise. Batman and Robin released in the summer of 1997 with a new Batman played by George Clooney and Robin played by the same actor in the previous Batman film, Chris O’Donnell. One of the biggest pet peeves of all for the majority of movie fans is when they take the same movie and gave the role of the main character to a new actor. What happened to Bruce Wayne? did he get 10 years older while Dick Grayson (Chris O’Donell) stayed young? The Batman And Robin film introduces us to two new Villains Mr. Freeze played by Arnold Schwarzeneggar and Poison Ivy played by Uma Therman.
The movie stayed true to its prequel, Batman Forever, and kept Gotham as a colorful futuristic city with strange architecture that gave fans something very hard to swallow. Mr. Freeze hit us hard with his arsenal of ice and freeze metaphors that got old in the first 15 minutes of the film. Uma Therman plays Poison Ivy, a woman that is equipped with a toxic pheromone that causes men to be irresistible to her sexy appeal. Fans everywhere were asking the question: why can’t they choose a hotter actress? Why can’t Poison Ivy show more skin?
Batman Movies: Batman Rebooted.
12 years has passed and the terrible effects of Joel schumacher’s Batman Forever and Batman And Robin has finally worn off. Christopher Nolan takes on the role of director for the 2005 Batman Begins which rebooted the whole story to the very beginning. The story is retold with Christian Bale mounting the Bat Cowl and Micheal Caine playing the mentor to Batman and the Wayne Manor butler Alfred Pennyworth. Gotham city looks like how it should be as opposed to the colorful futuristic feel of Batman Forever and Batman And Robin. The scarecrow is a major villain in the Batman movies mythos but never had his 15 minutes of fame until Christopher Nolan cast Cillian Murphy for the role. Raz Al Ghul (Liam Neeson) is shown to be the one responsible for Bruce Wayne’s training while he was away, believed dead by Gotham. The history of Al Ghul changed from the original Batman Mythos but it worked out very well as part of great story telling.
The new bat suit looks spectacular. elements from the previous bat suits were used but improvement was taking away the wet leather look and gave the bat suit a Mat Black color giving Batman a more rugged intimidating look. The ears are shortened giving practicality to all the acrobatic moves that Batman does throughout the night.
 
 Batman Movies: The Dark Knight.
Three years after Batman begins, the story continues with Batman The Dark Knight with Christopher Nolan directing and Christian Bale reprising the role of Batman/Bruce Wayne. The character of Racheal Dawes was changed from Katy Holmes To Maggie Gyllenhall. Every other actor kept true to their character such as Micheal Caine, and Morgan Freeman. Heath Ledger joins the Batman Franchise as The Joker and gave a very unique twist to the villain that fans loved. Aaron Eckhart takes on the role of Harvey Dent/Two Face putting Tommy Lee Jones version of Two Face to shame.
This Batman movie was excellent and takes you on for an amazing ride. Heath Ledger stole the show with his performance as The Joker keeping the viewers on the edge of their seats waiting for whats around the corner. Fans left very satisfied and wanting more.
 
Batman Movies: The Dark Knight Rises.
Very few is known about the plot to the New Batman movie, the 3rd and final installment to Christopher Nolan’s Batman trilogy. Tom Hardy has been cast to play the role of Bane and Ann Hathaway playing the role of Cat Woman. Christian Bale returns as the Caped Crusader to take on the task of being Gotham’s silent protector against two new foes.
For more information on Batman Movies, please click here.
If Bane follows its counterpart comic book mythos correctly then Bane will be a Mexican criminal that came in possession of a venom formula that grants him increase strength, stamina and an intense immunity to pain. As Bane wreaks havoc on Gotham city, it is Batman’s duty to stop Bane from taking over but at the same time a new villain lurks in the shadows of Gotham. Cat woman; treasure seeker that uses her stealth and handy gadgets to break into high security museums and wealthy homes to acquire gems, jewels and other cat related artifacts that are worth a kings ransom. Cat woman shares a complicated short relationship with Batman in the comics so we hope to see Christian Bale and Ann Hathaway flight up the theaters this coming summer for Batman The Dark Knight Rises.
