While Batman kept his identity a closely guarded secret, there were a number of individuals to whom he had either revealed his identity or they had discovered it. Among the most prominent ones are Dick Grayson , Barbara Gordon , Tim Drake , Terry McGinnis , Leslie Thompkins , Talia , Hugo Strange , Ra's al Ghul , Andrea Beaumont , Lois Lane , the core Justice Leaguers , and his arch-nemesis The Joker .
Love interests
Edit
Bruce Wayne has rarely had anything that could be described as a committed relationship, mainly because he is unwilling to ever get close to someone in case they are ever put at risk. Ironically, most of Bruce's more notable relationships would (at some point) become part of his Rogues Gallery.
Bruce's first true love is often viewed as Andrea Beaumont , who Bruce apparently loved so much that he was willing to give up his promise of avenging his parents and marry her. This was changed however, when Andrea broke off their engagement and left for Europe due to her father owing money to the mob (in her letter, she lied to Bruce by saying she was "too young" and "needed time"). Years later, she reappeared in Gotham shortly after the costumed murderer known as The Phantasm started killing off mob bosses. In reality it turned out to be Andrea behind the persona, killing off the same mob that killed her father and prevented their potential happiness. After an intense battle with The Joker, Andrea disappeared with the lunatic and left a locket with a picture of her and Bruce in the Batcave, leaving him heartbroken. Many years later, Andrea would later be recruited by Amanda Waller as part of Project Batman Beyond to kill young Terry McGinnis 's parents to mirror Bruce's trauma and create a new Batman, but refused to out of respect for Bruce and his unwillingness to resort to murder. This convinced Waller that if she wanted to honor all Bruce stood for, neither could she.
During his training to become Batman, Bruce studied under the magician, Zatara , in escape artistry under the alias John Smith. During this time, Zatara's daughter, Zatanna , developed a crush on "John" and attempted to stop him from leaving by handcuffing him to a ladder. Bruce, of course, quickly got out of them and left before she could try again. Years later, a performance in Gotham led to her encountering Batman. She soon realized that Batman and "John Smith" were one and the same. At some unknown point in time, Zatanna learned that he was Bruce Wayne (though it is unclear how). On occasion, they worked together during their time in the Justice League . Bruce even went to her for help when he needed magical assistance kept under wraps. The two remained good friends.
Bruce's most notable relationship was with Catwoman . After their first encounter, both expressed strong feelings for each other (in Bruce's case, out of costume as well), but were never able to start a true relationship due to being on opposite sides of the law. Later on , they were more scornful of each other as they knew a relationship wasn't possible (due to no trust) and only dealt with each other when crime was involved. Selina even attempted to seduce Nightwing once (in " You Scratch My Back "), but soon realized she was being tricked.
His other most prominent relationship was with Talia , daughter of Ra's al Ghul . Despite a dubious first meeting, Talia soon developed strong feelings for Bruce and often referred to him as her "Beloved". After testing him out, Ra's deemed Batman a worthy successor and offered him an alliance. Bruce, however, had seen Ra's' methods for bringing about a better world and refused. Bruce would come to develop feelings for Talia as well, but her loyalty to her father continually interfered with their chances of a true relationship. In Bruce's old age, Talia appeared on his birthday to offer him use of the Lazarus Pits (after reminding him of their time together). He later discovered it was actually her father who had transferred his mind into her body when his could no longer be sustained. After defeating Ra's with the new Batman, Bruce mourned Talia and referred to her as "a very special woman", but avoided answering when Terry asked if she was "the special woman". After looking at pictures from what appeared to be their time in an actual relationship, Bruce said goodbye: "Rest well, Beloved."
Bruce met and married Susan Maguire in a short span of time, citing his feeling happier with her than he had in a long time and was even going to give up being Batman to be with her. Susan was later revealed to be one of many human looking plants created by Poison Ivy to marry Gotham's rich patrons and inherit their fortunes. Bruce realized this and  stated that his initial feelings were likely the result of pheromones.
For a short time, during his stay in Metropolis, Bruce was in a relationship with Lois Lane . Lois even planned to move to Gotham (and transfer to the Daily Planet 's branch there) to be with him, but that changed when she discovered he was Batman (and there was a whole side to him she didn't know and wasn't sure if she wanted to know). [16] For some time after, Lois did have second thoughts about this decision and almost called him several times. [41]
During his time in the Justice League, Batman and Wonder Woman had a growing affection for each other that seemed to stem from his strong reaction when Diana was apparently killed by a missile in Gorilla City during their first encounter with Gorilla Grodd . Later, during the Thanagarian invasion , in order to hide themselves from pursuing Thanagarian soldiers (in civilian clothing), they posed as two "lovebirds" in a restaurant which resulted in them embracing in a deep kiss. He himself would later admit that he may have had feelings for her when Zatanna noted his concern for Diana (who had been turned into a pig by Circe ) and asked him about the two of them. Despite this, Bruce decided not to enter into a relationship with her due to the circumstances of the lives they led and to prevent Diana from becoming a target for his enemies.
It is implied that he was in a relationship with Barbara Gordon for some time (despite their age difference), but after The Joker's abduction of Tim Drake, he eventually broke off all ties with his colleagues and Barbara went her own way.
Powers and abilities
Edit
Batman, though considered a "superhero," had no metahuman abilities. He was, however, at the peak of human physical and mental conditioning, having extensively studied the sciences, technology, martial arts, detection and many other disciplines under masters of their respective fields. [42]
Batman was a master of stealth and infiltration (all the more remarkable given that he stands 6'2" and weighs 210 lbs), [43] and often revealed himself to his enemies when they least suspected him to. This also allowed him to just disappear from allies in mid-sentence, a habit that frequently annoyed the likes of Commissioner Gordon ("One of these days I'm gonna nail his feet to the ground") and Harvey Bullock ("I wonder how the Commish puts up with that"). [44]
Batman was capable of incredible feats of agility. During the Second Apokolyptian invasion , Darkseid commented that no one had ever been able to avoid his Omega Beams before. [45] His strength was also exceptional; He is capable of throwing Superman, and even Kalibak several meters away, as well as giving Darkseid an fairly good fight before being subdued.
With his martial arts prowess, occasionally augmented by technology, Batman was usually more than a match for any foe he encountered, human or otherwise.
As Bruce Wayne aged and retired from active crimefighting, he still maintained his wide variety of skills including martial arts. But, due to his weak heart and aging body he couldn't engage in prolonged periods of physical excursion without complications. He could, however, use his cane as a weapon.
Batman's mental powers were equally strong. He once manipulated nearly mindless Solomon Grundy into fighting with the  super-genius Ultra-Humanite . [46] On at least two occasions, he overcame the temptation to live in a fantasy world with his "ideal" life, in order to save the day. [3] [47] On another, he overpowered the mind control of Doctor Destiny , who had simultaneously overpowered the minds of nearly the entire Justice League , despite having not slept for three nights in a row. [48]
Perhaps Batman's greatest ability was his mind. He was one of the foremost detectives on Earth ( Ra's al Ghul always addressed him as "Detective"), possessing one of the sharpest analytical minds [49] and skill in multiple fields of science, as well as speaking several foreign languages. [50] [51] [52] As a member of the Justice League, he contributed much of the technology that kept it going, including the Watchtower and Javelins . In addition to his fighting abilities, his contributions to the team as a scientist, a detective and a strategist have proved invaluable time and again.
Equipment
As the head of Wayne Enterprises , Bruce Wayne had access to cutting-edge technology, and Batman made good use of it in his field equipment.
Batsuit
