rotten > Library > Culture > Batman
Batman
The    sexual orientation of America's premiere caped crusader has been a point of    flaming contention for well over fifty years. For some people, witnessing a    cameo by Liberace as piano-playing villain "Chandel" on the television    series is sufficient proof, but let's allow the record to speak for itself.
Batman's earliest uniform was little more than a skin tight, candy-colored    leotard which left little to the imagination. Instead of a frilly tutu, there    was a utility belt. This ensemble was further complimented by long, sweeping    cloakery and a bulging codpiece. Yes, the costuming was all very dandy, and    it further cemented an unspoken connection between fruity drama-queen acrobatics    and lead actor Adam West's propensity for high camp. Batman the comic, Batman the television program, Batman the animated cartoon and Batman the major motion picture series all cheerfully subscribe to characteristics    attributed to male homosexual culture across the globe.
Batman's eagerness to indulge in wrestling or full contact fisticuffs during    hand-to-hand combat easily reveals repressed queer intentionality similar to    that exhibited by tightly-wound homosexual delinquents who substitute violence    for intimacy. Batman's lack of commitment to women, specifically his inability    to maintain long-term, close relationships with female partners, is a recurrent    theme.
Finally,    there's the constant presence of lifelong companion Robin, the boy wonder. They    work together, they play together. They slide down poles and try on different    outfits. Superhero crime fighters often assume secret identities which imply    they're firmly wedged in the closet with mom's lipstick, but Batman and Robin    are a truly a dynamic duo. Both conceal vast inner worlds of wrenching conflict    from public view. When one considers Batman came into creation during    a time in American history when homosexuality was illegal (or a curable mental    illness), further credibility to these accusations is readily sustained.
The    most probing, penetrating, namblariffic analysis of Batman was originally    published in 1954. The Seduction of the Innocent outlined Bellevue Hospital    psychiatrist Fredric Wertham's hypothesis that Batman's fraternization with    Robin was a daddy-boy relationship, an adolescent-with-adult "Ganymede-Zeus"    narrative device operating at harmful, subconscious levels on America's youth.
Wertham's initial essays seized the comics industry with panic and embarrassment as he drew more and more direct links between superheroes, gayness, and juvenile delinquency. Wonder Woman came under fire for hating men and being plainly lesbian. He labeled the union of Batman and Robin the "wish dream of two homosexuals living together".
From The Seduction of the Innocent:
Sometimes they are shown on a couch, Bruce reclining and    Dick sitting next to him, jacket off, collar open, and his hand on his friend's    arm. Like girls in other stories, Robin is sometimes held captive by the villains    ... Robin is a handsome aphetic boy, usually showing his uniform with bare legs.    He is buoyant with energy and devoted to nothing on earth or interplanetary    space as much as to Bruce Wayne. He often stands with legs spread, the genital    region discreetly evident.
Other times Batman ends up in bed injured, and young Robin    is by his side. At home they lead an idyllic life. They are Bruce Wayne and    "Dick" Grayson. Bruce is described as a "socialite" and the official relationship    is that Dick is Bruce's ward. They live in sumptuous quarters, with beautiful    flowers in large vases, and they own a butler, Alfred. Batman is sometimes shown    in a dressing gown.
Contemporary    director Joel Shumacher has been universally applauded by gay groups for further    homoeroticising the Batman film franchise by adding to the costumes    of Val Kilmer and George Clooney a set of pert nipples, firmer buttocks, and    an extended, inflatable codpiece which more or less resembles a grocery basket    overstuffed with bananas.
If you're a University student who might like to develop a dissertation which    examines homosexual aspects of Batman, be cautioned that your academic    output might be limited in scope. Journalists, television producers, content    providers, and Web sites are regularly denied copyright access by DC Comics    if the angle of your story involves gayness.
Nevertheless, parody and pop culture analysis continues unabated. In 1996,    Robert Smeigel and J.J. Sedelmaier introduced America to superheroes Ace & Gary: The Ambiguously Gay Duo . They fight crime while piloting a    dynamic supervehicle shaped like an enormous penis. As they battle evil-doers,    Ace & Gary pretzel themselves together into suggestive, homoerotic configurations    and pat each other on the ass. The initial cartoons were yanked by censors of    the Dana Carvey variety show, but The Ambiguously Gay Duo later    found a home on Saturday Night Live .
