Batman
History
A family outing to the cinema ended in tragedy for young Bruce Wayne.  Walking homeward, Bruce, his father, Thomas, and   mother, Martha, accidentally ventured into Gotham City's notorious "Crime Alley" and were accosted by a mugger.  Not   content merely to rob the wealthy family, the hoodlum - whose identity was "never  determined" - shot Dr. Thomas and   Martha Wayne dead before fleeing into the darkness. As he knelt beside his parent's bodies, Bruce swore to avenge them.    After the police arrived, Bruce was comforted by Dr. Leslie THompkins.  Dr. Thompkins and Alfred Pennyworth helped   arrange matters so that Gotham's Social Services would not take Bruce into care.  In this way, both Dr. Thompkins and   Alfred enabled Bruce to realize his dream of becoming a crusader against crime.
The Young Bruce Wayne
At age 14, Bruce embarked on a journey that took him to every continent as he sought to learn all the skills he would   need to keep his vow.  He studied criminology, forensics, and criminal psychology, and learned from manhunters and martial   artists, mastering every fighting style.  In time, Bruce forged himself into a living weapon to wage war on crime and   injustice.  On his return to Gotham, Bruce stalked street thugs as a plainclothes vigilante.   Beaten by the very people   he intended to protect, he barely survived his first night out.  As he sat bleeding in his study at Wayne Manor Bruce   knew that he had to first strike fear in the hearts of his foes.  Just then, a bat crashed through the study window,   giving Bruce the inspiration he needed.
Batman Begins
Establishing a secret headquarters in the caves beneath his mansion, Bruce became Batman, a Dark Knight to protect Gotham   and its citizens from vice and villainy.  Alfred Pennyworth remained his confidant, tending to injuries and offering sage   advice - whether requested or not!
Batman became an urban legend, a cautionary tale that sent shivers through the city's underworld.  This Caped Crusader   found a friend in Captain James Gordon a Gotham cop who didn't approve of Batman's methods, but appreciated the results   of his nightly crime fighting.  Batman's Rogues Gallery grew to include a host of bizarre criminals, such as the Joker,   Catwoman, Two-Face and the Penguin.  As his enemies increased, help arrived in the form of another young boy left   parentless by brutal crime.
Robin
As a member of the Flying Graysons acrobatic family, young Dick Grayson thrilled audiences nightly on the high wire   beside his circus aerialist parents.  But when gangster "Boss" Zucco sabotaged the high wire because the owner of Haly's   Circus refused to offer up protection money, the elder Graysons paid with their lives.  Billionaire Bruce Wayne was in the   audience that night; however, it was Batman who visited the grieving Dick Grayson, offering the boy a chance at retribution   by becoming Robin, the Dark Knight's squire in his personal war on crime.
Dick Grayson
The first Robin [yes, there was more than one Robin, there have been 4 in fact, all in continuity] was carefully schooled   by Batman, learning all the skillshe would need to bring "Boss" Zucco to justice.  Before long, Dick was ready for action.    Sewaring a solemn oath, he joined the Dark Knight's crusade as his most trusted partner, Robin the Boy Wonder.
After several years in service to the Dark Knight, Grayson - then leader of the Teen Titans - relinquished the mantle of   Robin when Batman forced him to choose between his duties with the Titans and his promise to aid the Dark Knight.    Adopting the identity of Nightwing, Dick continued to battle crime while remaining Batman's close ally.
Jason Todd [robin #2]
Batman met juvenile delinquent and presumed orphan, Jason Todd, when the boy literally tried to steal the tires right off   the Batmobile.  With original partner Dick Grayson having given up the role of Robin, Batman decided to take Jason in and   offer him both a home and a purpose.  Jason began the same training regimen Grayson once undertook to become the Dark   Knight's partner.  However, Jason was a troubled soul who lacked maturity and was quick to anger.
A Death in the Family
When Jason discovered clues that his long-lost mother was alive, he secretly traveled to Africa to find her.  Tragically,   the trail also led him straight into the clutches of the Joker, who savagely beat the second Boy Wonder within an inch of   his life.  The Clown Prince of Crime left Jason and his mother to die in a booby-trapped warehouse wired from floor to   ceiling with high-explosive charges.  Jason courageously tried to shield his mother from the brunt of the devastating blast.    She survived the explosion just long enough to tell a grief-stricken Batman that his reckless young partner had died a   hero.
Tim Drake [Robin #3]
Tim Drake was barely more than a toddler when he sat in the stands at Haly's Circus and watched the Flying Graysons fall   to their doom.  Tim was transfixed as the Dark Knight swooped down to comfort young Dick Grayson.  The moment was burned   into his memory.  Years later, Tim saw news reports of an unhinged Batman becoming more and more violent following the death   of the second Robin, Jason Todd.  Using his detective skills, Tim deduced the secret identity of Batman and the first Boy   Wonder, Dick Grayson.
After revealing this knowledge to the original Dynamic Duo, Tim argued the need for a Robin to give the Dark Knight hope,   especially when faced with a seemingly hopeless and unyielding war on crime.  Though reluctant at first, Batman gave Tim   the opportunity to prove that he was as good as his word.  After months of grueling training, Tim Drake became the third   Robin.
It is a job at which Tim excels, despite the constant struggle of balancing his crime-fighting life with the day-to-day   battles of just being a teenager.  A former member of the Young Justice, Tim presently belongs to the latest incarnation   of the Teen Titans.
Stephanie Brown [Robin #4? for about 30 minutes]
Tim Drake met teen vigilante Stephanie Brown, the Spoiler, when she first attempted to thwart her father the Cluemaster's   criminal schemes.  Mutual attraction grew, and Tim began supplying Stephanie with official Bat-Equipment.  Their love ended   tragically when Stehphanie was killed in ation.
Batman's Uniform
Batman's [uniform] is bulletproof and fire resistant, featuring a weighted cape and a cowl outfitted with night-vision   technology and communications arrays; utility belt contains an arsenal of crime-fighting gear, including various types   of offensive Batarangs, de-cel jumplines and grapnels, micro-camera, smoke pellets, acetylene torch, gas mask, rebreather,   and flexi-cuffs among other miniaturized non-lethal weapons. [Batman] employs a variety of detective gadgets, including   micro-computers and crime scene analysis kits; maintains a fleet of high-tech and high-powered vehicles, chief among the   Batmobile, Batcycle, Batboat, Batplane and Batcopter; supersophisticated Batcave headquarters houses training facilities,   forensics laboratories, computer databases, and maintenance bays for all Bat-vehicles.
Some of the more prominent storylines of The Batman
The Origin of The Joker? the history of The Red Hood There are two stories, we will give you the current history   of The Red Hood.  The man who was to wear the Red Helmet and become the Red Hood was actually a former chemical technician   for the Ace Chemical plant, who became a struggling stand-up comedian burdened with the thought of not being able to   support his newly pregnant wife.
Jack, this poor sot's name, is approached by criminals who strong arm him into accepting the role of The Red Hood since   they want to rob the Ace Chemical plant.  Jack accepts [he had no choice], in order to make enough money to start a better   life for his family.  The day of the heist, Jack learns that his pregnant wife dies from a "freak accident", the reader   is led to believe that it was done by the gang members ensuring that Jack stuck with deal.
Jack, failed comedian, failed   husband to a murdered wife, reluctantly dons the helmet? becoming the new Red Hood.  Red Hood had a large domed red helmet   [of course] with one way mirror lenses [like Spider-Man] to see through and a red cape.  Oh yes.. he also wore a tuxedo.    Very dapper was the Red Hood.      While attempting to rob a chemical plant, the plant's security men spot the robbers, shooting the other criminals dead,   narrowly missing the Red Hood.  Cornered on a catwalk by Batman the [now terrified] Red Hood dives into a chemical basin   to make his escape and swims to freedom by way of a venting pipe.  He only survived via a  special breathing apparatus   that was built into his helmet. However, the chemicals in the basin permanently disfigured the an under the hood,   turning his hair green, his skin white and his lips red.
Upon discovering this, he went insane.  What really crawled   out of that chemical basin so many years ago was the worst criminal mind to walk the earth?. no not Lex Luthor, none   other than they psychotic and maniacle Joker.
Broken Bat - Bane will forever be remembered as the man who broke the Bat!  More than three decades ago, Bane's   father received a life sentence from the Satna Priscan government for his role in a failed revolution.  He fled the   country, but Santa Priscan law demanded that his son take his place.  The child that would become Bane was raised inside   Pena Duro prison (mostly in a pit called the Cavidad Oscuro).  Bane killed dozens of inmates and engineered a jailbreak   when experiments with the drug Venom gave him monstrous strength.
Winding up in Gotham City, Bane exhausted Batman by freeing all the villains from Arkham Asylum.  He then crippled the   Dark Knight by snapping his spine.  Jean Paul Valley (Azrael) donned the Batman garb ? wile Bruce recuperated from his   injuries.  This interim Batman was more violent and unstable; Bruce returned to action as soon as his body had healed   and he had regained his fighting spirit, with the help of ruthless martial-arts mistress Lady Shiva.  Bruce took back   the mantle of the Bat by force.
The "Batman: Hush" storyline introduced Tommy Elliot, a childhood friend of Bruce Wayne's.  As Hush, the   bandaged villain, Elliot secretly orchestrates constant attacks on the Batman by manipulates many of the Batman's   Rogues Gallery's villains.  As the manipulations and orchestrations grow so does the sexual tension between Batman   and Catwoman, to the point where they actually become romantically involved? to a certain degree. Ultimately, Batman's   distrust in Catwoman ends the doomed relationship. Hush tricks Batman into believing that Jason Todd, the second Robin   who was killed by the Joker, is actually alive.  An angry Jason fights Batman but he is later revealed to be none other   than Clayface.  In a bizarre twist of writing, the DC creators decided to go ahead and let Jason Todd actually become   alive, imagine that, but he arrives in the guise of ? the Red Hood.
Remember The Red Hood?  Well meet Red Hood 2! Wait, or is it Robin?  ... Ahh Jeeze!
Get discounts & more with our newsletter!
© 2001 -                     2012                     Superherostuff.com                     5-B Dutch Court, Sinking Spring, PA 19608
Phone:                     866-SUP-HERO                     (866-787-4376) E-mail: orders@superherostuff.com
