Home > Regions of Turkey > Southeast Anatolia > Batman
Batman
One of the southeastern Anatolian cities, Batman is a little province which takes its name from the river flowing on its west. The Batman river, spanned by the old Malabadi Bridge, draws the province's border with Diyarbakir , and then joins Tigris (Dicle) River passing through the land. The southeastern extensions of the Taurus Mountains on the other hand, stand on the eastern side of the region , together with the 1288 m high Raman Mountain. Here is one of the main crude oil production centers of Turkey , and the refinery at Batman was the first founded one in the country.
The history of the province reaches back to antiquity, and the land saw numerous dynasties throughout its long history. Experiencing Arab invasion around 700 AD, Batman was later dominated by Seljuks first and then by the Mongolians. It was annexed by the Ottoman Empire in 1514 after being under the influence of the Akkoyunlu and the Safevid throughout the 15th century.
In the early years of the Republic, Batman was attached to the province of Siirt and known as "Iluh". It first became a district in 1957, changing its name to Batman, and then a province centre in 1990. Once a part of the province of Siirt , the district was especially eminent during the time of Abbasid Caliphate .
Oil extraction and processing characterize the industry of the province. It has a provincial territory of 4,649 square kilometers and a population of 524,499 (2012). Its administrative districts are Besiri, Gercus, Hasankeyf , Kozluk and Sason.
Batman enjoyed a rapid development thanks to its oil reserves. The modern refinery was established in 1955 to process oil extracted from Raman and Garzan areas. The most important development which took place later was the completion of the 494 kilometers long pipeline between Batman and Iskenderun .
The railway which connects the town of Kurtalan near Batman to Istanbul was important in terms of transportation for a time. However, highways gained weight after 1950.
Upon the completion of GAP Project , services and commercial sectors will get stronger to accompany crude oil refinery. There will also be export oriented copper mining.
All About Turkey © Burak Sansal 1996–2011, a certified professional tour guide in Turkey. Contact Burak at buraksan@superonline.com for all kinds of regular and/or private travel services throughout the country.
