Batman Lecturing Robin
Robin: "Let's go!"
Batman: "Not you, Robin. They have strict licensing laws in this country.  A boy of your age is not allowed in a drinking tavern."
Dick Grayson: "What's so important about Chopin?"
Bruce Wayne: "All music is important, Dick. It's the universal language.  One of our best hopes for the eventual realization of the brotherhood of man."
Dick Grayson: "Gosh Bruce, yes, you're right. I'll practice harder from now on."
Robin: "You can't get away from Batman that easy!"
Batman: "Easily."
Batman: "Good grammar is essential, Robin."
Robin: "Thank you."
Batman: "Better put 5 cents in the meter."
Robin: "No policeman's going to give the Batmobile a ticket."
Batman: "This money goes to building better roads.  We all must do our part."
Robin: "Boy!  That was our closest call ever!  I have to admit that I was pretty scared!"
Batman: "I wasn't scared in the least."
Robin: "Not at all?"
Batman: "Haven't you noticed how we always escape the vicious ensnarements of our enemies?"
Robin: "Yeah, because we're smarter than they are!"
Batman: "I like to think it's because our hearts are pure."
Robin: "Holy molars!  Am I ever glad I take good care of my teeth!"
Batman: "True.  You owe your life to dental hygiene."
Bruce: "Yes, Dick, your bird calls are close to perfect.  If more people practiced them, someday we might have a chance for real communication with our feathered friends."
Dick: "In that case I think I'll polish up my ruby-crowned kinglet and my rose-breasted yellow-tailed grouse-beak calls."
Dick: "Sorry, I'm not interested in dance lessons."
Bruce: "Wait a minute, Dick.  The junior prom's coming up, isn't it?"
Dick: "Yes, but..."
Bruce: "Well, we don't want you to be a wallflower, do we?  Dancing is an integral part of every young man's education."
Dick: "Gosh Bruce, you're right."
Batman to Robin: "When you get a little older, you'll see how easy it is to become lured by the female of the species."
Robin: "I guess you can never trust a woman."
Batman: "You've made a hasty generalization, Robin.  It's a bad habit to get into."
Robin: "That's an impossible shot, Batman."
Batman: "That's a negative attitude, Robin."
Batman: "The green button will turn the car a la escarda o a la drecia."
Robin: "To the left or right.  Threw in a little Spanish on me, huh, Batman?"
Batman: "One should always keep abreast of foreign tongues, Robin."
Dick: "Gosh, Economics is sure a dull subject."
Bruce: "Oh, you must be jesting, Dick.  Economics dull?  The glamour, the romance of commerce...  Hmm.  It's the very lifeblood of our country's society."
"Gosh, Batman, you're right!"
Bruce: "Don't dip your oar in this sordid sea, Dick.  You might be besmirched."
Batman: "That's one trouble with dual identities, Robin.  Dual responsibilities."
Batman: "In fact, Mr. Wayne is taking Mrs. Harriet Cooper, a devotee of Miss Glaze's, backstage before the performance to meet the dazzling star."
Robin: "While Dick Grayson, I suppose, stays home and works on his essay on glaciers?"
Batman: "Right again, Robin."
Batman: "And up the batpoles."
Robin: "The batpoles?"
Batman: "Even crimefighters need their sleep, Robin."
Robin: "Picked up the seal pulsator yet, Batman?"
Batman: "We're still over land, Robin, and a seal is an aquatic, marine mammal."
Robin: "Gosh, yes, Batman, I forgot."
Robin: "Where'd you get a live fish, Batman?"
Batman: "The true crimefighter always carries everything he needs in his utility belt, Robin."
Robin: "Batman, maybe I should stay home tonight.  Homework, you know."
Batman: "I think you should acquire a taste for opera, Robin, as one does for poetry and olives."
Robin, to Carpet King: "You must be that gentleman I've read about.  Aren't you a king or something?"
Batman: "Robin, England has no king now.  England has a queen, and a great lady she is, too."
Robin: "Gosh, Batman, this camel grass juice is great."
Batman: "Beware of strong stimulants, Robin."
Batman: "Robin, the Constitution provides that a man is innocent until proven guilty.  And the Constitution is the cornerstone of our great nation.  We must abide by it."
Robin: "Gosh, when you put it that way..."
Batman: "Man-eating lilacs have no teeth, Robin.  It's a process of ingestion through their tentacles."
Batman (after cracking a safe): "It's not difficult, if you have steady nerves and a good ear.  Quality is destroyed by the tenor of criminal life."
Batman: "An older head can't be put on younger shoulders."
Robin: "Venus seemed like a nice girl in that costume."
Batman: "I suspect she is a nice girl down deep, but she's fallen in with bad companions.  And who knows what her home life was like."
Batman: "Go back outside and calm the flower children."
Robin: "They'll mob me!"
Batman: "Groovy."
Batman: "You know your neosauruses well, Robin.  Peanut butter sandwiches it is."
Batman: "Too many Bessarovian Cossacks around here, Robin.  If I'd joined you in the fight, some of them may have been injured."
Robin, about Batgirl: "She's gone again!  For once, Batman, let's follow her."
Batman: "No, Robin.  With my head sticking out of this neosaurus costume, I might not appear like an ordinary, run of the mill crimefighter."
Bruce: "Just because we're traveling, I don't think that Dick should neglect his studies, so we brought along one thousand key works of literature, his biological specimens, and also his own desk."
Dick: "Yes, I expect to study hard."
Batman: "You're far from mod, Robin.  And many hippies are older than you are."
Superintendent Watson: "Well, I think this calls for a cup of char at venerable Ireland Yard."
Robin: "Char?"
Batman: "Yes, Robin, a colloquialism for tea."
Catwoman: "Let noone say that Catwoman is not the best-dressed woman in the world."
Batman: "There are no fashion shows where you're going, Catwoman."
Robin: "And how could a feline feloness like you also be a fashion model?"
Batman: "Ah-ah.  Give credit where credit is due, Robin.  She may be evil, but she is attractive.  You'll know more about that in a couple of years."
Robin: "If we close our eyes, we can't see anything."
Batman: "A sound observation, Robin."
Robin, about Catwoman: "Do you think she'll kill Batgirl?"
Batman: "Or worse, Robin.  Or worse."
Batman: "Nobody wants war."
Robin: "Gee, Batman.  Belgravia's such a small country.  We'd beat them in a few hours."
Batman: "Yes, and then we'd have to support them for years."
Joker: "Let bygones be bygones.  I'd like to shake hands with both of you.  Can't we be friends?"
Robin: "I'd rather shake hands with a spitting cobra!"
Batman: "You're being cynical, Robin.  To err is human, to forgive...divine."
Batman: "What took you so long, Batgirl?"
Batgirl: "Rush hour traffic, plus all the lights were against me.  And you wouldn't want me to speed, would you?"
Robin: "Your good driving habits almost cost us our lives!"
Batman: "Rules are rules, Robin.  But you do have a point."
Batman: "Cattail Lane and Nine Lives Alley.  The Grimalkin Novelty Company is on that corner."
Robin: "Grimalkin?  What kind of a name is that?"
Batman: "An obscure but nevertheless acceptable synonym for cat, Robin."
Robin, looking at Batgirl: "You know something, Batman?"
Batman: "What's that, Robin?"
Robin: "She looks very pretty when she's asleep."
Batman: "I thought you might eventually notice that.  That single statement indicates to me the first oncoming thrust of manhood, old chum."
Robin: "Gosh, if I could just figure out that riddle.  Why can't I get it?"
Batman: "Maybe your mind's on that cute little teenager who waved to you on the way across town, eh?"
Robin: "Awww, come on, Batman."
Dick: "Awww, heck!  What's the use of learning French anyway?"
Bruce: "Dick, I'm surprised at you!  Language is the key to world peace.  If we all spoke each other's tongues, perhaps the scourge of war would be ended forever."
Dick: "Gosh, Bruce, yes.  I'll get these darn verbs if they kill me!"
Robin: "What do we do, tip off Commissioner Gordon?"
Batman: "No, not on your life, old man.  The Penguin and I have a score to settle."
Dick: "Wow!  The rings of Saturn!  This is sure some fun, Bruce."
Bruce: "Astronomy is more than mere fun, Dick."
Dick: "It is?"
Bruce: "Yes, it helps give us a sense of proportion.  Reminds us how little we are, really.  People tend to forget that sometimes."
Dick: "Gosh yes, that's right.  I'll bet I see those rings a little differently this time!"
Robin: "Gosh, there could be diplomatic repercussions if we fail this time, Batman."
Batman: "That's not the point, Robin.  What's important is that the world know that all visitors to these teeming shores are safe, be they peasant or king."
Robin: "Gee, Batman, I never thought of that.  You're right."
Batman: "It's the very essence of our democracy."
Batman to Robin: "Stop fiddling with that atomic pile and come down here!"
Dick: "Gosh, botany is tough.  I'll never learn to recognize all these trees!"
Bruce: "Come come, Dick.  Pine.  Elm.  Hickory, chestnut, maple.  Part of our heritage is the lure of living things, the storybook of nature."
Dick: "That's true, Bruce.  I'll learn to read that book of nature yet!"
Batman: "Robin, you haven't fastened your safety bat-belt."
Robin: "We're only going a couple of blocks."
Batman: "It won't be long until you are old enough to get a driver's license, Robin, and you'll be able to drive the Batmobile and other vehicles.  Remember, motorist safety."
Robin: "Gosh, Batman, when you put it that way.."
Bruce: "When we have more time, I'll acquaint you with the various processes of sculptoring.  It's a fascinating art to which I devoted many hours of study."
Dick: "I sure would like to hear about it, Bruce."
Batman (during a bat-climb): "Careful, Robin.  Both hands on the Bat-rope."
Robin: "Sorry, Batman."
Robin (about Lydia Limpet): "Gosh, Batman, those look like honest eyes."
Batman: "Never trust the old chestnut, 'Crooks have beady little eyes'.  It's false."
Robin: "When we put the fake jewels in Miss Starr's safe and take the real ones out, we could be nailed as crooks."
Batman: "That's a chance we have to take, Robin.  In our well ordered society, protection of private property is essential."
Robin: "Yes, you're right, Batman.  That's the keystone to all law and order."
Dick Grayson: "I thought Lima was the capital of Equador."
Bruce Wayne: "As you can see, I was right.  It's the capital of Peru."
Aunt Harriet: "Oh, I just love this game of capitals.  It's just so educational!"
Bruce: "Not only that, if we don't know all about our friends to the south, how can we can carry out our good neighbor policy?"
Bruce: "Most Americans don't realize what we owe to the ancient Incas.  Very few appreciate they gave us the white potato and many varieties of Indian corn."
Dick: "Now whenever I eat mashed potatos, I for one will think of the Incas."
Dick (working on a jigsaw puzzle): "It's so much harder with the pieces upside down."
Bruce: "Of course.  Think of what excellent training it is for your visual memory."
Dick: "Gosh yes, I guess that's true."
(in Batmobile, on golf course)
Robin: "Let's get going and make an emergency bat-turn!"
Batman: "Not this time, old chum.  Have to think of the golfers.  The retro-rockets would burn up the course for a hundred yards."
Batman: "Human mechanisms are made by human hands, Robin.  None of them is infallible.  It is a lesson that must be faced."
Batman: "That's life, Robin, full of ups and downs.  It ill befits any of us to become to confident."
Batman (about to cross the street): "Remember Robin, always look both ways."
Robin: "It sure is a shame, Batman.  A restaurant with such terrific chow turning out to be a mere front for some criminal scheme."
Batman: "Look at it this way, Robin.  That $100 cover charge is pretty stiff.  Penguin's 'terrific chow' is hardly within the budget of the average worker."
Robin: "Gosh yes, you're right, Batman.  All the needy people in the world, all the hungry children."
Batman: "Good thinking, Robin."
Dick: "Gosh Bruce, Greek is still Greek to me."
Aunt Harriet: "It's Greek to a lot of Greeks too.  It's one of the world's oldest, most important, most beautiful languages."
Dick: "It may be, Aunt Harriet, but can't we take a breather and work out in the gym for a while?"
Aunt Harriet: "But the mind needs excercise too, Dick."
Dick: "Well, my mind is getting muscle-bound."
Bruce: "Ahhh, there is an old saying, Dick.  A sound mind and a sound body.  A worthy goal."
Batman: "Ma Parker's girl is more dangerous than her three boys."
Robin: "Her legs sort of reminded me of Catwoman's."
Batman: "You're growing up, Robin.  Remember, in crime-fighting always keep your sights raised."
Robin: "But what is it?"
Batman: "Saribus Sacer.  A species of ancient Egyptian beetle, sacred to the Sun God, Hymeopolos.  And from which the term scarab is derived.  But, you should know that, Robin, if you are up on your studies of Egyptology."
Robin: "You're right."
Batman: "I know.  Hieroglyphics self-taught are a chore, Robin; but, it is a surefire way to unravel the secrets of the ancient mystics."
Batman: "Experience teaches slowly, Robin.  And at a cost of many mistakes."
Robin: "I am a little hungry."
Batman: "Of course, Robin.  Even crime-fighters must eat.  And especially you.  You're a growing boy and you need your nutrition."
Batman: "Remember the Boy Scouts' motto."
Robin: "'Be prepared'."
Batman: "It would do well to keep that in mind at all times."
Robin: "We better hurry, Batman."
Batman: "Not too fast, Robin.  In good bat-climbing as in good driving one must never sacrifice safety for speed."
Robin: "Right again, Batman."
Batman: "Tarnished reputations are unfortunate, Robin.  We can live with those.  However, a threat to all of Gotham City is something else."
Robin: "Self-control is sure tough sometimes, Batman!"
Batman: "All virtues are, old chum.  Indeed, that's why they're virtues."
Robin: "How about rushing the place, Batman?"
Batman: "Shh.  I think not, Robin.  All they've done so far is stolen a few items, attempted to kill you, me, and Batgirl.  No, I think they plan something really big."
Dick: "Bruce, let me ride Waynebow.  I'm light enough."
Bruce: "No, Dick, I couldn't allow my own ward to ride my own thoroughbred.  People might think it was funny."
