Posted  by admin on Jan 7, 2012 in The Many Faces Of Batman | 0 comments
Batman Movie (1966) – Adam West.
The Batman movie from back in 1966 was the very first Batman movie. A young Adam West plays Batman/Bruce Wayne and Burt Ward plays his side kick Robin the boy Wonder.
This Batman movie did not go in very deep as today’s modern Batman so the main villains are always The Joker, The Riddler, The Penguin, and Catwoman. These four villains came before the other mainstream villains of the Batman mythos but only Joker and Catwoman had their great 15 minutes of fame on the big screen.
Click here for more information on this Batman Movie.
Batman Movie (1989) – Micheal Keaton.
In 1989, Tim Burton (director) took on the task that would forever change the worlds look on Batman. Tim would cast funny man Micheal Keaton to portray a redesigned Batman to appear more dark than ever before. Jack Nicolson would play the Joker whom is the main antagonist. the movie takes you back to the beginning of how Batman came to be and shows his struggles with the current organized crime in Gotham City that also involves the crooked cops.
Click here for more information on this Batman Movie .
Batman Movie: Batman Returns  (1992) – Micheal Keaton.
Micheal Keaton returns as the Batman with a new armor like bat suit and new rivals. The penguin (Danny Devito) and Catwoman (michelle Pfeiffer) would wreak havoc in Gotham  City. Penguin would play politics while framing Batman for being a villain through Gotham’s eyes and Catwoman struggles if she is to be a hero or a villain. Batman must find a way to fight his attraction to Catwoman and clear his name.
Click here for more information on this Batman Movie .
Batman Movie: Batman Forever (1995) – Val Kilmer.
Joel Schumacher would take on the role of director and casts Val Kilmer as Batman and introduces Chris O’Donnell has Robin the boy Wonder. Two new villains emerge in Gotham city. 2 Face/ Harvey Dent (tommy Lee Jones) is a high profile lawyer that blames Batman for half of his face and body’s mutilated state and The Riddler (Jim Carrey) is an unappreciated employee of Wayne enterprises that takes his disgruntled state a little too far by becoming a villain and teaming up with 2 Face to attempt to reveal Batman’s true identity. Batman must bring these 2 villains to justice and figure out how to work with a teammate.
Click here for more information on this Batman Movie .
Batman Movie: Batman And Robin (1997) – George Clooney.
Joel Schumacher returns as director and casts George Clooney as the new Batman and brings back Chris O’Donnell as Robin the Boy Wonder. Bat Girl (Alicia Silverstone) is introduced as the 3rd member of the Bat family. Two more villains are now stirring up chaos in Gotham City. Mr Freeze (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a clinically sick villain, that needs freezing temperatures to stay alive, steals up the gems of Gotham to power his suit and bring his beloved back to life. Poison Ivy (Uma Therman) is a biologist and gains the power to control all botanical life at will and with her venom, she creates a highly muscled henchmen from a lab subject. Ivy now seeks to rebuild an amazonian empire in Gotham City. Batman has his hands full with 3 villains and a 3rd sidekick while working towards keeping his family butler alive.
Click here for more information on this Batman Movie .
Batman Movie: Batman Begins (2005) – Christian Bale.
Christopher Nolan takes on the role of director and brings Christian Bale as the new face of Batman to reboot the story from the very beginning in his newest Batman Movie . We see Bruce Wayne’s struggle to find himself as a hero whilst battling 2 new villains that never had their chance on the big screen. The Scarecrow (Cillian Murphy) uses gas to put his enemies in an induced hallucination of the things that scare them the most. Ra’s Al Ghul (Liam Neeson) trains Batman, before he was Batman, on the art of stealth and conquering ones fears. Many returning characters make their appearance such as Alfred Pennyworth (Michael Caine) and Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman).
Click here for more information on this Batman Movie .
Batman Movie: Batman Dark Knight (2008) – Christian Bale.
Christopher Nolan returns as director and brings back Christian Bale as Batman for his 3 part Batman Trilogy. Returning Characters are Alfred Pennyworth, Lucius Fox, Commissioner Gordon, and Rachel Dawes. The new face to the Joker is played by Heath Ledger whom took audiences to the edge of their seats with his incredible portrayal of The Joker. This Batman Movie also brings back Two Face (Aaron Eckhart) showing a side of the villain to have more humanity than Tommy Lee Jones portrayal of the villain.
Click here for more information on this Batman Movie .
 Batman Movie: Batman The Dark Knight Rises (2012) – Christian Bale.
Not very much is known about this upcoming movie since everyone is keeping it hush hush but two trailers has came out. All of our favorite side characters will be returning such as Commissioner Gordon, Lucius Fox, and Alfred Pennyworth. For obvious reasons we will not be seeing the Joker come back as a cameo such
 
