Batman: Arkham City Batarang and Riddler Trophy On Sale Now
By: Chris  On: 2012-06-06 01:28  (5860 Reads)
Warner Bros. Consumer Products Awards Triforce License to Create 1:1 Scale Prop Replicas of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment’s Batman: Arkham City and Batman: Arkham Asylum Batarang & Riddler Trophy Full Scale Replicas Now On-Sale
(June 5,2012 New York, NY) - TriForce ? Sales, LLC announced today that it has acquired thelicense from Warner Bros. Consumer Products to create 1:1 scale prop replicas of various weapons, gadgets and iconic objects from Batman: Arkham City and Batman: Arkham Asylum.  Developed by Rocksteady Studios and based on DC Comics’ core Batman license, Batman: Arkham City and Batman: Arkham Asylum are both published worldwide by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.  The multi-year agreement includes the two hit games, featuring Batman, his allies and roster of “Rogues Gallery” villains.
The first two products are now available for pre-order at www.projecttriforce.com
.   The Batarang will retail for $750 and have a limited run of 750 pieces.  The Riddler Trophy will retail for $350 and to mimic Batman: Arkham City, have a limited run of 440 pieces.
“Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and Rocksteady have taken one of the most beloved characters from the universe of DC Comics and given him the proper respect he deserves.  We will do the same with the products we are planning to create in partnership with Warner Bros. Consumer Products,” said Drew Seldin from Triforce.  “Our goal is to explore these incredible rich universes and develop replicas worthy of the characters and their rich histories.”
Product information is available on our website www.projecttriforce.com
as well as on our Twitter and Facebook pages.
 
BATMAN: ARKHAM CITY software © 2012 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. Developed by Rocksteady Studios Ltd. Microsoft, Windows, the Windows Vista Start button, Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox LIVE, Xbox, 'Games for Windows' and the Windows Vista Start button logo are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies and are used under license from Microsoft. "PlayStation" is a registered trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. All other trademarks and copyrights are the property of their respective owners.  All rights reserved.
 
BATMAN and all related characters and elements are trademarks of and © DC Comics. © 2012. All Rights Reserved.
WB GAMES LOGO, WB SHIELD: ™ & © Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.
(s12)
 
About Warner Bros. Consumer Products
Warner Bros. Consumer Products, a Warner Bros. Entertainment Company, is one of the leading licensing and retail merchandising organizations in the world.
About DC Entertainment
DC Entertainment, home to iconic brands DC Comics (Superman, Batman, Green Lantern, Wonder Woman, The Flash), Vertigo (Sandman, Fables) and MAD, is the creative division charged with strategically integrating its content across Warner Bros. Entertainment andTime Warner.  DC Entertainment works in concert with many key Warner Bros. divisions to unleash its stories and characters across all media, including but not limited to film, television, consumer products, home entertainment and interactive games. Publishing thousands of comic books, graphic novels and magazines each year, DC Entertainment is the largest English-language publisher of comics in the world.  In January 2012, DC Entertainment, in collaboration with Warner Bros. and Time Warner divisions, launched We Can Be Heroes—a giving campaign featuring the iconic Justice League super heroes—to raise awareness and funds to fight the hunger crisis in the Horn of Africa.
About Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, a division of Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group, is a premier worldwide publisher, developer, licensor and distributor of entertainment content for the interactive space across all current and future platforms, including console, handheld and PC-based gaming for both internal and third party game titles.
About Rocksteady Studios Ltd
Rocksteady Studios is a multi-award winning videogame developer based in London, England. Located in a spacious, purpose built converted factory, with full motion capture and audio studio capabilities, Rocksteady is an energetic company formed by a core team of senior industry professionals. This creates an ideal balance of drive, talent, proven methods, experience and cutting edgetechnology to make AAA games. Now employing over 90 people, Rocksteady's mission is to be a highly professional, efficient company whose purpose is to make great games, and have happy and healthy team members. This philosophy is the heart and soul of the company. Rocksteady received the coveted ‘studio of the year’ award at the 2009 VGA awards.
About TriForce ?
TriForce ? Sales, LLC based in New York, NY is a high-end creator of officially licensed 1:1 scale replicas.  Current license include the Gears of War universe, Mass Effect universe, Darksiders universe, Warhammer 44,000 Space Marine and Techno Kitten Adventures.  TriForce ? uses state-of-the-art process, equipment, materials and techniques to create the most realistic products available on the market today.  To view and purchase products or learn more about TriForce ? visit us on the web at www.projecttriforce.com
 
