Batman 3 Movie - Dark Knight Sequel
The Dark Knight was a huge success and one can be sure that Warner Bros is now thinking about doing Batman 3. If this hasn't been announced yet, I think it's partly because Heath Ledger, who played the Joker passed away. And also because Director Christopher Nolan wanted to have a break to do something else, namely Inception .
Update: Batman is tentatively scheduled for a release on July 20, 2012
I. Next villain for the movie Batman 3?
Let's make  a list of potential villains:
- The Riddler
The Riddler is obsessed with riddles, puzzles, and word games. He delights in forewarning both Batman and the police of his capers by sending them complex clues. With this self-conscious use of a gimmick, the Riddler's crimes are flamboyant and ostentatious. The character is often depicted as wearing a domino mask either with a green suit and bowler hat, or a green jumpsuit.
A strong rumor wants Johnny Depp to play the Riddler in Batman 3.
- Black Mask
The Black Mask is a master criminal strategist with vast amount of resources. He was the crime lord of Gotham city for many years as an undercover businessman. Born wealthy. He bears a long-time grudge against Bruce Wayne.
The Black Mask was actually considered as a potential villain for Batman 2, so he may show up in Batman 3!
- Ventriloquist and Scarface
A meek, quiet man, Arnold Wesker (the first Ventriloquist) plans and executes his crimes through a dummy named Scarface, with the dress and persona of a 1920s gangster, complete with pinstripe suit, cigar, and Tommy gun.
The rumor was thinking of Johnny Depp as the Riddler but I' rather see him to play the Ventriloquist!
- Poison Ivy
Poison Ivy is depicted as one of the world's most prominent eco-terrorists. She is obsessed with plants, botany, and environmentalism. She uses toxins from plants and her own bloodstream for her criminal activities, which are usually aimed at protecting the natural environment.
I could see Poison Ivy in a plot related to global warming!
- Catwoman
The sweet catwoman could show up again, but I bet Christopher Nolan would prefer a new character...
- Penguin
No need to present the Penguin, he's in the list, but I don't really think he will be the villain in Batman 3...
- Mr Freeze
Arnold Schwarzenegger played Mr Freeze, hard to erase Gubernator's performance, so we can probably take Mr Freeze out of the list.
- Clayface
A muddy enemy would not fare verry well on screen... Unlikely to be the next villain...
- Bane
Bane is a bodybuilder on super-steroid: too stupid to be the main villain of the Dark Knight sequel!
Most likely the villain of Batman will be one of the four of the list above, that is to say: the Riddler, the Black Mask, the Ventriloquist, or Poison Ivy.
But the Joker or Two face could come back!
II. Robin in Batman 3?
Christopher Nolan was quoted as saying:
"If Robin crops up in one of the new Batman films, I’ll be chaining myself up somewhere and refusing to go to work."
Director Christophe Nolan
So I guess it means that Robin won't show up.
III. Release Date of Batman 3?
According to the rumor, director Christopher Nolan's recent deal with Warner Bros for the film Inception, at least includes an agreement between the studio and the acclaimed director to helm a movie sequel to the Dark Knight. Since Inception is released in 2010, we may expect Batman 3 for 2011 or 2012.
The sooner they release Batman 3 the better!
:)
