Batman: Arkham City is going to be one of the biggest titles of the year, but can it succeed where Arkham Asylum failed? And what can it learn from God of War?
 
Utilize the unique FreeFlow combat system to chain together unlimited combos seamlessly and battle with huge groups of The Joker's henchmen in brutal melee brawls.
Investigate as Batman, the World's Greatest Detective, by solving intricate puzzles with the help of cutting edge forensic tools including x-ray scanning, fingerprint scans, 'Amido Black' spray and a pheromone tracker.
Face off against Gotham’s greatest villains including The Joker, Harley Quinn, Victor Zsasz and Killer Croc.
Become the Invisible Predator with Batman's fear takedowns and unique vantage point system to move without being seen and hunt enemies.
Choose multiple takedown methods, including swooping from the sky and smashing through walls, and use the predator camera get a closer look at the action.
Explore every inch of Arkham Asylum and roam freely on the infamous island, presented for the first time ever in its gritty and realistic entirety.
Experience what it's like to be Batman using Batarangs, explosive gel aerosol, The Batclaw, sonar resonator and the line launcher.
Unlock more secrets by completing hidden challenges in the world and develop and customize equipment by earning experience points.
Enjoy complete superhero freedom in the environment with the use of Batman's grapple to get to any place you can see, jump from any height and glide in any direction.
Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane:  An unprecedented repository for Gotham's most infamous nut jobs. Its stone walls resound with the wails and cackles of killers, freaks, villains and a few geniuses -- most of them put there by one man.  But Batman's war on Gotham's worst can't be won by simply locking the loonies away, out of sight and out of their minds.  In the process of hiding Gotham's seamy underbelly, Arkham Asylum has become one of the most dangerous places on earth.  This has piqued the interest of Batman's greatest nemesis, The Joker.
The Joker has turned the asylum's vengeful occupants into his own personal army, and has transformed Arkham into the perfect weapon against Batman.  Facing hundreds of his mortal enemies, Batman still chooses to go it alone.  But that doesn't mean you have to.  Let IGN Guides be your faithful sidekick -- don't worry, we'll leave the tights at home.
In this Batman: Arkham Asylum strategy guide, you'll find:
BASICS // A crash course in masked vigilantism.
CHARACTERS // A behind-the-scenes look at the heroes and villains of Batman: Arkham Asylum.
ARMORY // Your weapons and you.
WALKTHROUGH // A step-by-step guide to surviving a night in the asylum.
THE RIDDLER'S CHALLENGE // ... Puzzles solved.
Q & A // Q's for your most pressing A's.
Batman: Arkham Asylum Strategy Guide
If this is your first time to the site, let us welcome you to what we hope will become your new daily source of Batman: Arkham Asylum information.   Instead of adding another voice to the already crowded market of game sites and magazines, GameStats is focused squarely on providing the most objective view of games.   To do this, GameStates assembles articles from around the web, allows gamers to weigh in with their opinions, and lets you access daily popularity statistics for thousands of games.   We have the most extensive list of Batman: Arkham Asylum reviews, previews, and news from around the net.
Around The Network:
