HANDMADE                                                         PARTY SUPPLIES
Create homemade Batman party supplies at the next Batman themed party. Batman is one of the most popular superheroes of all time. Make a child’s dream come true by throwing him (or her) a Batman themed party they can participate in help making. Handmade Batman party supplies are very simple and fun to create together. One handmade Batman party supplies that should not be missed is a handmade Batman mask. A Batman mask can be made with black poster board, scissors, glue or double-sided tape, and string. Research different style masks and make the simplest ones possible.
Handmade Batman party supplies should also include a Batman themed banners, posters, and cutouts. Cutout out the Batman symbol. Use a older Batman version or a more recent. For example, the Batman symbol circa 1989 is very easy to make. Take a large sheet of black and yellow poster board. Cut out the yellow oval and the Batman symbol and paste. To make the Batman symbol cutout more interesting, spray paint in green or purple Happy Birthday over it (as if the Joker or Riddler tagged the Batman symbol). Keep the homemade party supplies dark (cave-like) in the party location.  
Think about the themes that have lots of party supplies available as this will smooth the process of planning a good party. With that in mind consider a Batman theme party as it’s not only suitable for all age groups it’s also rich in variety and quality. Take a look at the party supplies and see for yourself everything you can easily obtain.
Batman Cake Ideas
Batman, being such an iconic super-hero, is one of the most popular themes for children’s birthday parties and baking a cake related to the theme might seem to be quite a daunting task. However, this is not necessarily so.  Here are some ideas on how to create a spectacular Batman cake.
The ambitious might chose to make their cake in the shape of the Bat mobile or a 3d Batman mask which is great but you need not do something so elaborate to make an impressive cake. Something as simple as decorating a regular sheet cake with purple and black frosting (Batman’s trademark colors) can go a long way in driving home the theme. Use a lot of bat motifs in the decoration and maybe even an action figure or two.
Another simple batman cake to make is the Batman Signal cake. This is designed to look like the light signal over Gotham city used to summon the super-hero. Use an oval cake tin to make this cake or cut out an oval from a circular cake. Next cover it all with bright yellow frosting with the Batman symbol in the center with black and you’re done. Easy Peasy! And nothing could make for a better centerpiece among all your other Batman party supplies.
  
