Batman Takes Best Game at BAFTA Awards
X360 News | Mar 19, 2010
What do Batman, Nathan Drake and Shigeru Miyamoto have in common? Aside from being generally awesome, all three were big winners at Friday night's British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) Videogames Awards. Hit the jump for details. Read More »
Warner Acquires a Majority Stake in Rocksteady Studios
X360 News | Feb 23, 2010
If anyone was still doubting the success of last year's Batman: Arkham Asylum, today Warner Bros., the game's publisher, announced that it's bought up a majority stake of London-based developer Rocksteady Studios. To date, Arkham Asylum has shipped over three million copies worldwide, and with a sequel already in the works, it's possible that Rocksteady will go on to develop more action games based on the Batman franchise. Read More »
Is Rocksteady Working on an Arkham Asylum Sequel?
X360 News | Nov 2, 2009
GOONL!NE ran a rumor piece over the weekend which suggests that Rocksteady Games might well be hard at work on a sequel to this year's excellent Batman: Arkham Asylum. The tantalizing quote from Rocksteady's game director, Sefton Hill, comes in from the latest issue of Official PlayStation Magazine. Read More »
Batman: Arkham Asylum Shifts Nearly 2 Million Copies
X360 News | Sep 11, 2009
The LA Times Online has a piece which focuses on how Warner Bros. is planning tighter control over its superhero division in light of the recent Disney/Marvel takeover.
A little slice of gaming news comes to the forefront in the article, which reveals that Eidos' new superhero game, Batman: Arkham Asylum, has now sold nearly two million copies since launch. Read More »
Batman: Arkham Asylum in Guinness Book of World Records
X360 News | Aug 28, 2009
The Guinness World Records has awarded Batman: Arkham Asylum the title of "Most Critically Acclaimed Superhero Game Ever." According to the press release, reviewers' scores averaged to 91.67 (as compiled by Metacritic), breaking the record for the highest-rated superhero video game thus far. For GameSpy's take on Batman: Arkham Asylum, read editor -- and resident DC comics know-it-all -- Ryan Scott's review. Read More »
