78 Wolcott Road , Chestnut Hill MA 02467-3109 map
(617) 731-7770
0 Recommendations
RF Schmidt Architects is dedicated to designing sustainable architecture which meets the needs of our clients and the communities in which we practice  
Our Core Beliefs  The most successful architecture results from a balanced, creative planning and design process inspired by a client's vision. We believe in this collaborative process, and in the responsibility of architecture to shape how we live and work - to make our neighborhoods more vibrant, strengthen family bonds, and create workplaces that are productive and enjoyable. Sustainable design is integral to this approach by encouraging reinvestment in our neighborhoods and helping to preserve the character and heritage of our communities, while conserving valuable resources and improving overall health, comfort productivity.
Additional Info: RF Schmidt Architects is an award winning design firm. For a list of these awards, please visit our web site at www.schmidtarch.com.
675 VFW PKWY, Chestnut Hill MA 02467 map
0 Recommendations
The Marketing Studio, founded in 1996,  offers strategy, creative and design services for print and web.  
The Marketing Studio offers strategy, creative and design services. Our goal is to create and implement marketing initiatives that work for your business.  Whether you are looking to strengthen your brand identity, roll out a new creative campaign or build a website, The Marketing Studio will help you meet your objectives. Our approach is personal and the results are measurable.   The Marketing Studio was founded in 1996 and we have over 20 years of experience helping clients achieve their marketing goals.  We have worked with b-to-b, b-to-c,  and non-profit clients.   Our capabilities include: ??? advertising ??? branding/strategy ??? copywriting ??? direct marketing ??? event marketing ?????graphic design ??? logo/identity ??? print collateral ??? web design  Call today for a free consultation.
Additional Info: Visit our web site to view our online portfolio of print, logo and web design. www.marketing-studio.com.
675 VFW Parkway, #145, Chestnut Hill MA 02467 map
0 Recommendations
Beacon Strategy Group is a management consulting firm dedicated to helping companies achieve optimal organizational effectiveness.  
Beacon Strategy Group is a management consulting firm dedicated to helping companies achieve optimal organizational effectiveness through the practical application of strategic and operational planning, primarily through project management.    Beacon Strategy Group is about guiding companies to where they want to be. Our process reflects the importance of staying focused on a well lit and clear path toward the destination, while also looking back to draw upon the value of the organization's history and lessons of the past.   Beacon Strategy Group was founded in 2002 (formerly Bateman Consulting) to provide consulting, services, and training in the areas of project management and organizational effectiveness.
Chestnut Hill MA 02467-1052 map
0 Recommendations
,
Featured Categories
