Apple iBooks trademark under fire from independent book publisher
A small New York-based book publisher, which publishes sci-fi and fantasy …
by Chris Foresman - Jun 16, 2011 7:38 pm UTC
34
A small book publisher from New York is suing Apple over its use of the term "iBooks" for its e-book store and e-reader app for iOS. John T. Colby, Jr., owner of several small independent publishing imprints, filed a federal lawsuit in the Eastern District of New York on Wednesday for trademark infringement.
Colby is the owner and founder of Brick Tower Press and J. Boylston & Company. According to the lawsuit, between 2006 and 2007, Colby bought the assets of publisher Byron Preiss, which included an entire library of sci-fi and fantasy books published under the "ibooks" imprint. Those books date back as far as 1999.
Apple originally owned the "iBook" trademark for its line of colorful consumer laptops, which eventually morphed into the white unibody MacBook that Apple still sells today. However, the company didn't use the term to refer to e-books until it unveiled the feature for the first iPad in the spring of 2010.
Colby fears that Apple's continued use of the trademark will make it impossible to continue the ibooks imprint. "Apple’s use of the mark 'iBooks' to denote the electronic library that can be accessed via its iPad tablet computer and its iPhone is likely to overwhelm the good will of plaintiffs' 'ibooks' and 'ipicturebooks' marks and render them virtually worthless," reads the complaint.
This could be tricky situation for Apple. The company has a currently active and registered trademark for "iBooks" relating to "computer software used to support and create interactive, user-modifiable electronic books." That trademark has a first use date for that purpose of October 2000, though it is worth noting that the trademark was transferred to Apple from a previous owner last year.
A separate application for an iBooks trademark for more extensive uses—including "computer software for authoring, downloading, transmitting, receiving, editing, extracting, encoding, decoding, displaying, storing and organizing text, graphics, images, and electronic publications" and "periodicals, books, magazines, newsletters, brochures, booklets, pamphlets, manuals, journals, and leaflets on a wide range of topics of general interest"—is currently suspended while Apple makes clarifications requested by the USPTO. That application was filed in April 2010.
Both Apple and Colby declined to comment on the case.
This isn't far from the first time Apple has launched a service or product that used someone else's trademarked name. Both the iPhone and iPad marks were owned by Cisco and Fujitsu , respectively, though Apple managed to work out deals in both of those cases. The company is currently facing a lawsuit over its soon-to-be-released iCloud services from iCloud Communications.
