Law enforcement restricts media wildfire coverage
AP - Wed, Jun 20, 2012 9:13 AM EDT
Reporters covering northern Colorado's massive wildfire cannot enter areas that have been evacuated — an unusual restriction even for this state, where local officials … More »Law enforcement restricts media wildfire coverage
Reporters covering northern Colorado's massive wildfire cannot enter areas that have been evacuated — an unusual restriction even for this state, where local officials have extensive powers at fire scenes ...
Tropical Storm Chris moving over north Atlantic
AP - Wed, Jun 20, 2012 11:12 AM EDT
Tropical Storm Chris has strengthened slightly as it moves over the northern Atlantic, but it isn't posing a threat to land. More »Tropical Storm Chris moving over north Atlantic
Tropical Storm Chris has strengthened slightly as it moves over the northern Atlantic, but it isn't posing a threat to land.
Mayors vaunt progress against climate change
AP - Wed, Jun 20, 2012 9:00 AM EDT
While squabbling between rich and poor countries casts a pall over the upcoming United Nations' Rio+20 conference on sustainable development, the world's mayors said … More »Mayors vaunt progress against climate change
While squabbling between rich and poor countries casts a pall over the upcoming United Nations' Rio+20 conference on sustainable development, the world's mayors said Tuesday that they were already taking real, measurable action to stave off environmental disaster and preserve natural resources for future generations.
Colorado wildfire now 50 percent contained
AP - Tue, Jun 19, 2012 10:46 AM EDT
Wildfires across the West drove hundreds of people from their homes from California to Colorado, where nuns living in a monastery and Boy Scouts at camp were among those … More »Colorado wildfire now 50 percent contained
Wildfires across the West drove hundreds of people from their homes from California to Colorado, where nuns living in a monastery and Boy Scouts at camp were among those forced to flee ahead of the flames.
Hot, dry weather still stressing Nebraska crops
AP - Tue, Jun 19, 2012 10:33 AM EDT
Parts of southern Nebraska have received some much-needed rain, but northern and western parts of state remain hot and dry, which is putting stress on crops and pastures.The … More »Hot, dry weather still stressing Nebraska crops
Parts of southern Nebraska have received some much-needed rain, but northern and western parts of state remain hot and dry, which is putting stress on crops and pastures.The U.S. Department of Agriculture ...
More evacuations as winds fuel Colorado wildfire
AP - Mon, Jun 18, 2012 10:51 AM EDT
More residents were out of their homes Monday as fire crews face another day of powerful winds fueling a wildfire that has charred more than 87 square miles of forested … More »More evacuations as winds fuel Colorado wildfire
More residents were out of their homes Monday as fire crews face another day of powerful winds fueling a wildfire that has charred more than 87 square miles of forested mountains in northern Colorado.
Hurricane Carlotta hits Mexican coast, weakens
AP - Sat, Jun 16, 2012 3:09 AM EDT
A weakening Hurricane Carlotta pushed northward toward the resort city of Acapulco on Saturday after making landfall near the Mexican beach town of Puerto Escondido, … More »Hurricane Carlotta hits Mexican coast, weakens
A weakening Hurricane Carlotta pushed northward toward the resort city of Acapulco on Saturday after making landfall near the Mexican beach town of Puerto Escondido, where it toppled trees and shook tourist ...
Damage from Texas hail storms could top $400 million
Reuters - Thu, Jun 14, 2012 3:27 PM EDT
DALLAS (Reuters) - Several strong thunderstorms cut a swath through North Texas late on Wednesday, with baseball-sized hail stones smashing everything from car windshields … More »Damage from Texas hail storms could top $400 million
DALLAS (Reuters) - Several strong thunderstorms cut a swath through North Texas late on Wednesday, with baseball-sized hail stones smashing everything from car windshields to the marquee of a landmark East Dallas movie theater. The hail storms were the worst in the North Texas and Dallas area since April 2003, the National …
Colorado wildfire smoke smudges skies in Wyoming
AP - Wed, Jun 13, 2012 3:55 PM EDT
Smoke from a massive northern Colorado wildfire that has forced hundreds of people from their homes was blowing into southeast Wyoming and smudging the skies above Cheyenne … More »Colorado wildfire smoke smudges skies in Wyoming
Smoke from a massive northern Colorado wildfire that has forced hundreds of people from their homes was blowing into southeast Wyoming and smudging the skies above Cheyenne on Wednesday.
Climate, habitat, humans 'in cahoots to kill mammoths'
AFP - Tue, Jun 12, 2012 11:17 AM EDT
Rising temperatures, changing vegetation and the spread of humans all contributed to the extinction of the woolly mammoth, according to a new study that said no single … More »Climate, habitat, humans 'in cahoots to kill mammoths'
Rising temperatures, changing vegetation and the spread of humans all contributed to the extinction of the woolly mammoth, according to a new study that said no single factor was to blame.
New hurricane center head turned fear into career
AP - Mon, Jun 11, 2012 11:06 AM EDT
When the National Hurricane Center's new director was growing up on the Florida and Texas coasts, tropical storms frightened him. Decades later, Rick Knabb understands … More »New hurricane center head turned fear into career
When the National Hurricane Center's new director was growing up on the Florida and Texas coasts, tropical storms frightened him. Decades later, Rick Knabb understands storms better, but he still doesn't ...
Large wildfire in N. Colorado prompts evacuations
AP - Sun, Jun 10, 2012 2:27 AM EDT
Crews on Saturday battled a fast-moving wildfire in northern Colorado that has scorched about 8,000 acres and prompted several dozen evacuation orders. More »Large wildfire in N. Colorado prompts evacuations
Crews on Saturday battled a fast-moving wildfire in northern Colorado that has scorched about 8,000 acres and prompted several dozen evacuation orders.
Weather center: 50 percent chance of El Nino later this year
Reuters - Thu, Jun 7, 2012 10:14 PM EDT
NEW YORK (Reuters) - There is a 50 percent chance the feared El Nino weather pattern which can trigger droughts in Southeast Asia and Australia and floods in South America … More »Weather center: 50 percent chance of El Nino later this year
NEW YORK (Reuters) - There is a 50 percent chance the feared El Nino weather pattern which can trigger droughts in Southeast Asia and Australia and floods in South America may strike later this year, the U.S. Climate Prediction Center warned on Thursday. In its strongest prediction so far that El Nino could emerge, the …
NYC at highest risk of hurricane losses: report
Reuters - Thu, Jun 7, 2012 8:03 AM EDT
(Reuters) - When people think of hurricane damage they usually think of Miami or New Orleans, but a new report suggests the greatest financial risk of all may be much … More »NYC at highest risk of hurricane losses: report
(Reuters) - When people think of hurricane damage they usually think of Miami or New Orleans, but a new report suggests the greatest financial risk of all may be much farther north: the greater New York City area. Data analysis firm CoreLogic said in a new report released on Thursday that the U.S. metropolitan area at greatest …
Powerful storms damage homes in Colo., Wyo.
AP - Fri, Jun 8, 2012 11:29 PM EDT
A rare, quarter-mile-wide tornado cut a swath across mainly open country in southeastern Wyoming, ripping off roofs and shingles, destroying outbuildings and derailing … More »Powerful storms damage homes in Colo., Wyo.
A rare, quarter-mile-wide tornado cut a swath across mainly open country in southeastern Wyoming, ripping off roofs and shingles, destroying outbuildings and derailing empty train cars.
