Please review the iOS Education Deployment Guide:
http://www.apple.com/education/resources/information-technology.html
Who Should Attend?
Anyone on the technical side of an educational institution will benefit from this deep dive into several of the tools and strategies available to manage both content and the devices themselves. While Apple does have separate events for the teacher/curriculum side, this event is specifically focused on the technical side.  Leadership is encouraged to attend!
While this is a free event, you MUST register to attend.
Location Instructions
Driving:
From North of Boston
From Route 93 take exit 26, Leverett Connector/Storrow Drive, and follow to the Copley Square exit on the left. Take a right onto Beacon Street and follow to Exeter Street. Take a left onto Exeter Street and follow 4 blocks. The Prudential Center Garage will be on the right.
From West of Boston
Follow the Mass Pike eastbound into Boston (the Mass Pike is accessible from Route 128/I-95). Get off at exit 22, Copley Square/Prudential Center. Follow signs for Prudential Center. This will take you directly to the Prudential Center Garage entrance, which will be on your right.
From South of Boston
From Route 93 take exit 18, Massachusetts Avenue. Follow sign to Massachusetts Avenue and turn right. Follow Massachusetts Avenue for about 2 miles to Huntington Avenue. Take a right on Huntington Avenue. Take a left on Belvidere Street. The Prudential Center garage entrance will be on your right before Sovereign Bank.
From Logan Airport
Access Boston via the Sumner Tunnel and exit onto Route 93 North. Take exit 26, Leverett Connector/Storrow Drive, and follow to the Copley Square exit on the left. Take a right onto Beacon Street and follow to Exeter Street. Take a left onto Exeter Street and follow 4 blocks. The Prudential Center Garage will be on the right.
MBTA Bus and Subway:
MBTA Green Line
For 'E' trains only, please use Prudential Station on Huntington Avenue.
For all other Green Line trains, please use Copley Station on Boylston Street at Dartmouth Street (next to the Boston Public Library) or Hynes Convention Center Station on Massachusetts Avenue at Newbury Street.
MBTA Orange Line
