Center of Science and Industry
Situated in the Columbus, OH area, Center of Science and Industry is a member of the Non-Profit industry. Their Lead411 profile provides quality data containing valuable information like cfo info, social data, linkedin urls, other contacts, and data points on Center of Science and Industry's CEO Michelle Adams . If you need to send messages to Center of Science and Industry email addresses, you can find those addresses here attached to their domain of @cosi.org. So far, Center of Science and Industry has greater than 100 employees and annually registers more than ten million in income. At this time, there are 0 jobs up on their site, but those who are employed with them at this time have salaries within the range of $53490.
West Boylston
The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, cfo contacts, and West Boylston email addresses with the domain of @westboylston.com. With greater than 100 employed indivduals, West Boylston's annual revenue amount more than five million. Their employees average a salary of $56315 and as of this time, there are 0 jobs available, within the company.  West Boylston, a Non-Profit company has its main office in West Boylston, MA.
Washington State Convention & Trade Center
Washington State Convention & Trade Center, a company that works within the Non-Profit, industry, has greater than 50 employees, with the company netting more than fifty million in yearly revenues. This Seattle, WA-based business has 0 job openings at this time with their staff earning wages of about $68873. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant data such as cfo contacts, linkedin data, and Washington State Convention & Trade Center email addresses with the @wsctc.com domain. They have their head office in Seattle, WA.
North Palos School District 117
Looking for company data regarding North Palos School District 117's CEO or CFO? North Palos School District 117 are part of the Non-Profit field and are located in the area of Palos Hills, IL. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include North Palos School District 117 email addresses marked by the domain @npd117.net. Other information could contain cfo names, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles. This company has greater than 250 employees and averages yearly earnings of more than twenty million. At this time their website indicates that there are 0 employment opportunities within North Palos School District 117, but those currently with them gross salaries ranging within $51831.
Lake Norman
At present there are 0 available employment opportunities at Lake Norman while those who are currently employed earn about $63687. This Non-Profit firm has its headquarters in Cornelius, NC. They bring in more than five million in yearly revenue and have greater than 20 employees.  If you wish to get in touch with Lake Norman's CEO Bill Russell , you can look into their Lead411 profile, where you can find helpful contact information, cfo employees, linkedin usernames, as well as Lake Norman email addresses with the domain @lakenorman.com.
CEO Reference:
Harold Apple - If you need @ihie.com email addresses for Indiana Health Information Exchange, you can find them on Lead411 as Harold Apple's email might be available. Harold Apple, the company’s President/CEO, also has extensive data on the site, including Indiana Health Information Exchange's facebook account, linkedin url, and biography. Indianapolis, IN-based Indiana Health Information Exchange can be found on Lead411 under the Non-Profit industry. The company's CEO is Harold Apple .
© Copyright 2011 Lead411. All Rights Reserved.
Add Company | Companies | People | Business Lists | Contact | Terms
 About Lead411
Company Profiles are from the web and human oversight.  Managers (e.g. Harold Apple ) include Indiana Health Information Exchange CEO, CFO, VP, and Vice President.  Be sure to check our linkedin tab and directory which we also include twitter, google plus, and facebook soon.  70% of our management contacts have executive email addresses. Look above for a Indiana Health Information Exchange email format - @ihie.com.
