Apple to Open Retail Store in Boston on Thursday, May 15, 2008
* Reuters is not responsible for the content in this press release.
Mon May 12, 2008 8:30am EDT
Media Preview      What:     A preview of the new Apple(R) Retail Store on Boylston Street for     accredited media      When:     Wednesday, May 14, 2008 at 11:00 a.m. EDT      Where:     Apple Store(R) Boylston Street     815 Boylston St.     Boston, MA 02116      Accredited journalists may confirm their attendance by calling     (408) 974-2046.      Grand Opening      The Apple Store Boylston Street will open to the public on Thursday, May 15, 2008 at 6:00 p.m. EDT.     The Apple Retail Store is the best place to learn about all the latest products from Apple including the all-new MacBook Air(TM), the world's thinnest notebook featuring a stunning 13.3-inch widescreen display with a full-size keyboard and built-in iSight(R) video camera. The hands-on Apple Retail Store experience gives customers a chance to test-drive Apple's entire product line including iPod(R) touch, the best Wi-Fi mobile device in the world, and the iPhone(TM) which combines three devices into one -- a mobile phone, a widescreen iPod, and the best mobile Internet device ever -- all based on Apple's revolutionary Multi-Touch(TM) interface and pioneering software that allows users to control iPhone with just a tap, flick or pinch of their fingers.     Every Apple Retail Store offers personal training through Apple's new One to One program with in-depth sessions on a wide range of topics, from getting started with a Mac(R) or iPod to advancing your moviemaking or digital photography skills. Visitors to Apple Retail Stores can also take advantage of free services from the most knowledgeable people around, including face-to-face support and creative help at the Genius Bar, plus workshops and special programs for kids.     Additional information about Apple's retail stores is available at http://www.apple.com/retail.     Apple ignited the personal computer revolution in the 1970s with the Apple II and reinvented the personal computer in the 1980s with the Macintosh. Today, Apple continues to lead the industry in innovation with its award-winning computers, OS X operating system and iLife and professional applications. Apple is also spearheading the digital media revolution with its iPod portable music and video players and iTunes online store, and has entered the mobile phone market with its revolutionary iPhone.     Press Contact:     Amy Barney     Apple     (408) 974-2046     abarney@apple.com      NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple's PR website (http://www.apple.com/pr/), or call Apple's Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.     (C) 2008 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, Apple Store, MacBook Air, iSight, iPod, iPhone and Multi-Touch are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. SOURCE  Apple
