Contractor:
Shawmut Design & Construction
Designed by the Boston Wharf Company's architect Morton D. Safford, 311-319 Summer Street is a splendid example of Classical Revival Style.  Built in 1904, it was one of the early commercial buildings in the Boston Wharf District and was home to the Dwinell-Wright Coffee Company, one of America's largest coffee producers of its time.  In a publication printed for its September 1904 opening day, the building is referred to as the "Most Modern Coffee Factory in the World!"  Dwinell-Wright was so proud of it they created illustrations to use on their coffee cans and shipping crates.
These renderings indicate the importance of this period in the evolution of the American mercantile tradition and the significance that modernization, industrialization, and transportation played in the history of Boston and the Northeast.  Plainly in view are trains, trolley cars, donkey carts and the first horseless carriages, a watershed in transportation and modernization.  The company eventually falling into decline, the building became home to the Forte, Dupee, Sawyer Textile Company that flourished during the Wool Row heyday and was the last remaining wool company in Boston when they left the building in 2000.
ADD Inc. purchased the property in 2007 and sensitively preserved the historic character of the building, while repositioning it for use as its new offices.  Using the latest sustainable design techniques, while respecting the historic fabric of the building, ADD Inc. rehabilitated 311 Summer Street so that it can once again be home to the most contemporary technology within a building that is beautifully restored.  When certified by the US Green Building Council it will be one of very few LEED Gold Commercial Interiors in Boston.
Photo courtesy of Shawmut Design & Construction
Apple Boylston Street Flagship Store, Back Bay
815 Boylston Street
Apple, Inc & Elaine Alexander, Heritage Legacy, LLC
Architect:
Construction Manager:
Shawmut Design & Construction
In the mid- to late-nineteenth century Boylston Street marked the edge of Boston's Back Bay and was a lively commercial throughway.  The tradition continues today, and it is on this historic street within the Back Bay Architectural District that Apple Inc. chose to open its largest retail store in the United States.
To help Apple and its architects, Bohlin Cywinski Jackson, navigate a difficult site, Boston permitting and Back Bay Architectural Commission (BBAC) regulations, it turned to Shawmut Design and Construction, McDermott, Quilty & Miller, LLP, and Boston Affiliates, Inc.  Fifteen months of review led to construction, as well as some unique challenges.  The resulting cutting-edge building within the Back Bay District represents a victory for Boston's permitting and design review process.
Apple's worldwide design concept was for a completely "transparent" all glass building that would express in its horizontality the functions within it.  The BAAC worked closely with Apple's Boston team to incorporate vertical elements respecting the traditional rhythms of Back Bay buildings without compromising the innovative nature of the store.  It features two floors of retail and one of technical support service organized around a three-story glass staircase. This is held within a cantilevered glass curtainwall façade that is one of the most advanced structural storefront systems in the world and includes advanced materials from France, Germany, Italy and Japan. With a living green roof for eco-friendly insulation, the new Apple flagship in Boston is one of the most innovatively designed Apple stores in the world.
Photo courtesy of Winn Development
Baker Square (Lofts at Lower Mills), Dorchester
1425 Adams Street
Baker Square II Limited Partnership
Developer:
Architect:
The Architectural Team
The Baker Chocolate Company was established by James Baker & John Hannon in 1765, in Milton, Massachusetts and in 1806 was expanded into Dorchester. By the turn of the twentieth century Baker Chocolate was the dominant presence in the Lower Mills area of the Neponset River. In 1965 the business relocated to Dover, Delaware, leaving over fourteen acres of land and buildings vacant and abandoned.  For the past twenty years the former Baker Chocolate Mills Complex has been under extensive renovation.  Baker Mill and the Carriage House were among the last derelict and crumbling mills to be restored.
The Baker Square project involves the adaptive reuse of two buildings located in the former Baker Chocolate complex.  Winn Development and The Architectural Team preserved the historic character of the buildings while creating sixty, one- and two-bedroom units of high-quality rental housing, 10 percent of which are affordable. The units feature high ceilings and exposed brick walls and beams. A public path along the Neponset River, complete with a canoe launch was also created.  Thanks to Winn Development and its development team, Baker Mill and the Carriage House have been carefully restored and reflect their original beauty.  Their preservation was a major step in completing the rehabilitation of the mills that made up the historic Baker Chocolate factory.
Photo courtesy of Tom Kessler
MBTA Charles/MGH Red Line Station, Beacon Hill
Charles Circle
