Hub customers mourn passing
October 06, 2011|By Miriam Valverde, Globe Correspondent
After learning of the death of Steve Jobs, Apple Inc.’s cofounder and former chief executive, many Apple customers and admirers of his groundbreaking innovations expressed sympathy and sorrow for his loss last night, a man some dubbed as the Thomas Edison and Leonardo da Vinci of our time.
“He was my generation’s Edison,’’ said Brad Lackey, 57, of New Hampshire. “Jobs had a vision that very few of us had. He was such an innovator, but like the rest of us, mortal. His legacy will definitely live on.’’
Last night, Lackey stood outside the Apple store on Boylston Street, looking through the glass wall at customers hunched over tables testing the company’s products. Lackey said that although he does not own any Apple products, he is well aware of the company’s success and of Jobs’ leadership.
An image of Jobs in a black turtleneck, looking straight ahead, with his left hand touching his chin, was displayed on Apple’s website home page last night. Next to his photo were the words: Steve Jobs, 1955-2011.
Lee Sing-e, 34, visiting from London, said she was saddened and shocked by the news. She called Jobs a “very inspirational person who created products way smarter than any other products in the market.’’
Sing-e said she owns a MacBook computer and plans to continue using Apple products, though she is curious to see how the company will change.
Felwa Albazie of Boston said she heard of the 56-year-old’s death as her friends spread the news through the social media sites Twitter and Facebook.
“I feel awful; Jobs introduced our generation to technology,’’ said Albazie, 26, an iPhone 3GS and MacBook owner.
Some customers walking out of the store said they heard about the death, which was announced last night as Jobs’s image was displayed on computers inside.
“Oh my God, I can’t believe it,’’ said Cheng-Cheng Yang, 21, of Boston. “It’s so sad.’’
Yang said she heard the news just as she was getting to the store to repair her MacBook.
“I feel like he’s the current version of Leonardo da Vinci, because he makes the perfect combination of mechanics and beauty,’’ Yang said.
Flowers were placed outside the Boylston Street store last night.
“It is the least I can do for a man that has done so much’’, said Angelos Nicolaou, 23, of Boston, who placed three bouquets of daisies and a photo of Jobs outside the store. Nicolaou said he has been a user of Apple products since he was 15.
Some were not shocked by Jobs’s passing, given his battle with cancer and recent resignation as chief executive.
“He will definitely be remembered as one of the most influential men of the century,’’ Nicolaou said, as he gazed at customers roaming through the store.
Miriam Valverde can be reached at mvalverde@globe.com.
Advertisement
