Follow AskMen on Twitter .
While many pundits may have questioned Apple 's decision to open a series of retail stores back in 2001, time has shown that it was an incredibly smart move by the company for building brand recognition and boosting Mac adoption. Now, with over 283 locations in 10 countries, these unique outlets act as temples for Apple fanatics around the world, serving an average of 12,700 visitors per week, per store.
Like their products, each Apple Store is designed to capture the eyes of consumers and enhance Apple's reputation as the purveyor of all things cool. To emphasize this point, we’re giving our top 10 picks for the best Apple Stores in the world. As you'll see, each of the following Apple Stores has its own distinctive elements that separate it from the rest of the run-of-the-mill mall-store pack. These stores serve as flagship home bases for the company as it expands throughout the globe.
No. 10 Miami Lincoln Road Store
Designed to emulate the Art Deco architectural style Miami is known for, the Lincoln Road Apple Store front was built to reflect its pedestrian mall's original architecture. The façade consists of two squared-off white plaster columns sandwiching a set of arched windows that sit below a corrugated panel featuring the classic Apple logo. While it may not have many other claims to fame, it's a prime example of how Apple is willing to deviate from its traditional modern store designs in order to build something more appropriate to the area, while still being visually striking.
No. 9 Beijing Store, China
This store is the first location Apple opened in mainland China , and it’s located in the capital's Sanlitun Village shopping development. While it isn't very big (about the size of a typical U.S. mall store), it's known for its big "box" structure, which is only a facade. Its actual dimensions are those of a trapezoid. Besides representing Apple's first move into a major Chinese consumer market, the location is an interesting selection since it's clearly aimed at locals and not visiting tourists, signifying Apple has every intention of converting the Chinese into loyal Mac users.
No. 8 Scottsdale Quarter, Scottsdale
Scottsdale may sound like one of the least glamorous places to build an Apple Store, but the design of this location gives it a serious boost over others around the world. Distinguished by identical floor-to-ceiling glass storefronts on each of its ends and a 75-foot skylight, casually it's described as a giant glass box in the middle of the desert. Size-wise, it features roomy 30-foot ceilings and over 5,500-square-feet of space, meaning it could store two F/A-18C Hornet jet fighters end to end. Practically speaking, this allows the store to host a 50-foot long Genius Bar, which happens to be four feet longer than the one found in the London Regent Street location, which is the largest Apple Store in the world.
No. 7 New York City, Upper West Side
Opened in November 2009, the Upper West Side Apple Store is defined by its enormous glass storefront entrance that is filled with sunlight during the day and illuminated for all to see at night, even from several blocks away. The amount of stone used to build this store is reported by ifoApplestore.com to eclipse any previous Apple Store project, which is part of the reason the store holds the title as the most expensive one to build. The building permit to start construction is stated to have cost $27 million alone, even before the first stone was set down.
No. 6 Boylston Street Store, Boston
The Boylston Street location in Boston is the largest Apple Store in the U.S., which Apple claims as having over 20,000-square-feet of retail space, although this stat has been hotly debated among those who care about this sort of claim. From the street it's defined by three stories of modern glass storefront that are typical of Apple Store designs. Besides plenty of shelf space for products, though, the store also features a unique roof that's home to a garden.
No. 5 George Street, Sydney, Australia
This store is the second-biggest Apple Store in the world and features the longest Genius Bar of any location, slightly beating out the Regent Street location in London. A more interesting claim to fame, though, is that it boasts the largest Apple logo in the world, and the largest seamless glass panes in its storefront. So there's no mistaking that you’re in front of an Apple Store when walking around the area.
No. 4 Apple Ginza, Tokyo, Japan
Apple's five-story store located in the Ginza district of Tokyo was the first store to be built outside of the United States back in 2003, and is the tallest store in the chain. Much of its staff was originally trained in Cupertino, and as a group they represent one of the most highly trained groups in the company, with many speaking over 10 languages. Architecturally, this location is known for its unique elevator (there are no buttons and it has advanced floor-by-floor informational displays).
No. 3 Opéra Store, Paris, France
Unlike many of the other stores that are known for modern glass and metal detailing, the Paris Opéra store sits in a building created over 130 years ago that was painstakingly restored by Apple. Covered in end-to-end details, visitors will see mosaic floor tiling and sculpted ceilings. Overall its combination of brass and stonework is like no other location in the world, making it a must-see despite its relatively small size compared to Apple's other high-profile locations.
No. 2 Fifth Avenue, New York City
This Apple Store is one of the most recognizable locations on earth partly because its iconic glass, cube entrance serves as a constant backdrop in news features covering Apple fans waiting in line to pick up the latest Apple product. Its location on the corner where New York 's Central Park meets Fifth Avenue also attracts visits from tourists from all over the world, who literally cram inside 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, for a glimpse at the store's completely underground floor space. Interestingly enough, it's actually the 147th store built by the company and is quite small compared to most of the stores throughout the world.
No. 1 Regent Street London, England
The biggest claim to fame that Apple's Regent Street store in London can make is the fact that it’s the largest Apple Store in the world. Created as the 99th store with over 28,000-square feet of selling space, it also happens to be located in a historical building that formerly housed the famous Thomas Cook Travel Agency, and is owned by the English monarchy. Put differently, when Queen Elizabeth wants to jam out on the latest iPod, she buys it here.
honorable mention
The curtain was just removed from the Apple Store built in Shanghai's Pudong district that opened over the weekend. It features a cylindrical glass tower standing in the middle of a large circular basin that sits above the store's underground floors. Clearly taking cues from the Fifth Avenue location in NYC, it even features an identical suspended Apple logo and connecting hardware, and is certainly one of the most dramatic designs the company has built -- especially when seen aerially, wedged between two skyscrapers.
