Make a reservation
A fun, free workshop where kids become filmmakers.
At Apple Camp, kids ages 8-12 learn how to shoot their own footage, create an original song in GarageBand on an iPad, and put it all together in iMovie on a Mac. This free workshop, held at Apple Retail Stores, spans three days and ends with campers debuting their masterpieces at the Apple Camp Film Festival. Space is limited and workshops fill up quickly, so sign up now for a super-creative adventure.*
Find an Apple Store near you and sign up today.
Select a Store
What to Bring
A Mac, a digital camera or digital video camera, and earphones (if you’ve got them)
The Apple Retail Store where you attend Apple Camp will supply all the necessary tools to create your film. However, we encourage campers to bring their own Mac with OS X installed, a digital or video camera, and earphones. This helps campers become more familiar with their own cameras as they shoot film footage outside the store.
Parent or guardian and forms
All campers under the age of 13 must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian for the duration of the Apple Camp workshop. Campers must also bring along a signed Camp Permission Statement (PDF) and a copy of their registration confirmation to attend.
Please visit our Youth Programs website for a listing of year-round youth and student programs at the Apple Store.
Day One (1.5 hours)
Get an introduction to the basics of moviemaking, including creating a storyboard.
Create an original soundtrack by making a song in GarageBand on an iPad.
Prepare for shooting footage outside the store overnight or inside the store at the end of the workshop.
On day one, Apple Camp also includes an optional, one-hour Parents Workshop that will focus on using and setting parental controls on the Mac. Registration is not required.
Day Two (1.5 hours)
Get an introduction to iMovie — simple-to-use moviemaking software.
Use a Mac to import and edit collected movie footage, incorporating stills and music.
Create a film.
With guidance from Apple Camp Counselors, kids will use iMovie — part of the iLife suite of creativity applications built into every Mac — to create, edit, and produce their films.
Day Three (Saturday morning, 1.5 hours)
Film Festival
Kids will have the opportunity to showcase their movies to invited parents, relatives, and friends. Participation in the festival is optional.  Campers can take their completed movies home at the end of day two, if they prefer.
* Space is limited and available on a first-come, first-served basis. Each child is limited to no more than one (1) Apple Camp workshop.
