Apple Innovation & Steve Jobs Case studies, Best practices, Insights, eBook, Ideas, Success stories, News, Articles and Blog (NASDAQ: AAPL)
Saturday, June 12, 2010
Apple iPhone 4 - New Design Innovations
" When creating iPhone 4, Apple designers and engineers didn’t start with a  clean sheet of paper. They started with three years of experience  designing and building the phones that redefined what a phone can do.  iPhone 4 is the result of everything they’ve learned so far.
And it’s  all contained in a beautiful enclosure a mere 9.3 millimeters thin,  making iPhone 4 the world’s thinnest smartphone."
Engineered Glass
"All the breakthrough technology in iPhone 4 is situated between  two glossy panels of aluminosilicate glass — the same type of glass used  in the windshields of helicopters and high-speed trains. Chemically  strengthened to be 20 times stiffer and 30 times harder than plastic,  the glass is ultradurable and more scratch resistant than ever. It’s  also recyclable."
Retina Display
"The 960-by-640 backlit LCD display boasts a pixel density of 326  pixels per inch, making it the highest-resolution phone screen ever. To  achieve this, Apple engineers developed pixels so small — a mere 78  micrometers across — that the human eye can’t distinguish individual  pixels. That makes text remarkably sharp and graphics incredibly vivid.  IPS technology also provides excellent color and contrast from almost  any viewing angle."
Stainless Steel Band
"Created from our own alloy, then forged to be five times stronger than  standard steel, the CNC-machined band is the mounting point for all the  components of iPhone 4. The band provides impressive structural rigidity  and allows for its incredibly thin, refined design. It also functions  as both iPhone 4 antennas."
Apple A4 Processor
"Apple engineers designed the A4 chip to be a remarkably powerful yet  remarkably power-efficient mobile processor. With it, iPhone 4 can  easily perform complex jobs such as multitasking, editing video, and  placing FaceTime calls. All while maximizing battery life."
Advanced Gyro + Accelerometer
"iPhone 4 includes a built-in three-axis gyroscope. When paired with the  accelerometer, it makes iPhone 4 capable of advanced motion sensing such  as user acceleration, full 3D attitude, and rotation rate. Translation:  More motion gestures and greater precision for an even better gaming  experience."
Innovative Camera and LED
"The iPhone 4 camera shoots gorgeous 5-megapixel photos and stunning HD  video. And with its advanced backside illumination sensor, it captures  beautiful images even in low-light settings. The built-in LED flash does  double duty. When you’re taking pictures, it works as a flash. When  you’re shooting video it can stay on to light up the scene. And on the  front of iPhone 4, the built-in camera is perfect for making FaceTime  calls and shooting self-portraits."
Dual Mic + Speaker
"While most phones have only one microphone, iPhone 4 has two. The main  mic, located on the bottom next to the dock connector, is for phone  calls, voice commands, and memos. The second mic, built into the top  near the headphone jack, is for FaceTime calls and for making your phone  calls better. It works with the main mic to suppress unwanted and  distracting background sounds, such as music and loud conversations.  This dual-mic noise suppression helps make every conversation a quiet  one."
Hyper Multi-Touch
"With its large Multi-Touch display and innovative software, iPhone lets  you control everything using just your fingers. How does it work? A  panel laminated on the glass senses your touch using electrical fields.  It can register multiple touches at once to support advanced gestures  such as pinch to zoom, two-finger tap, and more. The panel then  transmits the information to the Retina display below it."
Bottomline:
Apple iPhone 4 has leapfrogged the competition in a big way... It will take mere mortals at least one to two years to catch up to the latest iPhone 4 features & functions.  But to overtake iPhone 4, well that's another story.  Importantly, Apple has created an amazing engineering feat with the latest iPhone 4 that possibly makes it the best designed iPhone to date.  Steve Jobs will agree...
iPhone Units & Revenue Growth
The new iPhone 4.0 will accelerate the stalled iPhone Units & Revenue Growth beginning the current quarter (assuming iPhone 4.0 goes on sale on June 24), and jumping in the subsequent quarters.  Importantly, the new iPhone 4.0 will contribute at least $2 billion in new business for Apple during the first 4 quarters of launch. That's another successful innovation from Apple.  Would it fend off the onslaught of Google Android devices, and the impressive success of surging HTC, Motorola, LG, Samsung and others remains to be seen...
How does Apple, the #1 innovative company  in the world, innovate and create game-changing innovations such as the  iPod, iTunes, iPhone, iPad and more? What is Apple's secret recipe for  innovation success?
What is Apple's Innovation  Strategy? Download these Apple Innovation eBook insights and learn to be  like Apple... like Steve Jobs, the innovator and CEO of Apple.
"There's an old Wayne Gretzky quote
that I love. 'I skate to where the puck
is going to be, not where it has been.'
And  we've always tried to do that at
Apple. Since the very very  beginning.
And we always will." -Steve Jobs
Apple  innovates through:
