Newly Renovated Lakefront Home on Lake Waushacum.  Drive out into the country & enjoy your vacation in our home away from home.   Located adjacent to the town beach where you will find sand volleyball, basketball, & lifeguard beach just a stroll d...
From $2,100 Weekly
4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, sleeps 8
2.68 miles from the center of Boylston
In the historic town of Lancaster this 50 acre working farm paradise provides incredible views and beautiful grounds to wander through during your visit.  Surrounded by history, beauty and easy access to culture and entertainment, you will find th...
From $1,195 Weekly
3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, sleeps 5
4.04 miles from the center of Boylston
Easy access to athletic club and downtown area.  Excellent hiking, biking and swimming as well as tennis and golf.  Winter activities include alpine skiing at the valley's own Waterville Valley Ski Resort (free shuttle available in front of the pr...
From $950 Weekly
3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, sleeps 6
4.45 miles from the center of Boylston
Lakefront living in modern luxury
Enjoy lakefront living at its finest. Jump off your own dock into warm, clear, water. The Adirondak chairs on the dock and deck provide easy resting with gorgeous views. The Roman Arch two-person quilted hammock is a joy for resting and reading! E...
From $1,200 Weekly
3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, sleeps 8
8.52 miles from the center of Boylston
Property overlooks Worcester Art Museum and WPI campus. Many restaurants and cafes within a short walk.  Twelve restaurants within two blocks. Hanover Theatre Tuckerman Hall *Memorial Hospital  *St Vincent Hospital *DCU Center *Institute Park *Elm...
From $299 Daily
3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, sleeps 8
9.73 miles from the center of Boylston
Great property only 2 blocks from Falmouth Heights beach, a great Cape Cod vacation spot.  BEDS:Level #1: Bedroom #1-Queen; Bedroom #2-Two twins; Level #2 Bedroom #3-Queen & Two twins Bedroom #4-Queen & two twins
vacation rental
13.85 miles from the center of Boylston
Nearby Activities
A Cross-Country Outing
Weston, MA
Boston is beautiful in the snow, but the white stuff tends to melt away when a warming wind blows in off the ocean. But just a few miles inland, the blanket of snow tends to stay put. This day trip takes advantage of winter just outside the city, whe…
Barre, Massachusetts, and the Rural Heartland
Barre, MA
A rural heartland of small towns, farmland, and apple country spreads out across all of Worcester County from the Route 495 beltway, near the town of Harvard, all the way west to the Quabbin Reservoir. Here you’ll find town greens that look the same …
Blackstone River Valley, Rhode Island, and Woonsocket Area
Woonsocket, RI
The city of Woonsocket shares Providence’s urban setting but is much more firmly tied to the Industrial Revolution than her southern sister. The river waters surging through the Blackstone Gorge made Woonsocket a center for mill industry during the n…
Borderlands around Nashua and Hudson, New Hampshire
Nashua, NH
Although it is the state’s second largest city, Nashua is as rarely explored as the backroads that surround it. An early manufacturing city, it retains much of its mill yard area and the canal that provided the 36-foot vertical drop needed to run the…
Central Massachusetts (Including Concord, Fitchburg, Gardner, and Worcester)
Concord, MA
Head west from Boston toward Massachusetts’s middle, and you’ll discover areas both well traveled and little known. In the triangle bounded on the north by Route 2 and on the south by the Massachusetts Turnpike, and extending from Boston for about 60…
Nearby Cities
