Fall Foliage Destinations >>> Belkin Lookout Farm, Natick, MA
Belkin Family Lookout Farm Gets to the "Core" of Great Apple Picking
by Eric H.
SOUTH NATICK, MA. (New England USA) --"Hey everybody, let's go apple picking!"
That often-used, feel-good New England autumn phrase sounds good, but sometimes the thought of apple picking is better than going to the orchard to actually pick apples. So many apple orchards have leftovers that are no improvement over the store bought kinds brought in from 7,000 miles away. The walk to the orchards from the parking can also seem like 7,000 miles away. The alternative of taking one of those hay wagons to the field can result in a ride so bumpy that your voice is still shaking during the Thanksgiving Day feast.
Apple picking usually results in bringing home about 100 apples that sit in the back mud room for months. The apples eventually convert into myriad apple pies, just in time for the next 10 Thanksgivings.
The people at Belkin Family Lookout Farm (formerly Marino Lookout Farm), most likely, realized the limits of apple picking and decided to do something about it. First, they built a colorful, toy-like train to take visitors through the huge field, which sports ample, high-quality, well cultivated Ginger Gold (starting in August), Gala, Honey Crisp, Red Delicious, Macoun, Macintosh, Golden Delicious, Jonagold and Fuji. Additionally, Belkin Family Lookout Farm offers peaches, nectartines and Asian pears.
The train rides well and the drivers take the effort to pick you up when finished -- something that does not always happen the same day with those hay wagons.
Throw in the mix a farmer's market, petting zoo animals, train rides, pony rides, a bee observatory, birthday parties, guided tours, a terrific small market with their wonderful produce, and, suddenly the whole, unique experience becomes the apple of one's eyes.
Belkin Family Lookout Farm is recognized as the oldest working farm in the country, dating back to the late 1600s. Located in beautiful, rural South Natick, Belkin Family Lookout Farm is not too far from Boston, Lexington and Concord. Despite its proximity to highly-populated areas, being at the farm feels like being in the middle of rural New Hampshire with its rolling, expansive fields and endless rural beauty.
When the day ends at Beklin Family Lookout Farm, one will be able to say with all sincerity the next year, "Hey, everybody, let's go apple picking!"
89 Pleasant Street, South Natick, MA
Phone: (508) 653-0653
 
Other highly-recommended Massachusetts apple picking orchards:
Great apple orchards dot the Route 117 in east central Massachusetts and vicinity landscape. Bolton Orchards has a never-ending apple field in a rural setting, seemingly a million miles from civilization (but in reality, a half hour to Worcester and 45 minutes to Boston). Twenty five varieties of apples can be found in the expansive field. They also have a great farm stand and gift shop.
Near Bolton Orchards is Nashoba Valley Winery, with a 52-acre apple orchard, wine tasting tours, and J's Restaurant, a rustic farmhouse known for its sophisticated offerings, farm fresh vegetables and award-winning wines. The setting represents the best of rural New England with its gentle rolling farmland.
Carlson Orchards and Doe Orchards offer fine apple picking facilities in Harvard, one of New England's true gems. After apple picking, it's worth a visit to the town center that consists of a general store, a beautiful lake, the best of colonial homes, and a cool village green -- ideal for sitting under a colorful tree and reading a book.
Doe Orchards 327 Ayer Rd., Route 110/111, Harvard, MA. Tel. (978)772-4139
Carlson's Orchards 115 Oak Hill Rd., Harvard, MA. Tel. (800) 286-3916
Bolton Orchards, 125 Still River Rd. (Jct. 110 & 117) Bolton, MA. Tel. (978) 779-2733
Nashoba Valley Winery 100 Wattaquadoc Hill Rd. - Bolton MA. Tel. (978)779-5521
