info@macuity.com
“Macuity has become our "go to" company for both regular maintenance and emergency fixes. After years of working with a variety of IT providers, we have found one in Macuity that understands the clients needs, budget and provides us with technology that fits our needs, not a technologists'.”
Greg Conyngham, President
Integrated CADD Services
“Our industry requires us to be up to speed - technology wise - at all times. With Macuity, I never have to worry about this. Macuity is run by the kind of knowledgeable, friendly and problem solving folks you want to have in your corner at all times. I would highly recommend them to any business.”
Peter Rinnig, Owner
QRST's
“Macuity has made it possible to focus on our painstaking work, knowing that our Macs run efficiently and properly. They have been instrumental in helping us to run our company smoothly. Their staff is extremely knowledgeable, patient and efficient. It is a good feeling to know that we can rely on Macuity for all our IT needs.”
Roberto Rosa, Vice President
Serpentino Stained Glass, Inc.
“Macuity was critical in designing our IT systems. They made themselves available during our early-development stage, and their outstanding expertise and commitment to quality has been crucial in helping us grow. They are easy to work with, and, unlike many IT companies, provide an extremely personable approach.”
Daniel Rafferty, Vice President, Business Development
Natural Currents New England, Inc.
“Since working with Macuity, our IT systems have been operating perfectly. Their service, business solutions and dedication to our company are truly appreciated, and their "on-call" availability and service is unparalleled. As a Boston-based design firm, we would highly recommend Macuity to any Mac-based company.”
Thomas G. J. Trykowski, Principal
Silverman Trykowski Associates, Inc.
“Macuity has been able to solve our longstanding issues that none of the previous IT companies could. In addition, these guys are very engaging, service-oriented and can easily explain complex technical jargon. They have helped us maintain our network and streamline our technology needs. At last, a fabulous match!”
Gary Shea, President
Fleming Printing Co.
“Macuity has been instrumental in moving us forward in implementing new technology solutions. They have been able to problem solve issues that were considered unsolvable by our previous IT company, in a fraction of the time. Macuity really understands our business needs and we are fortunate to be partnered with them.”
Rebecca Marston, President
Marston Beacon Hill Co.
“As a managing partner of a boutique management-consulting firm, we have struggled to find support that is sophisticated enough to bring a high level of knowledge and experience yet agile enough to be attentive and available to a client of our size. Macuity has fit that bill perfectly.”
Donald Leopold, Managing Partner
Sherbrooke Partners, LLC
  
Copyright © 2011 Macuity, LLC. All rights reserved. Macuity, LLC  | 490 Virginia Road, Suite 9 | Concord, MA 01742
