104B-4 Changes in microbial loads and aroma compounds in refrigerated apple cider
104B-4
Changes in microbial loads and aroma compounds in refrigerated apple cider
P. DEOL1, T. D. Boylston2, B. A. Glatz2, and L. A. Wilson2. (1) Dept. of Food Science and Human Nutrition, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, (2) Dept. of Food Science & Human Nutrition, Iowa State Univ., 2547 Food Sciences Bldg., Ames, IA 50011-1061
Pasteurization treatments and addition of antimicrobial compounds are currently being incorporated in apple cider processing to ensure safety of the final product. Although these treatments effectively inhibit growth of pathogenic microorganisms, they adversely affect flavor characteristics of apple cider.
The objective of this research was to determine effects of pasteurization, sorbate addition, and storage on microbiological and aroma quality of apple cider.
Raw and pasteurized ciders with and without preservative (0.1% potassium sorbate) from three different processors were stored at 7°C for 8 weeks.  The processors used different time-temperature treatments for pasteurization.  Microbial and aroma analyses were conducted at 2-week intervals.  Aerobic, mesophilic bacteria, yeasts and molds, and coliforms were enumerated on suitable media to detect microbial changes. Aroma profiles were monitored by gas chromatography and electronic nose techniques
Microbial counts in raw cider exceeded 106 per ml within 2 weeks, while pasteurized cider with preservative had counts below 106 per ml for 8 weeks.  Coliforms were not detected in pasteurized cider throughout storage. While initial microbial counts were similar for cider from the three producers, at the end of storage, microbial counts in cider were inversely related to heat treatment.  Storage time, processor, and treatment affected aroma profiles obtained through electronic nose and gas chromatographic analyses.  Changes in aroma compounds measured by the electronic nose were significantly correlated (r=0.70) with coliform levels.  However, no relationship could be detected between specific volatile compounds and microbial loads.  Cider with added preservative maintained higher levels of some esters, aldehydes and benzaldehyde during storage as compared to cider without preservative.
This study shows that addition of potassium sorbate and subsequent pasteurization of cider prolongs shelf life and helps in better retention of apple aroma compounds. The electronic nose can be used as a rapid method for determining coliform levels in cider.
