Boylston St. Apple store one step closer
It seems for as long as MacWorld Boston has been defunct The Steve and his …
by Jeff Smykil - Aug 16, 2006 1:23 pm UTC
It seems for as long as MacWorld Boston has been defunct, The Steve and his Apple minions have wanted to grace the tea-hurling city with one of their monstrous beautiful signature glass cube Apple stores.  Well, yesterday we learned that Apple has come one step closer to adding another store to the only region that really matters: New England.
The Back Bay Architectural Commission has given Apple the proverbial thumbs-up on their initial design for a store on the city's Boylston Street.  If approved the Apple store would join such famous landmarks as the Prudential Center, the Boston Public Library, the Boston Marathon finnish line, and the Boylston Street Green Line Station (it's for lovers).
While details are still being tweaked, Apple has generally been proposing to construct a three-story building with a green roof and a front made largely of glass after demolishing the building at 815 Boylston St. The store would be Apple's first in Boston. There are Apple stores at malls in Chestnut Hill and Cambridge and at four other Massachusetts sites.
Mayor Menino said "It's great for the city" when asked about the impending invasion of the big glass cube.  The location, pictured to the right, will have its current structure torn down and all Berklee dropouts playing for money removed before any construction can begin.  When I asked a Boston resident for comment, I was met with incomprehensible mumblings about "cahs, Havahd Yahd, those damn New Yokahs and the Chales." This was immediately followed by a number of grumblings and gestures I can't with good concience repeat here.
Apple, of course, has lots of red tape to cut through and a long period of waiting before recognizing their dream of infiltrating Boston; particularly the baseball season and the impending period after in which the entire city is consumed by bitter second guessing for much of the NFL season. Apple will no doubt make an extra push for acceptance in the few months before Major League Baseball's winter meetings start.
