© Matt Laskowski
There are many different ways to see Boston, but one of the most enjoyable is also the easiest: just walk along Boylston Street. The directions are simple enough, but the street still manages to provide a huge variety of attractions, with some of the city's best dining, parks, shopping, and sights. Boylston runs from Washington Street in Chinatown all the way west across Boston, along the Boston Common and Public Gardens , past Copley Square , the Prudential Center , through Back Bay and along parkland of the Fens .
Shopping along Boylston includes high-end stores set in an area known as Heritage on the Green, thanks to its location right across from Boston Common. It contains a strip of more expensive boutiques such as Escada, La Fontain, Sonia Rykiel and Hermes, and the luxury spa, Exhale.
Boylston's less expensive fare consists of stores like Anthropologie, Trident Booksellers, Border's, Lord & Taylor, the Apple Store, and the bargain emporium Filene's Basement. The Prudential Center provides average mall shops and there are many smaller, independent stores to check out as well.
Boylston Street is a popular place for food and drink with many traditional pubs, such as Dillon's, the Pour House, Lir's Irish pub, Solas and the Bukowski Tavern. There are many cafés where you can just sit, rest your feet and do some people watching, like at the Parish Café; or you can find French food at Sel de la Terre, Thai at the Bangkok Blue, Mexican at the Cactus Club or your basic American at Burton's Grill. If you keep walking, you're sure to find something suited perfectly to your taste.
Many of the Boston sights along Boylston are well worth seeing; you could easily spend a couple of hours in Copley Square visiting the Boston Public Library and Trinity Church. Stroll through the Public Gardens or the Fens and if you decide to curb your ambition, take one or two days to really explore Boylston Street. Public transportation is very easy, with the Green Line of the subway spanning most of Boylston's length; so if you become bored with an area, just hop on the subway for a couple of stops and find yourself in a completely new part of Boston to explore.
- Kathleen Blythe
