The San Francisco Music Scene: 1960s
The epicenter of the counter-revolution and great rock music of the 1960s and '70s was, of course, San Francisco. This will be the first of a series of discographies as part of my research for a book on American rock 'n roll. I’ve made personal notations for each band. The counterpoint to this discography will be one for the Boston folk/rock scene of the same era.
THE BEAU BRUMMELS
The Beau Brummels echoed both the best and worst of the British invasion bands from their home base of North Beach. Their hit song “Just a Little” went to number five on the record charts. Another hit for the Brummels was "Laugh, Laugh," a song that reminded of the Beatles and Peter & Gordon. A telegenic pop group, The Beau Brummels were popular on period teen TV dance shows like Hullabaloo and Shindig!
BIG BROTHER AND THE HOLDING COMPANY
One of the best bands to come out of San Francisco during this period, the Holding Company provided the perfect musical chemistry Janis Joplin needed to shine. After Big Brother and The Holding Company recorded an undistinguished self-titled album in 1967, they teamed up with Joplin to deliver an incendiary set at the The Monterey International Pop Music Festival, a venue that seemed to bring out the best from the bands that played there. Rave notices of the performance from the Monterey Festival helped build anticipation for the Big Brother/Joplin release in 1968 of Cheap Thrills, an album that went to number one. It remains one of the enduring albums of the period. Who can forget the  recordings from Cheap Thrills of "Piece of My Heart" and "Ball and Chain," and the album even featured a cover version of the George and Ira Gershwin/Dubose Heyward song "Summertime" from Porgy and Bess.
BLUE CHEER
Many critics point to power trio Blue Cheer as the inventors of heavy metal. They were certainly louder than anything else on the radio when they released their 1968 remake of Eddie Cochran's “Summertime Blues.” In their hands the song became a teenage rock anthem of the '60s.
COUNT FIVE
The Count Five's only hit, “Psychotic Reaction,” reached number five on the pop charts. Often referred to by critics as a poor man's Yardbirds, the teenage group reportedly turned down a million dollars in bookings to stay in college to avoid the Vietnam era military draft, ending its brief run at quick hit immortality.
COUNTRY JOE AND THE FISH
What would the Bay area music scene (or Woodstock) have been without Country Joe and the Fish? Who can forget a half-million people at Woodstock chanting the ``Fish cheer”? ``Feel Like I'm Fixing to Die Rag'' was another of their classic Vietnam War era protest songs.
CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL
John Fogerty turned a bluesy swamp rock sound into a string of Top 40 hits. Credence became a staple of AM radio in the 1960s and 70s. Even today songs like “Fortunate Son” continue to be revived in a timeless context.
THE ELECTRIC FLAG
After building his reputation as a guitar genius playing with the Paul Butterfield Blues Band, Mike Bloomfield moved to Mill Valley and put together what he referred to as “An American Music Band.” The band was made up of music industry veterans, including Bloomfield, Harvey Brooks, Barry Goldberg and Buddy Miles. The Electric Flag made their first public appearance at the historic Monterey International Pop Music Festival and recorded most of the soundtrack music for the Jack Nicholson penned film “The Trip” before even releasing an album.
THE GRATEFUL DEAD
House band for the Bay area and, eventually, the whole counter-culture movement, the Dead started out playing for Ken Kesey's Merry Pranksters parties and then took over The Fillmore as regular headliners. Jerry Garcia established new standards for rock guitar musicianship, incorporating into his repertoire influences that ranged from  Chuck Berry to Bill Monroe to Wes Montgomery and other jazz icons. With a mandate to explore the widest possibilities of ensemble rock improvisation, the Dead pushed the music into places it had never been before. Or since.
JIMI HENDRIX
In the 1960s, Jimi Hendrix turned rock 'n roll upside down. He even played guitar upside down (left-handed). One of the most innovative and scintillating musicians of the twentieth century, it’s easy to forget his solo career as frontman lasted only three years, beginning with the release of Are You Experienced? in 1967. After years playing in backing bands for singers like Curtis Knight and the Isley Brothers, Hendrix was lured to England by Chas Chandler of the British band The Animals. His first album was a hit as three singles (“Hey Joe,” “Purple Haze,” and “The Wind Cries Mary”) from the album immediately hit the Top Ten music charts in the UK. In the same year Are You Experienced? broke world wide as Hendrix electrified –maybe even shocked- the crowd at the The Monterey International Pop Music Festival with a bravura performance that culminated in lighting his guitar on fire. Two more studio albums, another extraordinary live performance before a massive crowd at the Woodstock concert in 1969 and then his death in 1970 from a drug overdose ensured both his continuing legend and mystery. He left behind a large collection of studio and live recordings that would continue to be released for twenty-five years after his death.
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY
Fronted by classically trained (and former violin soloist with the Utah Symphony) David LaFlamme and his wife, vocalist Linda LaFlamme, It’s A Beautiful Day’s self-titled debut album was a notable standout among the acid-rock, blues, heavy rock and psychedelic bands of the Bay area of the '60s. Their first album, It’s A Beautiful Day –and also later albums- exhibited both a fidelity to folk based progressive rock (with an operatic attitude) and the classical leanings of David LaFlamme, who wrote most of the songs. LaFlamme’s soaring electric violin led most of the songs and lent an exotic quality to the band, especially in performance. While It’s A Beautiful Day fit in well with the hippie scene of San Francisco –they could also rock like the rest of the bands- the band had a more refined sound influenced by classical structures that often were incorporated into the songs. From the first album, “White Bird” -primarily an acoustic guitar-electric violin based song, with a soaring duet by David and Linda LaFlamme- stood in stark contrast to the heavy metal classicism of grunge piano and violin on “Wasted Union Blues.” After three albums the band dissolved and management and legal problems soon relegated the former Fillmore headliners to rock relic status. As recently as 2005, LaFlamme was still embroiled in a legal dispute with the band's former manager over the rights to the band name.
JEFFERSON AIRPLANE
The poster children for the San Francisco psychedelic era broke on the radio charts with “White Rabbit,” a homage to an acid trip. They went on to record a number of influential albums, although with each album the band appeared to be going further and further out on the ledge of reality. Crown of Creation and the sci-fi influenced solo album by Paul Kantner (which included many members of Jefferson Airplane, CSN, the Grateful Dead and Quicksilver Messenger Service), Blows Against the Empire (about hippies who hijack a space ship), further eroded their Top 40 radio airplay. The band later morphed into several loose congregations of musicians, including Top 40 singles band The Jefferson Starship.
KINGSTON TRIO
Easily one of the most successful folk groups of the 1960s the Kingston Trio crossed over to Top 40 radio with a folk sound that combined stirring harmonies and bright acoustic guitars. They were also a clean cut and photogenic counterpoint to the hippie culture of the era and appeared widely on national TV variety shows. In their recordings and live performances, they  mixed traditional folk with popular and novelty songs and achieved  a success that opened the door for other folk artists to be signed by record labels.
SCOTT MCKENZIE
McKenzie joined with John Phillips to form folkie group The Journeymen. After recording three albums for Capitol Records, The Journeymen disbanded. Mckenzie and Phillips continued their partnership when McKenzie recorded a Phillips song, "San Francisco (Wear Some Flowers in Your Hair)," which shot to number one on the American and international record charts. Long considered the anthem of San Francisco's Summer of Love, and the singular song that captured the spirit and attitude of the Hippie movement, it was to be McKenzie's only number one hit. Although still occasionally performing, McKenzie retired from music and today lives in Los Angeles.
MOBY GRAPE
By 1966 American record companies were looking for an answer to the success of the British invasion bands, particularly The Beatles. A lot of hope rested with Los Angeles bands The Byrds and Buffalo Springfield, groups that in 1965/66 quickly placed singles on the AM radio charts. Moby Grape in San Francisco followed in 1967 when they signed to Columbia Records. The crisp, catchy and radio friendly songs of The Grape contrasted with the long form, jamming improv approach of many of the early Bay area bands. The monumental collapse of the band began when in its enthusiasm for the band, Columbia simultaneously released five singles from the debut album, all of which competed with each other for radio airplay. The album release created further controversy when record executives realized that drummer Don Stevenson had extended his middle finger in a not so subtle way during the album cover shoot. The album was recalled and Stevenson’s middle finger was artfully air brushed out. Things only got worse as their choice of management turned out to be a disaster (the band missed a photo shoot for Look magazine because the manager forgot the appointment time), guitarist Skip Spence was hospitalized with mental illness (after chasing fellow band members around the studio with an axe),  there were several drug busts and Bob Mosley left the band to join the Marines (he was discharged nine months later after also being diagnosed with mental illness). What is lost in this story of misfortune is the musical accomplishments of the band. With ringing, energetic guitars, great hooks, melodies and harmonies, Moby Grape created a music that was creatively their own. Signature songs like "Omaha," "Sittin' by the Window" and "Changes" still have a contemporary sound today.
VAN MORRISON
Morrison spent his time in the Bay area well. After the commercial success of Moondance (1970), Morrison and his wife, Janet Planet, moved to California from the East Coast. The move to Marin County marked the beginning of one of the most creative periods of his career. In quick succession he released the landmark albums His Band and the Street Choir, Tupelo Honey, Saint Dominic's Preview and Hard Nose the Highway. In 1973 he divorced Planet and moved back to Belfast.
MOTHER EARTH
Tracy Nelson began her folk music career at the University of Wisconsin when she was discovered by blues anthologist and music producer Sam Charters. After moving to San Francisco, Nelson formed blues-rock band Mother Earth. The band appeared as opening act at The Fillmore West for Eric Burdon, Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix and Quicksilver Messenger Service. A few albums later Mother Earth disbanded and Nelson pursued a solo career.
QUICKSILVER MESSENGER SERVICE
A jazzy and occasionally flashy band given to extended jams and timely songs (in the 1960s Valente wrote “Let's Get Together” and songs about the unfairness of drug laws and abuse of the environment). Songs like "Fresh Air" and "Who Do You Love, Pt. 2" were staples of the new long-play FM radio format of the era. In San Francisco Quicksilver was always over-shadowed by the Grateful Dead. On some nights in live performances at the Fillmore they were better. In addition to Valente, the band featured talented musicians John Cipollina and Gary Duncan.
SONS OF CHAMPLIN
One of the underrated bands to come out of the San Francisco scene. After a dozen years vocalist Bill Champlin would quit the band and later join pop hit makers Chicago and win two Grammys for his songwriting.
SANTANA
Carlos Santana's debut in San Francisco in 1969 with the album Santana incorporated Latin music and rhythms into an energetic rock sound. Groundbreaking in virtually every way, Santana recorded originals as well as classic Latin songs such as “Oya Como Va” by Tito Puente.
BOZ SCAGGS
He defined San Francisco for more than a decade, spanning free-form FM radio of the late '60s (remember the majestic 12-minute ``Loan Me a Dime,'' featuring Duane Allman, from the self-titled first album) and blue-eyed soul-disco of the late '70s (``Lowdown,'' ``Lido Shuffle'').
SLY AND THE FAMILY STONE
Playing with an integrated band in a segregated nation, Sly Stone implored his audiences to come together and “Dance to the Music.” The seeming simplicity of their songs belies the sophistication of a sound that recycled blues, pop, jazz and rock (and helped create the path to funk). While James Brown may have been burning down the house with his Famous Flames, Sly Stone was turning on a nation with dance music.
WE FIVE
One of the first San Francisco bands to hit the Top 40, the We Five had a million selling hit record with "You Were On My Mind." Complete with jangling electric guitars and sumptuous harmonies the We Five bridged the gap between the burgeoning hard rock sound  and lighter sound of more traditional folk musicians. Never able to duplicate the success of "You Were on My Mind," the We Five recorded several additional albums before disbanding.
NEIL YOUNG
His fourth solo album, Harvest, became an instant classic. This forever enigmatic member of CSNY and founder of the band Crazy Horse experimented with variations of rock music throughout the 1960s and 70s (did he invent Grunge?). Resurrecting Crazy Horse and jamming with Pearl Jam, he resurfaced in the '90s to new critical acclaim.
THE YOUNGBLOODS
The group recorded “Let’s Get Together,” the quintessential hippie anthem written by Quicksilver’s Dino Valenti, while still in New York, but moved to Marin County soon thereafter. With band leader Jesse Colin Young leaving for a solo career that never went anywhere the band recorded a few more albums and broke up.
Jefferson Airplane
"San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)," Scott McKenzie
"The Lion Sleeps Tonight," Kingston Trio
"Where Have All the Flowers Gone," Kingston Trio
"You Were On My Mind," We Five
"The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down," Joan Baez
"Get Together," The Youngbloods
"Just a Little," The Beau Brummels
"How Can I Miss You When You Won't Go Away," Dan Hicks & His Hot Licks
"The Same Old Thing," Tracy Nelson
"Killing Floor," The Electric Flag
"Are You Ready?," Pacific Gas & Electric
"So Very Hard To Go," Tower of Power
"Are You Experienced," The  Jimi Hendrix Experience
"Foxey Lady," The Jimi Hendrix Experience
"Summertime Blues," Blue Cheer
"Susie Q," Credence Clearwater Revival
"Fortunate Son," Credence Clearwater Revival
"Dance To The Music," Sly & The Family Stone
"I Want To Take You Higher," Sly & The Family Stone
"Suavecito," Malo
"Hot Summer Day," It's A Beautiful Day
"White Bird," It's A Beautiful Day
"Fresh Air," Quicksilver Messenger Service
"Who Do You Love, Pt. 1," Quicksilver Messenger Service
"Piece of My Heart," Big Brother & The Holding Company
"San Francisco Bay Blues," Hot Tuna
"Casey Jones," The Grateful Dead
"Friend of The Devil," The Grateful Dead
"Truckin'," The Grateful Dead
"Somebody to Love," Jefferson Airplane
"Revolution: Volunteers (Live)," Jefferson Airplane
"I Feel Like I'm, Fixin' To Die Rag," Country Joe & The Fish
"Evil Ways," Santana
