Thought folks here would like to get an early look at tomorrow's article on RainyDayMagazine
April 30 2008 at 9:46 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
bill
sweet... Ill be there day 1
April 07 2008 at 8:53 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
Bill Buchan
Pah. Try living in Scotland. Before the Glasgow store opened, it was a trip to London (500 miles). Now its only 120 miles (4-5 hours). And why is the store important ?
Should your Macbook Pro (seagate) hard drive die on you 5 weeks in, its the only place in Scotland where you can get a replacement *quickly*. Handy if youre a business user...
---* Bill
April 05 2008 at 7:14 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
SystemFault
A gallon or two of gasoline and a little driving will get you to the Apple Store in tax free Salem, New Hampshire some 35 miles to the north. Saving five percent sales tax on a $2,000 MacBook Pro means $100 more in your pocket. But feel free to ignore this suggestion if you think that Massachusetts hasn't already soaked you enough tax-wise.
April 04 2008 at 7:37 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
1 reply to SystemFault's comment
Bob S.
Ha. As a native Bostonian now living in Chicago, where the sales tax is 10.25%, I'd come out ahead if I flew out to Boston to buy a Mac.
April 04 2008 at 9:28 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
Joseph S.
I hope it's a more pleasant shopping experience than the Apple store in London, England.
I went there with money burning a hole in my pocket to buy a MBP and Time Capsule and couldn't get anywhere near the hardware. Every computer in the place was being used by passers-by to check their emails. I managed to grab someone for a second who answered 2 quick questions before making it clear she wanted to elsewhere - despite me making it obvious I was interested in spending money.
I happened to bump into someone I hadn't seen in years who works there and he said it was like that all the time, including all the iPhones being used up by the same drop-ins to make local calls. He offered to find someone to help me (he wasn't shop-floor staff) but I couldn't be bothered; service obviously wasn't important there. I walked down the road and bought it somewhere I know I can get good service. John Lewis department store even threw in an extra years guarantee for free.
I appreciate that there are the genius bars and the workshops - these are great ideas and of great use to users but perhaps it would be more accurate to describe it more of a 'lab' than a 'store'. The staff were difficult were difficult to find or identify and I'm sorry to say that I get more personal attention ordering online.
And the decor? Looks nice in the pics but cram it full of people crowding around tables and it just looks like a warehouse.
Perhaps to dedicated Apple fans none of this will matter; most people with a good knowledge of their choice of product won't need retail service of the kind I was looking for but the entire experience took a little gloss of the shiny apple for me.
For what it's worth; I love and adore my new MBP.
April 04 2008 at 5:56 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
Bram O.
There is already about 10 apple stores around Boston.. i'm not saying this is a bad thing, but seriously, enough is enough.
April 04 2008 at 5:22 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
max
i truly don't get the cache in just being there... plus anything like hard drives and non apple extras are always way over priced from the usual stores... again i love the company and get excited about new products, i watch the keynotes and read the rumour sites... but yeay im in the new store? don't get it AT all... sure take people to show them how amazing a giant imac looks in person, or how genius the floating cash out machines are (no waiting in line rules all) but "hey look at me i waited in line for three hours to be in a store!" no comprende amigo
April 04 2008 at 4:14 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
jfrtwo
I work for AT&T and I was just in there on Wednesday testing the building to ensure good GSM service for the iPhones. It's going to be a really nice store.
April 04 2008 at 4:01 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
GeekForceFive.com
I am so very, very excited about this. I walk by the store on my way to work nearly every day and I just can't wait until I'll be able to stop in and play with things. I think I heard it will be open in mid-May. Does that sound right?
April 04 2008 at 3:57 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
PSM
I work near Boston from June to August, and normally shop at the Apple Store at the Burlington Mall. One day I had a day off and was hoping to buy something Burlington didn't have in stock, so I decided to go into Boston and stop by the Apple Store there. I was shocked to learn there wasn't a real flagship store in Boston, and the store wasn't even as good as the one in Burlington. I'm so happy for the Boston Mac fans that the big store is about to open. I'll make sure to check it out when I get there this summer.
April 04 2008 at 3:42 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
