San Francisco, CA
Updated - 5/23/2009
i went to this store's "genius" bar today to fix a problem with my MacBook Pro, which I owned for just 10 months. Basically, I was working on my laptop when both the keyboard and the touchpad suddenly stopped communicating with my laptop.  The fault was with a loose cable that you could reinforce by pressing down on it with your finger, just underneath the battery pack.
Anyway, this was my second visit because the previous "genius" failed to recognize that the loose cable was the real issue, so he sent me home after giving me a temporary solution.  Only after experiencing the same problem that night, I finally figured out myself what was wrong with my laptop.  I'm by no means a "genius", and I don't expect the staff at the store to be either, but shouldn't they have been able to diagnose this problem given that even I could do it with my ignorance?
OK, so everyone makes mistakes.  That's fine.  But what really made me uncomfortable was my 2nd visit to the store today.  I met another "genius", who was very impatient among other things.  I tried to explain to him that I visited yesterday and how I figured out the problem step-by-step, but he had this condescending attitude and cut me off, saying "just tell me what happened".  
Even worse, as he was spending the 5 minutes generating a paper work for me to fill out to have my laptop repaired, he was giving me a sales pitch.  He first told me that it would take 2 days to fix my laptop (he started generating the repair form even before asking me if I could leave my laptop there for 2 days) and when I told him that I should think about this, he told me that I should really get an "apple care" to move to the front of the line (have my laptop fixed within hours).  Ah, so what you mean is that the regular warranty I bought with your laptop is actually a piece of crap and a gimmic after all?  If you can be so rapid, why can't you be that rapid when other customers purchase warranty from you?  I almost wanted to say this to him.  
When I refused to purchase the apple care despite his persistence, he then went on to give a sales pitch on how I should buy an additional year of warranty.  At this point, I smiled at him and said that I was concerned that despite my careful use and having owned my macbook pro for only 10 months (hardly any scratches or dirt on it), that they have to now replace the entire keyboard and top case.  He said yes, that's a cause for concern.  Then immediately went back to try to sell me another year of warranty.  Perhaps he didn't get my message.  If your laptop is so flimsy that despite a careful use for just 10 months, I need to have such major repairs, then perhaps I shouldn't be even looking at buying apple laptops. Why don't you tell me instead what I may have done wrong and how to avoid this problem again?  
In the end, I think apple does produce robust devices and all my other visits were very pleasant.  But my problem is really with the "genius" bar.  I expect sales pitch from the sales staff, not a techie I'm trying to get an advice and diagnosis from, and from whom I expect an honest solution to a technical problem.  How do you expect your customers to trust that when you suggest a solution that you're not just suggesting it because it will generate the most amount of revenue for you, rather than it being the most sensible solution to the problem?  Working in a technical field my self, I think my experience at the "genius" bar amazed (in a very bad way) me because I don't expect technical staff to behave so unprofessionally.  It's as if you go to a doctor and the doctor only suggests a certain medicine for you because he/she is getting paid by that pharma company.
Was this review …?
