30G-10 Consumer evaluation of irradiated and pasteurized apple cider
30G-10
Consumer evaluation of irradiated and pasteurized apple cider
F. YULIANTI, T. D. Boylston, and C. A. Reitmeier. Food Science and Human Nutrition, Iowa State University, 2312 Food Science Building, Ames, IA 50011
Pasteurization is one method to ensure a 5-log reduction in target pathogens in apple cider, but heat can alter the flavor and appearance.  Irradiation is an alternate method to reduce E. coli in apple cider without the deleterious effects of heat.  Few changes occur in apple cider during irradiation, but previous research noted that trained sensory panelists detected a "cardboard" flavor in irradiated cider with preservative.  In a preliminary test, consumers (n=185) preferred irradiated apple cider compared to pasteurized apple cider.
The objectives of this research were to determine consumer preference for irradiated or pasteurized apple cider and to identify flavor compounds in cider.
Pasteurized cider was purchased from a local processor.  Cider of the same batch as the pasteurized was irradiated (2 kGy) at the Linear Accelerator Facility, Ames, IA.  Four consumer tests (n=599) were conducted in Iowa.  Consumers were presented samples of irradiated apple cider with 0.1% potassium sorbate and pasteurized apple cider with 0.1% potassium sorbate.  Color, pH, titratable acidity and soluble solids content were measured.  Flavor compounds of apple cider were quantified using solid-phase microextraction (SPME) headspace analysis and gas chromatography (GC).
Consumers (n=199) at two locations had no preference for irradiated or pasteurized apple cider.  Consumers at two different locations preferred irradiated cider (n=172 and 61) compared to pasteurized apple cider (n=128 and 39, respectively).  Quality attributes of irradiated and pasteurized ciders were not different.  Hexanal, butyl acetate, ethyl-2 methyl butyrate, hexanol and hexyl acetate contents in irradiated and pasteurized apple cider were not different.  Nonanal (a floral, citrus flavor) was one of the unique compounds present in irradiated apple cider.
Irradiated cider was as acceptable or more acceptable than pasteurized apple cider to consumers.  Oxidation by-products, such as nonanal, may contribute to flavor differences between irradiated and pasteurized apple cider.
