Digest: They Do Things They Don’t Do on Boylston: Part 2
Posted by Chris Ayers & Amy Briesch on Thursday, December 8, 2011 10:24 PM
By the time we got back to the hotel after our Malnati’s and Billy Goat Tavern excursions , the Roadfood bus had returned, so we met up with ChiTownDiner, Buffetbuster, and The Travelin Man in the hotel bar. CTD had already gone to Xoco for breakfast once but wanted to return “to try the other half of the menu.” (N.B. If you know CTD well, you know that he loves to order multiple items for sampling/sharing.) The next morning, Chris ventured out early to meet the group but found only CTD waiting in the lobby. “Everyone else decided to sleep in, so let’s go!” he exclaimed.  A few blocks away, Xoco wasn’t open yet, but we were first in line and had great conversations with other like-minded (-stomached?) early birds who sought the same worm:
Once inside, we ordered a smorgasbord of delicacies. For starters (clockwise from top left), freshly baked berry muffin, Aztec bean-to-cup chocolate (with chile and allspice), churros for dipping, and a breakfast empanada with tomatillo salsa:
But the wow factor came with the wood-oven chilaquiles (tortilla chips, roasted tomato-serrano sauce, Samuel's cheese, and scrambled eggs) and the chorizo-egg torta:
Very well fed (though no Rick Bayless sightings), we then boarded the Roadfood bus, where we were enthusiastically greeted with leftover kringles from Racine! After everyone arrived, we set off for the tour’s first official breakfast at Manny’s Coffee Shop ( Roadfood.com review ):
Our mantra: don’t fill up at the first stop…but with so many classic dishes, we were fortunate to sample as many as possible. Grab a tray, and make your way down the line…
First, a perfectly tawny potato pancake…
…alongside a towering corned beef sandwich…
 
…and don’t forget a lox & onion omelet with good hashbrown potatoes…
…with good rye toast, of course…
…and the local favorite, the apple slice (like an iced apple tart):
Okay, this is where the real education started for us. An ice-cream scoop of this rather un-photogenic concoction arrived at the table, and it turned out to be chopped liver—yes, as in the phrase, “What am I, chopped liver?” We didn’t know it was an actual food; though it has multiple mentions in Roadfood.com reviews, we must’ve subconsciously overlooked it because of that dreaded word: liver. However, we are happy to report that it didn’t really taste livery at all; instead, it was very rich and unctuous with chicken fat. We learn something new on every tour, it seems!
All these wonderful eats, plus a heartfelt thanks from owner Kenny Rankin before we left!
Next chapter: Hot dog heaven, with our own ChiTownDiner as tour guide!
