Apple Too Shiny For Georgetown
The exterior of 1229 Wisconsin Ave. (Bloomberg)
An Apple store is a most desirable shiny bauble for any retail neighborhood, a symbol of high-end appeal and cutting-edge variety. Apple stores are relatively limited in number--just 240 or so around the world--and remarkably successful; not one has ever had to close for lack of profits.
So the news that the computer cult would be coming to the heart of Georgetown was a welcome bulletin for boosters of the D.C. neighborhood 's retail sector.
But for all its success around the globe, Apple has not had to deal with historic preservationists in the District. Welcome to the nation's capital: Apple has been cored.
The Old Georgetown Board and Georgetown's advisory neighborhood commission have stuffed Apple's application to put one of its signature stores at 1229 Wisconsin Avenue NW, in the space previously occupied by, you'll pardon the expression, FCUK, the clothing outlet. Apple paid $13.7 million for the property, just up from M Street, a brick and wood facade that adheres to Georgetown design standards but doesn't exactly sport a colonial look. Rather, the storefront's current face has kind of an impersonal, phony, 1970s aura about it.
Obviously, Apple likes its facades to match the company's sleek, chromy look--like here in Bethesda, or here in Clarendon . But given the sensitivities of the neighborhood, the company has proposed a more muted design for its Georgetown outlet, featuring a large expanse of glass and stone, including the company's signature symbol of the piece of fruit-shaped glass.
That doesn't go in the District. "It's an issue of scale," said Thomas Luebke, secretary of the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts, the design review agency that oversees the Old Georgetown Board. He added that the building needed to "come together in a way that doesn't feel disruptive to the existing environment." ( What do you think? )
"The board felt that the design turned the building into a billboard," Luebke told the Northwest Current, the feisty weekly that has dominated coverage of the Apple-Georgetown story.
The ANC has now nixed Apple's designs three times, even after the latest one was blessed by Steve Jobs himself (this is apparently a Moses-like statement to the folks at Apple; the D.C. preservation police greeted the arrival of the tablets of Jobs with a barely noticeable shrug .)
The ANC says Apple's design is too modern. The Old Georgetown Board says the design is too big and bold. Apple, mystified by all this, notes that it has successfully integrated its stores into other places that have every bit of Georgetown's claim to historic status, including an alluring and tasteful bit of design on Regent Street in London and a successful integration into a historic post office building in New York's SoHo.
There are so many ramshackle, unimpressive storefronts along Wisconsin in Old Georgetown that for the two government boards to block Apple's reasonable proposals seems little more than an adolescent, petty exercise of authority. But that's how the preservation police get their jollies in Washington. The only things that suffer as a result are the economy and the people who live, work and shop here.
POLL
