Bohlin Cywinski Jackson Celebrates 6 New Associates
January 15, 2010
We are pleased to announce six new Associates in the practice. We celebrate these individuals, who are instrumental to our success, and who play a leadership role in our projects.
Erin Roark, Philadelphia
Erin initially began with BCJ in 1999 to work on the Liberty Bell   Center. After a short residence in Los Angeles, she returned to Bohlin Cywinski Jackson in  2002 and has since worked on numerous projects, including  Integrated Athletic Center at Haverford College, Farrar House, the Diamond Social Sciences Building at Colby College, and the Nanotechnology Research Center and Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons at Georgia Institute of Technology.
Daniel Lee, Philadelphia
Daniel joined Bohlin Cywinski Jackson after moving to Philadelphia in 2005 from Berkeley, California. He has been involved with many university projects, including the Loyola College Residence Hall, and the Lehigh University Environmental Science Lab. He is currently the project architect for the Newport Beach Civic Center and Park.
Jesse Pointon, Philadelphia
Jesse joined the Philadelphia office of Bohlin Cywinski Jackson in 2007 and has served as a project architect on the Lehigh STEPS Lab, the conversion of  Philadelphia's 30th Street Main Post Office into an office building for the General Services Administration, Seven Bridge Development outside Toronto, and Stetson Library at Williams College.
Jennifer Varner, Seattle
Jennifer joined Bohlin Cywinski Jackson in 2006 to manage marketing and business development for our Seattle office. Her efforts have broadened the firm's visibility and led to new commissions in the United States and Asia.  Jennifer is active in the ongoing refinement of our publications and marketing materials; she was part of the design and editorial team for Grand Teton: A National Park Building.
Josh Keller, San Francisco
Josh began his career at Bohlin Cywinski Jackson in 1999 in our Pittsburgh office and helped establish our San Francisco presence as a member of the design team for Pixar Animation Studios in Emeryville, California. He has since served as the project manager/architect for many Apple stores and private residences. He is working on the Newport Beach Civic Center and Park.
Stephanie Grandjacques, San Francisco
Stephanie joined our San Francisco office in 2005 and has focused on our Apple store commissions in the United States and Europe. She is active in the design and technical coordination of these technologically sophisticated buildings, often working in concert with multinational project teams.
Related Links
