Apple has made itself a retailing star
March 25, 2012|Michael B. Farrell, Globe Staff
They came for new iPads. Others for a date with a Genius. Some were wide-eyed first-timers, many were well-known regulars.
Hundreds of people coursed through the Apple Store on Boylston Street on March 17 - one day after the computer-maker released its latest tablet - in a buzz of consumer euphoria that has helped the company create one of the world’s most profitable retail empires, which hit $14 billion in sales last year.
The Globe was given a rare inside look into how the Apple Store works, and how some of its 36,000 employees spread across 363 stores worldwide are helping to change shopping much as the iPod altered how people listen to music. The company’s stores have become more than just places to get gadgets. They’re destinations to meet like-minded techies, or pick the brains of Apple experts.
They’re part library, part community center, part coffee shop (without the coffee), and occasionally a concert hall for Mac-loving musicians. The Boylston Street store even hosted a fashion show recently. And experts say this blend of commercialism and community is influencing everything from the Disney Store to AT&T retail outlets.
“The stores are always thought of as public-private spaces,’’ said Gary Allen, creator of ifoAppleStore.com, a blog dedicated to Apple’s retail operation.
The Boylston store has 250 employees. They include the Geniuses who mind the Genius Bar, where customers bring busted products; Creatives who teach classes on using Apple gadgets and software; and Specialists filling the sales floor.
Each group plays roles originally conceived by Steve Jobs, the late Apple chief executive, and Ron Johnson, the company’s former retail chief who was later hired as chief executive of J.C. Penny Co. to bring Apple mojo to one of the country’s oldest brands.
The two created a showplace that was as meticulously designed as the computers they sold. The stone floors for every store come from the same Italian quarry, the maple tables are custom made to conceal cash drawers, and stainless steel wall panels are imported from Japan, said Allen.
That level of detail applies to customer service, too, choreographed down to the first time someone says, “Welcome to the Apple Store.’’
Apple borrowed many of its customer service guidelines from the Ritz-Carlton Hotel Co., the luxury chain known for its attention to comfort and satisfaction of guests, according to Carmine Gallo, author of “The Apple Experience: Secrets to Building Insanely Great Customer Loyalty.’’ The philosophy is straightforward: If people are going to spend a lot of money, they want to be treated well.
1
