Brookline, MA
7/19/2011 3 Check-ins Here
So I've been to this store a couple times and have decided they have 2 kinds of employees. The first kind are normal people who happen to work at the Apple Store. I find them to be reasonable, helpful & polite. The second kind worship Apple and everything related to it like its a religion. I find them to be a-holes who make me want to go buy an Android phone instead of my iPhone every time I talk to them.
So last summer my iPhone 3G broke and I went to go buy a new iPhone 4. My exchange with the employee went something like this.
Me - My iPhone broke and I need to buy a new one
Employee - When is your appointment for?
Me - Seriously, I need an appointment to buy a new phone?
Employee - Yes sir, until you have an appointment we can not help you
Me - How do I get one of these appointments?
Employee - You should have signed up for one on the website before you came down here, but since you are here I could find one for you
Me - When can I get one
Employee - There is one available in 2 days
Me - Seriously, I have to wait 2 days to buy a new phone
Employee - See that line of people right there. They are the people who understood to make an appointment
Me - So I have to make an appointment to wait in a line to buy a new phone? You have got to be kidding me
Employee - Yes sir that is how it works
Me - Well maybe I don't want to deal with all this BS just to buy a new phone
Employee - The iPhone is the best phone on the market. So if you want an inferior device feel free to go to another store
Needless to say I walked out without purchasing anything. I ended up buying an iPhone 4 at an ATT store without an appointment, without waiting in a line and without a customer service person who made me want to punch them in the face while talking to them.
Fast forward to this summer when I stupidly dropped my iPhone 4 and shattered the screen. So I signed up for an appointment online that was available that very same day. I even got to the Apple store 10 minutes late and the guy controlling the line was super nice about it and I only had to wait like 2 minutes or so. The guy at the counter was also super nice and quickly got me a new phone to replace the broken one. The whole transaction took like 5 minutes.
So if you get one of the normal people that works at the store things seem to go ok, but if you get one of the Apple worshiping a-holes you might as well walk out the door.
Was this review …?
