Oct 5, 2010 - 15 Comments
Have you ever wanted to work at an Apple Store? Do you wonder how much you’ll get paid? Here are the average salaries and hourly wages for Apple Genius, Apple Specialist, and Apple Concierge positions inside the Apple Store. These are self reported numbers so they should be considered pretty accurate.
Apple Specialist Pay
The Apple Specialist position pays on average $11.64/hour, with the pay rate ranging from $9 to $16, likely depending on location and overall experience. This data is from 334 salaries reported to GlassDoor.com:
From my research, it does not look like Apple Specialist positions pay a flat salary, although it does appear that they are eligible for standard benefits through Apple if they work over a certain number of hours a week (likely 40, but this is unknown).
Apple Genius Salary & Pay
Other than Apple Store Managers, the Apple Genius is probably the highest paying position at an Apple Store. Here’s the scale of how the Genius position pays:
Apple Genius Average Salary: $37,954
Apple Genius Low-End salary: $32,000 – this is likely the starting salary for most Apple Genius positions in smaller to medium sized cities
Apple Genius High-End Salary: $49,000 – with more experience and working in a larger city (New York, San Francisco, etc), Apple Genius’s earn significantly more
The above graphs are from GlassDoor which is a site that features self-reported salary and wages for various jobs. Although there is always a chance for inflation, the aspect of anonymity generally insures reliably reported incomes to the site.
Apple Genius Hourly Wage
If you do the math from the reported salaries on GlassDoor, the hourly wage for an Apple Genius position varies from $14-$25/hour, which is line with their stated hourly rates. This is also verified by some leaked hiring documents from 2008, which showed a wage of $17/hour for working as an Apple Genius in a smaller major US city (see below):
The above image is from MacBlogz who looks like they went about getting hired by Apple for the sole intention of leaking the hiring process and documents. The image is a few years old but the wage is likely very similar today for the Genius position in smaller to medium sized cities.
Apple Store Concierge Pay
The range for Apple Store Concierge positions is $10-$14/hour, with an average of $11.34, as reported by 36 employees to GlassDoor.
Apple Store Bonuses
There are bonuses reported by Apple Store employees and they range from $200 to $5000 per year. It is hard to know what exactly determines the bonus and if they are in the form of cash, stock, or Apple hardware, but most reports indicate that bonuses are rewarded on a quarterly basis based on the Apple Store achieving and outperforming sales numbers. Other bonuses may include free Apple hardware, a few years ago it was widely reported that every Apple employee received a free iPhone, this likely qualifies as a bonus.
Apple Store Employee Discounts
The other major perk of working at an Apple Store is the employee discount program, which is reported to be a consistent 10% off all purchases on anything in the Apple Store, and a once-yearly discount of 25% off the purchase of any new hardware. Additionally, Apple Store employees reportedly get three vouchers per year that they can give to friends and family for 15% off the purchase of Apple hardware.
Apple Store Hiring and Knowledge
With Apple becoming more popular it’s no surprise that working for them is becoming increasingly competitive. The more you know, the better. As Apple’s product line grows it’s expected you’ll know more than just about the Mac or iPhone, but also about iOS and the accompanying hardware. The level of technical competency varies depending on the position, with the Apple Genius likely requiring the most technical knowledge, and Apple Specialist and Concierge positions requiring less technical knowledge but more people and sales orientated skill sets. You can read more about Apple’s retail hiring practices and requirements at Apple’s Retail website .
Of course, if you know everything there is to know about Apple and you’re a developer, you can completely leapfrog the Apple Store and try to go it alone as a developer. Independent iOS Developers are in high demand and if you’re talented enough with Objective C, you can directly capitalize on the high costs of iPhone & iPad development and make up to $250/hour creating iOS apps for clients. After seeing the iPhone development wages, it makes you want to study up on iOS development
doesn’t it?
