Pumpkin's are now ready as the Hay Rides begin
But it is up to Mother Nature
Sun, Jul 01, 2012
AVAILABLE TODAY
FRESH PICKED AT THE FARM STAND
As pick-your-own apples is one of the greatest New England family traditions, we would be pleased to be a part of your traditions and memories! Come and Join Us for some Family Fun, Hayrides and enjoy some apples and more!
We have apples on the farm stand every day which are grouped by apple variety..
Snack Bar
Weekends Only During Apple Season
Come and enjoy some Home Baked delights
WEATHER PERMITTING
Hayrides began Saturday Sept. 18
Hayrides will be on weekends only - Saturday and Sunday
No Hayrides during the week
Hayrides are to the Pumpkin Patch -- to pick your own Pumpkin
Yes, we also open Monday Columbus Day 9-5!
© 2009-10 Keiths Farm All Rights Reserved.
Check out our new Gallery of Photos!
Keith's Farm Difference
A REAL Working Farm! "I come for the farmy atmosphere". A chance to experience nature with the convenience of a fresh food farm stand and high quality baked goods
As pick-your-own apples is one of the greatest New England family traditions, we would be pleased to be a part of your traditions and memories!
We have apples on the farm stand every day.
The apple orchard was pruned and fertilized and there were lots of blossoms this year. The honey bees were able to do their work and there are apples in abundance.
Did you know that without the honey bees pollinating the blossoms, there would be no apples.
Come and Join Us for some Family Fun and enjoy some apples and more!
Opening Saturday Sept. 11, 2010
Saturdays and Sundays 9-5 for Apple Picking
Snack Bar
Weekends Only During Apple Season
Come and enjoy some Home Baked delights
We accept VISA and MASTERCARD
at Register #1 and Register #2  ONLY 
WEATHER PERMITTING
Hayrides usually begin in Late September - early October
Hayrides will be on weekends only - Saturday and Sunday
No Hayrides during the week
Hayrides are to the Pumpkin Patch -- to pick your own Pumpkin
The Farm Stand is closed for the Season.
