Photos of Red Sox Captain Jon Lester, catcher Jason Varitek, short stop Julio Lugo, and Aerosmith Bassist Tom Hamilton at Boston Apple Store:
Red Sox Captain and catcher Jason Varitek at Boston Apple Store
Apple opened a flagship Boston store last summer in downtown Boston on Boylston Street. It was and currently still is the largest Apple Store in the United States.
Considering the high concentration of highly educated population in Boston, and how highly educated individuals prefers Apple products, the large store size is not surprising.
The Boston flagship Apple Store is a beautiful modern building with a 3 story high glass spiral staircase.
First floor features Macs, the foundation of Apple. Over a hundred Macs are on display, with full internet access and programs are available for customers to try out. Second floor features iPods, iPhones, and third-party products. The third floor has the Genius Bar, plus a studio for training sessions.
Boston Apple Store Glass Spiral Stairs
Apple Store openings are always a festive event worth checking out. The Boston store opening attracted thousands of fans, including celebrities such as Red Sox players and Aerosmith Bassist.
Boston Red Sox is a Major League Baseball team with quite a number of World Series wins in the early 1900s, before the sale of Babe Ruth.
After Babe Ruth’s contract was sold in 1919 to the Yankees, Red Sox just seemed destined (some believed cursed) to not ever win the championship again. For almost a century the dry spell persisted, and many in baseball believed in the Curse of the Bambino.
But finally, to the delight of fans, the Red Sox lifted their “curse” by winning the World Series championship title in 2004, and again won the World Series in 2007.
Red Sox catcher Jason Varitek at 2004 World Series Championship Win
Boston Red Sox catcher Jason Varitek (also Red sox captain) was on both 2004 and 2007 winning team that resulted in their World Series wins. And it looks like he likes Apple stuff.
Red Sox starting pitcher Jon Lester and Short stop Julio Lugo were part of the 2007 team. They were also seen in the Boston Apple Store.
Red Sox pitcher Jon Lester at Boston Apple Store. Jon is part of the 2007 championship team.
Red Sox shortstop Julio Lugo at Boston Apple Store, Julio is part of the 2007 championship team.
Tom Hamilton, Aerosmith bassist, is the co-author of three of Aerosmith’s hits, “Sweet Emotion”, “Janie’s Got a Gun”, and “Jaded”. He is seen at the Boston Apple Store too.
Aerosmith bassist Tom Hamilton at Boston Apple Store
Sites with galleries of Boston Apple Store Opening
