with one comment
Boston native Kyle McLaughlin, 21, was one of the thousands who waited in line last summer to get his hands on the iPhone 4.
“I had to have it. Apple had been advertising it for months and I wanted the newer, better version of my iPhone,” he said, explaining why he and hundreds of others camped outside the Boylston Street store waiting for the 7 a.m. launch time.
Apple Store Boylston Street
He and hundreds of others camped out outside of the Boylston Street store waiting for the 7 a.m. launch time. Product launches like the iPhone 4 have become the norm for Apple. With each new product launch, there’s hype built around it and it suddenly becomes the next must have item.
As Tish Grier , a mobile technology blogger for the Telefonica Developers Blog and a longtime technology expert, said, “Nothing is ever going to top an Apple release, everyone is so whipped up about it.”
It seems hard to believe that a dozen years ago, Apple was on the verge of collapse. When founder/CEO Steve Jobs returned to the company, Apple’s luck changed and it’s now better than ever. Earlier this year, Apple’s market valuation even surpassed that of its longtime rival, Microsoft.
Technology experts debate whether Apple’s prestige is generated from innovation, marketing savvy  or both. With the company’s commitment to centralize control over its new-generation devices, it’s an open question as to whether users will eventually revolt and embrace more open systems, such as rival Google’s Android operating system.
How Has Apple Become So Influential?
Names of Apple products have become typical jargon within our culture. Apple launches become international events. How has Apple weaved itself into the cultural fabric?
Pop culture blogger Erin Meyers , postdoctoral teaching fellow at Northeastern University, said this is a direct result of the savvy branding and marketing strategies Apple employs.
“Apple built a following through emotional appeals. The idea is that Apple is more than a computer or other form of technology, it is a lifestyle,” she said adding, “it’s hip, sleek and stylish and evidence of one’s individuality versus going along with the masses all things that young people in particular want to embrace I think.”
For example, commercials for the iPod show silhouettes of different individuals dancing around while wearing the white ear buds typically associated with Apple, which Meyers said allows viewers to put themselves into the advertisements.
“The viewer recognizes the experience of rocking out to your favorite music, and the iPod enables you to have your music, your way, anywhere you want it Meyers said. “It’s the idea of being a cool individual through your product choice.”
As Sharon Machlis, online managing editor of Computerworld, said, the emotional appeals like the ones Meyers cited create what she calls “technolust.”
Apple versus Microsoft
It is no secret that Apple and Microsoft are fierce rivals, with the rivalry played out across advertisements bashing each other. Despite Apple’s apparent dominance, Microsoft is still the more profitable company of the two, earning $14.6 billion compared to Apple’s $5.7 billion of the recent fiscal years , though in the market place Apple is the more valued company.
Apple MacBook
Also, despite the buzz that surrounds the company, Apple only possesses 10 percent of the PC market share and only 27.9 percent of the smartphone market share , which only makes up 29.7 percent of the total cell phone market.
Despite those numbers, Tish Grier said Apple makes itself successful because “everything about the device is associated with the brand. “ She said that this is one quality that separates Apple from its rival Microsoft which licenses its software to other manufacturers. Similarly in the mobile phone market, she said that Google which created the Droid also licenses out its software. Meanwhile you can only use iOS, the operating system that powers iPhone, iPad and iPhone, by buying Apple products.
Grier said Apple differentiates itself from its competition with the “very sexy” appearance of its products. “They are very smooth and you just want to hold the devices in your hand,” she said adding that she feels this need has a, “psychological effect on the user because it has a wonderful design that feels good in your hand.”
Outside the Apple store’s Boylston Street location, Ben Bayley, a senior majoring in classics at Harvard University, said that he switched from PC to Apple when he began college.
“Macs are slightly cheaper and easier to use for what I needed them for, like Word, Excel, music, photo storage and Internet access,” Bayley said, because “once I get all the extra software I need for PC it ends of costing more.”
But he also said “I think that as a company Apple promotes the image of being stylish and user friendly because PCs are better in terms of the ‘nerdier’ aspects like processing power and graphics.”
Computer aided Music Production
Recently, many musicians have been using Apple products to record and produce their demos or albums. For their last album “Dig Out Your Soul,” Oasis lead guitarist Noel Gallagher said the band recorded the album’s demos on Garageband , a program that provides users with a virtual recording studio.  Also, front man of the electronic group Gorillaz Damon Albarn recently announced the group has recorded its next album on an iPad, an album which will be available to fans for free on the band’s website on Christmas day . Deejays have also been utilizing Apple’s computing power to create mixes and beats.
Clark University sophomore and Worcester club DJ A-Smooth said that he uses the industry standard Serato program used in clubs and radio stations nationwide on his Mac laptop. Though it is compatible on both Windows and Mac operating systems, he said most DJs use it on a Mac.
“By far most music programs run smoother on a Mac,” he said adding, “I think after the problems with Windows Vista people started to switch.”
DJ A-Smooth, whose real name is Andrew Berger, said he has been using Mac since 2004, but purchased a PC in 2007 because some of the programs he needed were not available for Mac. However, this period with a PC left a bitter taste in his mouth.
“I will never go back again! Especially with programs being more compatible with the Mac than ever before,” he said.
When Boston-area DJ Joey Nightlifes goes on to do a set, he performs on his Dell XPS m1730 and has no intention of changing that. For personal use, he said he likes that he personalize the PC more than he ever could with a Mac. For DJing, he said he feels he can expand the capabilities of the program he uses, Virtual DJ, beyond what’s provided.
“I can customize Virtual DJ by getting myself more samples,” Nightlifes, whose real name is Joe Allen, said. PC comes with programs that run only on Windows where he can cut sound and amplify it for the DJ programs he uses. He also said that he has used audio drivers and patches to give the program a custom update he would not otherwise be able to do.
Chinks in the Armor
Corporate powers at Apple give off the impression that the company is perfect and can do no wrong, but that is not necessarily the case. Currently it only offers its iPhone on the AT&T cell phone network, which is notorious for its poor service and slow mobile network. Tish Grier of Telefonica Development Blog said AT&T’s monopoly on iPhones has hurt Apple.
“In other countries it is available across various networks. If they really want to tackle the Droid market share and take over most popular cell phone company Nokia they should change that,” she said. This may change sooner rather than later as there are numerous reports indicating Verizon Wireless will get the iPhone 4 early next year.
Also, when the iPhone 4 was launched back in June, there were reports of reception problems when you held a part of the bumper. At first, Apple blamed it on customers holding the phone wrong, but the CEO Steve Jobs did something unprecedented when he admitted that Apple isn’t perfect and they make mistakes too .
About the bumper problems, Grier said that “it definitely showed Apple has vulnerabilities,” but added that “the only way Apple could really lose faith would be a serious technical glitch in the software.”
Customer Ben Bayley has had no such problems with anything he has from Apple and said the products he has have either lived up to or exceeded his expectations.
What’s in Store for the Future?
Grier said that overall, the PC market is going down while the tablet market is going up.
“People are moving further from PCs and going for the tablet,” she said. In the developing world, Smartphones are becoming increasingly popular because those people could not afford to buy their own computer.
Currently, this would stand to benefit Apple tremendously as it currently holds a 95 percent market share in the tablet market . Microsoft has recently released its a new software strategy called the cloud, which is supposed to act have a lot of the capabilities a tablet like the iPad has. Sharon Machlis of Computerworld believes this is going to provide some challenges to Microsoft and its reliance on desktop PC dominance.
Apple iPad
“With the rise of the Cloud, it makes the desktop less important,” she said adding, “It has apps that do what a desktop does.”
At the moment, Steve Jobs refuses to let run any programs with Adobe Flash, and Machlis believes this negatively impacts Apple and may push people towards Microsoft.
“I think the more you support the wider the audience,” she said and his anti-flash stance prevents companies who use flash to run their apps to have one for Apple devices.
As for the future of Apple, is it going to maintain the strong momentum it has? As long as Steve Jobs is the CEO, Grier thinks it can only continue because of the way he builds hype because right now there is no one like him at Microsoft. However, when he inevitably leaves she does not know what will happen as Steve Jobs has had a history of serious health problems including a pancreatic cancer diagnosis on 2004, a bunch of mysterious illnesses and a liver transplant in 2009.
“His successor will have to be very charismatic,” she said. She believes that if they continue to produce good products, it won’t impact too deeply.
“People always into Apple will always be there,” she said.
Apple fanatic Kyle McLaughlin said, “as long as Apple continues to produce the coolest products on the market, who cares who’s running the company?”
Written by katecl
