BCPi – Boston Computers & Peripherals, Inc.
March 9, 2012 - Posted in Stores - Permalink
BCPi, Inc. has been delivering superior information technologies solutions to more than 2,000 companies and government agencies worldwide. Founded in 1992 we have produced far more than 25,000 right and on-time deliveries to consumers all over the world. We want to earn your business let us show you the BCPi difference.
Custom Computer Design and Manufacturing
Our integration facility based in Sharon builds to order customer specified systems ranging from simple low cost workstations to complicated 1U multi-monitor video servers. The list of approved producers we function with is important which delivers our customers better flexibility in choosing which components they want.
Computer Hardware, Peripherals, and Software Order Fulfillment
Our unique open sourcing model enables us to draw from an substantial globally network of manufacturers, distributors as nicely as other suppliers to give you our customer competitive pricing, and fast reliable delivery on a wide range of computer merchandise and peripherals. Our choice not just matches any supplier inside the industry, but rivals our competitors by listing hard-to-find, specialized equipment. Need a unique item from a vendor not in your procurement system? Our broad reach and fast flexible product management team can supply virtually any product. If you need it, we will do our best to acquire it for you
E-commerce
Our web site features on line ordering and genuine time availability for much more than 50,000 item skus. We use a secure protected connection to make sure that our customers can buy without risk and our sales and customer service teams are often a phone call away for help.
Market Intelligence
New products and industry trends are constantly monitored so we can provide our clientele with all the best at precisely precisely the same time as value effective information and solutions.
Address:
6 Merchant Street Unit 3
Sharon, MA 02067
