Tweet
News of Steve Jobs’ death on Wednesday was greeted with an outpouring of emotion by Apple fans and followers around the world in the form of moving tributes and memorials. We’ll see many more throughout Thursday and beyond, no doubt, but we wanted to take a moment to highlight a few of those gestures.
Apple Stores draw crowds
Around the world, Apple Retail storefronts attracted many mourners and countless memorials in the form of flowers, scrawled messages and Post-it Notes. The little squares of paper quickly covered the windows at the Stockton Apple Store in San Francisco. In Boston, at the Apple Store on Boylston Street, fans and admirers gathered and left flowers and photos outside the storefront. According to the Boston Globe, one mourner, Brad Lackey, despite having never owned a single Apple product, called Jobs “[his] generation’s Edison.”
The Apple Store in Ginza, Tokyo, became a makeshift memorial when the news hit the nearby Ceatec conference, which is Japan’s largest consumer electronics show. Fans left flowers outside the store and organized a candlelight vigil there for after dark. The Fifth Avenue store in New York City was nearly covered in fliers featuring the image of Jobs with messages inscribed upon them by mourners. Apple Stores in Brazil, Australia and many other countries around the world were host to similar tributes.
Artists, designers and developers remember
Macs have always been tools of inspiration, so it’s no surprise that the creative community has already paid a lot of tribute to Jobs. Comic artist Randall Munroe at xkcd shared this fitting memorial:
R. Stevens, the creator of Diesel Sweeties , also offered a simple but sweet visual memento:
Mac developers Panic talked about how Jobs has given direction to their lives in a splash page on their site, which I think sums up the feelings of most of us who work in the shadow of Apple. This, in particular strikes a chord:
Apple went from a marginal novelty to rewriting the rules of entire industries, in the blink of an i.
And as Apple grew, we grew.
And as Apple inspired, we were inspired.
Dylan Roscover, an L.A.-based graphic designer , created this beautiful image that fittingly uses font to tell a story about a man who obsessed over exactly those kinds of details.
Last but not least, there’s an image that’s been making the rounds almost as long as the news of Jobs’ death itself. Created by Jonathan Mak Long , a 19-year-old Hong Kong resident and designer, it seems to be acting as a touchstone for what many are feeling. So we’ll leave you with Long’s stunning, stark tribute as we get back to the business of watching and wondering as Apple changes the world.
Related research and analysis from GigaOM Pro:
