Actor James Dean Biography - bio, birthplace, death, quotes
James Dean and Marlon Brando caused problems in Sayville when they  were young students.
Brando imitated people from Sayville to develop characters, and got  expelled from school.
 
Both Marlon Brando and James Dean spent time in Sayville. When Marlon  Brando lived in Sayville, he got expelled from his school because of his bad  behavior (http://www.newsday.com/features/custom/ithappened/longisland/ny-iholi062904story.htmlstory).  The plot for "Rebel Without a Cause" was inspired by the early life of  Marlon Brando and "...Marlon Brando was originally cast for the lead role." (http://members.shaw.ca/giant/Film(3).htm).  The movie was never meant to be an actually biography of Marlon Brando, just  that his story of a wayward youth was compelling and movie maker Nicholas Ray  felt that Brando playing a part similar to himself would bring about the best  performance.
However, years went by and Brando was no longer suited for the part. This is  where James Dean came in. James Dean wanted to be just like Marlon Brando and  tried to live his life in his footsteps. Dean moved to New York and became a  student of the same school that Brando went to. Columnist Sidney Skolsky said, "The best way to describe Jimmy Dean quickly is to say he is Marlon Brando seven  years ago."  and a magazine said that he was "The Boy Who'd Like to Be  Brando." (http://www.bigmagic.com/pages/blackj/column76c.html).  James Dean even enrolled in the same school as the Brando, New School for Social  Research and had the same teachers such as Elia Kazan and "Lee Strasberg -  Actor's Studio(James Dean & Brando was his disciple) - lived on Fire island."  Marlon Brando was expelled from this school while a young student in Sayville  and got his first big break at the Sayville Summer Theatre. Elia Kazan was    involved in making "Rebel Without a Cause" and an important point was  that they believed in realist acting. In other words, using their own emotions  and being the character. According to Jack Grinnage, who acted in the movie, "Nick wanted us to be real teenagers . Not perfect Hollywood types. We felt we  were a gang. We even went out at night cruising the streets." (http://home1.gte.net/cpq175yy/index.htm) In addition, James Dean  personally knew Brando before he was famous. Dean, because of his style of  acting tried to live the life of Brando to master his art.
One of the reason why Dean ended up in Sayville was to live the life of  Brando. The way he funded this was, according to James Bellah of UCLA, "Dean  told me that he had spent the summer as a 'professional house guest' on Fire  Island--which was a big gay hangout." (http://www.americanlegends.com/Interviews/bellah.html)  James also would go out to Sayville on weekends with all his gay friends. Like  Brando, Dean was a troublemaker in Sayville. According to Betty Mulder of Sayville, "He would walk around town by himself." and "There  was friction with the kids from Sayville High School. This would not be unusual  because there were often conflicts between the homosexuals and the kids from the  high school."
Many  of the people involved in the movie "Rebel Without a Cause" either  owned homes on Fire Island, such as Lee Strasberg, or were frequent visitors  such as Elia Kazan. Most of the homosexuals working on the movie were either  from big cities or small towns, the only suburb they knew well was Sayville. It  was also the only suburb they were all familiar and knew in common. They would  often see the bad behavior and violent behavior of the kids in downtown  Sayville. This was linked to Marlon Brando, since he himself was a wild, out of  control student in Sayville. They were fascinated by the fact that children of  upper middle class parents could behave so badly. Their theory was parental  neglect.
The title of the movie came from a nonfiction book about a psychologist that  studied a wayward youth. According to American Museum of the Moving Image, "the  studio purchased free disposal of the title, which it could use on any story  whatsoever ... Ray's reason for keeping the title went deeper than mere  sensationalism: 1954 had seen the American publication of The Rebel, a  translation of L'Homme révolte which marked the revelation of Camus for two  generation of intellectuals." (http://www.movingimage.us/film_programs/program_notes/r/rebel_without_a_cause.html)  Thus although the movie was not based on the book, they could use the title  because the studio bought the right to it.
The reason why the backdrop of the movie was Las Angeles was  simply  because that is where the studio was located. One of the reasons why it was a  great movie was because the makers put a lot of effort in to it. Writer Stewart  Stern spent much time interviewing juvenile delinquents which added much to the  movie. According to his coach in Indiana, "His talk and mannerisms on screen  appeared to be Jim Dean and not so much playing a part." (Myth-Shattering Biography of an Icon - THE JAMES DEAN STORY 1975 Ronald  Martinetti) It was this search for realism that Dean was picked for the  part. He was to some extent playing himself.
An important aspect of all this is the idea of conformity and nonconformity  in the movie. To an extent the movie was showing a contrast between the people  of Fire Island to the people of Sayville. Lesbian author Tristan Taormino, who  grew up in Sayville, wrote in the Village Voice on May 18th, 2001 that "You  might think that back when I went to school, Sayville was a tiny bit hip or  liberal, since it is not only a suburb of New York City but also the famed place  where queers have been boarding the ferries to Fire Island since before I was  born. Trust me, it was like living in the middle of Iowa, tediously suburban,  but with more malls and different accents. There were no "out" gay students." In  the movie there was the contrast between Dean, Natalie Wood, and Sal Mineo (Who  was also frequently to Sayville and Fire Island) and on the other hand the  people of the town that did not accept them for what they were. The three of  them were not normal. For example, the character of Sal Mineo was homosexual,  and Natalie Wood had borderline incest with her father. According to the New  York Times, "The incestuous subtext of this relationship is discreetly  handled, but the audience knows what's going on in the minds of Judy and her  dad at all times." Furthermore, Filmsite (http://www.filmsite.org/rebel.html)  said " Sal Mineo's teen-aged character in the film was gay and troubled by  typical problems of in-the-closet homosexuals...") On the other hand was a  suburban town with conformist views and morals. According to Gay Activist Tom  Hroncich, who grew up in Sayville, "Some people in the gay community view  Sayville as an unfriendly place." It was this contrast that the filmmakers were  trying to portray.
 
<<<Marlon Brando and James Dean knew each      other in New York before Dean was famous. Dean is on the right.
            The young James Dean as he looked when he lived in New      York. >>>
<<<Both Marlon Brando and James Dean had      conflicts with people who were students at Sayville High School.
Downtown Sayville as Brando and Dean would remember      it.>>>
James Dean and Sal Mineo in the movie "Rebel Without a      Cause." Both were to Sayville. New York native and homosexual Sal Mineo was      a frequent visitor to Fire Island and Sayville.
 
 
How Marlon Brando got his First Big Break in Sayville
Marlon Brando got his first                                    acting job in Sayville. Following is an excerpt from Mr. Lawrence Grobel's book, "Conversations with Brando.": "In the summer                                    of 1944, as a member of New York's Dramatic                                    Workshop, he performed in Sayville, Long                                    Island, where casting agent Maynard Morris                                    'discovered' Brando." He was picked for  the lead by someone called Miss Terry. (From "A History of the  Sayville Community" by Charles P. Dickerson)
According to Lawrence Grobel, the way Brando learned acting while learning  from Stella Adler at the New School of Social Research was, "What he did mostly,  however, was observe people. He had the ability to pick up others'  characteristics and translate them into revealing gestures." Some of his  characters were developed from people from Sayville. The Washington Post said  Brando has a "penchant for blurring the personal with his art. (www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/  articles/A24876-2004Jul2_2.html Charismatic Rebel Transformed Movies by Adam  Bernstein Washington Post  July 3, 2004 Page A01) According to the  theory of acting taught to him and James Dean the acting should be based on  reality, and instead of just acting they should concentrate on behavior.
Marlon Brando's has his stage debut at the Dramatic Workshop in Sayville as Jesus in  Gerhart Hauptmann's play Hannele. His first big break was in Rodgers and  Hammerstein Broadway production of "I Remember Mama", by John Van Drutens.
 
 
 Marlon Brando was born in Omaha, Nebraska, on April 3rd 1924. His  family moved around, living in California, Illinois, and then he was sent to the  Shattuck Military Academy in Fairbult, Minnesota. He was expelled from the  school  for insubordination.
