Love it!
Artist Comments
Hello everyone it is I Dragon_Queen and I am here to submit some new tutorials for the day. Yesterday was a fun day for me because I uploaded the new dragon scheme layout that everyone seemed to love. But unfortunately, the amount of people that liked the layout, didn't over-weigh the people that didn't. So sorry to say, the old style layout will go back up by the end of today. Now, let's get back to my first tutorial submission shall we? I am going to start the day with an awesome sketched tutorial on “how to draw Marlon Brando step by step”. Marlon Brando is a movie star that has been acting since he was very young. Born in Nebraska in the year of 1924, during the spring month of April 3rd. His parents were very talented as well. His mother was an actress and administrator in local theatre, and she even gave some helpful acting advice to a then young Henry Fonda. Brando was  indeed one of the most talented actors that has ever lived. Every role that he took on was played with raw emotion. He was very skilled when it came to expressing his emotions when acting. Some of the more popular roles that he stared in was “A Street Car Named Desire” in which he played Stanley Kowalski, and that was in 1948, in 1953 he portrayed Julius Caesar, in 1953 he was mark Antony or Marcus Antonius, then he the lead star in “On the Waterfront” which he also won an Oscar for. One of his roles that he did back in the seventies with fellow actors, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall, and Talia Shire, was probably one of the most memorable of his acting career, which was, The Godfather. In the movie he played a character named Vito Corleone and he was a major mob boss in New York City. The movie was excellent and his character will forever be remembered. Brando did more roles but none could compare to the characters he played in “A Street Car Named Desire”, “The Godfather, and “Rebel Without a Cause”. Marlon Brando died back in 2004 and his presence and gift will be and has been missed. Did you know that he had eleven children? It's true, Marlon Brando was definitely a ladies man and he acknowledges eleven children that he is the father of and disputes the other children that he may or may not be the father to. His over powering face and personality made him one of the greatest actors of our time. I tried the best I could  to portray his powerful look for the movie cover of "The Godfather". This is one of my favorite movies and that is why I chose this picture of him to sketch out. It is now time for me to show you “how to draw Marlon Brando step by step” All the steps and instructions are laid out in the simplest format possible to help make this tutorial a breeze. I will return so stay tuned and keep that pencil in your hand.
Tags
