Marlon Brando
warning: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in /hsphere/local/home/c175988/pulmonaryfibrosis.org/sites/all/modules/pf/pf.module on line 85.
Brando couldn't enlist in the military during World War II because of his 4-F status. Instead, he joined his older sister Jocelyn in studying the Stanislavsky method of acting in New York under Stella Adler. Later, Brando was accepted at the famous Actor's Studio where actors had to audition to study with Lee Strasberg. Brando's style of acting made "The Method" famous and earned him the nickname, "The Method Man." Brando was a fast study, his brooding characterizations oozed sexuality and his performances were mesmerizing.
Brando made his stage debut in the late 1940's and in 1947 he landed the role of tormented Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire. In 1951 under controversial director Elia Kazan he garnered the first of four consecutive year Oscar nominations, playing Stanley in the screen adaptation of Tennessee William's Streetcar. Marlon continued his method acting methods. In 1950 Brando spent a month in a veteran's hospital in preparation for his role as a wounded paraplegic war casualty in, "The Men."
Brando was the original rebel without a cause. Early on he earned a reputation as being difficult to work with and for walking off films This was during the time when studios still owned their actors, who signed exclusive contracts to work for one studio. Studios called the shots and if actors didn't comply they didn't work. However, Brando's acting abilities made him a hot commodity so he was able to call the shots and set new rules.
His early motorcycle gang movie, "The Wild One," was the movie that was used as a model for Jimmy Dean, copying Brando's blue jeans, t-shirt and leather jacket clad style and sulky tormented demeanor. Brando was versatile; playing an angst ridden rebellious motorcycle gang leader then in subsequent movies he played a Mexican leader in "Viva Zapata" and gave a dancing and singing performance in "Guys and Dolls."
After four consecutive years of Oscar nominations, Brando won his first Oscar for his role as a down-trodden boxer in "On the Waterfront." Brando then had a string of financially unsuccessful films that culminated in 1962 with his performance as Fletcher Christian in "Mutiny on the Bounty." Brando's reputation as a temperamental troubled antagonist caused the film to run over budget several million. All of a sudden he wasn't Hollywood's golden boy anymore. Brando continued to venture into new territory, selecting edgy roles like playing a narcissistic closet homosexual in 1967's "Reflection in a Golden Eye." Brando's bad boy reputation and lack of box office success resulted in Francis Ford Coppola needing to fight with studio heads to get Brando an audition for his second Oscar winning role as Don Corleone in "The Godfather."
© 2012 Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation | 811 West Evergreen Avenue, Suite 204 | Chicago, Illinois 60642
888.733.6741 Phone | 866.587.9158 Fax | info@pulmonaryfibrosis.org
Design by Jennifer Ross Design
