Engineering
MARLON BRANDO
One of the prominent actors of world cinema.  Since 1944, played on Broadway in 1950 starred in the movie.  Notable for the impressive theatrical style, calm quiet voice, supporter of the Stanislavsky system.  Appeared in the films "The Men" (1950), "A Streetcar Named" Desire "(1951)," Viva Zapata "(1952)," Savage "(1953)," Julius Caesar "(1953)," On the Waterfront "(1954 , the award "Oscar"), "Young Lions" (1958), "The Chase" (1966), "The Godfather" (1972, the prize "Oscar"), "Last Tango in Paris" (1972), "Apocalypse Now" ( 1979), "Rookie" (1990), etc.
After entering the new film "A Streetcar Named" Desire "writer Elia Kazan said:" Marlon Brando - really the best actor in the world . . .  The beauty and character - it's excruciating pain that will always haunt him . . .  "
Hollywood realized that appeared extraordinary actor with a strong temperament, featuring a bright personality, a gift zavorazhivaniya.  Actor, behind which stands a great future.  Press, drawn by the agents and producers in Hollywood, began to create a buzz around the name of Marlon Brando: "He can play anything, and each of his new role will be great," "The young actor will bring glory not only themselves but also to the American cinema," "It will be symbol for the whole world . . .  His movies are love and hate, respect and fear . . .  "
Marlon Brando wanted fame.  He was tired of living in poverty and suffer from lack of money.  He knew that the divine is endowed with talent, which is demonstrated in "A Streetcar Named" Desire.  "He made a decision: his talent to be confirmed.  Marlon Brando again supported Kazan.
Hollywood producers were jubilant: born actor, who was on the "factory of dreams" was not.  Yes, this is a rebel, a wild and unstable in character, which originated from the animal.  It attracts the attention of millions of viewers and at the same time caused a feeling of fear.  Marlon Brando became the new "idol" of Hollywood.
Filled with primitive force, he appeals to a primarily young people, who went wild with delight when Marlon Brando, dressed in a leather jacket, appeared in the film "Savage" (1953).  All destroying in its path, he vehemently opposed the prevailing ways of life.  Young people, hypnotized by his looks and actions, has announced his idol Marlon Brando.  In 1960 the name of Marlon Brando began to appear more often in a scandalous chronicle.  "Genius of dark contemplation and independent stubbornness" was accused that he had a nasty and brutal nature that he no one can get along.  Even with his favorite female costs severely, not only changes them as gloves, but, endowed by nature "animal instincts", turning them into his slaves.
At these articles Marlon Brando nervously snapped, causing even more negative attitude toward myself, "I have a bad temper.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
And why? Definitely, because their private lives do not wish to make in public.  The actor, like any citizen of a free country, is entitled to their intimate acts . . .  "
That's what he told me about Marlon Brando in his life:
"In early childhood, we still have a normal house: father, mother and my two sisters, Frances and Jocelyn.  I adored my mother and her beauty, charm and ease with which she approached all cases, and the calm with which belonged to the little things .  But not for long. 's mother became increasingly disappearing from the house. 's neighbors to each other, there was talk that it is easier to meet Mrs.  Brando in a bar than a church or on the farm.  I stayed in the memory of a scene worthy of a great movie. 's mother came home drunk, she called cats in his bedroom and gave them valerian.  When drunk, they lay around her, she fell asleep with the blissful expression on his face, as if there was among his best friends.
Many years later, when she left her father, and I left the house, she came to visit me in New York drunk, fell to the floor, and I did not even raise it.  I leaned over it only after some time.  "You have no valerian?" - She asked.  Shortly after this meeting in 1954, she died.  But she was still waiting for my first success, the role of Stanley Kowalski in the film "A Streetcar Named" Desire.  "And then she told me:" You know, of Bath, the best in this play its title - "A Streetcar Named" Desire ". . .  Read the" Love Under the Elms "Oh? Nile Bath.  Do you know what real love? . . "
He had his own ideas about love.
"I like women who have had any visible defects.  I was irritated by all those Hollywood beauties, long before I began acting in movies.  I fell in love only once, in Arletty, looked after," Comedians ".  What a great movie! I went to Paris, where he met with the French star.  My God, Arletty was as polished stone - a smooth and shiny.  However, about her character could break your teeth.  She neglected everything and everyone.  I will never forget as a typical provincial parvenu anger she threw an ashtray at her maid of sandalwood and immediately afterwards took the most seductive pose: mysteriously downcast eyes, shapely legs, open up to the hips, the shadow of a smile at the tips of the lips . . .  "
Starring in the film "A Streetcar Named" Desire, "Brando had decided not to return to the theatrical stage.  But he liked to be in New York.  Brando recalled:
"I was living then in an apartment on Sixth Avenue not far from the" Carnegie Hall "and from time to time looked into the Actors Studio - mainly to chat with the girls.
One of them was Marilyn Monroe.  For the first time and very fleeting, I met her shortly after the war and now, at a party in New York, ran into her in the literal sense of the word.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
While other guests sang and danced, Marilyn sat alone in a corner of the room and something was playing on the piano.  Standing near it, I excitedly talked to one of the guests, holding a glass of drink, and when I called someone I greatly hurt his elbow and turned her head.  More precisely, not even touched - a blow, as I understand it, we got hurt.
"Oh jeez - I muttered, - please forgive me.  I do not purposely. "
Marilyn looked me straight in the eye and said, "Did you just say so. "
I realized that she was joking and laughing because then sat down beside her and said, "Let me show you how to play, but then you seem to be in this business quite a wimp. "
I tried as much as possible to fulfill better the few chords, then we have a little chat.  Later, having left, we rarely talked to each other on the phone.  And here once late at night I called her and said: "I fucking want now to come and see you, but if something is wrong - well, for example, you do not want me to do it - then and Tell me.  "
She did not say, I came to it, and pretty soon all the dreams of every American soldier of those times for me personally fulfilled.
Marilyn was a thin, sensitive, largely incomprehensible and also much more discerning woman than it used to be about thinking.  Life is thoroughly beaten her, and yet it has retained an amazing flair for people, I would even call it a kind of emotional intelligence - thus, perhaps, refined from all existing types of mind.  After that first meeting we never broke our relations and from time to time there until her death in 1962.  Often, she called and we talked for hours with her, including how she gradually realized that her then-producer Strasberg and others, too, but simply trying to use it.  However, I noticed that the emotional state of Marilyn became more stable.
Our last conversation took place over two or three days before her death.  She called me from his home in Los Angeles and invited to dinner.  I already had plans for that evening, so I offered to move our meeting next week.  She said: "Well," on which we parted.  Subsequently, it was said that it was in those days, she secretly met with Robert Kennedy and was depressed because of his desire to break with it.  Talking with Marilyn, I did not notice any signs of illness, and even then, if in those days it really was sleeping with someone, why she was inviting me to a dinner?
In fact, I well versed in the attitudes of people and are usually quite clearly perceive their feelings and during that my conversation with Marilyn, I did not feel on the part of any signs of depression or the desire to die, and so sure that she did not commit suicide .  If a person is really experiencing a long-term depression, then no matter how clever he may be and however subtly or trying to hide his condition, it still would be noticeable, especially to me, accustomed by nature to look closely to people and their moods.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
And if it really felt like Marilyn feelings, I could not not notice.  It is possible, of course, that she died from inadvertent overdose of sleeping pills, although I personally tend to think that it just killed.  "
But the "beauty Hindu" Kashf Anna background "klishirovannyh" Hollywood look exotic, the admiration of men and envy among women.  True, she acted only in the episodes, but it did not matter.  It fell in love with one and all.  Marlon Brando, greedy for women, too, could not pass.  They met over lunch in the dining room studio, "Paramount's" Anna and Marlon fascinated not only by its unusual appearance - dark golden skin, large, expressive dark eyes, long hair color "raven" - but the romantic tales of his childhood, held on the banks of the Ganges, the joys and sorrows, his escort, and that are true Indians . . .
Marlon Brando, without hesitation, decided to marry Anne.
"It was a very strange time in my life - recalled Marlon.  - A few months before the wedding I was in Japan, where filmed in the contentious film called" Sayonara, "directed by Joshua Logan, who told me to lose 10 pounds.  Oh, that American diet . . .
However, I've eaten all you like, thanks to my partner Miko Taka.  She brought in a number of rice cakes, abundantly watered with whipped cream, and fatty fish, beautiful fish, cooked in a spicy sauce.  A little more, and I'd fallen in love with her, so she was olive, and kosoglazenkaya and chernovolosenkaya and subtilnenkaya - a statuette of china . . .  What can I say, I was afraid to touch her.  It seemed to me that she had bones are fragile, as these cakes.  Well, then - in America was waiting for me, Anna . . .  "
October 11, 1957 Marlon Brando in his hand appeared a wedding ring.
"Our wedding was a quiet and without much publicity - told Marlon.  - Anna was wearing a blue sari, a beautiful and contrasting with her dark-olive skin.  It scholar of Buddhism.  Even though we had parted a few years, I can not forget that that she was telling me about their religion.  But I still do not know what is nirvana, and whether it is capable of sublimated happiness or joy in its extinction, and flour.  Thanks to Anna, I learned both . . .  "
But it was later.  And then, after the wedding, many, many girls in the world envied Anna, her happiness to be with Marlon Brando.  But it lasted not so long.
All seemed like an adventure movie with elements of melodrama.  As guests arrived the father of Anna Kashf, and talk of Marlon Brando suddenly learned that he was not a Hindu by birth, and was born in Iran, a suburb of Dalbini and Anna regular Iranian girl who never had their ancestors in India, and even lived in this country . . .
This news is so stunned by Marlon Brando that he was, despite the birth of his son Christian, who was madly in love, decided to divorce.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
But as described this romantic story Anna Kashf.
"It's hard to describe the charm of Brando.  It was a whirlwind, whirlpool . . .  he screwed me.  I loved him, hated and endured.  When he said, it is often stuttered, embarrassed, and often carrying just utter nonsense.  But at the same time he like a magnet, attracted journalists, intellectuals, and a regiment of admirers.
As a seducer Brando was quite awkward, did not deserve the attention and as a lover.  But this did not prevent him to get a cohort of innumerable sexual partners: women, men and creatures "neuter. "
My first encounter with Brando took place in October 1955 in the dining room studio "Paramount", its bustling atmosphere reminiscent of the train station in Bombay.  I could not adjust to American mores.  I could not understand how such a movie star can absorb untold amounts of food while trying to shout over the deafening hubbub of the dining room, excitedly and waving his arms.
I sat at a table with Harry and Means A.  Lisle, assistant producer of the film "Mountains", in which I was then busy.  Suddenly felt that a man looks at me intently.  Noticing my gaze, the man quickly turned and began to study the back of the head in front of a seated blonde.  But later he came to my table and introduced us to Lille.
"Hi" - he said.  His voice resembled the grinding tracks, and his hair was straw-colored, heavy massive jaw expressed a mixture of nostalgia, sensibility and indifference at the same time, a gray-blue eyes in a tent eyebrows discernible passion and inexhaustible strength.
I smiled, he looked embarrassed.  I bowed my head, he was even more embarrassed and hurried retreat.  Thus began our acquaintance.
. . .  It was only later chronicles of the Hollywood newspaper where I read about our dinner with him, I realized that Brando is probably the most popular actor of America.  I'm not even aware of it.  My ignorance of it amused Marlon.
I slept with him more out of curiosity.  His manner was full of tricks to take care guillotine.  That evening we watched TV at my house.  Without saying a word, Marlon picked me up and carried her into the bedroom.  When I inquired after him, whether it was something like rape, he replied: "Rape - it's just a friendly attack the army. "
In love, he was very selfish partner, looking for enthusiasm and naturalness, but in the range of his feelings completely lacked tenderness.  I knew that Brando has a sexual relationship "of all kinds," with all "types" of partners.  He said he wanted to try everything.
Our relationship lasted, but I always felt its fragility.  After making love Brando could disappear without saying a word.  He never spun the mysterious cocoon common to many lovers, rarely thought of small favors, such as flowers and chocolates, and after quarreling with me always Marlon did not ask, except in three in the morning.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
To appear in public with Brando's meant to indulge the vagaries of his many fans.  Some wanted to "touch the girl, which touched Marlon," while others, more aggressive, tried to get me a glove or a handkerchief as a souvenir.  Some melted, the other became an idiot, dumb, deaf, stammering, or tried to, even worse, to take over his rough style of communication.  It was "movie star syndrome" . . .
When I got sick and was admitted to the hospital, Marlon seemed to be replaced, he was unusually attentive and affectionate to me.  One day, entering into my house, with a threshold, said: "I must tell you something important.  You know my feelings for you.  I want to marry you. "
Our engagement has not changed the relationship.  Brando continued to visit me in hospital, and away I wrote ambiguous letters in which he often made fun of me.  With great pleasure he called me "fat ass".  And this was not the end.  One letter he even began: "Anna, to notify you that your ass was just gigantic.  Let me tell you this as many times as I like.  I know that only by his natural sensitivity you'll be the first time I push the truck ban on which to rest your ass, but after a while you get used to it.  " With the same childishness, I returned to him in letters to all sorts of definitions for it, "stuffed with ham. "
A week later, Marlon showed up with a wedding ring - four groups of gems set into platinum.  Before you report this "important surprise," he took a long look my little finger.
When I came out of the hospital and within a few weeks to recover, Marlon often accompanied me to the movies or dinner drove to the restaurant.  However, he invariably used his second car, the old "Volkswagen", clogged the banks of beer, wrappers "McDonald's" and pages from old magazines.  In whatever I was - in an evening dress or a silk sari - that a waste bin on wheels always drove me to the restaurant, as Prime Minister.  A gorgeous white "Thunderbird" - Sam Goldwyn Marlon gift for his role in one of the films - always stayed in the garage for purely personal travel Brando.  This has been an integral feature of fetishism Marlon.
By Marlon could always expect "surprises".  Once, just before Christmas, he left Los Angeles.  I and all your friends were convinced that he - in Japan, which began at this time of shooting, "Sayonara. " Marlon night on Christmas Eve I got a call, I spoke with a "coral coast" hotel in Honolulu.
"Marlon, what are you doing in Hawaii?"
"I mean . . .  well . . .  (mumble) . . .  I thought you might be pleasantly for me to come . . . "
Of course, I did just that.  Marlon father took me to the airport.  But in Honolulu, I roamed the two o'clock in the airport building waiting for Marlon.  I was furious.  Intuition tells me that this time he spends on treason.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
As I learned later, he tidies the room, removing the traces of nocturnal pranks.  On the road from the airport, I stubbornly silent.  Marlon broke the silence: "You get mad that I waited two hours? Well, do something blow up!"
We were traveling at a speed of 100 kilometers.  I turned and gave him a slap, he just lost control and the brakes.
"Why did you do that?"
"You do it himself advised," - I replied calmly.
I hit someone the first time in my life.  Who could know that it foretells our many battles in the future . . .
The last days of my celibacy were in extreme excitement.  Did we really love each other? I was tormented by doubts.  Can Brando in anything else other than the surface of feelings? He, of course, an extraordinary man, but his personality, which is always in a tailspin, is able to pierce my brain was.  And yet - for him the art of life replaced.
Returning from Japan, Marlon brought elements of Eastern culture and demanded from me to our evenings were "in Japanese. " For Brando, this meant that I had to wear traditional clothing geisha.  In a long skirt and wooden shoes, bowing, kneeling on a mat, bring him a cup of sake, wipe his forehead with a damp towel, and laugh at his jokes and let him look at me a kimono in order to ascertain whether there is underwear.
Marlon often indulged in a soul-searching.  "We need to love - he said at such moments.  - This is the only meaning to our lives.  And I can not love.  I can not find the person who would make me forget about myself.  But I do really want to. "
Wedding day - October 11, 1957 - even for California fall turned out to be too hot.  On the morning of "Pazadene" Marlon has bought a wedding circuit, then put on a dress chosen for the ceremony: a black cape to cape-blue suit with a collar on the head - black felt hat pulled down tightly over his ears in his hands - a cane.  Only Marlon this dress might seem appropriate - he had the feeling fine.
Suddenly it dawned on me that I can not get married to a Christian church without a bouquet of white lilies.  After several calls to San Francisco for them was sent to the aircraft, and the ceremony was delayed for several hours.  When Lily finally arrived, I was so exhausted that she said would be "yes" . . .  and baboons
Wedding night was no different from our previous nights.  Marlon showed no special nor gallantry, nor zeal, nor the enthusiasm typical of young newlyweds.  I was disappointed that we did not go on a honeymoon, do not cross the Pacific Ocean, has not visited any of the European capitals.
Becoming Madam, I became a Hollywood celebrity.  But with a change in our status has changed and our relationship.  Plighted lovers, we quarreled and were reconciled, married, have less to argue, but much less communicate.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
Even the birth of a small Christian Devi did not improve our relations.  "No baby, no marriage will not change the fact, what I'm used to life" - Marlon told me.  The child gave him pleasure, he tickled him and lulling.  With me he was very cold.
We both felt that divorce is inevitable, but Marlon was against it, often repeating the French aphorism: "The bonds of marriage are so heavy that they must bear alone. "
. . .  One morning, collecting things, I took Dewi up and left our house.  Less than a month after my departure, when I was reading in his room and rang the bell, Jay Kanter, assistant Marlon.  In the institute, he shouted a few words: "Anna, it's terrible . . .  I have . . .  He's Marlon terrible condition . . .  drunk pills . . .  tied his hands (I wonder if I flashed the thought, as he managed to do this? . . ) It is the pool . . .  . . .  He wants to go jump! "
"Stop him! Hold - I cried into the phone.  - I'll be right. " Run down to the car, not even looking at whether the nurse for Devi.  A few minutes had entered the gates of the house Brando.  Marlon teetered on the edge of the ramp.  He was wearing tennis sneakers and an Indian shirt, Jay Kanter tried to hold his hand.
"All right, I come! - I called Kanter.  Then she turned to Marlon and cried: - Well, jump, son of a bitch I want to watch you drown!" I think that this "suicide attempt" was just window dressing.
When I look back on years spent with Brando: our love, marriage, our son Davey, our divorce, and numerous skirmishes, I understand that only laughter helped me survive . . .  But along with the laughter I experienced the drugs, booze, depression, suicide attempts.  The events of those years beyond human comprehension.  And one can not defeat an army laugh, which is called Marlon Brando.  "
In order to rehabilitate himself as a man, Marlon hits on an adventure for adventure - random communication drinking . . .  There were days and even weeks, when he unexpectedly shut himself in his painful loneliness.
In 1962 he spent in Tahiti vacation with his new wife, Polynesian, French Polynesia has acquired a small uninhabited island in the five square miles.  Having achieved worldwide fame, he decided to settle on it and live with Taritoy recluse.
That's what he told Marlon Brando of his second marriage:
"My second wife was a real Tahitian.  I met her when I played in the film LA Milestone" Mutiny on the "Bounty" (1962).  Her name was Tarita.  I admired not only her beauty but also the naturalness with which she refers to herself and others.  For taityanok nudity is something that shaven skull for Yul Brynner.  In dress they feel as awkward as Brynner felt wigs.
In Tarity had long dark hair, long and slender neck and beautiful brown breasts, which she does not cover for a child.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
So we were going to get married.  I am in a light linen suit, and Tarita in "national costume" - with her hair color in the skirt and a garland of flowers around his neck . . .
Alas! In America, marriage - it is very important and strict ritual.  Tarita was forced to throw a shawl over his shoulders, obscuring her all that her family put up every day in the sun . . .
The scandal broke just a few days.  At home, at a wedding reception, which we organized, my wife appeared in the original Tahitian costume.  At the sight of her, William Holdon already screamed with delight, and then he blurted out: "Yes, you have the same chest more beautiful than Liz!"
Of course, his words were quickly transferred to Elizabeth Taylor, only sensitive about their bust . . .  Hollywood roared . . .  And here, as usual, Elia Kazan was indispensable.  He sent a telegram Tarite beginning with the words: "Rose of Sharon Naiprekrasneyshey . . . "
Departing from the beautiful wife on our own island, Marlon Brando before his departure made a stunning declaration: "I never really did not like to be removed, but there was nothing else that would give a lot of money for such tomfoolery . . .  I am tired to death of people who met me and said hello, and stop waiting for that now I run into them with something heavy . . .  "
Marlon Brando has nagging weakness for women of exotic species and above all - endowed by nature with olive skin color.  All of his mistress and his wife did not belong to the "white master race. "
Having an affair with Marlon almost always arose instantly and ended the birth of a new baby.  By Anna, his first wife, was born Christian, has made thirty-two year felony, for which he was sentenced to nine years in prison, and Simon Sheyen - by his second wife, Tarity Teriipia, which is claimed he loved the most, a small Nina - by Kristina Rune, 30-year-old maid, a native of Guatemala.
Nina was born May 13, 1989, when M.  Brando was sixty-five years.  Having learned that Christina should be delivered, Marlon Brando agreed to be present at birth.  He acknowledged his daughter, gave her his name and became concerned about her and her mother gave them a house not far from his pompous villa in Santa Monica, gave money, though, as noted, not too big.
"I never would have believed that I could at that age have such a fondness and affection for this little creation . . . " - Marlon admitted.
Six children found to have Marlon Brando and his family name.  And six others, according to the press, have with him even meetings.
. . .  The tragic incident took place in a villa at Brando.  His first-born, Christian, shot from a pistol Doug Drolleta, groom 20-year-Sheyen, his half-sister.
Again in the scandalous history of the name sounded Marlon Brando.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
He himself was so impressed that he had nothing to tell the detective, who came to interrogate him.  The face of the great actor was flooded with tears, his mental and physical condition was so deteriorated that Marlon Brando was forced to go to bed.
. . .  Youth and youth have passed, gradually gave way to mature age, both physical and spiritual.  Marlon Brando was in a rather difficult situation.  Friends visited him often, everyone has his own affairs and problems.  The state of health forced him to often spend time in bed, not to work . . .  Three times a week to his villa, the gift they battered small car, came Christina - maid-mistress who bore him four years, three children.
If internally he remained the same character and it does not become softer, then he looks had changed.  Former handsome, stately man of athletic form has ceased to be graceful, his body turned into a shapeless heap of meat, fat oplyvshego.  In 1970, he weighed 114 pounds during the filming of the movie "Apocalypse Now" in which he appeared only 8 minutes - already 123 pounds . . .  In the days of the terrible tragedy at the villa of his body weight is 137 pounds.  His thick hair is not only thinner, but left the front of the head, face, once bewitch women became puffy . . .  His physical health to fail, but it became one of the richest men and was then aspired since childhood - has ceased to depend on money.
Marlon Brando, one of the greatest actors of all time, died July 1, 2004 at the age of 80 years.  During the six months before his death, Marlon Brando said he finally was ready to die and even wrote a detailed script of his own funeral.  In February, doctors have diagnosed Brando: the last stage of coronary heart disease and obesity.  In recent months, the actor barely spoke, and refused food.  At the same time Brando did not want to be treated in a hospital, preferring to die at home.
His instructions for the funeral took dozens of dictated tapes.  In the scenario painted even then, who should and should not be invited.  Brando was hoping that the sad ceremony will lead Jack Nicholson.  He also wanted to present a few words said Michael Jackson.  The actor expressed his desire to be cremated and the ashes scattered among the palms Tahitian island he once owned.
Shortly before his death, the Godfather of all time was practically bankrupt.  As it became known British "Times", he owed more than eleven million dollars.  Brando, once one of the brightest stars in Hollywood in recent years lived in a small bungalow with one bed, only received a welfare payment from creditors and hiding their kinonagrad, including the "Oscar" for his role as Don Corleone.
Top article
Sofia Loren
Sophia Loren, Shikolone real name, was born September 20, 1934, in Clinic of Queen Margaret. Mother Sophia — Romilda Wilanow, comes from the fishing village of Pozzuoli, arrived in Rome, where he was to meet with Ricardo Shikolone. When Romilda pregnant, then abandoned Ricardo zhinitsya on it.
Coco Chanel
Coco Chanel - she freed a woman from the XX century corsets and created a new silhouette freeing her body. Fashion designer Coco Chanel revolutionized the shape of a woman, she became an innovator and trendsetter, her ideas contrary to the canons of the old fashion.
Katharine Hepburn
In the city of Hartford, in the summer May 12, 1907 into a wealthy family, was born Katherine Hepber. His father, Thomas Norvel Hepburn, was a wonderful doctor and his mother, Katharine Houghton in March, the daughter of a wealthy owner of a local glass factory.
