Instructions
1
Visit eBay to find a listing of all Marlon Brando memorabilia currently being sold on the site. You can narrow your search to "Photographs of Marlon Brando," "Vintage Marlon Brando Movie Posters," "Personal Belongings of Marlon Brando." Or you can search for a specific movie, decade or collector's item. Try other sites like www.shopzilla.com and www.moviegoods.com.
2
Review each item for authenticity. If the item(s) is not certified as the "Original Document" or, in the case of an autograph, is not certified as being the "Verified Signature" of Marlon Brando, investigate how the person obtained the item. Request the original date of purchase or chain of command. To eliminate dubious or erroneous claims of ownership, filter out sellers unable to certify the authenticity of the item by an authorized third party.
3
Read trade magazines for the dates of each studio's yearly memorabilia auction. It is very difficult to research each item that will be auctioned during the day-long, or sometimes, week-long event(s). However, items with large appeal or historical value are usually promoted to attract a high number of large bidders. A rare Marlon Brando autograph may not be promoted as the key item of the auction, but a costume worn by the actor would most likely receive enormous publicity and fanfare. Do your homework and ask questions.
4
Visit Marlon Brando appreciation websites. Many fans collect and trade memorabilia from the actor's life and career. In most cases, you will find movie memorability, autographed photographs and posters, sound recordings, rare screen test footage and rare television appearances. If you are unable to purchase the materials, most appreciation  websites offer free viewings of its screen test footage and archived interviews.
5
Do your research. If you are planning to travel, find out if Marlon Brando ever made a film in the city you are traveling to. Get on the Internet and do a broad search for Marlon Brando museums, appreciation clubs, movie memorability auction houses, or even just a local website with memorabilia for sale. Ask questions of the locals. Find out if any memorability exists in the area. If it does not, think outside of the box. Visit the location where the film was made and document your experience as a video diary. You may be able to sell high-quality photographs or silent footage of the actor's old residence(s), school(s), movie location(s) or favorite restaurant(s).
Tips & Warnings
Think outside of the box and never stop asking people what they have to share, sell or exchange.
Related Searches:
