Marlon Brando Tahitian Dancing!
When humanitarian organization UNICEF (United Nations Children's Fund) organized a gala in Paris in 1967, Marlon Brando -- who was actively involved with UNICEF causes -- agreed to participate. And he must have decided he was going to have a good time with it, judging by this performance!
Marlon Brando'grandson - Tuki Brando
From Wikipedia: Tuki Brando (born 1990) is a fashion model and actor from Tahiti and currently the face of Versace menswear. The son of Cheyenne Brando and Dag Drollet, he is the grandson of Academy Award-winning American actor Marlon Brando and Golden Globe-nominated Tahitian actress Tarita Teriipia. Tuki Brando's mother, Cheyenne Brando, was the daughter of Marlon Brando and his third wife Tarita Teriipia, a Tahitian whom he met while filming Mutiny on the Bounty in 1962. His father, Dag Drollet, was killed by his mother's half-brother, Christian, in 1990, before Tuki was born.[1] Cheyenne Brando, suffering from alcohol and drug abuse was committed to a hospital and diagnosed with schizophrenia shortly after Tuki's birth. She committed suicide in 1995, by hanging herself in her mother's home. Tuki was subsequently raised in Tahiti by his grandmother Teriipia.[1] Despite seeing his grandfather regularly while growing up, 13-year-old Tuki Brando was omitted from the elder Brando's will, estimated to be worth over $22 million dollars. Brando's will did include Teriipia, friends and nine of his children. Brando came to modelling when a family friend suggested him to a modelling agent. His first job was in 2006, when photographer Bruce Weber shot Brando for L'Uomo Vogue, the Italian men's version of Vogue: the magazine's cover and a 22-page spread inside.[2] Photographer Mario Testino spotted Brando in Milan, Italy and he quickly gained attention in the fashion world. Soon ...
Marlon Brando's son, Christian, on the Skip E. Lowe Globe
Christian Brando interview. Son of actor, Marlon Brando dicusses his near death experience on the high seas. Skip E. Lowe Show. Extensive front cover article appeared in 'well respected' magazine 'The Globe' this week. Distributed to millions of readers throughout the United States.
TRIBUTE TO MARLON BRANDO : APOCALYPSE NOW HORROR HAS A FACE
I've seen horrors...horrors that you've seen. But you have no right to call me a murderer. You have a right to kill me. You have a right to do that...But you have no right to judge me. It's impossible for words to describe what is necessary to those who do not know what horror means. Horror. Horror has a face...And you must make a friend of horror. Horror and moral terrorare your friends. If they are not then they are enemies to be feared. They are truly enemies. I remember when I was with Special Forces...Seems a thousand centuries ago...We went into a camp to innoculate the children. We left the camp after we had innoculated the children for Polio, and this old man came running after us and he was crying. He couldn't see. We went back there and they had come and hacked off every innoculated arm. There they were in a pile...A pile of little arms. And I remember...I...I...I cried... I wept like some grandmother. I wanted to tear my teeth out. I didn't know what I wanted to do. And I want to remember it. I never want to forget it. I never want to forget. And then I realized...like I was shot...Like I was shot with a diamond...a diamond bullet right through my forehead...And I thought: My God...the genius of that. The genius. The will to do that. Perfect, genuine, complete, crystalline, pure. And then I realized they were stronger than we. Because they could stand that these were not monsters...These were men...trained cadres...these men who fought with their hearts, who ...
