Share
American actor Marlon Brando stands in an open doorway, wearing a leather jacket and hat in a still from the film, 'The Wild One,' directed by Laszlo Benedek, 1953. Photo: Columbia Pictures/Courtesy of Getty Images
Joe's Jeans Inc ., is being sued by the estate of the late actor Marlon Brando for using his iconic name to brand and market a line of leather jackets, MarketWire reports .
The lawsuit claims that the premium denim maker has consistently used Brando's name throughout the marketing of a leather jacket , "The Brando," as well as a producing an e-newsletter titled, " The Wild One ," which references one of the actor's most famous films, in which he wore a black leather jacket (pictured, left).
Brando Enterprises, an arm of the Marlon Brando Living Trust, seeks to recover damages caused by the unlicensed marketing and an injunction to halt sales of the products.
According to the suit, "At no time did (Brando Enterprises) ever give permission to ( Joe's Jeans ) to use the name and mark 'Brando' or 'The Brando'....nor has (Brando Enterprises) ever received any compensation for such unauthorized commercial use of Brando publicity rights."
The suit was filed this month in Los Angeles by licensing and entertainment lawyer Jeffrey I. Abrams on behalf of the Brando estate's co-trustees including; movie producer Mike Medavoy, business manager Larry Dressler and family friend Avra Douglas.
A search of Joe's retail web site today did not turn up the offending jacket, StyleList did find a classic mens' leather look dubbed, "The Motor Jacket" (pictured above) selling for $539.
Perhaps the high-end denim line that boasts a celebrity following might have been better off sticking with some of the catchy branding names from its popular ladies jeans such as " The Honey, " or " The Provocateur ."
StyleList can just imagine the, um, legal negotiations that could go down over this dispute.
Cue "The Godfather" soundtrack and the raspy voice of patriarch Vito Corleone (as played by Brando): "I'm going to make make him an offer he can't refuse." Case closed Joe's.
