• The Ugly American [1] at the Internet Movie Database
References
[1] http:/ / www. imdb. com/ title/ tt0056632/
The Lankershim Company and Universal Pictures. both men compete for her affections. agreeing that loser leaves town. The film stars Marlon Brando. The music score was by Hans J. While masquerading as a deposed Middle European prince. Brando's zany antics prevent several women from tying the knot with Niven. David Niven and Shirley Jones. until they discover her true financial situation.  .Bedtime Story (film)  66  Bedtime Story (film) Bedtime Story  Original film poster Directed by Produced by Written by Starring Ralph Levy Stanley Shapiro Stanley Shapiro Paul Henning Marlon Brando David Niven Shirley Jones Hans J.  Plot In his first comedic role. When Shirley Jones appears as an American soap queen. Salter  Music by  Cinematography Clifford Stine Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Milton Carruth Universal Pictures 10 June 1964 99 min USA English  Bedtime Story is a 1964 comedy film made by Pennebaker Productions. Salter and the cinematography by Clifford Stine. Niven's plans to oust his competitor backfire when the brash Brando portrays Niven's dim-witted brother. Marlon Brando joins David Niven to portray two charming scoundrels who prey on wealthy single women in this lighthearted romantic comedy set on the French Riviera. It was directed by Ralph Levy and produced by Stanley Shapiro with Robert Arthur as executive producer from a screenplay by Stanley Shapiro and Paul Henning.
.... Fanny Eubank Aram Stephan . Miss Harrington Henry Slate . Sattler Norman Alden ..... Anna Cynthia Lynn .. Frieda Ilse Taurins . Gina  References External links • Bedtime Story (http://www. Janet Walker Dody Goodman .. Mrs.imdb... and was the basis for the 1988 comedy film Dirty Rotten Scoundrels... Sutton Rebecca Sand ...allmovie.com/title/tt0057878/) at the Internet Movie Database • Bedtime Story (http://www. Andre Parley Baer .........  67  Cast • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • Marlon Brando .. Lawrence Jameson Shirley Jones . Col..com/work/bedtime-story-4574) at Allmovie  ...Bedtime Story (film) Filmed on location at Cannes....... Miss Trumble Frances Robinson ......... Williams Marie Windsor ... Freddy Benson David Niven . Hilda Francine York ... the laugh-filled comedy was written and produced by Stanley Shapiro (who received an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for the 1959 romantic comedy film Pillow Talk)... Dubin Susanne Cramer ..
The film stars Marlon Brando.  Synopsis Robert Crain is a German pacifist living in India during the Second World War.  . He is blackmailed by the Allies into using his demolition expertise to cripple a Nazi ship carrying rubber from Japan. Janet Margolin and Trevor Howard. Hall Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Joseph Silver Twentieth Century-Fox 1965 123 minutes United States English  Morituri (also known as The Saboteur and Code Name Morituri) is a 1965 film about the sabotage of a German merchant ship full of rubber.Morituri (1965 film)  68  Morituri (1965 film) Morituri (The Saboteur)  original movie poster Directed by Produced by Written by Starring Bernhard Wicki Aaron Rosenberg Daniel Taradash Marlon Brando Yul Brynner Janet Margolin Trevor Howard Jerry Goldsmith  Music by  Cinematography Conrad L.  Awards It was nominated for two Oscars in the 39th Academy Awards (1966). Yul Brynner. The Allies hope to recover the ship before it is scuttled by the Captain because rubber was in short supply and essential for various uses in the war effort. for best black-and-white cinematography and best black-and-white costume design. It was directed by Bernhard Wicki.
the film was reissued as "Saboteur: Code Name Morituri". The title "Morituri" is the plural of a Latin word meaning "about to die". In an attempt to be more commercial. morituri te salutant)  External links • Morituri (The Saboteur) [1] at the Internet Movie Database  References [1] http:/ / www. com/ title/ tt0059470/  .Morituri (1965 film)  69  Reception The film did not do well on its original release. imdb. Urban myth (not academically agreed) suggested that Roman gladiators in the arena would begin their battles with "Morituri te salutamus" or "Morituri te salutant" (We/They who are about to die salute you). probably at least in part because few people understood its title. (See WIkipedia's article on this expression: Ave Imperator.
The Chase (1966 film)  70  The Chase (1966 film) The Chase  Directed by Produced by Written by Starring  Arthur Penn Sam Spiegel Horton Foote (play "The Chase") Lillian Hellman screenplay (Spiegel had it rewritten) Marlon Brando Jane Fonda Robert Redford E. but after working on the film for 3 months. The film boasts an all star cast headlined by Marlon Brando. Paul Williams thought this movie would be his big break. 1966 133 minutes United States English  The Chase is a 1966 American drama film directed by Arthur Penn. Other notable cast members are Jane Fonda. he had just a [1] small part. Brando would later cite this scene as an example of Method acting.  . the escape causes a stir in a nearby town where Bubber is a well-known figure. The film deals with themes of racism (including scenes in which black men are harassed by white men). The movie is perhaps best known for a scene in which the sheriff played by Marlon Brando is brutally beaten by three of the vigilantes. G. small-town corruption (the sheriff is falsely assumed to be in the pocket of the man who helped appoint him). Robert Redford. about a series of events set into motion by a prison break. and vigilantism (in the form of townspeople who openly defy the sheriff in their search for Bubber). Angie Dickinson. sexual revolution (many of the characters are openly engaged in affairs). Marshall Angie Dickinson John Barry  Music by  Cinematography Joseph LaShelle & Robert Surtees (uncredited) Editing by Studio Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Gene Milford Horizon Pictures Columbia Pictures February 19. Miriam Hopkins and Robert Duvall. Since one of the two escapees is Charlie "Bubber" Reeves (played by a then-unknown Robert Redford).
. Songfacts. Marshall Angie Dickinson Janice Rule Miriam Hopkins Martha Hyer Richard Bradford Robert Duvall James Fox Diana Hyland Henry Hull Jocelyn Brando Katherine Walsh Lori Martin Marc Seaton Paul Williams Clifton James Role Sheriff Calder Anna Reeves Charlie 'Bubber' Reeves Val Rogers Ruby Calder Emily Stewart Mrs. G. html). 2007. the film offered a confused picture of the South: both films would later get eclipsed by the critically acclaimed In the Heat of the Night. Briggs Verna Dee Cutie Paul (as Marc Skaton) Seymour Lem  Malcolm Atterbury Mr. Like the Otto Preminger film Hurry Sundown.  References [1] Paul Williams interview (http:/ / www. 359 pages. Retrieved July 9.The Chase (1966 film)  71  Featured cast Actor Marlon Brando Jane Fonda Robert Redford E. ISBN 978-0-471-69159-4. Hoboken.  Further reading • Parish. Reeves Mary Fuller Damon Fuller Edwin Stewart Jason 'Jake' Rogers Elizabeth Rogers Briggs Mrs. New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. pp. it did not attract the success and audience it needed.A History of Hollywood’s Iconic Flops. com/ int/ 2007/ 06/ paul-williams. The critics felt it was not as powerful as it could have been. James Robert (2006). Although there was an all star cast.. Reeves  Reaction The Chase opened to poor box office. songfacts. Fiasco .
html) Read the second review on this page by D.com/title/tt0060232/) at the Internet Movie Database  .dvdtalk.The Chase (1966 film)  72  External links • DVD Savant (http://www.DVD DiaTribe (http://www.imdb.com/diatribe/57. Holm • The Chase (http://www.com/dvdsavant/s1124chase.moviepoopshoot. K.html) comprehensive DVD review by Glenn Erickson • Movie Poop Shoot .
who was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of a Mexican bandit. The 2008 Appaloosa film (starring Ed Harris and Viggo Mortensen) is not related nor a remake of this film. Furie. Anjanette Comer and John Saxon. although it has almost the same title.  .The Appaloosa  73  The Appaloosa The Appaloosa  Theatrical poster Directed by Produced by Written by Starring Sidney J. Furie Alan Miller James Bridges Roland Kibbee Marlon Brando Anjanette Comer John Saxon Emilio Fernández Míriam Colón Frank Skinner  Music by  Cinematography Russell Metty Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Language Ted J. English  The Appaloosa (also known as Southwest to Sonora) is a 1966 American Western film Technicolor (set in the 1870s) from Universal Pictures starring Marlon Brando. Kent Universal Pictures January 1966 98 min. The film was directed by Sidney J. shot in Mexico.
the Appaloosa) of Matt Fletcher (Marlon Brando). The rifle Brando uses in the beginning is a Sharps Buffalo Rifle. but finds matters more complicated than expected when he meets the girlfriend of the bandit. com/ movie/ 2685/ The-Appaloosa/ overview  External links • The Appaloosa (http://www. Mann as Priest Argentina Brunetti as Yaqui woman  References [1] http:/ / mysticmoviereviews. A later foray into Medina's camp results in a brutal arm wrestling match in a bar between Fletcher and the bandito. As the bandit prepares to aim for the horse. nytimes.jsp?stid=67526) at the TCM Movie Database • The Appaloosa (http://www. but has been brutalized and effectively discarded. Chuy Medina (John Saxon) with the help of the bandit's girlfriend.com/title/title. Matt fires and kills him.  Cast • • • • • • • • • • Marlon Brando as Matt Fletcher Anjanette Comer as Trini John Saxon as Chuy Medina Emilio Fernández as Lazaro Alex Montoya as Squint Eye Míriam Colón as Ana Rafael Campos as Paco Frank Silvera as Ramos Larry D. Matt and Trini then cross the border with the Appaloosa to start a new life. Again left to die. revealing his position. who despises her "lover". Trini was sold to Chuy at the age of 15. sends out the Appaloosa to draw Chuy's fire. realizing that Trini means more to him than the horse. a Mexican-American buffalo hunter who returns home only to have his beloved horse stolen by a powerful bandit. and prefers Fletcher's company. It was released as Southwest to Sonora in the United Kingdom. which later costs the old man his life.[2] This film has been called "Brando's spaghetti western". com/ 2008/ 07/ 18/ the-appaloosa-1966/ [2] http:/ / movies. Fletcher is subjected to torture and humiliation by Chuy and his minions. She gets him assistance from a kindly old peasant. Fletcher is forced to choose between Trini and his beloved Appaloosa.allmovie. sunlight glints on his gun barrel. Fletcher loses and is stung on the arm by a scorpion.imdb. During the violence-laden climax. Chuy.The Appaloosa  74  Plot The title character is a beautiful horse (a breed. Matt.com/work/2685) at Allmovie  .com/title/tt0060120/) at the Internet Movie Database • The Appaloosa (http://tcmdb. Fletcher is rescued by Trini.[1] Matt begins to hunt down the bandit to recapture the horse. Trini (Anjanette Comer) in the border town of Ojo Prieto.
Nevertheless."[3] It was originally started as a film called 'Stowaway'[4] in the 1930's. critics such as Tim Hunter and Andrew Sarris. as well as the poet John Betjeman. Chaplin's cameo marked his final screen appearance.  .500. However. She was a Russian singer and dancer that "was a stateless person marooned in France without a passport." [2] The idea according to a press release written by Chaplin after the movie received a negative reception wrote that the film "resulted from a visit I made to Shanghai in 1931 where I came across a number of titled aristocrats who had escaped the Russian Revolution. and his only color film. This resulting film nearly 30 years after its inception resulted in critical failure. and was unsuccessful at the box office. and Sydney Earle Chaplin. Sophia Loren. the films almost unanimous bad reviews made Chaplin extremely distraught. considered the film among Chaplin's best works. or "Skaya"[1] as he calls her in his 1922 book "My Trip Abroad". 1967 120 minutes United Kingdom English $3.000 (estimated)  A Countess from Hong Kong is a 1967 British comedy film and the last film directed by Charlie Chaplin. became the hit song "This Is My Song" for Petula Clark. planned for Paulette Goddard.A Countess from Hong Kong  75  A Countess from Hong Kong A Countess from Hong Kong  Movie Poster Directed by Produced by Written by Starring Music by Charlie Chaplin Charlie Chaplin Jerome Epstein Charlie Chaplin Marlon Brando Sophia Loren Charlie Chaplin  Cinematography Arthur Ibbetson Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Budget Universal Pictures January 5. but production was never completed. The theme music. written by Chaplin. It was one of two films Chaplin directed in which he did not play a major role (the other was 1923's A Woman of Paris). The movie starred Marlon Brando. Tippi Hedren. The story is based loosely on the life of a woman Chaplin met in France. named Moussia Sodskaya. Chaplin's second son. and Chaplin himself considered it his greatest film at the end of his life.
Ogden's wife then joins the cruise having just missed her. speaking rather roughly about her and the life she lead. Ogden's wife then confronts him about Natascha. Although only a formality. Hudson wishes to consummate the relationship. She has no passport and is forced to stay in his cabin during the voyage. Chaplin's 3 eldest daughters.A Countess from Hong Kong  76  Plot summary Ambassador-designate to Saudi Arabia Ogden Mears (Marlon Brando) sails back to America after touring the world. Mr. She had high hopes for the film. They then have to figure out a way to get her off the ship and it is arranged that she marry his aged valet Hudson (Patrick Cargill). In the end.  Cast Actor Marlon Brando Sophia Loren Role Ogden Mears Natascha  Sydney Earle Chaplin Harvey Tippi Hedren Patrick Cargill Oliver Johnston Michael Medwin John Paul Margaret Rutherford Angela Scoular Geraldine Chaplin Charlie Chaplin Martha Hudson Clark John Felix Captain Miss Gaulswallow Society girl Girl at dance An old steward  Production This was Chaplin's first film in ten years after 1957's A King in New York This is Tippi Hedren's first feature film after her break with director Alfred Hitchcock. The film ends with Ogden and Natascha meeting in a hotel's cabaret and begin dancing with each other once again. When she realized that she had a small part as Brando's estranged wife. a Russian countess. He then asks if his wife would have done as well under such circumstances. Although Chaplin tried to accommodate her. Ogden's lawyer friend Harvey (Sydney Earle Chaplin) who also helped arrange the marriage. since he has left the cruise and his wife behind. Geraldine.  . she asked Chaplin to expand her role. Mears dislikes the situation being a married man. The film was the second of Universal's European unit. meets Natascha and tells her that the immigration officers have accepted her as Hudson's wife. until she received the script. (Sophia Loren) in Hong Kong after she sneaks aboard to escape being forced into prostitution. Charlie Chaplin makes two brief appearances as the ship's steward. however partially separated. and worries how it might effect his carrier if she is found. He meets Natascha. But he reluctantly agrees to let her stay. just outside London in 1966. It was filmed entirely at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire. she remained in the film and later said that it was a pleasure working for Chaplin. (at minutes 46 and 1:05) Josephine and Victoria Chaplin (at minute 1:32) appeared in the film. However. as the story mostly takes place on a ship. which isn't wanted by her and she avoids him and before docking at port she jumps off the ship and swims ashore. following Fahrenheit 451. which Hedren's character boards near the end of the film. he could not.
at NYTimes. [10] http:/ / www. icl.com's release dates for VHS and DVD formats [6] http:/ / movies. tvguide.com/title/title. com/ movie/ review?res=9401E0DA1539E53BBC4F52DFB566838C679EDE republishing of review for "A Countess from Hong Kong" by Bosley Crowther.[5]  Reception • The New York Times review for March 17. Da Capo Press. com/ biography/ articles/ 21-Overview-of-His-Life http:/ / www. Tramp: The Life of Charlie Chaplin. beeb. pp. simpleSearchServlet?frn=3575& searchTypeSelect=5 RadioTimes official republication of their review. and later re-released as part of the DVD set 'Marlon Brando: The Franchise Collection'. com/ s/ ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Ddvd& field-keywords=A+ Countess+ from+ Hong+ Kong Amazon. contrary to all those patronizing critics. Leonard (September. Chaplin (1922). My Trip Abroad. http:/ / movies. 1994). Harper & Brothers. badly timed. Joyce (1996).imdb."[11]  References Charlie. the old man hasn't really lost his touch. com/ countess-hong-kong/ review/ 111578 http:/ / www. [11] http:/ / www."[8] • RadioTimes gave the movie two stars stating that. com/ reviews/ 1967/ a-countess-from-hong-kong/ Review of the film by Christopher Null. ISBN 0306808315. charliechaplin.com [7] Maltin. amazon. Then in 2003 it was released onto DVD in widescreen format. client. "Badly shot. uninviting comedy. Chaplin's movies could have his charitable way.jsp?stid=71592) at the TCM Movie Database • A Countess from Hong Kong (http://www. gave it one and a half stars. com/ article/ 1967/ 4/ 25/ a-countess-from-hong-kong-palong/ The Harvard Crimson official republication of their review. Milton. thecrimson.com/title/tt0061523/) at the Internet Movie Database • A Countess from Hong Kong (http://tcmdb. founder of FilmCritic. tvguide. stating that it was. Signet. and Countess is a glorious romance. 192.com gave the movie three stars. 356.com [1] [2] [3] [4] [5]  External links • A Countess from Hong Kong (http://www. he would draw the curtain fast on this embarrassment and pretend it never occurred. com/ countess-hong-kong/ 111578 [9] http:/ / www. 1967 stated that "if an old fan of Mr."[6] • Leonard Maltin's Movie and Video Guide 1995. "the repetitive story (with Loren repeatedly running to hide in Brando's bathroom when there's a knock on the door) gets tiresome. filmcritic. "a dismal. With the comment. radiotimes."[7] • TV Guide gave the movie one star. 127. with the VHS format as part of the 'Universal Cinema Classics' series. rtfilms. nytimes."[9] • The Harvard Crimson. for April 25. badly scored. pp."[10] • FilmCritic. "it's all too staid and too stagey. Leonard Maltin's Movie and Video Guide 1995. 263. com/ servlet_film/ com. pp.com/work/A87931) at Allmovie  .allmovie.A Countess from Hong Kong  77  Video Release The movie was not released on home video until 1996. however stated that. 1967 gave it a fairly good review saying: "Take the new Chaplin film on its own terms. [8] http:/ / movies.
Private Williams. their failures. Brian Keith and Julie Harris. it tells the story of Captain Weldon Penderton and his wife Leonora. 1966 of a heart attack before cinematography commenced on the film. so it was withdrawn and a normally-colored version released. The film was to have starred Montgomery Clift. Other central characters are Major Morris Langdon and his sick wife Alison. Originally released in a version in which all scenes were suffused with the color gold. The film starred Marlon Brando. but he died on July 23. with one object in each scene (such as a rose) normally-colored. The role subsequently went to Brando. Set in a military camp. This was in reference to the houseboy's drawing of a golden peacock in whose eye the world is a mere reflection. Elizabeth Taylor. obsessions and darkest desires. But that version puzzled audiences.Reflections in a Golden Eye (film)  78  Reflections in a Golden Eye (film) Reflections in a Golden Eye  Directed by Produced by Written by Starring  John Huston John Huston Ray Stark Gladys Hill Chapman Mortimer Marlon Brando Elizabeth Taylor Brian Keith  Cinematography Aldo Tonti Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Russell Lloyd Warner Bros. after Lee Marvin had turned it down. the Langdons' houseboy Anacleto and a mysterious soldier.  ./Seven Arts Productions 13 October 1967 108 min United States English  Reflections in a Golden Eye is a 1967 film directed by John Huston based on the 1941 novel of the same name by Carson McCullers that deals with the theme of repressed homosexuality. It is a tale of six central characters.
is recovering from having sliced off her nipples with a pair of pruning shears. Williams to a private house call instead of his usual duty. Soon Penderton is informed that Alison died of a heart attack.Anacleto Robert Forster . Upon finding out about her horse. Williams while naked comes to the horse and brings him back to the stable to tend the horse's wounds. Pvt. As the nights continue Williams starts to sift through her feminine things. Leonora interrupts her own party and repeatedly strikes her husband in the face with her riding crop. and thinks that Williams is coming to see him. He then enters his wife's room and shoots Williams. One night Penderton looks at his window to find Williams outside his house.Alison Langdon Zorro David . Penderton assigns Pvt. who is about to go horseback riding with Maj. Also a point made in the film is Williams's strong bond with all the horses in the stable.Weldon Penderton Brian Keith . but he falls off and is dragged a distance by the horse. Meanwhile you are introduced to Maj. and caresses her lingerie. From the first scene with Leonora the viewer is aware of her extramarital affair with Langdon. In some ways. Penderton starts to follow Williams around the camp. Firebird. then breaking into the house and watching Leonora sleep at night. as well as her strong bond with her horse. Alison Langdon. the apparent result of depression following the death of her newborn child. the characters of Kurtz and Penderton are similar since Kurtz was stated to be a leading tactician in his youth and Penderton is shown in the beginning of the film teaching a class on military tactics. Both characters also deal with personal problems and both appear to be mentally unstable.Leonora Penderton Marlon Brando . Langdon falsely tells Leonora and Penderton that Alison was going insane. but instead watches Williams enter his wife's room.Morris Langdon Julie Harris . which is maintaining the stables. Langdon. Alison being very aware of her husband's adulterous behavior decides to divorce him. Leonora and Penderton have an argument that same night which Williams witnesses through a window of their home. but in truth she committed suicide.Reflections in a Golden Eye (film)  79  Plot summary The story begins at an Army base in the 1940s.G. Penderton's wife. He then beats the horse. the wife of Maj. but is then forced into an asylum by her husband as she tries to leave him. Penderton takes Leonora's horse and rides into the woods. Langdon. Williams  Usage of images in Apocalypse Now Still photographs of Brando in character as Major Penderton were later used by the producers of Apocalypse Now who needed photos of a younger Brando to appear in the service record of the younger Colonel Walter Kurtz.  . Alison's only bond is with her extremely effeminate Filipino houseboy. Coincidentally. He realizes Williams is about to break in.  Film cast • • • • • • Elizabeth Taylor .L. Maj. which develops into Williams spying on them from outside at first. Leonora.
rottentomatoes.com/title/title.Reflections in a Golden Eye (film)  80  References External links • Reflections in a Golden Eye (http://www.com/title/tt0062185/) at the Internet Movie Database • Reflections in a Golden Eye (http://www.imdb.com/m/reflections_in_a_golden_eye/) at Rotten Tomatoes • Reflections in a Golden Eye (http://tcmdb.jsp?stid=87914) at the TCM Movie Database  .
and popular figures such as Sugar Ray Robinson. The film satirizes pornographic stories through the adventures of its naive heroine. Many established actors are featured in the film. Anita Pallenberg. and Florinda Bolkan appear in cameo roles. played by Ewa Aulin. Seligman Peter Zoref Buck Henry Novel: Terry Southern Mason Hoffenberg Ewa Aulin John Astin Charles Aznavour Marlon Brando Richard Burton James Coburn John Huston Ringo Starr Enrico Maria Salerno Dave Grusin  Screenplay by Based on  Starring  Music by  Cinematography Giuseppe Rotunno Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Giancarlo Cappelli Frank Santillo Cinerama Releasing 17 December 1968 (US) 124 minutes France Italy United States English  Language  Candy is a 1968 sex farce film directed by Christian Marquand based on the 1958 novel by Terry Southern and Mason Hoffenberg. from a screenplay by Buck Henry.  . Candy.Candy (1968 film)  81  Candy (1968 film) Candy  original film poster Directed by Produced by Christian Marquand Robert Haggiag Selig J.
com. Reviews were generally positive with a few misgivings: the film rates 80% at the Rotten Tomatoes review aggregator. Roger (December 26. along with Yellow Submarine. Scandalized. MacPhisto drunkenly waxes boisterously poetic. [2] Candy (1968) Reviews (http:/ / www. while he continued his music career."[1] In school. and Head.  Reaction Candy was one of many psychedelic movies that appeared as the '60s ended. of Terry Southern's novel. her family sends her to private school. and George Harrison in A Hard Day's Night (1964). Starr had previously appeared alongside his bandmates John Lennon. com/ m/ 1105374-candy/ ) RottenTomatoes.' Compromises Galore:Film Faithful in Spirit to Satirical Novel (http:/ / movies. where she embarks on a psychedelic journey during which she meets a number of strange people. suntimes. including a sex starved military general (Walter Matthau). Ringo continued appearing in movie roles through the 1960s. At her home.org (http://www. and the characters she encounters are improbable enough to establish Terry Southern's boredom with the conventions of pornography. The Trip. eccentric poet MacPhisto (Richard Burton) offers Candy a ride home in his limousine. she continues to cavort with other people plus some of the characters she met in the film. the abandon.[2] In a review representative of most professional reviewers at the time.Candy (1968 film)  82  Plot High school student Candy (former Miss Teen Sweden Ewa Aulin) seemingly descends to Earth from space. followed by her return to outer space. bloody lack of talent". a hunchback (Charles Aznavour) and a fake Indian guru (Marlon Brando). she naively endures an escalating series of situations in which her oblivious allure triggers satirical porn-film-like encounters. Paul McCartney. but later became a cult classic from the psychedelic years of film.com/title/tt0062776/) at the Internet Movie Database • Candy (http://www.  Screen debut This was the solo film acting debut of then Beatle Ringo Starr. crawling.badmovies. com/ movie/ review?_r=1& res=9507E5DA1230E034BC4052DFB4678383679EDE) New York Times.com/work/86557) at Allmovie • Synopsis. Roger Ebert found it "a lot better than you might expect" but missed the "anarchy. a doctor who performs public operations (James Coburn)."[1] Renata Adler decried "its relentless. 1968) 'Candy.org/movies/candy/)  . [3] Adler. Help! (1965) and Magical Mystery Tour (1967). The film opened to mixed box office. 1968) Review: Candy (1968) (http:/ / rogerebert. and '80s. "Candy caroms from one man to another like a nympho in a pinball machine. dll/ article?AID=/ 19681226/ REVIEWS/ 812260301/ 1023) Chicago Sun Times Last accessed 2010-03-23.  External links • Candy (http://www. In the relatively simple plot. arousing Candy and her gardener Emanuel (Ringo Starr) into sex. her father (John Astin) is also her teacher. Last accessed 2010-03-23.allmovie. Renata (December 18. Last accessed 2010-03-23. rottentomatoes. As the film ends. Review. '70s. nytimes.imdb. Roger Ebert wrote.[3]  References [1] Ebert. com/ apps/ pbcs. At a poetry recital. and Screen Shots at Badmoview.
The Night of the Following Day  83  The Night of the Following Day The Night of the Following Day  Directed by Produced by Written by Starring  Hubert Cornfield Elliott Kastner Hubert Cornfield Robert Phippeny Marlon Brando Pamela Franklin Richard Boone Rita Moreno Stanley Myers  Music by  Cinematography Willy Kurant Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Universal Pictures 1968 93 min United States English French  The Night of the Following Day is a 1968 film starring Marlon Brando. A kidnapped heiress (Franklin) is held hostage in a remote house on the coast of France.  External links • The Night of the Following Day [1] at the Internet Movie Database  References [1] http:/ / www. Richard Boone and Rita Moreno. imdb. com/ title/ tt0064728/  . Bud (Brando) starts to have second thoughts of the ransom when Leer (Boone) starts getting out of control. Bud also has to deal with the lack of courage with the head of the operation and Vi (Moreno) who uses drugs and cannot be trusted. Pamela Franklin.
but it was changed to Portuguese after the Spanish government found it insulting. While slavery had been formally ended and the former slaves in theory had rights. a fictional Portuguese colony in the Lesser Antilles island group in the Caribbean. including ordering the execution of one of its puppet presidents. the famous American filibuster. Walker is no longer working for the British government but for the Royal Sugar Company. The plan is to replace the Portuguese administration by a formally sovereign state controlled by white latifundists loyal to Great Britain. He comes back to Queimada 10 years later. meaning "burnt". British interests establish a corrupt puppet government. this time to destroy the black political movement he had helped create. (The film was originally set on a Spanish island called Quemada.S.Burn!  84  Burn! Burn! Directed by Produced by Written by Starring Music by Gillo Pontecorvo Alberto Grimaldi Franco Solinas Giorgio Arlorio Marlon Brando Evaristo Márquez Ennio Morricone  Cinematography Marcello Gatti Studio Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Europee Associate SAS Produzioni Europee Associati United Artists 1969 112 min (U. is an agent provocateur sent to the island of Queimada. After this. The plot is loosely based on events in the history of Guadeloupe. British troops land on the island. William Walker leaves the island after the revolution. while Dolores is marginalized. Their main strategy is setting fire to the forests and  . the film is not based on the life of Walker. which organizes its own army and manipulates Queimada politics directly. José Dolores has taken Walker's ideas to heart and is now leading a rebel army against the British puppet regime in Queimada. Sir William Walker (Marlon Brando). José Dolores (Evaristo Márquez) becomes the leader of the rebellion.)  Burn! (Italian title: Queimada) is a 1969 film directed by Gillo Pontecorvo. starring Marlon Brando. To realize this project.[1] ) Walker is sent to organize an uprising of black slaves to overthrow the Portuguese regime because Great Britain wants to get economic control of the island. however the language spoken in the film remained Spanish. The main character is named after William Walker. because it is an important sugar cane producer. After the overthrow of the Portuguese regime.  Plot A British agent. while white political leaders assassinate the governor and establish a provisional government. William Walker persuades the black slaves to fight for their liberation from slavery and for freedom. a legal and property system was established that forced them to continue to work in the sugar cane plantations in even worse conditions than before. While based on issues that Walker symbolically represented. contributing artillery and crack infantry for fighting the rebels.
He was overthrown when his government threatened the interests of railroad magnate Cornelius Vanderbilt.com/fcm/artandindustry/burn.  References [1] (http:/ / www. The movie ends when Walker is killed by a man in the street. com/ title/ tt0064866/ trivia)  External links • Burn! (http://www.monthlyreview. asking. The chief protagonist's name and personality are an homage to this person. Dolores turns down this offer and is hanged.imdb. A clever framing device is used: When Walker debarks at the Queimada dock at the very start of the film.htm) by Amy Taubin • The Ecology of Destruction (http://www. senhor?" At the end of the film.filmlinc. He also had to turn down a major role in Ryan's Daughter because of this film's production problems.htm) by John Bellamy Foster  . willingly sacrificing himself as a martyr.  85  Theme William Walker was the name of a famous American filibuster who led a privately-backed invasion of Nicaragua in the 1850s. when Walker is walking toward the ship that is to take him home. "I did some of my best acting in Burn!".com/title/tt0064866/) at the Internet Movie Database • Detailed review at Film Comment (http://www. Brando had the opportunity to have a role on Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid but chose instead to work on this film.Burn! sugar-cane fields to draw out the rebels—a strategy that achieves its goal but also destroys the reason for Britain's interest in the island.org/0207jbf. a young man (Jose Dolores) steps forward. Dolores is offered his freedom in return for renouncing the rebellion. Eventually. the rebel army is defeated and Jose Dolores is captured. However. imdb. seemingly as revenge for Dolores's death. Senhor?" stabbing Walker before he can reply. a young man resembling Dolores approaches. "Your bag. In his autobiography Brando claims. asking "Your bag. although they are of different nationalities.
com/ movie/ 126774/ King-A-Filmed-Record-Montgomery-to-Memphis/ details).. had an equally large admission price of $5 (equal to $28 in 2007). Martin Luther King. Features. Clarence Williams III. the film was deemed "culturally significant" by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry. Special Fund. Montgomery to Memphis" (http:/ / movies.. where the celebrity narrations (save for Harry Belafonte's introduction) were removed. All proceeds were donated to the Dr. Montgomery to Memphis  86  King: A Filmed Record. Retrieved 2008-11-12.com/title/tt0065944/) at the Internet Movie Database  . Martin Luther King Jr. nytimes. Montgomery To Memphis is a 1970 American documentary film biography of Dr. Montgomery to Memphis King: A Filmed Record. Montgomery to Memphis Directed by Produced by Narrated by Sidney Lumet Richard Kaplan Ely A. which ran an unprecedented 3 hours and 5 minutes.imdb. Harry Belafonte.King: A Filmed Record.. framed by celebrity narrators. 1970. Charlton Heston. including Paul Newman. The documentary. NY Times... King.. Ruby Dee. Montgomery to Memphis (http://www. When first released. and finally released onto home video on the Pacific Arts label. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary.  External links • King webpage (http://afilmedrecord. [1] In 1999. Joanne Woodward.com/) • King: A Filmed Record.. It was later shown on commercial television (unedited and with limited interruption).. Jr. Burt Lancaster. Landau Paul Newman Joanne Woodward Ruby Dee James Earl Jones 1970 United States English  Release date(s) Country Language  King: a Filmed Record. James Earl Jones. and ran for 1 hour and 43 minutes. Ben Gazzara..  References [1] "NY Times: King: A Filmed Record. The movie was produced by Richard Kaplan and Ely Landau.. .. it was shown in theaters as a "one-time-only" event on March 24... presented in the form of newsreel footage and segments of recordings by Dr.
. and despite her repulsion the two embark on a sadomasochistic love affair. Acting on Quint's assertions that love is hate and it is only in death that people can truly be united. the children live an isolated life in the sprawling country manor estate. Stephanie Beacham.The Nightcomers  87  The Nightcomers The Nightcomers Directed by Produced by Michael Winner Elliott Kastner Jay Kanter Alan Ladd. Grose. knowing that she cannot swim. including the bondage. The film ends with the arrival of a new governess. The children begin spying on Quint and Jessel's violent trysts and mimick what they see. Grose determines to write to the absent Master of the House in order to get both Quint and Jessel fired. governess Miss Jessel (Stephanie Beacham). Michel Winner Michael Hastings Marlon Brando Stephanie Beacham Thora Hird Harry Andrews Jerry Fielding  Written by Starring  Music by  Cinematography Robert Paynter Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language AVCO Embassy Pictures 1971 94 Mins United Kingdom English  The Nightcomers is a 1971 British horror film directed by Michael Winner and starring Marlon Brando. and willingness to entertain them. Quint doses out his strange philosophies on love and death. The children are particularly fascinated by Peter Quint due to his eclectic knowledge and engaging stories. and Peter Quint (Brando) the former valet and now gardener. culminating in Miles nearly pushing Flora off a building to her death. Miss Jessel. The governess. presumably the one who features in The Turn of the Screw. Jr. Harry Andrews and Anna Palk. Quint later finds Miss Jessel's rigid body in the water. Flora and Miles become fascinated with this relationship.  Plot Recently orphaned. It is a prequel to The Turn of the Screw. also falls under Peter's spell. With this captive audience. The children are most distressed by this. Grose (Thora Hird). but is given little time to mourn before Miles kills him with a bow and arrow. and help Quint and Jessel to escape the interference of disapproving Mrs. Thora Hird. Flora and Miles are abandoned by their new guardian (Harry Andrews) and entrusted to the care of housekeeper Mrs. and decide to take matters into their own hands to prevent the separation. With only these three adults for company. the children murder Miss Jessel by knocking a hole in the boat she uses to wait for Quint (who never keeps the appointments). Mrs.
probably due to the sexual nature of the film and their roles in it (Verna Harvey was in fact 19 at the time). but recent audiences have criticised his cartoonish Irish accent. rottentomatoes. britishhorrorfilms.Master of the House Verna Harvey .The Nightcomers  88  Cast • • • • • • • Marlon Brando .Miles Anna Palk . com/ title/ tt0069007/  . popmatters.Mrs. com/ pm/ review/ the-nightcomers http:/ / www. as this  threatens the ambiguity the novel explores. a 16th century Tudor manor house in Sawston.[1]  Reception and awards The film has received mixed reviews.Miss Jessel Thora Hird . popmatters. shtml http:/ / www. com/ m/ nightcomers/ http:/ / www.New Governess  Differences from the book The children in the film are portrayed as being a few years older than in the Henry James novel.[3] Some reviewers have objected to the film's premise of showing what happened before the novel. Brando's performance earned him a nomination for a Best Actor BAFTA. Cambridgeshire. Grose Harry Andrews .Peter Quint Stephanie Beacham .[4] The manor house in the film is Sawston Hall.[2] The film has an 80% fresh rating at Rotten Tomatoes. co.  External links • The Nightcomers [5] at the Internet Movie Database  Notes [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] http:/ / www. com/ pm/ review/ the-nightcomers http:/ / www. imdb. uk/ nightcomers.Flora Christopher Ellis .
The Godfather  89  The Godfather The Godfather  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by Written by Francis Ford Coppola Albert S. Reynolds [1] Peter Zinner Paramount Pictures Alfran Productions March 15. 1972 (US) 175 minutes United States English Italian  Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language  . Castellano Diane Keaton Abe Vigoda Sterling Hayden Talia Shire John Cazale John Marley Richard Conte Gianni Russo Al Lettieri Nino Rota Carmine Coppola  Starring  Music by  Cinematography Gordon Willis Editing by William H. Ruddy Screenplay: Mario Puzo Francis Ford Coppola Robert Towne (uncredited) Novel: Mario Puzo Marlon Brando Al Pacino James Caan Robert Duvall Richard S.
Coppola. is sent to Las Vegas where he is sheltered by casino operators the Corleones financially back. killed. Sonny beats Carlo on the street and threatens to kill him if he ever touches Connie again. Sonny retaliates by having Don Philip Tattaglia's son.411 The Godfather Part II  The Godfather is a 1972 American mob-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay by Puzo. In addition. Meanwhile. Later. and features John Cazale. but his jaw is broken by corrupt Irish American police Captain McCluskey (Sterling Hayden). It was moved up to second when the list was published again in 2008. Sterling Hayden. Michael narrowly escapes death in Sicily when his wife is  . Castellano. Michael pretends he needs to use the bathroom. and following a plan he initiated. asks for help in landing a movie role that will revitalize his flagging career. on the AFI's 100 Years… 100 Movies list by the American Film Institute. Fredo (John Cazale). whom the other Mafia families consider a "civilian" uninvolved in mob business.[3] It stars Marlon Brando. and Robert Towne (uncredited). while the police and other authorities begin to clamp down on Mafia activity. and The Godfather Part III in 1990. the family leadership meets with "The Turk" Virgil Sollozzo (Al Lettieri). Open warfare soon erupts between the Corleones and the other members of the Five Families. Michael returns to the table and kills both Sollozzo and McCluskey. Hagen is dispatched to California to meet with studio head Jack Woltz (John Marley) to ensure Fontane gets his desired role. Don Vito is particularly distressed when he learns of Michael's involvement. Luca Brasi (Lenny Montana). but Brasi is stabbed in the hand by Sollozzo and garroted to death. Talia Shire. where he soon marries a young local woman named Apollonia Vitelli (Simonetta Stefanelli). Best Actor. it is ranked third. Al Martino." Sonny impulsively leaves the guarded family compound to confront Carlo (Gianni Russo) who has been abusing Connie (Talia Shire). averts a second murder attempt at the hospital where his father is being treated. Upon Hagen's return. and Best Adapted Screenplay.The Godfather Budget Gross revenue Followed by [2]  90 $6. he is ambushed and killed at a toll booth. who asks Don Corleone to protect the rival Tattaglia family's planned heroin business. Carlo beats Connie again and upon getting her phone call. Sollozzo and McCluskey meet with Michael at a local Italian restaurant in an attempt to settle the dispute. Robert Duvall. Michael (Al Pacino).[4]  Plot In late August 1945. since he had planned for Michael to remain uninvolved in the "family business. and has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry. Richard Conte and Diane Keaton. The story spans ten years from 1945 to 1955 and chronicles the fictional Italian American Corleone crime family. and Abe Vigoda. Al Pacino. John Marley. while his adopted son Tom Hagen (Robert Duvall) listens. Bruno. Sollozzo abducts Hagen and persuades him to offer Corleone's eldest son.[5] [6] as the movie opens. Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando) hears requests for favors during the Don's daughter Connie's wedding reception. Woltz caves in when he finds the severed head of his prized racehorse "Khartoum" in his bed as he awakes in the morning. so he rejects the potentially lucrative proposal. Don Corleone is shot five times in the back at a fruit stand in an assassination attempt. Sonny (James Caan). retrieves a gun hidden there. Singer Johnny Fontane (Al Martino).066. behind Citizen Kane and Casablanca. Don Vito disapproves of drug trafficking and feels his political influence could be jeopardized.5 million  $245. James Caan. En route. The youngest son. Two sequels followed: The Godfather Part II in 1974. the deal previously offered to the Don. After initially refusing to cast Fontane. He then sends his primary enforcer. Corleone's godson. Richard S. The third Corleone brother. The Godfather received Academy Awards for Best Picture. to find out more about Sollozzo's organization. Sonny drives from the compound for her home. He leaves the country and takes refuge in Sicily.
he marries his long time American girlfriend. The meeting is set for the same day as the christening of Connie and Carlo's son. As the christening proceeds. He promises Kay he will legitimize its businesses within five years. Corleone assassins murder each of the dons heading the other New York families and Moe Greene in Las Vegas.  91  Cast • Marlon Brando as Vito Corleone. Tessio's involvement signals his shift of allegiance to the Barzini family. he is being groomed to succeed his father as head of the family. the don's and Carmella's youngest son. Michael allows rival families to pressure Corleone enterprises and eat away at their revenues. Later. deriding the Corleones as a failing organization. caporegime Tessio (Abe Vigoda) arranges a meeting between Michael and Don Barzini. under the sway of Greene and his associates. Michael's girlfriend and. With his safety now guaranteed.The Godfather killed by a car bomb. Connie. Don Vito meets with the other Five Family dons and settles their dispute. • James Caan as Santino "Sonny" Corleone. Kay Adams (Diane Keaton). Vito's and Carmella's hot-headed eldest son. The only college-educated member of the family (other than Tom Hagen). Michael confronts Carlo over his presumed involvement in setting up Sonny's killing. As his father withdraws from active control of the Corleone family. where Michael will stand as his godfather. After Carlo confesses he betrayed Sonny to Barzini. Kay sees Michael receiving gestures of respect from other mafiosi. warns his brother that Greene is too important to be treated in that fashion. Husband of Carmella Corleone. Michael chooses Carlo to go to Vegas and replaces Hagen with his father as his consigliere. he is the family lawyer and consigliere (counselor). saying he is out of the Family business and handing him a plane ticket to Las Vegas. • Diane Keaton as Kay Adams-Corleone. More than a year later. paralleling the treatment given his father. now seen as the dominant figure in the New York families. Moe Greene (Alex Rocco). recently returned from military service following the end of World War II. Greene angrily rejects the proposal. withdrawing his opposition to the Tattaglias' heroin business. As underboss. accompanied by Kay. As Vito had warned Michael. As the film ends. He is the father of Santino (Sonny). Tessio learns that Michael is aware of his betrayal.  . he is escorted to a waiting car only to be garroted from behind by Clemenza. Vito explains to the upset Hagen that he and Michael have longer-range plans for him and for the family. and is taken off to his death. Biding his time. A native Sicilian. not Sicilian. and as middle brother Fredo is seen as incapable of shouldering the Don's responsibilities. He deduces from the negotiations that the Tattaglias were acting on behalf of the more powerful Don Barzini (Richard Conte). disturbing several of his caporegimes. He is German-Irish. • Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen. an answer she appears to accept. ultimately. just before the door to his office is closed. formerly known as Vito Andolini. accuses Michael of murdering the vanished Carlo. Michael travels to Las Vegas. Vito Corleone collapses and dies while playing with his young grandson Anthony in his tomato garden. he initially wants nothing to do with the "family business". intending to buy out their casino partner. Michael is particularly angered when Fredo. Michael takes control of the family and its business. Federico (Fredo). the boss (the "don") of the Corleone family. Michele (Michael) and Constanzia (Connie) and adoptive father to Tom Hagen. the planned meeting is intended to result in Michael's assassination. his wife and mother to their children. When Kay confronts him privately he denies the accusation. He directs them not to retaliate. an informally adopted son. His evolution from doe-eyed outsider to ruthless boss is the key plotline of the film. disclosing plans to move family operations to Nevada while spinning off New York operations to family members who stay behind. Michael returns home. At the burial. • Al Pacino as Michael Corleone. After the christening.
Becomes an associate of the Corleone family. a young girl Michael meets and marries while in Sicily. a powerful Hollywood producer. and he took The Godfather on Lucas's advice. Once Upon a Time in America. wife of Sonny  92  Production Coppola and Paramount Francis Ford Coppola was not the first choice to direct. • Gianni Russo as Carlo Rizzi. he eagerly agreed to take the helm. Paramount maintains that its skepticism was due to a rocky start to production. the youngest child and only daughter. however. She marries Carlo Rizzi. • Richard Bright as Al Neri. Connie's husband. which Coppola had produced. Coppola also did not initially want to direct the film because he feared it would glorify the Mafia and violence. • Lenny Montana as Luca Brasi. a longtime associate of the Corleone family who owns a Las Vegas hotel. • Joe Spinell as Willi Cicci. • Richard Conte as Emilio Barzini. for $400. • Sterling Hayden as Captain McCluskey. on the other hand. and he wanted to. Don of the Tattaglia family. head of Paramount Pictures at the time. The studio thought that Coppola failed to stay on schedule. • Al Lettieri as Virgil "The Turk" Sollozzo. • Alex Rocco as Moe Greene. and insisted on unnecessary expenses. Italian director Sergio Leone was offered the job first. and Connie. an enforcer utilized by Vito Corleone. a caporegime for the family. a caporegime for the family. • Julie Gregg as Sandra Corleone.The Godfather • John Cazale as Fredo Corleone. • Victor Rendina as Philip Tattaglia. • Simonetta Stefanelli as Apollonia Vitelli-Corleone. Vito's wife and mother of Sonny. and several times Coppola was almost replaced. • Morgana King as Carmela Corleone. • Talia Shire as Constanzia "Connie" Corleone. • Louis Guss as Don Zaluchi. and two top producers unsuccessfully tried to convince another filmmaker to take Coppola's place. Coppola had directed five feature films. the middle son. in his own words. Michael Corleone's bodyguard. a soldier in the Corleone family. • Johnny Martino as Paulie Gatto. When Coppola hit upon the [8] idea of making it a metaphor for American capitalism. a corrupt police captain on Sollozzo's payroll. • Abe Vigoda as Salvatore Tessio. • Tom Rosqui as Rocco Lampone.[10] There was intense friction between Coppola and Paramount. He is not very bright. though Coppola believes that the first week went extremely well. a world-famous popular singer and godson of Vito. Fredo. Michael. At the time.[7] Peter Bogdanovich was then approached but he also declined the offer and made What's Up.000 following budget overruns on George Lucas's THX 1138. the most notable of which was the adaptation of the stage musical Finian's Rainbow–although he had also received an Academy Award for co-writing Patton in 1970. According to Robert Evans. Don of the Zaluchi family of Detroit. • Richard S. which focused on Jewish-American gangsters. He eventually becomes a caporegime. "smell the spaghetti".[9] Coppola was in debt to Warner Bros. frequently made production and casting errors. The producers scapegoated the other filmmaker when their attempt to fire  . Doc? instead. a womanizer and appears to be the weakest of the brothers. Evans specifically wanted an Italian-American to direct the film because his research had shown that previous films about the Mafia that were directed by non-Italians had fared dismally at the box office. a soldier under Clemenza who eventually becomes a caporegime in the Corleone family. Don of the Barzini family. Castellano as Peter Clemenza. • Al Martino as Johnny Fontane. a soldier under Peter Clemenza and Vito's driver. and adoptive mother to Tom Hagen. a heroin dealer associated with the Tattaglia family. • John Marley as Jack Woltz. and thus reflect poorly on his Sicilian and Italian heritage. but he declined in order to direct his own gangster opus. and ultimately betrays Sonny to the Barzini family.
The studio originally wanted Robert Redford or Ryan O'Neal to play Michael Corleone. and Mia Farrow auditioned for Kay. particularly Marlon Brando as Don Vito Corleone. Dustin Hoffman. Coppola and Puzo would subsequently create a role for Caridi in the sequels. winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for the role. Frank and the climactic baptism scene near the movie's end. which also won over the Paramount leadership. despite the former's Jewish heritage and the latter closely matching the character in the novel (a six-foot-four. in [14] Coppola also cast his sons as Tom Hagen's sons. Sonny.[12] At one point. Michael Francis Rizzi. originally refused to allow Coppola to cast Brando in the role. Pacino was given the role only after Coppola threatened to quit the production. which wanted Ernest Borgnine. who had a distinguished career as a composer. and James Caan also auditioned. saying.The Godfather Coppola became known. but Coppola wanted an unknown who looked like an Italian-American. Carmine Coppola. Andrew. Mario Adorf was approached for a role as well. The studio agreed to Pacino on the condition that Caan was cast as Sonny instead of Caridi. They are seen in the Sonny-Carlo street fight scene and behind Pacino and Duvall during the funeral scene. To some extent. The scene in which Connie breaks dishes after finding out that her husband is cheating was added for this reason. He was cast as Paulie.[11] Pacino was not well known at the time.[11]  93  Casting Coppola's casting choices were unpopular with studio executives at Paramount Pictures. Paul Newman. and Steve McQueen were considered for the role of Tom Hagen that eventually went to Robert Duvall. Sylvester Stallone auditioned for Carlo Rizzi and Paulie Gatto. De Niro later played the young Vito Corleone in Part II.[12] Coppola chose Brando over Borgnine on the basis of his screen test. hence the pressure Coppola faced during filming. He's gonna die soon and he's not interested" (Olivier lived 18 years after the refusal). Coppola added a few more violent scenes to keep the studio happy.[12] in part because of his height. but Olivier's agent refused the role. A then-unknown Robert De Niro auditioned for the roles of Michael. The director's sister. conductor and arranger. whom he found in Al Pacino.[11] Paramount was in financial trouble at the time of production and was desperate for a "big hit" to boost business. Sofia. William Devane was seen for the role of Moe Greene. Talia Shire. was cast as Connie Corleone. played Connie's and Carlo's newborn son.[13] Bruce Dern. Paramount. which he refused to accept. After pleading with the executives. was an extra. Caan was the first choice to play Michael. Brando later won an Academy Award for his portrayal. Coppola was told by the then-president of Paramount that "Marlon Brando will never appear in this motion picture". his father. and Carmine's wife. Martin Sheen. but Coppola arranged a "trade" with The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight to get Al Pacino from that film. Caan stated that Coppola envisioned Michael to be the Sicilian-looking one and Sonny was the Americanized version. who was ready to take over if Coppola was fired. the film was a family affair for Francis Ford Coppola. Carlo. They wanted The Godfather to appeal to a wide audience and threatened Coppola with a "violence coach" to make the film more exciting. He's very sick. and the studio did not consider him right for the part. Coppola was allowed to cast Brando only if he appeared in the film for much less salary than his previous films. and put up a bond saying that he would not cause a delay in the production (as he had done on previous film sets). he managed to defend his decisions and avoid being replaced.  . Italia Coppola. Anthony Perkins for Sonny. but despite such intense pressure. Coppola says he was shadowed by a replacement director. One studio executive proposed Danny Thomas for the role citing the fact that Don Corleone was a strong "family man. having appeared in only two minor films. while Carmine Caridi was signed as elder brother Sonny. and Paulie Gatto. wrote additional music for the film and appeared in a bit part as a piano player. Jack Nicholson. Warren Beatty. Because the producers told him that the other filmmaker had attempted a coup. black-haired Italian-American bull). Coppola's first two choices for the role were both Brando and Laurence Olivier. perform a screen-test." At one point. citing difficulties Brando had on recent film sets. "Lord Olivier is not taking any jobs. and his infant daughter.
A scene with Pacino and Keaton was filmed in the town of Ross. and Robert Duvall got $36. During filming. Animal rights groups protested the inclusion of the scene. A gap was cut in the center. seen from behind. a horse had not been killed specifically for the movie. A side entrance to Bellevue Hospital was used for Michael's confrontation with police Captain McCluskey. the plug was quickly yanked out with monofilament fishing line. and was simply dropped in Brando's lap by the propman at the last minute.5 million. The Sicilian towns of Savoca and Forza d'Agrò outside of Taormina were also used for exterior locations.000 for eight weeks of work.[19] As of 2007. in some shots.000. and capped off with a plug of prosthetic flesh. framing the scene. The shooting of Moe Greene through the eye was inspired by the death of gangster Bugsy Siegel. is also shown to be a pedophile as Tom Hagen sees a young girl (presumably one of Woltz's child stars) crying while walking out of Woltz's room. The equally startling scene of McCluskey's shooting was accomplished by building up a fake forehead on top of actor Sterling Hayden. California. for which neither Robert Duvall nor John Marley were available. James Caan and Diane Keaton each received $35. One of the movie's most shocking moments involved the real severed head of a horse. This scene was cut from the theatrical release but can be found on the DVD (though Woltz can still briefly be seen kissing the girl on the cheek in his studio in the film). Jack Woltz.[16] The lens was also used in the making of Silent Running.000 for their work on The Godfather. The opening scene of The Godfather is a long. although a scene with Pacino and Keaton was shot in the autumn—there were a total of 77 days of shooting.[5] [6] Locations Locations[18] around New York City and its environs were used for the film.[15]  94  Filming Most of the principal photography took place from March 29. which was dressed up and used for the scene in which Pacino and Keaton are Christmas shopping. making a bloody hole suddenly appear in Hayden's head. One had fake blood in it. slow zoom. capped at $1. and the other had a BB and compressed air. plus 5% of the film.The Godfather Star salaries Al Pacino. Brando later sold his points back to Paramount for $300. At least one location in Los Angeles was used also (for the exterior of Woltz's mansion). 1971. was shot with a computer-controlled zoom lens designed by Tony Karp. which lasts for about three minutes. Marlon Brando was paid $50. [17]  The scene with Michael driving with McCluskey and Sollozzo avoided the use of back-projection because of cost. Technicians moved lights behind the car to create the illusion. and ending with the Godfather. The other tube then released the fake blood. shattering them from the inside. Interiors were shot at Filmways Studio in New York. Bonasera. actor Alex Rocco's glasses had two tubes hidden in their frames.[11] [12] In the novel. To achieve the effect.000 for six weeks and weekly expenses of $1. starting with a close-up of the undertaker. This zoom. New York. who is petitioning Don Corleone. filled with fake blood. it is possible to see that extras are standing in for the two actors. the compressed air shot the BB through the glasses. This scene was shot in Port Washington. including the then-closed flagship store of Best & Company on Fifth Avenue. When the gun was shot.000. fewer than the 83 for which the production had budgeted.  . The cat in the opening scene used to hang around the studio. Coppola later stated that the horse's head was delivered to him from a dog food company. 1971 to August 6. the steps and gate to the hospital were still there but victim to neglect. the movie producer whose horse's head is put in his bed.
[27] In contrast. he started to articulate and philosophize  . New York City. Director Stanley Kubrick believed that The Godfather was possibly the greatest movie ever made. For the baptism. Joachim and St.[22] It was voted greatest film of all time by Entertainment Weekly. that was our life. Salvatore "Sammy the Bull" Gravano. in Manhattan. The wedding cake was prepared by a bakery on Port Richmond Avenue. but after the movie came out. New York.[4] In the 2002 Sight & Sound poll of international critics. New York City. were filmed at the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary on 14th Street. gambling. The interior shots were filmed at Old St. NY. and is an important part of the film's appeal.)[29] Real-life gangsters responded enthusiastically to the film. but for me. The numerous Tudor homes on the block gave the impression that they were part of the same "compound. Bach's Passacaglia and Fugue in C minor. and participate in the scene as though it were an actual wedding. the main theme ("Speak Softly Love") is well-known and widely used (see Score Controversy for more information). Many of the extras were local Italian-Americans who were asked by Francis Ford Coppola to drink homemade wine. In 1973 much of the church was destroyed in a fire. The wedding scenes were filmed on an open backyard at Longfellow Avenue.[27] Although the Corleone family is presented as immensely rich and powerful.[23] and is now ranked as the second greatest film in American cinematic history–behind Citizen Kane–by the American Film Institute.[24] Both The Godfather and The Godfather Part II were selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry in 1990 and 1993. Queens. Don Vito tells a weepy Johnny Fontane. BWV 582 was used. The funeral scene was filmed at Calvary Cemetery in Woodside. Two churches were used to film the baptism scene. It is one of only a handful of movies to achieve a 100% rating. It was incredible. no scenes depict prostitution.[20] The wedding scene (and the Corleone family compound) was shot at 110 Longfellow Avenue in the Todt Hill section of Staten Island.[29] ("You can act like a man!".[30] stated: "I left the movie stunned. as were other Bach works for the pipe organ. I mean I floated out of the theater. Patriarca crime family members Paulie Intiso and Nicky Giso altered their speech patterns closer to that of Vito Corleone's. enjoy the traditional Italian food. when Michael visits his father there. The Godfather presents the gangster's perspective of the Mafia as a response to corrupt society. and had without question the best cast.Staten Island.[28] Some critics argue that the setting of a criminal counterculture allows for unapologetic gender stereotyping. loan sharking or other forms of racketeering. Patrick's in New York.." According to Anthony Fiato after seeing the film. respectively. the former Underboss in the Gambino crime family. The Godfather has a 100% "Certified Fresh Rating" on Rotten Tomatoes. I remember talking to a multitude of guys. with an average score of 9/10 based on 66 [25] reviews. made guys. who felt exactly the same way.[26] Previous gangster movies had looked at the gangs from the perspective of an outraged outsider. then. Only the façade and steeple of the original church remained. Anne in the Pleasant Plains section of Staten Island. The Godfather (along with The Godfather Part II) was ranked as the fourth best film of all time.[21]  95  Critical reception The film is greatly respected among international critics and the public and is routinely listed as one of the greatest films ever made. The exterior scenes following the baptism were filmed at The Church of St.The Godfather The hospital interiors. and were later incorporated into a new structure. The soundtrack's main theme by Nino Rota was also critically acclaimed..[31] Intiso would frequently swear and use poor grammar. The scene in which Don Barzini was assassinated was filmed on the steps of the New York State Supreme Court building on Foley Square in Manhattan." Paramount built a Plexiglas "stone wall" which traversed the street — the same wall where Sonny smashed the camera. Food was catered by "Demyan's Hofbrau" a restaurant on Van Duzer Street (which is no longer in existence). Maybe it was fiction.
he would be killed should Michael find out what he has revealed. • Kay Adams' home life and her brief separation from Michael. • Sonny's mistress. Genco Abbandando (only spoken of.The Godfather more. The film has them both surviving (Calo. Also. but in the movies they have a son and a daughter. Michael and Kay have two sons. according to him. he first appears on film in The Godfather II). which was led by Paulie Gatto and involved retainer thugs (which was only alluded to in the film). accusing Michael of executing her husband as revenge for Sonny's brutal murder. She leaves Michael and goes to stay with her parents. holds  . in the book. Jules Segal. including the circumstances of his emigration to America. it is stated that Calo dies along with Apollonia in the car explosion.) The book's ending differs from the movie: whereas in the film Kay suddenly realizes that Michael has become "like his family". the drama is toned down in the book. Characters with smaller roles in the film than in the novel include Johnny Fontane. Fabrizio and Calo. appears in the third installment). • the detailed savage attack on the two men who assaulted the undertaker Bonasera's daughter. Although she is initially distraught. • Dr. Kay returns to Michael in an uneasy compromise. She also marries again less than a year later. • disgraced former police officer Al Neri's recruitment as a Corleone hit man. Segal include Vito's terminally-ill consigliere. however. he lets her in on family secrets for which. • Luca Brasi's demonic past. • Don Corleone's ingenious plan to bring Michael out of exile in Sicily. Characters dropped in the film adaptation besides Dr.[31]  96  Differences from the novel One of the primary parts of Puzo's novel which was not used for the movie was the flashback story of Vito Corleone's earlier life. and Fabrizio. claiming she was mistaken. Lucy Mancini. the pedophilia is explicitly shown and mentioned by Hagen to Don Corleone. implicated as an accomplice in the bombing. who was excised entirely from the film. When Tom Hagen visits her there. and his rise in importance in the Mafia. Lucy Mancini. • the Corleone family's victorious rise to power in earlier New York gang wars in which Don Corleone survives a previous assassination attempt and Al Capone sends triggermen from Chicago in an unsuccessful attempt to aid a rival gang. Additionally. all of which were later used in The Godfather Part II. Many subplots were trimmed in the transition from the printed page to the screen. but only appears briefly in the film. The novel and film also differ on the fates of Michael's bodyguards in Sicily. Fabrizio's murder was deleted from the film but publicity photos of the scene exist. Vincent Mancini of The Godfather Part III. his murder of Don Fanucci. Connie's confrontation with Michael over Carlo's death is also portrayed somewhat differently. is shot and killed as one more victim in the famous "baptism scene" after he is tracked down running a pizza parlor in Buffalo. including: • singer Johnny Fontane's misfortunes with women and his problems with his voice (Johnny is a major character in the book). was a substantial character in the novel. • a teenaged Sonny's impulsive dabbling in street crime and his utterly lacking the tact and coolheadedness possessed in such abundance by his father. and Dr. and Al Neri (the last two are reduced to non-speaking roles). he appears in a deleted scene featured in The Godfather Saga.[32] (He is later killed in a completely different scene in The Godfather Saga which was deleted from The Godfather Part II. In the book. Taza from Sicily. the novel states that Lucy Mancini was not pregnant by Sonny when she moved to Las Vegas. his early family life. she loves him. • Jack Woltz's pedophilia although in scenes shown in The Godfather Saga. family friend Nino Valenti. in fact. thus leaving no room for her son. in the book she apologizes to Michael a few days later. apparently glad to be rid of the abusive Carlo and that Sonny has been avenged. Rocco Lampone.
It also lost the Best Director.  Score controversy Nino Rota's score was removed at the last minute from the list of 1973 Academy Award nominees when it was discovered that he had used the theme in Eduardo De Filippo's 1958 comedy Fortunella. Best Picture — Drama 2. although it featured the same love theme that made the 1972 score ineligible. Francis Ford Coppola BAFTA Awards 1. Mario Puzo. Best Music. Marlon Brando 2. Mario Puzo. one Grammy. Best Writing (adapted screenplay) for Francis Coppola and Mario Puzo. Best Sound Mixing and Best Film Editing to Cabaret. just as Mama had done for Vito. the melody was the same as the love theme from The Godfather. staccato and comedic style. Best Picture. Nino Rota 5. Despite having three nominees of Best Supporting Actor award. Best Costume Design. Albert S. The Godfather Part II won a 1974 Oscar for Best Original Score. Ruddy 3. Best Actor. and Robert Duvall. Francis Ford Coppola Golden Globe Awards 1. The film won five Golden Globes.[33] The film had been nominated for eight other Academy Awards. Best Film Editing. Marlon Brando 4. and Best Sound Mixing. who declined to collect the award and sent Native American actress Sacheen Littlefeather to the Oscars in his place to explain his reasons. including Best Supporting Actor for Al Pacino. Best Original Score. Best Director.The Godfather herself apart from the details of his work and attends Catholic mass daily with Mama Corleone to pray for Michael's soul.  97  Awards and honors Academy Awards 1. Although in the earlier film the theme was played in a brisk. Best Actor — Drama.  .[34] Despite this. and for that reason was deemed ineligible for an Oscar. James Caan. Best Adapted Screenplay. Francis Ford Coppola 3. they all lost to Joel Grey in Cabaret. Best Screenplay. The film also had a Best Original Score nomination but was disqualified when found out that Nino Rota used another score. Nino Rota  The Godfather won the Academy Awards for Best Picture. and Best Actor in a Leading Role for Marlon Brando. and numerous other awards. Best Director.
.[35] and in the top 10 on Rotten Tomatoes' all-time best list (100% "Freshness"). In the 1999 film Analyze This. Coppola's sympathetic treatment of the Corleone family and their associates. when the PG-rated. opened the doors for more and varied depictions of mobster life.[40] American Film Institute • 1998 AFI's 100 Years. and also to the grittier hard-boiled pre-Godfather films. This was even more the case with The Godfather Part II. The image of the Mafia as being a feudal organization with the Don being both the protector of the small fry and the collector of obligations from them to repay his services. which The Godfather helped to popularize. The 2005 Indian film Sarkar. And one of those most unlikely homages to this film came in 2004. as depicted in various post-Godfather Mafia fare. and the success of those two films.[37] • Entertainment Weekly named The Godfather the greatest film ever made. is modeled on The Godfather with due credits appearing at the beginning of the film.[36] • In 2002. based on a Nickelodeon children's show. as is that of the Don's family as a "royal family".... which starred Robert De Niro and Billy Crystal.. Marlon Brando plays a role reminiscent of Don Corleone.[23] [38] [39] • The Godfather was voted in at #1 on Empire magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time in November 2008. artistically and financially. The Godfather and The Godfather Part II reached #2 on Film4's list of The 100 Greatest Films of All Time. with Amitabh Bachan in the lead role as a "Don" and his son Abhishek Bachchan as the equivalent of Michael.. directed by Ram Gopal Varma. 100 Movies #3 • 2001 AFI's 100 Years. is now an easily recognizable cultural trope." #2 • 2005 AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores #5 • 2007 AFI's 100 Years.. In the DVD commentary for Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. 100 Movie Quotes: • "I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse. 100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) #2 • 2008 AFI's 10 Top 10 #1 gangster film  Cinematic influence Although many films about gangsters had been made before The Godfather. In the 1990 comedy The Freshman. critically. 100 Thrills #11 • 2005 AFI's 100 Years. One dream scene is almost a shot by shot replica of the attempted assassination of Vito Corleone (Crystal playing the Don and De Niro playing Fredo). John Gotti  – the "Dapper Don". including films such as Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas and TV series such as David Chase's The Sopranos. many references are made both directly and indirectly to The Godfather. and his portrayal of mobsters as characters of considerable psychological depth and complexity[41] was hardly usual in the genre.) This portrayal stands in contrast to the more sordid reality of lower level Mafia "familial" entanglements. (This has spread into the real world as well – cf. animated family film Shark Tale was released with a storyline that nodded at this and other movies about the Mafia. Rugrats in Paris.The Godfather  98  Current rankings • The film is ranked as first on Metacritic's top 100 list. such as Scorsese's Mean Streets and Casino. George Lucas stated that the interwoven scenes of Anakin Skywalker slaying separatist leaders and Palpatine announcing the beginning of the Galactic Empire was an homage to the christening and assassination sequence in The Godfather. Similarly.. and his celebritized family. began with an extended parody of The Godfather..
. The Blu-ray box set (four discs) includes high-definition extra features on the restoration and film.[43] The collection contained all three films with commentary from Francis Ford Coppola and a bonus disc that featured a 73-minute documentary from 1991 titled The Godfather Family: A Look Inside. locations and Mario Puzo's screenplays.  2001 DVD release The Godfather was released on DVD for the first time on October 9. and profanity. In 1981. Coppola edited The Godfather and The Godfather Part II together for TV. plus a 1971 documentary. Coppola would again re-edit all three Godfather movies (The Godfather. with the HD box having more content. The Saga contains scenes not in the Epic or Trilogy. It was released on VHS and laserdisc in 1993 but has yet (as of 2008) to appear on DVD. Harris of the Film Preserve. sex. They are included on disc 5 of the DVD box set (five discs). Francis Ford Coppola.  The Coppola Restoration After a careful restoration of the aging first two movies. when he said that he had just seen the new transfer and it was "terrific". In 1992. Other extras are ported over from Paramount's 2001 DVD release. The Godfather movies were released on DVD and Blu-ray on September 23. 2001 as part of a DVD package called The Godfather DVD Collection. rehearsal footage. again with additional scenes not shown in theaters.. The DVD also held a Corleone family tree. Nino Rota's and Carmine Coppola's music. It is rated TV-14.when the shooting stopped Emulsional Rescue Revealing The Godfather  . The total run time for this version is 583 minutes (9 hours. the Epic contains scenes not in the Saga or Trilogy. This version spanned five VHS tapes and incorporated new previously deleted scenes that had not been seen in The Godfather Saga.  Additional scenes None of these releases contains all the additional scenes in one package. and the Trilogy contains scenes not in the Saga or the Epic. but also toning down the violence. This version of the story was called The Godfather Saga. putting the scenes in chronological order and adding some previously unseen footage. Paramount released the Godfather Epic box set which combined parts I & II in chronological order. 43 minutes). Fans have longed for a complete release of the entire series[42] though Francis Ford Coppola has stated that the films were meant to be seen in their original form and has not agreed (as of 2008) to a chronological release. The package also contained deleted footage. The Godfather Part II and The Godfather Part III) in chronological order dubbed The Godfather Trilogy 1901-1980. and video segments on Gordon Willis's cinematography. and footage of the Academy Award acceptance speeches. This set also included a sixth VHS tape: "The Godfather Family: A Look Inside" a making-of documentary. a "Godfather" timeline. There are slight differences between the repurposed extras on the DVD and Blu-ray sets. The work was done by Robert A.[44] The restoration was confirmed by Francis Ford Coppola during a question-and-answer session for The Godfather Part III.[45] Paramount lists the new (HD) extra features as: • • • • Godfather World The Masterpiece That Almost Wasn't . including the additional scenes originally contained in The Godfather Saga. 2008 under the title The Godfather: The Coppola Restoration.The Godfather  99  Adaptations Chronological versions In 1975. "Francis Coppola's Notebook" a look inside a notebook the director kept with him at all times during the production of the film.
Animaniacs and Rugrats. owing to poor sound quality from Brando's failing health. in addition to muscling in on his territory. John Belushi appeared in a Saturday Night Live sketch as Vito Corleone in a therapy session trying to properly express his inner feelings towards the Tattaglia Family. Before his death. Robert Duvall. The King of Queens. Yu-Gi-Oh!. Don Vito Corleone's line "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse" was voted as the second most memorable line in cinema history in AFI's 100 Years. A sound-alike's voice had to be used in the "missing parts". Seinfeld. "You've gotta get up close like this and bada-bing! You blow their brains all over your nice Ivy League suit. take the cannoli. An indication of the continuing influence of The Godfather and its sequels can be gleaned from the many references to it which have appeared in every medium of popular culture in the decades since the film's initial release. along with the other films in the trilogy. Marlon Brando provided voice work for Vito. however." with pigeons spoofing characters from various gangster films. however. Arrested Development. The Godfather is the answer to any question. Gino. The Godfather is the sum of all wisdom. including one scene in the episode "Strong Arms of the Ma" that parodies the Sonny-Carlo streetfight scene. One of the characters is "The Godpigeon". and Abe Vigoda lent their voices and likenesses as well. animated show Animaniacs featured several segments called "Goodfeathers. and several other Godfather cast members had their likeness in the game. and Harvey Birdman. Yes Dear. Al Pacino's likeness and voice (Michael Corleone) was not in the game as Al Pacino sold his likeness and voice exclusively for use in the Scarface video game.. only parts of the recordings could be used. he speaks in complete elderly gibberish. In the television show The Sopranos. The Warner Bros. 100 Movie Quotes by the American Film Institute." In You've Got Mail. "also. That these homages. Part II Cannoli Riffing on the Riffing Clemenza  100  In popular culture The Godfather. What should I pack for my summer vacation? "Leave the gun. with Marge Simpson beating a mugger in front of an animated version of the same New York streetscape. On the final season of Martin. who. an obvious parody of Brando's portrayal of the Godfather. However. where Vautrin tells Eugène that he is "making him an offer that he cannot refuse". James Caan. That '70s Show. Francis Ford Coppola said in April 2005  . Mr. The Godfather." Video game In March 2006. visual references.. they shot my son Santino 56 times. by Honoré de Balzac. Attorney at Law. quotations. had a strong impact on the public at large. Cole imitates the Godfather says "Martino." Several television shows have contained references to the film. Thursday.[47] The Simpsons in particular makes numerous references to The Godfather. satires and parodies continue to pop up even now shows clearly the film's enduring impact. including the 1997 British film Twin Town. Tuesday. including using the lid of a trash can during the fight.[46] The line actually originates in the French novel Le Père Goriot. Wednesday. positing: The Godfather is the I-ching. Show with Bob and David." What day of the [48] week is it? "Monday.The Godfather • The Godfather on the Red Carpet • Four Short Films on The Godfather • • • • The Godfather vs. a video game version of The Godfather was released by Electronic Arts. Tom Hanks' character makes frequent use of quotes from The Godfather. and even the popular kids' shows Hannah Montana. where the bambino?". Tony Soprano's topless bar is named Bada Bing after the line in The Godfather when Sonny says.
html). com/ packages/ html/ movies/ bestpictures/ godfather-ar3. Vanity Fair. Thegodfathertrilogy.The Godfather that he was not informed and did not approve of Paramount allowing the game's production. [2001] [13] Mark Seal (2009-03).. Duke University Press. 2009. tlc-systems. 1973-03-30. ISBN 0865479623.[49]  101  References Notes [1] Marc Laub and Murray Solomon are listed as uncredited editors by some sources. ISBN 1579128114. Douging. 2004). [31] Smith. Retrieved December 7. see Allmovie Production credits (http:/ / www. 180ff.com. Black Dog & Leventhal. com/ gfstats. co. 2007-06-30. Harlan (2005). Retrieved 2010-03-04. [16] ""Doing the impossible — Part 1 – The Godfather" – Art and the Zen of Design" (http:/ / artzen2. [17] ""Doing the impossible — Part 4 – The final result" – Art and the Zen of Design" (http:/ / www. nytimes. [22] "Best-Reviewed Movies" (http:/ / www. dll?p=avg& sql=1:20076~T3) [2] Francis Ford Coppola's commentary on the 2008 DVD edition "The Godfather — The Coppola Restoration" [3] Kenneth Turan. . pp. allmovie. she played the major speaking role of Michael Corleone's daughter Mary. 119. 1988) [4] American Film Institute "Citizen Kane Stands the test of Time" (http:/ / www. p. 2007. Retrieved 2010-03-04. "Jonny Greenwood's 'Blood' score disqualified by AMPAS" (http:/ / www. rottentomatoes. . 114. [10] Hearn. smugmug. smugmug. . reviewjournal. . [15] "The Godfathers' Stats" (http:/ / thegodfathertrilogy.uk.com. ISBN 0-8109-4968-7. (July 7. [11] The Godfather DVD commentary featuring Francis Ford Coppola. com/ m/ godfather/ [26] Michael Herr for Vanity Fair (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2010-10-25.com. 14–17. com/ gst/ fullpage. ISBN 1-883013-68-2.  . and openly criticized the move. The Godfather Book. CNET Networks. com/ gallery/ 2404678/ 1/ 126035558/ Medium). The Annotated Godfather. visual-memory. bfi. 214. 68. bfi. In Part III. Imdb. htm) "He watched The Godfather again the night before and was reluctantly suggesting for the tenth time that it was possibly the greatest movie ever made and certainly the best-cast. metacritic. Marcus (2005). Fireside. . Thegodfathertrilogy. The Godfather Legacy. com/ culture/ features/ 2009/ 03/ godfather200903). google. Christopher. [21] Jones. google. Retrieved on January 6. p. http:/ / www. Faber and Faber. uk/ sk/ memories/ mh. p. Time-Life Books. Retrieved 2010-03-04. imdb. 1981. com/ artzen2-0028. Retrieved 2010-03-04. . html. [34] Kris Tapley (2008-01-21). [28] De Stefano. com/ gf1/ gf1scene.smugmug.com. Variety. . "The Godfather Wars" (http:/ / www. Tlc-systems. Google Book Search. [6] Lebo. Retrieved 2010-03-04. [2001] [12] The Godfather DVD Collection documentary A Look Inside.com. . Las Vegas Review-Journal. com/ artzen2-0027." [27] De Stefano. afi. com/ cg/ avg.com. Metacritic. Peter (1997). html?res=940DE1D7103AF934A15752C1A96E948260). Nytimes.com. p. 46. com/ film/ highscores. New York City: Harry N. George. com/ title/ tt0068646/ mediaindex).com. pdf) [5] Cowie. In Part II. The 100 Greatest Movies of All Time. [18] "THE GODFATHER: Scene Locations" (http:/ / thegodfathertrilogy. html). [23] Burr. shtml). ed (1998). . Ty. ISBN 978-0571190119.smugmug. html). Retrieved 2010-03-04. 2007-06-24.org. [7] Frayling. com/ Docs/ about/ press/ 2007/ 100movies07. she plays a nameless immigrant girl on the ship that brings Vito Corleone to New York. ISBN 0-7100-0503-2. [30] George De Stefano. John L. uk/ sightandsound/ topten/ poll/ critics. . [14] Sofia Coppola played roles in the later Godfather movies. html). [25] http:/ / www. org. Retrieved 2010-03-04. New York Times (November 27. Retrieved 2010-03-04. ISBN 978-0743287777.com. p. In Spaghetti Westerns (http:/ / books. shtml). Retrieved 2009-01-11. 76. 215. com/ lvrj_home/ 2004/ Jul-07-Wed-2004/ news/ 24256307. 2010. htm). com/ gallery/ 2404678/ 1/ 126035612/ Medium). Robert Towne's Hollywood Without Heroes (http:/ / query. p. com/ books?id=2482tWkpfpQC& pg=PA132& dq=). p. p.Critics Top Ten 2002" (http:/ / www. Artzen2. Routledge Kegan & Paul. [29] De Stefano. [20] "NY State Supreme Court steps" (http:/ / douging. nz/ books?id=2bo9AAAAIAAJ& pg=PA215). (2007) An Offer We Can't Refuse: The Mafia in the Mind of America (http:/ / books. (2007). co. Abrams Inc. Douging. nytimes. com/ film/ highscores. metacritic. 30. html). [32] "All Photos from The Godfather" (http:/ / www. htm). [24] "'BFI Sight & Sound Top Ten Poll 2002 . vanityfair. [19] "Photo of Bellevue side entrance" (http:/ / douging. The Cinema of George Lucas. [8] The Kid Stays in the Picture (2002). documentary film about Evans' life [9] Jon E Lewis. Jenny M. . [33] "''The New York Times'': Best Pictures" (http:/ / www. p. variety. . New American Cinema. Retrieved 2009-01-10. com/ blog/ 890000489/ post/ 370020437. [35] "Metacritic: Best Reviewed Movies" (http:/ / www. Retrieved April 13. .
The 100 Greatest Movies of All Time. com/ stories/ 2005/ 03/ 04/ entertainment/ main678113.Official site from Paramount Pictures (http://www. Retrieved April 13. London: Faber and Faber.com/library/crime/gangsters_outlaws/mob_bosses/ the_godfather/1. net. ABC News (Australia) Online (June 23. Screenwriter). filmsite. Archived from the original (http:/ / www. New York: Time-Life Books ISBN 1-883013-68-2. html).org. org/ filmfour. tx. html) on DVD Spin Doctor [44] The Godfather DVD Collection [2001] [45] 'Godfather: Coppola Restoration' on Sept. 2007 ISBN 978-07522-2637-8  External links • • • • • • The Godfather . imdb.uk/film/2006/apr/22/mafia) • The Godfather Has The Greatest Mob Hits (http://blogs. April 8. com/ 500/ 99. April 22. 2006. org/ ew100. . com/ contacts/ picknews. Nora (Director. com/ dvd_spin_doctor/ 2008/ 06/ godfather-coppo. Dir. Entertainment Weekly.com/) The Godfather (http://www. Retrieved August 17. 2005) [47] Thill. Retrieved 2010-03-04.rottentomatoes." named number one movie quote (http:/ / www. Lists The Godfather as "the greatest film of all time". [Motion Picture]. "Pillaging the Cartoon Universe. Empire magazine. [48] Ephron. showbizdata. Retrieved August 17. . Retrieved August 22. [43] DVD review: 'The Godfather Collection' (http:/ / dvdspindoctor. lib. (1998). Published by AMC Filmsite. Film4. cbsnews. com/ title/ tt0128853/ ). com/ story/ ent/ tv/ feature/ 2003/ 05/ 29/ harvey_birdman/ index. Retrieved August 17. You've Got Mail (http:/ / www. typepad. htm). godfathertrilogy. au/ news/ newsitems/ 200506/ s1398449. . hcpl.htm) at Box Office Mojo Fact and Fiction in The Godfather (http://www. Peter. filmsite. 1997 • Nourmand. abc. shtml) on 2007-12-20. Entertainment Weekly. org/ web/ 20071220182910/ http:/ / www. Retrieved 2010-03-04.org. com/ top/ bestofrt_year.metacritic. Warner Bros. May 29.html) • The Guardian. 2005" (http:/ / www. [39] "Entertainment Weekly's 100 Greatest Movies of All Time" (http:/ / www.com/future-of-classic/2009/08/ best-movie-gangster-hits.com/movies/?id=godfather. [42] "The Godfather Trilogy Website" (http:/ / www. cbsnews. 2007.co. 23 (http:/ / dvdspindoctor. com/ the_godfather_dvd_review/ 2007/ 07/ dvd-review-the-. salon.com/m/godfather/) at Rotten Tomatoes The Godfather (http://www." Salon.. .imdb. com).com.thegodfather. html). [41] CBSnews. .. 2010. [49] ""Coppola Angry over Godfather Video Game". typepad. London: Boxtree.boxofficemojo. rottentomatoes. 2010. [40] "Empire's The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time" (http:/ / www. html). 2010. Published by Harris County Public Library. . "Scott Thill. com/ stories/ 2005/ 03/ 04/ entertainment/ main678113. archive. Published by AMC Filmsite. Retrieved August 17.amctv. The Godfather in Pictures. .The Godfather [36] "Rotten Tomatoes: Top Movies: Best of Rotten Tomatoes" (http:/ / www. asp). html) on DVD Spin Doctor [46] "Frankly my dear.com/film/titles/the-godfather) at Metacritic The godfather (http://www. Scott (2003-05-29). .com/title/tt0068646/) at the Internet Movie Database The Godfather (http://www.php)  . .com. us/ watch/ entertainment-weeklys-100-greatest-movies-all-time).salon. php). Godfathertrilogy. 2010.com.guardian. shtml). . empireonline.trutv.  102  Further reading • Burr. Tony. 2003" (http:/ / dir. 2005. The Godfather Book. • Cowie. cfm/ 38287/ COPPOLA_ANGRY_OVER_<I>GODFATHER</ I>_VIDEO_GAME). CBS News.com "CBS" (http:/ / web. Pictures. [37] "Film Four's 100 Greatest Films of All Time" (http:/ / www. "Mob mentality" (http://www. Ty. [38] "Entertainment Weekly's 100 Greatest Movies of All Time" (http:/ / www.
" .534  Running time Country Language Budget Gross revenue  Last Tango in Paris (Italian: Ultimo Tango a Parigi) is a 1972 Italian romantic drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci which portrays a recent American widower who takes up an anonymous sexual relationship with a young. soon-to-be-married Parisian woman. Maria Schneider. The film has its NC-17 rating for "some explicit sexual content. 1972 129 minutes Italy English French $1. 1972 (New York Film Festival) December 15. it was classified as an NC-17 in 1997.301. MGM released a censored R-rated cut in 1981. It stars Marlon Brando. The MPAA gave the film an X rating upon release in the United States. The film's raw portrayal of sexual violence and emotional turmoil led to international controversy and drew various levels of government censorship.25 million $96. and Jean-Pierre Léaud. After revisions were made to the MPAA ratings code.Last Tango in Paris  103  Last Tango in Paris Last Tango in Paris  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by Written by Bernardo Bertolucci Alberto Grimaldi Bernardo Bertolucci Franco Arcalli Agnès Varda Bernardo Bertolucci Marlon Brando Maria Schneider Jean-Pierre Léaud Gato Barbieri  Story by Starring  Music by  Cinematography Vittorio Storaro Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Franco Arcalli Roberto Perpignani United Artists October 14.
This loss of anonymity disillusions Jeanne about the relationship and she tells Paul she doesn't want to see him again. chases her back to her apartment and tells her that he loves her and wants to know her name. Unbeknownst to Paul. and Paul demands that neither of them share any personal information. a middle-aged American hotel owner mourning the suicide of his wife. Jeanne holds a gun she has taken from a drawer. Paul. Paul later meets Jeanne on the street and says that he wants to start anew with their relationship. not wanting to let Jeanne go. Paul. mortally wounded. She tells him her name and shoots him. collapses and dies. The audience then sees Jeanne dazed and muttering to herself that he was just a stranger who tried to rape her. He takes Jeanne to a Tango bar and begins telling her about himself. meets a young engaged Parisian woman named Jeanne (Maria Schneider) in an apartment both are interested in renting. Paul and Jeanne proceed to have an anonymous sexual relationship in the apartment. without warning.  Cast • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • Marlon Brando as Paul Maria Schneider as Jeanne Jean-Pierre Léaud as Tom Maria Michi as Rosa's mother Giovanna Galletti as Prostitute Gitt Magrini as Jeanne's mother Catherine Allégret as Catherine Luce Marquand as Olympia Marie-Hélène Breillat as Monique Catherine Breillat as Mouchette Dan Diament as TV sound engineer Catherine Sola as TV script girl Mauro Marchetti as TV cameraman Massimo Girotti as Marcel Peter Schommer as TV assistant cameraman Veronica Lazar as Rosa Rachel Kesterber as Christine Ramón Mendizábal as Tango Orchestra Leader Mimi Pinson as President of Tango Jury Darling Légitimus as Concierge Gérard Lepennec as Dancer Stéphane Koziak as Dancer Armand Abplanalp as Prostitute's client Jean-Luc Bideau (scenes deleted) as Le capitaine de la péniche Laura Betti (scenes deleted) as Miss Blandish Michel Delahaye (scenes deleted) as Bible salesman Gianni Pulone (scenes deleted) Franca Sciutto (scenes deleted)  . staggers out onto the balcony. reassuring herself that she did not know who he was in a rehearsal for questioning by the police. not even their names. The affair goes on until one day Jeanne comes to the apartment to find that Paul has.Last Tango in Paris  104  Plot Paul (Marlon Brando). sticks his chewing gum under the railing. packed up and left.
even though what Marlon was doing wasn't real. Thankfully." and that she was a user of heroin. but Trintignant refused and."[8] Much like Schneider. The stars were intended to be Dominique Sanda. Schneider recounted feelings of sexual humiliation:  “ "I should have called my agent or had my lawyer come to the set because you can't force someone to do something that isn't in the script. "He's quite clever and more free and very young. An art lover. "The girl wasn't mature enough to understand what was going on. don't worry. The screenplay was by Bertolucci. both by Marlon and by Bertolucci. saying. I will never make another film like that. The film was directed by Bertolucci with cinematography by Vittorio Storaro.[6] that it "ruined her life. and we were all very close. I didn't know that. there was just one take."[3]  . but at the time." which he refused to allow. Marlon Brando refused to memorize his lines for many scenes."[3] Schneider herself said that Brando sent her flowers after they first met. stating "he once dreamed of seeing a beautiful nameless woman on the street and having sex with her without ever knowing who she was"."[2] In a contemporaneous interview. cocaine. Brando "felt raped and humiliated" by the film[6] and told Bertolucci. Instead. She also said of Bertolucci. but later explained.Last Tango in Paris  105  Production Background The idea grew from Bernardo Bertolucci's sexual fantasies. claiming she had slept with fifty men and twenty women. During his long monologue over the body of his wife. I felt a little raped." and commented.[3]  Post-production Maria Schneider provided frank interviews in the wake of Tango's controversy. Marlon said to me: 'Maria. and marijuana.' but during the scene. leaving Bertolucci with the problem of keeping them out of the picture frame. but it really wasn't any father-daughter relationship. for example. I was crying real tears. Everybody was digging what he was doing. Brando's dramatic lifting of his eyes upward is not spontaneous dramatic acting but a search for his next cue.[9] Bertolucci also shot a scene which shows Brando's genitals. however. that she was "bisexual completely. and "from then on he was like a daddy. "I had so identified myself with Brando that I cut it out of shame for myself. Franco Arcalli and Agnès Varda (additional dialogue) and was novelized by Robert Alley. he wrote his lines on cue cards and posted them around the set for easy reference.[2] Brando even asked Bertolucci if he could "write lines on Maria's rear end."[3] Years later. and Jean-Louis Trintignant. when Brando accepted. Marlon didn't console me or apologise. To show him naked would have been like showing me naked. "I was completely and utterly violated by you. it's just a movie. Bertolucci said that Schneider developed an "Oedipal fixation with Brando."[4] During the publicity for the film's release. Bertolucci drew inspiration from Francis Bacon for the opening sequence of cast and crew credits."[3] Brando refused to speak to Bertolucci for fifteen years after wrapping production."[7] In 2011. who developed the idea with Bertolucci. I felt humiliated and to be honest. Bertolucci disavowed that he had "stole[n] her youth." and that she considers Bertolucci a "gangster and a pimp. After the [5] scene. "Brando tried to be very paternalistic with me. Agnès Varda based the last scenes on the death of Jim Morrison in Paris the previous year." ”  Schneider subsequently stated that making the film was her life's only regret. Sanda was pregnant and decided not to do it.[1]  Cue cards As with previous films. Schneider denied this.
"[3] Although many of the original reviews are not included in its rating. writing.[15] [16] Other critics focused on when he asks her to insert her fingers in his anus.  . theatergoers had to push through a mob of 200 outraged residents."[2] The Village Voice reported walkouts by board members and "vomiting by well-dressed wives."[3] After local government officials failed to ban the film in Montclair. delighted or angered by this early scene in Bernardo Bertolucci's new movie. Later. fascinated. The media frenzy surrounding the film generated intense popular interest as well as moral condemnation." While getting the player to work Paul gets an electric shock.[21] Marlon Brando received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Bernardo Bertolucci was nominated for Best Director. Buckley and ABC's Harry Reasoner denounced the film as "pornography disguised as art. NJ."[17] Renowned film critic Pauline Kael bestowed the film with the most ecstatic endorsement of her career."[3] Time wrote."[14] The film's scandal centered mostly on an anal rape scene featuring the use of butter as a lubricant. titillated.[19] [20] American director Robert Altman expressed unqualified praise: "I walked out of the screening and said to myself. 'How dare I make another film?' My personal and artistic life will never be the same. Playboy published a photo spread of Brando and Schneider "cavorting in the nude. Much more. "Any moviegoers who are not shocked. This is a movie people will be arguing about for as long as there are [2] movies. Some instances of music appearing in the film however are not listed in the credits. should be patient. Paul: "Do you enjoy that?" Then the uncredited song is played. disgusted. and asks Paul to take a look at the record player because it does not seem to work: Jeanne: "I've got a surprise for you!" Paul: "That's good. who hurled epithets like "perverts" and "homos" at the attendees. among other things.[18] and Roger Ebert has repeatedly described it as "the most famous movie review ever published" and added the film to his "Great Movies" collection. a bomb threat temporarily halted the showing. For instance in the scene where Jeanne wants to play a record." United Artists reprinted the whole of Kael's extraordinary rave as a double-page ad in the Sunday New York Times.[13] The New York chapter of the National Organization for Women denounced the film as a tool of "male domination. But I don't know how to work it. having sex with a pig. "Tango has altered the face of an art form. What is it?" Jeanne: "Music. the film currently holds an 81% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes.Last Tango in Paris  106  Music The music for the film was composed by Gato Barbieri. There is more to come. Kael's review of Last Tango in Paris is regarded as the most influential piece of her career.[10]  Reception Response in United States The film premiered in New York on 14 October 1972 to enormous public controversy. Vincent Canby of The New York Times described the film's sexual content as the artistic expression of the "era of Norman Mailer and Germaine Greer."[12] Columnist William F. I like surprises. landing cover stories in both Time[11] and Newsweek[3] magazines. Last Tango in Paris. then exacts a vow from her that she would prove her devotion to him by.
The New York Times. "Last Tango in Paris. [24] Case Study: Last Tango in Paris (http:/ / www.[2] spurred by unanimous postive reviews in every major French publication. dailymail. html) [13] Waggoner. 1973. nypost. 91.[22] In order to circumvent state censorship. jpg) [12] "Last Tango in Paris: Can it arouse the same passions now?" (http:/ / www. Following first degree and appeal trials."[25] Chile banned the film entirely for nearly thirty years. . "'Women's Power' Protests 'Male Domination' of Wall St. dll/ article?AID=/ 19950811/ REVIEWS/ 508110302/ 1023) [20] "Great Movies: Last Tango in Paris" (http:/ / rogerebert. Bernardo Bertolucci was served with a four month suspended sentence in prison and had his civil rights revoked for five years. Das. grossing an unprecedented $100. pg. pg. dll/ article?AID=/ 20040815/ REVIEWS08/ 408150301/ 1023) [21] Rotten Tomatoes (http:/ / www. smh. ." August 24. nybooks. Students' British Board of Film Classification page [25] "Last Tango in Paris: Can it Arouse the Same Passions Now?" (http:/ / www. 2007-07-23. "Spaniards Seeing 'Tango' in France. 49. co. pg. html) [7] "Stealing Beauty." The New York Times. co. rottentomatoes. com/ time/ magazine/ article/ 0. [15] "Sick Stick" (http:/ / www. Klemesrud. the fate of the movie was sealed on 26 January 1976 by the Italian Supreme Court. html?ir=Entertainment) [10] http:/ / www. Newsweek.[28] One week later. huffingtonpost." (http:/ / www. com/ media/ *RL/ BrandoLastTangoTimeTN.903717. Lina (1975-09-14). independent. uk/ tvshowbiz/ article-469646/ I-felt-raped-Brando. uk/ arts-entertainment/ films/ features/ last-tango-in-paris-can-it-arouse-the-same-passions-now-454083. au/ news/ film/ downhill-ride-for-maria-after-her-tango-with-brando/ 2006/ 06/ 21/ 1150845244689. uk/ arts-entertainment/ films/ features/ last-tango-in-paris-can-it-arouse-the-same-passions-now-454083. uk/ CaseStudies/ Last_Tango_in_Paris). com/ watch?v=n9JRaX2mZ8c [11] Last Tango in Paris Cover Story (http:/ / teegardennash. uk/ film/ 2004/ feb/ 05/ features. Retrieved 2010-05-07. com/ m/ last_tango_in_paris/ ) [22] "'Last Tango' Wins Raves in France. . [17] Canby. nytimes. greencine.[26] and the film was similarly suppressed in South Korea and Portugal. London: Daily Mail. 117. (though some were preserved by the National Film Library). [6] The Sydney Morning Herald. which sentenced all copies to be destroyed. who defined the movie as "self-serving pornography". 1972. "Tango: The Hottest Movie. however. Walter H. guardian. Mary Whitehouse. com/ apps/ pbcs.A celebration of 500 years of British Art . December 16." February 12. com/ movie/ review?res=EE05E7DF173BE76FBC4A53DFB4668388669EDE) [18] "Finding It at the Movies" (http:/ / www. time.9171. suntimes. "Maria Says her 'Tango' is Not. co.Last Tango in Paris  107  International response In France. Vincent. Tamara. xanbrooks) [8] "INTERVIEW: Bernardo Bertolucci" (http:/ / daily. com/ brad-balfour/ legendary-oscar-winning-b_b_803322." (http:/ / movies. [16] Jenkins. 1973. htm). Judy. Charles. "Movies: About Last Tango in Paris" (http:/ / movies. sbbfc.  References Life: The Observer Magazine . html) Michener. 1972. 1973." (http:/ / rogerebert. "Downhill ride for Maria after her tango with Brando. independent. a self-described champion of decency and morality.19th March 2000 "Self-Portrait of an Angel and Monster" (http:/ / www. suntimes." April 26. com/ movie/ 28388/ Last-Tango-in-Paris/ overview). [23] Giniger.[24] though it is not cut in modern releases. "I felt raped by Brando" (http:/ / www. and its director was put to trial for "obscenity"." The New York Times. html). Henry. thousands of Spaniards traveled hundreds of miles to reach French theaters in Biarritz and Perpignan where Tango was playing. youtube. February 4. and Labour MP Maurice Edelman denounced the classification as "a license to degrade. depriving him of voting rights. [14] Johnston. com/ archives/ 007965. April 16. the film was released on December 15. expressed outrage that the film had been certified "X" rather than banned outright. html) [9] "Legendary Oscar-Winner Bernardo Bertolucci's Career Celebrated at MoMA" (http:/ / www.[23] British censors reduced the duration of the sodomy sequence before permitting it to open in the United Kingdom. pg. Retrieved 2007-04-21. co. pg." The New York Times.00. 39. movie-goers stood in two-hour lines for the first month of its run at the seven theaters where Tango played. police seized all copies on the order of a prosecutor." The New York Times.000 in only six days. com/ apps/ pbcs." 'The New York Times. New York Post. com/ articles/ 1959) [19] "Last Tango in Paris. Laurie. fifteen years after the movie's release. 1973." (http:/ / www. "Pickets Call 'Tango' Filthy as it Starts its Montclair Run. 1973. com/ seven/ 07232007/ gossip/ pagesix/ sick_stick_pagesix_. nytimes. 24.[7] In 1987. co. com. a new ruling allowed the movie to be released in Italy. html) [1] [2] [3] [4] [5]  .[27] In Italy.
Revolution. Chile Relaxes Its Censorship (http:/ / www.com/current/posts/834) Site devoted to the uncredited music in the film (http://mysterytrack.net/) Last Tango in Paris (http://www. and 'Last Tango'.imdb.org/Movie/Last_Tango_In_Paris/index.com/m/last_tango_in_paris/) at Rotten Tomatoes Ultimo Tango Em Paris MOVIE (http://camillacastro.Last Tango in Paris [26] After Banning 1." The New York Times.092 Movies.wordpress.life.  108  External links • • • • • • • Last Tango in Paris (http://www.rottentomatoes.com/image/first/in-gallery/55541/last-tango-in-paris#index/0) slideshow by Life magazine  .com/) Maria Schneider Filmography (http://www. Mel. "Bertolucci Talks about Sex. html) [27] "Bertolucci revisited: Another tango with the master of taboo" (http:/ / www.maria-schneider. com/ 2002/ 12/ 13/ world/ after-banning-1092-movies-chile-relaxes-its-censorship. pg.html) Pauline Kael's review (http://www. 1973. 20. February 2.criterion. nytimes. thestar. com/ entertainment/ movies/ article/ 916135--bertolucci-revisited-another-tango-with-the-master-of-taboo) [28] Gussow.com/title/tt0070849/) at the Internet Movie Database Last Tango in Paris (http://www.
The film was directed by Arthur Penn.  . Harry Dean Stanton. The score was composed by John Williams. John McLiam and Kathleen Lloyd. The title of the movie refers to a forlorn and very rugged area of north central Montana. with supporting performances by Randy Quaid. Sherman Thomas McGuane Marlon Brando Jack Nicholson Randy Quaid Kathleen Lloyd Frederic Forrest Harry Dean Stanton John Williams  Music by  Cinematography Michael Butler Editing by Dede Allen Gerald B.The Missouri Breaks  109  The Missouri Breaks The Missouri Breaks  Directed by Produced by Written by Starring  Arthur Penn Elliott Kastner Robert M. Frederic Forrest. 1976 126 minutes United States English  Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language  The Missouri Breaks is a 1976 American western film starring Marlon Brando and Jack Nicholson. where over eons the Missouri River has made countless deep cuts or "breaks" in the land. Greenberg Steven A. Rotter United Artists May 18.
who doesn't strike him as a farmer. one by one.. Clayton arrives with a fancy wardrobe. They decide to seek vengeance against Braxton by killing his foreman Pete Marker and by buying a small property close to Braxton's ranch.  Production In a May 24.. Cary Harry Dean Stanton . 1976 Time magazine interview it was revealed that Brando "changed the entire flavor of his character — a bounty hunter called Robert E. In their absence. He amuses himself by shooting two more of Logan's partners. He pulls a weapon on Logan and is shot in the chest.. Lee Clayton — by inventing a deadly hand weapon resembling both a harpoon and a mace that he uses to kill. He acknowledges to Jane the possibility that they can renew their relationship another time.. Ryan . from a distance and then by wearing a "granny" dress while brutally killing Logan's closest friend. He also wants vengeance against Braxton for having hired the regulator in the first place. Cal John McLiam . a land baron who takes the law into his own hands. without Logan. Logan plants crops and enters into a relationship with Braxton's virginal daughter. including one by American Humane Association(AHA)-prohibited tripwire. Logan knows it's kill or be killed. Cy (as John Ryan)  . a notorious "regulator" who. which included catching grasshoppers after the day's shooting and taking a bite out of a live frog.[3]  Cast Marlon Brando . Clayton dons a variety of disguises and begins to pick off Logan's gang. Lee Clayton. for a price. Clayton spies on Logan with binoculars and taunts Braxton about his daughter's affair with a horse thief. One night after a campfire goes dark with Clayton serenading his horse. Cary and Cy.. Little Tod Kathleen Lloyd . then rustling his stock. Jane Braxton Frederic Forrest . who has lost his mind as well as his daughter. He said. despite his feelings for Jane. He then comes after Braxton. First the gang. Tom Logan Randy Quaid .. Identifying himself as "Jim Ferguson. He and his gang are particularly upset by the hanging of a friend by Braxton..The Missouri Breaks  110  Plot Tom Logan is a rustler experiencing hard times. only to lose much of the money. Robert E. It appealed to me because I used to be very expert at knife throwing.... He sends for Robert E.. rides off across the Missouri River and north of the border to steal horses belonging to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. Jane. Quickly suspicious of Logan. Logan slits his throat. Braxton attempts to discharge him but Clayton is determined to finish what he starts. will take care of rustlers personally. with a handmade weapon. Lee Clayton Jack Nicholson ."[1] The filming was marked by Brando's erratic behavior.." he kills Logan's young friend Little Tod by dragging him with a rope through the raging Missouri. David Braxton John P.. Logan abandons his farm and packs up to leave. an Irish brogue and an 1859 Sharps rifle with which he is deadly accurate from a very long distance. Cal.[2] After one horse drowned and several others were injured. Logan's men pull off a daring train robbery. this film was placed on the AHA's "unacceptable" list. Braxton is obsessed with both his rustling problem and his daughter. a perfumed scent. another place... "I always wondered why in the history of lethal weapons no one invented that particular one..
com/work/1:32931) at Allmovie  .. Pete Marker James Greene .com/title/tt0074906/) at the Internet Movie Database • The Missouri Breaks (http://tcmdb. Robert.. time. Baggage clerk Hunter von Leer .. amctv. the film became a notorious critical and commercial failure. com/ classics/ a1_370b. Hellsgate rancher Luana Anders .. Hank Rate Steve Franken .The Missouri Breaks Sam Gilman . Rancher's wife Danny Goldman . Retrieved on 2009-06-22 [3] "Are animals really killed in movie and TV death scenes?" (http:/ / www. html) from The Straight Dope  External links • The Missouri Breaks (http://www.. straightdope.... Vincent Canby's review in the May 20.. com/ future-of-classic/ 2009/ 06/ method-actors-in-westerns.879746.allmovie.00. "Dustin Hoffman in Spurs? Method Actors Show the Old West Who's Boss" (http:/ / blogs. com/ time/ magazine/ article/ 0... Lonesome Kid Richard Bradford . 1976 New York Times cited "an out-of-control performance" by Brando. Despite its two stars.  References [1] "The Private World of Marlon Brando" (http:/ / www.. Sandy  111  Reaction Considered perhaps the most anticipated film of 1976..jsp?stid=17658) at the TCM Movie Database • The Missouri Breaks (http://www..9171. php) Future of Classic. html) from TIME magazine [2] Silva. being Brando's followup to The Godfather and Last Tango in Paris and one of Nicholson's first films since Chinatown. 2009-06-20.imdb.com/title/title. Missouri Breaks reportedly earned a domestic box-office gross of a mere $14 million.
[1]  References [1] "NY Times: Raoni" (http:/ / movies. NY Times. Retrieved 2008-11-16. nytimes.com/title/tt0078140/) at the Internet Movie Database  .imdb. com/ movie/ 72520/ Raoni-The-Fight-For-the-Amazon/ details). It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.Raoni  112  Raoni Raoni Directed by Produced by Written by Jean-Pierre Dutilleux Luiz Carlos Saldanha Jean-Pierre Dutilleux Luiz Carlos Saldanha Jean-Pierre Dutilleux Luiz Carlos Saldanha Barry Hugh Williams Marlon Brando (English version) Paulo César Peréio (Portuguese version) Jacques Perrin (French version)  Narrated by  Cinematography Luiz Carlos Saldanha Editing by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Vera Freire 1978 84 minutes France English  Raoni (also known as Raoni: The Fight for the Amazon) is a 1978 French documentary film directed by Jean-Pierre Dutilleux and Luiz Carlos Saldanha.  External links • Raoni (http://www. .
Superman (film)  113  Superman (film) Superman  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by Richard Donner Alexander Salkind Ilya Salkind Pierre Spengler Mario Puzo David Newman Leslie Newman Robert Benton Tom Mankiewicz (creative consultant) Mario Puzo Superman by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster Marlon Brando Gene Hackman Christopher Reeve Margot Kidder John Williams  Screenplay by  Story by Based on Starring  Music by  Cinematography Geoffrey Unsworth Editing by Studio Stuart Baird Michael Ellis Dovemead Film Export A. International Film Productions Warner Bros.G.218. 10 December 1978 (United States) 21 December 1978 (United Kingdom) 143 minutes English $55 million $300.018 Superman II  Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Language Budget Gross revenue Followed by  .
where the crystal builds the Fortress of Solitude." Meanwhile. The film was conceived in 1973 by Ilya Salkind. Mankiewicz was credited as creative consultant. New Jersey. most notably Guy Hamilton.  . resembling the architecture of Krypton. Donner brought Tom Mankiewicz to rewrite the script. Smallville. Tensions rose between Donner and the producers. to "eternal living death" in the Phantom Zone. Shortly after the launch Krypton is destroyed. Margot Kidder. Superman was released with critical acclaim and financial success. but she sees him as awkward and unsophisticated.[2] The film's legacy helped create a reemergence of science fiction films and the establishment of the superhero film genre. using evidence provided by scientist Jor-El. as well as Gene Hackman. Jor-El launches a spacecraft containing the child towards Earth. requiring Clark to use his powers in public for the first time to save her. Three years later the ship lands near an American farming town. a vision of Jor-El explains Clark's origins. causing a massive earthquake which he battles to correct. Clark hears a psychic "call". eventually giving birth to Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut. Luthor's girlfriend Eve Teschmacher successfully changes the course of a second missile. discovering a glowing green crystal in the ship. and a decision was made to stop filming Superman II and finish the first film. Clark leaves the Fortress with a colorful costume and becomes a reporter at the Daily Planet in Metropolis. Marc McClure. Jackie Cooper.  114  Plot On the planet Krypton. The hero visits Lois at home. Inside. Richard Donner directed the film. where Kal-El is found by Jonathan and Martha Kent and raised as their own son. and screenwriters (Mario Puzo. He is thus too late to stop the second impact. with his powers fully developed. and allows her to interview him for an article in which she names him "Superman. feeling it was too campy. Disguised as reporter Clark Kent. Knowing Superman could stop his plan. Several directors. criminal genius Lex Luthor has developed a nefarious plan to make a fortune in real estate by buying large amounts of barren desert land and then diverting a nuclear missile test flight to the San Andreas Fault. The film depicts the origin of Superman. Eighteen years later. To save his infant son Kal-El. Lois becomes involved in a helicopter accident where conventional means of rescue are impossible. Despite his eminence. Reviewers noted parallels between the film's depiction of Superman and Jesus. from infancy as Kal-El of Krypton and growing up in Smallville. Glenn Ford. and where Kal-El's dense molecular structure will give him superhuman powers. Valerie Perrine and Ned Beatty. Phyllis Thaxter. General Zod. he adopts a mild-mannered attitude in Metropolis and develops a romance with Lois Lane. As Superman weakens. It compels him to travel to the Arctic. Luthor lures him to his underground lair and exposes him to Kryptonite. after the death of Jonathan. After 12 years. After his incompetent henchman Otis accidentally redirects the first rocket to the wrong place. greatly increasing its value. while battling the villainous Lex Luthor. a distant planet with a suitable atmosphere. David and Leslie Newman and Robert Benton) were associated with the project before Donner was hired to direct. It was decided to film both Superman and Superman II simultaneously.Superman (film) Superman (also known as Superman: The Movie) is a 1978 superhero film based on the DC Comics character of the same name. Jor-El is unable to convince the Council of his belief that Krypton will soon explode. He meets and develops a romantic attraction to coworker Lois Lane. the Ruling Council sentences three attempted insurrectionists. educating him in powers and responsibilities. but Luthor does not care and leaves Superman to a slow death. takes her for a flight over the city. which stars Christopher Reeve as Superman. Marlon Brando. The missile will sink California and leave Luthor's desert as the new West Coast of the United States. Ursa and Non. Principal photography started in March 1977 and ended in October 1978. knowing that Superman cannot stop both impacts. in the opposite direction. Luthor taunts him by revealing that the first missile is headed to Hackensack. Teschmacher is horrified because her mother lives in Hackensack. Teschmacher rescues Superman on the condition that he will deal with the New Jersey missile first. Clark. The rescue of Air Force One and other good deeds make the mysterious "caped wonder" a celebrity. Donner had already shot 75%[1] of the planned sequel.
Margot Kidder (suggested by Stalmaster). • Jack O'Halloran as Non: The third of the Kryptonian villains who are sentenced to be isolated in the Phantom Zone. Keenan Wynn was originally cast. strength and invulnerability who after realizing his destiny to serve mankind uses his powers to protect and save others. He assigns Lois to uncover the news of an unknown businessman purchasing a large amount of property in California.Superman (film) While Superman is busy saving others. Deborah Raffin and Stockard Channing screen tested throughout March through May 1977. She is madly in love with Superman and often ignores Clark. Superman delivers Luthor and Otis to prison. The final decision was between Channing [6] [7] and Kidder. Reeve was picked from over 200 actors who auditioned for the role. Superman ignores Jor-El's warning not to interfere with human history.[4] • Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor: An evil scientific genius armed with vast resources who would prove to be Superman's arch-nemesis. It is he who discovers Superman's weakness and hatches an evil plan that puts millions of people in danger. he works in Metropolis at the Daily Planet as mild mannered newspaper reporter Clark Kent.  . • Jackie Cooper as Perry White: Clark Kent's hot-tempered boss at the Daily Planet. Lois's car falls into the ground due to an aftershock. Susan Blakely. As a means to protect his identity.  115  Cast • Marlon Brando as Jor-El: Kal-El's father on Krypton. Jor-El dies as the planet explodes but successfully sends his infant son to Earth as a means to help the innocent. He threatens Jor-El. Cooper. Superman is a being of immense power. who originally auditioned for Otis. • Trevor Howard as the First Elder: Head of the Kryptonian Council. It quickly fills with dirt and debris and she suffocates to death. She shows a romantic interest in Superman. with Kidder winning the role. was subsequently cast. "Any attempt by you to create a climate of fear and panic amongst the populace must be deemed by us an act of insurrection. implied by her fixing her hair before she makes her presence known to him.[3] This stopped Brando's footage from being used in Richard Lester's version of Superman II. Jonathan is a farmer who teaches Clark ideal skills that will help him in the future.[5] • Glenn Ford as Jonathan Kent: Clark Kent's adoptive father in Smallville during his youth. He later suffers a fatal heart attack that changes Clark's outlook on his duty to others. • Christopher Reeve as Clark Kent / Superman: Born on Krypton as Kal-El and raised on Earth. but she too is not swayed by Jor-El's theories. preferring to remember Jonathan Kent's advice that he must be on Earth for "a reason"." • Margot Kidder as Lois Lane: A reporter at the Daily Planet who becomes a romantic interest for Clark Kent. who does not believe Jor-El's claim that Krypton is doomed to its own destruction. and then by kissing him before she saves his life. • Ned Beatty as Otis: Lex Luthor's bumbling henchman. Anne Archer. altering history so that her car is never caught in the aftershock. • Maria Schell as Vond-Ah: Like Jor-El. Already cynical of Luthor's increasing grandiosity and disturbed by his cruelty. Distraught at being unable to save Lois. Over 100 actresses were considered for the role. and flies into the sunrise for further adventures. Lesley Ann Warren. New Jersey. though the Council refuses to listen. Brando sued the Salkinds and Warner Bros. for $50 million because he felt cheated out of his share of the box office profits. a top Kryptonian scientist. but dropped out shortly before filming because of heart disease. • Terence Stamp as General Zod: Evil leader of the three Kryptonian villains who swears vengeance against Jor-El when he is sentenced to the Phantom Zone. • Valerie Perrine as Eve Teschmacher: Lex Luthor's girlfriend and accomplice. she saves Superman's life after learning that Luthor has launched a nuclear missile toward her mother's hometown of Hackensack. He travels back in time in order to save Lois. He has a theory about the planet exploding.
[10] Guy Hamilton was hired as director. and their partner Pierre Spengler. David Petrou. Alexander felt. Neil continued her role in the 1950s TV series.[8] • Susannah York as Lara: Superman's biological mother on Krypton. who was previously considered for Superman. after a long difficult process with DC Comics. Jeff East. Robert Redford was offered a lot of money. Richard Lester. Ilya wanted to hire Steven Spielberg to direct. Jaws was very successful. Alyn and Neill portrayed Superman and Lois Lane in the 1948 serial and Atom Man vs. his father Alexander Salkind. and approved the producer's choices of Muhammad Ali. making him unpopular among his classmates and frustrating his efforts to gain the attention of classmate Lana Lang. prompting the producers to offer Spielberg the position.[6] Jax-Ur appeared as one of General Zod's henchman. Steve McQueen.[6] William Goldman was approached to write the screenplay. George Lucas turned down the offer because of his commitment to Star Wars. but nothing ever came of it. Clark is forced to hide his superhuman abilities. Jor-El's.[8] [11] It was decided to first sign an A-list actor for Superman. and also appeared in the opening scene of Superman Returns.000 salary.  116  Production Development Ilya Salkind had first conceived the idea for a Superman film in late 1973. simultaneously.[9] • Marc McClure as Jimmy Olsen: A teenage photographer at the Daily Planet. Superman. appearing as football players (in gray) during the scene with Clark as the equipment manager of the Smallville football team. DC wanted a list of actors that were to be considered for Superman. but felt he was too famous. Peckinpah dropped out when he produced a gun [5] [10] during a meeting with Ilya. • Jeff East as the teenage Clark Kent: As a teenager. Thaxter was producer Ilya Salkind's mother-in-law. Kirk Alyn and Noel Neill have cameo appearances as Lois Lane's father and mother. with Clark Kent written as a television reporter. but Alexander was skeptical. Edward Finneran and Tim Hussey. John Guillermin.[11] [12] Francis Ford Coppola. he travels to the Arctic to discover his Kryptonian heritage (All of East's dialogue in the film is dubbed over by Christopher Reeve). Clint Eastwood and Dustin [8] Hoffman. after learning of Krypton's fate.Superman (film) • Phyllis Thaxter as Martha Kent: Clark's faithful adoptive mother. Paul Newman was offered his choosing as Superman. Two unknowns also have cameos. feeling it was best to "wait until [Spielberg's] big fish opens". while Leigh Brackett was considered. has apprehensions about sending her infant son to a strange planet alone. She is her son's emotional support after Clark is devastated by Jonathan's death. but by then Spielberg had already committed to Close Encounters of the Third Kind.[10] In November 1974. that Bester was not famous enough. however. plans to save his planet. The filmmakers felt it was best to film Superman and Superman II back-to-back. originally auditioned for this role. and so hired Mario Puzo (The Godfather) to write the screenplay at a $600. Lara. while Sylvester Stallone was interested. William Friedkin. the Superman film rights were purchased by Ilya.[9] • Sarah Douglas as Ursa: General Zod's second in command and consort. James Caan. Following the death of his adoptive father. Ronald Neame and Sam Peckinpah were in negotiations to direct. turned down Lex Luthor. who compels Jor-El to be reasonable about his. the author of the making-of book about the movie also appears briefly in that scene. Burt Reynolds also turned down the role. Lex Luthor or Jor-El for $4 million. Ilya hired Alfred Bester. Peter Yates. • Harry Andrews as the Second Elder: Council member. A kindly woman who dotes on her adoptive son and is fiercely devoted to her husband Jonathan. Larry Hagman and Rex Reed also cameo. turning down all three roles.[5]  . and to make a negative pickup deal with Warner Bros. who portrayed teenage Clark Kent. while Puzo delivered his 500-page script for Superman and Superman II in July 1975. who began writing a film treatment. Al Pacino. who were the teenage boys who won "The Great Superman Movie Contest". Dustin Hoffman.
Reeve stunned the director and producers.[5] while Patrick Wayne was cast. Brando signed on as Jor-El with a salary of $3. so even for two features. Jon Voight. James Caan.[20] Many have felt Reeve was typecast in the role  117  . Prowse had wanted to portray Superman. and Perry King were approached. Over 200 unknown actors auditioned for Superman. He also refused to memorize his dialog. "Jon Voight had signed a deal to play Superman for a lot of money if we couldn't find anyone else. Nick Nolte. so cue cards were compiled across the set.7 million and 11. Donner had previously been planning Damien: Omen II when he was hired in January 1977 for $1 million to direct Superman and Superman II. James Brolin. "They had prepared the picture for a year and not one bit was useful to me." producer Ilya Salkind remembered."[14] Neil Diamond and Arnold Schwarzenegger were interested but ignored. "That was literally a shooting script and they planned to shoot all 550 pages. Bruce Jenner then auditioned for Superman.[13] Brando had it in his contract to complete all of his scenes in 12 days." creative consultant Tom Mankiewicz remembered. the producers hired Richard Donner. including a cameo appearance by Telly Savalas as his Kojak character.[15] Casting of Superman The producers previously failed to sign an A-list actor for the title role before Richard Donner's hiring." Donner continued. It was 550 pages. Production moved to England in late-1976. Reeve went from 170 to 212 pounds during pre-production and filming. a sexual obscenity charge from Last Tango in Paris. but Hamilton could not join because he was a tax exile. much to the annoyance from the Guild. The scripts for Superman and Superman II were now at over 400-pages combined.Superman (film) In early 1975. but were ignored. but was denied an audition by the filmmakers because he was not American.75% of the box office gross profits. 110 pages is plenty for a script. but dropped out when his father was diagnosed with stomach cancer.[10] Brando hoped to use some of his salary for a proposed 13-part Roots-style miniseries on Native Americans in the United States. I said.[6] [10] Though the Salkinds felt that Puzo had written a solid story for the two-part film.[5] Their script was submitted in July 1976. 'You can't shoot this screenplay because you'll be shooting for five years'.[5] [10] Stalmaster convinced Donner and Ilya to have Reeve screen test in February 1977."[10] Over 200 unknowns were tested. but Donner used flattery to persuade the actor to portray Jor-El himself. but he was told to wear a "muscle suit" to produce the desired muscular physique.[7] [19] undertaking a strict physical exercise regime headed by David Prowse."[17] Mankiewicz conceived having each Kryptonian family wear a crest resembling a different letter. Lyle Waggoner.[5] [10] Kris Kristofferson and Charles Bronson were also considered for the title role. It was decided to cast an unknown actor. but [6] Donner and the producers felt he was too young and skinny. He horrified Salkind by proposing in their first meeting that Jor-El appear as a suitcase or a green bagel with Brando's voice.[3] [14] Pre-production started in Rome. "In Italy. You know.[18] including Christopher Walken and Nick Nolte. they deemed his scripts too long and so hired Robert Benton and David Newman for rewrite work. so Donner gave him a creative consultant credit.[14] "It was a well-written. The search became so desperate that producer Ilya Salkind's wife's dentist was screen tested. Reeve refused. but after seeing The Omen.[5] [6] "We found guys with fabulous physique who couldn't act or wonderful actors who did not look remotely like Superman.[15] Both Neil Diamond and Arnold Schwarzenegger lobbied hard for the role. totaling $19 million. Fellow Oscar winner Hackman was cast as Lex Luthor days later. The filmmakers made it a priority to shoot all of Brando and Hackman's footage "because they would be committed to other films immediately". that was way too much. and casting director Lynn Stalmaster first suggested Christopher Reeve.[15] Donner felt it was best to start from scratch. but still a ridiculous script. According to Mankiewicz "not a word from the Puzo script was used". "we lost about $2 million [on flying tests]. Christopher Walken. justifying the 'S' on Superman's costume."[15] Donner was dissatisfied with the campy script and brought Tom Mankiewicz to perform a rewrite. with sets starting construction and flying tests being unsuccessfully experimented.[15] The Writers Guild of America refused to credit Mankiewicz for his rewrites.[6] and carried a camp tone.[16] Brando found out he couldn't film in Italy because of a warrant out for his arrest. Prowse also auditioned for Non.[14] Mark Robson was strongly considered in talks to direct. Benton became too busy directing The Late Show and David's wife Leslie was brought in to help her husband finish writing duties.
Reeve felt. Alberta. but each time he sued the Salkinds in one country.[22] Salkind felt that bringing a second director onto the set meant there would be someone ready in the event that Donner couldn't fulfill his directing duties."[21] Jeff East portrays teenage Clark Kent. "[Donner] couldn't make up [10] On Lester. Peter MacDonald and John Glen directed second unit scenes."[22] Richard Lester. "It was done without my permission but it turned out to be okay. which he'd never gotten. Superman was also the final complete film by cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth. He won a lot of his lawsuits." Musketeers. "At one time if I'd seen him.[22] With his relationship with Spengler. and then I'll be nine months over?'. and the Kent farm constructed at Blackie. Lester told me. He applied 3 to 4 hours of prosthetic makeup daily to facially resemble Reeve. At one point he said. from Costa Rica to Panama to Switzerland. 1977 at Pinewood Studios for Krypton scenes. Alberta. He said. Lake Mead and Grand Central Terminal. during the time of the New York City blackout of 1977.[26] The filmmakers took a risk: if Superman was a box office bomb. Warner Bros. John Barry served as production designer.Superman (film) during his career.[12] [22] New York City doubled for Metropolis."[9] East also tore several thigh muscles when performing the stunt of racing alongside the train. until October 1978. 'Believe me. filming lasted for 19 months."[12] Lester was offered producing credit but refused. Donner reflected. but problems rose during production. Donner had already completed 75% of the sequel. I would have killed him. When I was hired. while Barry.[25] Brief filming also took place in Gallup. "Being there all the time meant he [Lester] could take over. Derek Meddings and Les Bowie were credited as visual effects supervisors. but you'll probably do it and end up telling the next guy. call me. Brooklyn Heights was also used. The Fortress of Solitude was constructed at Shepperton Studios and at Pinewood's 007 Stage. Since Superman was being shot simultaneously with Superman II. Canada for scenes set in Smallville. the high school football scenes at Barons. 'Don't do it. while the New York Daily News Building served as the location for the offices of the Daily Planet. who worked with the Salkinds on The Three Musketeers and The Four Musketeers. Now I'm telling you not to. with Superman time  . "He'd been suing the Salkinds for his money on Three and Four his mind on stuff. decided to distribute in not only North America. his wife Wendy Leech was Kidder's double." Salkind admitted."[17] It was decided to stop shooting Superman II and focus on finishing Superman." East commented. Chris did a good job but it caused tension between us. but also in foreign countries.[22] [23] Upon viewing the footage of Krypton. they'd move to another. "Donner never got a budget or a schedule. He was constantly told he was way over schedule and budget. Ursa and Non destroying the planet. "I was not happy about it because the producers never told me what they had in mind. However. I'm only doing it because they're paying me the money that they owe me from the lawsuit. Production moved to Alberta. they would not finish Superman II. We resolved our issues with each other years later. I'll never go to your dailies. I'll never come onto your set unless you ask me. budgeted as the most expensive film ever made at that point. I didn't trust Lester. New Mexico. 'Why don't you just schedule the film for the next two days. rather than closing a door in my face. Due to complications and problems during filming.[9]  118  Filming Principal photography began on March 24. Alberta. with the cemetery scene filmed in the canyon of Beynon. but I did it. while Stuart Craig and Norman Reynolds worked as art directors. Creative consultant Tom Mankiewicz reflected.[2] Director Donner had tensions with the Salkinds and Spengler concerning the escalating production budget and the shooting schedule. East had his voice overdubbed by Reeve. If I can help you in any way. "'Superman' brought me many opportunities. also supplied $20 million and acquired television rights. I was told not to. who died during post-production while working on Tess for director Roman Polanski. Vic Armstrong was hired as the stunt coordinator and Reeve's stunt double. David Lane.[10] who by now were refusing to talk to each other.[24] Filming in New York lasted five weeks. going uncredited for his work. was then brought in as a temporary associate producer to mediate the relationship between Donner and the Salkinds. Don't work for them.' Lester came in as a 'go-between'. Filming was originally scheduled to last between seven and eight months. Warner Bros. Stuart Freeborn was the make-up artist. Donner remarked. The original climax for Superman II had General Zod. and I told him.
[27] The first test for the flying sequences involved simply catapulting a crash test dummy out of a cannon. Counterweights and pulleys were typically used to achieve flying movement rather than electronic or motorized devices. Instead. If it ain't a success. in the end.  Actual screen shot for comparison. High quality. Young Clark Kent's long-distance football punt was executed with a wooden football loaded into an air blaster placed in the ground. Both were discarded due to lack of movement. three techniques were used to achieve the flying effects. Slow motion was used to simulate the vast amount of water for the Hoover Dam destruction. The blue background would then be photochemically removed and Reeve's isolated image would then be 'inserted' in to a matted area of a background plate shot. "I decided if Superman is a success. presented by optical effects supervisor Roy Field. these were suspended from tower cranes. The zoom-ins or zoom-outs would give the appearance of flying away or  . Suit has greenish hue. whereas in the studio elaborate rigs were suspended from the studio ceilings. with speed trails added to make the effect more convincing. Another technique had a remote control cast of Superman flying around. Although stuntmen were used. wire flying riggings were devised and used. for use with blue-screen effects. As detailed in the Superman: The Movie DVD special effects documentary 'The Magic Behind The Cape'. with the nuclear missile that Superman did not counter against flying in outer space. The Superman costume was to be a much darker blue. all of which were created before the digital age. Some of the wire-flying work was quite audacious considering computer controlled rigs were not then available — the penultimate shot where Superman flies out of the prison yard for example. The Golden Gate Bridge scale model stood 70 feet long and 20 feet wide. they're going to do a sequel. the camera would use a mixture of long zoom-ins and zoom-outs to cause him to become larger or smaller in the frame. Reeve would be photographed against a blue screen. Other miniatures included the Krypton Council Dome and the Hoover Dam.Superman (film) traveling to fix the damage. Donner commented. a cliffhanger ain't gonna bring them to see Superman II. The Fortress of Solitude was a combination of a full-scale set and matte paintings. For landings and take-offs. On location. Reeve did much of the work himself. and was suspended as high as 50 ft in the air.[5] On the original ending for Superman. The missile would strike the Phantom Zone. For shots where the camera is stationary and Superman is seen flying towards or away from the camera in the frame. blue screen matte shots were used. freeing the three Kryptonian villains."[15]  119  Effects  Publicity still emulating screen shot. Lex Luthor and Otis were put in prison. While a special device made his cape flap to give the illusion of movement. but the use of blue screen made it transparent. realistic-looking animation was tried.  Superman is well-known for its large-scale visual effects sequences. the actor himself would remain stationary.
[5] Kidder was supposed to sing "Can You Read My Mind". He dropped out over scheduling conflicts and John Williams was hired. the occasional presence of black matte lines (where the matte area and the matted image — in the case Superman — don't exactly match-up) and the slightly unconvincing impression of movement achieved through the use of long zoom lenses is characteristic of these shots. set on Krypton. even in the face of our deaths. relying on traditional cinematic drama and using only subtle humor instead of a campy approach. The first segment. and it would project into a mirror. The third (and largest) segment was an attempt to present the superhero story with as much realism as possible (what Donner called "verisimilitude"). There was a little light on each camera.[27] The illusion of movement was created by zooming in on Reeve while making the front projected image appear to recede.[2] [5] Mankiewicz deliberately fostered analogies with Jor-El (God) and Kal-El (Jesus). All that I have. The second segment.Superman (film) towards the contents of the background plate.[2] Donner.[14] Donner is  . and see my life through your eyes. The disparity in lighting and colour between the matted image and the background plate. Reeve and actors were put in a variety of rigging equipment with careful lighting and photography. The result was a very clear and intense photographic reproduction of both the actors and the background plate with far less of the image deterioration or lighting problems than occur with rear projection. For shots where the camera is tracking with Superman as he flies (such as in the Superman and Lois Metropolis flying sequence) front projection was used. but also lays the groundwork for the Jesus Christ analogy that emerges in the relationship between Jor-El and Kal-El. is reminiscent of 1950s films.[28] The highly reflective costumes worn by the Kryptonians were the result of an accident during Superman flying tests. hit the costume. as your life will be seen through mine. but Donner disliked it and changed it to a composition accompanied by a voiceover. [and] millions of little glass heads would light up and bring the image back into the camera. Portions of Goldsmith's work from Capricorn One were used in Superman's teaser trailer. my little Kal-El. bounce out in front of the lens. The richness of our lives shall be yours. A technique was developed that combined the front projection effect with specially designed zoom lenses. designing a front projection effect for each camera. my son. the lyrics to which were written by Leslie Bricusse. Kal-El." Donner explained. "We tore the material into tiny pieces and glued it on the costumes. is meant to be typical of science fiction films. For scenes where Superman interacts with other people or objects while in flight.[27] This also led to the creation of the Zoptic system. But we will never leave you."[15]  120  Music Jerry Goldsmith. Williams liked that the film did not take itself too seriously and that it had a theatrical camp feel to it. You will make my strength your own. This is all I can send you. "We noticed the material lit up on its own.[2]  Themes "You will travel far. and its small-town atmosphere is meant to evoke a Norman Rockwell painting. the father becomes the son. The music was one of the last pieces to come into place. You will carry me inside you all the days of your life. was originally set to compose Superman. Tom Mankiewicz and Ilya Salkind have commented on the use of Christian references to discuss the themes of Superman. This involved photographing the actors suspended in front of a background image dimly projected from the front on to a special screen made by 3M that would reflect light back at many times the original intensity directly in to a combined camera/projector. The son becomes the father. all that I've learned. who scored Donner's The Omen. set in Smallville. everything I feel—all this and more I bequeath you." — Jor-El  Superman is divided into three basic sections. each with three distinct themes and visual styles.
Kal-El.[38] Ebert placed the  . Reeve is perfectly cast in the role. "Superman is a pure delight. Kal-El. Jor-El says. nebbish Jewish stereotype.[2] The spacecraft that brings Kal-El to Earth is in the form of a star (Star of Bethlehem). Rabbi Simcha Weinstein's book Up. Comics. featuring the fall. to discover where your strength and power are needed. but the problems during filming pushed the film back by six months." Salkind felt this was an important point in the film. saying "He's a bumbling. says that Superman is both a pillar of society and one whose cape conceals a "nebbish". they wish to be. Superman replies. He's Woody Allen. Editor Stuart Baird reflected. 1978 in America." which was compared to the Virgin Mary. earthshaking special effects and wit. resulting in "universal acclaim".[31] Superman was the sixth-highest grossing film at the time of its release.[33] The film was widely regarded as one of top 10 movies of 1978. I got chills. you've gotta turn the picture over. "Live as one of them. since Superman. Any poor choice would have ruined the film". as well as Warner Bros. for his part. time traveling to save her from dying... no premiere took place. I would have perfected a lot of things. with the consensus "Superman deftly blends humor and gravitas. a wondrous combination of all the old-fashioned things we never really get tired of: adventure and romance. Due to the rushed post-production."[29] [30] Ironically. Big-budgeted films today tend to take six to eight months."[2] The theme resembles the Biblical account of God sending his only son Jesus to Earth in hope for the good of mankind. a parallel to the casting out of Satan from Heaven. wished that he'd "had another six months. totaling $300. He really is Superman". Up and Oy Vey: How Jewish History.[2] Just as little is known about Jesus during his middle years. Jor-El casts out General Zod from Krypton." His romance with Lois also leads him to contradict Jor-El's orders to avoid altering human history.Superman (film) somewhat skeptical of Mankiewicz' actions. For this reason above all. heroes and villains.. it is also in the Reeve films that Clark Kent's persona has the greatest resemblance to Woody Allen. who are unable to have children."[2] Several concepts and items of imagery have been used in Biblical comparisons. "All these years how we've prayed and prayed that the good Lord would see fit to give us a child. his father on Earth."[17] Warner Bros. nostalgic tribute to an American pop culture icon.[22] Based on 52 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes. Chris Reeve has just the right touch of humor.' most successful (which has since been beaten).22 million in North America and $166 million in foreign countries. "Filming was finished in October 1978 and it is a miracle we had the film released three months later. Superman instead takes the advice of Jonathan Kent. taking advantage of the perfectly cast Reeve to craft a loving. I have sent them you.[8] Shuster was "delighted to see Superman on the screen. Clark travels into the wilderness to find out who he is and what he has to do. "I never lie. based on 12 reviews.22 million worldwide. This same theme is pursued about '40s superheroes generally in Disguised as Clark Kent: Jews. Metacritic collected an average score of 88. though his conscious model was Cary Grant's character in Bringing up Baby. 94% of reviewers enjoyed Superman. spent $7 million to market and promote the film. Roger Ebert gave a largely positive review.. Another vision was that of The Creation of Adam. Kal-El comes to Jonathan and Martha Kent. But always hold in your heart the pride of your special heritage. living under his secret identity as Clark Kent.[12] Superman opened on December 15. joking "I got enough death threats because of that.[2] The Christian imagery in the Reeve films has provoked comment on the Jewish origins of Superman.[34] [35] [36] [37] Superman creators Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster gave a positive reaction.[3] It was the second highest grossing movie of 1978 only to be kept off by Grease. resurrection and his battle with evil.[29] [30] In the scene where Lois Lane interviews Superman on the balcony.[5]  121  Release Superman was originally scheduled to be released in June 1978. Culture and Values Shaped the Comic Book Superhero. my only son. and the Creation of the Superhero by Danny Fingeroth. They can be a great people. They only lack a light to show the way. But at some point."[32] By comparison. grossing $134. More were seen when Donner was able to complete Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut. Martha Kent states. is "telling the biggest lie of all time."[22] Donner. their capacity for good.
100 Cheers. Reeve. It's exactly what comic book fans hoped it would be.[15] Superman was successful at the 32nd British Academy Film Awards. that's fine. Williams was given a nomination at  the 36th Golden Globe Awards and won a Grammy Award. As a result. worst when it takes the easy way out in giggly camp. but it's one of the most wonderfully entertaining flawed movies made during the 1970s. Perhaps most heartening of all. and was re-shot with Brandon Routh for Superman Returns. As long as he has nothing to say as the producer. Kidder was only given a cameo appearance for Superman III.[54] Jack O'Halloran. John Williams and the visual effects department received awards. Empire named it the #174 greatest movie all-time on its list of 500. the Visual Effects Society listed Superman as the 44th most influential use of visual effects of all time."[41] Harry Knowles is a longtime fan of the film. Music (Original Score) and Sound). Barry. but was critical of elements that didn't represent the Superman stories as seen in the comics. Ilya and Alexander Salkind and Pierre Spengler did not ask Donner to return because Donner had criticized them during the movie's publicity phase. then they need to go out and find another director..[46] In addition. Donner publicly expressed disgust that production designer John Barry and cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth had not been recognized. This is the definitive corporate film." Kidder. Barry and the sound designers earned nominations. Superman III (1983) and Superman IV: The Quest for Peace (1987). Donner. This is certainly the view of Superman producer Ilya Salkind and some who have interviewed him.[42] Dave Kehr felt "the tone. but didn't make it past the ballot. It is best when it takes itself seriously. Superman was selected as the 26th greatest movie hero of all time. who portrayed Lois Lane.[44] The film won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation..[40] James Berardinelli believed "there's no doubt that it's a flawed movie. it sure as shit ain't gonna be me. is the message at the end of the credits announcing the impending arrival of Superman II.[47] [48] In 2007.[56] Other observers of film history tend to credit the resurgence of science fiction films simply to the Lucas and Spielberg productions."[55] Two more films.[51] The film was considered for AFI's 100 Years. it was immediately decided to finish Superman II. Unsworth. Hackman plays the arch-villain like a hairdresser left over from a TV skit.[53]  With the success of the film.[45] At The Saturn Awards Kidder. Valerie Perrine and costume designer Yvonne Blake were nominated for their work as well.[57] Ilya Salkind denies any connection  . which features Superman flying high above the Earth at sunrise. Entertainment Weekly ranked Superman 3rd on their list of The All-Time Coolest Heroes in Pop Culture. some observers credit the three films collectively for launching the reemergence of a large market for science fiction films in the 1980s.[5] Donner commented in January 1979. who portrayed Non. and point of view change almost from shot to shot. featured at the end of every Superman film starring Reeve.[5] [10] as well as of film production assistant Brad Lohan. stated. "I'd work with Spengler again.[50] The film also received recognition from the American Film Institute. were produced. and not a main supporting role. but only on my terms. If they [17] don't want it on those terms. and even used restored footage of Brando as Jor-El. and breaking the fourth wall to smile briefly at the camera. The film's final sequence. When Lex Luthor enters the action.Superman (film) film on his 10 best list of 1978.[49] In 2008. "It was great to work with Donner. however.[39] He would later go on to place it on his "Great Movies" list. Richard Lester was as big an asshole as the Salkinds. Because Superman went into production prior to Star Wars (May 1977) and Close Encounters of the Third Kind (November 1977). Superman Returns was released in 2006. and is just liaison between Alexander Salkind and his money. Superman II: [23] The Richard Donner Cut also was released in 2006. Hackman.[22] and also criticized the Salkinds during publicity. style. and received a Special Achievement Award for its visual effects."[43]  122  Legacy Superman was nominated for three Academy Awards (Editing. Director Bryan Singer credited Superman: The Movie as an influence for Superman Returns. and see Superman as the first of the new cycle of films launched by the first two. and the film won Best Science Fiction Film.[52] In 2009. Reeve won Best Newcomer. was dissatisfied by the producers' decision. while Hackman.
The release included making-of documentaries directed by Thau and eight minutes of restored footage. theatrical version.[72] On the first night it premiered. "I worked on Ladyhawke and that's how I met Donner and Tom Mankiewicz. the film stopped when Lois Lane was falling from the helicopter (the picture froze. was shown internationally on television. The first network American television broadcast of Superman: The Movie occurred in February 1982 on ABC. it was their intention to prepare a television cut longer than what was released theatrically. working slightly over a year on the project.[75] only this time. "There were a few shots where the Superman costume looked green. The special edition cut is designed for the best viewing experience in the true spirit of movie making. for the aforementioned reasons. Texas. and specially prepared so that networks and stations can re-edit their own version at their discretion. Donner and Stuart would tell about Superman and that's how I kind of got the ideas for the plots of Taking Flight and Making Superman. with a majority of the unused footage. The so-called "Salkind International Extended Cut". At the time. bringing the color back to where it should be."[62] Thau wanted to make the film shorter. a four-disc special edition was released.[63] In November 2006. This included timing problems with John William's musical score.[61] Donner commented.[5]  123  Beyond theatrical release The Salkinds prepared a three-hour-plus version for worldwide television reincorporating some 45 minutes of footage and music deleted from the theatrical cut. California and Washington.' It really was completely independent .[66] Also available (with other films) is the nine disc "Christopher Reeve Superman Collection"[67] and the 14 disc "Superman Ultimate Collector's Edition"."[58] There was a special test screening of the Special Edition in 2001 in Austin. shown in one night. Donner protested and the stuff stayed in. 'Close Encounters' did not know about 'Superman. We went in and cleaned that up. 8 minutes. Warner Home Video released the special edition on DVD. American Broadcasting Company aired the broadcast television debut of Superman in 1982. "I wanted to take out the damn flying sequence where Lois is reciting a poem ["Can You Read My Mind"] when they're flying around. which ended up running 3 hours.[4] When Michael Thau and Warner Home Video started working on a film restoration in 2000. in addition to what had been previously reinstated. in their contract with ABC."[61] It was followed by a box set release in the same month. ABC had a contract with Alexander Salkind for the television rights to his films. although it was a decade before the comparable success of the Batman series and two decades before that of X-Men and Spider-Man. in the 1990s included two additional scenes never seen before. It was like a two minute car chase.[60] Director Donner also assisted. and it is from this cut that later domestic TV versions were derived.[76] The next two ABC showings after that were the original. Superman III and Superman IV: The Quest for Peace. creating a cliffhanger-type of ending for part one[73] ). The principal sponsor for the telecasts was Atari.[59] In May 2001. which did not occur.[61]  Thau explained. there was naturally a recap before the film continued.nobody knew anything about anybody. Apparently.[74] This expanded version was repeated in November of the same year."[10] Superman also established the superhero film genre as viable outside the world of Saturday matinee serials. on March 23 with plans for a possible wider theatrical release later that year. The cut of the movie shown on TV was put together to make the movie longer when shown on TV because ABC paid per minute to air the movie. stating that "I did not know about 'Star Wars'. The next evening. containing "bare bones" editions of Superman II. D. A syndicated version of the film aired in local television stations in Los Angeles.Superman (film) between Superman—which began filming in March 1977—and the other films. the Salkinds were able to get money for every minute of footage [70] [69]  . some of the extra footage was not added because of poor visual effects. I also wanted to take out where it was just generic action. Thau felt "the pace of the film's storyline would be adversely affected.[68] Broadcast television version details When the rights to the first Superman film reverted to the Salkinds in 1981.C.[64] followed by a HD DVD release[65] and Blu-ray. I used to hear those wonderful stories in the cutting room that Tom. ABC's 3 hour-2 minute cut[71] of Superman was originally broadcasted over the course of two nights. 'Star Wars' did not know about 'Superman'.
aired the "Salkind International Extended Cut" on Saturday. Also in the ABC version. where Lex had dropped her in. offered the aforementioned "Salkind International Extended Cut" (a 3-hour.m. due to a clause in his contract. The quality of the extended network TV version is inferior to any theatrical or current home video release because it was mastered in 16mm (using the "film chain system") and a mono sound mix done as by the time the extended cut was prepared in 1981. heard in the original film in the minutes before the death of Glenn Ford's character. to 11:30 p. to 2:00 a.m. and is frozen in ice. 1983 on ITV. There are various extended TV versions each broadcast in various countries. However. Ireland's RTE television aired the extended versions of Superman: The Movie and Superman II in one night. some 40 minutes of footage were reinstated for the initial ABC-TV telecasts of the film.Superman (film) shown on TV. Only in the ABC version are young Lois Lane and her father seen in the train. • The little girl who sees the teenage Clark Kent running faster than the train is revealed to be Lois Lane. When Superman: The Movie entered the syndication[79] market in 1988 (following a play-out run on pay cable[80] [81] ) TV stations were offered the extended cut or the theatrical cut. Also as previously mentioned. which was shown in Los Angeles on KCOP. a fact revealed when her parents talk to her by name. prepared by the Salkinds. and from which the ABC version was derived). 1994. WJLA Channel 7. TV was not yet broadcasting in stereo. they crammed in as much footage as possible for the TV networks in order to maximize their revenues. although they  124  . D. In May 1994 (following a pay cable reissue and obligatory run on USA Network). • After Superman saves Lois at the end and flies off. • Nearly all of John Williams' score is restored (some of which was dialed out of the theatrical cut). • When Superman is trying to get to Lex Luthor's underground hideout. The films ran from roughly 3:00 until 9:00 including the odd commercial and a break for the 6:00 news. Part one aired from 9:30 p. when movies were not letterboxed to preserve the theatrical aspect ratio on old TVs. at least one noticeable removal occurred: the recording of "Rock Around the Clock" by Bill Haley & His Comets. before breaking for 30 minutes of news. • Lex Luthor plays the piano in several scenes. Part two was then aired from 12:00 a. Most of these are in pan and scan. Donner's name remains in the credits. However. he is subjected to machine gun fire. The extended version of Superman: The Movie has never been broadcast in England. For example. During production of the film. he's seen rescuing Eve Tesmacher from the lions' den. Otis' walk down the street is longer. an ABC affiliate out of Washington. So as a result. In 1985. Director Richard Donner was not consulted[77] on any of the extended versions. CBS aired the film one last time on network television in its theatrical version. July 27. in the scene where Superman's powers are stripped away by the molecule chamber in the Fortress of Solitude. Alexander and Ilya had been relegated to having to sell more and more of their rights back to Warner Bros.[78] Among the highlighted moments: • A subplot of an Executioner (a Kryptonian security officer) being sent by the council to hunt down and capture Jor-El (while the beginning of the scene is shown in the 2000 director's cut restoration. is replaced with a generic piece of instrumental music in the ABC cut. 8-minute version.m. The stations that showed the extended cut[82] edited the second half to squeeze in commercials and 'What happened yesterday flashbacks'.[83] [84] This version also surfaced outside of Los Angeles. A tiny fraction of this footage was used in the theatrical version Superman II (directed by Richard Lester). a giant blow torch. the "payoff" [with him getting killed] is not in the latter version).C. in 1985. The first showing of the theatrical version on UK-TV appeared on January 4. This revelation scene is not present in the shorter theatrical release. Warner Bros. in exchange for financial help. Eight of the 45 minutes of extended scenes that were used in the later 2000 director's cut restoration were taken from restored elements. None of the various extended versions have ever been made available officially on home video/DVD.m. When the rights reverted back to Warner Bros. as they were made in the 1980s.
[14] Daniel Dickholtz (1998-12-16). "Super . [29] Michael Elkin (2006-07-06).com. "Superman: The Movie". . php?topic=interview-salkind-SE). ISBN 0786881283.  . 2010. . "Bright Lights Film Journal :: The Superman Films of Richard Lester" (http:/ / www. supermanhomepage. Pierre Spengler. nsf/ mndwebpages/ superman is jewish_1000359). . Filament Publishing. Warner Home Video [24] Peter Coutros (June 1977). html).com. dll/ article?AID=/ 19781215/ REVIEWS/ 41011001/ 1023). com/ apps/ pbcs. IMDb. 2010. com/ movies/ movies. . Warner Home Video [9] Steve Younis (2004-11-17). [16] [2001 introduction to Turner Classic Movies broadcast of Superman by Robert Osbourne. Tom Mankiewicz. Retrieved May 22. "Chapter 25". Retrieved May 22. "Clark Kent Uses Our Lobby for a Phone Booth". "Young Actor to Play in Super Role". A. brightlightsfilm. [22] Making Superman: Filming The Legend. com/ movies/ movies. 26—36. com/ apps/ pbcs. . Tom Mankiewicz. Retrieved May 22. com/ film/ titles/ supermanthemovie?q=Superman).com. film. [19] The Making of Superman: The Movie (television Special). 2001. Up in the Sky: The Amazing Story of Superman. 135–142. "B. [21] "AOL Online Chat with Christopher Reeve" (http:/ / www. [13] Peter Manso (November 1995). TCM] [17] Don Shay (Summer 1979). Pierre Spengler. Starburst: pp. Taking Flight: The Development of Superman. [33] "Superman: The Movie (1978): Reviews" (http:/ / www. Superman Homepage. 67—71. 2006. 2006. "Special Edition Superman DVDs on the Way" (http:/ / www. Films101. Man of Two Worlds: My Life In Science Fiction and Comics. [5] Ilya Salkind. 1978. Starlog: pp. 2001. films101. New York City: HarperCollins. [26] Richard Fyrbourne (January 1979).com. Retrieved September 1. Christopher Reeve.. The Jewish Exponent. . 34—41. "How Superman flies". ISBN 0-380-81051-4. [27] The Magic Behind The Cape. . 2010. 40—44. "Exclusive Jeff East Interview" (http:/ / www. Mensch?" (http:/ / www. Retrieved September 1. Warner Home Video [28] Nicholas Leahy (April 1982). html). 2001. Retrieved May 22. "Richard Donner on Superman". New York Daily News. [15] David Hughes (2003). pp.org. David Prowse. dll/ article?AID=/ 20041215/ COMMENTARY/ 41215001/ 1023). "Marketing The Man of Steel". Film.Superman (film) have been widely bootlegged. [30] "Clark Kent . Virgin Books. [25] The Making of Superman the Movie. "One-on-One Interview with Producer Ilya Salkind" (http:/ / www. Tom Mankiewicz. 5–23. Straight from the Force's Mouth. supermanhomepage. Retrieved 2008-11-01. Roger Ebert. . [4] Barry Freiman (January 2006). com/ movies/ ?id=superman.. Film Export. 2008. Box Office Mojo. Retrieved 2008-09-01. contactmusic. filmsite. . 2001. . [20] David Prowse (June 2005). Daily News. Warner Home Video [23] Look. Superman Homepage. DVD audio commentary. suntimes. [35] "The 10 Best Movies of 1978" (http:/ / www. supermanhomepage. 2008. "The Way It's Never Been Done Before". [12] Ivor Davis (December 1978). [37] "Most Popular Feature Films Released in 1978" (http:/ / www. [34] "The Greatest Films of 1978" (http:/ / www. com/ movies/ movies. New York:Warner Books. [38] "Superman" (http:/ / rogerebert. Brightlightsfilm. "Superman to the Rescue". com/ new/ xmlfeed. htm). Warner Home Video [7] Lynn Stalmaster. Superman: Screen Tests. Roger Ebert. php?topic=interview-salkind). Rotten Tomatoes. ISBN 978-0954653163. "Steel Dreams: Interview with Tom Mankiewicz". [36] "The Best Movies of 1978 by Rank" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-11-01. 2006. Metacritic. supermanhomepage. Thomsen (2000). com/ article/ 10036). Warner Home Video [6] Richard Donner. .O. com/ y1978r. [10] Barry Freiman (February 2006). com/ features/ story/ 10-best-movies-of-1978/ 14955431). Filmsite. 2001-05-01. [2] Richard Donner. 2006-06-20. Lynn Stalmaster. [18] Peter Coutros (1977-02-24). . . Maclean's: pp.  125  References [1] Peter Tonguette. Brando the Biography. Retrieved 2010-06-17. Retrieved 2008-09-01. php?topic=interview-jeff-east). htm).". David Michael Petrou. Warner Home Video [3] Jack Kroll (1979-01-01). [32] "Superman: The Movie (1978)" (http:/ / www. 16—19. Superman Homepage. Newsweek: pp. [31] "Superman (1978)" (http:/ / boxofficemojo.G. imdb. [11] Julius Schwartz. Comic Book Movies. Retrieved 2008-09-09. "The Man Behind Superman: Richard Donner". 2010. Superman Homepage.Superman is 'Jewish'" (http:/ / www. [39] "Ebert's 10 Best Lists: 1967-present" (http:/ / rogerebert. com/ m/ superman_the_movie/ ). Retrieved 2008-09-04. Retrieved 2008-09-10. ISBN 0753507676. Retrieved May 22. com/ year/ 1978). . com/ movies/ movies. org/ 1978. Warner Home Video [8] Richard Donner. Retrieved 2008-09-08. Brian M. rottentomatoes. Cinefantastique: pp. Ilya Salkind. Hyperion. php?topic=interview-aol-chrisreeve1). Marc McClure. DVD audio commentary. Contact Music. metacritic. pp. Starlog: pp. Margot Kidder. . 22—26. jewishexponent. suntimes. 2001. 1980. You Will Believe: The Cinematic Saga of Superman. . com/ 36/ lester1. 2010.
archive. 2007-05-10. . Retrieved 2008-09-10. Retrieved 2008-01-06. Superman Homepage. com/ movies/ movies. Retrieved 2008-09-07. php?topic=interview-richard-donner).ABC airs part 1 of 'Superman The Movie' with footage not seen in theatres" (http:/ / www. 9780240811628. com/ news/ 2001-news/ 2001-news-movie. com/ movies/ movies. . com/ dp/ B000059Z8J). com/ siiweb/ sii behind-the-scenes/ SMT_165. com/ documents/ ves50revelfin. Retrieved 2010-11-30.ABC airs part 2 of 'Superman The Movie' with footage not seen in theatres" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-01-06. visualeffectssociety. supermanii.. com/ movies/ movies. Internet Movie Database. [51] "AFI's 100 Years. Retrieved 2008-01-06. Roger (November 4. cgi?id=13404). visualeffectssociety. [50] "The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time" (http:/ / www.m. supermanhomepage. supermanhomepage. Amazon. php?identifier=736). James Berardinelli. com/ dp/ B000IJ79UW). [45] "The 1979 Hugo Awards" (http:/ / imdb. "Superman" (http:/ / onfilm. Internet Movie Database. . [41] "Superman" (http:/ / www.20268279_18. com/ newwebsite/ pages/ si-ii. com/ dp/ B000059Z8L). . [71] "Superman: The Movie ran 2 hr 43 min in its original theatrical version. "Exclusive Richard Donner Interview" (http:/ / www. supermanhomepage. intl=us) The first U. Focal Press. Retrieved 2008-09-01. Retrieved May 22. [59] Jim Bowers (2001-03-29). Internet Movie Database. Amazon. com/ apps/ pbcs. pdf?docID=201). Supermanii. 2008. suntimes. Supermanhomepage. pdf) on June 25.00. . Retrieved May 22. 9:00-11:00 p. com/ movies/ movies.com.com. com/ Sections/ Awards/ Golden_Globes_USA/ 1979). html). "Exclusive Jack O'Halloran Interview" (http:/ / www. ew. Amazon. [53] "Entertainment Weekly's 20 All-Time Coolest Heroes in Pop Culture" (http:/ / www. . . pdf) (PDF). 100 Cheers Official Ballot" (http:/ / connect.com. Retrieved 2008-09-07. 2010. Superman Homepage. . com/ 500/ 63. "One-on-One with Margot Kidder" (http:/ / www. . [68] "Superman Ultimate Collector's Edition" (http:/ / www. [52] "AFI's 100 Years. com/ movies/ capsules/ 11755_SUPERMAN). supermanhomepage.. Retrieved 2008-09-01. "Interview with Michael Thau" (http:/ / www. reelviews. [66] "Superman: The Movie (Blu-ray)" (http:/ / www. Amazon. Retrieved 2008-09-04. afi. Empire. supermanhomepage. "Harry talks with JJ Abrams for a Couple of Hours about Superman" (http:/ / www. Ain't It Cool News. Retrieved 2008-09-07.com. 2010). Superman Homepage. 11/ search/ cache?ei=UTF-8& p=KCOP+ Superman& fr=yfp-t-501& u=www. xviii. . ISBN 0240811623. 218. Judith Salavetz (2009). amazon. Entertainment Buff. Superman Homepage. [49] "The Visual Effects Society Unveils 50 Most Influential Visual Effects Films of All Time" (http:/ / web. com/ Sections/ Awards/ Hugo_Awards/ 1979).. Superman Homepage. aintitcool. [63] "The Complete Superman Collection" (http:/ / www. 2010. . com/ movies/ movies. php?topic=interview-expo-kidder). . Retrieved 2010-11-30. Entertainment Weekly. [70] "Monday. [55] Steve Younis (2001-10-25). [72] (http:/ / 66. php?topic=m-movie1). amazon. php?topic=2001-news-movie/ 0329). rogerebert. Retrieved 2008-09-07. org/ web/ 20080625175321/ http:/ / www. capedwonder. . com/ ew/ gallery/ 0. asp). while KCOP in Los Angeles expanded it further to 3 hrs 8 min in 1994" (http:/ / www. empireonline. php?topic=interview-michael-thau2). Retrieved 2008-01-06. supermanhomepage. . html). [47] "The 1979 Golden Globe Awards" (http:/ / imdb. pdf?docID=246). [56] Brad Lohan. . php?topic=interview-michael-thau1).. com/ dp/ B000K4X5XA). [48] "The 1980 Grammy Awards" (http:/ / imdb. net/ php_review_template. February 7th. [60] "Superman: The Movie (1978)" (http:/ / www.m. Retrieved 2008-09-01. Retrieved 26 January 2011. entertainmentbuff. . [54] Barry Freiman (2005-02-08). "Great Movies: Superman" (http:/ / rogerebert. . Retrieved 2008-09-07. . Amazon. . . amazon. amazon. . [64] "Superman: The Movie (4-disc special edition)" (http:/ / www. amazon. Superman Homepage.com. Archived from the original (http:/ / www. Spencer. htm& w=kcop+ superman& d=c1f7NfH_Qc_H& icp=1& .S. [67] "The Christopher Reeve Superman Collection" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2009-04-20. [65] "Superman: The Movie (4-disc special edition HD DVD)" (http:/ / www. . 9:00-11:00 p. [58] "Superman "Special Edition" Interview" (http:/ / www. afi. [44] "32nd British Academy Film Awards" (http:/ / imdb. . . supermanhomepage. Retrieved 2008-01-06. 100 Heroes and Villains" (http:/ / connect. supermanii. 2010. Internet Movie Database. [42] Harry Knowles (2002-09-28). com/ Sections/ Awards/ Academy_of_Science_Fiction_Fantasy_And_Horror_Films_USA/ 1979). afi. . Visual Effects Society. Chicago Reader. Retrieved 2008-09-01. . afi. "Superman San Antonio Report" (http:/ / www. p. [46] "The 1979 Saturn Awards" (http:/ / imdb. Retrieved 2008-09-07. Retrieved 2008-09-07. amazon. [57] Drate.. Retrieved 2010-11-06. [61] Barry Freiman (December 2006). amazon. . php?topic=interview-jack-ohalloran). . html).. dll/ article?AID=/ 20101104/ REVIEWS08/ 101109987/ 1004). The ABC-TV/CTV-TV 1982 versions added additional unused footage to expand the movie to 3 hr 3 min. Retrieved 2008-09-09. com/ Sections/ Awards/ BAFTA_Awards/ 1979).com. Retrieved 2008-09-10.. 69. . Supermanii. Amazon. com/ movies/ movies. Internet Movie Database.Superman (film) [40] Ebert. Retrieved 2008-09-07. VFX Artistry: A Visual Tour of How the Studios Create Their Magic. com/ dp/ B000IJ79VQ). [43] Dave Kehr. Amazon. com/ dp/ B000J10ERE). com/ culture/ what-if-star-wars-had-never-been-made/ ). "What If “ Star Wars” Had Never Been Made?" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2010-11-30. com/ site/ DocServer/ handv100. com/ Sections/ Awards/ Grammy_Awards/ 1980). February 8th. chicagoreader. Retrieved 2008-09-29. com/ dp/ B000I2JKEC). . com/ documents/ ves50revelfin. Retrieved May 22. com/ site/ DocServer/ cheers300. com/ display. telecast of the extended version of Superman came on  126  . [69] "Sunday. For the video release the film was edited to 2 hr 23 min and condensed at high speed to fit a 2 hr cassette. com/ siiweb/ sii behind-the-scenes/ SMT_168. . [62] Steve Younis (2001-03-27).
. and other secondary moments. an added moment between Superman and Jimmy Olsen. followed by the movie’s continuation. This would be the last time ABC would telecast the extended version of the film. htm& w=kcop+ superman& d=c1f7NfH_Qc_H& icp=1& . felt deserved a much better video presentation. this time in a four-hour time slot during Thanksgiving weekend. at numbers 2 and 1. as they truly began to paint a larger tapestry of Superman’s first cinematic adventure. 69. . 69.. Monday. quality. Retrieved 2010-11-30. 1982. 218. com/ siiweb/ sii behind-the-scenes/ SMT_194. November 14th.only the final title card "Next Year: Superman II" was removed from the televised broadcast. Star Wars.m. The film once again contained nearly all of the same edits and inclusions.m. In order to market the film to television stations around the world. an extended version of the missile hijacking. Fans rejoiced at seeing these additional scenes for the first time. Retrieved 2010-11-30. Sunday. with additional scenes involving a longer discussion between Jor-El and the Kryptonian Council on the Phantom Zone. 69. a quick recap of events narrated by the late Ernie Anderson (who also narrated the documentaries The Making of Superman: The Movie and The Making of Superman II). htm& w=kcop+ superman& d=c1f7NfH_Qc_H& icp=1& .m. October 16th.11:30 p.com. Supermanii. additional moments extending the destruction of the planet Krypton. com/ siiweb/ sii behind-the-scenes/ SMT_166. Whereas Richard Donner had complete directorial control in editing the film for theatrical release. October 20th. and presentation.m. with the movie stopping in mid-action and the words "To Be Continued" superimposed onto the screen.com. along with a slightly edited version of the end credits .. February 8th. intl=us) The second U. the Salkinds had control of the film for international distribution and television marketing. additional moments involving the military’s reaction to the missiles’ trajectory malfunction. portions of the missile hijacking sequence and Clark Kent at the Daily Planet. additional moments with Clark and Lois at the Daily Planet and Metropolis. supermanii. . a significant improvement from the original VHS release at 127 minutes. an additional moment involving Otis and Miss Teschmacher discussing Superman’s background. [79] "Monday. html). Among the films HBO provided alternate full-frame presentations during the 1980s were Superman: The Movie. Episode IV: A New Hope. supermanii. October 12th. additional clips of Superman during his first night in Metropolis.m. [78] (http:/ / 66. capedwonder. Supermanii. com/ newwebsite/ pages/ si-ii. The added footage brought the running time of the film to 188 minutes. October 25th.ABC airs '''part 2''' of 'Superman The Movie' with footage not seen in theatres" (http:/ / www.m.m. Retrieved 2010-11-30. May 14th. [77] (http:/ / 66. among others. Among the moments missing from the film were the complete version of Superman and Lois’ night flight. Saturday. The running time of the ABC telecast came to 182 minutes. the Salkinds re-edited the film with approximately 45 minutes of additional footage not released in theaters. the Council dispatching a security officer to investigate a series of power drains from Jor-El’s quarters. there were some minor nips and tucks along the way. (HBO would occasionally present their own full-frame versions of films that were different in panning and scanning as opposed to their home video counterparts. capedwonder.ABC re-airs 'Superman The Movie' with footage not seen in theatres" (http:/ / www. Thursday. 69. and Miss Teschmacher. as all subsequent showings of Superman would be relegated to the original theatrical version in a three-hour time slot. intl=us) Home Box Office would soon come to the rescue. producers Alexander and Ilya Salkind took it upon themselves to prepare the film for its eventual television broadcast.m-2:00 a. Otis.S.. 8:00-11:45 p. several added moments of Superman counteracting the West Coast peril. an extended version of the building of the Fortress of Solitude and Clark’s interaction with the spirit of Jor-El. .7:00-9:30 p. capedwonder. an extended introduction to Lex Luthor. extended dialog between Superman and Miss Teschmacher. com/ siiweb/ sii behind-the-scenes/ SMT_174. [80] (http:/ / www.. Supermanii. [81] (http:/ / 66. The second part began with a brief reprise of the main title credits. html). Both parts of the extended telecast of Superman garnered very high and very successful Nielsen ratings for the month. Retrieved 2010-11-30. with the only exceptions of the helicopter sequence shown in its entirety and a commercial break following Superman’s rescue of Air Force One. 9:00-11:00 p. and Superman rescuing Miss Teschmacher from Luthor’s "babies". and while it provided viewers with a better product in terms of presentation. an added scene of Superman intercepting one of the missiles. Elmo’s Fire. and this would mark the first time since the film’s 1978 theatrical release that fans would be able to view the film in as complete a format as possible. com/ siiweb/ sii behind-the-scenes/ SMT_157. intl=us) Many additional moments fleshed out the story even further. 218. 218. The first part ended on a cliffhanger note during the helicopter sequence.m. when ABC broadcast Superman as a two-part movie event during its "sweeps" month. A brief preview of the following night’s conclusion was shown. . Wednesday.. 11/ search/ cache?ei=UTF-8& p=KCOP+ Superman& fr=yfp-t-501& u=www.7:30-10:00 p. intl=us) As the film and its sequels enjoyed its popularity in the early 1980’s. [74] "Monday. additional scenes involving the teenaged Clark Kent in Smallville. html). to fit the second half of the film into a 2-hour time slot. the longest known version of the film to be assembled and shown to audiences around the world.. an additional clip involving Jonathan and Martha Kent discovering the infant Kal-El. html). minus commercials. 11/ search/ cache?ei=UTF-8& p=KCOP+ Superman& fr=yfp-t-501& u=www. Superman searching for Luthor and running the gauntlet of doom. [73] "Sunday. com/ newwebsite/ pages/ si-ii. in order to provide viewers with a vastly improved product in terms of picture content. 11/ search/ cache?ei=UTF-8& p=KCOP+ Superman& fr=yfp-t-501& u=www. February 7th. com/ newwebsite/ pages/ si-ii. added dialog between Lois and Jimmy toward the end of the film. Supergirl and St. October 29th. [76] (http:/ / 66.. supermanii.WPIX New York airs the theatrical version of 'Superman The Movie'" (http:/ / www. html) HBO premieres the theatrical version of 'Superman The Movie'. 9:00-11:00 p. The HBO telecast version of Superman would be repeated twice more in 1981.com. com/ newwebsite/ pages/ si-ii. respectively. com/ siiweb/ sii behind-the-scenes/ SMT_169. parts of the dialog between Luthor and Miss Teschmacher discussing Superman’s first appearance in Metropolis. and the film was re-edited without Donner’s approval. htm& w=kcop+ superman& d=c1f7NfH_Qc_H& icp=1& . telecast of the extended version of Superman came in November 1982.com. 218. htm& w=kcop+ superman& d=c1f7NfH_Qc_H& icp=1& . a brief cameo appearance from Richard Donner. supermanii. supermanii. which they. [75] "Sunday.m.Superman (film) February 7 and 8.9:00-11:30 p.3:30-6:00 p.ABC airs '''part 1''' of 'Superman The Movie' with footage not seen in theatres" (http:/ / www. along with some fans. In October 1980 HBO showcased the first telecast of Superman..) The running time on this version of Superman was 142 minutes. Supermanii. capedwonder. 7:00-10:00 p. 11/ search/ cache?ei=UTF-8& p=KCOP+ Superman& fr=yfp-t-501& u=www. It was during the second part’s telecast that some moments from the film were edited for time constraints. and it has not since been shown  127  .
KCOP-TV in Los Angeles. and in some instances a number of the extended sequences had also been removed. including the trimmed nude footage and the profanity. (This cue remains unreleased to date in an official capacity.shtml) • Arn Saba (1978-12-16). 218. television stations could be free to edit the film as they saw fit or broadcast it either over 2 nights or in a 4-hour time slot. When removing all of the commercial breaks from both of the telecasts. shtml)  .co. and Miss Teschmacher during the missile hijacking.co. supermanii. followed by an alternate introduction of Lois’ interview with the Indian chief.] [83] "Tuesday. 69.) Another scene extension that makes its first appearance in the KCOP telecast is a discussion between the Army general and a senator about the cost of the XK-101 project. This led into the continuation of the helicopter sequence. and the recap from the beginning of the second part.Superman (film) in this version to this date. Viewers were also treated to additional footage between Lex Luthor and Otis. All of the footage that had been excised from the ABC telecasts and the 1990 syndicated TV broadcast.com) • Vintage Christopher Reeve interview (http://www. 8:00-11:00 p. The second part. capedwonder. suffered the most edits. followed by the end credits shown during the first part. It was this telecast that became a highly sought collectible by fans.supermancinema. But the most significant footage did not occur until halfway through the broadcast.co. with the first part edited and shown very much like the 1982 ABC telecast and ending in the same cliffhanger moment during the helicopter sequence.shtml) • Behind-the-scenes photos (http://www.supermancinema. but it was not until KCOP-TV had acquired the broadcast rights to the film that viewers would see for themselves just how much had been missing from the film and its previous extended TV broadcasts. European and Australian markets screened the complete 188-minute Salkind international version regularly. 218. com/ newwebsite/ pages/ si-ii. Fans wondered if the complete extended version of Superman would ever be seen in the United States. the new sequence added significant emotional depth to Superman’s character. was preserved in the film. along with the failed theatrical spin-off Supergirl and the successful syndicated series The Adventures of Superboy. the film ran approximately 160 minutes long. [84] (http:/ / 66. One of the most widely seen syndicated versions of the film had been as a two-part telecast.capedwonder.uk/superman1/general/media/video/ index. htm& w=kcop+ superman& d=c1f7NfH_Qc_H& icp=1& . in order to keep the second part within a two-hour format. Otis. 11/ search/ cache?ei=UTF-8& p=KCOP+ Superman& fr=yfp-t-501& u=www. followed by the remainder of the film in a very heavily edited form. By this time three more theatrical sequels had been released.supermancinema.uk/superman1/general/media/ global_and_mail/index.KCOP L. Following Superman’s rescue of Air Force One. intl=us) By 1990. 69. [82] (http:/ / 66.asp). htm& w=kcop+ superman& d=c1f7NfH_Qc_H& icp=1& .com/superman/home. This sequence is of importance because it uses as an underscore an alternate version of "Misguided Missiles" that omits the Love Theme motif from the track. November 22nd. . beginning in 1982. It is also unknown as of this writing if anyone managed to record this version of Superman.co.superman-movie. com/ newwebsite/ pages/ si-ii." 128  External links • Superman Movie (http://www.html) • 30th Anniversary of Superman: The Movie at CapedWonder. 11/ search/ cache?ei=UTF-8& p=KCOP+ Superman& fr=yfp-t-501& u=www. continuing to this day.warnerbros.m.com. marking the first time that the complete extended version of the film had been shown on television in the United States. com/ siiweb/ sii behind-the-scenes/ SMT_191.shtml) • Mad Magazine Spoof (http://www.supermancinema.A. "Kidder on Kidder" (http://www.supermancinema. Foreign markets had been showing the Salkind international cut for years prior to 1994.. Meanwhile.shtml). intl=us) It would not be until 1994 that American audiences first saw the complete extended version of the film. With the extended version of Superman now in local hands. as well as a large amount of footage focusing on comic moments between Luthor.co. again produced (with the exception of Superman IV: The Quest for Peace) by the Salkinds.uk/superman1/the_production/ behind_the_scenes/index. This scene marked the only on-screen dialog between actors Christopher Reeve and Marlon Brando in the film (though the two had filmed other scenes for Superman II).uk/superman1/ general/media/starburst_issue7-special-effects. • The 2001 DVD (http://www. Supermanii. capedwonder. ran the Salkind international version of Superman on its network. "Superman-The Effects" (http://www. More of the footage from the original theatrical version had been removed in favor of the majority of the extended sequences.uk/superman1/general/media/mad_parody/index.supermancinema. as the film began with a 20-minute recap of moments from the first part. the extended version of Superman had entered into domestic television syndication. This marked the first time that the complete extended version of Superman was shown on television. The scene was trimmed from the ABC telecast due to the presence of profanity in the scene: "$280 million spent on this project. Starburst: pp. airs the theatrical version of 'Superman The Movie'" (http:/ / www. however.com. Retrieved 2010-11-30. Weekend Magazine. • Jonathan Bristol (March 1979). (http://www. at the time a syndicated television station. and not a (profanity deleted) thing we can do about it. the film showed a new scene of Superman conversing with the spirit of his father Jor-El in the Fortress of Solitude. html).co. Another sequence that first appeared in the KCOP telecast was a re-edited version of Jimmy Olsen at Hoover Dam. 21—28.com/) • Official website (http://http://www2.uk/superman1/general/dvd/index. Using music lifted from the cue "Destruction of Krypton" from the original soundtrack.
imdb.rottentomatoes.uk/superman1/general/soundtrack/articles/ complete_soundtrack_article/index.shtml).supermans-shop.htm) at Box Office Mojo Superman logo evolution from comics.shtml) • Extra footage (http://www. Part 2 (http://www.co.co.html)  129  Film analysis • Soundtrack: Part 1 (http://www. Part 3 (http://www.com/work/66900) at Allmovie Superman: The Movie (http://www. uk/superman1/general/soundtrack/articles/mikem_articles/s1soundtrack_thelovetheme.com/movies/?id=superman.uk/superman1/general/extrafootage/index.series and movies (http://www.co. Part 4 (http:// www.supermancinema.uk/superman1/general/soundtrack/articles/mikem_articles/ s1soundtrack_finalbitsandpieces.shtml).com/m/superman_the_movie/) at Rotten Tomatoes Superman (http://www.supermancinema.co.supermancinema.uk/superman1/general/ soundtrack/articles/mikem_articles/s1soundtrack_themarch.com/title/tt0078346/) at the Internet Movie Database Superman: The Movie (http://www.supermancinema.Superman (film) • • • • • Superman (http://www.supermancinema.co.allmovie.shtml)  .com/ superman-logo-history.boxofficemojo.shtml).
5 million  Studio Distributed by  Release date(s) Running time Country Language Budget  . Greenberg Walter Murch Lisa Fruchtman American Zoetrope United Artists (1979 Theatrical Version) Paramount Pictures (Redux Version) Lionsgate (Blu-ray) Miramax Films (Redux International Version) August 15. 1979 153 minutes United States English $31.Apocalypse Now  130  Apocalypse Now Apocalypse Now  theatrical release poster by Bob Peak Directed by Produced by Screenplay by Francis Ford Coppola Francis Ford Coppola John Milius Francis Ford Coppola Michael Herr (narration) Joseph Conrad (novel) Joe Estevez (uncredited) Martin Sheen Marlon Brando Robert Duvall Laurence Fishburne Dennis Hopper Harrison Ford Frederic Forrest Sam Bottoms Albert Hall Carmine Coppola Francis Ford Coppola  Story by Narrated by Starring  Music by  Cinematography Vittorio Storaro Editing by Richard Marks Gerald B.
After helicopters swoop over the village and demolish all visible signs of resistance. commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore (Robert Duvall) for transport to the Nung River. Willard joins the crew of a Navy Patrol Boat. and Werner Herzog's Aguirre. and EN3 Jay "Chef" Hicks (Frederic Forrest).radio call sign "PBR Street Gang" -. a giant napalm strike in the nearby jungle dramatically marks the climax of  . Willard is ordered to undertake a mission to find Kurtz and terminate the Colonel's command "with extreme prejudice". is sent into the jungle to assassinate the other. Kurtz (Marlon Brando).010 (1979) $83. He initially scoffs at their request for transport until Kilgore. Riverine (PBR) named the "Erebus" -. Willard (Martin Sheen). the film version of Conrad's Lord Jim (which shares the same character of Marlow with Heart of Darkness).471. a deeply troubled. The film won the Palme d'Or at Cannes and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture and the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama. His men advise him that it's "Charlie's point" and heavily fortified. is a member of the boat's crew. famous for its use of Richard Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries". Spradlin) and Colonel Lucas (Harrison Ford). Kilgore launches his attack on the beach.  Plot The film opens. ends with the soldiers surfing the barely-secured beach amidst skirmishes between infantry and VC.511 (2002)  131  Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic war film set during the Vietnam War. Dismissing this concern with the explanation that "Charlie don't surf!". Their claims are supported by very disturbing radio broadcasts and recordings made by Kurtz himself. has gone insane and is commanding a legion of his own Montagnard troops deep inside the forest in neutral Cambodia. He drinks excessively and appears to be having difficulty adjusting to life in the rear-area. The scene. and also draws elements from Michael Herr's Dispatches. The production was also beset by extreme weather that destroyed several expensive sets. GM3 Lance B. Kurtz (Marlon Brando) of Special Forces. GM3 Tyrone Miller (Laurence Fishburne) a. Clean". The film was produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a script by Coppola and John Milius. Two intelligence officers. introducing Captain Benjamin L. a keen surfer. the release date of the film was delayed several times as Coppola struggled to come up with an ending and to edit the millions of feet of footage that he had shot. Kilgore orders his men to saddle up in the morning to capture the town and the beach. Captain Benjamin L. They tell Willard that Kurtz. and later learns from one of his men that the beach down the coast which marks the opening to the river is perfect for surfing. Johnson (Sam Bottoms). Willard and the PBR crew rendezvous with the 7th Air Cavalry. It is 1969. D.k. once considered a model officer and future general. the rogue and presumably insane Colonel Walter E. The plot revolves around two US Army special operations officers. Marlon Brando showed up to the set overweight and Martin Sheen suffered a heart attack. In addition. General Corman (G. The script is based on Joseph Conrad's novella Heart of Darkness. Willard has returned to Saigon from deployment in the field. Riding high above the coast in a fleet of Hueys accompanied by OH-6As. a member of the US Army Special Forces feared to have gone rogue.a. Willard (Martin Sheen) of MACV-SOG.Apocalypse Now Gross revenue $78. the Wrath of God (1972).[1] The film became notorious in the entertainment press due to its lengthy and troubled production. seasoned special operations veteran. and a government man (Jerry Ziesmer) approach him with an assignment: journey up the fictitious Nung River into the remote Cambodian jungle to find Colonel Walter E. one of whom. but from the map there is a Viet Cong-held village at the mouth of the river and Kilgore decides to capture the village.with an eclectic crew composed of: boat commander QMC George "Chief" Phillips (Albert Hall). "Mr. This changes Kilgore's mind about transporting Willard and the PBR to the river. Lt. a professional surfer. Kilgore befriends Johnson.784. as documented in Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse. is told by one of his men that Lance Johnson.
Lance pops open a purple smoke grenade. Later. As they go into the village. "I told you not to stop". The boat moves up river to the American outpost at the Do Long bridge. As the boat departs. The chief. further alienating himself from the PBR's crew. The boat arrives during a North Vietnamese attack on the bridge. as he recalls a battle in which a hill was bombarded with napalm for over twelve hours.. Willard confides in Chef and Lance about his mission. Willard goes ashore with Lance. Willard grapples with Phillips until the man finally dies. you know that gasoline smell. The lighting and mood darken as the boat navigates upstream and Willard's silent obsession with Kurtz deepens. where Kurtz derides him as "an errand boy. Realizing the situation has devolved into chaos. As the woman lies dying. and prompting an attack on the boat. "I love the smell of napalm in the morning. Incidents on the journey include a run-in with a tiger while Willard and Chef search for mangoes. who had a close relationship with Clean. Kurtz lectures him on his theories of war. along with mail for the boat crewmen. and the two surviving crew of the boat reluctantly agree to continue their journey upriver as they are now in Cambodia. they see the coastline is littered with dead bodies. Willard leaves Chef behind with orders to call in an airstrike on the village if he does not return and takes Johnson with him to the village. As the boat continues up the river it comes across the wreckage of a B-52D Stratofortress in Cambodian territory. Willard is brought before Kurtz in the darkened temple. The crew opens fire until the chief is hit by a spear. Willard snaps at Phillips to continue upriver. The next day. sent by grocery clerks to collect a bill". becomes increasingly hostile to Willard. Afterwards. While the crew is busy reading mail. the last U.S. After some time in captivity. Kurtz explains his motives and philosophy in a haunting monologue in which he praises the ruthlessness of the Viet Cong which he witnessed firsthand after one of his own humanitarian missions. Willard also encounters the missing Captain Colby. humanity. Willard attempts to assist the mortally wounded Phillips. which is under constant construction. Willard ends the debate by shooting her. victory". Chef discovers that the barrel contains the woman's pet puppy. The boat continues up river and the crew watches a USO show featuring Playboy Bunnies and a centerfold that degenerates into chaos. there are bodies that are ignored by the villagers. He recalls the incident as leaving him traumatized but also giving him a new and deeper understanding of the complexities of his enemy and the level to which the US would  132  . Willard receives the last piece of the dossier from a lieutenant named Carlson. In response. Initially reluctant to board the boat. Phillips insists on taking the woman to receive medical attention.. who explains that Kurtz's greatness and philosophical skills inspire his people to follow him. the NVA launch an artillery strike that destroys the bridge. calmly stating. who is in a nearly catatonic state. a young woman on the boat makes a sudden movement towards a barrel. Willard is released and given the freedom of the compound. Army outpost on the river. and they make their way through the trenches where they encounter many panicked. Smells like. Willard learns from the information he received at Do Lung that an Army Captain named Colby was sent to find Kurtz a few months prior to Willard's assignment and is now missing. Kurtz walks up to him and drops Chef's severed head into his lap. Chef impatiently searches it.. After arriving at Kurtz' outpost. The chief tries to convince Willard not to continue on with his mission. however. as well as severed heads scattered about the nearby Buddhist temple which serves as Kurtz's living quarters. who has taken LSD. They are met by a manic freelance photographer (Dennis Hopper). leaderless soldiers. who tries to kill Willard by pulling him onto the spear tip protruding from his chest. prompting Clean to open fire and kill nearly everyone on the sampan. catching the attention of an unseen enemy hiding in the trees by the river. The smell. As they draw closer. Clean is killed as he listens to an audio tape from his mother. The scene cuts to Willard bound to a post outside in the pouring rain. Phillips spots a sampan and orders an inspection over the objections of Willard. passing wreckage of a downed Huey helicopter.. Shortly after the Playmate performance. Kilgore exults to Willard.Apocalypse Now the battle. Willard and Lance return to the boat. The scene changes to Chef attempting to call in the airstrike on the village as ordered by Willard. Montagnard villagers begin shooting arrows at the boat as it approaches the camp. and civilization. Upon arrival. knowing that Willard would not leave.
Willard enters Kurtz's chamber as Kurtz is making a recording. a former professional surfer from California who spends the majority of the journey on a drug binge. the journalist is supposed to be a real life photographer who went missing in Vietnam in 1966.  133  Cast • Martin Sheen as Captain Benjamin L." before expiring.. prints of the film. is the only one calm enough to eat during the briefing. and attacks him with a machete. He wears the insignia of the elite 173rd Airborne Brigade. He resents the inward nature of Willard. Despite his rank. • Albert Hall as Chief Quartermaster George Phillips. According to the DVD commentary of Redux. a tightly-wound former chef from New Orleans who is horrified by his surroundings. Coppola stated that Hopper's character is supposed to be the real life journalist Sean Flynn years later. The villagers do so as well. Lying bloody and dying on the ground. Stockton. Willard walks through the now-silent crowd of natives and takes the last surviving crewperson. George Patton IV. 9th Air Cavalry Regiment commander and surfing fanatic. Stranded in Kurtz's camp.  . the closing credits play over footage of Kurtz' temple-base exploding. a highly decorated American Army Special Forces officer who goes renegade. General James F. Willard. Kurtz whispers "The horror. Willard is a veteran officer who has been serving in Vietnam for three years. military intelligence (G-2) an authoritarian officer who fears Kurtz and wants him removed. Takes pictures from a camera that may or may not contain film. • Frederic Forrest as Engineman 3rd Class Jay "Chef" Hicks. Kilgore is a strong leader who loves his men dearly but has methods that appear out-of-tune with the setting of the war. He runs his own operations out of Cambodia and is feared by the US military as much as the Vietnamese. the near-catatonic Lance. Because this was not Coppola's intention. some viewers interpreted this as an air strike called in by Willard. • Sam Bottoms as Gunner's Mate 3rd Class Lance B. and whose only line in the movie is the famous "Terminate with extreme prejudice".. Johnson. • Marlon Brando as Colonel Walter E. • Laurence Fishburne (as "Larry Fishburne") as Gunner's Mate 3rd Class Tyrone "Mr. 1st Squadron. An attempt to re-integrate into home-front society had apparently failed prior to the time at which the movie is set. That night.. • Jerry Ziesmer as a mysterious man in civilian attire who sits in on Willard's initial briefing. Hollingsworth (featured in The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong by Nicholas Tomalin). he often appears nervous and jittery regarding Kurtz and the mission. • G. Kurtz also asks Willard to tell his son everything about him in the event of his death. In some. and it is implied Willard had done missions for MACV-SOG and the CIA.Apocalypse Now have to commit in order to prevail. and so he returned to the war-torn jungles of Vietnam. His character is a composite of several characters including Colonel John B.D. Willard descends the stairs from Kurtz' chamber and drops his weapon. Hopper repeats the harlequin's "the man's enlarged my mind" soliloquy. Spradlin as Lieutenant General Corman. and the two of them sail away as Kurtz's final words echo and the scene fades to black. The chief runs a tight ship and frequently clashes with Willard over authority.. Has a father-son relationship with Clean. Clean" Miller. where he seemed to feel more at home. Kurtz. With his mission accomplished. by the hand. • Robert Duvall as Lieutenant Colonel William "Bill" Kilgore. as the villagers conduct a ceremonial slaughter of a water buffalo. the real Flynn was also a character in Herr's Dispatches. also a West Point officer who Robert Duvall knew[2] and possibly Col. a crazed photographer who intercuts poetry with obscene cynicism. but not all. • Harrison Ford as Colonel Lucas. the horror. the 17 year-old cocky South Bronx-born crewmember. David Hackworth.[3] • Dennis Hopper as an American Photojournalist. The Hopper part was also based in part on the "harlequin" (patchwork) figure in Heart of Darkness that greets Marlow. Willard leads Johnson to the PBR. after the film's original general release he replaced this footage with a plain black screen. aide to Corman and general information specialist.
the message of Conrad's book is still clear. In the novella. in particular his highly unorthodox and often savage methods of waging war show many similarities to those of the fictional Kurtz. is set in the Congo Free State during the 19th century. he discovers that Kurtz has gone insane and is lording over a small tribe as a god. The novella ends with Kurtz dying on the trip back and the narrator musing about darkness of the human psyche: "the heart of an immense darkness".Apocalypse Now • Scott Glenn as Captain Richard M. Lee Ermey. the Playboy bunnies (Sirens) exit. the lost souls. Scott Glenn. and R. In fact. • Aurore Clément as Roxanne Sarraut-de Marais (redux version). prominent stars have minor roles in the movie including Harrison Ford. previously assigned Willard's current mission before he defected to Kurtz's private army and sent a message to his wife telling her to sell everything they owned (but he goes on to tell her to sell their children. Coppola argues that many episodes in the film—the spear and arrow attack on the boat. based on Conrad's real experiences as a steam paddleboat captain in Africa.[4] Apocalypse Now took so long to finish that Fishburne was seventeen (the same age as his character) by the time of its release. when he discovers Kurtz in terrible health. (with Chef and Lance) to enter the camp are likened to Virgil and "The Inferno" (Divine Comedy) by Dante. He would send these ears back to his superiors as proof of the efficacy of his operations deep inside Laos. Exterminate them All!") and his final lines "The horror! The horror!" are taken from Conrad's novella. Fishburne was only fourteen years old when shooting began in March 1976. keep on fighting!" DP Vittorio Storaro plays the cameraman by Coppola's side. "taking me home" attempting to reach the boat and Kurtz' tribe of (white-faced) natives parting the canoes (gates of Hell) for Willard. In the movie. G. and he lied about his age in order to get cast in his role. however. • Roman Coppola as Francis de Marais (redux version) • Francis Coppola himself has a cameo as a director filming beach combat. Marlow makes an effort to bring him home safely. Other episodes adapted by Coppola. D.  134  Adaptation Although inspired by Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness. • Bill Graham as Agent (announcer and in charge of Playmate's show) • Cynthia Wood as Playmate of the Year • Colleen Camp as Playmate. While Coppola replaced European colonialism with American interventionism. Marlow is the pilot of a river boat sent to collect ivory from Kurtz's outpost. the depiction of Kurtz as a god-like leader of a tribe of natives and his malarial fever.[5] Kurtz and Marlow (who is named Willard in the movie) both work for a Belgian trading company that brutally exploits its native African workers.[6] Coppola's interpretation of the iconic Kurtz character is often speculated to have been modeled after Tony Poe. "Miss May" • Linda Carpenter as Playmate. Lee Ermey as Helicopter Pilot • Christian Marquand as Hubert de Marais (redux version). Poe was known to drop severed heads into enemy-controlled villages as a form of psychological warfare and use human ears to record the number of enemies his indigenous troops had killed. Willard is an assassin dispatched to kill Kurtz. He shouts "Don't look at the camera. Nevertheless. or later became. as well). Spradlin. only gradually becoming infatuated with Kurtz. for example. Colby. the surrogate leader of the French residents and strong vocal opponent of American action.[7] Poe's actions in Vietnam and in the 'Secret War' in neighbouring Laos. denies that Poe was a primary influence and instead says  . for example—respect the spirit of the novella and in particular its critique of the concepts of civilization and progress. Kurtz's written exclamation "Exterminate the brutes!" (which appears in the film as "Drop the bomb. The novella. the film deviates extensively from its source material. When Marlow arrives at Kurtz's outpost. a widow and influential figure at the plantation.[8] [9] Coppola. "Miss August" • R. Several actors who were. a highly-decorated Vietnam-era Paramilitary Officer from the CIA's Special Activities Division.
Apocalypse Now the character was loosely based on Special Forces Colonel Robert Rheault. whose 1969 arrest over the murder of a suspected double agent Thai Khac Chuyen in Nha Trang generated substantial contemporary news coverage.000 if it got made. the scene related by Marlon Brando's character where the arms of villagers are hacked off by the Viet Cong. shortly before his death.[12] However. Coppola discussed with friends and co-producers Fred Roos and Gary Frederickson the idea of producing the film. and real soldiers. In addition. However.[13] Milius claims that he wrote the screenplay in 1969[12] and it was originally called The Psychedelic Soldier.[12]  Pre-production Coppola was drawn to Milius' script. It would have been too simple to have followed the book completely". the inspiration for the film.[11] Milius came up with the idea for adapting the plot of Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness to the Vietnam War setting. George Lucas and Steven Spielberg encouraged their friend and filmmaker John Milius to write a Vietnam War film. itself.he dead".[13] In the spring of 1974.[13] His friend and producer Gary Kurtz traveled to the Philippines.[12] He had no desire to direct the film and felt that George Lucas was the right person for the job. When Willard first is first introduced to Dennis Hopper's character.[12] and he wrote ten drafts. filmmaker Carroll Ballard claims that Apocalypse Now was his idea in 1967 before Milius had written his screenplay. He was also influenced by an article written by Michael Herr entitled. amounting to over a thousand pages. Ballard had a deal with producer Joel Landon and they tried to get the rights to Conrad's book but were unsuccessful. Eliot's poem The Hollow Men.000 to write the screenplay with the promise of an additional $10. scouting suitable locations.[17]  . the poem is preceded in printed editions by the epigraph "Mistah Kurtz . California. the photojournalist describes his own worth in relation to that of Kurtz with "I should have been a pair of ragged claws Scuttling across the floors of silent seas".[14] He wanted to use Conrad's novel as "a sort of allegory. and people calling airstrikes down on themselves.[10]  135  Usage of Poetry of T. Colonel Kurtz recites most of T. documentary style. from Eliot's "The Love Song of J. Coppola told Milius. the two books that Eliot cited as the chief sources and inspiration for his poem The Waste Land. They intended to shoot the film on a $2 million budget. who had experienced.[12]  Screenplay Coppola gave Milius $15.S.[16] George Lucas was originally interested in directing and planned to shoot it after making THX 1138 with principal photography to start in 1971. which he described as "a comedy and a terrifying psychological horror story". At one point. using 16 mm cameras. two books seen opened on Kurtz' desk in the film are From Ritual to Romance by Jessie Weston and The Golden Bough by Sir James Frazer. "The Battle for Khe Sanh". Fred Rexer. rock 'n' roll.S. "write every scene you ever wanted to go into that movie". Not only is Kurtz in the novel characterized as "hollow at the core". He planned to shoot the film in the rice fields between Stockton and Sacramento. Eliot In the film. Lucas became involved with American Graffiti and this delayed the production of Apocalypse Now. first-hand.[13] He based the character of Willard and some of Kurtz on a friend of his. which referred to drugs.[15] Milius changed the film's title to Apocalypse Now after being inspired by a button badge popular with hippies during the 1960s that said "Nirvana Now". Lucas acquired the rights but failed to tell Ballard and Landon. Alfred Prufrock" Development While working as an assistant for Francis Ford Coppola on The Rain People. a quotation from Conrad's Heart of Darkness which was.
Coppola had persuaded Marlon Brando to play Kurtz for a then-unheard of fee . that had jungle resembling Vietnam. He envisioned the film as a definitive statement on the nature of modern war. Typhoon Olga wrecked the sets at Iba and on May 26. Mean Streets.[18] He decided to make his film in the Philippines for its access to American equipment and cheap labor.[21] After viewing early footage. saying that the actor "found it difficult to play him a passive onlooker". the director took a plane back to Los Angeles and replaced Keitel with Martin Sheen. According to Frederickson. production was closed down.[12] Coppola was determined to make the film and pressed ahead himself.[21] Sound and photographic equipment had been coming in from California on a regular basis since late 1975. Robert Redford. and all the trees were bent at forty-five degrees". the difference between good and evil. and Gene Hackman.5 million from United Artists who assumed that the film would star Marlon Brando. 1976. Coppola was not happy with Harvey Keitel's take on Willard. while promoting The Godfather Part II in Australia.5 million for a month's work on location in September 1976.$3. 1976. the budget was estimated between $12–14 million. Coppola and his producers scouted possible locations for Apocalypse Now in Cairns in northern Queensland. The Playboy Playmate set had been destroyed.[21] Coppola and Roos had been impressed by Martin Sheen's screen test for Michael in The Godfather and he became their top choice to play Willard.[16] Jack Nicholson.[23] Dean Tavoularis remembers that it "started raining harder and harder until finally it was literally white outside.[16] In 1975. and the impact of American society on the rest of the world.[17] in Lucas' case. Coppola asked Lucas and then Milius to direct Apocalypse Now. he remembered putting "the cameras and the Montagnard shirt on him. Dennis Hopper was cast as a kind of Green Beret sidekick for Kurtz and when Coppola heard him talking nonstop on location. The director said that he wanted to take the audience "through an unprecedented experience of war and have them react as much as those who had gone through the war".[21]  Principal photography On March 1.[22] By early 1976.Apocalypse Now While making The Godfather Part II.[19] Coppola's American Zoetrope assembled $8 million from distributors outside the United States and $7. he got the go-ahead to make his pet project. and we shot the scene where he greets them on the boat". Coppola and his family flew to Manila and rented a large house there for the five-month shoot. Production coordinator Fred Roos had already made two low-budget films there for Monte Hellman. and had friends and contacts in the country.[23] One part of the crew was stranded in a hotel and the others were in small houses that were immobilized by the storm. but both men were involved with other projects. ruining a month's shooting that had  .[16] Frederickson went to the Philippines and had dinner with President Ferdinand Marcos to formalize support for the production and to allow them to use some of the country's military equipment. Within a few days.[20]  136  Casting Steve McQueen was Coppola's first choice to play Willard. Steve McQueen.[16] Coppola spent the last few months of 1975 revising Milius' script and negotiating with United Artists to secure financing for the production.[16] Al Pacino was also offered the role but he too did not want to be away for that long period of time and was afraid of falling ill in the jungle as he had done in the Dominican Republic during the shooting of The Godfather Part II. and declined the offer to direct Apocalypse Now. and James Caan were approached to play either Kurtz or Willard. but the actor did not accept because he did not want to leave America for 17 weeks. Principal photography began three weeks later. Star Wars. but the actor had already accepted another project and Harvey Keitel was cast in the role based on his work in Martin Scorsese's Marlon Brando as Colonel Kurtz.
He returned to the Philippines in early 1977 and resumed filming. Sheen had a heart attack and struggled for a quarter of a mile to reach help. Also. Murch and his crew had to fabricate the mood of the jungle on the soundtrack.S. 1977. Author Michael Herr received a call from Zoetrope in January 1978 and was asked to work on the film's narration based on his well-received book about Vietnam.[25] These rumors came from Coppola departing frequently from the original screenplay. taller actor double for him in an attempt to portray Kurtz as an almost mythical character. and having another. photographing only his face. the production had bodyguards watching constantly at night and one day the entire payroll was stolen. he was invited to screen Apocalypse Now at the Cannes Film Festival.Apocalypse Now been scheduled. With the help of Dennis Jakob. Apocalypse Now would feature innovative sound technique for movies as Murch insisted on recording the most up-to-date gunfire and employed a quintaphonic soundtrack with three channels of sound behind the movie screen and two channels of sound from behind the audience. said. Coppola decided that it would not be possible to finish the film for a December release and postponed the opening until spring of 1979.[29] He convinced United Artists executives to delay the premiere from May to October 1978. Murch realized that the script had been narrated but Coppola abandoned the idea during filming.[27] Murch thought that there was a way to assemble the film without narration but it would take ten months and decided to give it another try. the film was six weeks behind schedule and $2 million over budget.[30] That same year. Coppola told his wife that he felt "there is only about a 20% chance [I] can pull the film off".[31] United  . 1977 and everyone headed home. He read a book about Genghis Khan to get a better handle on the character of Kurtz.[25] He was back on the set on April 19. kills the king. from The Golden Bough". who worked on the sound elements. Coppola told Walter Murch that he had four months to assemble the sound. in June 1976. specifically.[23] After filming commenced. Although this was an American production subject to American animal cruelty laws. The scene was inspired by a ritual performed by a local Ifugao tribe which Coppola had witnessed along with his wife (who filmed the ritual later shown in the documentary Hearts of Darkness) and film crew.[28] He put it back in. Marlon Brando arrived in Manila very overweight and began working with Coppola to rewrite the ending.[29] In addition. According to Coppola's wife. Tavoularis and his team stayed on to scout new locations and rebuild the Playmate set in a different place.[27]  137  Post-production In the summer of 1977. recording it all himself. even if there were differently edited versions". scenes like this filmed in the Philippines were not policed or monitored.[25] A water buffalo was slaughtered with a machete for the climactic scene. but just the one. weapons used in Vietnam.[23] Coppola flew back to the U.[24] On March 5. Coppola decided that the ending could be "the classic myth of the murderer who gets up the river. He screened a "work in progress" for 900 people in April 1979 that was not well-received. A major sequence in a French plantation cost hundreds of thousands of dollars but was cut from the final film.[29] Murch had problems trying to make a quadraphonic soundtrack for Apocalypse Now because sound libraries were devoid of any stereo recordings of any weapons and. Dispatches. and then himself becomes the king — it's the Fisher King. and the American Humane Association gave the film an "unacceptable" rating. By September.[29] In May 1978.[29] Herr said that the narration already written was "totally useless" and spent a year writing various narrations with Coppola giving him very definite guidelines. Eleanor. Most of the cast and crew went back to the United States for six to eight weeks. Coppola viewed a rough assembly of the footage he had to date but still needed to improvise an ending. "There were never five endings. Rumors began to circulate that Apocalypse Now had several endings but Richard Beggs. Coppola admitted that he had no ending because Brando was too fat to play the scenes as written in the original script.[24] In the days after Christmas 1976.[26] Principal photography ended on May 21.[24] The director downplayed Brando's weight by dressing him in black. the sound material brought back from the Philippines was inadequate because the small location crew lacked time and resources sufficient to record jungle sounds and ambient noises.
The week prior to Cannes. Just before fading to black. Coppola pulled the film from its 35 mm run. Coppola never fully agreed with the two going out in apocalyptic intensity. He allowed critics to attend the screenings and believed that they would honor the embargo placed on reviews. Zoetrope technicians worked during the night before the screening to install additional speakers on the theater walls in order to achieve Murch's quintaphonic soundtrack.[31] On August 15. It is unclear whether Willard then points the boat upstream or downstream. Rona Barrett reviewed the film on television and called it "a disappointing failure".[32] Rental prints circulated with this ending. preferring to end the film in a more encouraging manner. Coppola arranged three sneak previews that each featured their own slightly different versions. Coppola elected to show the credits superimposed over shots of Kurtz's base exploding. However. consequently killing everyone left at the base. Willard silences the radio as the PBR is pulling away from Kurtz's compound.[32] For general release in  35mm.S. many rumors surrounded the ending of Apocalypse Now. in 15 theaters equipped to play the first Dolby Stereo 70 mm film with surround sound. This mirrors the lack of any opening titles and supposedly stems from Coppola's original intention to "tour" the film as one would a play: the credits would have appeared on printed programs provided before the screening began. Kurtz's last words "the horror" are echoed and there is a brief glimpse of helicopters and napalm that harkens back to the beginning of the film. The original 1979 70 mm exclusive theatrical release ended with Willard's boat. He had added them to the credits because he had captured the footage during the demolition of the sets (required by the Philippine government). they were intended to be seen as completely separate from the film. Another option showed an air strike being called and the base being blown to bits in a spectacular display. When Coppola originally organized the ending of the movie. 1979 Apocalypse Now was released in the U.[31] At Cannes.  138  Other versions Endings At the time of its release.  . Coppola stated an ending was written in haste in which Willard and Kurtz joined forces and repelled the air strike on the compound. In the Redux Version. In the DVD commentary. Coppola explains that the images of explosions had not been intended to be part of the story.Apocalypse Now Artists were not keen on showing an unfinished version in front of so many members of the press but Coppola remembered that The Conversation won the Palme d'Or and agreed to show Apocalypse Now at the festival less than a month before it began. save for '"Copyright 1979 Omni Zoetrope"' right after the film ends. and put credits on a black screen. which was filmed with multiple cameras fitted with different film stocks and lenses to capture the explosions at different speeds. then fade to black with no credits. however. and ends with images of Willard's boat pulling away from Kurtz's compound superimposed over the face of a stone idol which then fades into black. the stone statue. when Coppola heard that audiences interpreted this as an air strike called by Willard. On May 14. he had two choices. and can be found in the hands of a few collectors. One involved Willard leading Lance by the hand as everyone in Kurtz's base throws down their weapons.
it was possible to digitally enhance the footage to accomplish Coppola's vision. There is a deleted scene entitled "Monkey Sampan" which was used as a way to represent the whole movie in a three minute scene. Finally just as the two boats pass. a holdover from the colonization of French Indochina. As they pass on by. surrounded by Cambodian children. The longest section of added footage in the Redux version is an anticolonialism chapter involving the de Marais family's rubber plantation. Hubert de Marais argues that French politicians sacrificed entire battalions at Điện Biên Phủ. Chief notes out loud "That's comin' from where we're going. At the time of the Redux version. In the scenes. Coppola has continued to circulate the original version as well: the two versions are packaged together in the Complete Dossier DVD.[35]  . featuring Coppola's two sons Giancarlo and Roman as children of the family. Coppola criticized the media for attacking him and the production during their problems filming in the Philippines and uttered the famous quotes. and little by little we went insane". containing extra material not included in either the original theatrical release or the "redux" version. Captain. the wind turns the sail and exposes a naked dead civilian tied to the sail boom. The singing stops. 2010. It is assumed the man was tortured by the Viet Cong. and "My film is not about Vietnam. it is Vietnam". too much equipment. and tells Willard that the US created the Viet Cong (as the Viet Minh). a follow-up scene to the dance of the Playboy playmates. Apocalypse Now won the Palme d'Or for best film along with Volker Schlöndorff's The Tin Drum . In behind-the-scenes footage in Hearts of Darkness. Coppola said that he made up for cutting this scene by having the PBR pass under an airplane tail in the final cut. to fend off Japanese invaders.[34] At the subsequent press conference. The scene is ominous and the noise of engines way up in the sky is heard.  Reaction Cannes screening A three-hour version of Apocalypse Now was screened as a "work in progress" at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival and met with prolonged applause.[33]  Apocalypse Now Redux In 2001.Apocalypse Now  139  Extended bootleg version There is a longer 289 minute version which has never been officially released but circulates as a video bootleg. As the Sampan gets closer Willard realizes there are monkeys on it and no helmsman.[34] The filmmaker upset newspaper critic Rex Reed who reportedly stormed out of the conference. in which Willard's team finds the playmates awaiting evacuation after their helicopter has run out of fuel. The scene shows Willard and the PBR crew suspiciously eyeing an approaching Sampan juxtaposed to Montagnard villagers joyfully singing "Light My Fire" by The Doors.a decision that was reportedly greeted with "some boos and jeers from the audience". at the technical aspects of the shot scenes." The boat then slowly passes the giant tail of a shot down B-52 bomber. on the set. and a scene of Kurtz reading from a Time magazine article about the war. These scenes were removed from the 1979 cut. which premiered at Cannes. Coppola expresses his anger. released on August 15. a humorous scene in which Willard's team steals Kilgore's surfboard (which sheds some light on the hunt for the mangoes). the French family patriarchs argue about the positive side of colonialism in Indochina and denounce the betrayal of the military men in the First Indochina War. His body is mutilated and looks as though the man was whipped. This is an extended version that restores 49 minutes of scenes cut from the original film. 2006 and in the Blu-ray edition released on October 19. Other added material includes extra combat footage before Willard meets Kilgore. "We had access to too much money. the result of tight allocation of resources. Coppola released Apocalypse Now Redux in cinemas and subsequently on DVD.
In his original review. "Apocalypse Now achieves greatness not by analyzing our 'experience in Vietnam'.[40]  Legacy Today. Sight and Sound magazine polled several critics to name the best film of the last 25 years and Apocalypse Now was named number one. and ranked number 1 on Channel 4's 50 Films To See Before You Die. San Francisco.. the London Film Critics' Circle voted Apocalypse Now the best movie of the last 30 years..[37] New 70mm prints were shown in Los Angeles. Seattle.[41] The helicopter attack to Ride of the Valkyries was chosen as the most memorable film scene ever by the Empire magazine. Toronto. attests to the film's pervasive cultural impact.[32] The film was re-released on August 28. because it pushes beyond the others. hallucinatory Vietnam war epic is cinema at its most audacious and visionary". Roger Ebert wrote. grossing USD $322.. Blockbuster listed Kilgore's eulogy to napalm as the best movie speech. It ran exclusively in these three locations for four weeks before opening in an additional 12 theaters on October 3. into the dark places of the soul. St. the film is widely regarded as a masterpiece of the New Hollywood era.[34] The film initially opened in one theater in New York City.[42] The May 1. 1979 and then several hundred the following week.[39] Other reviews were less positive. Apocalypse Now is emotionally obtuse and intellectually empty". 2010 cover of the Economist newspaper. San Jose. and Hollywood. In 2002. one of the greatest of all films.[38] In his review for the Los Angeles Times. but by re-creating. in characters and images. and Cincinnati — cities where the film did financially well in 1979. It is on the American Film Institute's 100 Years. It is not about war so much as about how war reveals truths we would be happy never to discover". 100 Movie Quotes list. illustrating the 2010 European sovereign debt crisis with imagery from the movie. Frank Rich in Time said "while much of the footage is breathtaking. Apocalypse Now has a 98% "Certified Fresh" rating. 1987 in six cities to capitalize on the success of Platoon. Kilgore's quote "I love the smell of napalm in the morning" (written by Milius) was number 12 on the AFI's 100 Years. stating: "Apocalypse Now is the best Vietnam film. The film was given the same kind of release as the exclusive engagement in 1979 with no logo or credits and audiences were given a printed program.489 in the first five days. it towers over everything that has been attempted by an American filmmaker in a very long time". In 2009. "as a noble use of the medium and as a tireless expression of national anguish. Charles Champlin wrote. Full Metal Jacket and other Vietnam War movies.  . something of that experience".[37]  Critical response On the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes.. In a 2004 poll of UK film fans. It was also listed as the second best war film by viewers on Channel 4's 100 Greatest War Films. Louis. but it dropped two spots to number 30 on their 10th anniversary list. 100 Movies list at number 28.[36] The film grossed over $78 million domestically with a worldwide total of approximately $150 million.Apocalypse Now  140  Box office Apocalypse Now performed well at the box office when it opened in August 1979.[36] Ebert added Coppola's film to his list of Great Movies. The Consensus is "Francis Ford Coppola's haunting.
. or aesthetically significant". 100 Movie Quotes: • "I love the smell of napalm in the morning. Gerald B. Gray Frederickson and • • • • • Tom Sternberg) Grammy Award for Best Original Score Written for a Motion Picture (Carmine Coppola and Francis Ford Coppola) César Award for Best Foreign Film (Meilleur film étranger) (Francis Ford Coppola) American Movie Award for Best Actor (Martin Sheen) BAFTA Award for Best Film Music (Carmine Coppola and Francis Ford Coppola) BAFTA Award for Best Actor (Martin Sheen)  American Film Institute recognition • 1998 AFI's 100 Years. Richard Beggs.. George R. Fred Roos.. Fred Roos. Richard Marks and Walter Murch) • Academy Award for Best Writing. Greenberg.  .. Nathan Boxer) Cannes Film Festival: Palme d'Or[43] Golden Globe Award for Best Director (Francis Ford Coppola) Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor (Robert Duvall) Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score (Carmine Coppola and Francis Ford Coppola) National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actor (Frederic Forrest) David di Donatello Award for Best Director. Gray Frederickson and Tom Sternberg) • Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor  (Robert Duvall) • Academy Award for Best Art Direction — Set Decoration (Angelo P. historically.." #12 • 2007 AFI's 100 Years. 100 Movies #28 • 2005 AFI's 100 Years. Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium (Francis Ford Coppola and John Milius) • DGA Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Motion Pictures (Francis Ford Coppola) • WGA Award for Best Drama Written Directly for the Screen (John Milius and Francis Ford Coppola) • Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama (Francis Ford Coppola. Mark Berger. Nelson and Dean Tavoularis) • Academy Award for Directing (Francis Ford Coppola) • Academy Award for Film Editing (Lisa Fruchtman. Apocalypse Now was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally. Graham. Nominations • Academy Award for Best Picture (Francis Ford Coppola. 100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) #30 Star Marlon Brando was also named # 4 of the Top 25 American male screen legends..Apocalypse Now  141  Awards and honors Wins • • • • • • • • • • • Academy Award for Best Cinematography (Vittorio Storaro) Academy Award for Best Sound (Walter Murch. Foreign Film (Migliore Regista Straniero) (Francis Ford Coppola) American Movie Award for Best Supporting Actor (Robert Duvall) BAFTA Award for Best Direction (Francis Ford Coppola) BAFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor (Robert Duvall)  In 2000.
. independent. Interview with [[Gerald Peary (http:/ / www. ISBN 978-0747538042 [3] Col David Hackworth obituary (http:/ / www. uk/ news/ obituaries/ col-david-hackworth-490250. [7] Leary. 7. Gerald.com. .33:1 and zoomed to fit the anamorphic video frame.The Complete Dossier DVD (Paramount Home Entertainment) (2006) Disc 2 Extras include: The Post Production of Apocalypse Now: Documentary (four Featurettes covering the editing. html. Air America Archive. which were treated as a separate feature. All DVD releases have maintained this aspect ratio in anamorphic widescreen. "Death of a Legend". p. Ross C (ed. (2003-07-08). Roger. Boston: St. html) The Independent. p.com. com/ interviews/ abc/ coppola. 120. Cyberpat. Retrieved 2009-05-02. Retrieved 2010-03-06. archive. SF Weekly. [5] Murfin. co.  Documentaries Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse (American Zoetrope/Cineplex-Odeon Films) (1991) Directed by Eleanor Coppola. Shooting at the Moon. A Case Study in Contemporary Criticism. Willard is erroneously listed as "Lieutenant Willard". [6] "Heart of Darkness & Apocalypse Now: A comparative analysis of novella and film" (http:/ / www. Retrieved on 10 June 2007. com/ essays/ coppola. . Bloomsbury. p. featuring a small degree of pan-and-scan processing — notably in the opening shots in Willard's hotel room. Retrieved 2007-03-14. The end credits. Weds. and the closing credits. html). Matt (1999-11-17). "Francis Ford Coppola. George Hickenlooper & Fax Bahr Apocalypse Now . "Agent Provocative" (http:/ / www. Retrieved on 2007-06-10. Martin's Press. org/ web/ 20090806040904/ http:/ / geocities. 3-16. 11 May 2005 [4] Cowie 2001. The Blu-ray release of Apocalypse Now restores the film to its original 2. html)]"]. 5. but present the film without the end credits.35:1 print. [8] Warner. [11] Cowie 2001. were presented in compressed 1. GeraldPeary. 1991) cropped the film to a 2:1 aspect ratio (conforming to the Univisium spec created by cinematographer Vittorio Storaro). com/ 1999-11-17/ news/ agent-provocative/ 1). As a DVD extra. com/ asia_correspondent/ laos0307ciaposhepnybp. [10] Isaacs. Richard S. Karl (1998) Apocalypse Now. 19. [15] Cowie 2001. p. Bangkok Post. [2] French. cyberpat. The first letterboxed appearance (on laserdisc on December 29. On the cover of the Redux DVD. were still crushed for 1. sfweekly. p. geraldpeary. pp. p. the footage of the explosion of the Kurtz compound was featured without text credits but included a commentary by director Coppola explaining the various endings based on how the film was screened. p. [14] Cowie 2001. William L. [13] Cowie 2001.33:1 full-frame format to allow all credit information to be seen on standard televisions. white on black background. making it the first home video release to display the film in its true aspect ratio. [12] Cowie 1990. http:/ / web. 121.35:1 aspect ratio. [16] Cowie 1990.Apocalypse Now  142  Home video release aspect ratio issues The first home video releases of Apocalypse Now were pan-and-scan versions of the original 35 mm Technovision anamorphic 2.  .) (1989): Joseph Conrad: Heart of Darkness. 6. from a videotape source rather than a film print. London. [9] Ehrlich. "CIA operative stood out in 'secret war' in Laos". 2. [17] Cowie 2001. featuring a composite montage — at the insistence of Coppola and Storaro. music and sound of the film through Coppola and his team) • • • • A Million Feet of Film: The Editing of Apocalypse Now (18mins) The Music of Apocalypse Now (15mins) Heard Any Good Movies Lately? The Sound Design of Apocalypse Now (15mins) The Final Mix (3mins)  References [1] Peary. 3. p.
ISBN 0306805987 • Cowie. Retrieved 2009-12-02. "Apocalypse Now" (http:/ / rogerebert. Gilbert (1981) Vietnam on Film: From The Green Berets to Apocalypse Now. 125. 128. pp. 124. 126. Peter (1999) Easy Riders. 1999). Simon & Schuster. suntimes. [29] Cowie 1990.9171. p. Roger (June 1. Raging Bulls: How the Sex. Bloomsbury. [30] Cowie 1990. Karl (1999) Karl French on Apocalypse Now: A Bloomsbury Movie Guide. [23] Cowie 1990. [39] Ebert. Kobal Collection /Beech Tree Books. 13. "Apocalypse Now to Be Re-released" (http:/ / query. guardian. co. 132. [40] Frank Rich (1979-08-27). George MacDonald (1988) The Hollywood History of the World: from One Million Years B. [37] Harmetz. bbc. festival-cannes. bbc. Milton. Umberto & Glaser. [27] Cowie 1990. [24] Cowie 1990. Peter (1990) Coppola. New York: Da Capo Press. Drugs and Rock-'n'-Roll Generation Saved Hollywood‎. p. ISBN 9781861891310.ISBN 10-03068-104-68 • Fraser. Jonathan (2002). [35] "Sweeping Cannes" (http:/ / www. dll/ article?AID=/ 19991128/ REVIEWS08/ 911280301/ 1023). google. Chicago Sun-Times. Retrieved 2008-11-22. The Guardian (London).C. . New York Times. dll/ article?AID=/ 19790601/ REVIEWS/ 41214002/ 1023). time. com/ gst/ fullpage. (1979) Apocalypse Now . [43] "Festival de Cannes: Apocalypse Now" (http:/ / www. html). p.com. ISBN 15-82340-145 • Milius. [32] Cowie 1990. Retrieved 2010-03-06. uk/ 2/ hi/ entertainment/ 8388124. [20] Cowie 2001. Aljean (August 20. 131. html). Retrieved 2009-05-23. [28] Cowie 1990. Gordon (October 17. 1987). [33] Coates. [34] Cowie 1990. Retrieved 2008-10-17. 12. New York: Da Capo Press. 127. Reaktion Books.Apocalypse Now [18] Cowie 2001. 2008). "Cinema: The Making of a Quagmire by Frank Rich" (http:/ / www. festival-cannes. html). uk/ film/ 2008/ oct/ 17/ 1). com/ en/ archives/ ficheFilm/ id/ 1897/ year/ 1979. [26] Burt. "Coppola's slow boat on the Nung" (http:/ / www. [41] 'Napalm' speech tops movie poll (http:/ / news.946279. suntimes. 123. . stm). ISBN 09-06071-860 • Biskind. Talk Miramax Books/Hyperion. June 4. "Great Movies: Apocalypse Now" (http:/ / rogerebert. [21] Cowie 1990. ISBN 0-87910-150-4 • Cowie. com/ apps/ pbcs. 18. 126-127.Program distributed in connection with the opening of the film. Animals In Film: Apocalypse Now (http:/ / books. time. Time. 16. com/ time/ magazine/ article/ 0. 129. html?res=9B0DE2D61F3BF933A1575BC0A961948260& scp=4& sq="Apocalypse+ Now"& st=nyt). com/ books?id=7z2dYClZlKMC& pg=PA153& lpg=PA153& dq=American+ Humane+ Association+ apocalypse+ now& source=bl& ots=CRc1BHmV-_& sig=c2w7zWFarZH3jjPxwFxl1Egb_IY& hl=en& ei=Ne0oSoueMY7Ktge72sG7CA& sa=X& oi=book_result& ct=result& resnum=2). [22] Cowie 2001. Chicago Sun-Times. nytimes. BBC News. com/ time/ magazine/ article/ 0. p. p.00. . 1979. p. Peter (2001) "The Apocalypse Now Book. p.920572. Francis Ford (2001) Apocalypse Now Redux: An Original Screenplay. [19] Cowie 2001. p. BBC. ISBN 07-86887-451 • Tosi. p. . [31] Cowie 1990. p. p. .9171.00. . Time. to Apocalypse Now. Simon and Schuster. com/ apps/ pbcs. Retrieved 2007-11-10. . [36] Cowie 1990. . 2009. [38] Ebert. stm). 1979). Retrieved 2008-11-24. John & Coppola. co. [42] "War epic Apocalypse Now tops UK film critics poll" (http:/ / news. Roger (November 28.  143  Bibliography • Adair. United Artists  . uk/ 1/ hi/ entertainment/ film/ 3362603. Eleanor (1979) Notes on the Making of Apocalypse Now. December 1. p. 2 January 2004. . Retrieved 2008-11-24. co. [25] Cowie 1990. Proteus. Retrieved 008-11-24. 130. 122. p. p. p. ISBN 06-88075-207 • French. Retrieved 18 February 2008. ISBN 06-84857-081 • Coppola.
boxofficemojo.com/m/apocalypse_now/) at Rotten Tomatoes  .com/title/tt0078788/) at the Internet Movie Database Apocalypse Now (http://www.com/movies/?id=apocalypsenow.Apocalypse Now  144  External links • • • • Apocalypse Now (http://www.rottentomatoes.allmovie.htm) at Box Office Mojo Apocalypse Now (http://www.imdb.com/work/2675) at Allmovie Apocalypse Now (http://www.
400. It features a preeminent cast of Marlon Brando. In contemporary Los Angeles. Scott) is assigned to solve the murder of his former boss and friend Tom Neeley. Craig T. The scene is made to look like a drug deal gone wrong. When he interviews Neeley's ex-wife (Beatrice Straight). and Caine finds a map of Germany with the name 'Olbermann' on it. However. and when he returns to interview her a second time. Lt. United States English $7.  . George C. Caine is surprised to learn that Neeley provided drugs at parties hosted by the tycoon Adam Steiffel (Marlon Brando). John Gielgud. Barney Caine (George C. he finds her shot dead in her hot tub. he quickly catches her in several lies. 1980 117 min. Scott and Marthe Keller.  Plot The film opens in the final days of World War II as the Russians are on the outskirts of Berlin. Scott Marlon Brando John Gielgud Marthe Keller Bill Conti  Music by  Cinematography James Crabe Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Gross revenue John Carter Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer December 19.The Formula (1980 film)  145  The Formula (1980 film) The Formula  Directed by Produced by Written by Starring  John G. Avildsen released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1980.000  The Formula is a mystery film directed by John G. A German SS general (Richard Lynch) is dispatched to the Swiss border with top secret materials. Neeley has written 'Gene' on a newspaper in his own blood. Avildsen Steve Shagan Steve Shagan from his novel George C. Nelson also makes a brief appearance as a geologist. with orders to hide them from the Allies.
Steiffel's plan is to let the world run out of oil before he begins to produce petroleum from coal using the formula. he reveals that the inventor of the formula. but claims she didn't sleep with him because of her orders. Dr. Once in Berlin. and the Swiss executive agrees to hold off on producing petroleum with the formula. executing all the bribes (Baksheesh) that are required of an American energy firm to operate in the Middle East. Caine realizes the two copies of the formula in the hotel safe were replaced with fakes by Lisa. At the airport before flying home to Los Angeles. and his partner is released. Olbermann is murdered outside of the zoo. Siebold is shot in the head through a window. given their lack of petroleum resources. is still alive. During their interview with Siebold. Caine becomes convinced he must go to Germany to solve Neeley's murder. and then she flees into East Berlin. Caine confronts the assassin who killed the Neeley's. his niece Lisa (Marthe Keller) shows up to be interviewed by the police. until oil has tripled in value. and that the only real copies are with the LAPD and the Swiss. he heads straight to Steiffel's office. D. Abraham Esau (John Gielgud). Caine asks Lisa to accompany him on his investigation. At the border with East Berlin. Spradlin) to tell him that Caine has taken the bait. He makes reference to a formula for a catalyst that converts coal into petroleum and claimed that the Nazis had relied heavily on their coal reserves and the formula to fuel their war efforts. and back at his apartment. Steiffel gives a speech about his motives for hiding the fact that he already possessed the formula and sent Caine on an elaborate trip to retrieve it as a cover for when his company eventually began producing fuel with it.  146  . Lisa and Caine make photocopies and send them to the LAPD and a Swiss energy company. She admits it. On their way to visit Esau. After they leave his apartment. Caine agrees to Steiffel's terms. This confirms Caine's hunch that Neeley was killed over the formula. he reveals that he has deduced that she is not Olbermann's niece at all. At Olbermann's memorial service. which would lose power if coal-rich countries like the United States could simply rely on their natural resources. Caine then reveals that he sent the formula to the Swiss as he leaves. after he makes Caine promise to make it public. Caine meets up with Paul Obermann (David Byrd) at the Berlin Zoo. Lisa kills the assassin to prove she wasn't lying about her feelings for Caine. acting as his interpreter. and after he convinces his Chief (Alan North) to allow him to pursue the investigation in Europe. Olbermann explains that the formula was in fact real. rather than a drug deal. Steiffel asserts that the formula has been kept secret by the powerful oil cartel. Caine also hides two copies from Lisa. the Chief is seen phoning one of Steiffel's cronies (G. He sent Neeley overseas frequently to distribute money to business partners. but a spy sent to keep tabs on him. When they meet up with Esau. She agrees and they follow up on a lead that Olbermann gave him regarding Professor Siebold who worked on the formula. Steiffel has kidnapped Caine's partner and wants amnesty for a ransom. After landing in Los Angeles. He asks the CEO to sit on the formula for another 30 years. Lisa and Caine sleep together. Steiffel rifles through his desk for a business card and then makes a phone call to the Swiss firm where Caine sent the formula. depositing them in the hotel's safe.The Formula (1980 film) Steiffel reveals in his interview that Neeley was working for him as a bagman. They negotiate briefly. in exchange for a share of his anthracite mine in the United States. who reveals Steiffel ordered their murders. he writes down the formula for Caine. and the Nazis hid it as the war ended in an operation code-named 'Genesis'. In a subsequent scene.
allmovie. com/ title/ tt0080754/ [2] http:/ / www.The Formula (1980 film)  147  External links • The Formula [1] at the Internet Movie Database • The Formula [2] at Allmovie  References [1] http:/ / www. imdb. com/ work/ 18255  .
1989 97 minutes English  A Dry White Season is a film which was created in 1989 by Davros Films and Sundance Productions and distributed by MGM.A Dry White Season  148  A Dry White Season A Dry White Season  Film poster Directed by Produced by Euzhan Palcy Paula Weinstein Tim Hampton Mary Selway Colin Welland Euzhan Palcy Robert Bolt (uncredited) André Brink (novel) Donald Sutherland Janet Suzman Jürgen Prochnow Zakes Mokae with Susan Sarandon and Marlon Brando Dave Grusin  Written by  Starring  Music by  Cinematography Pierre-William Glenn Kelvin Pike Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Language Glenn Cunningham Sam O'Steen MGM September 22.[1] The film stars Donald Sutherland.  . It was directed by Euzhan Palcy and produced by Paula Weinstein. Mary Selway and Tim Hampton. Robert Bolt also contributed uncredited revisions of the screenplay. Jürgen Prochnow. Zakes Mokae. Susan Sarandon and Marlon Brando (who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor). based upon André Brink's novel of the same name. Janet Suzman. The screenplay was by Colin Welland and Euzhan Palcy. It is set in South Africa. and deals with the subject of apartheid.
a South African school teacher.000). de Klerk's attempts at apartheid reform. Things change when Ben sees firsthand the brutality by his own race against blacks.  Cast • • • • • • • • • Donald Sutherland as Ben du Toit Janet Suzman as Susan du Toit Zakes Mokae as Stanley Makhaya Jürgen Prochnow as Captain Stolz Susan Sarandon as Melanie Bruwer Marlon Brando as Ian McKenzie Winston Ntshona as Gordon Ngubene Leonard Maguire as Bruwer Susannah Harker as Suzette du Toit  Production Before production. thinking that Gordon's claims against the white minority government are unfounded. and also under suspicious circumstances. during the Apartheid system that lasted from 1948 until 1994.[4]  . a human rights attorney. England and on location in Zimbabwe. particularly when he sees the dead body of Gordon at the morgue not long after being tortured at the hands of the secret. Ben's political awakening is so complete by this time that his crusade to bring those responsible for the deaths of Gordon and his family members eventually take their toll on his own family. is also killed later. Like many South African whites. seeks his help while investigating the death of his son during the Riots. Ben refuses to get involved in the racial divides that have been tearing the country apart. on which the movie was based. Buckinghamshire. was the first book in Afrikaans to be banned in South Africa (in 1979). Brink's novel. far below his usual fee. Ben retains Ian Mackenzie (Marlon Brando). Donald Sutherland portrays the character of Ben Du Toit. Emily. to assist him with the case. Ben Du Toit pays the ultimate price for standing up to a corrupt government for basic human rights and equality. Gordon's wife. a black man named Gordon. who said it could harm President F.A Dry White Season  149  Plot In A Dry White Season. Upset by this turn of events.[2] The film was shot at Pinewood Studios.[3] The film itself was initially banned by South African censors. corrupt government police.W. The story begins when a gardener at Ben's school. Director Euzhan Palcy was able to convince Marlon Brando to work for union scale ($4. Warner Brothers passed on the project and it went to MGM. The story takes place in 1976. around the Soweto Riots. Eventually. The ban was later lifted in September 1989 and the movie was screened at the Weekly Mail Film Festival in Johannesburg. The salaries of Sutherland and Sarandon were also reduced and the film was budgeted at only $9 million.
uk/worldservice/specials/133_wbc_archive_new/page2.virtual-history. "Dry White Season' Jolts South African Audience".com/film. jrank. com/ title/ tt0097243/ ) [2] A Black Director Views Apartheid (http:/ / www. html) [4] Kraft. 29. Scott.shtml) discussion of novel by Andre Brink discusses on the BBC World Book Club  .com/title/tt0097243/) at Internet Movie Database • Movie stills (http://film. com/ 1989/ 09/ 25/ movies/ a-black-director-views-apartheid.bbc. 1989.php?filmid=6858) • A Dry White Season (http://www. nytimes. org/ literature/ pages/ 3456/ AndrÃ©-Brink-(AndrÃ©-Philippus-Brink). Sept. html?pagewanted=all) The New York Times. The Los Angeles Times.A Dry White Season  150  References [1] A Dry White Season (http:/ / www.co.  External links • A Dry White Season (http://www. [3] Andre Brink biography (http:/ / www.imdb. imdb.
who at first offers to carry Clark's bags for him. Broderick's character. Victor drives off with Clark's luggage still in the trunk. a first-year film student at New York University. about losing his books. Victor vows to give his luggage  . Professor Fleeber (Paul Benedict). who uses books he has written as required study. 1990 102 minutes United States English $21. Fraker Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Gross revenue Barry Malkin TriStar Pictures July 20. As soon as Clark steps out of the car.The Freshman (1990 film)  151  The Freshman (1990 film) The Freshman  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by Written by Starring Andrew Bergman Mike Lobell Andrew Bergman Matthew Broderick Marlon Brando Bruno Kirby Penelope Ann Miller David Newman  Music by  Cinematography William A. As he's wandering around lost in Grand Central Terminal.601  The Freshman is a 1990 American crime comedy film starring Marlon Brando and Matthew Broderick. in which Brando parodies his portrayal of Vito Corleone in The Godfather.460. he's approached by Victor Ray (Bruno Kirby). is at one point tasked with delivering a Komodo Dragon for this purpose. Clark notices out the window Victor walking by and gives chase. Clark tells his professor. then offers Clark a ride to college in his car.  Plot Clark Kellogg (Matthew Broderick) leaves his mother (Pamela Payton-Wright) and environmental activist stepfather Dwight (Kenneth Welsh) in Vermont to go to New York University (NYU) to study film. The plot revolves around quirky aspects such as Broderick's entanglement into an illicit business of offering exotic and endangered animals as specialty food items.
also known as "Jimmy The Toucan" . but no thanks. never holding its festivities in the same place twice. Tina starts to talk to Clark as if the two are soon to be married. Clark mentions how much Carmine looks. Clark is also introduced to Carmine's daughter. sounds and acts like Brando in The Godfather -. an illicit and nomadic establishment. Upon being caught. A distracted Clark tries to pay attention in Fleeber's film class (where the professor shows clips of The Godfather Part II) but he's soon being chased by two agents of the Department of Justice." a million dollars is charged. The two DOJ agents. who takes an immediate shine to him. Clark is told that "for the privilege of eating the very last of a species. Carmine then gets up off the floor." 152  Cast • • • • • • • • • • • Matthew Broderick as Clark Kellogg Marlon Brando as Carmine Sabatini Bruno Kirby as Victor Ray Penelope Ann Miller as Tina Sabatini Frank Whaley as Steve Bushak Jon Polito as Chuck Greenwald Paul Benedict as Arthur Fleeber Richard Gant as Lloyd Simpson Kenneth Welsh as Dwight Armstrong Pamela Payton-Wright as Liz Armstrong B. which will be taken safely to a new habitat at the zoo. Right after Clark mentioned the Komodo dragon. Wong). Clark steps outside to signal the DOJ agents. It is also revealed that the whole thing had been a set-up. Carmine offers Clark the opportunity to make a lot of money just for running small errands. Victor explains that the Godfather character was based on Carmine. Carmine is upset that Clark has ratted him out. though they're soon caught by real FBI agents and arrested. Carmine Sabatini (Marlon Brando). Clark was picked out by Carmine. not endangered species (a long-running con of Carmine's. Tina (Penelope Ann Miller). Clark berates his stepfather. who leaves. he runs the Fabulous Gourmet Club. the two wrestle and Carmine is apparently killed in the struggle.D. Clark finds out that his activist stepfather had been listening in on a conversation with his mother. but tells Clark that the two DOJ agents are being bribed by a rival crime family that wants both Carmine and Clark dead. The first is to pick up a Komodo dragon from JFK Airport and transport it to a specific address. Clark enlists the help of his roommate Steve Bushak (Frank Whaley) to pick up the animal and deliver it to Larry London (Maximilian Schell) and his assistant. Larry London reveals tonight's expensive and exotic dinner is actually Hawaiian tigerfish mixed with smoked turkey from Virginia. where for enormous prices endangered animals are served as the main course. At the Gourmet Club's dinner. who do indeed turn out to be corrupt. a plan is hatched to get Carmine out of the exotic animal business for good and to clear Clark. In a running gag.though no one will tell Carmine this to his face.The Freshman (1990 film) back in return for a favor. specially prepared by Larry London.D. Clark says "thanks. He offers to help Clark in any way he needs to make it in Hollywood. Carmine pulls a gun. Carmine and Clark walk off with the Komodo dragon. longtime Miss America pageant host Bert Parks sings a version of "There She Is" when the Komodo Dragon is revealed. having faked his death. working with the FBI. Wong as Edward  . Edward (B.is not only a Mafia figure. Dwight contacted the Department of Justice. Carmine admits to Clark that the Gourmet Club exists. because they knew Clark's stepfather would contact the corrupt agents when he found out about Clark's "job". Clark is introduced to Victor's uncle. and the DOJ agents raid the restaurant where the club is meeting. While driving to the Gourmet Club. swindling the rich out of their money). he's told that Carmine . leave with a duffel bag filled with money.
(He tells Brando's character: "Good night. there are other Godfather series references. 1990  External links • The Freshman (http://www. Or Whatever It Is He Does" (http:/ / movies. Gianni Russo. but not much of a movie critic. Bruno Kirby played the young Peter Clemenza in The Godfather Part II. the name of the antagonist in A Night at the Opera At the end of the film. boss." Siskel responded: "Brando is an extraordinary actor.boxofficemojo. July 20. this time his “ I coulda been a contender” speech from On the Waterfront.com/m/freshman/) at Rotten Tomatoes  . Brando turns in another parody of an iconic Brando role.") The fake name in the passport that Victor Ray gives to Clark Kellogg is 'Rodolfo Lassparri'. com/ movie/ review?_r=1& res=9C0CE0D9113FF933A15754C0A966958260& scp=4& sq=the freshman& st=cse) Janet Maslin. nytimes.  References [1] "The Freshman -.The Freshman (1990 film) • Maximillian Schell as Larry London  153  Reception The film was well reviewed.imdb.com/movies/?id=freshman.rottentomatoes. That's because The Freshman is a delightful comedy and Brando's performance is a big part of the delight.[1]  Production Beyond the casting of Brando... Brando condemned the film calling it "lousy. who was the Don's conniving son-in-law Carlo Rizzi in the first film appears in the Gourmet Club scenes." The film was written and directed by Andrew Bergman who was the original screenwriter of Blazing Saddles.Review/Film.com/title/tt0099615/) at the Internet Movie Database • The Freshman (http://www. with Janet Maslin describing it in the New York Times as "witty and enchanted". after the movie was finished filming. New York Times. Marlon Brando as Importer.htm) at Box Office Mojo • The Freshman (http://www. as Carmine Sabatini addresses the Komodo Dragon with a quiet "You're gonna turn into a bum! . Without me you coulda been a handbag or somethin'." According to Gene Siskel.
. increasing costs and nearly destroying the life and career of Francis Ford Coppola. actors' health and other issues delayed the film.Informational Programming .Picture Editing".  Awards Originally aired on television in the United States. and the International Documentary Association award.Directing" and "Outstanding Individual Achievement . After a year of editing. Hearts of Darkness won several awards: The National Board of Review. two Academy of Television Arts and Sciences awards for "Outstanding Individual Achievement . an American Cinema Editors award for "Best Edited Documentary". In 1990.Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse  154  Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmakers's Apocalypse Directed by Produced by Written by Starring Fax Bahr George Hickenlooper Les Mayfield George Zaloom Fax Bahr George Hickenlooper Francis Ford Coppola Marlon Brando Eleanor Coppola Sofia Coppola Dennis Hopper Robert Duvall Harvey Keitel Martin Sheen Laurence Fishburne Harrison Ford George Lucas Sam Bottoms November 27. Eleanor Coppola turned her material over to two young filmmakers George Hickenlooper and Fax Bahr who then shot new interviews with the original cast and crew and intercut them with her existing material. and narrated by Eleanor Coppola. USA award for "Best Documentary. the Joseph Conrad novella Heart of Darkness. Hickenlooper. it chronicles how production problems including bad weather. and Coppola debuted their film at the 1991 Cannes [1] Film Festival to universal critical acclaim. 1992.  Synopsis The title is derived from the source material for Apocalypse Now. Using behind the scenes footage. 1991 96 minutes United States English  Release date(s) Running time Country Language  Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse is a 1991 documentary film about the making of Apocalypse Now. 1992." 1991. Bahr.Informational Programming . 1992.
we had access to too much money. html).com/title/tt0102015/) at the Internet Movie Database  . . and little by little we went insane. and a bonus documentary entitled Coda. [2] The DVD version includes a commentary track from Coppola.com. com/ en/ archives/ ficheFilm/ id/ 112/ year/ 1991.Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse  155  DVD Release Hearts of Darkness was released on DVD November 20. festival-cannes. festival-cannes. and also in the Cabaret Voltaire song "Project80" (as part of a larger sample from that interview) . dvdtimes. 2007. co. Retrieved 2009-08-10.". about Coppola's film Youth Without Youth. [2] http:/ / www.imdb.  Cultural references A sample from Coppola interview shown at the beginning of the film. php?contentid=66149  External links • Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse (http://www. is featured in UNKLE's song "UNKLE (Main Title Theme)". "We were in the jungle.  References [1] "Festival de Cannes: Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse" (http:/ / www. too much equipment. there were too many of us. uk/ content.
000.Christopher Columbus: The Discovery  156  Christopher Columbus: The Discovery Christopher Columbus: The Discovery  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by John Glen Alexander Salkind [1] Ilya Salkind Screenplay: John Briley Cary Bates Mario Puzo Story: Mario Puzo Marlon Brando Georges Corraface Rachel Ward Robert Davi Catherine Zeta-Jones Oliver Cotton Simon Dormandy Benicio del Toro Branscombe Richmond Tom Selleck Cliff Eidelman  Written by  Starring  Music by  Cinematography Alec Mills Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Language Budget Gross revenue Matthew Glen Warner Bros.000 Domestic: $8. English $45. 1992 120 min.251. a 1992 film directed by James Bond alumnus John Glen. was the last project developed by the father-and-son production team of Alexander and Ilya Salkind.071 [2]  Christopher Columbus: The Discovery. It follows the events leading  . August 21.
Tom Selleck. originally set to star in the picture.Biography (http:/ / www. Worst Supporting Actor . latimes. mcall. that I'll never make movies again.[5] The film was released for the 500th anniversary of Columbus's voyage.[10] [11]  Awards It won one Golden Raspberry Award Worst Supporting Actor . latimes. • Robert Davi as Martín Pinzón • Catherine Zeta-Jones as Beatriz Enriquez de Arana • Benicio del Toro as Alvaro Harana  Reception The film received mostly negative reviews.Marlon Brando. com/ 1993-11-24/ entertainment/ ca-60385_1_alexander-salkind). . com/ 1991-05-15/ entertainment/ ca-1889_1_ridley-scott-movie). com/ 1992-10-09/ features/ 2893351_1_christopher-columbus-columbus-day-columbus-legend).4.316103. [4] Timothy Dalton . The Los Angeles Times. com/ 1992-08-29/ lifestyle/ 9208280862_1_christopher-columbus-salkind-ridley-scott). com/ 1992-05-06/ business/ fi-1325_1_christopher-columbus). orlandosentinel. [2] "EPIC `1492' FILM CAPTURES ENERGY OF EXPLORER'S TIMES BEDEVILED VISIONARY Series: DISCOVERING COLUMBUS: 1492 -. and nominated for another five. html) [6] "Christopher Columbus Sails Right Past Bankruptcy" (http:/ / articles.Christopher Columbus: The Discovery up to and including the voyage of Columbus to the New World in 1492. • Marlon Brando received top billing for his supporting part as Tomás de Torquemada • Tom Selleck as King Ferdinand V • Rachel Ward as Queen Isabella I. Retrieved 2010-10-09. . The Los Angeles Times."[3] Timothy Dalton and Isabella Rossellini. imdb. latimes.00.  References [1] "Columbus: A Filmmaker's Odyssey" (http:/ / articles. com/ ew/ article/ 0. He replaced Timothy Dalton.Second of Three Parts. indeed. The Los Angeles Times. who was originally set to play the title role. [8] "Columbus: Adrift at Sea With No Paddle" (http:/ / articles.[4] Dalton later filed a suit against the producers for breach of contract and fraud.Georges Corraface. including. . ew. Worst Screenplay and Worst Director . Retrieved 2010-10-09. for breach of contract.[6] [7]  157  Cast • Georges Corraface as Christopher Columbus. Retrieved 2010-11-30. backed out when director George Pan Cosmatos was replaced by John Glen shortly before shooting began. Morning Call. Retrieved 2010-11-30. [3] "A Family Feud in Wake of 'Columbus' : Movies: Ilya Salkind has sued Alexander. fraud and racketeering. Retrieved 2010-10-09." (http:/ / articles. Its behind-the-scenes history involved an elaborate series of financial mishandlings which later brought about an emotional falling-out between both Alexander and Ilya. in an interview with the Los Angeles Times: "I know. Worst Picture. who was originally set to play the female lead. after this.[8] [9]  Box Office The movie was not a success debuting at No. com/ name/ nm0001096/ bio) [5] DALTON'S DISCOVERY | Timothy Dalton | Pop Culture News | News | Entertainment Weekly (http:/ / www." (http:/ / articles. [7] "Can Two Columbus Projects Stay Afloat?" (http:/ / articles. Worst New Star . his father and producing partner. . latimes.  . The Los Angeles Times. . Orlando Sentinel. She replaced Isabella Rosselini.. com/ 1992-08-24/ entertainment/ ca-5381_1_christopher-columbus). . as a frustrated Alexander would later lament.John Glen. Retrieved 2010-10-09.
. Retrieved 2010-10-09. [10] "Weekend Box Office `Unforgiven' at Top for Third Week" (http:/ / articles. The New York Times. sun-sentinel. . Columbus. com/ 1992-09-04/ features/ 9201190510_1_batman-returns-star-vehicles-star-james-woods).Christopher Columbus: The Discovery [9] "Review/Film. nytimes. latimes.allmovie. The Los Angeles Times. As Torquemada Waves" (http:/ / movies.  158  External links • Christopher Columbus: The Discovery (http://www. Sun Sentinel. Retrieved 2010-12-01. com/ 1992-08-25/ entertainment/ ca-6052_1_weekend-box-office). [11] "Revenues Of Summer Movies Never Quite Fired Up Box Office" (http:/ / articles.imdb. Retrieved 2010-12-01.com/work/9587) at Allmovie  .com/title/tt0103962/) at the Internet Movie Database • Christopher Columbus: The Discovery (http://www. com/ movie/ review?res=9E0CE7D71F3BF931A1575BC0A964958260). . It's Goodbye.
the greatest lover in the world. DeMarco. But the psychiatric sessions have an unexpected effect on the psychiatric staff. to cure him of his apparent delusion. a man who believes himself to be Don Juan. while the flashbacks depicting DeMarco's back-story are based on the more familiar legend of Don Juan.792. Dr. DeMarco undergoes psychiatric treatment with Marlon Brando's character. especially as told by Lord Byron in his version of the legend. who rekindles the romance in his complacent marriage. the most profoundly affected is Dr.  . 1995 97 minutes United States English Spanish $25 million $68. Clad in a cape and domino mask. the modern-day story is based on director/screenwriter Jeremy Leven's short story Don Juan DeMarco and the Centerfold (the movie's original title before the studio changed it shortly before release). Mickler himself.Don Juan DeMarco  159  Don Juan DeMarco Don Juan DeMarco  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by Jeremy Leven Francis Ford Coppola Michael De Luca Fred Fuchs Lord Byron (Character) Jeremy Leven Marlon Brando Johnny Depp Faye Dunaway Michael Kamen  Written by  Starring  Music by  Cinematography Ralf Bode Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Budget Gross revenue Tony Gibbs New Line Cinema April 7.531  Don Juan DeMarco is a 1994 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Johnny Depp as John R. The movie is based on two different sources. Jack Mickler. some of whom find themselves inspired by DeMarco's delusion.
The song was nominated for an Oscar for Best Original Song at the 68th Academy Awards. as background music (again in Spanish). but lost to "Colors of the Wind" from Pochahontas.556. and finding true love (and being rejected) on a remote island. Bill Dunmore Selena as Mariachi singer  Music The film features the original Bryan Adams song. In addition. as Rocco Compton Richard C. once by Jose Hernandez and Nydia. the death of his father. and once by Bryan Adams during the closing credits. and the second weekend of Tommy Boy.451 in the U.8 rating. As the ten days tick down and pressure mounts on Mickler to support the youth's indefinite confinement. Jack Mickler Faye Dunaway as Marilyn Mickler Géraldine Pailhas as Doña Ana Franc Luz as Don Antonio Bob Dishy as Dr. averaging a 5. is held for a ten-day review in a mental institution. insists on doing the evaluation and conducts it without medicating the youth. finding reality within the romantic imagination becomes Jack's last professional challenge. about to retire. Marilyn (Faye Dunaway).  Release Critical reception The film currently holds 73% on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes. "Don Juan" tells his story .the 21-year old.150.731 gross worldwide.[2] Upon its opening weekend. DeMarco/Don Juan Marlon Brando as Dr. a year in a harem. Jr. "Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman?". once by a mariachi band serenading the characters in Spanish.274 behind the openings of Bad Boys and A Goofy Movie.592.birth in Mexico. the lyrics incorporate quotes from Depp's character. and the melody is used as a musical motif throughout the film. it was then considered a hit for New Line Cinema.[3]  .S. the song itself is performed three times. Don Juan DeMarco opened at #4 with $4.Don Juan DeMarco  160  Plot Psychiatrist Jack Mickler (Marlon Brando) dissuades a would-be suicide . Sarafin as Detective Sy Tobias Tresa Hughes as Grandma DeMarco Stephen Singer as Dr. Paul Showalter Rachel Ticotin as Doña Inez Talisa Soto as Doña Julia 'Tiny' Lister. With a total $68. The song is also available on the soundtrack. costumed like Zorro claiming he's Don Juan (Johnny Depp).[1]  Box office The film had an estimated budget of $25 million. grossing just $22.  Cast • • • • • • • • • • • • • Johnny Depp as John R. Mickler. Listening enlivens Mickler's relationship with his own wife.
com/ weekend/ chart/ ?yr=1995& wknd=14& p=.com/title/tt0112883/) at the Internet Movie Database Don Juan DeMarco (http://www. com/ movies/ ?id=donjuandemarco. boxofficemojo.php?filmid=5799) Roger Ebert Review (http://rogerebert.htm) at Box Office Mojo Don Juan DeMarco (http://www. boxofficemojo. com/ m/ don-juan-demarco/ [2] http:/ / www. rottentomatoes.Don Juan DeMarco  161  References [1] http:/ / www.dll/article?AID=/19950407/REVIEWS/ 504070304/1023)  .com/m/don_juan_demarco/) at Rotten Tomatoes Movie stills (http://film.com/work/don-juan-demarco-134834) at Allmovie Don Juan DeMarco (http://www. htm [3] http:/ / www.boxofficemojo.virtual-history.com/apps/pbcs.allmovie.rottentomatoes.com/movies/?id=donjuandemarco. htm  External links • • • • • • Don Juan DeMarco (http://www.suntimes.com/film.imdb.
Moreau (1996 film) The Island of Dr.The Island of Dr.  . Moreau  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by John Frankenheimer Claire Rudnick Polstein Edward R. 1996 (US) November 15. David Thewlis and Ron Perlman. Pressman Tim Zinnemann H. Moreau is a 1996 film. Moreau (1996 film)  162  The Island of Dr. Fraker Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Budget Gross revenue New Line Cinema August 23. the third major movie version of the H. 1996 (UK) 100 minutes United States English $40 million (estimated) $49. G. Fairuza Balk. The film stars Marlon Brando.627. a science fiction horror story about a scientist who attempts to convert animals into people. features Val Kilmer. The screenplay was written by Walon Green and Ron Hutchinson.779  The Island of Dr. and was directed by John Frankenheimer. Wells novel The Island of Doctor Moreau. G. Wells (novel) Ron Hutchinson Walon Green (screenplay) Marlon Brando Val Kilmer David Thewlis Fairuza Balk Ron Perlman Gary Chang  Written by  Starring  Music by  Cinematography William A.
but the other two men are knocked overboard while a hungry shark bites into one of the men. He is unsuccessful. Douglas and the two men in the life raft fight over the last canteen of water as in the theatrical version. His death lasts a bit longer and more graphic. Moreau's death. Horrified by the doctor's monstrous experiments and fearing for his own life. only one experiment was successful and now the unsuccessful ones are given drugs every day to keep them from regressing into their animal forms. in escaping the island. United Nations negotiator Edward Douglas.The Island of Dr. and eventually becomes his prisoner. The film continues as usual.  Cast Actor David Thewlis Fairuza Balk Ron Perlman Marlon Brando Val Kilmer Role Edward Douglas Aissa Sayer of the Law Dr. but with a more violent ending. • Dr. Montgomery. Moreau's allies is Dr. It begins as usual. is brought ashore on Moreau's island — against his better judgment — by Dr. They continue to fight as Douglas threatens one man with a flare gun. free of malice and hatred. one of the creatures has found a way to stop himself from receiving shock treatment and when he informs others of this.  . Aissa. Montgomery  Marco Hofschneider M'Ling Temuera Morrison William Hootkins Daniel Rigney Nelson de la Rosa Peter Elliott Mark Dacascos Azazello Kiril The Hyena-Swine Majai Assassimon Lo-Mai  Director's Cut Eventually. However. The other man that escaped the shark appears out of the water to attack Douglas. Moreau Dr. The wounded man pulls the knife out and stabs his attacker in the stomach. One of Dr. Montgomery. Some highlights: • An extended prologue. a physician gone mad with devotion to Moreau and intense drug abuse. Moreau has successfully conquered the impossible: to use human DNA in animals to make them more humanlike and regress their animal instincts and make the divine human. They are also controlled through shock therapy to keep them in order. but he bashes the man's skull in with one of the oars in the raft. a director's cut was released on DVD containing four minutes of extra footage from the theatrical release. Moreau (1996 film)  163  Synopsis In the year 2010. Hyena eventually rips off his arm by the wrist. the sole survivor of an airplane crash. After many attempts. Dr. but is foiled at every turn by Dr. Montgomery and his man-beast lackeys. One man pulls out a knife and stabs another in the back. the animal hybrids break loose on the island. Douglas seeks the help of Moreau's lovely daughter.
The constant rewrites also got to Brando's nerve and having no motivation to keep rehearsing new lines. The first is that I will never climb Mt. like virtually every member of the cast and crew." Frankenheimer also reportedly clashed with Brando and the studio. Kilmer agreed to this proposal. Brando pointed out to him:  . 'There's a robbery at Woolworths. (a move that was believed to have been influenced by Kilmer) and brought in veteran film director. scaring and making him fear Hyena even more.'" Even Brando clashed with Kilmer who didn't make any new friends with his continuously erratic behavior." Thewlis went on to rewrite his character personally. more tongue-in-cheek phrase was. The reasons for Stanley's dismissal are not very clear. and I don't want to be associated with him ever again".[1] Once shooting resumed. there were two famous phrases Frankenheimer was quoted as saying to the press in reference to Val Kilmer. as they were concerned with the direction he was taking the film. This scene explains the blood spot on his left chest in the rest of the film. • Azazello's implant removed. • Hyena's destruction of Dr. Moreau's office. Montgomery. Everest. Frankenheimer's vision of the movie was very different from Stanley's. There is a shot of Hyena shooting aimlessly in a circle at the walls of Moreau's office. Thewlis recollects: "[Marlon would] be in the middle of a scene and suddenly he'd be picking up police messages and would repeat. he uses the implant shock treatment to psychologically torture him in the theatrical version. knew that it was impossible to cut the role of UN diplomat. this is where the scene ends. "we all had different ideas of where it should go. John Frankenheimer. tropical rainforests of North Queensland. Edward Prendick (later changed to Edward Douglas) by such a drastic amount.[2] Because of this. "Will Rogers never met Val Kilmer. In this extension. New Line fired Stanley. I don't like his work ethic. The chosen location for the film was the steamy. Frankenheimer and Kilmer had an argument on-set. New pages were turned in only a few days before they were shot and the breakneck pace Hutchinson kept up didn't equal quality. The first sign of trouble appeared when Kilmer suddenly decided . who was going through a divorce at the time) and that he didn't have his process very well thought out. He is shot in the chest. he was equipped with a small radio receiver. There is a more graphic shot indicating what really happened to Montgomery. Moreau (1996 film) • Douglas shoots at Hyena. Frankenheimer. but he wanted to keep Kilmer onboard.that he wanted his role cut by 40%. but it's been said that he wasn't a strong enough director (to cope with Kilmer. which reportedly got so heated. • Hyena tortures Douglas. "I don't like Val Kilmer. Moreau's assistant on the island. so the part of Prendick was given to Rob Morrow. before Hyena runs off. Hyena takes Azazello's gun and shoots Montgomery's dead body several more times. The second is that I will never work with Val Kilmer ever again. he throws Moreau's arm down." The second. The original director on the project. came on board because he wanted the opportunity to work with Brando. and he and Brando decided to rewrite the script with the help of scriptwriters.for reasons of his own . In this extension. so he hit on the idea of switching him to the role of Dr.  164  Production Unfortunately for New Line the production was plagued with problems from the outset. "There are two things I will never ever do in my whole life. Although Hyena never physically tortures Douglas. When Morrow also decided to leave the production. According to Film Threat magazine. the problems did not dissipate. According to Thewlis. Frankenheimer stated afterwards. In the theatrical release.The Island of Dr. The whole production was shut down for one and a half weeks while these changes were implemented. I even ended up improvising some of the main scenes with Marlon. Azazello in the theatrical release says that he knows where there's more of "the fire that kills". Frankenheimer needed to find a new lead actor and brought in David Thewlis to play Douglas. The first was. Hyena and his followers rip out Azazello's implant in his chest. however. several of Hyena's followers shoot innocent mutants on the ground to death. Walon Green and Ron Hutchinson. but just three days into filming. • Montgomery's death. Australia. Following the previous extension. Richard Stanley.
everythingisundercontrol. "Psycho Kilmer" (http:/ / www. as well as the implications of a French nuclear test near the atoll he owned. 1994  . Moreau later got six nominations for the Razzie Awards including Worst Picture and Worst Director. Moreau (1996) (http:/ / boxofficemojo. Kilmer has stated that the time filming on-set was "crazy. Thewlis skipped the film's premiere by choice.[7] The Island of Dr. As a joke Stanley reportedly told the production designer to burn the set down. dated April 26. com/ m/ 1072156-island_of_dr_moreau/ ) [7] The Island of Dr.  165  Reception [8]  The film was met with bad reviews.The Island of Dr. ew.Rotten Tomatoes (http:/ / www. org/ nagtloper/ moreau/ moreau2. only covering the $40 million budget. com/ movies/ ?id=islandofdrmoreau. . latimes. rottentomatoes. com/ bsmovies/ drmoreau. php http:/ / www. "winning" Worst Supporting Actor for Marlon Brando (Val Kilmer was also a nominee in this category).. theperlmanpages. http:/ / www. Pictures .everythingisundercontrol. Moreau (1996 film) "You're confusing your talents with the size of your paycheck". com/ 1996-09-03/ entertainment/ ca-40108_1_visual-arts-events).00. Trailers. html). The film also got nominations for two Saturn Awards: Best Make-Up and Science Fiction Film. moria. Moreau (1996) (http://www. Retrieved 2010-12-30. org/ nagtloper/ moreau/ moreau2.  Notes [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] http:/ / www. .com/title/tt0116654/) at the Internet Movie Database • The Island of Dr. php?option=com_content& task=view& id=2051& Itemid=1 The Island of Dr.allmovie.php A draft of the films screenplay." He was served with divorce papers from his then-wife Joanne Whalley. Moreau .[5] Another reports that he also showed up at the film's wrap party where he ran into Kilmer. who was said to have apologized profusely for Stanley's removal from the film. security was tightened in case he was actually trying to sabotage the project. Brando was dealing with the suicide of his daughter Cheyenne. htm) [8] "MORNING REPORT" (http:/ / articles.292752.Movie Reviews. php http:/ / www.[3] One rumor surfaced (promoted by Stanley)[4] that he did however manage to sneak back on the set in full costume as one of the many human-animal hybrids. htm Rebecca Ascher-Walsh. i12. Moreau (1996) (http://www. com/ ew/ article/ 0. everythingisundercontrol.  External links • The Island of Dr.org/nagtloper/write/moreauscript. co.imdb.[6] and grossed $49 million worldwide.com/work/136549) at Allmovie • http://www. nz/ index. The Los Angeles Times.
Depp Johnny Depp Cody Lightning Nicole Mancera Marlon Brando Elpidia Carrillo Iggy Pop  Starring  Music by  Cinematography Vilko Filač Editing by Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Pascale Buba Majestic Films International 1997 123 minutes United States English  The Brave (1997) is a film adapted from the Gregory McDonald novel of the same title directed by and starring Johnny Depp. directed and acted in it. Jr.The Brave  166  The Brave The Brave  Original film poster Directed by Produced by Written by Johnny Depp Charles Evans.  . The film was released in theaters and on DVD internationally. This film was Depp's directorial debut. The film was first shown at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival[1] where it received mixed reviews. He co-wrote the screenplay with his brother.P. Carroll Kemp Gregory McDonald Paul McCudden Johnny Depp D. but not in the United States.
festival-cannes. festival-cannes.com. Luis Guzmán – Luis Cody Lightning – Frankie Nicole Mancera – Marta Floyd Red Crow Westerman – Papa Pepe Serna – Alessandro Lupe Ontiveros – Maria Alexis Cruz – Heyman Chuck E. Raphael. The film follows Raphael's transformation with his relationship with his wife and children over the course of his final week of life and his own personal anguish with his fate.imdb. Having been given the money in advance.The Brave  167  Plot summary The film concerns a Native American man named Raphael who lives with his wife and two children in a remote community near a rubbish dump selling whatever he can to make a living. agrees to star in a snuff film for a large sum of money that he hopes will give his family a chance for a better life. Weiss – Whizzy  References [1] "Festival de Cannes: The Brave" (http:/ / www. Clarence Williams III – Father Stratton Max Perlich – Lou Jr. html).  Cast and characters • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • Johnny Depp – Raphael Marlon Brando – McCarthy Marshall Bell – Larry Elpidia Carrillo – Rita Frederic Forrest – Lou Sr.com/title/tt0118768/) at the Internet Movie Database  . com/ en/ archives/ ficheFilm/ id/ 4796/ year/ 1997. . seeing the hopelessness of his situation and his inability to provide for his family. Raphael is given a week to live and then return to be tortured and killed in front of the camera. Retrieved 2009-09-21.  External links • The Brave (http://www. Festival de Cannes.
His death looks certain. Canada English 30. he's railroaded into Swede's small-town and dangerous jail by the Judge (Donald Sutherland) and Swede. Judge's Daughter and FBI Agent Karen Polarski (Mira Sorvino). Bud Dyerson (Charlie Sheen) and Larry (Thomas Haden Church). except his twin daughters (Holly Watson and Christin Watson).  Plot Warden Sven 'The Swede' Sorenson is a malicious warden of the county. Meanwhile.000. while able to land Bud in federal  . Larry's his reluctant accomplice. produced by Nicolas Clermont and written by Anthony Peck and Joseph Brutsman. illegally executing some of his worst prisoners.000$ (estimated)  Free Money is a 1998 black comedy film directed by Yves Simoneau. Everybody in town hates and is scared of him. lying so he pushes their dim boyfriends. He also turns his sons-in-law into slave laborers. so Bud hatches an escape plan to rob a train carrying old bills to the mint for burning. Swede's twins tell their father they're pregnant. When Bud is captured. until he hatches yet another plan that requires Larry's help.Free Money (film)  168  Free Money (film) Free Money  Directed by Produced by Written by Starring  Yves Simoneau Nicolas Clermont Anthony Peck Joseph Brutsman Marlon Brando Charlie Sheen Donald Sutherland Mira Sorvino Martin Sheen Thomas Haden Church Holly L Watson Christin Watson Mark Isham  Music by  Cinematography David Franco Editing by Release date(s) Running time Country Language Budget Yves Langlois 1998 91 minutes. into shotgun marriages.
com/ title/ tt0120678/  .Liv Christin Watson .Judge Rolf Rausenberger Mira Sorvino . repeatedly comes to his aid.Warden Sven 'The Swede' Sorenson Holly L Watson .Ned Jebee  External links • Free Money [1] at the Internet Movie Database  References [1] http:/ / www.Inga Charlie Sheen .  169  Cast • • • • • • • • • Marlon Brando . imdb.New Warden David Arquette .Karen Polanski Thomas Haden Church .Bud Dyerson Donald Sutherland .Larry Martin Sheen .Free Money (film) prison.
Angela Bassett and Marlon Brando. The screenplay was based upon a story by Daniel E. It was the final film performance for Brando and the only time he and De Niro appeared in a film together (although they had previously portrayed the same character. Kario Salem Robert De Niro Edward Norton Marlon Brando Angela Bassett Howard Shore  Starring  Music by  Cinematography Rob Hahn Editing by Studio Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Language Budget Gross revenue Richard Pearson Mandalay Pictures Paramount Pictures 13 July 2001 124 minutes English French ~ US$68. Edward Norton. Vito Corleone.000.The Score (film)  170  The Score (film) The Score  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by Written by Frank Oz Gary Foster Lee Rich Scott Marshall Smith.  .918  The Score is a 2001 crime drama directed by Frank Oz and starring Robert De Niro. Taylor.000 $113. for which they had both won Academy Awards).579. Taylor and Emmy-winner Kario Salem. in The Godfather and The Godfather Part II respectively. Daniel E.
Jean-René Ouellet as André. Nick reluctantly gives up the carrying case and seconds later the alarm. alerts the entire compound to the heist. Nick uses a sewer system tunnel to enter the Customs House basement as Jack uses the bypass codes to rig the cameras to shut off while Nick sneaks into the storage room. encourages this decision. Gary Farmer as Burt. the prime suspect. Nick. is lured into taking one final score by his fence Max (Marlon Brando).000 for the information. Steven is caught. Nick hangs up and boards a boat with the real scepter as a shell-shocked Jack broods over his situation. promising to fully commit to their relationship if he does indeed go straight. Angela Bassett as Diane.The Score (film)  171  Plot After nearly being caught on a routine burglary. rigged by Jack. Diane (Angela Bassett). a veteran thief tempted by one last score to comfortably retire. worth a $4 million pay off to Nick. Nick darts for the sewer entrance he came in as Jack heads back upstairs. the inside man seeking to establish himself as a respected criminal. head of security. Nick's flight attendant girlfriend. an ambitious.  Cast • • • • • • • • Robert De Niro as Nick Wells. Max smiles as he watches a news broadcast reporting a massive manhunt being organized to find Jack. by a corrupt system's administrator who extorts Nick for $50. Jamie Harrold as Steven. Nick's loyal associate who serves as security. Taunting Jack that "every cop in the city" is now looking for him. and an "unknown" accomplice. a computer hacker that obtains the security codes for the score. tucking the carrying case inside his janitor jumpsuit and slipping past the incoming police units responding to the burglary. master safe-cracker Nick Wells (Robert De Niro) decides the time has finally come to retire from his illegal activities and focus on running his jazz club. the fence that puts together the job. Max introduces Nick to Jack Teller (Edward Norton). More complications arise when they're forced to move up their time-table after the Custom's House becomes aware of the true value of the scepter and adds extra CCTV camera's to monitor it while they make preparations to return it to its rightful owners. The job. is to steal a valuable French scepter which was being smuggled illegally into the United States through Canada. Nick's flight attendant girlfriend. He quickly packs up the scepter in a carrying case to depart but Jack double crosses him and at gunpoint demands he hand over the scepter. Jack calls Nick to gloat and is shocked to discover that Nick has in fact double crossed him by handing him a carrying case containing a fake scepter. Richard Waugh as Sapperstien. Nick manages to elude the security guards chasing him through the sewer tunnels and escapes. Marlon Brando as Max. but was accidentally discovered and detained at the Montréal Customs House. keeps the guards and other janitor's occupied while Nick fills the enormous in-floor safe containing the scepter with water and inserts and then detonates a depth charge to blow off the door. Edward Norton as Jack Teller. pretending to be Brian. however. thief who has infiltrated the Custom's House and gained access to information regarding the security by pretending to be an intellectually disabled janitor named "Brian. the system's administrator for IronClad Security.  . Later. Jack." Nick hires his associate Steven (Jamie Harrold) to hack into the Custom Houses' security system to obtain the bypass codes allowing them to temporarily manipulate the alert protocols of the system during the heist. Nick then meets Diane at the airport as she returns from work and she happily accepts a kiss and hug from him. After making it to a bus station to flee the city. albeit foolhardy. however.
imdb.579. aintitcool. he appeared in the film Superman Returns in archive footage as Superman's father Jor-El. 2001.com/title/tt0227445/) at the Internet Movie Database • The Score (http://www. calling it "the best pure heist movie in recent years.  Reception The film received generally positive reviews with a rating of 74% fresh on rottentomatoes.S.918. org/ score/ scoretime. he expected "the kind of movie that makes people say. rottentomatoes. the worldwide total is $113.com/movies/?id=score. [2] Capone. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave it three and a half stars out of four. Norton later admitted he wasn't very fond of the script and only did the film to work with De Niro and Brando. 2007.807 USD. What Went Wrong On STEPFORD.com.com/m/1108799-score/) at Rotten Tomatoes  . edward-norton. And (Of Course) Yoda!! (http:/ / www.[3] Peter Travers. html). com/ reviews/ movie/ review. what he had to say about it was: "There's nothing you can't see coming in this flick. htm  External links • The Score (http://www.boxofficemojo. boxofficemojo. Box office raking in $19. 'I'd pay to see these guys just read from the phone book."[5] Frank Oz on the DVD commentary defends the film as one in which he desired to take risks. Combined with the foreign box office. suntimes. Capone With Frank Oz About DEATH AT A FUNERAL. [3] http:/ / www.htm) at Box Office Mojo • The Score (http://www.com August 7. Jess. rollingstone. somebody get a phone book. com/ m/ 1108799-score/ [4] http:/ / www.The Score (film)  172  Production During the production. Two years after his death. the film opened at #2 in the U. asp?mid=2042778& afl=imdb [5] http:/ / rogerebert.711. Aintitcool.  References [1] Cagle. Brando repeatedly argued with Oz and called him "Miss Piggy". Therefore.  Box office In its first opening weekend.rottentomatoes. the $68 million dollar film earned a gross domestic box office take of $71. Diane. "How To Make A Score" (http:/ / www. com/ movies/ ?id=score.107.[2] Most of the conversations between De Niro and Brando are improvised.018." However. com/ node/ 33610). dll/ article?AID=/ 20010713/ REVIEWS/ 107130305/ 1023 [6] http:/ / www. com/ apps/ pbcs. Quick.'"[4] Instead. After a July 13. they started filming with an incomplete script and used several shooting methods that are usually frowned upon in the industry. a film critic for Rolling Stone. with a 62% rating among critics from mainstream sources.[6] Angela Bassett won a NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture for her portrayal of Wells' girlfriend. including the surprise ending. Time Magazine June 16. a role he played in the original 1978 film Superman and in the 1980 sequel Superman II. This film was Brando's final completed film before his death in 2004. pointed out that when "two Don Corleones team up". behind Legally Blonde. 2001 opening.[1] Oz later blamed himself for the tension and cited his tendency to be confrontational rather than nurturing in response to Brando's acting style.
2006 (United States) 154 minutes English  Distributed by Release date(s)  Running time Language  . June 21. 2006 (Los Angeles premiere) June 28.Superman Returns  173  Superman Returns Superman Returns  Theatrical release poster Directed by Produced by Bryan Singer Bryan Singer Gilbert Adler Jon Peters Michael Dougherty Dan Harris Michael Dougherty Dan Harris Bryan Singer Superman by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster Brandon Routh Kate Bosworth Kevin Spacey James Marsden Frank Langella Eva Marie Saint Parker Posey Kal Penn Sam Huntington John Ottman John Williams (theme)  Screenplay by Story by  Based on Starring  Music by  Cinematography Newton Thomas Sigel Editing by Studio John Ottman Elliot Graham Legendary Pictures Peters Entertainment Bad Hat Harry Productions Warner Bros.
nephew of Daily Planet editor-in-chief Perry White (Frank Langella). He is crushed to death by a piano. resumes his job at the Daily Planet in Metropolis. It is a sequel to Superman (1978) and. occupied by Lois Lane who is covering the story. Kitty Kowalski). while the visual effects sequences were created by Sony Pictures Imageworks. was disappointed with the $391 million worldwide box office return. Luthor steals Kryptonite from the Metropolis Museum of Natural History. Kevin Spacey.192 Superman IV: The Quest for Peace  Superman Returns is a 2006 superhero film based on the DC Comics character Superman. returns to Earth and.[2] [3] and ignores the events of the two previous installments in the Superman film series –– Superman III (1983) and Superman IV: The Quest for Peace (1987). the film stars Brandon Routh as Superman. while Lois attempts to escape but is attacked by a henchman. Lois and Jason inadvertently board Luthor's ship and are captured after Lois decides to hold interest in the blackout story. Superman II (1980). to a lesser extent. to grow a new continental landmass in the Northern Atlantic Ocean that will cause sea levels to rise drastically. Luthor asks who Jason's father really is. but Warner Bros. Directed by Bryan Singer. Sydney. After a series of unsuccessful projects to resurrect Superman on the screen. He reveals to them his grand scheme of using one of the stolen Kryptonian crystals. Superman is attempting to minimize the destruction in Metropolis caused by the new landmass' growth when Richard arrives in a sea plane to rescue Lois and Jason." Meanwhile.081. killing billions of people. Superman soon arrives to help and then flies off to find Luthor. Perry then assigns Lois to interview Superman while Clark investigates the blackout. Lex Luthor (Kevin Spacey) was released from prison and married a rich widow to obtain her fortune upon her death. Jason (Tristan Lake Leabu). The film tells the story of the title character returning to Earth after several years of absence. Clark flies into action as Superman and stops the plane from crashing onto a baseball stadium. The world rejoices at Superman's return. Richard White (James Marsden). During his absence. Seeing Jason seemingly have a slight reaction to Kryptonite. but he has difficulty coping with Lois' fiance. The power loss interferes with the flight test of a space shuttle to be launched into space from its piggy-back mounting on an airliner. Luthor travels to the Fortress of Solitude and steals Kryptonian crystals. He subsequently learns that Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth) has won the Pulitzer Prize for her article "Why the World Doesn't Need Superman. With Superman distracted by an out-of-control vehicle (a diversion involving Luthor's henchwoman.5 million. James Marsden. and Parker Posey. and that his archenemy Lex Luthor is plotting a scheme that will destroy the United States. which Jason shoves into him. The crystal begins to create Luthor's new landmass. hired Bryan Singer to direct and develop Superman Returns in July 2004. which he has combined with the Kryptonite. Superman. Frank Langella. filming ended in November 2005. which she connects to Luthor's experiment. which he uses for an experiment that causes a power outage on the East Coast. The majority of principal photography took place at Fox Studios Australia. having failed in his quest to find surviving Kryptonians. and their son. Warner Bros.  . Meanwhile. Lois asserts that the father is Richard.Superman Returns Budget Gross revenue Preceded by [1]  174 US$209 million $391. having been missing for five years. Preceded by an extensive marketing campaign at the cost of $44. as Clark Kent. traveled to the location where astronomers believed they had discovered the remains of Krypton. He finds that his love interest Lois Lane has moved on with her life.  Plot Superman (Brandon Routh). as well as Kate Bosworth. Superman Returns was released to positive reviews and received many award nominations. thus proving that he really is Superman's son.
due to his display of superhuman strength and discomfort around Kryptonite. Superman is stabbed by Luthor with a shard of Kryptonite and falls into the ocean. Lois and Jason visit him at the hospital where Lois whispers a secret into Superman's ear and then kisses him. Spacey later said that director Singer told him to play the character as "darker and more bitter" compared to Hackman and not to use the earlier portrayal as an inspiration. Superman later awakens and flies to visit Jason. Bosworth studied Katharine Hepburn's acting. Superman discovers the landmass is filled with Kryptonite. Lois starts writing another article. For inspiration on her performance.  175  Cast • Brandon Routh as Clark Kent / Superman: The Kryptonian superhero who disguises himself as a journalist. but Spacey's version is far less campy and more serious.[13] • Tristan Lake Leabu as Jason: The son of Lois Lane. Lois makes Richard turn back to rescue Superman. since the hero comes back to find that "Lois Lane picks somebody who's very Supermanesque".[10] as well as Julia Roberts in Erin Brockovich (2000). but after it is removed they cannot penetrate his skin with their surgical tools. United Kingdom. portrayed by Valerie Perrine. Dana Reeve. Luthor and Kitty escape in their helicopter. wife of Christopher Reeve. after regaining his strength from the sun. Superman pushes the landmass into space. Canada and Australia. and friendship with the director. Superman. amongst other things. She served as a prison nurse and would give Lex his examinations[14] The character is based on Eve Teschmacher from the 1978 film. Doctors remove more Kryptonite from Superman's wound. Stephan Bender portrays teenage Clark Kent in a flashback scene. The question of whether Superman or White is Jason's father is initially unclear. Superman reassures her that he is now back to stay. reciting Jor-El's last speech to Jason as he sleeps.[8] • Kate Bosworth as Lois Lane: A reporter who works with Clark Kent at the Daily Planet. lifts the landmass after putting layers of earth between him and the Kryptonite. where he gazes down at the world once again.[9] Claire Danes and Keri Russell were reportedly considered for the role. Marsden said Richard acts as an emotional challenge for Superman. Because of his Academy Award-winning performance in Singer's film The Usual Suspects (1995). Routh had also met director Joseph "McG" Nichol for the role during pre-production of Superman: Flyby. and flies off to low orbit. but it is eventually revealed that he is the son of Superman. Spacey recommended Singer to cast Bosworth in the role because she co-starred with Spacey in Beyond the Sea (2004) as Sandra Dee.[15] [5]  .[7] To obtain the muscular physique to convincingly play Superman.[9] Spacey's version of Luthor has the same comically exaggerated vanity and pompous arrogance of the earlier Gene Hackman version as well as the same strong interest in real estate. Kitty. particularly in The Philadelphia Story (1940) and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner (1967). tosses away the crystals that Lex stole from the Fortress of Solitude. She and Luthor are stranded on a desert island when their helicopter runs out of fuel. titled “ Why the World Needs Superman” . The writers specifically had Spacey in mind for the part when writing the script. Spacey was the only actor considered for Luthor.[12] • James Marsden as Richard White: The nephew of the Daily Planet editor-in-chief Perry White and fiancé to Lois Lane. believed Routh's physical resemblance to her late husband was striking. While Superman remains in a coma. James Caviezel expressed interest in the role.[11] • Kevin Spacey as Lex Luthor: An evil genius armed with vast resources and an extensive knowledge of science who is Superman's arch nemesis.Superman Returns Meeting Luthor. but is weakened by the Kryptonite and crashes back to Earth.[6] He had coincidentally auditioned for Clark Kent in the television series Smallville. whereupon she removes the Kryptonite from his back. Routh was chosen from thousands of candidates interviewed at casting calls in the United States. Routh underwent a strict bodybuilding exercise regimen. but lost to Tom Welling. which weakens him to the point that Luthor and his henchmen are able to beat him.[4] However. unwilling to let billions of people die. and former lover of Superman. Singer believed only an unknown actor would be suitable for the part. • Parker Posey as Kitty Kowalski: Lex Luthor's henchwoman.
[29]  .[28] while the Australian Museum doubled for the Metropolis Museum of Natural History. but the idea was scrapped for being too expensive. citing it as an influence of his. Superman. cameos as Gertrude Vanderworth. Australia.[16] • Marlon Brando reprises his role of Jor-El from the 1978 film with the use of previous footage combined with computer-generated imagery. but dropped out in June 2004.[27] Scenes set in Smallville were shot at Tamworth. who portrayed Lois Lane in the television series. While in Hawaii. This required negotiations with Brando's estate for permission to have his footage used.[21] and pre-production began in November 2004.[22] By February 2005. occupying all nine sound stages. Stanford. Movie World theme park. Richard Branson cameos as the pilot of the space shuttle. principal photography lasted until November."[17] Other cast members include Frank Langella who plays Daily Planet editor Perry White. "we had access to all of the Brando footage that was shot.Superman Returns Posey was the only actress considered for the role. Warner Bros.[16]  Production Warner Bros.[19] [20] With Singer's hiring.[9] [25] Starting in late March 2005. considered shooting Superman Returns at Warner Roadshow Studios in the Gold Coast. he dropped out of X-Men: The Last Stand (2006) and also had the Logan's Run remake pushed back. Donner greeted Singer's idea with positive feedback. Dougherty's and Harris's writing. and Kal Penn as one of Luthor's henchmen. He presented the idea to Lauren Shuler Donner and her husband Richard Donner. Eva Marie Saint as Clark Kent's adoptive mother Martha Kent. Singer was most impressed with Donner's 1978 film. makes a cameo appearance as a bartender.[23] Early versions of the script contained references to the September 11 attacks before they were removed. Singer signed on to direct and develop Superman Returns. trailing off subject and swearing like a sailor. as he was preparing to leave for Hawaii on a short vacation with his X2 writers Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris. Dougherty and Harris had written six drafts of the script.[18] Sam Huntington as Daily Planet photographer Jimmy Olsen. Abrams. the 1948 serial and Atom Man vs. Singer was approached by Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures. while the start date was pushed back for two weeks. McG was signed to direct with a script by J. this could have been used as an attraction for the adjoining Warner Bros. Singer. a role originally attached to Hugh Laurie. Dougherty and Harris began to outline the film treatment. There was unused footage that had Brando reciting poems.[8] In March 2004.  176  Development Director and producer Bryan Singer conceived the storyline of "Superman returning to Earth after a five year absence" during the filming of X2 (2003). generating over $100 million into the local economy. director of Superman (1978).[26] Filming of Superman Returns in New South Wales constituted hiring thousands of local workers.[19] Superman Returns was financed 50/50 between Warner Bros. That same month. J. which had a target theatrical release date of June 2006.[19] Although he was not a comic book fan. Singer explained.[16] In July 2004. After filming. to pitch his idea for Superman Returns. Noel Neill. was commencing pre-production on Superman: Flyby. Superman Returns carried the fake working title of Red Sun during filming. Queensland. In an attempt to avoid public attention. 80% of filming took place at Fox Studios Australia.[24] Set construction started in January 2005 at Fox Studios Australia for the film's 60 setpieces. Jack Larson. who portrayed Jimmy Olsen in the 1950s television series Adventures of Superman.
after factoring in tax rebates and incentives. placed the cost at $209 million. Warner Bros.[31] ESC Entertainment was originally set to design the visual effects sequences. the budget came to $263 million.[32] A total of 1. Adding in the financial services and pay or play contracts spent since the film's development from the early 1990s. who composed the 1978 film. "it was important for me to preserve the Williams theme right down to every single note for the opening titles.[37] He was both cautious and enthusiastic to work on Superman Returns. had influenced his decision to become a musician.[41] The following October.[33] Using footage from the original Superman (1978) film as a reference point. had put the budget at $184 million. the final budget would come to $350 million. Entertainment Weekly then claimed that with worldwide marketing costs.[34] The opening credits for Superman Returns are presented in an intended recreation of the style used for Superman. Singer quoted the final budget as $204 million.Superman Returns  177  Design and effects Superman Returns was shot using Panavision's Genesis digital camera.[26] The script required a scene of A digital recreation of Marlon Brando in the film.[35]  Music Singer hired regular collaborator John Ottman as editor and film score composer months before the script was written." Ottman referred to his work on Superman Returns as a homage to." Ottman continued. but Warner Bros. Warner Bros. not a ripoff of. again to the accompaniment of John Williams' theme music.[36] Ottman said in past interviews that John Williams. computer-generated imagery was used as it would have been impossible to assemble the number of extras for the shots. "factoring in tax breaks offered in Australia".[38]  Budget Entertainment Weekly first reported that the budget for Superman Returns was at $204 million.[16] This would have made Superman Returns the most expensive film ever made at the time of its release. "Bryan [Singer] said he wouldn't even greenlight the movie if he couldn't use the John Williams music. Williams.400 visual effects shots were created.[1]  . as Superman safely delivering a Boeing 777 in a baseball park where Jor-El.[30] Production designer Guy Hendrix Dyas was influenced by Frank Lloyd Wright's Johnson Wax Headquarters for the design of the Daily Planet. A second unit crew traveled to Dodger Stadium to photograph elements that were composited into the final images. Marlon Brando was re-created by Rhythm & Hues using CGI.[1] Singer later denied this report.[40] In a July 2006 interview with Newsweek.[39] In February 2006. replaced them with the hiring of Mark Stetson from Sony Pictures Imageworks as the visual effects supervisor.
Singer noted that it could not be released as part of a DVD featurette because it was converted to IMAX 3D.065 theaters. accumulating $52. to June 28.[50] The estimated budget for Superman Returns marketing campaign was $45. The final theatrical time length ran at 154 minutes. moved the release date from June 30. Warner Bros.535.[56] To avoid early competition from Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest. the video diaries stopped for a while shortly before the teaser trailer debuted on November 17. and a lot didn't".[48] Marv Wolfman wrote a novelization.5 million.096..[53] The National Geographic Channel released The Science of Superman on June 29.[43] During production. The film ranked at the top in its opening weekend.[59] Superman Returns: An IMAX 3D Experience was released simultaneously in 111 IMAX format theatres worldwide.[54] Singer admitted at 2006 Comic-Con International that he was dissatisfied with the marketing and promotion. "A lot of people did their job. Papa John's Pizza. spanning four comic book issues.[42] Singer and screenwriters Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris came up with the idea of publishing a prequel limited series. The Superman Returns cast with members of the Red 2005. Troy Bayliss appeared in promotional "Superman" leathers and sported a cape on the podium following a win and a 2nd place at the 2006 Brands Hatch Superbike World Championship round on his way to winning that year's championship.[46] The film was also advertised with Red Bull Racing Formula One cars at the 2006 Monaco Grand Prix.[49] and Electronic Arts developed a video game based on both the movie and the comics. on the podium.2 million. due to the presence of Dead  .5 million campaign for Cars.Superman Returns  178  Release Marketing Warner Bros. Superman Returns took in $84. beating out The Matrix Revolutions (2003). with artwork by Karl Kerschl and Matt Haley. 2006: a television special that studied popular science analogies with the Superman mythos. $10 million was spent on this sequence alone. which included 20 minutes of converted 3-D film material.[58] Within five days. a new record for Warner Bros. In addition. 2006 in the United States and Canada in 4. made tie-in deals with General Mills.[55] The film's second week gross rapidly declined from the first week. 7-Eleven and Colgate. promoted Superman Returns at 2005 San Diego Comic-Con International.[55]  Box office Bryan Singer convinced Warner Bros.[57] Superman Returns was released on June 28. Pepsi. which has since been surpassed by The Dark Knight (2008).[52] NASCAR champion Jeff Gordon also sported the "Man of Steel" look by promoting the movie on his #24 Chevrolet Monte Carlo in the 2006 Pepsi 400 at Daytona International Speedway.[46] [47] DC Comics published a comics adaptation by artist Matt Haley and writer Martin Pasko. the second highest of the year behind Disney's $53. David Coulthard managed to get the team's first top three finish that day. It was the first Hollywood full length live-action film to be released in this combined format.[45] The trailer appeared in theaters on May 5. but it was deleted. Duracell. Bull Racing team 2006. Marc Andreyko and Justin Gray. showing behind-the-scenes work being done. After 27 installments. a series of "video diaries" on the Internet were released at BlueTights. He hoped it could have appeared in a IMAX reissue. he wore a Superman cape in celebration of his achievement. Doritos. Singer took out 15 minutes of footage after showing Superman Returns to some of his "trusted associates".[60] One of the key scenes Singer took out was "the Return to Krypton sequence".[51] Warner Bros. Burger King. with prints of Mission: Impossible III. not to experiment with test screenings.net [44]. The stories were written by Jimmy Palmiotti.[42] The main theatrical trailer premiered online on May 2. while the international trailer came with The Da Vinci Code and X-Men: The Last Stand.
[82] and was among the best-sellers of both formats  . as well as the documentary Look. the Academy Award winning filmmaker and screenwriter Quentin Tarantino declared his appreciation for Bryan Singer's directorial work on Superman Returns and that he is writing a 20-page review about Superman Returns.[65] Richard Corliss of Time praised Superman Returns. calling it one of the best superhero films. Proof of this is the fact that Routh hardly speaks when donning the costume. Roger Ebert argued the film was a "glum.081. and the visual effects department were nominated for categories. one with a single disk. humor. lackluster movie in which even the big effects sequences seem dutiful instead of exhilarating.[62]  179  Critical reception Based on 254 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes. "Superman Returns is near the top. writing in Rolling Stone.[75] However. earning $391.[81] The film was also released in both high definition formats." Morgenstern believed Lex Luthor's characterization was "well written by the writers and well played by Kevin Spacey".[78]  Home media Superman Returns debuted on DVD on November 28. 76% of the reviewers enjoyed the film. and categories for Direction (Bryan Singer). It offers nearly everything: romance. 2006. He also felt Bosworth.[63] while the 43 critics in its "Top Critics" group gave a 72% approval rating.Superman Returns Man's Chest and The Devil Wears Prada. Parker Posey.[76] Superman Returns also appeared on Empire magazine's 2008 list of the 500 greatest movies of all time where it was placed at number 496. and was probably cast in the role because he only physically resembles Christopher Reeve. but lost the nominations to Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest."[69] James Berardinelli reacted positively to the movie. He was mostly impressed with Singer's direction and the storyline. Metacritic received an average score of 72/100.and Blu-ray.[73] [74] The film was successful at the 33rd Saturn Awards. It's a summer blockbuster filled with mythology and sensitivity. the film was the sixth-highest grossing film of 2006. and a double-disk edition which featured over three hours of behind-the-scenes features.192 in North America and $191 million internationally. Best Actor (Brandon Routh)."[70] However. Superman Returns was ninth-highest. He also praised Newton Thomas Sigel's cinematography and Guy Hendrix Dyas's production design.[80] It debuted at the top spot of the DVD charts.[61] In worldwide totals. describing him as "more cruel and less flippant" than Hackman.[79] That same day. a 14-disc DVD box set titled Superman Ultimate Collector's Edition was released. Bosworth was also nominated a Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress.[67] Peter Travers.081.[59] Superman Returns went on to gross $200. James Marsden. if not at the top of the superhero movie pile.which featured both standard and high definitions on the same disc .[58] Domestically. Brandon Routh lacks charisma as Superman. Kate Bosworth. "There are no miscasts to be found in the supporting cast.192 worldwide. either. 2009. and the climax did not "match the potential of the tiring 154 minute long film". felt the film "perfectly updates Superman for the modern audience". He felt Spacey was better than Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor.[79] It was the best-selling title on both formats in 2006. almost three years after the debut of Superman Returns. Tristan Lake Leabu. action. comparing it favorably with Richard Donner's 1978 film.[72] Superman Returns was nominated for both the Academy Award for Visual Effects and BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects.[64] By comparison. at 22-years-old. based on 40 reviews. but observed Routh's and Bosworth's acting was "somewhat dead or super average."[71] Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle felt that Warner Bros. Hoberman of The Village Voice called it "surprisingly well made. HD DVD . Nothing special.[77] On May 3. was too young to portray Lois Lane. winning Best Fantasy Film.[68] J. containing special editions of all five Superman films. and plenty of goose bumps. should have rebooted the series along the lines of Batman Begins. Up in the Sky: The Amazing Story of Superman. receiving two versions.[66] Joe Morgenstern from The Wall Street Journal also gave a positive review. and also generated $13 million in rentals during its first week." Berardinelli said. Writing (Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris) and Music (John Ottman).
[5] Steve Head (2006-04-12). IGN.[101] but writers Dougherty and Dan Harris left in favor of  other career opportunities. Soriano (2004-11-04). com/ ew/ article/ 0. Singer dropped out of directing a remake of Logan's Run and an adaptation of The Mayor of Castro Street. Retrieved 2008-11-08. Now the plan is just to reintroduce Superman without regard to a Batman and Superman movie at all. Retrieved 2008-11-06. variety. as Superman Returns cost $209 million. html). [2] Peter T. . com/ article/ VR1117952909)."[96] Singer reacted incredulously to the studio complaints. The New York Times.  . "It didn't position the character the way he needed to be positioned. "Superman Returns" (https:/ / www. Horn explained that Superman Returns was a very successful film. was projecting for the sequel. com/ 2006/ 06/ 27/ movies/ 27supe. nytimes. com/ article/ VR1117915886). We should have had perhaps a little more action to satisfy the young male crowd. [10] Jeff Jensen (2006-06-16). with Bryan Singer reprising his directing duties. com/ life/ movies/ news/ 2004-11-04-superman-routh_x. ."[107]  References [1] Pamela McClintock (2006-10-30).[84] Brandon Routh.[94] Although Superman Returns received mostly positive reviews.[90] The "New Krypton" landmass floating in space at the end of Superman Returns would have served as a plot device. Warner Bros. President of Production Jeff Robinov reflected in August 2008. "'Superman Returns' to Save Mankind From Its Sins" (http:/ / movies. superherohype. Superhero Hype!. "Superman Returns: Casting the Man from Krypton" (http:/ / movies. com/ ct/ movies/ reviews/ 2006/ supermanreturns.. . saying. Retrieved 2008-11-06. expected Routh to reprise the title role from Superman Returns[85] before his contract for a sequel expired in 2009. "Five things you need to know about Superman Returns" (http:/ / www. Singer dropped out in favor of directing Jack the Giant Killer. Retrieved 2008-11-08.1073416.[103] Singer still listed the sequel as a priority in March 2008.[100] Filming was then pushed to March 2008. "Singer's zinger: another 'Superman'" (http:/ / www.[88] Frank Langella. "IGN Interviews Jim Caviezel" (http:/ / movies.[83]  180  Unproduced sequel In February 2006.[90] Due to his commitment. ."[97] $175 million was the maximum budget Warner Bros. with Warner Bros. html). usatoday. announced a mid-2009 theatrical release date for a sequel. IGN. . com/ news/ featuresnews.[86] Kevin Spacey.[105] However. "That movie made $400 million! I don’t know what constitutes under-performing these days. htm). and Legendary Pictures were disappointed by the film's box office return. [8] Scott Chitwood (2006-05-05). four months before the release of Superman Returns.00. [9] Cathy Dunkley (2005-01-06). featuring "other Kryptonians"[92] with Brainiac[93] and Bizarro also considered for primary villains. and a film adaptation of Battlestar Galactica.[95] Warner Bros. com/ articles/ 701/ 701420p1. variety. "Male Star of Tomorrow: Brandon Routh" (http:/ / www. President Alan F. Christianity Today.[102] The 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike pushed the release date to 2010. saying that the film was in early development.[97] Routh expected filming to begin in early 2009.[1] [98] Filming for the Superman Returns sequel was to start in mid-2007. com/ articles/ 556/ 556968p1. [4] Jeff Otto (2004-10-14). .[91] Writer Michael Dougherty wanted the sequel to be "action packed". Retrieved 2008-11-06.[104] Paul Levitz. ign.Superman Returns of 2007. php?id=4196). we would have had a movie for Christmas of this year or 2009. Entertainment Weekly.[85] Kate Bosworth. deciding to reboot the film series. "WB finds super nemesis" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-11-06.[106] "Superman Returns didn't quite work as a film in the way that we wanted it to. Retrieved 2010-04-27. ew. html). Variety.Part 4" (http:/ / www. Had Superman worked in 2006.. Variety. "New guy in the cape finds he's a snug fit" (http:/ / www. . . Chattaway (2006-06-28).[87] Sam Huntington. variety. com/ article/ VR1117939805). but that it "should have done $500 million worldwide. USA Today. president of DC Comics. Variety.. . [7] Betsy Boyd (2006-03-15). Retrieved 2010-04-27." Warner Bros. Retrieved 2008-11-07. html).[99] before Singer halted development in favor of Valkyrie. "Superman Returns Set Visit . [6] César G. . html). ign. Warner Bros. Retrieved 2008-11-06. [3] Manohla Dargis (2006-06-27).[89] and Tristan Lake Leabu were to reprise their roles. christianitytoday.
. "Superman Returns Set Visit . Retrieved 2008-11-06. "What Did Rhythm & Hues Do To Marlon Brando To Make Him Speak In SUPERMAN RETURNS? Behold!" (http:/ / www. [23] Ghostboy (2005-03-01). musicfromthemovies. com/ ew/ article/ 0. Entertainment Weekly.. Music From the Movies. .Part 1" (http:/ / www. "Superman Returns' Musical Odyssey" (http:/ / music. The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 2008-11-05. variety. cgi?id=19526).  181  . com/ article/ VR1117920593). com/ article/ VR1117938709). "Warner's men in tights" (http:/ / www. cgi?f=/ n/ a/ 2006/ 06/ 23/ entertainment/ e130933D27. com/ article/ VR1117907948). "Legendary soups up pic presence" (http:/ / www. "It's big.00.Part 7" (http:/ / www. asp?ID=355). Superhero Hype!. [31] Steve Head (2006-05-11). archive.00. X2 DVD: 20th Century Fox. "'Super' Men" (http:/ / www. variety. about. "Super Sydney". . com/ display. "Interview with James Mardsen: Marsden on "Heights. San Francisco Chronicle. ew. "Superman Returns Set Visit . variety. [13] Murray. Retrieved 2008-11-08. . com/ news/ featuresnews. [14] Superman Returns Prequel #3 (Lex Luthor) [15] Scott Chitwood (2006-05-05). Rebecca. "At the Movies: 'Superman Returns'" (http:/ / www. ign. IGN. "Superman Returns Set Visit . . com/ news/ supermannews. Retrieved 2008-07-24. [38] Spence D (2006-07-27). Variety. com/ news/ spacey-talks-superman-returns-662). variety. Retrieved 2008-11-07. [29] Scott Chitwood (2006-05-05). [37] John Ottman. "Singer's Superman ready to don cape" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-11-11. Superhero Hype!. msn. The Hollywood Reporter. Requiem for Mutants: The Score of X2. com/ article/ VR1117918296).1181161. . aintitcool. com/ news/ supermannews." and "X-Men 3"" (http:/ / movies. . [39] Staff (2006-01-19). IGN. com/ cgi-bin/ article. DTL). . "Movie News: Superman Returns" (http:/ / www. .Superman Returns [11] Scott Chitwood (2006-05-05). "Comicbook films striking up the brand" (http:/ / www. superherohype. org/ web/ 20060511205407/ http:/ / www. . Retrieved 2009-09-21. Archived from the original (http:/ / www. html). php?id=4202). Retrieved 2008-11-06. "Supe's on with 'X' man" (http:/ / www. IGN.00. it's costly. Variety. Ain't It Cool News. php?id=4193).1150506. [41] Sean Smith (2006-07-16). ew. php?id=4254). [34] Harry Knowles (2006-06-19). Superhero Hype!. [26] Jeff Jensen (2006-04-14). com/ article. [18] Steve Head (2006-04-18). sfgate. Retrieved 2008-11-07. [36] Mikael Carlsson (2004-07-20). Archived from the original (http:/ / www. com/ article/ VR1117925944)." "Superman Returns. Variety. "Super shutout: ESC cuts staff". html). "Superman Returns Set Visit . superherohype. The Northern Daily Reader. variety. com/ id/ 13528588/ site/ newsweek/ ). ign. com/ od/ heights/ a/ heightsjm060905_2. com/ article. [24] Don Groves (2005-02-21). html). com/ news/ featuresnews. Retrieved 2008-11-08. Retrieved 2008-11-08. [30] Michael Bodey (2005-11-24). com/ articles/ 715/ 715170p1.Part 5" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-11-05. com/ news/ featuresnews. superherohype. superherohype. [12] "News: Spacey Talks Superman Returns!" (http:/ / www. [28] Matt Adams (2005-01-25). . The Sydney Morning Herald. . com/ articles/ 707/ 707839p1. com/ display. Retrieved 2008-11-06. superherohype. Cathy Dunkley (2004-07-18). com/ display.. . . . "'Super' role for Langella" (http:/ / www. "Superman Returns: Daily Planet Details" (http:/ / movies. ew. [27] Jeff Andrews (2005-10-17). (2003). "Bryan Singer on Superman!" (http:/ / www. . com/ ew/ article/ 0. it's the Superman movie". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved 2010-02-04. msnbc. Variety.1204671. html). Ain't It Cool News.com. [35] Christy Lemire (2006-06-23). Retrieved 2008-11-06. latinoreview. variety. About. Entertainment Weekly. msn. Ain't It Cool News. html). [21] Pamela McClintock (2005-10-30). Superhero Hype!. Retrieved 2008-11-08. asp?ID=355) on May 11. "'Superman' flies in to the north-west". [16] Jeff Jensen (2006-06-23). . htm). Superhero Hype!. aintitcool. Retrieved 2008-11-08. Retrieved 2008-11-08. "Oz state makes 'Super' bid" (http:/ / www. html). [22] Cathy Dunkley (2004-10-19). msnbc. Variety. Newsweek. cgi?id=18653). Variety. php?id=4203). [17] Scott Chitwood (2006-05-05). Variety. aintitcool. "Greatest American Hero?" (http:/ / www. variety. . Latino Review. Retrieved 2008-11-06. "Superman gets the Singer/Ottman treatment" (http:/ / web. . 2006-06-19. Retrieved 2008-11-08. .. [33] Scott Chitwood (2006-05-05). ign.Part 6" (http:/ / www. [42] Jonathan Bing (2005-07-14). com/ articles/ 701/ 701987p1. [40] Pamela McClintock (2006-02-22). . [19] Michael Fleming. Retrieved 2008-11-06. [20] Harry Knowles (2004-10-20). Retrieved 2008-11-06. [32] Sheigh Crabtree (2004-08-18).Part 13" (http:/ / www. . "Superman Returns: The New Lex Luthor" (http:/ / movies. . php?id=4197). "Superman Returns Set Visit . . "A Flying Leap" (http:/ / web. [25] Michael Fleming (2005-04-04). archive. com/ id/ 13528588/ site/ newsweek/ ) on 2008-06-23. com/ article/ VR1117912211). com/ ew/ article/ 0. . org/ web/ 20080623065209/ http:/ / www. com/ article/ VR1117931953). Retrieved 2011-02-02. Retrieved 2008-11-08. musicfromthemovies. cgi?id=23646). Retrieved 2008-11-06. "Ghostboy Interviews Dan Harris!!" (http:/ / www. 2006. .
[73] "Superman Returns" (http:/ / awardsdatabase. Variety. DTL& type=movies). Box Office Mojo. Formula One. com/ apps/ pbcs. [44] http:/ / www. formula1. Retrieved 2009-09-21.com. . Archived from the original (http:/ / promomagazine. php?id=4379). htm). . [75] "Past Saturn Awards" (http:/ / www. com/ articles/ 710/ 710606p1. ign. Warner Bros. variety. [48] "SUPERMAN RETURNS: THE MOVIE AND MORE TALES OF THE MAN OF STEEL" (http:/ / dccomics. Retrieved 2009-09-21. com/ race/ news/ 4436/ 757. "Filmmakers resist putting pix to the test" (http:/ / www. [74] "Superman Returns" (http:/ / www. Rolling Stone. USA Today. oscars. com/ news/ supermannews. . "Super project for Imax" (http:/ / www. "Piqued by prequels" (http:/ / www. "The Gospel of Superman" (http:/ / www. "Superman Returns" (http:/ / rogerebert.Superman Returns [43] Jeff Goldsmith (2006-07-18). Box Office Mojo. com/ node/ 23943).1205367. com/ reviews/ movie/ 7222783/ review/ 10638508/ superman_returns). ReelViews. Retrieved 2008-11-08. 2006-06-12. San Francisco Chronicle. "He's Back" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-11-06. . saturnawards. . [67] Joe Morgenstern (2006-06-28). bluetights. . [58] "Superman Returns (2006)" (http:/ / www. time. [63] "Superman Returns" (http:/ / www. . dll/ article?AID=/ 20060626/ REVIEWS/ 60606009/ 1023). [64] "Superman Returns: Top Critics" (http:/ / www. British Academy of Film and Television Arts. uk/ film/ 2007/ nov/ 30/ 1). "Coulthard is Red Bull's superman" (http:/ / web. [65] "Superman Returns (2006): Reviews" (http:/ / www. . [55] Eric "Quint" Vespe (2006-07-22).net.  182  . cgi?f=/ c/ a/ 2006/ 06/ 27/ DDGTSJJOPK1. com/ movies/ ?id=superman06. html?mod=weekend_leisure_banner_left). The Guardian (London). Retrieved 2008-11-04. . Retrieved 2008-11-08. com/ m/ superman_returns). superherohype. . . [46] "Superman Soars With Over $280 MM in Tie-Ins" (http:/ / web. Variety. Ain't It Cool News. org/ web/ 20070405055445/ www. Retrieved 2008-11-08. Chicago Sun-Times. [56] Pamela McClintock (2006-07-16). html).9171. Retrieved 2008-11-06. Retrieved 2008-11-08. variety. Apple QuickTime. "High-altitude takeoff for Superman" (http:/ / www. Saturn Awards. com/ mag/ marketing_superman_soars_mm/ ) on 2007-10-28. Retrieved 2007-09-08.00. Hoberman (2006-06-20). Retrieved 2008-11-04. "SDCC: Quint on SUPERMAN RETURNS gag reel & sequel talk with Singer + SUPERMAN 2 footage with Richard Donner!!!" (http:/ / www. com/ cgi-bin/ article. . Variety. . guardian. html). Retrieved 2008-11-08. [47] "Superman Returns" (http:/ / supermanreturns. jsp?curTime=1226171983819). warnerbros. . . [49] "Superman Returns For Author Wolfman" (http:/ / www. "Superman's New Date" (http:/ / movies. apple. "Myths American" (http:/ / www. [62] "2006 Worldwide Grosses" (http:/ / www. bafta. Retrieved 2008-11-07. boxofficemojo. [54] "The Science of Superman on National Geographic Channel" (http:/ / www. Rotten Tomatoes. . html?sq=Superman+ Returns). org/ web/ 20071028162338/ http:/ / promomagazine. html). Retrieved 2008-11-07. . "Superman Returns" (http:/ / www. Superhero Hype!. org/ past. Retrieved 2008-11-07. Retrieved 2009-09-30. aintitcool. metacritic. sfgate. . archive. com/ yearly/ chart/ ?view2=worldwide& yr=2006& p=. [71] Roger Ebert (2006-06-27). 2006-06-01. . rollingstone. usatoday. org/ awards-database. Retrieved 2006-07-20. net/ php_review_template. com/ article/ VR1117940662). suntimes. com/ time/ magazine/ article/ 0. . . Retrieved 2008-11-06. comicsbulletin. rottentomatoes. Retrieved 2008-11-06. [53] "Superman Bayliss Takes Ducati's 250th World Superbike Win At Brands Hatch" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2007-10-28. David (2007-11-30). . . villagevoice. com/ article/ SB115144171019392218. htm). co. Retrieved 2006-10-04. [61] "2006 Domestic Grosses" (http:/ / www. org/ ampas_awards/ DisplayMain. [66] Richard Corliss (2006-06-18). "Saving the Day" (http:/ / online. Retrieved 2009-09-21. [60] Pamela McClintock (2006-03-30). Comics Bulletin. Rotten Tomatoes. Retrieved 2008-11-04. com/ yearly/ chart/ ?yr=2006& p=. com/ 2006-06-20/ film/ myths-american/ ). boxofficemojo. Retrieved 2008-11-06. com/ article/ VR1117946871). [52] Staff (2006-05-28).. html). [69] J. "Superman Returns" (http:/ / www. . The Village Voice. . . boxofficemojo. Ducati. jhtml?newsId=30584). ign. [57] Stax (2006-05-30). IGN. [72] Mick LaSalle (2006-06-27). Retrieved 2008-11-07. com/ dcu/ graphic_novels/ ?gn=5194).org. . [70] James Berardinelli. [50] "Superman Returns Flies Into Retailers" (http:/ / xbox360. Metacritic. com/ features/ 115147414715502. com). . Time. com/ m/ superman_returns/ ?critic=creamcrop). [51] Teather. com/ mag/ marketing_superman_soars_mm/ ). DC Comics. The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2006-06-20. com/ life/ movies/ news/ 2006-07-02-box-office-analysis_x. Box Office Mojo. ducati. net/ [45] "Superman Returns" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-11-08. wsj. [59] Scott Bowles (2006-07-03). htm). . htm). reelviews. "Fade to red" (http:/ / www. php?identifier=738). [68] Peter Travers (2006-06-22). archive. rottentomatoes. html). Retrieved 2008-11-07. com/ trailers/ wb/ supermanreturns/ ). com/ racing/ home_news_popup_racing. Promo Magazine. IGN. . com/ articles/ 746/ 746849p1. . . com/ article/ VR1117947049). htm). 2006-11-20. variety. Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Retrieved 2009-10-05. com/ film/ titles/ supermanreturns?q=Superman Returns).
org/ web/ 20071001110345/ http:/ / uk. Home Media Magazine. com/ article/ VR1117943242. Archived from the original (http:/ / uk. Retrieved 2010-12-02. com/ news/ featuresnews. superherohype. com/ news/ topnews. The Hollywood Reporter. IGN. [94] Scott Chitwood (2006-07-22). com/ reviews/ 25423/ superman-ultimate-collectors-edition/ ). collider. archive. Superhero Hype!. . Superhero Hype!. . mtv. Retrieved 2008-03-13. homemediamagazine. com/ article/ VR1117961116. MSN. html?categoryid=13& cs=1). [89] Edward Douglas (2007-11-08). Variety. com/ 500/ 1. com/ article/ VR1117968333. . honoluluadvertiser. [85] Kellvin Chavez (2008-10-09). . 2006-12-07. [78] "The Call Back" (http:/ / www. com/ articles/ 845/ 845293p1. com/ entertainment/ interviews/ article. . com/ news/ exclusive-dc-comics-president-gives-superman-update-5511). variety. . html?categoryid=13& cs=1). [87] Anne Thompson (2007-07-10). hollywoodreporter. html). [105] Josh Wigler (2009-07-06). . homemediamagazine. Variety. dvdtalk. latinoreview. html). "United Artists grabs Singer thriller" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2010-12-02. asp/ aid/ 7675/ tcid/ 1). com/ 2009/ 07/ 06/ brandon-routh-says-his-superman-contract-has-expired/ ). com/ news/ featuresnews. [77] "The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time" (http:/ / www. . 2007. Retrieved 2008-03-13. . Retrieved 2008-03-13. Samantha (2006-09-21). [81] "'Superman' Flies in at No. 2006-02-23. html?categoryid=13& cs=1). [92] Clint Morris (2010-11-05). [86] Heather Newgen (2006-06-16). com/ article/ VR1117974449. IGN. [104] Frosty (2008-04-23). hollywoodreporter. DVD Talk. asp?NID=22165). asp/ aid/ 4346/ tcid/ 1). [98] Stephen Galloway (2007-07-10). Retrieved 2008-06-29. Home Media Magazine. Empire. Retrieved 2008-08-04. [99] Michael Tsai (2006-11-08). . net/ 201033129-what-would-doughertys-superman-sequel-have-been). . php?id=5358). php?id=4658). . 2009-05-03. Moviehole. Rotten Tomatoes. "Brandon Routh Says His 'Superman' Contract Has Expired" (http:/ / splashpage. Variety. php?id=4370). com/ news/ topnews. . Superhero Hype!. [91] Michael Fleming. com/ news/ featuresnews. variety. razzies. "Superman flexes high-def muscle" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-03-13. Superhero Hype!. [100] Michael Fleming (2007-03-13). Retrieved 2009-08-14. "Brandon Routh and Bryan Singer Tease Superman Returns Sequel" (http:/ / web. rottentomatoes. com/ news/ comments/ ?entryid=380217) on October 1. [80] "Superman Ultimate Collector's Edition" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2009-09-21. "Studios are hunting the next big property" (http:/ / www. "What would Dougherty’s Superman sequel have been?" (http:/ / www.com. variety. [79] Clark. . "Superman writers won't return" (http:/ / www. com/ history/ 27thNoms. "Exclusive: DC Comics President Gives Superman Update" (http:/ / www. html?categoryid=13& cs=1). The Hollywood Reporter. "Bryan Singer – Exclusive Video Interviews at the 2007 Saturn Awards" (http:/ / www. "Frank Langella on the Return of Perry White" (http:/ / www. . html). "Inside Move: Superman playing with Singer's sked" (http:/ / www. moviehole. . . Retrieved 2008-12-31. Pamela McClintock (2006-05-15). com/ articles/ 690/ 690806p1. "Spacey set for Superman sequel" (http:/ / www. "Bryan Singer to direct 'Battlestar' film" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-03-13. com/ i/ 2007YearInReview/ 2007TopDVDs. variety. Collider. Retrieved 2008-03-13. The Honolulu Advertiser. superherohype. asp). com/ article/ CA6374288.Lie to Me" (http:/ / www. superherohype. . com/ news/ story. com/ indexes/ 2009/ 05/ 03/ style/ t/ index. [102] Marc Graser (2007-10-21). Retrieved 2008-03-13. com/ hr/ content_display/ news/ e3i7fa7a60767d78439fd3baf5904a8e717). Superhero Hype!. empireonline.  183  . rottentomatoes. com/ article/ 2006/ Nov/ 08/ br/ br0948627351. Retrieved 2008-03-13. collider. Retrieved 2008-03-13. "Huntington Signed for Two Superman Sequels" (http:/ / www. superherohype. "Superman Returns' Lois Lane. videobusiness.Superman Returns [76] "27th Annual Razzie Award Nominees for Worst Supporting Actress" (http:/ / www. com/ news/ superman-flies-no-1-10018). . pdf) (PDF). [101] "Superman Sequel Eyeing March '08 Start" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2008-03-13. Retrieved 2008-10-09. [97] Olly Richards (2008-03-12). Retrieved 2008-03-14. Retrieved 2008-03-13. empireonline. Variety. com/ news/ supermannews. msn. "WB mulls Superman redux" (http:/ / www. Video Business. The New York Times. [96] "Horn Planning Superman Sequel for 2009" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2009-09-21. Golden Raspberry Awards. asp). Retrieved 2008-03-13. Retrieved 2009-09-21. php?id=4382). php?id=4542). [90] Fred Topel (2006-11-17). com/ news/ warner-ups-hd-slate-10134). . . superherohype. . html). [83] "Best-selling DVDs of 2007" (http:/ / entimg. "Sequel to Superman Returns due in 2009" (http:/ / the. 2006-08-18. . [103] Stax (2008-01-14). Empire. ign. variety. . [82] "Warner Ups HD Slate" (http:/ / www. . "JLA Deadline Looms" (http:/ / movies. [93] Frosty (2007-05-11). [84] "Studio Sets Super Sequels" (http:/ / movies. "Exclusive: Singer on Superman Sequel & DVD" (http:/ / www. . html#pageName=03tarani). ign. MTV News. superherohype. 1" (http:/ / www. Latino Review. com/ hr/ content_display/ film/ news/ e3if727c623f03c782b8ad564866c828796). Retrieved 2009-02-15. php?id=6509). Variety. . 2007-01-08. Retrieved 2008-11-08. nytimes. Retrieved 2008-03-13. [106] Borys Kit (2009-08-13). Retrieved 2009-09-21. "Singer Talks Superman Returns Sequel" (http:/ / www. [95] Pamela McClintock (2006-08-13). . com/ article/ VR1117948368. . 2007-03-19. Collider. com/ entertainment/ interviews/ article. . html?categoryid=13& cs=1). "Brandon Routh Exclusive Video Interview . . Kate Bosworth" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2009-09-29. com/ news/ comments/ ?entryid=380217). [88] Heather Newgen (2006-06-09). Superhero Hype!. Retrieved 2008-03-13.com. Retrieved 2008-03-13.
imdb.superherohype. Superman Returns. (2008-08-22).com/work/316298) at Allmovie Superman Returns (http://www. • Marv Wolfman. Comic book prequel to the film.Superman Returns [107] Schuker.  External links • • • • • • • Official website (http://http://supermanreturns. DC Comics. Justin Gray.allmovie. The Wall Street Journal.com/news/supermannews.supermans-shop. ISBN 0811853446.com/movies/?id=superman06. Retrieved 2008-10-22. ISBN 0446606529.warnerbros.htm) at Box Office Mojo Bryan Singer's video journals (http://www. ISBN 978-0756620660. .rottentomatoes. Superman Returns: The Visual Guide.E. Hachette Book Group USA. • Daniel Wallace. com/ article/ SB121936107614461929.  184  Further reading • Jimmy Palmiotti. Bigger Movies" (http:/ / online.boxofficemojo. Superman Returns: The Prequels.html)  . Chronicle Books.php?categoryid=23) Pictures of filming in Tamworth.net/index.com/m/superman_returns/) at Rotten Tomatoes Superman Returns (http://www.bluetights. Australia (http://www. The Art of Superman Returns. wsj. ISBN 1401211461.com/) Superman Returns (http://www.  php?id=2726) • Superman logo evolution (http://www. Marc Andreyko (October 2006). the Novelization. • Daniel Wallace. Lauren A. html?mod=googlenews_wsj).com/superman-logo-history.com/title/tt0348150/) at the Internet Movie Database Superman Returns (http://www. "Warner Bets on Fewer. DK Children.
Marshall Clifton James John Williams Ken Thorne (additional)  Produced by Screenplay by  Story by Based on Starring  Music by  Cinematography Geoffrey Unsworth (Donner footage) Robert Paynter (Lester footage)  .G.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut  185  Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut  DVD cover art Directed by Richard Donner Richard Lester (uncredited) Pierre Spengler Michael Thau (2006) Mario Puzo David Newman Leslie Newman Robert Benton (uncredited) Tom Mankiewicz (creative consultant) Mario Puzo Superman by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster Gene Hackman Christopher Reeve Marlon Brando Margot Kidder Terence Stamp Sarah Douglas Jack O'Halloran Jackie Cooper Marc McClure Ned Beatty Valerie Perrine E.
Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut Editing by Stuart Baird Michael Thau (Donner footage) John Victor-Smith (Lester footage) Warner Bros. The cut was supervised by Donner. Following the release of Superman in December 1978.They have to want me to do it. despite both versions following roughly the same storyline. I mean control. Certain footage filmed by Richard Lester remains in sequences that were not shot by Donner (due to the halt in production for this film) for purposes of story cohesion. the producers (Alexander and Ilya Salkind) announced that Marlon Brando's completed scenes for Superman II would be excised from the movie in order for them to avoid having to pay the actor the reported 11. Margot Kidder and Marlon Brando. Superman II. approximately 83% of the footage in the film is Donner's footage. Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut is a very different film. after having to postpone the original summer 1978 release date for Superman due to an extended shoot. Some of the existing scenes were also replaced with alternate takes or footage from different camera angles. director Richard Donner set about simultaneously filming an epic two-part adaptation of the Superman comic book series.000 (Superman II) + (2006 Restoration) Superman  186  Distributed by Release date(s) Running time Language Budget Preceded by  Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut is a 2006 re-edit of the 1980 superhero film. and Michael Thau.75%[2] of gross U. The April 1978 issue of the sci-fi magazine Starburst quotes Donner as saying.S. November 28. As much as half of the film contains never-before seen material filmed by Donner. Terence Stamp. HD DVD and Blu-ray Disc on November 28. "That means no games. Most importantly. However. It stars Gene Hackman.. Unlike many "special edition" and "director's cuts" released over the years. an editor who worked with Donner on the 2001 DVD director's cut and restoration of the 1978 film Superman. it was widely assumed that Donner would be recalled to complete the remainder of the sequel. box-office takings he was now demanding for his performance in the sequel. With 80% of Superman II photographed. Richard Donner is credited as director of the film instead of Richard Lester. 2006. as the theatrical cut was only released on DVD. announcing that he would make the film his way or not at all. As a result.  History In 1977." .000. The film was released on DVD. who shot a large part of the original movie before being replaced as director by Richard Lester. filming on Superman II was suspended in October 1977 so that Donner could focus on completing the first film. 2006 116 minutes English $54. There are also several newly-filmed shots and many new visual effects. Donner publicly lambasted this decision. Christopher Reeve. It has to be on my terms and I don't mean financially. a number of events led to Donner's eventual replacement as director of the movie. It is the only version of Superman II to be released on HD DVD and Blu-ray format. More than half of Lester's footage filmed for Superman II has been removed from the film and replaced with Donner footage shot during the original principal photography from 1977. creative consultant Tom Mankiewicz (who penned the 1977 shooting script for Superman II. Some of this "new" material has appeared in earlier extended television cuts.[1] on which the Donner cut is based). including 15 minutes of Marlon Brando scenes as Superman's father Jor-El as well as numerous new Christopher Reeve and Margot Kidder scenes.. by Richard Donner.
In the commentary track on the 2006 DVD release of the theatrical version of Superman II. Ultimately. writers David & Leslie Newman were re-hired by the producers to re-write the Superman II script. nor a schedule. It was this Mankiewicz script that was then filmed by Donner in 1977-78. For example. 1979. and completely re-writing much of the dialogue. prior to Donner's hiring as director. removing and altering major scenes.'" 187  A replacement director Lester had served as mediator (or uncredited co-producer) between the Salkinds and Donner for a large part of the initial shoot. Donner himself would not return to direct. Donner declared that if Spengler remained on the picture. for whatever reason.K. who. the Salkinds decided to replace Donner with U. Mankiewicz's 1977 re-write removed this scene entirely. the Newmans did this by making Superman II as similar as possible to the 1976 script they had originally written before Mankiewicz and Donner came on board. In the same commentary. but. Suspicions abounded at the time that Lester was being primed for taking over the film. Tom Mankiewicz. with much of Donner's filmed Superman II footage excised. In 1989. while the Salkinds and Lester commissioned fellow Musketeers alum Ken Thorne to re-use Williams' themes. 'Your services are no longer needed. in the original Newman draft." The situation was further complicated by the deaths of cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth on October 28. with whom they had worked on two successful Musketeers films. demands to which the Salkinds weren't willing to agree. although at the beginning of an AMC widescreen telecast of Superman II. The same can be said for several crucial Newman / Benton scenes. even though most of it had already been filmed. Both Superman scripts were originally written by The Godfather writer Mario Puzo. who would later go on to direct Executive Decision. and on March 15. Then. and then re-written in 1976 by screenwriters David & Leslie Newman and Robert Benton. including Lois's deliberate jump into a river near Niagara Falls (removed by Mankiewicz – reinserted by the  . When Donner came on board in January 1977. Ilya Salkind states the removal of Spengler was allegedly one of many demands made by Donner. a key Donner ally who had re-written both Superman scripts to comply with Donner's directive to make the features more realistic and less camp. Superman II had to contain at least 51% of his footage.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut Tensions had existed between the Salkinds and Richard Donner throughout the almost nineteen months of filming it had taken to complete Superman and most of Superman II. Lester himself has never fully commented on his role in the controversial production of Superman II and has refused any involvement with the 2006 DVD re-releases. I got a telegram that said. also wanted final cut of the film and more control over the production. The situation finally came to a head. "… the Salkinds. The producers blamed the director for going wildly over budget and schedule. albeit shifting the location to Paris. Following Donner's (and Mankiewicz's) removal. Superman II begins with terrorists seizing a building in New York. This meant that large portions of the film were subsequently re-written and re-shot by Lester. Donner told Starlog magazine. Richard Lester's first day as director of Superman II. despite Donner's determination to complete the project at all costs and Lester's assurances to the contrary. who died on June 1. An alternate Superman II In order for Richard Lester to earn a directorial credit on the film. 1978 and production designer John Barry. After I waited to hear for six or eight weeks. Scenes that had been most altered by Mankiewicz in 1977 were subject to the greatest revisions. as did editor Stuart Baird. Mankiewicz made numerous and considerable changes to both screenplays. 1979. chose not to bring me back. the Newmans re-inserted the scene. Lester acknowledged that the sequel was indeed "his film.-based director Richard Lester. Composer John Williams also turned his attention to other projects. Donner claims he was never given a budget. he claimed. declined to return without Donner. such as Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back and Raiders of the Lost Ark. co-producer Pierre Spengler recounts that Donner was indeed invited to return to complete the film as director. he insisted on bringing in screenwriter Tom Mankiewicz to re-write the script. according to an Army Archerd/Variety magazine interview.
In numerous scenes. Much of this interweaving was necessitated by Lex Luthor actor Gene Hackman's refusal to return to film any further scenes with Lester. almost all of Donner's Superman II footage would have been scrapped. producer Ilya Salkind conceded that Lester did not share the same passion for the material as had his predecessor Richard Donner. Superman III was directed entirely by Lester. This is most evident during a scene in which the super-villains burst into the Daily Planet. a body double was used for wide shots re-filmed by Lester. Hackman was merely unavailable to return to shoot his remaining scenes for the final Lester cut. Approximately 30% of Lester's Superman II is Richard Donner footage. Lester's main task in completing Superman II was to film cheaply and quickly. as certain scenes were hastily re-written and shot. despite the actors looking physically different.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut Newmans). Clark revealing he is Superman by not burning his hand (re-written by Mankiewicz to have Lois trick Clark by firing a gun with a blank bullet at him – reinserted by the Newmans). inserting certain newly-filmed shots into pre-existing material.) One of the early changes made for the final Lester cut was the elimination of any scenes involving Marlon Brando. As it was. A considerable amount of cut Newman / Benton dialogue was also reinserted by the Newmans. to avoid further budget or scheduling overruns. but condemned by Donner as severely flawed. 1981 in the United States. In several instances. 1980 and was released in Europe and Australia on December 4. This version of Superman II combined Donner footage shot in 1977 with Lester footage shot in 1979. the theatrical Superman II interweaves footage filmed years apart. Thus. costumes. the Newmans' campier take on Superman coupled with Lester's more comically-oriented sense of direction led to a Superman II that was a huge box office and critical success. According to many of the cast and crew. this entailed a noticeable drop in the quality of filmmaking. 1980 and June 19. (According to Ilya Salkind's 2006 DVD commentary track for Superman II. almost word-for-word into the re-re-revised Superman II script..  188  The 1980 theatrical Superman II Filming was completed for Lester's Superman II on March 10. Ultimately. It has been suggested that if Gene Hackman (who had completed all of his scenes for Superman II under Donner) had returned for any further filming without Donner. etc.  . Lester re-staged Donner-filmed scenes. although in certain scenes. The scene was filmed in its entirety by Donner in 1977. the actors placed in exactly the same positions. and new material filmed and inserted into the final film.. Lester has often been vilified by Superman purists who link his assumption of the directorial reins with a general downward spiral in the quality of the Christopher Reeve Superman films. e. all Hackman footage in the film is Donner's. The Perry White office set was then partly re-built under Lester in 1979. only the Gene Hackman Donner footage – as well as Donner footage deemed too expensive to re-shoot – was destined to remain in the finished film. In a June 2006 interview with Hotdog Magazine.g. even going so far as to re-shoot the scene where Jor-El takes the green crystal and laying into the starship. as millions of dollars would have been paid to Brando for the inclusion of these scenes.
• The villains burst into the Daily Planet and chase after Superman (some close-ups are Lester footage). numerous letter-writing and other campaigns were instigated to persuade Warner Bros. the ice cream being blown off of a cone and into someone's face. this explains its survival when the device is destroyed. (In fact. Several comedic sight gags follow.  . who absentmindedly places it aside without returning it to its chamber. in the later movies Superman IV: The Quest for Peace as well as Superman Returns. with the device destroyed. perfectly functional." • A powerless Clark is beaten up by Rocky. • The three super-villains land on the moon and kill the astronauts. supposedly allowing Kent to use it to reverse his loss of Superman's powers. a truck driver in a fast-food diner (Donner appears as an extra in this sequence). as well as extra scenes between Lois and Superman. to allow Richard Donner to create his version of Superman II. Examples of this trademark comedy are evident during scenes which feature Superman fighting the super-villains in Metropolis.  Superman II controversies and plot holes Critics of Lester's Superman II. the hologram of Lara flatly states that the process is irreversible in the first place. The villains attack the citizens of Metropolis using super-breath. a man with an umbrella being spun around as if dancing (parodying Singin' in the Rain) and a man on roller-skates rolling uncontrollably backwards across the pavement. the fan-restored DVD known as Superman II: Restored International Cut was released. • The second part of the final scene at the Fortress of Solitude. including the escape by balloon. but there is no indication as to how this is possible without the device itself. Discussions about lost Donner footage have been raging for years. In addition. including Donner. This lack of any explanation whatsoever as to how Superman regained his powers was frustrating to audiences. some part of the scenes at Niagara Falls. One particular plot hole that has frustrated the film's fans involves the transition from a powerless Clark Kent finding the green crystal at the abandoned Fortress of Solitude to a restored Superman's return to the Daily Planet to fight the super-villains.[3] It featured extended scenes shown in various television broadcasts over the years and helped bring much publicity to the cause when Warner Bros. In 2005. no explanation was provided as to how it was able to function later when Luthor activates it to strip the three villains of their powers. have stated that Lester's penchant for comedy undermined the integrity of the film. threatened legal action over the bootleg release. • Lex Luthor visits the super-villains in the White House. especially when compared to Donner's Superman. The rest of the film. a man being blown over in a telephone booth and talking the whole time. including the opening scenes at the Eiffel Tower. the scenes of the super-villains in Midwest America and the battle in Metropolis were all shot by Lester. • Lex Luthor at the Fortress of Solitude. beginning with Luthor's belated arrival (some close-ups are Lester footage). Lester shot a workaround scene where Superman shows the green crystal to Lois Lane. • The three super-villains attack the White House and force the President to "kneel before Zod. • Clark returns to the diner and gets his revenge on the truck driver. These have largely featured additional Donner material including footage of Superman destroying the Fortress of Solitude at the conclusion of the film. the device returned.) Furthermore. including the wind blowing off a man's toupee. and with the advent of the internet. • The villains return to the Planet and decide to go to Superman's polar fortress (some close-ups are Lester footage).Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut  189  Donner footage in Superman II The following is a list of all major Donner footage that was retained for Superman II: • Lex Luthor in prison. Several television stations have broadcast extended cuts over the years.
The arrest of the three super-villains is deleted. In this opening. Most of the battle scenes between Superman and the super-villains had yet to be shot. All scenes featuring Marlon Brando. Marlon Brando is given third billing. instead of the flying white titles used in Lester's cut. which in many cases replace scenes re-filmed or altered by Richard Lester. a text reads. The film is simply titled as just Superman II and not "The Richard Donner Cut". All scenes in the Daily Planet and most scenes set in the Fortress of Solitude were completed. • Main Title sequence. Ned Beatty. during which Zod announces his takeover of the Earth from the tip of the Washington Monument. Several minor scenes including a love-struck Superman deliberately tilting over the Leaning Tower of Pisa (later adapted in Superman III) and a scene in which Superman warns off some English fox-hunters were also not filmed.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut  190  The Richard Donner Cut When filming was suspended on Donner's Superman II in October 1977. The scene is re-edited with different close-ups. • A text appears dedicating the film to Christopher Reeve. and fly to the moon. The music is credited to John Williams.C. and features several  .  The Mankiewicz script / original Donner shoot The following is a list detailing restored or differing scenes from Superman II that appear in the Richard Donner Cut: • Before the company logos appear at the beginning of the film. • The super-villains are freed from the Phantom Zone by the exploding nuclear missile. before the main title. This sequence was filmed by Donner. Jackie Cooper. and later shows this to Clark. we see Lois trying to figure out the similarities between Clark Kent and Superman. • Reprise of the Superman ending. as well as both the interiors and exteriors at Niagara Falls. the director had completed almost all of the major character-based sequences in the film. • The villains' travel through space towards Earth is shown alongside Kal-El's own travel pod several times. Different shots and angles have been used to those in Superman. In the original Superman. She draws over Superman's picture in the newspaper. Lex places the Kryptonite necklace on Superman and pushes him into the swimming pool. These include the original opening of the film set in the offices of the Daily Planet. after Gene Hackman and Christopher Reeve. and then Lois testing Clark / Superman by jumping off the balcony of one floor of the Daily Planet (a revised version of this scene appears in the Lester theatrical cut). Zod shouts "FREE!" This is a combination of Donner footage and new effects. The missiles are launched. Richard Donner is also credited as director for the first time and also "A Richard Donner Film" is credited. she jumps out of the window to prove that Clark is Superman. Superman reprise. What remained to be filmed was the villains' arrival on Earth. whose score from Superman is reused in the film. • Interior of the Daily Planet. The new film features most of the completed never-before-seen scenes (some scenes have been deleted for narrative/dramatic reasons). there had been just one fleeting glimpse of the diamond-shaped "Phantom Zone" window during Kal-El's trip to Earth. "The following film represents Superman II the way it was originally conceived and intended to be filmed." • Opening logos. Valerie Perrine and Gene Hackman were also completed. and their rampage through mid-west America as well as exteriors at Washington D. The credits are now in the form as the ones used in Superman with the blue letters zooming into space. At his denial. but Jor-El's role in proceedings is restored. Lois glances at Clark and seemingly sees his resemblance to Superman for the first time. A modern day digital Warner Bros. Eve rescues Superman and he hurls the nuclear missile into space. logo plays followed by the DC Comics logo. followed by Perry White assigning Clark and Lois on the honeymoon racket in Niagara Falls. Some scenes were taken from screen tests of scenes we were unable to shoot. • Pre-credits. as he was not brought back for the soundtrack recording of Superman II. and had originally been intended as a cliffhanger-ending to Superman.
Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut new effects of Clark zooming through the Daily Planet and using his super-breath and heat vision to break Lois' fall. Lester's opening at the Daily Planet and the Eiffel Tower sequence has been deleted. • Luthor and Otis in prison. This Donner scene featured in Lester's Superman II, with different shots being used in the new version. Extended to include a scene in which Otis tries to pass on a rumor about a fellow inmate being a bed-wetter, only to pass it on to said inmate (this footage was used in at least one broadcast of the film on the ABC Network in the early 1980s). • The super-villains land on the Moon and kill the astronauts. This Donner scene is featured in Lester's Superman II. Footage of Houston control was never filmed by Donner, and Lester material is used in the Donner Cut, albeit heavily re-edited. The scenes on the Moon are re-colored to a darker blue tone to give it a more space look. The camera also spins when the villains fly from the Moon, instead of the original pan-up. The soundtrack in Donner's cut does not feature the echo-treated percussion effects heard in Lester's. • Luthor's escape from prison by balloon; This Donner footage was featured in Lester's Superman II but is expanded here to include more banter between Lex and Otis and Lex and Eve. Arctic daytime background plates, which are featured in the Lester cut, are replaced with nighttime city background plates. • Niagara Falls interiors; the honeymoon couple arrive at the bungalow. Heavily-truncated version of Lester's scene features in the Donner Cut, which cuts away just as Lois is about go through the door into the honeymoon suite. • Luthor and Eve head north; This scene, filmed by Donner, is not in the cut, but is in a deleted scenes section on the DVD. • Luthor and Eve arrive at the Fortress of Solitude; Lester's footage of Superman's mother and the Kryptonian elders has been removed from this Donner scene. Instead, Brando's Jor-El now informs Luthor of the existence of the super-villains. This scene has been extended to feature new sequences of Luthor and Eve's arrival at the fortress, with extended dialogue throughout the sequence. The original release contained a joke about Miss Teschmacher not having had a chance to visit a restroom for two days. The new release "completes" that joke by featuring an off-screen sound of a flush and Miss Teschmacher announcing, "I found it!" • Niagara Falls exteriors; Clark gets a hot dog. Superman rescues a small boy. Donner never filmed these scenes, so Lester's footage (largely similar to original script) is used here. However, Lester's footage of Lois' later deliberate jump into the river to prove that Clark is Superman has been removed (having been accomplished earlier by the jumping-out-the building scene), as well as the scene where Superman lands and Clark returns with the hot dogs. (A couple of continuity issues are seen. First, Lois takes off Clark's glasses to wipe away the mist from the falls, and sees the resemblance to Superman, now seemingly for the first time. In the original version, this fit the Lester cut. In the new version, it is a non sequitur, as Lois had already explored that notion earlier in the Donner footage. Another oddity has Lois asking Clark to get some orange juice, "freshly squeezed" they say together, with Clark adding, "I know." This apparent non sequitur refers to an earlier Lester scene at the Planet, in which Lois, cigarette in mouth, was making freshly squeezed juice, a scene not retained for this version.) • Exteriors; Luthor and Eve head back south in the Snowmobile, while Luthor plots and schemes. This scene is not in the film, but is featured in a deleted-scenes section on the Donner Cut DVD. • Niagara Falls bungalow interiors; Lois fires a handgun at Clark, who admits his true identity, then Lois reveals that she used a blank cartridge. This scene was never filmed, but one of the original Donner-directed Kidder screen tests, which played out this scene with Reeve, is used. This can be made out by Clark's distinctly different hairstyle and glasses, and slimmer physique. Close-ups from one of Reeve's tests, in which he played the same scenes with Holly Palance as Lois, are edited in; there are continuity issues as Clark's glasses alternate from smaller/black-rimmed to the larger frames worn throughout the film. Lester's sequence featuring Clark burning his hand in the fireplace has been deleted. • The villains arrive in Midwestern America, and meet the rangers; Donner never filmed this scene, thus Lester footage is used here. In Lester's version, part of the dialogue intended for this scene was transferred to the army
191
Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut general in the small town. The Donner cut features heavily re-edited versions of the scene, removing Ursa's arm-wrestling gag from the Lester film, Non killing a boy and Ursa's statement that the boy will never become a man. Throughout this sequence in the Lester version, Non struggles with limited effect to replicate the "lasers from eyes" power that his companions are using. All comedic aspects of the Non character have been removed in the Donner version; this also includes him tearing the siren light from the police car roof, and appearing confused when it stops flashing. • Fortress of Solitude interiors; Superman discusses his dual identity with Lois, and then they make love for the first time. Lester footage is mostly used here. The scene of Superman flying to the tropics to pick up dinner is removed; however, the flowers he picked in the rainforest are still displayed on the dining table. • Washington monument destroyed, featuring new CGI effects footage; The super-villains fly into Washington, D.C. as the Washington monument crumbles. Footage of the President and his council watching these events on TV replaces Lester version in which Mount Rushmore is vandalized, the actual faces replaced with those of the villains (the fourth being simply destroyed). • Fortress of Solitude Interiors: Jor-El warns Superman of the dangers of falling in love. Superman gives up his powers and becomes a mortal. Lois appears in this scene wearing only Superman's shirt and socks. Of note is that Lois is never viewed in close-up in this scene. It remains unclear whether this was an editing choice, or whether the close-up was lost/destroyed or never filmed by Donner. Lester's re-shoot of this scene is scrapped entirely. There are none of the special effects "stripping" Superman's face away layer by layer, or of his Superman costume fading away and leaving him, in civilian clothing. In Donner's footage, he wears civilian clothing throughout the scene (even briefly flying across the Fortress in them), and the process in the molecular chamber is visually uneventful. In Lester's footage, there was a clear difference in lighting effects between the chamber as it originally worked (intense red light inside the chamber only) and after Superman reconfigured it (red light all over the Fortress). In Donner's footage, there is less of a noticeable difference, as red lighting is all around in both scenes. Significantly (especially with respect to Superman Returns), Lois and Superman make love before he loses his super-powers, opposite of the original version's sequence of events. This new edited scene has now caused major fan controversy over the Donner cut. • The villains attack the White House and force the President to kneel before Zod; this Donner-filmed scene was featured in Lester's Superman II. The new cut features extended footage making the scene more violent, including a scene in which Zod uses a machine gun. • Exteriors. Lois and Clark drive toward the diner. The Donner Cut features a car on a snowy mountain road; in Lester's cut they are past the snowy region. In the Lester cut, as they arrive at the diner, after Clark grumbles that "It sure takes longer when you can't fly", and exits the car, he goes on to whine about his back being stiff from the long drive. That last complaint is omitted from the Donner cut. It is nevertheless apparent that the former Superman has actually become the nebbish Clark Kent personality he once pretended to be, and Lois, as the stronger personality, must literally lead him by the hand. • Clark is beaten up inside the diner by a truck driver named Rocky, and hears the President relinquish his powers to Zod. This Donner-filmed scene featured in Lester's Superman II. • Luthor visits the villains inside the White House and offers them the son of Jor-El; this Donner-filmed scene featured in Lester's Superman II. This scene is now featured before Clark's return to the Fortress of Solitude, contrary to Lester's version. Also, Luthor sarcastically says to Zod that Superman is the son of a baseball player named Jor-El. • A bruised Clark arrives at the Fortress of Solitude and screams for his father, after which he discovers the green crystal which he uses to reactivate the Fortress. Jor-El appears (both in his normal disembodied head form and in full corporeal form), and 'dies' in order to restore his son's powers. The full meaning of Jor-El's somewhat cryptic statement in Superman, that "The son becomes the father and the father becomes the son", finally becomes clear.
192
Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut • The Daily Planet interiors; Lois, Perry and Jimmy Olsen wait for Superman. A new Donner scene in which Perry White paces around replaces a similar re-filmed Lester scene. The villains burst into the Daily Planet. After knocking Perry out, Non is blinded by the flash of Jimmy's camera before reaching over and crushing it. Luthor's line about the villains' inability to use a doorknob - retained in the Lester cut - is removed. Many of these Donner scenes featured in Lester's Superman II, though certain shots were re-filmed by Lester. In the Lester shots, Jimmy Olsen's curly hair is noticeably thicker on top, and Lois's hairstyle is straighter. They alternated with Donner shots featuring Gene Hackman. • Superman arrives at the Daily Planet stating, "General, haven't you ever heard of freedom of the press?" deleting the original, more aggressive line: "General, would you care to step outside?". The Lester version, however, was a more close-up shot, and the "Freedom of the press" line sounds like an overdub. This was possibly done to avoid a repeat of the gag of characters "stepping outside" through a highrise window - made necessary because of the inclusion of the original Donner segment of Lois testing Clark by stepping out the Daily Planet window at the beginning of the film. • Superman and the super-villains fight in Metropolis. Superman flees the city. Most of these scenes were never filmed by Donner. The new cut combines Lester footage (re-edited to remove slapstick sight-gags, although the backwards roller skater highlighted in the Lester version is still briefly visible in one shot), original Donner footage, and new special-effects sequences. Lester scenes featuring Lois leaning out of the office window with a rather insensitive female co-worker have been replaced with original Donner footage. Another notable added scene is Superman crashing on the Statue of Liberty's torch after being kicked by Zod. An additional scene shows Ursa taunting Superman about hitting a woman. Another added scene is Jimmy re-entering the office with Perry's coffee and Lex stealing it out of his hand. Jimmy argues that the coffee was "the Chief's" and Lex counters calmly with "The Chief's got it." • The super-villains return to the Daily Planet. Luthor offers them Superman's home address now in exchange for Cuba. These Donner scenes featured in Lester's Superman II, though certain shots were re-filmed by Lester. The Lester shot where Ursa seizes Lois is omitted and is replaced by Zod asking Luthor if he would like anything more to which Luthor replies, "Cuba." • The group arrives at the Fortress of Solitude, and the super-villains break through its defenses. This Donner footage has only ever been seen in rare extended television cuts. This scene is not in the Donner Cut, but is in the deleted scenes section on the DVD. • Body-double scenes for Hackman's Lex Luthor (facing away from the camera, with overdubbed voice) were excluded from the new version. Lester's battle scene in which Superman throws his "S" at Non and transforms into many different holograms is replaced with Donner's scene of Superman simply trying to negotiate with Zod. • Superman tricks the villains into losing their powers. Superman crushes Zod's hand. Lester's Superman II contained this Donner footage, though certain shots were Lester inserts (Lois Lane has noticeably different hair and make-up in the Lester re-shoots). • Luthor is taken away by the Arctic patrol, while trying to plead with Superman to not let them take him back to prison, counting down the percentages he could offer him from 3-2-1. Superman shouts, "Blast off!" In wider shots the three powerless Kryptonians are also seen being taken away by the police. This Donner footage has only ever been seen in rare extended television cuts. This scene is not in the Donner Cut, but is in the deleted scenes section on the DVD. • Superman destroys the Fortress of Solitude. This Donner footage has only ever been seen in rare extended television cuts. • Outside the Fortress, Lois and Superman agree to end their relationship. This Donner footage has only ever been seen in rare extended television cuts, and here is trimmed and re-edited. The kiss scene was also featured on the back of the theatrical Superman II DVD case which was released in 2000.
193
Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut • Superman takes a weeping Lois home, where Superman says a final goodbye to Lois. This Donner footage has only ever been seen in rare extended television cuts. Only the end shot where Superman leaves the roof was shown in Lester's Superman II. • Superman turns back time to reverse the devastation of the planet by the super-villains, re-imprison them in the Phantom Zone, resurrect the destroyed Fortress of Solitude (not shown in film), and wipe Lois' memory of Superman's secret identity. Part of this sequence was used as the ending for Donner's first Superman film, but no replacement scene was written. Includes previously unseen footage of Jackie Cooper as Perry White brushing his teeth. • Although the "turning back time" sequence appears to be a rehash of the original film's ending, the original plan was to have a cliff-hanger ending on Superman and, as Donner notes in the DVD special, have the turning-back-time sequence conclude Superman II. (Lester concluded II with the "kiss of forgetting"; in the DVD extras Michael Thau states that Creative Consultant Tom Mankiewicz believed "Clark should never kiss Lois, only Superman should kiss Lois". Mankiewicz himself would state this opinion also in the DVD's commentary track). A confusing paradox is created, as the villain's prison in the Donner cut was destroyed by the Superman missile (not the Lester Eiffel elevator bomb); hence, turning back time to this point would seemingly allow the prison to be struck by the missile again, releasing the villains and starting the chain of events all over again. • The Daily Planet interiors; Lois has a feeling she may have missed something important, and asks Clark to get her a pizza (the Lester cut had her asking for a hamburger). Perry also pantomimes a sense of puzzled deja vu as he reads the paper. • The Daily Planet interiors; Clark bumps into Jimmy, then into a rude man, reminding him of unfinished business (see below). This Donner footage has only ever been seen in rare extended television cuts. This scene is not in the Donner Cut, but is available to view in a deleted scenes section on the DVD. • Clark gets his revenge on the truck driver in the diner. This Donner-filmed scene was featured in Lester's Superman II. The inclusion of this scene in the Donner Cut creates a continuity error as references are made to a previous encounter which the patrons remember, even though Superman has turned back time. • The scene where Superman returns the U.S. Flag to the White House and apologizes to the President has been deleted. In the DVD specials, Mr. Thau concedes that it is a nice, patriotic ending, but would be at odds with Superman having turned back time. • The text stating "Coming Soon: Superman III" is deleted.
194
Creating the Donner Cut
“
The fans pounded at Warner Brothers....emails and home video and the head of the studio, and so Warners finally...called me up and said 'What do you think?' and I said 'Well, let's see what we can find.'
”
— Donner Cut editor/producer Michael Thau telling a reporter from IESB in July 2006 that the film had come about largely as a result of fan pressure. The prospect of creating a Richard Donner cut of Superman II did not begin to gain momentum until the 2001 restoration of Superman for DVD. At this time, six tons of footage for Superman and six tons of footage for Superman II was discovered in vaults in England by Michael Thau, including much "lost" footage filmed by Richard Donner. Soon after, Donner was approached by Warner Bros. to do an extended version of Superman II, but remained reluctant to revisit the movie. In May 2001, he told the website IGN, "At the time, the studio wanted me to go back in and re-cut the film and add anything I wanted to add or do anything I wanted to do. Quite honestly, I was done with it. I was finished." Nonetheless, fans continued to campaign for the film. Ultimately, three websites were instrumental in creating the momentum that finally led to the creation of the Donner cut. The first was Capedwonder.com, run by Superman
rather than simply featuring new material. It was not until legal negotiations surrounding the use of certain Brando footage in the film Superman Returns that the key issue of whether Brando's filmed Superman II footage could be used was resolved. the Planet of the Apes fansite TheForbidden-Zone. Donner told the website Dark Horizons. a different style. I mean it was a different way. I'm not doing it. In an interview with the magazine Movie Magic. the website Supermancinema. However." Other than Donner's reluctance to re-visit the project. primarily down to the news that Richard Donner was having little or nothing to do with the re-edit. there are complex legal issues that need to be resolved before the film can be re-released. that Richard Lester had interwoven new material in — and there was a lot of them — I unwove that material and recut those scenes. other times stating that he would not. and also providing speculative lists of just how much lost Donner footage might actually exist. Thau noted.. that reading's not good. Warner Home Video is presently addressing those issues. Donner Cut producer Michael Thau told American Cinematographer magazine. I also had to deal with negatives that had already been cut. We only used the Lester footage when there was material when they had not been able to shoot. Finally.' and he said 'No. The Donner cut comprises Donner Superman II scenes edited by Stuart Baird in 1977-78.com organized hundreds of fans to e-mail or write letters directly to Warner Bros. The required footage was still owned by the Salkinds." Work finally began on the project in late 2005. it wasn't worth doing the project.. Secondly. mixed emotions invariably followed the initial announcement in January 2006 that a new Superman II was being worked on. "Warner Home Video is supportive of an extended version of Superman II on DVD. Thau confirmed that the entire film. would be re-cut from the original camera negative (including the small number of Lester scenes remaining in the film). "Dick (Donner) was doing (the film) 16 Blocks at the time and I was always trying to lure him in with. "Marlon Brando's estate made a deal with Warner Bros. these legal issues were ultimately the greatest obstacle towards creating a Donner Cut. basically from scratch a lot of times. come in to the cutting room. though without Richard Donner. Bowers published numerous stills from "lost" scenes in Richard Donner's Superman II. It was a complicated jigsaw puzzle sometimes. And when I wanted to recut it. to license some of his footage for Superman Returns. identifying Donner footage within the film. In an interview with Now Playing magazine." Over the years. he stated. 'Make it move faster.I don't even want to see it until it comes out in the theater. With Dick it's always. I'd show it to Dick and he'd say. "They're doing it. no. "When I'd get a cut on a scene.uk provided fans with detailed breakdowns of the theatrical Superman II." A month later.." In August 2006.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut collector Jim Bowers. on June 19. Donner has frequently proclaimed diametrically-opposing views with regards to the possibility of re-assembling his Superman II — often stating that he would like to do it... and Lester had already cut it in a different way. Issues relating to whether Richard Lester or Richard Donner would be credited as director of any new cut also remained to be addressed. seemingly providing definitive proof that Donner had filmed far more footage than the Salkinds or Richard Lester had initially been prepared to concede. he stated. At the Director's Guild screening of the Donner cut in November 2006. and to keep some continuity to the story. I'd have to unwind that. when asked about the new Superman II cut. president Jim Cardwell. In November 2006. telling the audience. In a January 2006 interview with the website IGN. here's a piece of candy. In June 2006. and issues relating to the use of Brando's filmed footage in Superman II remained unresolved. 'I don't like that line. This effort was the first to elicit a positive response from the studio. In 2004. This later led to the studio going back to his estate for our re-cut of Superman II." 195  . 1980 Superman II theatrical scenes cut by John Victor Smith.I'm too far away from it now.co. "A lot of scenes that had been already cut." Thus. If that footage couldn't be used. 2004.. you know 'Dick.' and so on. as well as a large amount of new material edited by Michael Thau. Michael Thau finally confirmed that Donner had finally decided on a far closer involvement with the project. no. demanding that the studio allow Donner to release his version of Superman II. also bringing in writer Tom Mankiewicz to assist in its creation. different interpretation. to put it back the way I envisioned Dick would want it cut. Michael Thau underlined Donner's reluctance to involve himself in the project. "I would never shoot like that now in a million years. with many of those who wrote receiving a letter stating.
and Non chasing him and carrying Lois and Luthor with them. who escaped from jail. The three villains realize too late that Superman altered the process to expose everyone outside the chamber to the red light. She tries proving to Clark she knows his secret by jumping out of a window. adding unreleased cues. Superman being trapped in the swimming pool with the Kryptonite necklace by Lex Luthor and being rescued by Ms. and the new title sequences include Williams' composing credit.  . stated:  196  “  We have been getting for years and years and years letters begging us to release the Donner cut of Superman II. Zod forces Superman to again undergo the transformation process. as he had also turned down a similar request by Superman Returns director Bryan Singer because he was scoring another project. Donner chose to reuse Williams' music from the first film. Ursa. Clark decides to return to the Fortress to try to reverse the transformation. at the Daily Planet.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut In a June 2006 interview with the website Amazon. altering history so that the Kryptonians never escaped the Phantom Zone. He takes her to his Fortress of Solitude near the North Pole and shows her the traces of his past stored in the energy crystals of the Fortress. Realizing that humanity cannot fight Zod themselves. Superman decides to transform himself into a human by exposing himself to red Kryptonian sunlight in a crystal chamber. found and infiltrated the Fortress before Superman and Lois arrived. The three Kryptonians go with Luthor to the offices of the Daily Planet where they abduct Lois. heat vision. To protect the city. The two return to populated areas by automobile. The newspaper sends Clark and Lois to Niagara Falls. After defeating them. Lex Luthor. Teschmacher. and battles the three in Metropolis.  Plot Highlights of the first film are shown: Jor-El condemning General Zod. removing the Kryptonian criminals' powers. learning of Superman's connection to Jor-El and General Zod. Idaho. and Ursa to the Phantom Zone. and super-speed to save her while appearing to have done nothing. after having found the green crystal and reversing the transformation process. and flies into the sunrise for further adventures. At the Fortress. But it was sitting in a lab and never assembled. Lois Lane suspects that Clark Kent is Superman. New Jersey into outer space. the launching of the two XK-101 missiles. Subsequently. The Phantom Zone drifts towards Earth and the XK-101 missile explodes near it.com. with Zod. freeing the three villains. He offers to lead Zod to Jor-El's son in exchange for control of Australia. Superman flies off towards his Fortress. is really thrilling. but Clark uses his super-breath. and Superman diverting the XK-101 missile programmed to hit Hackensack. giving up his powers to find happiness with Lois despite the warnings of the artificial intelligence of his father Jor-El. and a whole different take on the Superman II story.  ”  Donner contacted composer John Williams about creating a new score for his version of the film. and she tricks Clark with a gun loaded with blanks into admitting that he is Superman. And for those of us were very saddened and touched by the loss of Christopher Reeve — to see footage you've never seen of him before. one of which is the green crystal that created the Fortress and opened Superman's contact with his parents. Senior Vice President of Warner Home Video's Catalog Marketing division. Superman arrives. Non. and takes advantage of this weakness by threatening bystanders. and this year we bit the bullet and we've created what is ostensibly a new film. although the footage is all footage that was shot years and years and years ago. When the President pleads for Superman to save the Earth. Zod realizes Superman cares for the innocent humans. After spending the night together. George Feltenstein. but Williams was unable to help out. After attacking human astronauts on the moon and the small town of East Houston. and learn of Zod's conquest of the world. and sending Kal-El to Earth. the three travel to the White House and force the President of the United States to surrender to Zod on behalf of the entire planet during an international television broadcast. Superman travels back in time. Zod demands that Superman come and "kneel before Zod!" Prior to Zod's arrival. who find themselves with super powers granted by the yellow light of Earth's sun. Ken Thorne was relegated to the closing credits. Superman's rescue of a small boy renews Lois' suspicions.
Bryant Griffin of SyFy Portal.uk website noted "By far. After the screening.co.com "It really feels like a direct continuation of the first film.[11] Comparisons to the theatrical release of Superman II vary widely in their criticism. with other criticisms pointing to the film's inevitable restructuring and less than perfect visual effects. an exclusive screening benefit for Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut was held at the Fine Arts Theatre in Los Angeles. honoring the Man of Steel with dignity. more serious tone of the film and admiring that the film seems to flow as a true sequel to the original Superman.… " Cast members Margot Kidder.com's Brian Orndorf proclaims the film "… a triumph of intention. Scenes essentially play unto themselves. The Fulvuedrive-in. Sarah Douglas and other cast members participated in a panel discussion.uk justified the decision based on the amount of footage that would need to be created in CGI. I think the latter remains more compelling and enjoyable.co. Rotten Tomatoes gave the "Donner Cut" an aggregate rating of 83% compared to 88% for Lester's Superman II.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut  197  World premiere The world premiere of the new cut took place November 2.supermancinema. Richard Donner." This scene. Interviews included with the DVD bonus features also state that Thau and Donner agreed any new CGI shots should not overshadow the relatively limited special effects used during the original shooting. 2006.[10]  Reaction Many critics have generally applauded the effort.  . including director Richard Donner and producer Ilya Salkind. … It works a hell of a lot better than the condensed Superman II that we know.net extols. in which an army led by Zod attempts a takeover of Earth). Jack O'Halloran and Sarah Douglas have openly stated that they believe "The Richard Donner Cut" is the superior Superman II. One fan "review" published on the Supermancinema. Filmjerk. which in certain cases is heavily truncated in the new film. The proceeds of ticket sales went to the Christopher Reeve Foundation. "From the storyline to the tone to the performances to the pacing." Donner himself has also come under criticism for an apparently uncompromising approach to Richard Lester's material. Margot Kidder." IGN went as far as to call the film the Best Director's Cut of 2006. applauding the darker. was not photographed by Donner before he was fired. California. the "Donner Cut"'s greatest weakness is the way the film's scenes have been re-structured and shuffled around. in an interview published on www. Some reviewers have responded very positively. In addition. As with many re-edits of popular films. many fans have been critical of the fact that Michael Thau did not produce an expensive visual effects sequence using computer generated images (CGI) to create a "CGI villains-rule-the-world-scene. (The concept was revisited in the ninth season finale of Smallville. at the Directors Guild of America building in Hollywood and was attended by many of those associated with the film. Margot Kidder. Tom Mankiewicz. sending the imagination soaring again over this new angle on a very old question mark. It breaks my heart to even consider what Richard Donner might've accomplished had he not been fired. but the "Donner Cut" gives the fans that close.[4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] On November 25. particularly vocal fans have criticized the re-cut and have largely lashed out at editor Michael Thau for their misgivings. and especially Christopher Reeve. breath-on-the-glass look at a lost classic that never received its chance to soar in the cinematic heavens. which has the villains destroying key monuments around the world. Thau. 2006. Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide notes.com review laments.… " Most have praised the new performances of Marlon Brando. as well as the repetition of the time-reversal element used in Superman." Other critics disparage the reliance on screen-test footage. thrilled Donner had the chance to piece his film back together. "When I compare the Donner cut to the theatrical edition. at the same time bemoaning the lost opportunity. with no real cohesion between the three threads. "It is sad to see Reeve in such great form and not be around to see it… " Clint Morris of Moviehole.
. Superman Homepage. supermancinema. homemediaretailing. cfm?article_id=9890)." edits that attempt to address many of their criticisms of both the Lester and Donner versions of Superman II. 1 [8] "Video on UGO. ugo. com/ bags_and_boards/ 2006/ 11/ donners_vision_.com. net/ link/ Superm5an2CS/ ) [10] "Superman Homepage" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2010-09-06. videodetective. Rotten Tomatoes.com. Retrieved 2010-09-06. [12] "Video can be viewed here" (http:/ / video. released the official trailer for the Christopher Reeve Superman Collection DVD box set. Uk. 2006-11-03. 2006. totaleclips. Video. 1. Warner Bros. capedwonder. html) [3] "Superman CINEMA" (http:/ / www. Retrieved 2010-09-06.com" (http:/ / video.com. co. uk/ superman2/ real_s2/ ric/ default. 2006-11-03.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut Fan reaction to the "Donner Cut" has led to many so-called "fan-cuts. aspx?articleID=20678). [9] (http:/ / web. [7] http:/ / www. ign. pdf [2] Moviehole. Retrieved 2010-09-06.ugo. released the trailer for the Ultimate Superman Collection DVD box set.net: Exclusive Interview: Ilya Salkind (http:/ / www.ugo. supermanhomepage. [6] "Home Media Magazine . com/ myfox/ pages/ Entertainment/ Detail?contentId=1462504& version=2& locale=EN-US& layoutCode=VSTY& pageId=7. [13] http:/ / www.dvd. . Retrieved 2010-09-06. [11] "Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut" (http:/ / www. [4] Gilchrist. myfoxdetroit. "IGN: Superman II (The Richard Donner Cut) Preview" (http:/ / uk. rottentomatoes. Retrieved 2010-09-06. aspx?eclipid=e29065& bitrateid=214& vendorid=235 [14] (http:/ / www. net/ interviews/ 20060511_exclusive_interview_ilya_salki.1 • Subtitles: English. . com/ news/ html/ breaking_article. Todd (2006-11-03). html). com/ articles/ 744/ 744026p1. and 18 seconds) • 6 Deleted Scenes (8 minutes and 33 seconds) • • • • • • Lex and Miss Teschmacher head north Lex and Miss Teschmacher head south The villains try to enter fortress He's all yours. com/ player/ Bounce. Français & Español (feature film only)& German  Trailer On September 20.com.  198  DVD special features • All new introduction by director Richard Donner (1 minute and 53 seconds) • Commentary by director Richard Donner and creative consultant Tom Mankiewicz • New featurette Superman II: Restoring the Vision (13 mins. com/ vplayer. dvd. . 2006. Retrieved 2007-10-11.Bringing Digital Entertainment To You" (http:/ / www.[14]  References [1] http:/ / www. moviehole. Video.)[13] On November 21. Retrieved 2010-09-06. aspx?articleID=20706). com/ vplayer. Many of these efforts have been posted on the Internet.com. Homemediaretailing. html). variety. boys Clark and Jimmy Lex's getaway[12]  • Dolby Digital 5. asp).variety.ign. com/ news. Weblogs. Superman CINEMA. com/ scripts/ superman_2-mankiewicz. com/ sideplayer. asp?publishedID=853462& customerId=97135#)  . . php?readmore=2933). including YouTube. . ugo. com/ m/ superman_ii_the_richard_donner_cut/ ). . [5] "Bags and Boards: Donner's Vision Soars at Last" (http:/ / weblogs. beimages. . (Includes footage of Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut. Warner Bros.
darkhorizons.com/m/1170647/) at Rotten Tomatoes • Richard Donner Interview (http://dvd.shtml)  .php) • II Times the Superman II: A comparison of the Lester and Donner versions.rottentomatoes.com/work/382516) at Allmovie • Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut (http://www.com/title/tt0839995/) at the Internet Movie Database • Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut (http://www.cinemademerde.com/articles/684/684482p1.allmovie.html) • Richard Donner Interview #2 (http://www.ign.Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut  199  External links • Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut (http://www.com/news06/donner.imdb.com/ Essay-Superman_II. (http://www.
Redlemur. Laurentseries. Michael.wikipedia. Clark 39. Ernst-Günther Baade. Foxymamma. Easchiff. ManuBhardwaj. Civilengtiger.wikipedia. Rpab. Autonova. Lukobe. Astorknlam. Morbius. LFaraone. Sottolacqua. DocOfSoc. Gwarfan. Celithemis. Yourfriend1. WilliamSommerwerck. The Rogue Penguin. The Parsnip!. Michael Devore. Pethan. Jokermage. Wasabe3543. Son of Somebody. Jajhill. NickCatal. Merqurial. Nyguide. Ap. Kashk. Patrick. Flyer22. GTBacchus. Parisderry800. Fromgermany. Koro Neil. Ward3001. MiLo28. HenryLi. Bchaosf. Stomv. 6 anonymous edits Marlon Brando filmography  Source: http://en. Tbrandow. Anthonylombardi. Onomato. Zoe. Mulholland12900. Dorothy1991. Waltloc. Feeeshboy. Runsaxis. Airwolf.wikipedia. Diannaa. Batman2005. Redrocket. Radek Bartoš. IronGargoyle. Dbc06.org/w/index. Yinzland. TexasAndroid. Darev. Paul A. AKeen. Treybien. Joel Kirk. AMYfan. TMC1982. That Asian Guy. Elcapitane. Archer3. Guanaco. Tastemyhouse. Master Deusoma. Spokoina. Chowbok. Proxy User. Bernard ferrell. Blanchardb. Qr. Brat32. Litalex. Heron. Regibox. Mike Christie. Threeafterthree. Hiphats. Tuspm. N5iln.m. Irishguy. XSG. The Cool Kat. Nunh-huh. Jmortonmb.php?oldid=411295219  Contributors: Aitias. Geo Swan. Joey80. Dr. D-Rock. Ed Fitzgerald. Angrtre. Feudonym. Lambiam. Thezeppelin62.wilton. Naysie. Stnich. Dputig07. Oxymoron83. Thomasedwinthomas. RavenJA. Fjykbgv. 20yearoldboyfromNY.Article Sources and Contributors  200  Article Sources and Contributors Marlon Brando  Source: http://en. 10stone5. E2eamon. ^demon. Jay. Realm of Shadows. GeneralPatton. Ewin. Paulromney. SM3RSH. RitKill. Sangak. ABigGayFairy. Domingo Portales. Vulturell. TheRealFennShysa. NineEighteen. Steph162.wikipedia. Tassedethe. SHIMONSHA. Gimboid13. J. Demmy. Gilliam. Nymf. Kipala. Polancox. Km256. DowneyOcean. Revth. The JPS. Juliuse15. Crimson Cherry Blossom. Deltabeignet. SueBrewer. Softlavender. Mitsuhirato. Rac90. Zeiden. Rg2433. GorgeCustersSabre. Mappychris. Pjamescowie. Stilfehler. Serpent-A. Crumbsucker. Thefourdotelipsis. Gjd001. Letssee23. Bradpaton. CelebHeights. Danybdan. Mike Selinker. Luigibob. NawlinWiki. RicaumLOL. Jzummak. Space Ghost 900. Oda Mari. Sponge417. Crappedia. E Batterschoom. Storyliner. TFOWR. Keeves. M. Nlu. Maungkaungmyat. Tommy11111. Infrogmation. Red red robyn. Noirish. Kostelca.php?oldid=411680356  Contributors: D6. Mxw139ee. Davidatwikip. User6854. Rob T Firefly. UltimatePyro. Monkeyzpop. Dralwik. Kaneshirojj. Ramanpotential.php?oldid=399670443  Contributors: Ad Nauseam. Sonlui. Jayen466. QueenStupid. Will Beback. Gadfium. Hadal. Cyrus XIII. Forbear. Hayford Peirce. Riphamilton. Washburnmav. Kaiwanxiao. Wildroot. Andrevan. Everything Else Is Taken. Laurinavicius. MarnetteD. Levin. Vatsan34. Flowerkiller1692. DoctorJoeE. D6. MarnetteD. Postcard Cathy. Savidan. Jordinho. Ure. CassieCarterONeill. Ondewelle. EliasAlucard. Phbasketball6.php?oldid=411872956  Contributors: *nondescript. Kbdank71. Sreejithk2000. TYelliot. CanadianLinuxUser. Rob Kennedy. Jeanenawhitney. Delldot. Jamesontai. Mashuren. FattieLuv2. Orbicle. Jellybaby 344. Radosław10. Belovedfreak. Nacimota. Koyaanis Qatsi. Jblister. Fan613. DarkHorizon. Neddyseagoon. Jheald. Superrcat. Moriori. Noirish. Nehrams2020. AaronY. Michaelas10. Mellowph. Eliezg. LilHelpa. The Obento Musubi. Savolya.org/w/index. AgnosticPreachersKid. Harmil. B. Lightmouse. GuruAskew. Nick Zwar. Toddst1. Gareth E Kegg. Tim010987. JForget. J. Slgrandson. Yekrats. Bhumiya. E Wing. RobertG. Alksub. DCEdwards1966. Gcollinsii. Dl2000. Lightmouse. Stevertigo. Joel7687. Mr Hall of England. DeWaine. CardinalDan. Discospinster. Erik9. Juansidious. Lockley. Bbq332. PlatinumX. SolidSnake73. Scottmsg. Mark. Ebyabe. Fakechampion. Granpuff. Jordancelticsfan. Arkitus. Jogers. Grindor. SwanSZ. Yamanbaiia. Kelisi. Aleph-4. Wiki0709. Jon513.s. Funkyvoltron. Moonriddengirl. Coemgenus. Jack O'Lantern. Hans Dunkelberg. Galloglass. Jkaharper. NHRHS2010. MacGyverMagic. Modulatum. Bobo The Ninja. VeryVerily. CWii. DBaba. Wheatfields7. Jack Merridew. Epaphroditus Ph. Hemanshu. Weregerbil. Mrwojo. DobbyD. Numbersrunn3r. Zig-e. Dragpon. Colonies Chris. Andi064. DBaba. MattKingston. 0. WhatAGal. MK8. Seijihyouronka. S0uj1r0. Sayerslle. Literarypr. RedWolfX. User2004. Rich Farmbrough. Bartledan. FisherQueen. StarLegacy. Gonk. FiP. Egressio. Fair Deal. Cescoby. Tpbradbury. Ustyuzhanin. Diggindeeper. Asnatu wiki. Missy1234. Robogun. Lowe4091. King of Hearts. Academic Challenger. Impostorpedia. The lorax. Spangineer. Nixeagle. Buaidh. Yankees76. Tsusurfanami.org/w/index. 1762 anonymous edits List of awards and nominations received by Marlon Brando  Source: http://en. MachoCarioca. Paperella21. Seaphoto. Xn4. Bcorr. ScottMHoward. Wildhartlivie. Azertus. Azucar. Jengod. TBHecht. Fuhghettaboutit. Bender21435. Tehbrando. Rickmeup.xxx. Epolk. Dontmesswittx18. Treybien. Titocavalera. Wavy G. Sonett72. Pierlot. Amire80. Cburnett. BomBom. Minaker. Buddy-L. BillWSmithJr.wikipedia. Franz-kafka. Thismightbezach. Chrisdalby. Helplessstar88207. Plasticspork. Goudzovski. Spartan-James. The wub. Sleeping123.t2. Ryanlintelman. Ewlyahoocom. Jesster79. Parallel33. Danny.delanoy.wikipedia. Matthew Dillenburg. Prodego. Katieh5584. Agendum. Thisis0. Cplakidas. MachoCarioca. Sundevilesq. Alrasheedan. Co mti. ElfMage. Gustav von Humpelschmumpel. Kuralyov. RattleandHum. Rodhullandemu. Arniep. MachoCarioca. JGKlein. SelfStudyBuddy. Iridescent. Gary King. Quirkily ice cream III. hua. Fistful of Questions. Dacxjo. Jogers. BrianHansen. Darena mipt. Leopold Stotch. Johnhpaulin. Mdelvecchio99. Luigibob. Art PR.winters. Raven4x4x. 143 anonymous edits Viva Zapata!  Source: http://en. Microtony. PM800. Bsherr. Rogerd. Teeb. Tanthalas39. JamesAM. Damian7693. Jud383729. Piniricc65. Seahorseruler. Destry. 29 anonymous edits The Men (film)  Source: http://en.org/w/index. Colonies Chris. Elipongo. Alexander lau. Kurt Shaped Box. Pegship. Tool2Die4. Shitpedia. Who. Vicenarian. Wknight94. Michael Hardy.org/w/index. Cardsplayer4life. Arniep. Jaranda. Grstain. Milton Stanley. Commander Keane. Joseph Spadaro. Srajan01. Michael Shields. Nitya Dharma. Sandstein. Jackdrew. Tyrenius. Mr Hall of England. Graham87. JimWae. Eekerz. Lugnuts. Damaavand. London18. Iscariot. Quadell. JJstroker. Orbicle. HarveyCarter. Varlaam. JohnCena. Pearle. Bento00. Kukini. Walor. Zzyzx11. Jienum. Gustav von Humpelschmumpel. Nick. Christian75. Schuym1. Jossi. Fschoenm. Cirt. Kjkolb. Edward. Coolhandscot. Carmen22. Bovineboy2008. BD2412. Antrophica. So awful. Brian Olsen. Battlecat1979. Erik9. Postdlf. Fletcherrhoden. Papersith. Otisjimmy1. Kathryn NicDhàna. Syrthiss. Rrburke. Persian Poet Gal. Atlan. Chunda18. Mysdaao. Ergonaut2001. Rdsmith4. AlexTingle. Granpuff. Urgeback. CruftEater. Thingg. Misza13. P. Woohookitty. LipstickVogue1216. Lugnuts. Nemobius.p. Hiphats. Chicheley.37. Kranar drogin. Gavatron. Wagonkeys. Jennica. 56 anonymous edits Julius Caesar (1953 film)  Source: http://en. Enigmaman. Fredrik. Addshore. Jackofalltradesmasterofnone. GoldDragon. Caniago. Tobes00. Remember. BozMo. Abacchus. Dr. MoogleDan. Shakirfan. Sayerslle.. Greenmind. Guthrie. Hagerman. Twice25.a. Sreejithk2000. Micione. NinjaLore. Laurinavicius. LipstickVogue1216. Steven2046. AndersFeder. SlightlyMad. Erik. Morhange. Tvoz. ScottMHoward. Fullobeans. Dina. Stevenmitchell. Tassedethe. EricLong. All Hallow's Wraith. Vizcarra. BladesCrusade. Eeekster. Everyking. Zutopiaa. Bkell. Diotti. Newone. Robertkeller. Rossrs. Scarian. Rentaferret. Luna Santin. BGC. El Torrito. SDS. Derbent 5000. Pfw. Sensei48. Deb. DeWaine. Morwen. SoWhy. Kalmia. Luigi-ish. Zepheus. Quadpus. Heimstern. Neurolysis. PhantomS. Tassedethe. Tabledhote. Sina. Minimac. JackO'Lantern. Ryulong. RoyBoy. Rhindle The Red. WikiDon. DeWaine. LondonTowerBridge. Onorem. Fuhghettaboutit. Romanm. Ted Wilkes. The monkeyhate. Andland. Fbv65edel. Zythe. David Gerard.81. 39 anonymous edits  . Kidlittle. SDC. Fecking123.. SlackerMom. Ugha. Afasmit. SatyrTN. Snowmanradio. Ed Fitzgerald. Wikignome0530. Shatpedia. Nooktanya. Lauren.c. Ianblair23. Æthelwold. Laddiebuck. Ewin. Codyfinke15. Blueboy96. Stephenb. Alcmaeonid. Kidlittle. Ionesco. Tundrabuggy. Islomaniac. Jeff G. Geographer. Pfw. Owen. Pureagnostic. Antaeus Feldspar. Garion96. Calton. Engleham. Vytal. Kpjas. Kaisershatner. 9 anonymous edits A Streetcar Named Desire (1951 film)  Source: http://en. Frecklefoot. DesertEagle73. Million Little Gods. Phatcat68. Varlaam. Yemal.s. B3t. Rockondiesel. Fdssdf. Cop 663. Can't sleep. Lemmyisgod. Clarityfiend. Nunamiut. Numen. Wikipelli. Jalapenos do exist. Bovineboy2008. Cupidvogel. Bibilovski. Raymond Cruise. Lurgis. Trialsanderrors. Katimawan2005. GVOLTT. Belovedfreak. BillFlis. RedWolf. Cyrius. 64uhyh. Alekjds. Azucar. Tom. Blanchardb. Ekabhishek. Blofeld. The Filmaker. Aspects. Pais. AdamSmithee. VossBC. Sreejithk2000. Skomorokh. Rande M Sefowt. Atif. Mattbr. Azi Like a Fox. Eloquence. Cometstyles. Timotheus Canens. IP4240207xx. Patoldanga'r Tenida. Piccadilly. Delldot. GorgeCustersSabre. Sannse. Helga Van Clink. Maciste. Professor Von Pie. Correogsk. Conversion script. Carnyfoke. JolineJoline. John of Reading. Grunge6910. Dfgedrfet1234df. Dkriegls. Jiddisch. Amethyst firepanther. Khunglongcon. Stefanomione. Chubbles. Dcooper. Alai. Frangibility. Smythloan. Del-Mar. Koavf.. Ace Class Shadow. Ellsworth. Paste. Phbasketball6. Moquette. Philip Baird Shearer. Thismightbezach. Midnightdreary. Jim Michael. Manarif. Ardicius Greenknight. clown will eat me. BrokenSegue. Sylvain1972. Larrybob. Londo06. Rhindle The Red. Wool Mintons. TheMovieBuff. Mufka. Scott Paeth. Academic Challenger. Epson291. John K. JGKlein. Murph24. Helmandsare. C colorado. Quintote. Sevela. Z4m3. Badgernet. Robchurch. Derbent 5000. Zigger. TheCustomOfLife. Stvartak. Tadas12. DCEdwards1966. Karimi. Bovineboy2008. Emerson7. Una Smith. Brandonoppliger. Cupidvogel. D. JohnHistory. Manuel Trujillo Berges. Evercat. Blofeld. Vonbloompasha. Limelight. Matt Gies. Conscious. Kbolino. Yworo. SirGrant. StuHarris. Ameliorate!. Lincolnite. Looper5920. Orxanabbasov. Peter G Werner. Ecco1983. Artfuldodger. Mr kitehead. W. Michaelbr. Rbb l181. Gogo Dodo. Thismightbezach. Ukabia. Malakaville. Faithlessthewonderboy.php?oldid=378217413  Contributors: CUSENZA Mario. Rossrs. Jbening. Zcatz. Warpozio. Downwards. JackofOz. LAX. Albert Cheng. Freechild. Stilfehler. Caltas. MattGiuca. WojPob. Eljayess. Art1991. Fjykbgv. The Anome. B3t. Mrblondnyc. Numbo3. NorthernThunder. Cody Kirk1992. Una Smith. N5iln. Leszek Jańczuk. Khatru2. Daniel5127. General Mannino. Orioane. TheRingess. Rodeosmurf. Contaldo80. Gentgeen. Jzummak. Jheald. Dale Arnett. Tangento.wikipedia. Donfbreed. Gorrrillla5. Flewis. Sietse Snel. Qylecoop. Mrblondnyc. Wetman. Ghakko. Gamaliel. John. Clpalmore. Singularity. Deskana. Janko. Darwin-rover. TonyTheTiger. TVArchiveFrisco. Correogsk. Joedeshon. Fallout boy. Kerowyn. Jaysweet. Kbdank71. Letters2009. Cardsplayer4life. Mattbrundage.org/w/index. TheHYPO. Wikibarista. Andrewlp1991. Candice. Ronhjones. Otrfan. Wideangle. Dcutter. Gustav von Humpelschmumpel. Cop 663. Zannah. Donmike10. Fairbairn. Rhyno's Favorite Brother. Daer11. Iterator12n. HenryLarsen. Ben-Zin. Sam. Wjhonson. Ekrenor. Ckatz. JB82. Nbahn. ElvisFan1981. Arguepower22. Hercules. Dismas. 203. Bongwarrior.php?oldid=400525749  Contributors: AdamSmithee. Aquila9. Rmhermen. Bearcat. Calmypal. Michaelschmatz. Cayla. Ziggur. SpuriousQ. Shadow2700. Jmabel.tas. UtherSRG. Dustimagic. PhilipO. AbsoluteGleek92. WhisperToMe. Raymondwinn. R. Netkinetic. Peter L. 334a. Bobcarl13. Mbshea. ISAYsorry. Rand503. Dominik92. Moreschi. Marktreut. Redthoreau. Download. Brianboulton. Macca7174. Brighterorange. Natonstan. Titus III. Jonathan. Orville Eastland. Noirish. Stevertigo. Joebolte. XJamRastafire. Wallie.org/w/index. Supertigerman. Martinevans123. Yarbles75. Avaya1. NurseryRhyme. NuclearWarfare. Karin127. Theda. Genesis. Cgingold. Koavf. DragonflySixtyseven. Ottava Rima. Friginator. Kenyon. CambridgeBayWeather. Whaiaun. Durova. Loren. Leofric1. Kemikelx. Stassats. Elsass3. Srich32977. Kevin j. Bobo192. Adamgilbertson. Walter Breitzke. Rjwilmsi. Wmahan.camero. Noirish. Ricroz. Films addicted. Sarasambo. Arnie587. Good Olfactory. Halmstad. Amontero. Ziggurat. MarcK. Zomglasers. Darev. Derek Ross. HeartBurn Kid. Levineps. Poison Oak. Adoniscik. Biruitorul. Guat6. CecilF. Griffinofwales. Jeandré du Toit. Ed Fitzgerald. Fuhghettaboutit. Seancong. I'll bring the food. Pingveno. Seduisant.php?oldid=411888025  Contributors: AEMoreira042281. BeardOfGlory. Oohva. Gurch. Hmains. Astral. Luke4545. RupertMillard. Sayerslle. Closedmouth. AskFranz. Dr. Kd4ttc. Cburnett. Tjmayerinsf. Bzuk. Greatgavini. Zone46. Dutzi. Kernitou. Jun Nijo. ShelfSkewed. Gyrofrog. Kevin S. Metagraph. Abdowiki. Y2kcrazyjoker4. WhatGuy. SixSix. Mr Hall of England. HaroldCartwright. Apparition11. Wars. Janejellyroll.Gonzo. Bubba hotep.kt. Latka. Ehmjay. Gzkn. Honestpage. Asianchick. Zzuuzz. Jmh649. Phbasketball6. COMPFUNK2. Redsox00002. Foobaz. MichaelQSchmidt. Flowanda. ForDorothy. Kit Walker. Aille. Krullel. Adashiel. Gwalla. Willerror. Lugnuts. Grenavitar. Tonym88. CLTBenson. Jpers36. Invincible Ninja. Tectar. Donmike10. Lugnuts. Fuhghettaboutit. Omw41. Schmendrick. Avjoska. MisfitToys. Docu. Ahoerstemeier. ResurgamII. KathrynLybarger. AlbertSM. Sloba m77. MarkSweep. TRBP. Lindsaywinn. Rjensen. Dario1250. Tinton5. Talrias. LinkJones. Zach Benjamin. Deconstructhis. JaGa. Lussmu. Varlaam. Thunderbrand. Benw. Jimknut. Dr. Neish1875. Cheesechimp. MegX. Johnuniq. EmperorNero. PenguinJockey. Acdx. IJzeren Jan. Ana Bruta. Justme89. Dotcanada. Caroline Sanford. WereWolf. Dale Arnett. Hl.R. Nat Krause. Benstown. Portalian. Anger22. PhilipMW. Pinko1977. Trident13. fiend. Rz rahman.eta. Correogsk. Tide rolls. Reedy. Wedg. Wildhartlivie. DBaba. Melty girl. Freiwilliger. D6. Manticore126. Bbsrock. Kadambarid. Olivier. JaGa. Digby scallops. Bevildej.
Pegship. Blofeld. Naniwako. Staszu13. Tassedethe. Who. Rogerd. Dudesleeper.php?oldid=409873408  Contributors: Avgeeks. Dale101usa. Ameliorate!. Tim Long.php?oldid=402055017  Contributors: 23skidoo. DoubleCross. Oneiros. Wknight94. Stevertigo. Bobbymoo159. Handige Harrie.org/w/index. Warpozio. LGagnon. Rjwilmsi. Keith-264. Twalls. Woohookitty. Deltabeignet. Bobet. Man of wealth and taste. I'm the Cavalry. Athene cunicularia. Otto4711. DaveGorman. Nick. Antaeus Feldspar. Neddyseagoon. James086. Lugnuts. Chris Bainbridge. Mild Bill Hiccup. Richman271. Big Bird. Jcliver. Trotter. Bovineboy2008. Bender235. Moisejp. Easchiff.org/w/index. Cybercobra. Jiang. Philmoorehosenozel. Rich Farmbrough. Madbehemoth. TFNorman. Esc861. BillFlis. Jason One. Treybien. Tientao. Shoeofdeath. Auntof6. Lusample. Jrt989. Rockero. MachoCarioca. Wool Mintons. Belovedfreak. Edward. Vorenus. Pauli133. Pm215. WOSlinker. Quadell. Grey Shadow. Trialsanderrors. Fuhghettaboutit. Waggers.wikipedia.F. Schissel. GS3. Gökhan. Lockley. Dravecky. Mingus ah um. Orbicle. Bagatelle. Epbr123. David Gerard. Chowbok. Jonnybgoode44. Savolya. Kolobochek. It Is Me Here. Jpgordon. Lugnuts. EmersonLowry. Calmer Waters. MrMarmite. Ndugu. JamesB57. Goustien. Cburnett. Philip Trueman. Lugnuts. RadioBroadcast. Blehfu. Darklilac. Fuhghettaboutit. Jahangir23. Nice poa.wikipedia. Jzummak. Bdesham. SidP. Snek01. Blofeld. AEMoreira042281. Str1977. Emperorbma. 8 anonymous edits Morituri (1965 film)  Source: http://en. JohnCD. Jomeara421. Wagexbabo. Wuzzy1. Goethean. BD2412. Skier Dude. SimonP. Jowston. 33 anonymous edits The Young Lions  Source: http://en. Eandradams. Serbianboy. Philip Cross. Emerson7. Tjmayerinsf. Kintetsubuffalo. Somercet. Rich Farmbrough. Compscifiend.camero. Netts. Cuchullain. Aladin34. Verne Equinox. Goustien. Polylerus. Hawyih. Hnsampat. Mallanox. MegX. LoserTalent. MachoCarioca.org/w/index. TFoster1994. Skrooball. Reflex Reaction.org/w/index. Twang. DanielPenfield. Denaar. Elvis1977. Edlitz36. Lord Cornwallis. Stefanomione. Serpentdove. Patrick1982. Girolamo Savonarola. Denelson83. StultuS. Wetman. Matlefebvre20. Bevo. Koplimek. ManymerrymenmakingmuchmoneyinthemonthofMay. Lugnuts. MachoCarioca. WOSlinker. Husond. Cglassey. Hmmmmm382. Bendono. FT2. Dutzi. David Gerard. KF. Supernumerary. Zondor. J04n. Paul Barlow. The Ink Daddy!. MachoCarioca. Burglekutt. Red Deer. Laurinavicius. Lou Crazy. Treybien. HDS. Robertvan1. Kummi. Aristophanes68. RudyB. Ron whisky. Wjhonson. Mikomaid.php?oldid=407392412  Contributors: AN(Ger). Johnny Weissmuller. Supernumerary. Belovedfreak. Brain Rodeo. Zim64. Scottbeck. Opera hat. David Gerard. JGKlein. Thepangelinanpost. Noirish. Erik. Studerby. Man vyi. 233 anonymous edits Désirée (film)  Source: http://en.wikipedia. Treybien. MikeVitale. Kusma. Kevinalewis. CircularQ. 19 anonymous edits A Countess from Hong Kong  Source: http://en. Fuhghettaboutit.wikipedia. Gamaliel. Thismightbezach. Pegship. Dbenbenn. Tralala1980. TheMovieBuff. Prhays. Lilapavza.wikipedia. Tassedethe. Vikiçizer. Pearle. Mackerm. Vanjagenije. David Gerard. Walloon. Coltenstokes. Motownlegend. Sj. OldEmpire. Erik. Darev.php?oldid=405473428  Contributors: AlbertSM. Clarityfiend. EchetusXe. Robertvan1. Savolya. TFunk. Jogers. Lugnuts. RicJac. Melchoir. Mantanmoreland. Kusunose. Eekerz. The Moving Finger Writes. MK2. Rwxrwxrwx. Thefourdotelipsis. Wool Mintons. TheLastAmigo. LilHelpa. Orbicle. Ganjadude420. Mel Etitis. Grey Geezer. Grandpafootsoldier. GBS2. 10 anonymous edits The Chase (1966 film)  Source: http://en. Lugnuts. Nick Number. JGKlein. Jellybaby 344. Mactabbed. Erik9. Cliff1911. Floppydog66.php?oldid=410337842  Contributors: 650 Norton (1951). WickerGuy. Gilliam. Estrose. Cosprings. Zahid Abdassabur.wikipedia. Correogsk. Skippydogue. JayHenry. Thu. Gruen The Fugitive Kind  Source: http://en. Smashery. Tim1357. SimonP. Noirish. JohnCD. Flamarande. LilHelpa. your mate. Kakaze. Spy007au. Neelix. AlbertSM. Darev. Rossami. Wenli. Skier Dude. Goustien. Darev. Skinriver. Varlaam. Zoidbergmd. Qutezuce. 5 anonymous edits Guys and Dolls (film)  Source: http://en. Coppertop05. Shawn in Montreal. Carl Logan. Sirimiri. Slgrandson. Richbank.php?oldid=395559099  Contributors: Agamemnon2. JustAGal. Delldot. 46 anonymous edits Bedtime Story (film)  Source: http://en. Fatsamsgrandslam. A. Kbdank71. La Corona. Tim1357. Maximus Rex. Thepangelinanpost. SFTVLGUY2. Kerowyn. Stefanomione. Dbenbenn. Serpent-A. Big Bird. Lugnuts. Gustav von Humpelschmumpel. Jadvinia. Kbh3rd.org/w/index. TheMovieBuff. MeltBanana. MachoCarioca. Kelvin125. Tad Richards. Duncan1800. WhisperToMe. Lugnuts. Soetermans. QuizzicalBee. Varlaam. Eftifino. Kevinalewis. ArthurDuhurst.org/w/index. Lence. Lolliapaulina51. Nickyindia. Paul Richter. Tientao. ScottMHoward. David Gerard. Estrose. MMetro. Dr. Ishikawa Minoru. Clarityfiend. Station1. Stevensanchezsiete. Darkking3. Wiki alf. SilkTork. Bunnyfoof. Storyliner. Editor at work. Fuhghettaboutit.org/w/index. Nattfodd. 32X. Colonies Chris. Polisher of Cobwebs. Orbicle. Dutchmonkey9000. Frut. Wayland. 59 anonymous edits Mutiny on the Bounty (1962 film)  Source: http://en. Chuck & Dave. Taipansteel. Catamorphism. Pithecanthropus. LilHelpa. JustAGal. Erik9. Rich Farmbrough. Wool Mintons. Turfslaw. Betacommand. Parallel33. Rjwilmsi. Jayhoolihan. Clarityfiend. Feitclub. Bryan Derksen. Michael316. Secundus Zephyrus. K1Bond007. TCNSV.php?oldid=409924511  Contributors: Aiko. HarringtonSmith. Dryguy.D. Damianjoseph. Charles Matthews. TAnthony. Zzyzx11. Carty.org/w/index. Destry. Jon Ascton. Canis Lupus. BD2412. MachoCarioca. CrypticBacon. FMAFan1990. Derbent 5000. MachoCarioca. ElBenevolente. MachoCarioca. Svick. Marty55. Madman2001. Nandt1. Thorncrag. Lugnuts. Sholom. Savolya. Cenga. Leoadec. 71 anonymous edits The Teahouse of the August Moon (film)  Source: http://en. Nemogbr. Aaron Brenneman. Jmorgan. Taipansteel. Skymasterson. Nickelodeon1995returns. Dr. HairyWombat. Barticus88. MaxDel. SquidSK. MarnetteD. KCJesuit.php?oldid=409645235  Contributors: A3RO. Stilfehler. 27 anonymous edits  201  . Sreejithk2000. Kookyunii. FMAFan1990. Mel Etitis. Dtgriscom. Dhmaya. Alanraywiki. Kamkek. The Singing Badger. Cbrown1023. MiguelTremblay. GorgeCustersSabre. Michael Devore. DaveGorman. Tool2Die4. John Paul Parks.wikipedia. AdamSmithee. Rjwilmsi. Pol098. DiogenesNY. Nicolas1981. BanyanTree. Underwaterbuffalo. Cop 663. Pegship.org/w/index. MisfitToys. Le Anh-Huy. Yekrats. NorthernThunder. Xezbeth. Lugnuts. Oxyqwerty. Fistful of Questions. RepublicanJacobite. Cjc13. Spiel. Mephistophelian. TheMadBaron. Rotkraut. Masamage. DavidLevinson. Anthem2008. Polisher of Cobwebs. Rjwilmsi. Tassedethe. ShelfSkewed.php?oldid=410938355  Contributors: Bearcat. Hmains. Mr Hall of England. RJBurkhart. Zidane tribal. Ic0n0klast. Susvolans. Adraeus. Joseph Solis in Australia. Stephensuleeman. 54 anonymous edits The Ugly American  Source: http://en. Bovineboy2008. Yenhsrav Keviv. Vizcarra. Goustien. Ghostrider.org/w/index. Theburn77. BlueSalo. Beefjerkybutwhere'sthebeef. Cop 663. Xezbeth.org/w/index. Adashiel. Morio. Hans yulun lai. Zoe. Azumanga1. Gamaliel. Mkill. Sgeureka. Konstantinos VI. Tlesher. Ward3001. Danny. Coltenstokes. Billy Hathorn. Middlenamefrank. Flamurai.wikipedia. Alexis 23456789. Legalwatchdog. GorgeCustersSabre. Mihhkel. John Prattley. BD2412. David Gerard. Phbasketball6.Article Sources and Contributors The Wild One  Source: http://en. OberRanks. Tjmayerinsf. VisualBasicImp. Tommy2010. Dronkers. CecilF. TheMadBaron. David Gerard. RepublicanJacobite. D. Deltabeignet. The wub. Werldwayd. Sky Captain. 30 anonymous edits Sayonara  Source: http://en. Ed Fitzgerald. Livefastdieold. Sekicho. DeluxNate. PhantomS. Azucar. Rhaas. Vshumuk. Foofbun. Ed Fitzgerald. Rettetast. Taestell. Ed Fitzgerald. Urcolors. Sreejithk2000. Hal Raglan. Eclecticology. JGKlein. Mercurywoodrose. Donmike10.org/w/index. Dalida. 102 anonymous edits On the Waterfront  Source: http://en. Mentifisto. Rpab. Aaa89. Maccapvfc. Olivier.php?oldid=411102586  Contributors: 10qwerty. Karin127. Lugnuts. Smalljim. Xezbeth. Girolamo Savonarola. Queenmomcat. MachoCarioca. WOSlinker.php?oldid=389833374  Contributors: B3t. Bmecoli. Dpbsmith. RedWolf. Fodient. Erik. Sreejithk2000. Burdow. N-HH. Belovedfreak. Cometstyles. Iridescent. Pearle. Tassedethe. Levineps. Fallout boy. MinuteHand. Ted Wilkes. Bluejay Young. Neelix. Wool Mintons. Cliff1911. MegX. 3 anonymous edits One-Eyed Jacks  Source: http://en. Tedius Zanarukando. Grafen. AlbertSM. Zephyrad. Mercurywoodrose. Get-back-world-respect. ESkog. Brother Officer. RepublicanJacobite. TheMadBaron. Pegship. K1Bond007. IG-2000. Athene cunicularia. Nice poa. Herostratus. Ted Wilkes.php?oldid=411068074  Contributors: *drew. Wool Mintons. DeansFA. Patient Man. Anonymous from the 21st century. ShelfSkewed. Donald McKinney. Treybien. Dpwkbw. Laurinavicius. Okki. PatBrennan. Pseudomonas. Hoverfish. Gede. Skier Dude. Rsholmes. Adambondy. Jololli. 26 anonymous edits Reflections in a Golden Eye (film)  Source: http://en. TheMovieBuff. DoubleBlue. Cayla. Timc. Thefourdotelipsis. Hillock65. BiT. Kevinalewis. Orbicle. Eclecticology. TJ Spyke. Tremonius. Dutzi. Clarityfiend. Jzummak. DAFMM. Bantosh. Tjmayerinsf. DatsMamaLuigi. GCord52. Thismightbezach. Alloy. DWythe. Petecarney. MarkMcClelland. Bobet. Tpbradbury. Tbhotch. Lady Aleena. AarHan3. Sundevilesq. Lion King. Cleduc. Paul Magnussen. Kintetsubuffalo. Koyaanis Qatsi. DonPevsner.c. Treybien. Hu12. David Gerard. Cognita. SadaraX. Phe.. Melchoir. Runt. White 720. Swimdb. Spellcast. Paul Mavis. Tjmayerinsf. Seaphoto. Tassedethe. Ted Wilkes. Rsm99833. Ewlyahoocom. Tassedethe. Xfigpower. Kate. Biruitorul. Vera. Coder Dan. Jyavner.wikipedia.org/w/index. Plasticspork. Stetsonharry.org/w/index. Stilfehler. Sam Hocevar. ACA. Le Anh-Huy. Marktreut. Dismas. Lugnuts. Joey80. MachoCarioca. Nehrams2020. Conehead. ClamDip. Mintleaf. Gamaliel. Mallanox. HDS. Warpozio.wikipedia.org/w/index. Varlaam. JohnnE. Robneyer. Kbdank71. Edward. Wayland. Squids and Chips. Deltabeignet. Skier Dude. Amitvpai. D Marcescu. Kamkek. StuHarris. Nehrams2020. JeanColumbia. Chill Pill Bill. Marktreut. Sreejithk2000.wikipedia. Brunhildr. Djkimmons.wikipedia. Academic Challenger. RockMFR. MusicMaker5376. Storyliner.wikipedia. Sadads. Tim1965. Gmc87. Minaker. MovieMadness. JamesMLane. Chase me ladies. JamesBurns. XinJeisan. Wwoods. Fictionscribe. KPalicz. Donmike10. Matilda. Sayerslle. Dr. Nehrams2020. PigFlu Oink. SteveCrook. Cutler. Dreadstar. Davodd. Deceglie. VolatileChemical. Hnsampat. Films addicted. Scapler. Sreejithk2000. EamonnPKeane.php?oldid=409484348  Contributors: BD2412. Discospinster. Melchoir. RedWolf. Mandarax. Donmike10. Skymasterson. Jobnikon. Skymasterson. Cburnett. Reginald Perrin. Mk5384. Davidatwikip. Morven. Juliancolton.php?oldid=408090434  Contributors: Colonies Chris. Bovineboy2008.org/w/index. Clarityfiend. Hephaestos. Davidpatrick. Rlquall. Waacstats. Masoninman. MarnetteD. The Cunctator. Gogobera. Ionesco. Tcallahan. Googuse. Foofbun. Gadfium. Emerson7.wikipedia. Strobilus. Franz-kafka. Spencer.php?oldid=410597961  Contributors: AdamW. 9 anonymous edits The Appaloosa  Source: http://en. PhantomS. B3t. Skier Dude.php?oldid=410192559  Contributors: 23skidoo. Tkreuz. Willy. Skarebo. Koavf. AVRS. Phbasketball6. Ricky81682. DCNanney.php?oldid=380552745  Contributors: A Nobody. Foobarnix. Leonida. Welsh. Bobo192. P. HarryHenryGebel. Tassedethe. Dbzsamuele. The Fat Man Who Never Came Back. Savidan. Lord Cornwallis. DesdinovaUK. Chien-A. Ozzieboy. Brokenn. John K.wikipedia. H. Brianhe. Jbeans. Lenin and McCarthy.wikipedia.wikipedia. JGKlein. Swimdb.org/w/index. Man of wealth and taste. MacRusgail. Kostaki mou. KnightRider. Jsonitsac. Orbicle. Lacrimosus. ShelfSkewed. Billynomates009. Bovineboy2008. Dialectric.
Mcanmoocanu. Paul Barlow. WLU. Teiladnam. Lemonsawdust. Big Bird. Kookyunii. Liberatus. Lapse29. Tregoweth. Sreejithk2000. 7mike5000. Cpscotti. Kbdank71. Jiddisch. 5 albert square. Kaldari. FlyHigh. Betty Logan. Laquishadawg. Lacrimosus. Jeff3000. Tyguy101a. Tills. Jeanne boleyn. Aruffo. Shaynemaynard. Filipão. CyberSach. Dar-Ape. Pearle. GRuban. Achester99. Bovineboy2008. Ronhjones. Skier Dude. Pinktulip. Adoniscik. SiobhanHansa. Jovianeye. Can't sleep. Jeron. Sum0. Mangled Nervous System. Ran. Behemoth. Susurrus. Skier Dude. Loopy. CoolKatt number 99999. Kelevdog. Meaghan. ConeyIslandWhite-fish. Closer68. Tuspm. Hnsampat. Jamal Toure. Modernist. Beales.wikipedia. Raghus. Shirt58. Dude984. Hullaballoo Wolfowitz. Sinboy3. Wrp103. Chanlord. Sluzzelin. Erik. Rota. BrenDJ. Arbero. Willcross. Chyll. Moncrief. Yashveer r. Koveras. Trivialist. Kksuntae. Theartisticnerd. MER-C. Fedayee. JForget. Transity. Druff.org/w/index. Jll. Skyraider. Shipnerdbear. MartinVillafuerte85. Unschool. Slgrandson. Warren. Viva-Verdi. Copycatch. Pe boyee. Can972. NuclearWarfare. Jojhutton. EmanWilm. Ayonbd2000.php?oldid=411843296  Contributors: $Ceridian1. Fui in terra aliena. BishopOcelot. Lordsutch. HiDrNick. Nlsanand. TypoBoy. LDHan. Rivertorch. The Vampire Of Danbury. Sreejithk2000. Cpl Syx. Millancad.Conneticut 60 Million.McDougall. Hcb. Beetfarm Louie. GregorB. Nsfreeman. Seasee. ChrisGriswold. Gioto. Sweet xx.. VolatileChemical. Daftpunkboy93. PBP. Syzygy11. EpicFantasyStory. AgentPeppermint. Faqxh7. PSP 321. Thebdj. Logan. Stefanomione. Dgilman. Krash. Tbhotch. Oscarthecat. Dante26. AbsoluteGleek92. The Filmaker. Msgj. Copana2002. Dan the Man1983. Farnsworth1968. Ben-Bopper. Dramatist. Witteafval. Deckiller. SeanLegassick. Gladmax. Hqbach. Lady Aleena. Akriloth 99. Faithlessthewonderboy. Graham87. Corky842. David136a. Vitanuvola. Esrever. Jahlove1234. Funkychunky. Giacomo59. Maustrauser. DreamGuy. Katalaveno. Mark lamoureux. TyrS. Rocketscience. KConWiki. DCB4W. Monday317. HarryKG. Atom davis. Lou72JG. NickBush24. Films addicted. Kedi the tramp. MutantChair. SimonD. Lukeowens. Sibenordy. Tracymacl. Flewis. José María Sola. Sky Captain. LiveFyre. Dr. Shaunthered. CapitalLetterBeginning. Godfather7125. MikeWazowski. KnowledgeOfSelf. AskFranz. Hydnjo. Andrevan. Ashtonstreet01. Wknight94. Huberto74. TheTrojanHought. Redria. Moriori. The-Rob. Kf4bdy. Mike Payne. Thismightbezach. Danyboy674. Donreed. Glacier109. Humpston. PhantomS. Slavedriver. Echuck215. Ulogofren. TubularWorld. Kpw0001. Lizard381. Colchicum. FMAFan1990. Mjroots. Airplaneman.muller. TheMovieBuff. Edlitz36. Skosem. Beyond My Ken. Kimse. Gwilym. Visor. Tiptoety. Uknowme219. Warpflyght. Lowellian. Dominic Dominari. Mr Bound. Johnnydc. Varlaam. Empirecontact. Narsil. Maroniusvergilius. Seba5618. Doc glasgow. Massimo Macconi. Bhumiya. Esperant. Cartoon Boy. Caitcork. Saluyot. Yekrats. Donfbreed. PNW Raven. 47of74. Eganio. Midnight man. Ricree101. Wayward. EsperantoStand. Rd232. Joel Michael. Modemac. MachoCarioca. Mahmudmasri. Magister Mathematicae. Atroof. AJFederation. Mankadadog. Ryanh1994. Alipap7. Verybigfish86. Gildir. Subwayguy. Nafi1122. Highmovies. RitKill. DCT. Cubs Fan. Wilburmac. Girolamo Savonarola. Codelyokofan29. Claymoney. Whatislove. Robchurch. Willscrlt. Muna90. Q8-falcon. Quatonik.org/w/index. Giovanni33. Miami33139. Southparkfan1992. UnderDon. SquallLeonhart ITA. Webbbbbbber. Johnc69. Cometstyles. Renaissancee. Stunca. Ianblair23. Jagged 85. Gogo Dodo. Andygray110. Anclation. RHodnett. Retired username. Jnelson09. Arbitrarium. Dale Arnett. Sardanaphalus. McDonaldsGuy. GoldDragon. Ajaymonster. Appleboy. Arniep. DutchDevil. Ff1959.php?oldid=388612485  Contributors: B3t.best1. Amakuru. Mcshadypl. Irishguy. Appraiser. Purplecross. Dantadd. Thefourdotelipsis. Spencer. Tom Lennox. Dominik92. Suprekorean. Khoikhoi. Nono64. Sapporod1965. Someguy1221. Zscout370. FrankRizzo2006. Dudesleeper. Ziggurat. Villaroman83.php?oldid=411548234  Contributors: ***Ria777. Ccradio. Hom sepanta. JFrosty.php?oldid=388412015  Contributors: B3t. Joesixpac. Scorpion0422. Nicknackrussian. Targeman. Stwalkerster. Exert. Winky the tinkler. Djnastydj. Tradrrboy. Srasku. Goran33. Mrwill819. Lots42. Patchyreynolds. Kauffner. JHMM13. Dopey621. Tunes. Batman2005. Vchao. Ameliorate!. Redeeming Light. Reine de calcul. Shwinster101. Blahaccountblah. Dark Kubrick. Rogerd. Nyttend. AEMoreira042281. Tim1965. Sanchopanzadog. Madhero88. Duncancumming. Sweeismyname. Courcelles. Tide rolls. Lugnuts. Savidan. Laurinavicius. Reservoirdog1. Fschoenm. Supernumerary. Granpuff. Jed keenan. 3 anonymous edits The Godfather  Source: http://en. Gyrofrog. Thibaultviaene. Steve. Sean. Arad. Montgomery to Memphis  Source: http://en. Stack. Aleenf1. Perceptes. FaithLehaneTheVampireSlayer. Roadshell. Jgeoff. Pointlessforest. IKR1. Semper-Fi 2006. Omicronpersei8. Unyoyega. Xdiabolicalx. Joey Roe. Freddiefinger. Wiki alf. IZAK. Btphelps. Khalid. The JPS. GrahamHardy. EveryDayJoe45. InuYoshi. Kjdamrau. Vclaw.delanoy. Footballfan190. Bark. King of Hearts. Funkyvoltron. Tom. Hamiltondaniel. Jwatson413. Terence7. Psychotropic Agent. Yamla. Ceyockey. HDCase. Eeekster. Gavri. Oiuytre. NileRider92. Klantry01. MachoCarioca. Zotdragon. Coltenstokes. Kajasudhakarababu. Amansour21. Mild Bill Hiccup. Philip Cross. Parent5446. Intractable. Kevin B12. Georgebech. Sreejithk2000. Donald McKinney. Zzyzx11. Lewis waddingham. Kronecker. Chris Bainbridge. IamtheFrohman. Epbr123. ExtraordinaryMan. TJ Spyke. Mycroft. DanDud88. MD. AreJay. Luigibob. Captain Infinity. Liscobeck. Plasticspork. Filmerbob. Desalvionjr. Aphid360. GrumpyTroll. Akamad. JoshLMeyer. Skrooball. Dharmabum420. Mephistophelian. SirGecko.wikipedia. Donreed. Red21dragon. Mike1024. Peripitus. Pinethicket. Oatley2112. Seryred123. Lunchscale. Karthiktreddy. SigPig. BrokenSegue. J. Berean Hunter. Morgands1. Moose Boy. WCityMike. Phbasketball6. Michael Shields. Fan-1967. Gspong.org/w/index. Balmung0731. Adam. Del91. LSD. Cbrown1023. Priceshift. Jpgordon. Rainbower. Plutonium27. Madchester. Gprince007. Tomeasy. Esteffect. Rhetth. Rjwilmsi. Cenga. CBM. Bobet. Mastercylinder. M2K 2. Hargrimm. Alexf. Rohmerin. CyrilThePig4. Helder Dias. IronGargoyle. Ckatz. Jeandré du Toit. Maetch. Astorknlam. Biyaxow. John. Shawnc. EamonnPKeane. Salur. Ravichandar84. Soxos. Mulletron. George Leung. Leroyinc. Cross2k6. JLaTondre. Chazny. Jimbo online. Andrés D. EwokiWiki.wikipedia. Chuckbronson45.C. NasifHossain. Jaranda. Jamdav86. Csdorman. Bobo192. Remember. JohnnyChicago. Kgman6. Sordomudo11. Bob Castle. 12 anonymous edits Burn!  Source: http://en. Leszek Jańczuk. Sopranosmob781. Elockid. Floydspinky71. RevRagnarok. Baribeau. Wandering Man. K3rb. Ian Rose. Matchity. Bjones. Gregory Shantz. Unknown789. K1Bond007. Matty-chan. Smurrayinchester. RepublicanJacobite. ClickClickDerp. Freakimus. Iamaoldmaninchina. Edgar181. Donvitocorleonejr. Ed Fitzgerald. BauerJack4413. AzaToth. Darkspots. Sharbel2000. NawlinWiki. Uucp. Chowyun-fatlover. Goodlyguy. Gjs238. Moviemaniacx. Rohmerin. Nacimota. Jordancelticsfan. ESkog. Mschlindwein. Treybien. Entheta. Jogers. Cinemapd2. Skinnypez. Dycedarg. Butros. Siwelb. Skier Dude. Cremepuff222. Spebudmak. Bovineboy2008. Evlekis. Chigurgh. Sreejithk2000. Finduilas 09. Da monster under your bed. TheValentineBros. NightWolf1298. Wetman. Joeyvallone. Dysprosia. Trubye. Fizz69. Cmdrjameson. Elf242. Stormie. Whorchatasoto. DrRevXyzzy. DonMare.org/w/index. Wedineinheck. Dunnijc. Manfelice. Ladyofspain. Andrzejbanas. Iansic. Obina. Jamesooders. Pmrobert49. Pleasantville. Unionhawk. Wildhartlivie. Englishnanny305. Stephenb. R Bartholomew. Madboy202. Jeffq. Remmick2099. 2fort5r. Msreeharsha. Xbvca. Dogbert. Complex (de). Maggo7. Rsm99833. Rtcpenguin. Deadflagblues. Mikeyeulett. NathanBeach. Choalbaton. UDScott. Jabamula. Wang. Tv145033. The Thing That Should Not Be. Lord Cornwallis. TallulahBelle.php?oldid=405386735  Contributors: Akerans. Quoth. GeoffreyVS.php?oldid=400722973  Contributors: ABCxyz. GusF. Shadyjim. Tenebrae. LOL. Marskell. ChristalPalace. Ted87. Harryboyles. Toymonkey. Alex. One who knows. Winchelsea. Mteorman. Wavy G. Petegrew69. Hagerman. Jonay81687. Levineps. KnightLago. Optimus82. Blanchardb. Donrad. Lfcscottydoo. Erik. 4meter4. Arthurprica. Sfraza. Underwater. Evanreyes. David Gerard. Frankpontillo. Naurmacil. Woohookitty. Petadeo. Kilnburn. Whoermaster. Nightscream. Freakthegeek. Easchiff. SimonGreenhill. Timc. Canterbury Tail. StrawbsShadow. Angilbas. David Gerard. WordyGirl90. AgentAJD. Joe8609. CambridgeBayWeather. Jahiegel. Thepangelinanpost. Paulturtle. The JPS. Dynayellow.Article Sources and Contributors Candy (1968 film)  Source: http://en. On Thermonuclear War. Leiendeckera. Discospinster. D Monack. Hiddenplace. Jcpenny. Rande M Sefowt. Kiba. Cronullasoutherland. Furrykef. Majorclanger. Zepheus. CarryTheZero. Xezbeth. Freyr35. Octothorn. Woodstein52. Donaldd23. Icebox482000. Pixel Eater. Martijn Hoekstra. Lugnuts. Bjorn Martiz. Emote. Allumino. Cliff1911. Michaelbusch. Jacao. Gryffon. Andy M.. Morwen. Michael Snow. Ace ETP. Blofeld. 84user. SGCommand. Execupixah1. Stealth2525. Chantessy. Warpozio. Bongwarrior. Kodster. The wub.X. Masterv88. Kelisi. PeterSymonds. N5iln. Chanakal. Eliz81. ShadowHntr. Paulinho28. Godfatherantc. Camipco. From That Show!. Acalamari. IsaacMorrison. Minturno. Ertly. Konczewski. KeithD. Jonathan. Indecks. Tyrol5. Oxymoron83. Harrybatty2. Duk. Rkprods. Kanonkas. Zoe. Tony1. Labelephant. Stubblyhead. Jakistotle. Unidyne. Beyond silence. Hobbes3k. Dougweller. Mlindstr. Spitfire19. AnmaFinotera. Dr. Jahlove1234.W. Verne Equinox. Danski14. Ale And Quail. Kingmikeking. Pejoseph. MaGioZal. Angel caboodle. Vaparupun. Gh87. Theda. Silent Tom. Adambro. NorthernThunder. Bdve. Delldot. Blueboy96. Jrm2007. Rokbas. Ndboy. Fleming60. Fernando K. Hedgehogfox. Gooner Man. Sander Moholi. Philip Trueman. Bkell. Cayla. Emphinix. QuentinV.Holmes. Wikifried. Holon.Smoothie. Efb91. Enigmaticanant. OddibeKerfeld. Blackieratt. Davidzeronaire. Mistico. Jzummak. Mandel. Valentinian. Lil angelgirl87. Kollision. Astrovega. Libbyfriede. PINSKO. Acroterion. CapitalR. MadMax. Fratrep. Tommy2010. Froth. SlightlyInsane. Shadowcaster187. Philvid2. Deltabeignet. Steffen. Dukesta22. Toto and myslef. Lo2u. Plasticspork. Kidlittle. Clarityfiend.. Simon Beavis. Sabretooth. Noirish. Balster neb. Isherbin. Billtheking. Rich Farmbrough. Publius1688. Drunkenpeter99. KD5TVI. Schweiwikist. Balthazarduju. Seventy-one. Fedisking. Bueller 007. Zarbon. Namiba. JeanColumbia. Longhair. Andycjp. Pablo X. TPIRFanSteve. MrBojanglesNY. Sam. Auric. Crisu. PJtP.org/w/index. Ughmonster. Corleonelives. Yep8. Willking1979. Coemgenus. Coder Dan. Jawsnnn. Rich Farmbrough.wikipedia. TheProf07. Rjwilmsi. Biivii. RupertMillard. GimpChimp. Skeejay. Christian75. Epolk.Bruce. Lord Cornwallis. Pseudomonas. Fastily. Ajshm. Cartoon Boy. MiltonT. SaveThePoint. ArglebargleIV. Rudy Mesanza. Jasynnash2.wikipedia. Dasani. Click23. IllaZilla. M4gnum0n. 2tuntony. HellBlazerRaiser. 4twenty42o. Blofeld. Sdoroudi. PhysPhD. Polymathematics. Mrblondnyc. Robert Nagle. Gloriamarie. FCSundae. PepsiPlunge. Chris the speller. Krapug1. Dandv. Thefourdotelipsis. Tool2Die4. Richiekim. Ustye. 2364 anonymous edits  202  . Bcastaneda. The Claw. Johnnyblue387. DeWaine. Enter Movie. Mseyers. SMC. Sunderland06. Griffin324. CRIPNIT 69. ZenCopian. Falcon8765. 6 anonymous edits The Nightcomers  Source: http://en. Cromag. MachoCarioca. clown will eat me. Iridescent. Koavf. TimBuck2. Moment Deuterium. Repku. Chilly Penguin. Smarkflea. Xme. Colonies Chris. GianniM. Wizard909. Evansrjh. Asarelah. Cupidvogel. Garion96. Redsoxnation62. Nenog. Sfjpk30. JF Mephisto. Arnapha. Modulatum. Th1rt3en. Kernitou. Tough Little Ship. Crazyquesadilla. Therimjob. Tirkfl. Nate Speed. Keith Paynter. JMB153. Moondyne. Buttonwillow mckittrick. Maymay. ThatGuamGuy. Little Mountain 5. Pinkboy7. Tojest. LindsayH. WAS. TonySt. Phorpus. Avillia. Cardsplayer4life. Polysophia. Alientraveller. Jerzey jon. Pigman. Hapless Hero. Cosprings. Brian Brockmeyer. Samuel Blanning. Mckilc01. Iridescent. Patar knight. Neilypoo. DanielCD. Tutmosis. Tresiden. TenaciousD. Kurt Leyman. Jm307. Mitchellandness1. Attilios. Gaius Cornelius. Attokaran. SoccerD. Jmlk17. MarnetteD. Fuhghettaboutit. Captain panda. Thiseye. Kendricken. AdultSwim.org/w/index. Mepat111. Troy34. Alai. Sjalv. DaveTyla15. Rhopkins8. Llorando. Theresa knott. Raguleader. Anythingplusnore. El scorcho6. DevDuck. J. Paul Richter. Jlawniczak. Matlefebvre20. Ataraska. Eleos. KAMiKAZOW. Jack Sebastian. EeepEeep. Gamaliel. Paul Pogonyshev. Brycem. Rameriz. MahndiDaler. ^demon. Walkiped. Munnymann. Trebor. Faded. DBEFFGEN. Thingg. Stellacerveza. Vranak. MicoFilós. Betacommand. Duke of Lilywhite. MHarrington. Vegaswikian1. Excirial. CharacterZero. Micah23. Vulian. Victuallers. Rajrajmarley. Zion Curtains. 777sms. Mithunc. Favonian. Dadude3320. Atshamsi. CommonsDelinker. Slugger. Thefourdotelipsis. Azer Red. SweetP112. Nick R. Berenlazarus. DVdm. Collinf. Tabletop. Sottolacqua. Saint Ryan. Empoor. Grovemeister. DiegoTristan. LuciferMorgan. Alansohn.. ZFGokuSSJ1. Gorgeous Ferns. Koyaanis Qatsi. Jbarta. Danield7606.J. Bigbadwang. Cybercobra. Jojo2688. Jungsoonist. McBeardo. Gilliam. BenjaminS99. Apsmanuel. The Haunted Angel. Svanslyck. Crzycheetah. Sagaciousuk. Neverquick. Otto4711. Smash. Chris 42. Friday. Dzordzm. Rsimmonds01. Reviewking1. Poisonouslizzie. MachoCarioca. TheLastAmigo. Andrzejbanas. Millahnna. PKtm. Grutness. Fruit. Teddylayne. AaronSw. Kafziel. Floodamanny. Walter Dufresne. ThomasK. I dream of horses. David Barba. RattleandHum. Smoothiedudie. Kazantakis60. OptimumTaurus. KieranO653. WinTakeAll. SaliereTheFish. PolarOne. Veritasmaximal. Dbtfz. Joeywayne. Jweiss11. Moshe Constantine Hassan Al-Silverburg. Stevenscollege. Crotchety Old Man. ZooFari. Namanwiki. Jpgordon. Jienum. Vjlenin. Thumbtax. Dozenist. Tony Sidaway. Jengod. Humphreys1. Jjwhalen. GoingBatty. Shreemanth26 07. FuriousFreddy. Fallout boy. Kaoruchan21. Bakilas. Pezzonovante. Tpbradbury. Savolya. Sintonak. DanMS. That Guy. Attilios. Monopoly89. Supertigerman. Volatile. Dunks58. Dennyboy34. ArbiterQ19. 73 anonymous edits King: A Filmed Record. Carmichael95. StormXor. Arite. Moviethatbeginswithjaws. Ampae. Falconleaf. Piratefox. Mast3r Betty. 22 anonymous edits The Night of the Following Day  Source: http://en. Rdsmith4. Antique Rose. AngoraFish. Fumblebruschi. Noimnotokay. Pfulgione. Squishy Vic. Walloon. Davewho2. Fdssdf. Bobmangold. Last Contrarian. Jezzabr. NameThatWorks. Shakesphere17. Lukerulz153. Joey80. Dukemeiser. Mark a7x. Somanytictoc. John K. Mwlin1. Mikenassau. Lexein. Otter Escaping North. Redmosquito720. Jleon. DerHexer. Cayla. Indon. New Age Retro Hippie. Skier Dude. Gizmactherelentless.wikipedia. Tommyt. MegX. Hypermagic.
Enceladus. Matthewmayer. Everyking. MihaHovnik. This. Kross. Kbdank71. Bravo Plantation. Kchishol1970. Furrykef. Plasticspork. Rjwilmsi. Horsfield. Aurigas. Ucucha. PacificBoy. Harmil. Scott197827. Hiphats. PSP 321. Litalex. Annandale. Foobarnix. LGagnon. The Filmaker. PrimeHunter. Feitclub. BillFlis. Kricxjo. GlueyPorchBoy. Slinkydink. The Wild West guy. Esteban81. JasonAQuest. Heqs. Judson. Axl. Ckatz. Clintheacock66. Gamaliel. Patrick. Rich Farmbrough. After Midnight. Buzzerzen. DonDiego. Max rspct. Ameliorate!. Mütze. Daveyb420. Postdlf. Franker89. Ckatz. Jmjanssen. ProhibitOnions. Plutonium27. Joeyvallone. SunnySideOfStreet. Hgkamath. Angelbo. Stephen Day. Emdub510.wikipedia. Auntof6. DesertDiver. Pro crast in a tor. Comics. Brnoent. James086. Boradis. Kooshmeister. Hipocrite. 1013-Lisa. Narcala. Boduke343. SR78. Meisam. Tempshill. Kieranthompson. MachoCarioca. ChrisP2K5. Sinistro. Jtconroy88. Bovineboy2008. Crispyinstilly. Canadian1983ca. Icantbeursuperman69. PaigeAFI. Slgrandson. Erik. Carlosp420. Art1991. Jtalledo. Grunt. Jeffman52001. Sportomanokin. Toussaint. Corky842. DanielCD. Andrzejbanas. Garion96. CanisRufus. KarlM. Lupus Daemonicus. Phbasketball6. Mansteel. Andreasegde. Mrwojo. Redcountess. Paul A. Kubigula. Granpuff. EFF. Skrooball. Tony1. Chingerson. Dismas. Brian Kendig. Haza-w. DESiegel. DavidA. Michael Snow. Bolt Vanderhuge. Stevertigo. J@ffa. Tommyt. The Professor. Mark Sublette. Lafong. Andre Engels. DePiep. Nalvage. Rednblu. Helltopay27. =CJK=. Stemonitis. Philip Trueman. Flamurai. Skotte. Velho. Taak. Frank101. Litefantastic. Preacher King of Mao. Lepeu1999. Evil Monkey. Krupo. Films addicted. ShaunMacPherson. Sniper Zed. Excirial. Traumerei. Apostrophe. Discospinster. Jeff Muscato. A Karley. Thebogusman. V3rt1g0. Chcknwnm. Actam. CapitalR. StaticGull. MachoCarioca. Freakofnurture. FMAFan1990. Runtime. TheRealFennShysa. Iicatsii. Fratrep. NorthernThunder. Jordancelticsfan. Sarenne. Fordnatic. Fuhghettaboutit. Petchboo. SilkTork. Joemc72. Shizhao. Arbero. Dalen talas. From That Show!. QuasyBoy. Sfan00 IMG. Cosmotron. Nautilus43. Pearle. Betty Logan. MisterBadIdea. Soupnyc807. Rebochan. Brroebu. Snake 89. JudgePat. Bakoi. Elektrik Shoos. SFilip. Gamaliel. Andy Marchbanks. Ditcin.X. J04n. Hypermagic. Percy Snoodle. Versus22. Benjamin Ben-Ze'ev. Yestyest2000. Wahkeenah. Ylee. Blintz. Hugo Zorilla. Tankred. Christianster94. Thegreenj. Juandope. Caufman. Bubba73. DeadEyeArrow. Ryrie. Soup. RenniePet. The Famous Movie Director. ClarkF1. Eric2465. Martarius. BGC. Space Ghost 900. Brow1901. Mattk. Java7837. Silverxxx. Cedros. Mutt'sIndy5. Ode2joy. FredR. JayHenry. ER1969. Boblough. Pmarshal. Surv1v4l1st. Ianblair23. Pkmink. Alexius08. Jzummak. Template namespace initialisation script. THD3. Dr. Jabberwockgee. Teiladnam. Mithra2001. Randallking. Kelner. MwNNrules. Cameron W. Reginmund. Lugnuts. Woohookitty. Jahsonic. Celebere. Matthew Fennell. The Red Hat of Pat Ferrick. Elen of the Roads. Wmahan. Thefourdotelipsis. Shii. Davecampbell. Shadowhillway. LarRan. Daniel J. Pc283. Haus.org/w/index. Wavy G. Mahjong705. Blofeld. The stuart. Kennethjiles. Qwertyus.org/w/index. Tucu Mann. AnonMoos. Kittynboi. Mjspe1. 122 anonymous edits The Missouri Breaks  Source: http://en. 6afraidof7. Spongesquid. Rich Farmbrough. Emc2. Jmabel. Mindspillage. Mike Selinker. CLW. Jeff3000. HalfShadow. TMC1982. Donreed. Patar knight. MJR. DirkvdM. Ted Wilkes. Dffgd. Hardyplants. Jay-W. The Cunctator. LGagnon. Midnight man. Falsedef. Isfisk. TimBray. Uncle Dick. John K. Sensei48. Millahnna. Jg2904. EmiOfBrie. Jerzy.org/w/index. Wool Mintons. Daibhid C. Darklock. SparqMan. Rich Farmbrough. Crazyman9998. Dieter Weber. Andycjp. Luna Santin. KatharineHepburn. Millahnna. Prolog. ItsTheClimb17. Prylon. Konczewski. JohJak2. Lugnuts Superman (film)  Source: http://en. A.. Jlujan69. Sreejithk2000. MattGiuca. Scott5834. Chris 42. Eekerz. Template namespace initialisation script. Koavf. Thepangelinanpost. Optimus2g. Vfp15. 2T. Java13690. Fuhghettaboutit. Bladesfan96. Ed g2s. Midnight man. Macdogg. Sandstein. Davejenk1ns. Million Little Gods.collins. The Giant Puffin. Aaronjbryant. Pagingmrherman. UPL2229. 1812ahill. DirectRevelation. Nasmformyzombie. Modster. JRM. Kungfuadam. Vlad. Tom1907.s. NewEnglandYankee. Zalgo. Max Terry. Evergreen10. ValiantRed600. ColdFusion650. Jc37. Evil Monkey. PDTantisocial. Looxix. Penti. Erik9. Ppk01. Gov. The Mercenary 73. That Guy. Mattcolville. Paul A. Lonenut2000. LGagnon. Dvdverdict. D Boland. ArielGold. Otto4711. Mace. Linnell. BrianGV. Aliotra. Nareek. D4. Shermozle. Baseball Bugs. Iluvcapra. Dysepsion. Cpuwhiz11. Sjorford. Falcon9x5. B. Fredrik. EisensteinCarly. Gavin. Donreed. Nicole A. Capmango. Jimmy Slade. Rednaxela. Gildir. Hires an editor. Claygate. Shadowjams. Paul210. The Bread. Edlitz36. Jordancelticsfan. RodC. JStarStar. Daniel Case. Jimmy-tarbuck. LycianFelix. DCincarnate. WickerGuy. FrankRizzo2006. RepublicanJacobite. TomTheHand. Lightmouse. DMorpheus. S Luke. Bender235. Deltabeignet. Mucks. JHunterJ. Obelixus. Levineps. Hugo maldonao. Semper-Fi 2006. Benson85. Aptical. Big Bird. Logical Fuzz. Vinsfan368. John K. Mallanox. Ignatzmice. Hektor. Neutrality. J. Jblatt. Herbert James. DonQuixote. CmdrClow. New World Man. Msclguru. CJAProductionsandPhaleneStudios. Sandman30s. Levineps. AaronTovo. BishopAP. Limetolime. GraemeLeggett. Mcnet explorer. Hal Raglan. Tyronen. IAMTrust. Cardsplayer4life. Jondor. Fallout boy. Andrea105. Benoit 5. CumbiaDude. MithrandirAgain. Jum1801. Peramica. Lenin and McCarthy. Jaknouse. AbsolutDan. Anastrophe. Spoonman. Michael Devore. Lg16spears. BubbleDine. Alansohn. Mindcry. Attilios. Un chien andalou. Kocio. David Pro. Luigibob. ThaddeusB. Crash Underride. Giantcn. Plaakum. Narinukositkul. Ndboy. Ithinkhelikesit. OberRanks. Theblackjacks. NotAnonymous0. N4nojohn. Kellyprice. Trevor MacInnis. Mytvc15. Williamnilly. Avicennasis. JoaoRicardo. Mariomassone. NicholasPatsaris. Laughingman19. Mild Bill Hiccup. Osaboramirez. Soosed. Sonic Shadow. Anger22. Clemmy. Leivick. Michael Reiter. ColDickPeters. Correogsk. Nehrams2020. Leandar. Bensin. Laurinavicius. Morhange. Horkana. Guycarmeli. Valley2city. ProtoBuster. Robertotr. Cop 663. Comatose51. Emperor. Eeblefish. Fastfission. CaliSEAL. RattleandHum. Edlitz36. Miller17CU94. ARGOU. Lumrs. Hoodinski. Miss Madeline. Bovineboy2008. Londo06. Nuge. Giftedgamer. Lord Cornwallis. Saxonthedog. TFOWR. Golbez. Ettatrain. AlexGein. Firsfron. Pegship. Countryroads. Nakon. 5 albert square. RedWolf. MachoCarioca. Fumblebruschi. Jayen466. Jennica. Escapeartist. Akira625. Creando. Resmc. APOCOLYPSE7. Badcoverversion. TheSmuel. J Greb. Pamdhiga. Corsair1944. Dynaflow. NES Boy. Domthedude001. Humblefool. Jesster79. Lawikitejana. Alakazam.php?oldid=411863125  Contributors: *drew. Jaddle. TallulahBelle. Ja92bs. Usmc wes. Gonzonoir. Pedro cunha. Seifip. Lorenzop. Ross Burgess. Dcrasno. Dkendr. HarringtonSmith. FlashSheridan. Chris1219. Heilemann. JohnDoe0007. Kusma. Tds247. Morven. Arzachel.kt. LaszloWalrus. Bk0. Modest Genius. Santahul. Ineuw. Laurinavicius. Noirish. Dromioofephesus. Tide rolls. SQB. Apesbrain. Iune. Belsy003. JustPhil. Koyaanis Qatsi. Dr. Ragemanchoo. Quatonik. Richiekim.gnome. Deaconse. Willy105. Krakatoa. Zoe. Olivier. Andy Dingley. Closedmouth. Morwen. Thebigalan39. EagleOne. Suzenatale. TheOuthouseMouse. Noirish. Daz3dpanda. NeoBatfreak. Timrollpickering. Muzzle. Hersfold. Zondi. Andrzejbanas. Obamiac. F. JHunterJ. Hnsampat. Cglassey. Joshurtree. Storyliner. VictorLaszlo. Frecklefoot. Ed Fitzgerald. Khoikhoi. Apparition11. Darguz Parsilvan. RxS. Sol. Dekisugi. K1Bond007. Patrick Arnett. Gaius Cornelius. Catamorphism. Saebjorn. Voyagerfan5761. PMDrive1061. Colonies Chris. Mattbr. Mazi. Reimelt. Fnm2036. Wwoods. TheMovieBuff. Midnight man. Jeff3000. Quadell. Usernodunno. Tpbradbury. Fedallah. Penguin22. Bono747. Lynn25. Patternrec. Agustinaldo. Pc183. Mensurs. Adam McMaster. The kicker. Tennisstar42.machinery. Modemac. Sadads. Johnmichaelfitzpatrick. Hdh0. AdamDeanHall. Darwin16. Attilios. Dorftrottel. Fhb3. EnthusiastFRANCE. Synflame. Seraphimblade. Wackymacs.T. Gestumblindi. Stdjsb25. Neanderthalprimadonna. Phonemonkey. Pudgenet. Bloodonthesnow. Alexwcovington. Clerk-kent. Mark Foskey. Dutzi. Arturo57. DCEdwards1966. JTip73. Truthiness. Saxbryn. Cags1. The Singing Badger. Gilliam. Project2501a. Darrenhusted. Twisturbed Tachyon. LonelyBeacon. M brar. Causa sui. Warkel. Bakilas. Rohmerin. MikeWazowski. Dirk Diggler Jnr. Branxton. Foofbun. Jumbuck. Nightscream. Miranda. Axeman89. Quasar2112. Ugur Basak. SD6-Agent. SweetP112. Epbr123. Nigelpwsmith. Hzbloke. Grstain. Gandalf0204. Everyking. Me677. Sucellos. Bryan Derksen. Funkyvoltron. Solicitr. TheNotoriousAME. Alternative595. P music. Bendav. KF. Savolya. Scmods.org/w/index. Bobo192. Ilion2. DVdm. Chrislk02. Dsouthwick. Maunus. Stemonitis. David Gerard. TheLastAmigo. GoneAwayNowAndRetired.wikipedia. Berenlazarus. Cresix. Bueller 007. Treybien. Dalstadt. Darrenhusted. Fabiform. Theresa knott. Brogersoc. GS3. MegX. MattFisher. Lars Washington. AnmaFinotera. After Midnight. Good Olfactory. Regf798. Paul Richter. JonnyLightning. Keimzelle. Epbr123. Dattebayo321. J-boogie. HenkvD. Bruinmark. The lord of spoons. Djmutex. Marina T. IKR1. Segregold. Tedernst. Compuboks. RattleandHum. Thismightbezach. Darundal. Granpuff. Fakechampion. Tree Hugger. Fram. Majts. Hl. JYi. Deipnosophista. BGC. Soxin07. NapoliRoma. LouI. Chris 42. Andycjp. Derbent 5000. Mathman72. Angmering. DReifGalaxyM31. Ezzex. Calair. Umrguy42. GBH. Unregistered. Jtkiefer.php?oldid=411812455  Contributors: -5-. Dekkanar. Artihcus022. 23skidoo. Labelephant. Rfc1394. Swliv. Legend83. Pruneau. W guice. Elementalwarrior. Alexvickers.  203  . Freshh. Timc. Buckboard. Darkskyz. A3RO. GregorB. Harish. GeneralPatton. SGGH. Topher1078. Mirrormundo. Cliff smith. Maxim. Thomaskorp. Glennwells. OnBeyondZebrax. Simon Beavis. Films addicted. Bobblewik. SoM. Louschwing. Catpedantic. Kitch. Underwaterbuffalo. ERcheck. Kingpin13. VeryVerily. Satori Son. Sloggerbum. Slgrandson. Th1rt3en. Pabouk. DonQuixote. Ashley Pomeroy. TwisterAce. All Hallow's Wraith. Dwarf Kirlston. Proudfoot81. Betty Logan. GeneralAtrocity. RomanCandle61. Amniarix. Dan0964. Dekisugi. Kbdank71. Aranherunar. MikeWazowski. Flewis. Trainra. EliasAlucard. Mike996. Diceman. Riana. Donner. Thiseye. Johnebert. Synthe. Barry Wom. Bobet. Ackatsis. Oogles. Jedi Davideus. Lfh. Slatersteven. EurekaLott. Rjfost. Alientraveller. Postdlf. MegX. Bignole. ONEder Boy. Teiladnam. Vodak. Mscuthbert. Sn0wflake. Veritasmaximal. AlistairMcMillan. UDScott.wikipedia. Belkov. Vrenator. Danny. RLipstock. Skymasterson. NitPicky. Eclecticology. La goutte de pluie.php?oldid=370052569  Contributors: Bovineboy2008. Ixfd64. Dozenist. MetaManFromTomorrow. Deb. GeorgeC. Ayls. Slawojarek. BlueAzure. Greg carter. Rhindle The Red. KyNephi. Marcus Brute. DennisRandall. Redsox00002. BrokenSphere. RyanGerbil10. Cammoore. Crockspot. Ferdinand Pienaar. Darcyj. Polishchurch. Thuresson. Empty2005. R'n'B. A bit iffy. Adthegreat. Nathen. Jeremykemp. Is is Is. Ebg2465. Moogyboy. Chrlsuk. Ward3001. P3Pp3r. Sparrowgoose. SteinbDJ. Garion96. Agentcool. Kreativevn. Discospinster. Wool Mintons. Andyvphil. TDogg310. Tenebrae. Dutzi. Nukes4Tots. Jainituos. Twelveoaks. Rabidziggy. Jamesgibbon. Lambda. Sjones23. Ulric1313. Bluejay Young. Prodego. Josiah Rowe. Girolamo Savonarola. Palnu. Edgar181.org/w/index. Meatwod. Kauffner. TheNeutroniumAlchemist. Josiah Rowe. LittleSmall. StuartDD. Tinton5. Easchiff. Alpalfour. BigrTex. Thismightbezach. Tristan Morin. Foofbun. Lord Pistachio. Gzornenplatz. W guice. Mookie89. FlieGerFaUstMe262. Postdlf. Jonathan. Tommyt. Gabrielkat. Dmh. Snarius. Ante Aikio. JosefK. Ameliorate!. Stemonitis. Max Thayer. M. Cmdrjameson. Makarand deepa.php?oldid=407560388  Contributors: Anajemstaht. Skybunny. Loadmaster. Stefan Kruithof. Duoraven. John Z. Typhoon966. Smash. Kchampeon. The Drainpipe. Mike Payne. Iamcuriousblue. WLU. Thingg. R'n'B. Pinktulip. Piltren. GRiM-reapa. Tony Sidaway. AndrewHowse. Samuels. Snideology. Mvpoty18. Jce358. Kent Wang. Black Archer. Canterbury Tail. Keith Paynter. Mopula. Erik. Kkharsa. ThinkBlue. Ted Wilkes. The Invisible Man. Toreau. ElectricValkyrie. Lesgles. Razorflame. LordPerson. NWill. Abmulder. Ionutzmovie. Donmike10. Pennyforth. Razorflame. NeoSuperBlissey. Mwn86. Mattmcc. Tassedethe. Malickfan86. Derbent 5000. Pegship. Sancro. Iridescent. Cburnett.Article Sources and Contributors Last Tango in Paris  Source: http://en. DuoDeathscyther 02. Tbone762. NotSuper. Les woodland. Cuchullain. MaxVeers. AbsoluteGleek92. John Pannozzi.au. Plegovini. Fred Bradstadt. Bootkinero. PreciousRoi. RazielZero. Kilo-Lima. Deville. Philip Cross. Vic226. SF007. Mike Rosoft.php?oldid=411801716  Contributors: (open)Pretentious. PythonMonty504. Jopxton. Fcforrest. 777sms. MartinRobinson. Murcielago. Reimelt. ChrisGriswold. Leolaursen. C d h. Cupidvogel. Cat's Tuxedo. Darktower 12345. Lugnuts. Cubs Fan. Cpudestroyer. Davstreetinfo. Ayrton Prost. Carl Logan. Skapur. Chensiyuan. Hamiltondaniel. Thefourdotelipsis. 24 anonymous edits Raoni  Source: http://en.wikipedia. Enigmaticanant. Evenmadderjon. Blackshark eng. JustinHall. Kendrick7. Liftarn. Not Provided. Fpbecker. Parallel33. Achiu31. PJtP. Tronno. PyroTom. Violet Grey. Abronkeeler. Ling. Professor2789. Caroline Sanford. Itisme07. MachoCarioca. Jumble Jumble. Sanchom. Signalhead. Rossberry. 824 anonymous edits Apocalypse Now  Source: http://en. Martynreynes. Arctic. AmonSûl. BostonMA. Denny. Thaurisil. Dale Arnett. 23skidoo. Easchiff. Oo64eva.wikipedia. RepublicanJacobite. Rjwilmsi. Crimsontider. SlimVirgin. Lonenut2000. Mosesroth. Adamriggio. Anton-2492. Kinkyturnip. Edokter. Frecklefoot. Fx21av. Blanchardb. Cstella23. JosephMurillo. C1k3. Ilumnatr. Jpvinall. RicJac. Cribcage. Debresser. Kutu su. KnowledgeOfSelf. East718. Ashley Pomeroy. Gcapp1959. ChevyNazi. Saksham. DE. Unyoyega. ABCxyz. SkyWalker. Badgerpatrol. Spookyadler. Tabletop. The Librarian at Terminus. Bad Night. Archf 1. Verne Equinox. Owen. Myscrnnm. JeanColumbia. Kukini. Blofeld. Esperant. Ophois. Conversion script. Benlumley. Michael Hardy. Anger22. Slashme. DanDud88. Gurch. Belasted. Jj137. Hellbus. Soundman1. Kuralyov. Gillean666. J04n. Hl. Sintonak. PJfixesit. Gobonobo. Sus scrofa.. Arichnad. Tcsetattr. Dr. Morefun. Cptwillard. SingCal. FuriousFreddy. Ace Class Shadow. Leithp. Marbay. Xnacional. PBP. Ambarawa. CryptoDerk. Filipão. EurekaLott. Agilemongoose. Thucydides411. Dirtbag19. Diannaa. Olam Tiqqun. Bovineboy2008. Snoyes. VolatileChemical. Burton. The wub. NotACow. S. Rjwilmsi. JForget. 4v4l0n42. Maurice Carbonaro.D. Pethan. Jewishlibrarian. TracyLinkEdnaVelmaPenny.Nut. Redthoreau. Icon7. Lugnuts. Neelix. AbsoluteGleek92. Reedy. Wildroot.coward. AlexanderBT. Wafry. EEMIV. P. Cenga. Jamdav86. CaseyBennetto. Tempshill. Delorean. Sottolacqua. Simon12. Goustien. Cburnett. Mondozilla. Arkadium. Jb slasher. Cliff1911. Alientraveller. Tsemii. Jenkins. Leamanc. Rmrfstar. Merkinmuffly. Onetwosevencrazie.
A Nobody. Sreejithk2000. Zotdragon. Odin's Beard. Big pale. Markus Matei. Conman33. Crx2gen. Jamdav86. Ch'marr. Ahab1974. JStarStar. N. CharlotteWebb. Rrburke. Robertkaye. Cometstyles. Alan daniel. Kerowyn. NicoBolso. Jason One. Cobaltcigs. ErratumMan. Alakazam. Memo74. Localh77. Academic Challenger. Alvis. Maxpain. Gwandoya.wikipedia. ObiWan353. Wildhartlivie. Juan Cruz. *drew. Hardy1956. Doulos Christos. Rick Block. FMAFan1990.org/w/index. DonQuixote. Reinhardt91. Rich Farmbrough. Jedd the Jedi. Richfife. Lamor. Mhking. Granpuff. Quuxplusone. Gunkyboy. K1Bond007. ElfMage. Tominatrix. Billcosby. Matty j. Mattk4e. QQQ. Radiohawk. Landon1980. Oracle13. Jshutt. Delibebek. Swordman182. Kjkolb. Toussaint. Gwernol. Casbboy. Hmoul. Daniel913. Crystallina. The Mercenary 73. 1dragon. DarkFalls. Achmelvic. Treybien. JohnDoe0007. Mohamed mashaly. DivineLady. Giantdevilfish. Erebus555. Angmering. Nintendo Maximus. Frondelet. 42 anonymous edits Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse  Source: http://en. Cristan. JoshuaZ. Davey4. Coredesat. Skier Dude. Adambro. Easchiff. IceBluesUK. Fitch. Warsmith. Rednaxela. Merosonox. Els. Gray Spot. IceDrake523. Marcd30319. InShaneee. Geary. Gman124. Amadscientist. Elockid. Msa1701. Bokpasa. Titoxd. Eric119. Alvestrand. Beardo. CecilF. Estrose. MikeJ9919. TMC1982. CNash. Darrenhusted. MetaManFromTomorrow. Flowerparty. Khoikhoi. MikeWazowski. K6plqr915nsd. Bender176. Gtownlobby. Jonathan66. Mandarax. Pedro. Zzedar. KuRiZu. Mushrmboy. Good Olfactory. Orangemike. Dominic. Joel Kirk. Gerard Shannon. Myleslong. Qylecoop. Automn oliver. Jonathan. Kreia. Bignole. Jackp. Nehrams2020. EoGuy. Paydenmac34. D. Jeff schiller. Suckstobeabum. Notmicro. Depressed Marvin. John K. Martarius. SISLEY. Deano Langers. Hal Raglan. Moez.wikipedia. Ulric1313. Donmike10. Darth Panda. Uucp. Ryder555. Bruxism. Creepy Crawler. Immunize. MarcK. Maciste. Bugs5382. DoubleCross. Whkoh.O. Irishguy. Dispenser. Master Deusoma. FrankRizzo2006. Nalvage. Nick R. Hpfan1. Jolly bolton. Chochopk. DoctorWho42. Jolin. MachoCarioca. Dar-Ape. MachoCarioca. Garynine. Autobogg. Sander Moholi. Repulsion. Leszek Jańczuk. Dgoldwas. Treybien. Winterheart. Dserenberg. DarkAudit. MamaGeek. IstvanWolf. Evanreyes. Gzkn. Chockys. Benelohim74. Salad Days. Crazyaces. Horkana. BlueMoonlet. Sadads. Viriditas. Evanreyes. Howcheng. Plasticspork. Adavidw. Boywonder13. Fournax. Ikescs. Easchiff. Leoharvard67. Thefourdotelipsis. Prakharprabhakar. Eric Jack Nash. Azucar. Nihiltres. Hajakytovol. Irishwriter34. Brossow. Dvavasour. Fordmadoxfraud. Favonian. GregRM. Marcok. Zigger. MordredKLB. Wikidemon. Heydar. OwenBlacker. Destron Commander. Ron whisky. Emperor.php?oldid=411080803  Contributors: *drew. Barcode.org/w/index. Skymasterson. Simogasp. Cheener97. Oozer3993. CJMylentz. SISLEY. Lugnuts. Daniel Case. MamboJambo. Tabletop. Arimis. Koavf. Ellsworth. Larry80. Wurtzel. Evil Monkey. RJNeb2. Goofy14. Regularjohn44. Seegoon. Deltron151. Colliric. Bobak. Hippi ippi. Josiah Rowe. UltimatePyro. Incredi-Player. Zigs. Slusho42. Irishguy. Truance. Rattlesnake7. Adodge.wikipedia. Namanbapna. BillFlis. EamonnPKeane. Arcadian.wikipedia. Ashwinr. Rahulkolasseri. Malakaville. John of Reading. Don-Don. Tide rolls. DaffyDuck619. Darkness2005. Cubs Fan. Randalph P. Jesster79. CanadianCaesar. Andrzejbanas. -5-. Chowbok. Jbreshaire. All Hallow's Wraith.org/w/index. Next Paige. EdQuine. Hethler. Pablo323. PicoMedia. Arbero. Navidff. PaulVQ. Boxclocke. CanadianCaesar. Musical Linguist. ProtocolOH. Commander Shepard. J Arn. Thefourdotelipsis. Williams. ToastieIL. Olessi. Colinj. Andycjp. Easchiff.php?oldid=411890831  Contributors: Andrzejbanas. WickerGuy.php?oldid=402802297  Contributors: Anarchist2008. Irishguy. Eroteme. Noirish. Stefanomione. Nsaa. Zoe. Blackeagle. George Hickenlooper. Jogers. Cbrown1023. AnandKumria. Fishhook. Cluebert. Yekrats. Minfo. Edward321.php?oldid=387194281  Contributors: Addacat. Rfernand.arenas. Igordebraga. Richard Myers. Easchiff. Chancemichaels. Moshe Constantine Hassan Al-Silverburg. Rettetast. Fabiomarques. Jgb123191. Bonecrushah. Migospia. Andrzejbanas. Sjyglm. Grandpafootsoldier. Hiphats. Rbedford. Naturallyblind. Razzfan. Stevenmitchell. Indianstar. 1230 anonymous edits The Formula (1980 film)  Source: http://en. Duffman. Greenmind. The Watusi. Radosław10. Wutschwlllm. Raryel. Rutherfordjigsaw. Bentonia School. Risk one. Rhindle The Red. Estrose. JaGa. Xezbeth. Mallanox. APAD. RepSchnell. Ron whisky. Tower7. Freshh. Invincible Ninja. Yono.php?oldid=409247175  Contributors: Aardark. Chris 42. EliasAlucard. Tapioca Dextrin. Classicfilms. Karenjc. FarSky. Amberrock. Empty2005. Mikemill. Tano-kun. Vertigozooropa. Calvin08. Xic667. Willit63. Clashfrankcastle. Fuhghettaboutit. PBP. Andrzejbanas. MattR27. Billywhack. Aprouty. RonBatfreak. The Transhumanist.php?oldid=402822502  Contributors: Aodhdubh. MarnetteD. Cyrus XIII. Kieranthompson. Mchapra. Chadlupkes. Bovineboy2008. Robsinden. Mdiamante. ち り め ん 大 臣 . ReyBrujo. Kindread. EEMIV. Gaunt. Irishguy. Gwlesq. QuasiAbstract. Jp. Hl. Lugnuts. Dean3000. KeithLD. MONGO. Ecco1983. Treybien. Chase me ladies. Uucp. Sugar Bear. Goldduck. La widdle. Dyslexic agnostic. Crevaner. Hulsie. Nicholas0. Apostrophe. AnmaFinotera. Piltdown. Sreejithk2000. Quadratic. KitHutch. The wub. Dizagaox. Dol1701. Horkana. Fratrep. Wingedsubmariner. Northgrove. Razorback130.cinema. Patesta. Radosław10.bc. Ghirlandajo. Arnabdas. Cyko149. Digby Tantrum. Lamato. Michaelcarraher. Reminiscent.org/w/index. Deculpep. Demangel21. RedBanner. Renesis. Batmanand. Harmonik. Dabih. Daveyjones182. Cissa Sutherland. Gabbe. AlistairMcMillan. Agustinaldo. Henry Flower. Jason. Prophaniti. Levineps. Hotwiki. LtMuldoon. Lexi Silverstone. Kckoch. Luna Santin. CTLiotta. GangstaEB. GoodDay. Jsm404. Lenerd. Baseball Bugs. Oscarthecat. Queen of Swords. Erik. Richiekim. 89 anonymous edits The Brave  Source: http://en. Hashproduct. Leader Vladimir. Kusunose. ExpressingYourself. Erik. Ixfd64. Glane23. Bond1212. Sven Erixon. Nahald. Doc Comic. Cornucopia. DiogenesNY. 42 anonymous edits The Freshman (1990 film)  Source: http://en. Jabbathenut. Lg16spears. Jhsounds. Freddie1988. Marvin the Parinoid Android. Emurphy42. Cytang. Nricardo. Marblespire. NeOak. Doctorfluffy. Fearfulsymmetry. Dv2. Boris Crépeau. Rtkat3. Rich Farmbrough. Cliffb. Dekisugi. Limetolime. 33 anonymous edits Don Juan DeMarco  Source: http://en. EJBanks.henderson. Jnestorius. Shawn in Montreal. Ricky81682. Yourfriend1. clown will eat me. Possecomitatus. Lenin and McCarthy. Professor2789. Joeblack982.php?oldid=411621790  Contributors: *Kat*. Larry V. Martarius. Blueboy96. Mikya. LordEdzo. Sreejithk2000. Skier Dude. Dustimagic. DiScOrD tHe LuNaTiC. Fx21av. Klapi. Radosław10. Bladesfan96. Jc37. Marcus Brute. Skier Dude. 97198. Graham87. Dahung. CiriloMechas. Klow. Wknight94. Dillmister. Master Yugin. Mooman95. Zone46. AdamDeanHall. Jeffrey123450. AlbertSM. GoneAwayNowAndRetired. Clarkbhm. Lugnuts. Minamoto. P0p0. Marcg106. Rrburke. Pedant. Irunwithscissors. Nemeng. Kintetsubuffalo. Million Little Gods. Duk. Kitch. Jim. Ratchetcomand. Gl873. ColdFusion650. Bryan Derksen. Rmx256. P4k.kt. Homey104. Mark Foskey. WTucker. Montecore's Revenge. Havermayer.  204  . Jay-W. Glennchan. TheMovieBuff. JPG-GR. Parallel or Together?. Donmike10. Nehrams2020. Madchester. WagByName. Moreau (1996 film)  Source: http://en. BigDan. Kintup. Kiwidude. Halibut Thyme. Proofreader77. Keeves. Jamesmassola. Rtkat3. Sander Moholi. Gaius Cornelius. Oreos. Kidlittle. Corixidae. Llowe2008. Donimo. Irishguy. Tassedethe. GrahamHardy. Archit Patel. Mansteel. BrownHairedGirl. Pmsyyz. Fernandobouregard. Millahnna. Wi-king. Roux. TommasOz. Ward3001. Mel Etitis. Josephgrossberg. Zidel333. The wub. MrStalker. Mrblondnyc. Woohookitty. Nakakapagpabagabag. CLW. Ace ETP. Donaldd23. Bobo192. Topbanana. Darkone29.org/w/index. Nadirali. BladesCrusade. Alakazam. Kuralyov. Dwanyewest. MathUser2929. OldSkoolGeek. Wedineinheck. David Gerard. Alyssa3467. Brian8710. Neale Monks. Killingthedream. Palladinus. Canglesea. CmdrClow. Lugnuts. Davidkevin. Mrs benoit. Freshh. Hobbesy3. Yashveer r. Borisblue. Lawyer15n. JFP93. GLENN THE TOOL. Searcher 1990. Cooksey. Eloquence. Remember. Abbagaba. J44xm. Arjun01. GSK.php?oldid=410073767  Contributors: 4meter4. Gdftaylor. Krabs520. Extraordinary Machine. OSU80. Teorth. Chris Ssk. 37 anonymous edits The Island of Dr. Wildroot. Palpo.org/w/index. Mareino. Black Eagle. Duggy 1138. Rufasto. Bearcat. Infrogmation. Krellis. Cayla. Toby936.wikipedia. Bacteria.. Birdlike. Jlbarron. Zambaccian. Erik9. Aresef. 38 anonymous edits Free Money (film)  Source: http://en. Letsgomets1212. Dismas. ZooFari.org/w/index.wikipedia. Jay-W. Work permit.php?oldid=409191967  Contributors: Bovineboy2008.wikipedia. TubularWorld. F J. Wctyj. Kbdank71. DoubleCross. Ericlipps. Jack Cox. Rhindle The Red. Chan Kok Hooi. Dr. Apokrif. Vrenator. Orbicle. Mallanox. Gillespee.knight. Careless hx. Richardcavell. John Pannozzi. Mutt'sIndy5. GusF. Minaker. Williamnilly. Darth NormaN. Darkness2005.delanoy. AndrewS. HJensen. Softlavender. Johnelwaq. Navstar. GageCSayre. AN(Ger). Fortdj33. J 1982. J Greb. Damfino52. Sreejithk2000. Radosław10.wikipedia. Redcountess. NeoChrono Ryu. Fieldday-sunday. Ellsworth. John K. I'm the Cavalry. Cooldude3240. Eli mak films. Gerginjeim. Blofeld. SchfiftyThree. Blaximus The Great. Wool Mintons. Meatwod. Anakinjmt. DutchDevil. Noclevername. Jimscrooge. Misza13. Yellowbuddy. Omicronpersei8. Jack Merridew. Bramey60. Dpwkbw. David Gerard. Vince Vatter. Yuriybrisk. Redheaded dude. Yellar.Article Sources and Contributors WAS. Gscshoyru. Alamandrax. John J. Bulten. Jmg7822.O. Dirgni1986. Lord Jim. Officer Boscorelli. Schmendrick. Wadems. GregorB. Cammoore. Pennyforth. Rlove. Tjic. RattleandHum. Encuser4. Donfbreed. Kuru. TheTruthiness. Mschel. Berks911. CovenantD.org/w/index. ABCxyz. Brandon James Routh. Davodd. PhotoBox. JuJube. Trumpetrep. Kelvingreen. Granpuff. Art1991. YUL89YYZ. Jeffman52001.wikipedia. Neofelis Nebulosa. The wub. Betty Logan. Frontinoluca. Alai.org/w/index. Haji11. D-Rock. Kollision. Zaian. JzG. Sreejithk2000. Kchishol1970. Dr who1975. RoyBatty42. Jarrod K. Cliff1911.org/w/index. Maddox. Dmgerman. JoanneB. Krabs502. The prophet wizard of the crayon cake. Basreuwer. CLW. KathrynLybarger. Flere-Imsaho. Brwest06. Epiphone83. Jjpalomino. Katieh5584. Hoverfish. Jonny5244. RealityTelevisionFan. Fritz Saalfeld. Visforme. Fitly. Big Smooth. OutRider2003. Buddy-L. D6. NorthernThunder. Dotcanada. ChrisCork. Iridescent. Dvd Avins. RoyBoy. Tim Long. Dryke. Anonymous Dissident. Aeusoes1. Alexd17. Fabulous Creature. Noirish. Propaniac. Yamla. C00kiemnstr. Ajm81. Hassan Natha. Bhuttu. Powerofjuju. Bencey. IMLX. Breadocide. Namiba. Mike Rosoft. Hullaballoo Wolfowitz. Iquadri. Redrocket. Teo64x. Ebyabe. Ayechaw. ChrisGriswold. Caswin. Dwanyewest. FMAN. Duke Starhopper. Snigbrook. Hmrox. King Shark. Cwolfsheep. Primogen. Hikui87. Krash. 23skidoo. M baptiste. Ra1d3n. Rjwilmsi. Fourthords. Sreejithk2000. Seasponges. 11 anonymous edits The Score (film)  Source: http://en. Shakirfan. Bando26. Rje. Davelukeford. Mageman. Sharpie87q. Pegship. David Gerard. MattGiuca. Oxymoron83. Cburnett. Can't sleep. Phthoggos. DeWaine. Japanese Searobin. FMAFan1990. Badcoverversion. Firsfron. Captain Quirk. Vianello. Letsgetgoing. Hbdragon88. BOARshevik.org/w/index. Asfarer. Gunslinger. WilyD. Mattgoldman81. AdAstra. Nezu Chiza. JAMALDX22. Slysplace. Alfiboy. MetaruKoneko. Poadge. Michaelas10. Dominicus Cerberus. clown will eat me. Rich Farmbrough. Web250. Little Jimmy. Stefanomione. Jaxl. 1255. Lilyu. Sohollywood. Granpuff. Zippanova. Mvpoty18. Biocyte. Fmafra. Jusdafax. Jheald. Necrothesp. Ozan Ayyüce. Nick47. Alaric Deschain. Fratrep. Yourfriend1. Goodnightmush. Booshakla. Mrjcdc. Barista. Ron Ritzman. Mandosulc. Igordebraga. Doug Coldwell. Sundevilesq. Beetstra. Chris1219. Gatemansgc. Martian. Harish. TheMovieBuff.php?oldid=398831812  Contributors: 100110100. MachoCarioca. Passive. 9 anonymous edits A Dry White Season  Source: http://en. FutureNJGov. Timeineurope. WildlifeAnalysis. Ed629. Male1979. Filll. Alientraveller. BIllyBoy66. Whatthe--421. Moanzhu.s. MachoCarioca. Exciterwriter. Mclay19. Folkform. Erik. Gunsfornuns. ArkLeo. Mel Etitis. AnmaFinotera. Cribcage.wikipedia. Esprit15d. Wyatt Payne. Mensurs. Wezelboy. Cg-realms. Bad Night. Arman88. Maxbone007. AbsoluteGleek92. Patriarch. Swimdb. Rpab. Joemc72. Doctor6754354.M. Randroide. TheTwoRoads. Mechanical Jesus. RyanGerbil10. JustinHall. Brandeks. Boblough. Sreejithk2000. Ye Olde Luke. Reedy. IKR1. Poor Yorick. Error. Mesolimbo. Hikarub. TheRanger. Yourfriend1. Amariyah. Damitch17. Marktreut. Nightscream. Mav. Aaron Bowen. Grutness. Gary King. Edward. Wool Mintons. Ppk01. Masaruemoto. ItsJustSomeRandomGuyBiggestFan. JuliaVictoria. Dekkanar. Corbo628. Doprendek. Cliff1911.wikipedia.php?oldid=392547860  Contributors: Bearcat. Paige Barbeau. DeWaine. Dposse. Jwillbur. Quarterczar. Americanhero. Can't sleep. Daryllwin. DepressedPer. Modster. 24 anonymous edits Christopher Columbus: The Discovery  Source: http://en. Gabbe. Johnnyfog. Manofthespoon. WikHead. Treybien. Praisem247. Nmajdan. Darev. J. Michel1986. Relly Komaruzaman. Conti. Midnight man. Poison the Well. EVula. Hajj628. 70 anonymous edits Superman Returns  Source: http://en. Blahs34. Da limey. Kooshmeister. Litalex. Bozhawk. Myscrnnm. Rich Farmbrough. E edwards ellis. Nehrams2020. Ophois. J Di. Belovedfreak. EntChickie. Chris Capoccia. Crumbsucker. Elixer25. Ghostchild23. Andrzejbanas. TheMovieBuff. JCO312. Masterhatch.
Silarnon. The man with the golden keyboard. SoM. Tomwchow. Thumbsucker-UK. Wiccamoon13. Evil-yuusha. Tyronen. Osaboramirez. Wiki is my homepage. Teloss. Chris 42. Sintaku. Jagged 85. Vranak. Tcncv. Trevz. SR78. Th 2005. Jtalledo. TheLH. After Midnight. TJSwoboda. TøM. Youssefa. Trivialist. TITROTU. Wayne Stewart. Wildroot. Son of Kong. Stinkehund. TashTish. Sithgoblin. Zero X Marquis. Varengo71. Supertigerman. Spiffy sperry. Cooldude3240. Smash. All Hallow's Wraith. Welsh. Williamnilly. Sonam8311. Supermann. Format. Simonne. Puceron. Garion96. Videmus Omnia. Waza. Superstooge. Długosz. Kollision. Spman0688. Scorpiona. Legend83. Simon Dodd. Colonies Chris. Iridescent. CrnkMnky. Wiki Raja. Spongesquid. Speedoflight. Kungming2. Mr WR. Typingguy. Keeves. Cartoonbook. Kchishol1970. Aren't I Obscure?. Bobo192. Crazynas. Vmrgrsergr. Fourohfour. Ophois. TheParanoidOne. Trivialist. Intgr. Tuxedo Mark. Kuralyov. Thatcher. Baseball Bugs. Sujit. Timrollpickering. Goofy14. Travisbell. Stabilo-e. TrevelyanL85A2. Xanzzibar. Websurfer246. Thelost1. Zippidydodah. William Pietri. Kerowyn. Endlessdan. Anyeverybody. Sketchee. Woohookitty. Vilerage. Vlouie01. Frehley72. TheBlazikenMaster. Xleax. Ceyockey. SuperHamster. The Rogue Penguin. Jaganath. Typhoon966.php?oldid=410968777  Contributors: -5-. Ttenchantr. Who What Where Nguyen Why. Caligulathegod. BorgQueen. WikiInformer. Ward3001. Truthiness Jones. Erik. Vanished User 0001. Falconcrestfan1981. SR78. Thefourdotelipsis. SimonKSK. Ztnorman. Mansteel. Simon12. Tandy212. ElKevbo. Superstooge. Southfork. Ken Gallager. TwilightMan. Vertigozooropa. SuperDLotS. 23skidoo. Andrzejbanas.Article Sources and Contributors RyanGFilm. JStarStar. Sidewinder572. Antmusic. JeffJ. ThinkBlue. Gildir. Scholarstorm. SD6-Agent. Iicatsii. TK(film). Trezjr. Silent Tom. SteinbDJ. Spazz488. Simon Beavis. SFilip. SiobhanHansa. Shentosara. Schmendrick. Tobes00. TheWave. Art1991. Dsf. Xanderall. J Greb. Luwilt. Racantrell. Aye Carumba Fajita Pizza. Susurrus. Stux. SCSI Commando.com. BGC. SpuriousQ. Dto. DanDud88. Vjamesv. Ben Culture. JForget. Yym1997. Simoragn. REDYVA. TMC1982. SuperMan. Theroeffect. Don-Don. J bradford21. Martarius. Sir. Mhking. Geniac. Uncle Milty. Oknazevad. Tverbeek. Anakinjmt. Gaunt. Tabletop. SkyWalker. Stephan Schulz. Teh Spaz Monkeh. Harish. GroovySandwich. Snk16. Darrenhusted. Etphonehome. Modemac. Supefan. LukeSurl. SQGibbon. Tommyt. AaronD12. Ylee. Watemon. Xfpisher. Veemonkamiya. SimonLyall. Stdjsb25. TashTish. Wtatour. MJBurrage. Sir Crimson. Themartinmen. Cbing01. AdamDeanHall. Tango. Wool Mintons.wikipedia. TKD. Stolengood. WesleyDodds. 2282 anonymous edits Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut  Source: http://en. Tbrittreid. Seb Patrick. Jc37. Sertrel. Hiphats. Ursasmar. WesleyDodds. Umdunno. Staxringold. Harryedwards. Sfan00 IMG. Spinach Monster. Jeffpw. Iamstillhiro1112. TechnoPops. Shredman. Shawnshawn99. DonQuixote. Useight. Everyking. Dycedarg. Xezbeth. Sheridan. Samir. Rhindle The Red. Mrwojo.christopher12@gmail. Seinfann. Vmrgrsergr. Tommagic. Tregoweth. MathUser2929. Yankees76.org/w/index. Emperor. Tobias382. World Cinema Writer. Smaunsell. Wiki alf. David Gerard. Doniago. Faded. Sweetiepetie. EliasAlucard. The 80s chick. DutchDevil. TerminalNY83. Wahkeenah. Smclaypool. Rebelofnj. MattGiuca. Tenebrae. John. Granpuff. LongHairStu. Versitywater. Captain Infinity. Sportomanokin. Damifb. Yerpo. Seraphimblade. Shadow1. Zythe. SilverskyRO. Righttovanish1. Synystergatesemily. ThePatman. The Filmaker. Ynhockey. Stalmannen. Smelly123. FuriousFreddy. Vanished user 03. Squirepants101. Farolif. Tdilindsay. Zero1328. The ed17. TheoDeKlerk. TFX. ThuranX. Willy105. SpongueBob. SigmaEpsilon. StephanDEsq. Musiclover. Tommy 6000. Epolk. Stoshmaster. Doczilla. Suttercain. TreasuryTag. Limetolime. Donmac. Ubernostrum. The 80s chick. MikeRS. SeraphX3. TMC1982. Shakirfan. Themeparkgc. Zotdragon. Ztnorman. The Duke of Waltham. Ultimatebatman. Ljones. Webhat. Scarletspeed7. Areaseven. Sivazh. Haemo. Fratrep. Dmcman. UrukHaiLoR. CJAProductionsandPhaleneStudios. Martpol. Shiek927. Ndboy. Tgunn2. BrotherFlounder. Dotcanada. Wrvavra. Manefraim. Brian8710. Benscripps. Wasinoz. Plrk. Krycek7o2. Trekphiler. Swashbuckler332. Polisher of Cobwebs. Seinfreak37. AnonMoos. BOARshevik. ScudLee. Skynet1216. Jason. Yodalee. Skully Collins. Scn7471. Scarecroe. Fritz Saalfeld. Smashville. Zone46. Eekerz. USN1977. ShadowUltra. Lee M. 1050 anonymous edits  205  . Sparrowgoose. Jwk3. Horkana. Teenwriter. Mike R. Y2kcrazyjoker4. Zondor. Yggdrasil014. ShelfSkewed. Skrooball.cinema. Nogoodatcoding. SynergyBlades. ProtoBuster. SuperBlade. Sirgregmac. Soetermans. Toddst1. TheUncleBob. Wackelpudding. TheGreatSaiyamanX. Leandar. SJP. Snowman Guy. Savolya. William5000forever. SirGrant. Bark. Typhoon966. Suttercain. Spookyadler. Harryboyles. Zuracech lordum. TheTruthiness. Lg16spears.
Skier Dude.org/w/index. Skier Dude File:Godfather_ver1. Videmus Omnia.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: King of the North East. Wedg Image:Vivien Leigh in Streetcar Named Desire trailer 2.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: MachoCarioca.jpg  Source: http://en.JPG  License: unknown  Contributors: MovieMadness File:Flag of the United States.org/w/index. Wikiwatcher1 File:Bedtimestoryos. Juliancolton. 2 anonymous edits Image:Brando apoc. Kbdank71.org/w/index. Rorschach567.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Calmer Waters.wikipedia.wikipedia. 1 anonymous edits Image:Sprmnmovie.jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:Reflections_in_a_golden_eye.jpg  Source: http://en. MachoCarioca.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: unknown File:Reflections_in_a_golden_eye.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Calmer Waters.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: MachoCarioca File:Acropolis Now (Economist cover.org/w/index.php?title=File:Viva_Zapata!.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot File:Wildoneposter. Thomp File:FugitiveKind.php?title=File:The_Appaloosa66. Rhindle The Red.php?title=File:Original_movie_poster_for_the_film_Sayonara.svg  Source: http://en. (ca.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index. Rhindle The Red. MachoCarioca File:Guys and dolls movieposter.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: unknown File:Viva Zapata movie trailer screenshot (12).jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Addict 2006.jpg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: David Pro.org/w/index.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index.php?title=File:Superman_ver1.jpg  License: Free Art License  Contributors: User:Patient Man File:On the Waterfront poster.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index.php?title=File:Marlon_Brando_in_Julius_Caesar_trailer.jpg  Source: http://en. Calmer Waters.php?title=File:Superman_movie_vid_cap2. Skier Dude File:Streetcar_original.jpg  Source: http://en. User:Jacobolus. User:Technion. Skier Dude File:Original movie poster for the film Morituri.jpg  License: Public Domain  Contributors: Sophie Rosenstein (for Universal) Image:Viva Zapata movie trailer screenshot (25).jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:Bedtimestoryos.php?title=File:Baldwin_Brando_Civil_Rights_March_1963.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  Source: http://en. Ed Fitzgerald.jpg  License: Attribution  Contributors: Calmer Waters.wikipedia.wikipedia.jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:Acropolis_Now_(Economist_cover.org/w/index. MachoCarioca File:Night of the following day ver2.wikipedia.org/w/index. 2 anonymous edits Image:Jor-EL.php?title=File:Night_of_the_following_day_ver2. Skier Dude Image:Marlon Brando in Julius Caesar trailer.org/w/index.S.php?title=File:Missouri_breaks_movie_poster.org/w/index.php?title=File:Jor-EL.php?title=File:Teahouse_movieposter.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Gustav VH. Ricky81682.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot Image:Godfather15 flip.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: MachoCarioca.wikipedia.jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:On_the_waterfront_5.jpg  Source: http://en.wikipedia. Sfan00 IMG. Skier Dude File:Mutiny_on_the_bounty.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=File:Apocnow.wikipedia.jpeg  License: unknown  Contributors: Orbicle.php?title=File:Julius_caesar.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Ed Fitzgerald.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Bkell.org/w/index.jpg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.php?title=File:Mutiny_on_the_bounty.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot Image:On the waterfront 5. MachoCarioca.org/w/index.jpg  Source: http://en. 1 anonymous edits Image:Baldwin Brando Civil Rights March 1963.php?title=File:Eva_marie_saint_marlon_brando_waterfront_2.wikipedia._May_1_2010). DeadEyeArrow.jpg  License: Public Domain  Contributors: U.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot File:Desiree.wikipedia.org/w/index. Rhindle The Red File:Apocnow.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Geni.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot File:Book cover for "The Men".Image Sources.php?title=File:FugitiveKind.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index. Premeditated Chaos.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: King of the North East.wikipedia.jpeg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.JPG  License: unknown  Contributors: Baseball Bugs.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index.php?title=File:Desiree.org/w/index.org/w/index.jpg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.wikipedia. MachoCarioca.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot File:Viva Zapata!.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot File:Brando van Vechten3.wikipedia. Sandstein  .jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: MachoCarioca.org/w/index. ZenCopain File:LastTango.jpg  License: Attribution  Contributors: Dr.org/w/index. Quadell. Skier Dude File:The Chase .php?title=File:Marlon_Brando_in_Steetcar_Named_Desire_trailer. TheDJ. Petrusbarbygere. MachoCarioca File:Teahouse movieposter.php?title=File:Flag_of_the_United_States.wikipedia. PhilKnight.jpg  Source: http://en.1966 Poster.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: AEMoreira042281.php?title=File:Candy_movieposter.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=File:Book_cover_for_"The_Men".org/w/index.php?title=File:Streetcar_original. Mendaliv.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index.wikipedia. Rhindle The Red.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index. King of the North East.php?title=File:LastTango. Colonies Chris.org/w/index.wikipedia.JPG  Source: http://en. King of the North East.php?title=File:Guys_and_dolls_movieposter. Dream out loud.org/w/index. Skier Dude.org/w/index.php?title=File:On_the_Waterfront_poster.org/w/index.wikipedia.org/w/index. Limetolime. Wahkeenah Image:Superman movie vid cap2. MachoCarioca File:Candy_movieposter.org/w/index. Nv8200p.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Blathnaid.wikipedia.JPG  Source: http://en. Licenses and Contributors File:Marlon Brando in Steetcar Named Desire trailer. Melesse.org/w/index. May 1 2010). Carmouche.jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:Godfather_ver1. Lugnuts. 1953 .org/w/index.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Durova File:Universal Talent School. Mindcry. Melesse.wikipedia. Kbh3rd.php?title=File:Viva_Zapata_movie_trailer_screenshot_(25).wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Good Olfactory.php?title=File:Godfather15_flip. MachoCarioca.org/w/index.php?title=File:Wildoneposter.wikipedia.org/w/index.wikipedia.php?title=File:Vivien_Leigh_in_Streetcar_Named_Desire_trailer_2.jpeg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Ed Fitzgerald Image:Eva marie saint marlon brando waterfront 12.jpg  Source: http://en. User:Zscout370 File:One Eyed Jacks poster.org/w/index.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Krullel.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Calmer Waters. Red devil 666 Image:Eva marie saint marlon brando waterfront 10.wikipedia.org/w/index. Reimelt File:Superman_ver1.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: AEMoreira042281.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: User:Helltopay27 File:missouri_breaks_movie_poster. Petrusbarbygere.org/w/index.jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:Original_movie_poster_for_the_film_Morituri. Juliancolton.jpg  Source: http://en. PythonMonty504.wikipedia.php?title=File:Marlon_brando_waterfront_1.ca.wikipedia.wikipedia. Licenses and Contributors  206  Image Sources. Sfan00 IMG.wikipedia.wikipedia.org/w/index.jpeg  License: unknown  Contributors: Lauren.wikipedia. Anetode.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: unknown File:The Appaloosa66.php?title=File:One_Eyed_Jacks_poster.org/w/index.org/w/index.wikipedia. MachoCarioca. User:Indolences.php?title=File:Eva_marie_saint_marlon_brando_waterfront_10. Information Agency.jpg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index. Press and Publications Service.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot Image:Karl malden eva marie saint waterfront 4. Skier Dude. Sanchom.php?title=File:Karl_malden_eva_marie_saint_waterfront_4. PDTantisocial.org/w/index.org/w/index.php?title=File:Brando_van_Vechten3. Xbvca.wikipedia. J Greb.php?title=File:Sprmnmovie.org/w/index.jpg  License: Attribution  Contributors: Columbia Pictures Image:Brando Mural Chicago.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index. Kbdank71.jpg  Source: http://en.svg  License: Public Domain  Contributors: User:Dbenbenn.org/w/index.wikipedia.jpg  Source: http://en. Nehrams2020. Red devil 666 File:Julius caesar. ESkog.jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:Brando_Mural_Chicago. Orbicle. Skier Dude.jpg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.php?title=File:A_Countess_from_Hong_Kong.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:Eva_marie_saint_marlon_brando_waterfront_12. 1978) Image:Marlon brando waterfront 1.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Andi064. Nehrams2020. Wikidemon. Kintetsubuffalo.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Gustav VH. King of the North East.php?title=File:Brando_apoc. Nehrams2020 File:Original movie poster for the film Sayonara. Blofeld File:A Countess from Hong Kong. MachoCarioca.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Trailer screenshot Image:Eva marie saint marlon brando waterfront 2. Melesse.php?title=File:Universal_Talent_School.php?title=File:The_Chase_-_1966_Poster.wikipedia.php?title=File:Viva_Zapata_movie_trailer_screenshot_(12). CmdrClow.
jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: *drew.php?title=File:SupermanRedBull.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index.org/w/index.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Sfan00 IMG.php?title=File:Supermaniiricharddonnercut.wikipedia.jpg  Source: http://en. Skier Dude File:SpmRetPos.org/w/index. Sfan00 IMG.wikipedia. Mendaliv.php?title=File:JorELsupermanreturns.php?title=File:Don_juan_demarco.jpg  Source: http://en. MachoCarioca File:Freshman_imp.org/w/index. Skier Dude  207  .jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Seegoon File:Free_Money.org/w/index.php?title=File:Formula_imp.org/w/index.jpg  Source: http://en.php?title=File:Christopher_columbus_the_discovery.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: User:Staxringold File:JorELsupermanreturns.org/w/index.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: King of the North East.wikipedia. Melesse File:SupermanRedBull.php?title=File:The_Score_film.wikipedia.php?title=File:Island_of_dr_moreau_ver2.org/w/index.org/w/index.5  Contributors: Yvwv File:Supermaniiricharddonnercut.jpg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: King of the North East.jpg  Source: http://en.jpg  License: Attribution  Contributors: Grandpafootsoldier File:The Brave. Licenses and Contributors File:Formula_imp.org/w/index. Nehrams2020. GoneAwayNowAndRetired.jpg  Source: http://en. MachoCarioca File:Christopher columbus the discovery. Sfan00 IMG.jpg  License: Attribution  Contributors: DarkFalls.jpg  Source: http://en. MachoCarioca.jpg  Source: http://en.org/w/index.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: David Pro.org/w/index. J Greb.php?title=File:The_Brave.wikipedia.wikipedia.jpg  Source: http://en. For An Angel.Image Sources. Melesse.wikipedia.wikipedia.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: King of the North East.wikipedia.php?title=File:Free_Money.wikipedia.php?title=File:Freshman_imp.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Limetolime.php?title=File:SpmRetPos.php?title=File:Dry_white_season_ver1. Skier Dude File:Island of dr moreau ver2.jpg  Source: http://en.wikipedia.wikipedia. Thefourdotelipsis File:Don_juan_demarco.jpg  License: Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 2. MachoCarioca File:Dry_white_season_ver1.jpg  License: unknown  Contributors: Mensurs File:The Score film.org/w/index.
org/ licenses/ by-sa/ 3. 0/  .0 Unported http:/ / creativecommons.License  208  License Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.
Leave a Comment
Comment must not be empty.
You must be logged in to leave a comment.
Submit
Comment must not be empty.
You must be logged in to leave a comment.
Submit
Characters: ...
Marlon Brando, Jr. (April 3, 1924 – July 1, 2004) was an American actor who performed for over half a century.
He was perhaps best known for his roles as Stanley Kowalski in A ... ( More ) Marlon Brando, Jr. (April 3, 1924 – July 1, 2004) was an American actor who performed for over half a century.
He was perhaps best known for his roles as Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire (1951), his Academy Award-nominated performance as Emiliano Zapata in Viva Zapata! (1952), and his Academy Award-winning performance as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront (1954), all three directed by Elia Kazan, and his role as Mark Antony in the MGM film adaptation of the Shakespeare play Julius Caesar (1953) for which he was nominated for an Academy Award. During the 1970s, he was most famous for his Academy Award-winning performance as Vito Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather (1972), and he also played Colonel Walter Kurtz in Apocalypse Now (1979), also directed by Coppola. He delivered an Academy Award-nominated performance as Paul in Last Tango in Paris (1972). Also, he directed and starred in the western film One-Eyed Jacks (1961).
Brando had a significant impact on film acting. He was the foremost example of the "method" acting style, and became notorious for his "mumbling" diction, but his mercurial performances were highly regarded and he is now considered one of the greatest American film actors of the twentieth century. Director Martin Scorsese said of him, "He is the marker. There's 'before Brando' and 'after Brando'.'" Actor Jack Nicholson once said, "When Marlon dies, everybody moves up one."
Brando was also an activist, supporting many issues, notably the African-American Civil Rights Movement and various American Indian Movements.
This book is your ultimate resource for Marlon Brando. Here you will find the most up-to-date information, photos, and much more.
In easy to read chapters, with extensive references and links to get you to know all there is to know about his Early life, Career and Personal life right away: List of awards and nominations received by Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando filmography, The Men (film), A Streetcar Named Desire (1951 film), Viva Zapata!, Julius Caesar (1953 film), The Wild One, On the Waterfront, Désirée (film), Guys and Dolls (film), The Teahouse of the August Moon (film), Sayonara, The Young Lions, The Fugitive Kind, One-Eyed Jacks, Mutiny on the Bounty (1962 film), The Ugly American, Bedtime Story (film), Morituri (1965 film), The Chase (1966 film), The Appaloosa, A Countess from Hong Kong, Reflections in a Golden Eye (film), Candy (1968 film), The Night of the Following Day, Burn!, King: A Filmed Record... Montgomery to Memphis, The Nightcomers, The Godfather, Last Tango in Paris, The Missouri Breaks, Raoni, Superman (film), Apocalypse Now, The Formula (1980 film), A Dry White Season, The Freshman (1990 film), Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse, Christopher Columbus: The Discovery, Don Juan DeMarco, The Island of Dr. Moreau (1996 film), The Brave, Free Money (film), The Score (film), Superman Returns, Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut.
Contains selected content from the highest rated entries, typeset, printed and shipped, combining the advantages of up-to-date and in-depth knowledge with the convenience of printed books. A portion of the proceeds of each book will be donated to the Wikimedia Foundation to support their mission. ( Less )
726 Reads
