Birth Name: Marlon Brando Jr.
Birthdate: April 3, 1924
Birthplace: Omaha, Nebraska
Occupations: Actor, Director, Producer
Quote: "He's the most keenly aware, the most empathetical human being alive...He just knows. If you have a scar, physical or mental, he goes right to it. He doesn't want to, but he doesn't avoid it...He cannot be cheated or fooled. If you left the room, he could be you." --Stella Adler, Richard Schickel's Brando: A Life in Our Times (1991)
Claim to Fame: Searing portrayal of Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams' A Streetcar Named Desire (1947)
Significant Other(s):
Rita Moreno, actress; 12-year on-and-off relationship
Wife: Anna Kashfi, married October 1957; divorced 1959
Wife: Movita, married 1960; marriage annulled 1968
Wife: Tarita Teriipia, former waitress, actress; married 1962
Christina Ruiz, former maid
Family:
Father: Marlon Brando Sr., cattle-feed, chicken-feed and limestone salesman; later became Brando's business manager
Mother: Dorothy Pennebaker (aka Dodie Pennebaker), actress; cofounder of the Omaha Community Playhouse; died of effects of alcoholism 1954
Sister: Jocelyn Brando, actress; born 1920
Sister: Frances Brando, artist; born 1922
Son: Christian Devi Brando; born May 11, 1958; mother, Anna Kashfi
Son: Miko Brando, security guard; born 1960; mother, Movita Castenada; security guard to Michael Jackson
Daughter: Rebecca Brando; mother, Tarita Teriipia
Son: Simon Tehotu Brando; mother, Tarita Teriipia
Daughter: Tarita Cheyenne Brando (aka Cheyenne Brando); born 1970; mother Tarita Teriipia; commited suicide April 1995
Daughter: Petra Barrett Brando; adopted; born 1970; birth father James Clavell, author
Daughter: Ninna Priscilla Brando; born 1989; mother, Christina Ruiz
Children: two others
Biography
An influential, eccentric stage and screen actor, Marlon Brando first made his name as an exponent of 'The Method', an acting style based on the teachings of Constantin Stanislavsky that rejected the traditional techniques of stagecraft in favor of an emotional expressiveness ideally suited to the angst-ridden atmosphere of postwar American society. 5The Nebraska native made his Broadway debut in the sentimental hit "I Remember Mama" (1944) but achieved stardom with his searing portrayal of Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams' "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1947), staged by Elia Kazan. The role established a new order of acting intensity and eventually led Brando to Hollywood. Implementing what he learned under Lee Strasberg and Stella Adler, Brando has influenced American film actors from James Dean to Robert De Niro. As the unappointed spokesman for his generation, the young Brando became identified with a character in revolt against something he could not comprehend, best personified in "The Wild Ones" (1954). His rebels conveyed a strong sense of danger, but the actor has also lent sympathy to their stance, leaving his characters both menacing and vulnerable. Since he had became synonymous with these types, Brando has spent most of his career trying to purge himself of this initial identification. 5Brando's first film was Fred Zinnemann's "The Men" (1950), in which he portrayed a paraplegic war veteran struggling for dignity. Rather than play the role for its inherent pathos, however, Brando etched a portrait of an embittered, incoherent man-child. Kazan's film version of "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951) forever stamped the Brando image in the public imagination. He followed up with impressive, very individualistic performances in "Viva Zapata!" (1952) and "Julius Caesar" (1953, as Marc Antony). 5Brando won a richly-deserved Best Actor Oscar for his multi-layered performance as an ex-fighter who becomes involved with corrupt union officials and witnesses a murder in Kazan's powerful "On the Waterfront" (1954). He went on to play against type in a number of subsequent roles: an ill-tempered Napoleon in "Desiree" (1954); a smarmy singing gambler in "Guys and Dolls" (1955); and a controversially effete Fletcher Christian in the 1962 remake of "Mutiny on the Bounty". By the 60s, he had succeeded in killing his rebel image appearing as a figure of authority in "The Ugly American" (1963) but much of his work in that decade failed to impress audiences or critics and by the late-60s, the Brando was relegated to the status of a has-been. It took "The Godfather" (1972) to restore his stature. His sensitive turn as the aging Don Corleone won critical praise, set the tone for the entire film and earned him a second Best Actor Oscar. In a a bizarre, controversial follow-up performance, Brando essayed a self-destructive American in Bernardo Bertolucci's disturbing "Last Tango in Paris" (1973).  Despite repeated announcement of his retirement and far from the athletic figure of his youth, Brando has continued to make films. In "The Missouri Breaks" (1976), he offered an eccentric, over-the-top performance as a hired gun tracking a horse thief and followed with a highly-paid cameo as Jor-El, father of "Superman" (1978). He was downright terrifying as the dark heart of Coppola's hallucinogenic "Apocalypse Now" (1979) and offered an engaging performance as a crusty South African civil rights lawyer in "A Dry White Season" (1989). Sending up his own image, Brando won good notices as a mobster in "The Freshman" (1990) and further astounded psychiatrist in "Don Juan DeMarco (1995). He appeared as the mysterious scientist who creates half-humans in John Frankenheimer's remake of "The Island of Dr. Moreau" (1996).
Filmography
Stella Adler: Awake and Dream!
Apocalypse Now Redux (2001)
