El Consigliere
Early years
Born  and raised in Omaha, Nebraska, under the name of Marlon Brando, as his  father, the producer Marlon Brando, Sr. His mother was a very friendly  woman who acted in local theater, and awoke the child's interest in acting. Brando had as a child the gift of watching people and imitate their gestures, which was taken to extremes. It was a rebellious teenager, and was expelled from several schools. His father thus suppressed, but encouraged him to find his own way. He headed to New York, where he first studied acting at the New School and then at the famed Actor's Studio.
After completing his education, he began working in various theaters of the season to that in 1944 landed a role on Broadway. In 1946, before making a name in theatrical circles, drew attention in a small play called Truckline Cafe. Brando's  performance was realistic to the point that the critic Pauline Kael  came to believe that the actor was having a seizure on stage. A  few years later became a theater star when she performed the works of  Tennessee Williams' A Streetcar Named Desire, directed by Elia Kazan. Brando  knew that Williams was conducting interviews to select the actors for  their work and went to see, with the result that he obtained the title  role.
Film career
His first film appearance was in 1950 in the film The Men, a story about veterans converted to handicapped. True  to his method of analyzing the characters they play to act in line with  them, Brando spent a month in a military hospital to prepare for her  role.
The actor played a soldier wounded in battle, paralyzed from the waist down. In this first film, he managed to impress with a sensitive and introspective interpretation. In  the early years in the film, Brando said a total lack of interest by  the conventions of the film industry, acting in its sole discretion. This influenced other actors like James Dean, Paul Newman, and later Robert De Niro.
Brando  had a much greater success when he starred in the 1951 film A Streetcar  Named Desire, based on the play that had debuted. Shared roles in the film with Vivien Leigh, Karl Malden and Kim Hunter. He  was nominated for an Oscar as best actor for this film, and the next  three years received as many nominations for her performance in Viva  Zapata, Julius Caesar and On the Waterfront (The law of silence). For this last film Brando won the Oscar.
Based on these successes, Brando's career continued to rise. In  the following years took part in several films of different genres,  including comedy, as in The Teahouse of the August Moon, which gives  life to making a Japanese interpreter for U.S. occupation forces. However, at the end of the fifties his performances began to decline. Brando  seemed to have lost its expressive power and the standards he himself  had set for their work and that they had worked so well.
In the sixties he worked on films such as Mutiny on the Bounty.
In  the early seventies he was offered the chance to play the head of a  Mafia family in The Godfather, based on a novel by Mario Puzo. It was Brando who insisted they did a test shot of the character played by him, and personally handled the makeup. The  director Francis Ford Coppola was impressed by Brando as Vito Corleone  characterized and had to fight to persuade producers to accept a Brando  for the role.
That interpretation Brando won his second Oscar. This  time Brando refused the Oscar, the second time in the history of  Hollywood as an actor doing this (the first time the actor had rejected  the George C. Scott). Instead  of accepting the award, Brando sent the ceremony to an American actress  of Indian origin, who spoke out against the treatment he received his  people in Hollywood films.
Since then, Brando's career was very irregular. Rodo  any good film, like Last Tango in Paris, and participated briefly in  others simply for money, like Superman, his fees were four million  dollars for a ten-minute role, received $ 250,000 for each day. He  won fame as an actor conflicting and demanding, for example, Apocalypse  Now, a film in which she plays the renegade Colonel Kurtz, initially  refused to travel to the Philippines, despite having taken a step  forward. When  the director Francis Ford Coppola managed to convince him, appeared  with his head shaved and overly fat, forcing her scenes recording in the  midst of shadows.
His  characterization as Tomas de Torquemada in Christopher Columbus: The  Discovery was interesting but not very accurate historically. Nevertheless, it remained considered a great actor, and even papers showing made a shadow of its former glory. Stresses  Don Juan de Marco, where he played a psychiatrist who lectured on  issues of love Johnny Depp, with whom friendship forged in real life. In the film, was to partner with Faye Dunaway.
In  2001 he appeared in the short (video) for the song You rock my world of  Michael Jackson, as a mob boss in the style of The Godfather.
Between  2003 and 2004 (shortly before his death and being his last job in life)  lent his voice to play back to Vito Corleone, in additional dialogue  embodied in the Godfather video game, released (due to several delays)  in 2006, meaning resounding success in sales
In 2006, thanks to technology, he reappeared as Jor-El, Superman's father in the film Superman Returns. That  same year, Richard Donner, director of Superman: The Movie, conducted a  project that publishes the deleted scenes of Marlon Brando, in his role  as Jor-El, in the movie Superman 2: The Richard Donner Cut.
Privacy
His private life was stormy since childhood and has been told with variable fidelity in many books. It  is said that her mother was emotionally unstable and that the young  Marlon witnessed many men entertained occasionally abused. Extraordinarily  handsome child, Marlon did not assume the effect it had on its  attractive people, and some reports suggest that early age opted for  corporal punishment and neglected as a response to its beauty.
Brando was expelled from the Shattuck Military Academy at age 17 for misbehavior. After  that, he decided to follow his sister Dorothy to New York to study  acting with Stella Adler, a disciple of the Russian director Konstantin  Stanislavski. Brando  stormy temperament came to light when it was shown holding the terrible  relationship with her domineering and irritating father who never  acknowledged his acting achievements, and was very tense until the end  of his life.
Brando was married three times and fathered nine children. His first marriage to Anna Kashfi was publicly stormy and lasted two years and the second with eight Movita. His third wife was Tarita, Tahitian women who played his girlfriend in Mutiny on the Bounty. Following  that film Brando fell in love with Tahiti and also acquired a small  island in the archipelago, where he lived when their duties are allowed.  With Tarita also had problems despite efforts to preserve their marriage Tarita. Tarita  once removed, revealed the intimate details of her failed marriage  marriage, Brando even pretended not to give importance to what is said,  never reconciled. He  participated in many activities in defense of the status of African  Americans and blacks of the American Indian Indian defense, managing to  rub shoulders with Richard Nixon and Kennedy at some point.
In 1990, undergoing one of his greatest personal tragedies. The boyfriend of one of their daughters is murdered at the family residence of Mulholland Drive. The  situation became a media circus when a Christian (his eldest son born  of his first marriage), the eldest son of Brando, is accused of being  the perpetrator of the murder. The  episode marks deeply familiar surroundings: Christian was forced to  serve six years in prison and Cheyenne committed suicide five years  later.
He  died on July 1, 2004 in Los Angeles at age 80 of pulmonary fibrosis  product, but Brando will always be considered a legend of cinema.
Menu
