SIGNED During Filming of "Godfather"
Description
After collecting autographs for 25 years one rarely comes across an EXCEPTIONAL museum quality piece that stands out above all the rest. I have seen a number Brando autographs over the years, however, this is indeed the most striking, authentic example I have ever seen. Everything about this piece makes it extraordinary. The unquestionable Brando GENUINE handwriting and vintage ballpoint pen signature, the personal inscription, the medium, Star Sporting Goods in Hollywood , apparently acquired while Brando was shopping. The date made by the recipient (during the filming of the "Godfather"), also in vintage ink. Compared to most of the scribbled, un-inscribed Brando signatures, this vintage autographed treasure stands out above all others I have seen in every way! And, the well known fact that Brando loathed signing autographs and hence, there are SCARCELY few authentic examples on the market, makes this an extraordinary find!.
Ballpoint signature and inscription, “To Carol, Regards, Marlon Brando,” on an off-white 4 x 5 sheet of Hank Kroof’s Star Sporting Goods stationery. Some scattered light wrinkling and creasing, collector’s date notation of May 8, 1971, to top right, hence placing Brando there while most likely filming the "Godfather" which would be released in August 1972.
As most collectors know Brando was infamous for his distain to autograph seekers, and would even get “unfriendly” when approached. On the other hand Brando sometimes had a “soft spot” for the working man or woman such as waitresses and in this case a retail store clerk. Apparently, once in a great while, he had brief moments of consideration for such people. Years ago I purchased a Brando autograph from a waitress who obtained his signature after she gave him his meal check (and she didn’t even ask him for it). At the same time she said three people approached him and he asked them to leave him alone. Another soft spot for Brando were people associated with Native Americans. So, while it wasn’t impossible to obtain his autograph, it was just impossible for the autograph seeker. Hence, genuine Brando autographs are extremely Scarce!
Because of the value, SCARITY and high desirability of Marlon Brando autographs he has become a prime target for the forgers selling on the internet auction sites. Fortunately Brando’s distinctive style makes forgeries easily detectable to the experienced eye. Still, as high as 98% of Brando autographs from online auction sites are fake. So beware! There are even a few more sophisticated forgers who use old paper torn from old books. Remember the Certificate of Authenticity is worthless unless it comes from a reputable source that has been in business for a number of years, doesn't SOLELY sell on Ebay and most important offers a lifetime guarantee of authenticity.
Here is a chance to own an unquestionably RARE, authentic vintage autograph with the most highly regarded authentication certification in the autograph industry.
Authenticity Guaranteed for Life. PSA Certified.
If you ever wanted to own a GENUINE, EXCEPTIONAL Marlon Brando autograph, this is the one! Most likely the BEST you will ever see!
Marlon Brando was quite simply one of the most celebrated and influential screen and stage actors of the postwar era; he rewrote the rules of performing, and nothing was ever the same again. Brooding, lusty, and intense, his greatest contribution was popularizing Method acting, a highly interpretive performance style which brought unforeseen dimensions of power and depth to the craft; in comparison, most other screen icons appeared shallow, even a little silly. A combative and often contradictory man, Brando refused to play by the rules of the
Hollywood game, openly expressing his loathing for the film industry and for the very nature of celebrity, yet often exploiting his fame to bring attention to political causes and later accepting any role offered him as long as the price was right. He is one of the screen's greatest enigmas, and there will never be another quite like him.
**This museum quality piece would be a spectacular display in your home or office, framed with a vintage photo of Brando in one of his most memorable roles. And, if you prefer the inscription could easily be matted out with framing.
We Also Recommend:
