Post new comment
winter  04/17/2012 11:36 PM Report
I see the anti Penn virus hosted by Limbaugh and the right has infected some goofball posters here. They sound like they made their posts after finishing an entire bottle of
Black Velvet. Mongrels aside, Penn is eloquent as usual and
its obvious as you watch him search to articulate what he wants to say, that he has the capacity to dig deeper than most. And Brando, what can you say about Brando,just watch. I would love to have known the man. Ashame there are people who not only lack quality but can't recognize or appreciate it when its right there in front of them.
mccuskj  11/12/2009 08:55 PM Report
The greatest actor of our generation. Completely transforms himself for every role. His politics aside, he obviously cared a great deal about Brando.
Adolf   05/09/2008 09:38 PM Report
In politics, all the artists are innocents.
Jason  04/06/2008 01:17 AM Report
I watched about 5 minutes of this and vomited.  The parts where he was almost crying.  I think he just wanted to make sure people knew he was connected to Marlon Brando to boost his own career.  Whore.  He didn't get on any news shows and talk about his brother did he?
"Last year I went to Iraq. Before Team America showed up, it was a happy place. They had flowery meadows and rainbow skies, and rivers made of chocolate, where the children danced and laughed and played with gumdrop smiles."
John  10/21/2007 04:03 PM Report
You morons better take your politics some place else. Don't click on the screen above if you don't like Sean Penn. I mean would you really care if he wasn't such a talented actor. Or bitch about the fact that he was smoking on another interview. I think there are alot more problems in the world then an actor who smokes and/or speaks his mind. so grow up and move on with your life.
james  10/21/2007 02:07 PM Report
Lloyd, why don't you take your comments somewhere else? Here isn't the place. Don't watch the damn interview if smoking bothers you so much?
Lloyd  09/24/2007 08:03 PM Report
Today I say your interview with Sean Penn, I can't believe you allowed him to smoke on the set!  I have no respect for someone that acts like they know everything and still they smoke.  Bad job Charlie. I thought you had more class than that..
And, lose the wide pin stripe suites and get a haircut.
Lloyd
Tom Brophy  09/22/2007 05:15 AM Report
Thank you Charlie for having Sean Penn and Eddie Vedder on your show.  It was a thoughtful, insightful hour, regardless of what some so-called Americans have to say.  Kudos to you and more shows like this.  It takes guts to put Sean Penn on, actually I shouldn't say guts because all Sean does is speak up for the America that he feels has been ransacked and taken over by mindless thugs.  Kudos sir.
Tom Brophy
Ritch hanneman  09/22/2007 03:47 AM Report
Hi Charlie
Are you that hard up you will put this whatever some one wants to call it from Iran on your show.
You must be in sad shape. But then again you had penn and dumby on. Or should we say dumber and really dumb.
Sorry Charlie I expected you to have some ehtics and common sense. You have really disappointed me.
I guess I will have to stop watching you for awhile.
regards
Ritch hanneman  09/22/2007 03:40 AM Report
Hi Chuck
I can't believe you have an idiot like Penn on
and the doper with him. The friday show is crazy
vedder says he doesn't remember the week! So what kind of drugs is penn pushing? and you didn't laugh during this interview? You must have been in major pain killers not to laugh. Did you break both legs and that is why you didn't laugh when you talked to those two people. Or if you were sober would you please have your agent get you into a good bug doctor so he can tell why you didn't laugh at those two people.
the normal person wouldn't even give then the time of day.
regards
long time watcher
aka just couldn't stand the numbness aka dumnbness any more. Yes it is spelled wrong but who cares. This is a time when you had an out of the universe experience I hope . Or would you really stand for this type of stupidity?
Loyal fan. but now I'm not so sure
kindest regards
