Marlon Brando in A Streetcar Named Desire , photographed by Carl Van Vechten , 1948
Brando soon used his Stanislavski System skills for his first summer-stock roles in Sayville, New York . His behavior got him kicked out of the cast of the New School's production in Sayville, but he was discovered in a locally produced play there and then made it to Broadway in the bittersweet drama, I Remember Mama, in 1944 . Critics voted him "Broadway's Most Promising Actor" for his role as an anguished, paraplegic veteran in Truckline Café, although the play was a commercial failure. He achieved real stardom, however, as Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams ' play A Streetcar Named Desire in 1947 , directed by Elia Kazan . Brando sought out that role, driving out to Provincetown, Massachusetts where Williams was spending the summer to audition for the part. Williams recalled that he opened the screen door and knew, instantly, that he had his Stanley Kowalski.
According to an article in the Times, Brando auditioned and was accepted immediately for the lead role in "Rebel Without A Cause" in 1947. He turned the role down and the film was not made until 1955 with James Dean as lead. It is not known why Brando rejected the offer but it is suggested that he did not want to sign the 6-year contract that was necessary at the time.
Brando's first screen role was the bitter crippled veteran in The Men in 1950 . True to his method, Brando spent a month in bed at a veterans' hospital to prepare for the role.
He made a much larger impression the following year when he brought his performance as Stanley Kowalski to the screen in Kazan's adaptation of "Streetcar" in 1951 . He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for that role, and again in each of the next three years for his roles in Viva Zapata! in 1952 , Julius Caesar in 1953 as Marc Antony , and On the Waterfront in 1954 . In 1953, he also starred in Lee Falk 's play "Arms and the Man". Falk was proud to tell that Marlon Brando turned down an offer of $10 000 a week to act on Broadway, in favour of working for Lee in Boston in 1953 in the play "Arms and the Man". His Boston contract was less than $500 a week.
Brando finally won the Oscar for his role of Terry Malloy in On The Waterfront. Under Kazan's direction, and with a talented ensemble around him, Brando used his Stanislavski System training and improvisational skills. Brando claimed that he had improvised much of his dialogue with Rod Steiger in the famous, much-quoted scene ("I could have been a contender.") with him in the back of a taxicab (Kazan disputed this).
Brando followed that triumph by a variety of roles in the 1950s that defied expectations: as Sky Masterson in Guys and Dolls , where he managed to carry off a singing role; as Sakini, a Japanese interpreter for the U.S. Army in postwar Japan in The Teahouse of the August Moon ; as an Air Force officer in Sayonara , and a Nazi officer in The Young Lions . While he won an Oscar nomination for his acting in Sayonara, his acting had lost much of its energy and direction by the end of the 1950s.
Brando's star sank even further in the 1960s as he turned in increasingly uninspired performances in Mutiny on the Bounty and several other forgettable films. Though even at this professional low point, Brando still managed to produce a few exceptional films; such as One-Eyed Jacks ( 1961 ), a western that would be the only film Brando would ever direct, Reflections in a Golden Eye ( 1967 ) portraying a repressed gay army officer, and Burn! ( 1969 ) which Brando would later claim as his personal favourite, although a commercial failure. Nonetheless, his career had gone into almost complete eclipse by the end of the decade thanks to his reputation as a difficult star and his record in overbudget or marginal movies.
The Godfather
His performance as Vito Corleone in The Godfather in 1972 changed this. Director Francis Ford Coppola convinced Brando to submit to a "make-up" test, in which he (Brando) did his own makeup. Francis Ford Coppola was electrified by Brando's characterization as the head of a crime family, but had to fight the studio in order to cast him. Brando was voted the Academy Award for Best Actor for his intelligent performance; once again, he improvised important details that lent more humanity to what could otherwise have been a clichéd role.
Brando turned down the Academy Award, the second actor to refuse an Oscar (the first being George C. Scott for Patton ). Brando boycotted the award ceremony, sending little-known actress Sacheen Littlefeather to state his reasons, which were based on his objections to the depiction of Native Americans by Hollywood and television. There was later much controversy when it emerged Littlefeather was not a Native American Indian at all, but a Mexican actress named Maria Cruz.
The actor followed with one of his greatest performances in Last Tango in Paris , but it was overshadowed by an uproar over the erotic nature of the Bernardo Bertolucci film. Despite the controversies which attended both the film and the man, the Academy once again nominated Brando for the Best Actor.
Superman
Brando as Jor-El in the first  movie.
His career afterwards was uneven: in addition to his iconic performance as Colonel Kurtz in Apocalypse Now , Brando also played Jor-El , Superman's father, in the first Superman movie — a role he agreed to only on condition that he did not have to read the script beforehand and his lines would be displayed somewhere offscreen.
Brando also filmed scenes for the movie's sequel, Superman II , but the producers refused to pay him the enormous percentage he was paid for the first movie, so he denied them from using the footage. Brando and Jor-El never appeared in Superman II. However, the footage is reportedly being used in the 2006 re-cut of the film, (See that article for more information).
He also reprised the role of Jor-El in the 2006 "loose sequel" Superman Returns , in which both used and unused archive footage of Brando as Jor-El from the first two Superman films is remastered for a scene in the Fortress of Solitude , as well as Brando's voice-overs being used throughout the film.
Late career
Other later performances, such as The Island of Dr Moreau , earned him some of his most uncomplimentary reviews of his career. Despite announcing his retirement from acting in 1980 , he subsequently gave interesting supporting performances in movies such as A Dry White Season (for which he was again nominated for an Oscar in 1989 ), The Freshman in 1990 and Don Juan DeMarco in 1995 . In his last film, The Score ( 2001 ), he starred with fellow method actor Robert De Niro.
Personal life
Marlon Brando, TIME cover, 1973
Brando became known as much for his crusades for civil rights , Native American rights and other political causes as he was for his acting. He also earned a "bad boy" reputation for his public outbursts and antics. In June 1973, Brando broke paparazzo Ron Galella 's jaw. His hand became infected as a result. In the following year, Galella wore a football helmet when snapping photos of Brando.
In his autobiography Songs My Mother Taught Me , Brando claimed he showed up one night at Marilyn Monroe 's apartment, and boldly announced that he was there to sleep with her (they did, according to him.) He also claimed numerous other romances, and described his marriages and family life in detail.
In his 1976 biography The Only Contender by Gary Carey, Brando was quoted as saying, "Like a large number of men, I, too, have had homosexual experiences, and I am not ashamed." Photographs circulate on the Internet that appear to confirm this. A 2006 book, Brando Unzipped by Darwin Porter alleges affairs with Rock Hudson and Cary Grant .
An alleged long time lover was Wally Cox . Brando is quoted as saying: "If Wally had been a woman, I would have married him and we would have lived happily ever after."
Quoted in Brando Unzipped, Darwin Porter, 2006
After Cox died, Brando kept his ashes for 30 years, and they were eventually scattered with his own. Cox's third wife only discovered he possessed them after reading an interview in Time where Brando is quoted as saying: "I have Wally's ashes in my house. I talk to him all the time." She wanted to sue, but her lawyers would not accept the case.
Patricia Cox Shapiro, quoted in "The Wild One and the Mild One" by Robert W. Welkos, Los Angeles Times, 24 October 2004
He married actress Anna Kashfi in 1957 , mistakenly believing her to be of Asian Indian descent when she was in fact from Wales and of Irish Catholic extraction (her real name was Joan O'Callaghan). O'Callaghan didn't discourage Brando's mistake; in fact, she dressed and made herself up as an Indian beauty after learning that Brando gravitated toward exotic women. They divorced in 1959 , after having one son, Christian Brando together.
In 1960 , Brando married Movita Castaneda, a Mexican actress 7 years his senior who had appeared in the first Mutiny on the Bounty film in 1935 , some 27 years before Brando's own version was released. A remake of Mutiny on the Bounty in 1962 , with Brando as Fletcher Christian seemed to bolster his reputation as a difficult star. He was blamed for a change in directors and a runaway budget, though he disclaimed responsibility for either.
The "Bounty" experience affected Brando's life in a profound way: he fell in love with Tahiti and its people. He took a 99-year lease on part of an atoll island, Tetiaroa , which he intended to make part-environmental laboratory and part-resort. Tahitian beauty Tarita Teriipia , who played Christian's love interest, became his third wife. A 1961 article on Tarita in the fan magazine Motion Picture described Brando's delight at how naïve and unsophisticated she was. Teriipia became the mother of three of his children (one of whom died, see below). The hotel on Tetiaroa was eventually built; it went through many redesigns due to changes demanded by Brando over the years, but is now closed. A new hotel consisting of 30 deluxe villas is due to open in 2008.
Children
All three of Brando's wives were pregnant when he married them. The number of children he had is still in dispute, although he recognized twelve children in his will; they were (ages as given in 2004):
by his marriage to actress Anna Kashfi:
by his marriage to actress Movita Castaneda :
* Miko Brando (43)
by his marriage to Tarita Teriipia :
* Simon Teihotu Brando (43) - the only inhabitant of Tetiaroa
* Cheyenne (committed suicide in 1995 at the age of 25)
* Petra Brando-Corval (32), daughter of Brando's assistant Caroline Barrett
* Maimiti Brando (28)
by his maid Christina Maria Ruiz:
* Nina Priscilla Brando (14)
