Bad Boy Drive
Ahh, great, a book to match Brando Unzipped, in its trashiness and sycophancy. But this time it's not only Brando under the spotlight, but Warren Beatty, Jack Nicholson and Dennis Hopper, poor fellows. Based on the premise that these Hollywood "bad boys" all lived on or near Mulholland Drive, Bad Boy Drive is an exhaustive history of their sexual adventures.
Where do these books come from? Who pops them out of the woodwork? MFB feel sorry for the people who actually pay twenty dollars to read this trash.
For a well-deserved review of Sellers' book, go to the Sunday Times website at http://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/books/non-fiction/article6326543.ece
Posted by MB at 1:37 PM 0 comments
Saturday, June 12, 2010
YouTube's got BRANDO!
Although MFB have been a Brando fan for years now, we have often thought how lucky we are to have the internet, particularly sites like YouTube, that allow us to watch archive footage of the actor from throughout the years. Marlon's films are wonderful by themselves, but we're always interested in the man behind the dozens of characters he has played, and by golly, has YouTube got the pick of some of Marlon's best interviews!
So let us interest you in some of our favorites:
1) Marlon and.....the Dick Cavett Show (1973). An hour-long treat, these selection of six clips show Marlon and the famous talkshow host talking about topics such as Native American Indian rights and Marlon's  own stance towards acting. Despite Cavett's best attempts to try to get Brando to talk about his movies and acting career, particularly of his then-latest release Last Tango In Paris, Marlon stays true to the cause of the American Indians by bringing attention to the events of Wounded Knee and the government's false promises in passing bills in parliament concerning their struggle. Entertaining and endearing to watch, Marlon shines in this 70s classic.
2) Marlon and....."Meet Marlon Brando" (1965). This short documentary, directed by the Maysles brothers, was originally aired on the BBC in the 60s in relation to Marlon's press junket for Morituri.  In it he gives a rare auto-pilot performance being interviewed by one T.V. reporter after another. As the narrator sums up: "the reporters ask many predictable questions, Mr. Brando gives few predictable answers".
MFB's favorite moment in the footage comes at the very start when a female reporter gushes about Marlon's performance in Morituri:
Reporter: It's a wonderful show, I've talked to people who've previewed it and they tell me-
Marlon: I don't think we should believe what we hear, even if it's a good report, and even if it's a bad report, we have to make up our own minds about it, I think that's essential. You shouldn't make up your mind about the picture until you've seen it.
Reporter: Now this is, sort of, your whole personality in a capsule; not to believe that-
Marlon: How do you know what my personality is?
Reporter: Because I have met you and you radiate your personality.
Marlon: Really?
Reporter: Uh-huh.
Enough said.
3) Marlon and......Larry King Live (1996). Probably Marlon's most famous interview, it takes place at the actor's Beverly Hills home. Having always been reluctant to talk about his movies and acting career, here Brando is surprisingly candid about his life on screen, talking about Streetcar, Waterfront and The Godfather movies among others.
4) Marlon and.....Saturday Night with Connie Chung (1991). In our opinion, an unsung hero of the few Brando interviews. Appearing after Brando's ten-year self-imposed hiatus from Hollywood in the 80s, the interview is an excellent watch if you want to see a laid-back Brando with impressions, anecdotes, face-pulling, and general horse-play.
5) Marlon and.....the Ed Sullivan Show (1955). A chance to see a fresh-faced Brando, newly crowned with the Oscar he won for On the Waterfront. The interview takes place at his home in the Hollywood hills. In it he plays the bongos and shows the audience a charming portrait of his late mother hanging above his fireplace. His father, Marlon Brando Snr. is also invited to talk.
What are your favorites??
Civil Rights Roundtable with Marlon and others
The DocChannel on YouTube have finally decided to release all the footage from the 1963 Civil Rights Roundtable with Marlon and other notable figures including Charlton Heston, Harry Belafonte, Sidney Poitier, James Baldwin and Julius Caesar and Guys and Dolls director Joseph L. Mankiewicz. We had already seen snippets of the footage, but it is great to finally see the whole thing!
