Advertise | AdChoices
Political leanings
By this point, Brando himself seemed less interested in acting and more concerned with political causes. Even when he won a second Academy Award, for his biggest blockbuster, “The Godfather,” nearly two decades after “Waterfront,” he failed to show up. Instead, he sent an actress masquerading as “Sacheen Littlefeather” to the Oscar ceremony, where she refused the award and tried to read a speech attacking Hollywood’s treatment of Native Americans.
Brando’s attempt to make an all-star movie addressing the situation, “Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee,” went nowhere. He did, however, make several effective political films, among them “Burn!,” a fact-based drama about British meddlers in a Caribbean slave revolt, and “A Dry White Season,” an anti-apartheid story for which he received his last Oscar nomination -- in the supporting category. As a South African barrister battling racial prejudice, he was delightfully charismatic.
While Brando fans responded to his fine work in these movies, neither was a box-office hit, and many moviegoers grew up watching him collect gargantuan paychecks for phoned-in performances in such costly productions as “Superman,” “Candy” and “Christopher Columbus: The Discovery.” In a rare late-1970s television appearance, he had a featured role as the American Nazi, George Lincoln Rockwell, in “Roots: The Next Generations.”
While his late-1960s performances in “Reflections in a Golden Eye,” “The Chase” and “The Night of the Following Day” sharply divided critics, some argued that he was at his best playing these lost characters. Pauline Kael thought his work as Elizabeth Taylor’s homosexual husband in “Reflections” represented “one of his most daring performances,” though others found it merely grotesque.
A few applauded his attempt at slapstick comedy in “Bedtime Story,” but almost no one found good things to say about his “Turn of the Screw” remake, “The Nightcomers,” in which he played the ghostly corrupter, Peter Quint. He camped it up in “The Missouri Breaks,” “The Score” and “The Island of Dr. Moreau,” succeeded at romantic comedy in “Don Juan DeMarco,” and spoofed his own “Godfather” performance in the charming comedy, “The Freshman.”
Off-screen life
To anyone under 30, Brando is probably most recognizable as the bloated, demented Col. Kurtz in “Apocalypse Now” -- or as the bloated, reclusive father of Christian Brando, who spent five years in prison for murdering the boyfriend of his half-sister, Cheyenne, who later killed herself. It marked the first time Brando’s off-screen life became a real issue; for the most part, he’d avoided the tabloids early in his career.
Not that he didn’t have an eventful personal life. He was married to actresses Anna Kashfi, Movita (aka Maria Castaneda) and Tarita Teriipaia (his love interest in “Mutiny on the Bounty”) and had affairs with Katy Jurado, Rita Moreno and, according to Kashfi, the actor-director Christian Marquand. But he made it clear to the leading gossip columnists of the 1950s that he wouldn’t play their game. He insulted Sheila Graham, made fun of Hedda Hopper’s hats, and called Louella Parsons “the fat one.”
One Brando pal, quoted in an early Life magazine profile, claimed that the actor once told him, “I put on an act sometimes and people think I’m sensitive. Really, it’s like a kind of armor because I’m too sensitive. If there are 200 people in a room and one of them doesn’t like me, I’ve got to get out!”
His mentor, Stella Adler, claimed that “he’s the most keenly aware, the most empathetical person alive.”
He spent a lot of time with psychiatrists, trying “to learn to be happy,” and blurted out his problems to Truman Capote, who wrote a revealing New Yorker piece after visiting him on the set of “Sayonara.”
