Post a comment
Marlon Brando influenced a whole generation of actors and many of today's male screen stars try to copy his unique style. The truth is, though, that there was only one Brando and he is inimitable. Over the span of his long career, he was both praised and panned, but few could remain neutral regarding his performances.
He was born in Omaha, Nebraska on April 3, 1924 to Marlon Brando, Sr. and Dorothy Pennebaker Brando. When his parents separated, he and his siblings went with their mother briefly to California, but his parents decided to try reconciliation, so Mom and kids moved to Illinois. The alcoholic Dorothy was not a stable parent and she was not the presence she should have been in her son's life. Perhaps these inconsistencies
with the adults in his life contributed to Marlon's bucking authority early on in life and ever thereafter. He was kicked out of a number of schools, including military school, for failing to "toe the line". His first job was as a ditch digger, but he seemed unmotivated to do much else in life. Given the opportunity by his father to be financed for whatever direction he chose in life, Marlon opted to be an actor.
He migrated to New York City to study Method acting with the great Stella Adler and Lee Strasberg at the now famous Actors' Studio.. His first Broadway role of note was as Nils in I Remember Mama in 1944, but the role which was to define him as a stage legend came in 1947, when he portrayed the brutal, lustful Stanley Kowlaski in Tennessee Williams' A Streetcar Named Desire. Critics and theatergoers alike were taken back by his raw sexuality and powerful personality. The play made him a huge star on Broadway. It was only a matter of time before Hollywood began to court him. Brando, as rebellious as ever, made them practically jump through hoops before he finally consented to accept a film role.
Brando's first film was The Men, directed by Stanley Kramer in 1950.. In it, he portrayed embittered war veteran Ken Wilcheck. He reprised his stage role of Stanley Kowalski in the film version of A Streetcar Named Desire in 1951. His stunning performance was even more effective on screen and it earned him his first Best Actor Oscar nomination. Brando continued to do outstanding film work and his first Oscar nod was followed by three more for his work in Viva Zapata!, Julius Caesar and On the Waterfront. He got his first Oscar win for his role as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront.
Marlon's contempt for authority came across in his films and it was expertly utilized in his depiction of motorcycle gang leader Johnny Strabler in the 1953 movie The Wild One.
His other films during this period included Guys and Dolls, Desiree, The Teahouse of the August Moon, Sayonara (for which he received another Best Actor Oscar nomination), The Young Lions, One-Eyed Jacks, Mutiny On the Bounty, The Ugly American and BedtimeStory. His career began to diminish somewhat, due to Mutiny On the Bounty, a 1962 remake of the original film. In the updated version Brando played Fletcher Christian, the part played in the earlier film by Clark Gable. Once again, Brando's rebellious streak kicked in and his outlandish, uncooperative behavior made the set a very unhappy one and caused the film to go way over budget. With the exception of a few, most of his films during the 1960's fell far short of his capabilities.
The role that rescued Brando's career from an early death came in 1972. Director Francis Ford Coppola battled Paramount to allow him to cast Marlon as Mafioso crime boss Vito Corleone in his film The Godfather. Not only was the movie a tremendous success, but it gave new life to Brando's career and he was nominated and won a Best Actor Oscar in 1972.
His Ocar win also resulted in one of the most bizarre incidents to occur at an Academy Awards show. Brando not only refused to attend the ceremony, but he turned down the Oscar, sending a faux Native-American actress who called herself Sacheen Littlefeather in his place. She read an absurdly long speech coneming the U.S. governments history of mistreatment of Native-Americans to a confused and mostly irritated audience of celebrities.
Brando's films after The Godfather included Last Tango in Paris, The Missouri Breaks, Superman, Apocalypse Now, A Dry White Season, The Formula, The Freshman, Christopher Columbus: The Discovery, Don Juan DeMarco, The Island of Dr. Moreau, The Brave and The Score. Given the lesser quality of a lot of his latter work, it was clear that Brando's main reason for choosing to appear in some of these films was primarily for economic reasons, but the criticism didn't seem to bother him in the least.
His personal life was somewhat volatile and chaotic. He had a number of affairs with both women and men. He had three unsuccessful marriages and fathered eleven known children with either one of his wives or mistresses. In 1990, one of his son's-Christian- was involved in a highly publicized murder, in which he shot the boyfriend of his sister Cheyenne to death and served 10 years in prison. In 1995, the mentally fragile Cheyenne committed suicide.
In his latter years, Brando's weight zoomed to over 300 pounds and he made several controversial anti- Semitic remarks and he seemed to have become a sad caricature of his former self.
On July 1, 2004, Marlon Brando died of respiratory failure at the age of 80.
Published by Angela Coleman
I am a freelance  writer living in Las Vegas, Nevada with my husband.  I am a former public school music teacher who left that profession to pursue some adventure.   View profile
