Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando death, Marlon Brando "The Godfather, Marlon Brando quote
<
Entertainers Home / Entertainment Channel
One of the greatest actors to ever grace  the silver screen, Marlon Brando is a creative genius who modernized  the art of method acting through the astonishing dedication he directed  towards the power and depth of the craft. Best known for taking  the roles he wanted straight from the hands of the movie execs, Marlon  was an aggressive rebel who followed in the same footsteps of other  legendary actors like James Dean, refusing to play a puppet to  Hollywood. Always frank about his abhorrence for the industry and as an  iconic celebrity, Marlon never refused the chance to use the very thing  he hated as a catalyst to further his own political cause. Born in  Omaha, New England, Brando’s brazen attitude was the result in  expulsion from military school at an early age. Through a local theater  group that his mother operated, Marlon left for New York City to study  under Stella Adler and Lee Strasberg. After making his debut on  Broadway in 1946, Marlon was voted the Most Promising Actor of his  generation and quickly became the star of “A Streetcar Named Desire”  with a performance that wowed critics and proved his indisputable  talent. A few years later, Marlon teamed up with controversial  director, Elia Kazan, and produced a film version of the famous play,  winning him a nomination for Best Actor and  an Oscar for Best Picture.
Marlon and Kazan continued to work with each other and soon became a  tag team of talent not to be taken lightly. Together, the duo released  “Viva Zapata!” and the much-admired  “ On the  Waterfront ”  about a washed-up boxer who leads a worker’s union. By the 1960’s,  Marlon become a financial gamble and his box-office draw began to  dimish as he became involved with undeserving projects. It wasn’t until  1972 with  “ The  Godfather ”  that the troublesome actor was able to regain the critics' hearts.  Against the movie studio’s wishes, Francis Ford Coppola cast Marlon as  the Mafia boss, Don Corleone, turning out a brilliant performance that  garnered him plenty of critical attention and awarded him with an Oscar  for Best Actor. During the Academy Awards although, Marlon refused the  award and instead sent Sacheen Littlefeather (a Native American  spokesperson) to deliver a speech about the U.S. government’s past war  crimes against the Native American population. Marlon continued his  controversial lifestyle when he appeared in Bernardo Bertolucci’s  sex-driven tale, “Last Tango in Paris.”
After a series of films that brought Marlon back into the spotlight,  including his award-winning performance in “A Dry White Season” and a  parody of his beloved mob character in “The Freshman,” Marlon became  involved in two  major films that failed to justify in his partaking: Coppola’s  “Apocalypse Now” and “Superman.” In 1990, Marlon’s son, Christian, was  found guilty of murdering his  sister, Cheyenne’s, lover and was imprisoned. Cheyenne later committed  suicide and the financial strain that fell on Marlon caused the since  retired actor to return to performing. His last films, for which he  probably appeared in only for the money, all proved to be horrible  disappointments and the legendary actor quickly became a laughing stock  in the film world. While it’s impossible to negate the last ten years  of his career, Marlon’s earlier achievements effortlessly compensate  for the bad decisions he made. Renowned for his honesty and hard-earned  talent, Marlon ended his career with a surplus of awards (including two  Oscars and five Golden Globes) and will forever be remembered as  a glorious icon of Hollywood.
Marlon On The Web
