by Joal Ryan
Jul 2, 2004, 11:45 AM PT
Marlon Brando professed to dislike acting. It could be said then that, on numerous occasions, he faked it pretty good.
The mythic, maddening Method man invariably hailed as America's greatest actor for a 50-year film career that began with an incendiary performance in A Streetcar Named Desire and burned bright again in The Godfather, died Thursday in Los Angeles. UCLA Medical Center released a statement saying Brando succumbed to lung failure at 6:30 p.m.
He was 80.
His attorney says a private funeral was being planned for friends and family.
Over and over again Friday, fellow actors, particularly those who came of age in the 1970s, spoke of Brando in reverential terms. James Caan said his Godfather dad "influenced more young actors of my generation than any actor." Robert Duvall, another son of the Godfather, praised Brando's "enormous positive influence on younger performers." John Travolta, who never acted with Brando, said the screen great "touched me so deeply."
Robert De Niro, who played the younger version of Brando's Mafia don in The Godfather, Part II, called him simply "a great actor."
Godfather director Francis Ford Coppola anticipated how the star would have reacted to this outpouring: "Marlon would hate the idea of people chiming in to give their comments about his death. All I'll say is that it makes me sad he's gone."
While his legend never waned, Brando's work degenerated into self-parody over the last decade of his life, as his health similarly went into decline.
Just this week, a report said Brando was scraping by on pensions and living in a "claustrophobic" Los Angeles bungalow. He had been in ill health for years. A hospitalization in April 2001 for pneumonia forced him to withdraw from the sort of project he had reduced himself to: A cameo in Scary Movie 2.
Brando last appeared on film in 2001's The Score. Upon Brando's death, a European-based director announced he'd been working with Brando on a new project, Brando and Brando, that would have put the actor back before the cameras in July. The project now is set to proceed without its namesake star.
In his prime, Brando was a two-time Oscar winner (for On the Waterfront and The Godfather), and an eight-time nominee. But because Brando was never particularly interested in being a movie star, he was also famously a one-time Oscar rejecter. In 1973, he famously dispatched would-be Native American Sacheen Littlefeather (aka Mexican-American actress Maria Cruz) to the Oscar ceremonies to decline his Academy Award for playing Don Vito Corleone in The Godfather.
For the last 25 years, Brando's girth loomed as large as his name. In the mid-1990s, he reportedly tipped the scales at 400 pounds.
Weight, age and agonizing family dramas eroded the movie-star looks that brought him beefcake status in the 1950s ("He's a walking hormone factory," a producer said of him then). But Brando's reputation, though sullied in stinkers like The Island of Dr. Moreau, was never diminished. He earned $3 million for just three weeks work on The Score. Even in down times (and despite dismissively referring to director Frank Oz as "Miss Piggy"), the Brando brand name was still gold.
"Brando is just the best actor in the world today," director Elia Kazan said in 1954.
Kazan's sentiment met with little disagreement.
From his 1950 film debut, as a damaged WWII vet in The Men, to 1954's Waterfront, as a compromised ex-boxer (under Kazan's direction), Brando appeared in six films, earned four consecutive Oscar nominations, won one Academy Award (for Waterfront) and saw his price tag climb to a then hefty $200,000 a picture.
Actor Jon Voight once described Brando's first six films as "absolutely enormous." They included: A Streetcar Named Desire, Viva Zapata!, Julius Caesar and The Wild One. Only The Wild One and The Men failed to net Brando Oscar nods.
The excitement around Brando centered on his style. He didn't project. He mumbled. He didn't act. He inhabited--as was the way of the Method, the build-the-character-from-the-inside technique preached at New York's New School and the Actors' Studio.
Born Apr. 3, 1924, in Omaha, Nebraska, Marlon Brando Jr., a military-school reject, studied at both places in the 1940s. At the Actors' Studio, in particular, he found himself at the proving ground for the new breed of post-World War II stars. Other distinguished alum of the era included Karl Malden, Marilyn Monroe and Rod Steiger.
On Friday, Malden, who costarred in Streetcar and Waterfront, said that while his friend and colleague was known for the Method, "he was always just doing Marlon Brando--his own style of acting."
Whatever it was, it worked, first on Broadway, in 1947's career-making performance as "Stella!"-shouting brute Stanley Kowalski in the original production of Streetcar, and then on film.
In Viva Zapata!, he was the real-life Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata. In Julius Caesar, he was Shakespeare's version of the principled Marc Antony. And in The Wild One, he was a force of nature--a leather-wearing, hog-riding, gang-leading bad boy.
But even as Brando was riding high in the early 1950s, there were signs he was ready to kill the engine. He said he did Hollywood movies only because he was too weak to turn down the money. He disliked fans. He disliked rehearsals. He disdained learning lines (the better to keep things spontaneous).
"Acting is just hustling," Brando told Playboy in 1979. "In your heart of hearts, you know perfectly well that movie stars aren't artists."
In short, the world was falling over itself in praise of Brando, and Brando didn't care, which, for the most part, only made the world fall over itself even more.
After his initial six-pack of hits, Brando went his own way--singing in Guys and Dolls, turning Japanese for The Teahouse of the August Moon, donning a Nazi uniform in The Young Lions.
It was in the 1960s, though, that Brando truly began to separate himself from his audience, and Hollywood.
First, he directed the new-style Western One-Eyed Jacks (1961), then he went prima donna, reportedly making a tortuous production of an underwhelming version of Mutiny on the Bounty (1962).
As Brando's social conscience grew (his chief issues being Native Americans and civil rights), his film choices grew curiouser and curiouser. John Huston's Reflections in a Golden Eye (1967), in which Brando played a sexually conflicted Army major, was, in a word, weird.
By the early 1970s, Hollywood's so-called "best actor" was unhirable. Coppola had to lobby to get studio brass to even consider Brando as The Godfather's godfather. Brando won the role of Vito Corleone only after consenting to an audition and a paltry (by his former standards) $50,000 paycheck.
Brando's turn as the Mob boss (his cheeks stuffed with Kleenex) gave rise to a Brando renaissance in the 1970s. He was a leading man again (albeit of a darker sort) in Last Tango in Paris. He was Superman's father Jor-El in Superman (a role for which he was paid $4 million for 10 minutes' worth of screen time). And he was the mysterious Colonel Kurtz in Coppola's Apocalypse Now.
He won a 1979 Emmy for portraying American Nazi leader George Lincoln Rockwell in the miniseries, Roots: The Next Generation.
Arguably, Brando gave very little in the way of memorably good performances in the last two decades. He did, however, give many memorably odd performances--in The Score and Moreau, among others.
He also continued to earn big paychecks. This, according to Brando, was the point entirely.
"There isn't anything that pays you as much money as acting while you are deciding what the hell you're going to do with yourself," Brando told Larry King in 1996.
In 1990, he parodied his Don Corleone self in The Freshman. He earned his last Oscar nomination, for Best Supporting Actor, for 1989's A Dry White Season.
Brando's personal life was as turbulent as his career. He married and divorced three times, to the actresses Tarita Teriipia, Movita and Anna Kashfi. He engaged in a bitter custody battle with Kashfi over eldest son Christian. In 1990, Christian shot and killed half-sister Cheyenne's lover at Brando's Los Angeles home. Christian served nearly five years in prison. Cheyenne committed suicide in 1995.
In April 2002, Brando's former maid, Maria Cristina Ruiz, filed a $100 million breach-of-contract lawsuit against the actor, saying it was her de facto divorce petition after 14 non-married years and three children together. He settled that suit in 2003, and just last week settled another one with a former personal assistant whose daughter he had adopted.
In 1996, Brando proved he still had the ability to shock, kissing the host of Larry King Live and talking bluntly about how "Hollywood is run by Jews."
He expounded on other topics in his 1994 autobiography, Songs My Mother Taught Me. The book was no small feat for a man who had long talked about how much he disliked talking about himself.
"I have decided to tell the story of my life as best I can," he wrote, "so that my children can separate the truth from the myths that others have created about me..."
But, in the end, Marlon Brando was impossible to separate from the mythology of Marlon Brando. He was larger than life. He was larger than most of his movies. He was simply Brando.
(Originally published at 8:45 a.m. PT.)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Who can forget his memorable lines from movies like "A Street Car Named Desire" or "On the Waterfront"?? Incredible. Passionate. Simply amazing.
Marlon Brando was one of the greatest actors to ever live. No doubt about it.
He will be missed. Thankfully, he will forever live on in movies.
This post has been edited by BriannaHaskins: 02 July 2004 - 10:37 PM
