apple_white
About this design
Marlon Brando is one of the sexiest actor in the film history like Rudolph Valentino, or Brat Pitt.
His acting style was very unique at that time. He often plays rebel character or anti-hiro with kind of dark tone of voice. That is cool.
Similar T shirts:
Tweet
The Shirts
We produce our t shirts as they are sold. We hold a stock of about 25,000 blank t shirts in about 100 varieties of size, colour and type for each t shirt design. When you order a t shirt it is made specifically for you – your exact choice of design, size, type and colour.      Our t shirt designs are routinely reproduced onto the fabric of the shirts at a resolution of 760dpi. Colour and detail are our allies. The process dyes the fabric of the shirt, the decorated area has no hand feel and does not affect the performance of the fabric. The t shirts are produced one at a time with the designs scaled to the size of the shirt you choose.
Delivery and Returns
We produce all orders paid for before 4.30pm UK time on the day and post them by 1st class Royal Mail post that evening. The vast majority of our customers with UK delivery addresses receive their shirts the day afterwards. Otherwise we use Royal Mail 1st class Airmail. Typical delivery delays are about 4 days to the United States, a week to Australia, New Zealand and Asia, about 20 days to South America, within a week to most parts of Europe. These times are expectations, they are not guarantees. If the packets get tangled up in Customs things can take a month.
Returns
If for any reason the shirt is not suitable you can exchange it or ask for a refund within 30 days of receiving it. Our sizes are generous, please check the size chart and consider a size smaller than you might expect to order. T shirts exchanged for being too large out number t shirts exchanged for being too small by about 100:1.
The Designs
The brief to designers is in three basic parts: 1/ Content before commerce. Please do not try to pick winners or ask your self will this sell as a primary question. 2/ Topic before aesthetic. In that order the admiration of a topic informs and motivates the aesthetic and you get both. The evidence is all around that making the aesthetic the primary consideration does not work and you end up with neither. 3/ Authenticity: To emphasise the appeal of authentic admiration we quote from our Goethe t shirt “What is uttered from the heart alone will win the hearts of others to your own.” If it's authentic it is interesting if it is contrived BS you have seen it before...
Our T-shirts cover a good deal of territory, from the Roman Emperor Vespasian through engineering, science, architecture, design, film, philosophy and sport. We know our t-shirts have enhanced the love lives of our customers, and we know our shirts, bought as presents by customers for their teenage children, are the only t-shirts those teenagers will wear. And if we don't have what you want: tell us! Many of our designs were made in response to customer suggestions.
Company Background
The inspiration for the company came from the purchase of a t-shirt, 20 odd years ago. The shirt in question had hand painted details from The Bayeux Tapestry. This was the first time the founder of WeAdmire had seen a t-shirt with any relevant intellectual dimension. He did not see another until a designer applying to work for WeAdmire.net as it started delivered his take on Ben Jonson's The Alchemist some 22 years later.
