anon269261
Post 30
Did you know the guy who played the Joker and killed himself was a method actor? The reason he killed himself was he got depressed, just like his character.
anon269191
Post 29
Seems to me the guy who Dustin Hoffman was acting with was a little bit jealous about his drive and dedication to the character. Absolutely, it's important to immerse yourself into the character. Treat the character as as living thing and become it.
anon256976
Post 28
Method acing has become the primary teaching tool in the united states because it lets actors masturbate emotionally and that feels good. Ask any psychiatrist and they will tell you that using past emotional experiences is a healing process and you will soon lose the ability to use them.
What if you have to play an alien? I doubt very many of you have that past experience. Besides, what type of sick person wants to go through their entire acting career recalling their mother's death? Method acting as taught by Konstantin was about making acting real, not living real moments. He would roll over in his grave if he knew what Stanislavsky and others did to his process.
Related Topics
anon251359
Post 27
Laurence Olivier will always be the best actor ever and that's because he could act and he became his characters. Olivier was and is so electrifying. All the other actors are just amateurs compared to Olivier. There will never be another actor that great.
anon162346
Post 26
why are people jealous of talented people just because they themselves are nerds and not capable of doing anything in life? It's so easy to criticize and so difficult to create. method or no method, brando was and will remain one of the most amazing actors this world has ever seen.
anon139428
Post 25
The simplest way to describe method acting is it's about human behavior in front of a camera or onstage. If anything it's about "not acting" and its genre is realism, which applies to most movies and stage plays today.
Related Topics
anon128340
Post 24
I have read reams about method acting and still do not know what the word means! What we want it to, I suppose. I hold it responsible for the common fault, especially in American soaps, of screwing up your face and body into a suitable expression and attitude for the next line before you deliver it. Ugh!
anon124960
Post 23
i believe that stella adler did a great job with her method acting. as a student who studies drama, i love her method, and i will use it until i die. but here in south africa there's no actor that lives the character of his/her role. they're all faking it, especially in the soap that is called generations.
anon123700
Post 22
What a great work they did there, but I believe we should start thinking on another new way to do the stuff. I am a film director based in Cameroon. Etiendem R.
Related Topics
Post 21
Hey anon 60049, you have absolutely no idea.
Brando's performance in 'On the Waterfront' is nothing short of extraordinary and revolutionary. You have no humanity or understanding of acting if you can't see that.
If you want to see just how good he is, look at the performances of everyone else in that film. He is quite simply in a league of naturalism and emotion all of his own.
Kazan's genius was just meeting Brando and making sure he continued to work with him! Couldn't go wrong.
anon74612
Post 20
I have to agree with Stella Adler. Every person has a life story: values, attitudes, behaviors they were taught, experiences they have lived through, and this restricts their behavior at any moment in time as each person is restricted to his/her own life story. Don't you at times wish you could be somebody else? I think that is the appeal of acting.
anon70838
Post 19
Thank god for comments ranting about Brando and Dean! I'm so sick and tired of hearing about them. Especially Dean, who was the most overrated actor of all time. Brando was revolutionary but that's was all. People seem to think he was a god or something.
Related Topics
anon70031
Post 18
Personally I think that both James Dean and Brando were amazing actors! They didn't 'over-play' the character as some more popular actors nowadays do. And they really found the inner emotions of the character to make it convincing and believable to the audience.
James Dean was famed to be so into character that he'd have troubles getting 'out'. And I love Stella Adler's approach to the Method, really makes sense to me.
anon62563
Post 17
Sorry, posters, but I'll have to cry "foul" on the Marlon Brando hating. Even if you can't appreciate his performance, he deserves recognition for taking method acting in cinema to another level.
anon60049
Post 16
I have to agree with anon 58984. Brando's acting in On the Waterfront is just so bad it's laughable. And those eyebrows, wow!
Related Topics
anon58984
Post 15
James Dean was the most overrated actor of the 20th century. Marlon Brando wasn't much better. The 1930's produced real acting and true character portrayal. These mush mouthed, tortured souls are simply tiresome!
anon55946
Richard Boleslawsky is not American. He is Polish.
anon51004
Post 13
I found this to be very helpful to be used in drama sessions and also can be used in life. very good.
Related Topics
