RSS
Why He's A Style Icon
Lauded by many in the movie industry as Hollywood's original rebel, Marlon Brando played by his own rules, both on-screen and in his personal life. His appearance in 1953's The Wild One helped solidify his bad-boy image, and his strikingly good looks coupled with his ability to mesmerize audiences with his performance quickly gained him notoriety as a sex symbol. Soon, teenagers everywhere wanted to dress like Marlon Brando, talk like him and imitate his brooding mannerisms.
A trailblazer when it came to both acting and style, Brando shared a commonality with many style icons : he wasn't afraid to venture into unfamiliar territory, even wearing jeans to movie premieres despite this wardrobe choice being heavily frowned upon at the time. In fact, in just a few short years, the magnetic star popularized motorbike paraphernalia as a way to dress defiantly and had inspired an entire generation to take a stance against the establishment. Altogether, Marlon Brando's tough-guy look came to epitomize the social upheaval that began in 1950s America, securing the silver-screen legend a place in the style icon hall of fame for all time.
Dress The Brando Way
With the resurgence of interest in anything retro and a particular nostalgia for the ’50s, Marlon Brando's antihero biker look remains as cool today as it was in his heyday. You probably already have many components that will help you achieve Brando's style in your closet , so you won't have to invest in much to get this hell-raising look just right. You'll need to start with some fitted jeans, but not the skinny ones that seem glued on -- remember, you're going for suggestively sexy, not painfully skintight. Try shopping at Levi’s or investigating other old-school brands to find what you're looking for. Once you've secured your denim, roll up the bottoms a good few inches to create a cuff. On top, you'll need a plentiful supply of white tank tops and muscle-bearing T-shirts. A black leather jacket is your cover-up of choice, and the more punky silver hardware, the better. Accessorize your modern-day outlaw look with leather gloves, dark, round sunglasses, oversize aviator glasses, and of course, a motorcycle. Complete Marlon Brando's anti-authoritarian style with a pair of clunky and ruggedly masculine leather boots, like these from Frye , that will only get better with time. You're now licensed to be a full-on maverick; just remember not to leave your devil-may-care attitude behind.
By Farah Averill Farah Averill
For as long as she can remember, Farah has had a love affair with fashion. Her other interests include traveling and adventure seeking. She also holds a master's degree in psychology.
First Impression This article makes me
Thanks for rating this article. Now share it on:
