Brando's emotional depth had ability to disturb and excite
By Jack Garner, Gannett News Service
An anguished man stands in a yard, his torn T-shirt soaked with rain. He looks to a second floor apartment, grabs the sides of his head and bellows "Stella!" It was Marlon Brando in A Streetcar Named Desire, first on a New York stage and then on the world's movie screens and the performance would launch a revolution in acting.
It was a cry from an emotional depth to which theater and film audiences had not yet been exposed.
It was the cry that shook the acting profession, challenging actors to plumb untapped personal emotions and it brought audiences to a level of natural feeling that was both disturbing and exciting.
It was "method," a style of acting evolved from the teachings of Russian director Constantin Stanislavsky.
He believed actors must strive for absolute psychological identification with the character being portrayed and that this identification is at least as important as mastery of voice projection or body movement.
It was a style of acting that demanded a performer look inward to his own emotions and his own "sense memory."It was no longer enough to observe human behavior and copy it. Now you had to identify aspects of it within yourself. It wasn't enough to do something, now you had to understand what motivated the action.
Soon known as the method, the acting style was first popularized in the United States by the Group Theatre and later by Lee Strasberg at the Actors' Studio.
Marlon Brando became the style's first great proponent.
Although Brando's work in A Streetcar Named Desire set the stage, the method really captured the public's imagination with his Oscar-winning portrayal as Terry Malloy, the former boxer turned informant in On the Waterfront.
Acting is about choices, and Brando's choices in On the Waterfront, are sublime. Consider the moment in the park when co-star Eva Marie Saint drops her delicate lady's gloves. Director Elia Kazan kept the cameras moving. Most actors would simply pick up the gloves and hand them to Saint. Brando picks them up and playfully tries to slip his hand into one of them. It's a tight fit, a quiet but potent way to demonstrate his character's size and brute strength in the face of the gentle girl at his side.
Later in Waterfront, Brando and his co-star, Rod Steiger (as his brother), enact what many consider the greatest scene in all of film. They're in the back seat of a taxi. Brando's Malloy is opening up to his brother Charlie about a betrayal of the past that set his life on a downward course:
"Remember that night in the Garden you came down to my dressing room and you said, 'Kid, this ain't your night. We're going for the price on Wilson.' You remember that? 'This ain't your night'! My night! I coulda taken Wilson apart! So what happens? He gets the title shot outdoors on the ballpark and what do I get? A one-way ticket to Palooka-ville!
"You was my brother, Charley, you shoulda looked out for me a little bit. You shoulda taken care of me just a little bit so I wouldn't have to take them dives for the short-end money."You don't understand. I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I coulda been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am, let's face it. It was you, Charley."
