Engineering
MARLON BRANDO
American actor.  Acted in films: A Streetcar Named Desire, " Viva Zapata! "," Savage, " In Port "(Oscar)," Pursuit, " Candy, " Queimado, " The Godfather "(Oscar)," Last Tango in Paris "," Superman, " Apocalypse Now "," Don Juan de Marco ", etc.
Marlon Brando was born April 3, 1924 in Omaha, Neb. , the son of small-scale traveling salesman. "In early childhood, we still have a normal house: father, mother and my two sisters, Frances and Joslin, - says Brando.  - I adored my mother and her beauty, charm, ease with which she approached all cases, and calm with which belonged to the little things.  But not for long.  The mother was more likely to disappear from the house.  Neighbors to each other, there was talk that it′s easier Mrs.  Brando meet in a bar than a church or on the farm. "
At sixteen, Brando was sent to the Military Academy in Fariba, which he called "military a lunatic asylum. "
In spring 1943, Marlon moved to New York.  He had to work as elevator operator in a supermarket, a waiter, before reaching into the New School for Social Research.  There Brando first read Tolstoy, Dostoevsky, Nietzsche, Kant, Rousseau.
In late 1943, Marlon started to work in the Actors Studio Lee Strasberg.  He was rehearsing Pirandello, Moliere, carried away by existentialism.  Unquestioned authority became his director and teacher Stella Adler. "She taught in the Stanislavsky - recalls Brando - and me, and others, and there was a whole diaspora actors in the footsteps of that went around the world.  This style is formed Russian . . .  Today the world, many are copying the style.  It′s ridiculous - they believe that imitate the Americans, but actually mimic Russian - Stanislavsky!
Praise has come to him on Dec.  3, 1947, when on Broadway in "Ettel Barrymore tietr" he played the role of Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams′ famous play "A Streetcar Named Desire. " Subsequently, Williams recalled: "The role of Kowalski was the first major role, played them on stage, everything else - in the movies.  On stage, he had a gift that I have seen only the Loretta Taylor [performer of the role of Amanda in "Glass Menagerie"], - power over the audience.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
"
Within two years, Brando played the role of Stanley Kowalski, and then left for three months in Paris, where he enjoyed the atmosphere of his beloved city.
Upon returning to New York, Brando first appeared in the film "Men" (1950) in the director Fred Zinnemann, and then in the movie "A Streetcar Named Desire (1951) with Vivien Leigh as Blanche.  The famous men′s magnetic charm of the actor seen in the film Elia Kazan at full power.
Critics wrote that Brando in "absolute artistic easily played all the dark and wild, that was characteristic of his hero. "
In the theater Brando never played, except for its appearance in 1953 on stage in Shaw′s play "Arms and the Man. " His vocation was film.
In the film "Viva Zapata!" On the script by John Steinbeck Marlon with surprising certainty demonstrated the contradictory nature of Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata.
In 1950 the American screen appeared the so-called "lone rebels.  Brando played this type in his fifth film "The Savages" (1953).  His hero - Johnny, the leader of the twelve "apostles of death," young men on motorcycles.  When the picture came on the screens of the country, T-shirts, jeans, caps with a little visor and a leather jacket became a symbol of youthful revolt.
The first phase of Brando′s career was crowned "Oscar" for his role in the film "In port" (1954).  The thirty-actor was the youngest of the awardees for the entire previous history of this prize.  Marlon played the role of a young dockers Melloya Terry, a former boxer who enters the fight with a gangster.  Critics noted the strange property of actor Marlon Brando: his masculine strength was linked to human fragility, vulnerability.  Tragic beginning not separated from the romantic, but romanticism was hidden, as if afraid to find themselves.
Harold CLERMAULT wrote: "The power of his talent, Marlon Brando, I am deeply convinced, is not inferior to any of the most outstanding British actors of our day.  But we do not have the theater, where he could find use his talent, show it, showed his talent as Laurence Olivier, thanks to the stimulus, which was for him to play in a relatively short period of roles in the plays of Shakespeare, Ionesco, Chekhov, Strindberg, Sheridan, Osborne.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
Brando himself believed that "the only thing worth living - is love. " Press long savored his short-lived affairs with Shelley Winters, Joan Collins, Rita Moreno and others.  Hype preceded never held marriage to a Frenchwoman Josee Berger.
October 11, 1957 at the hand Brando still appeared wedding ring. "Hindu beauty Anna Kashf Marlon fascinated by romantic tales of his childhood, held on the banks of the Ganges . . .
When to visit them came Kashf Anne′s father, the actor suddenly found out that Anna was an ordinary Iranian girl who never had their ancestors in India, and even lived in this country . . .  This news is so stunned by Brando that he, despite the birth of his son Christian, filed for divorce.  The court ordered to pay ex-wife half a million dollars and pay an allowance for a child abandoned by her mother.
The second wife, Tahitian, Brando met while filming Milestone "Mutiny on the Bounty (1962).  Her name was Tarita Terinaya.  Tarita bore Marlon Simon′s son and daughter Sheyen.
Brando′s film career a good start.  He starred in the films of historical ( "Desire") and modern ( "From rock fugitives"); melodramas ( "Sayonara"), comedies ( "tale for the night"), musicals ( "Guys and girls").  He played a German in the "young lions", the Japanese - in the Teahouse of the August Moon ".
In the painting "One-Eyed Jacks, Marlon made his debut as a director.  His film won the main prize at film festival in San Sebastian-61.  True, the first directing experience was for Brando, and the last.  Why? "Oh, because it all started very early in the morning - Marlon explained.  - Actors have to get up at dawn, like a wild beast.  And in the evening to arrange everything for tomorrow.  Too much work. "
In 1960 the name of Marlon Brando is increasingly beginning to appear in the scandalous chronicle. "Genius somber contemplation and independent stubbornness" accused that he had a nasty and rude, that he no one can get along.  All this is compounded by the fact that Marlon Brando acted in defense of blacks, Indians, supported the national liberation movement in South America and Africa.
His attention is attracted by the script of Arthur Penn film "The Chase" (1965), tells about the problems associated with growing violence in the United States.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
Sheriff Calder - Brando memorable audience.
But the next film "A Countess from Hong Kong" (1967) Charlie Chaplin, brought disappointment.  Brando worshiped the great comedian, but when met with him in the work that was already 77 years. "During filming I got an idea of Chaplin as a ruthless sadist, the like of which I have not ever met.  It was a real tyrant, selfish and petty nit-picker, who endlessly admonished people for being late for filming and every now and then drove them shouting for them to work faster, "- wrote in his book, Brando.
In 1968, Marlon had bought for $ 20 million Tetiaroa atoll in the Pacific Ocean - 13 small islands about 45 kilometers north of Tahiti.  Brando has announced its possession a "zone of protection of rare birds, began experimenting with solar energy, developed a utopian plans for the development of agriculture in the tropics.  He delves into Kafka, Kant, studying tomes on psychology.
Among them revered directors - Elia Kazan, Bernardo Bertolucci and Gino Pontecorvo.  In 1968, Pontecorvo made a film "Queimado. " Brando believed that this is one of his major works.  He plays the role of Sir William Walker, the British envoy, visiting the island Queimado to raise its population to fight against the Portuguese authorities.  Ironically, years later, Walker is once again on Queimado - this time to tame "savages" who oppose the new colonialists.
The film was a great success and was exhibited at many international film festivals, including in Moscow.
In 1971 Brando received the landmark role of Don Corleone in the Mafia saga "The Godfather".  In this role claimed by the other stars - Laurence Olivier, George C.  Scott, and even producer Carlo Ponti.  Brando′s candidacy was proposed by Mario Puzo′s novel.
Directed by Francis Ford Coppola makes the sample at the villa Brando in Beverly Hills.  Actor penchant for hair dyes, paints a mustache and stuffed her cheeks, paper handkerchiefs.  Before you stand in front of the camera Coppola, he says to his reflection in the mirror: "This is something that should be: a vile bulldog face, and inside - the heat. " His character - a great family man and successful businessman, but he was the head of the Mafia and murder for this man is nothing more than part of the business.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
"Initially, - the director says, - I thought Marlon capricious titanium.  But it was very simple, straightforward man.  It is easy to converge with people.  And he likes it when they say "no" if his proposal is unwise. "
Premiere of "The Godfather" was held in New York on March 11, 1972. "When I first watched" The Godfather ", I saw how many mistakes made during the filming, but after years of seeing it on television, decided that this was a good film" - says Brando.
In the spring of 1973 took place award for Oscar.  Brando won Best Actor the year.  But instead of the winner came to the stage Sasha Litlfezer Indian woman dressed in traditional costume of his tribe, and said: "Marlon Brando, unfortunately, can not accept the award.  This is a protest against the discrimination of indigenous people of this country - the Indians - on television, in movies, in the course of recent events in the village of Wounded Knee . . . "
In the hall - whistling, hooting, the cries of indignation.  So the actor has once again challenged the prevailing stereotypes of public opinion.
He immediately removed in the scandalous film "Last Tango in Paris" (1972).  Getting Brando with director Bernardo Bertolucci begins rather strangely. "The first fifteen minutes - recalls Bertolucci - Marlon did not say a word, just looked at me, then he wanted me to tell him how I see it. "
In the end, Brando agrees to the role without even reading the script.
What this movie? This question Brando replied: "I do not know - about the life and sufferings.  Actor plays a man who has just committed suicide wife.  In search of the apartment, he meets a strange girl - and flashes sensual connection.  Bertolucci asked the actor does not transform into a hero, and give it its individuality, its psychology, its relation to issues of gender.  In the role of a French withdrew Maria Schneider.
The film was a tremendous audience success.  In Italy, he falls into the category of prohibited.  This raises the stormy debate over what constitutes pornography on the screen.  One of the American critics said that, in this sense, the "Tango" brings world cinema to the purpose for which it seeks from its very appearance - namely, most fully reflect real life.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
Participation in the "Godfather" and "Last Tango in Paris" Brando made a rich man.  Now he could afford to appear on the screen even rarer.
The summer of 1976 in the Philippines, directed by Coppola began to shoot pictures of the war in Vietnam, Apocalypse Now.  The script was written based on the novel by Joseph Conrad′s "Heart of Darkness.  Arriving on the set, Brando found the director in a depressed state: he had quarreled with the operator did not know how to build a movie, thought that the script is terrible.  Brando decided to return to the director of Conrad′s novel.  As a result, the screen appeared a hero - Colonel Walter Kurtz, who founded the colony in the jungles of Vietnam people who hate the war hero, a symbol of all the unreal nightmare, which brought the Vietnam War.
After "Superman" (1979) Donner, in which Brando played the role of one of the rulers of a distant planet, the actor is not played in nine years.  Lived in Tahiti, on the island of Tetiaroa.  Walking, swimming, engaged in fishing, playing with children.  Peel.  Growing fat.  Not become an alcoholic.  Read books on Eastern philosophy. "I learned a lot from the Indians, blacks, Jews, absorbing their culture, but my heart rate - an American," - says Brando.
"I always tried to do their job as best as possible, but I was always more interested in other things.  I was not able to decide what interests me most . . .  I can watch 45 minutes of ants, and I never for one moment do not get bored.  It is a pity that you can not have ten or fifty lives, because in the world so many interesting things. "
In 1988 he was offered the role of lawyer, defending a Negro in South Africa, in the film "A Dry White Season. " The fee - 3. 3 million plus 11. 3 per cent potirazhnyh.  Brando flew to the shooting in London.  Directed he seemed "neophyte" and, despite the fact that the movie was filmed Donald Sezerlend, Brando′s nothing good on the movie was not expecting.
Then he had a small role of a mafia boss in the comedy "The Freshman", which brought him 14 million dollars for three weeks filming.  In 1991 he played the head of the Spanish Inquisition of Torquemada in the film "Christopher Columbus: Opening.
Photo — «Marlon Brando»
Having an affair with Marlon almost always ended with the birth of the child.  May 13, 1989 at Nina was born - from Kristina Rune, thirty maid, a native of Guatemala. "I never would have believed that I could at that age to experience such tenderness and affection for this little creature . . . " - Marlon recognized.  Christina gave birth to four years, three infants.
Children brought Marlon Brando not only joy but also pain.  In April 1990, at his villa was murdered.  Son from his first marriage, Christian pistol shot her lover 20-year Sheyen, Dag Droletta.  Brando grieved family tragedy and even wanted to ever go to Europe, but beyond the intentions did not get . . .
With Johnny Depp Marlon works in the film "Don Juan DeMarco" (1995).  They have a rare understanding.  Brando played the psychiatrist, Depp - his ward.
When Depp moved into directing, Brando agreed to help him with his name and starred in the movie "The Brave" (1997) in one of the key roles - McCarthy. "I think he′s incredibly talented and very interesting person - said about his friend Marlon.  - It is felt the greatness of soul. "
Brando continued to appear in small roles in exchange for fabulous fees.  At the same time he stressed that the actor′s game - it is his job, a way of life. "I never really did not like to be removed, but there was nothing else that would give big money for such tomfoolery . . . "
At one time, Marlon Brando and Robert De Niro received an Oscar for starring in The Godfather.  In 2001, they met on the set with director Frank Oz in the movie "Account".
Brando is still hot cakes.  Italian producers invited him to the role of the Pope, but organizers of the filming of Scary Movie 2 "offered to play a priest-exorcist, promising four days filming fee of two million dollars . . .
P. S.  Marlon Brando died July 1, 2004.
Top article
Sofia Loren
Sophia Loren, Shikolone real name, was born September 20, 1934, in Clinic of Queen Margaret. Mother Sophia — Romilda Wilanow, comes from the fishing village of Pozzuoli, arrived in Rome, where he was to meet with Ricardo Shikolone. When Romilda pregnant, then abandoned Ricardo zhinitsya on it.
Coco Chanel
Coco Chanel - she freed a woman from the XX century corsets and created a new silhouette freeing her body. Fashion designer Coco Chanel revolutionized the shape of a woman, she became an innovator and trendsetter, her ideas contrary to the canons of the old fashion.
Katharine Hepburn
American actress. Filmed in the movies: "Early fame" (Oscar), "Little Women," "The Philadelphia Story", "Woman of the Year", "Guess who comes to dinner?" (Bonus " Oscar ")," Lion in Winter "(Oscar)," On Golden pond "(Oscar) and other theatrical roles: Antiopa (voitelnitsy husband), Tracy Lord (" The Philadelphia Story "), etc.
