never before published Marlon Brando pics
RARE: Marlon Brando's Method, 1950
How Marlon Brando Shook Up Hollywood
The year was 1949, and 25-year-old Marlon Brando -- "the brilliant brat," as LIFE magazine called him following his astonishing work on Broadway in A Streetcar Named Desire -- had finally answered the call of Hollywood. He was preparing to film his movie debut in The Men, the wrenching story of a World War II vet coping with rage and insecurity after he's paralyzed in combat. And while it's true that L.A. was used to next-big-thing newcomers, it was (and still is) exceedingly rare to chronicle the earliest days in the career of a movie actor of Brando's intensity, eccentricities, and electrifying talent. LIFE photograher Ed Clark captured Brando's explosive arrival, not only trailing the actor as he delved deep into "The Method" -- taking to a wheelchair and leg braces to live among paraplegics at a VA hospital in Van Nuys -- but also glimpsing more personal sides of Brando, the private man. To mark the 60th anniversary of the release of The Men (July 20, 1950), LIFE.com presents Clark's photos -- many of which have never before been published -- of a film genius at work. Pictured: A never-before-published photo of Brando in his standard uniform of T-shirt and jeans, sitting back in a wheelchair, smoking a cigarette.
Wheels Up
Never-published photo | Accompanying Ed Clark's images in LIFE's archives were meticulous notes about Brando written by Theodore Strauss, who would ultimately write the magazine's 1950 profile coinciding with the release of The Men. Strauss details every quirk of the actor: what he wore, how he ate, what he read, how he shunned any sort of red carpet that might have been laid out for him when he came to town. "Stanley Kramer, producer of The Men, had intended on putting Brando in a good hotel, but Brando would have none of it," Strauss writes. "First of all he insisted on living with the paraplegics in Birmingham Veterans Hospital during the four weeks before production began. This, he felt, was necessary to giving a completely knowledgeable and valid performance in his role. At the hospital he was given a bed in a 32-bed ward, where he was treated almost like any other patient." Pictured: On the grounds of the hospital, Brando attempts to tip back and balance his wheelchair.
Script in Hand
As his real-life inspirations play cards in the background, Brando leans against a door frame of the VA hospital and takes a smoke break. In his personal style, the actor was unfussy and unpretentious almost to a fault: "When Brando first arrived in Hollywood his only luggage was a battered, imitation-leather suitcase the size of a woman's overnight bag," Strauss observed. "He was wearing a blue worsted suit which had seen much wear and weather -- there were holes and tears in the jacket, and a part of Brando was visible through the seat of the pants."
Getting the Details Right
Never-published photo | Brando chats with a production manager for The Men on the hospital grounds, where the movie shot some scenes. The actor's reputation as a bad boy had preceded him, stories of his nose-picking, shabby dress, sailor's language, and grumbling interviews having traveled all the way from New York to Los Angeles. But, LIFE wrote, "however infantile or irresponsible Brando may be in his personal life, he is a totally conscientious artist in his work. Unlike some of Hollywood's pretty people, he was never late on the set, never indulged in a tantrum, never required endless retakes."
Extreme Focus
It wasn't just scripts he buried himself in: Brando, wrote Strauss, "reads everything, absolutely omnivorous -- from Krishnamurti to recent novels." For the actor, it was all about the craft -- nothing else, even life's essentials, seemed to matter. From LIFE's profile: "His salary, for the soundest of reasons, has been sent to his father, Marlon Brando Sr., who invests the money in cattle on a Midwestern ranch called Penny Poke. Each week Brando receives a living allowance of $150. Because he rarely looks at money and sometimes pays for a package of cigarets with a $20 bill, he usually is penniless by the second day."
Earning Respect
"Brando's orientation and adjustment as a paraplegic was so complete that he participated in their sometimes gruesome horseplay with complete freedom -- one of the reasons why he was so completely accepted," Strauss wrote in his notes. "Monkeyshines include pillow fights, using hypodermic syringes for water pistols." Among the men Brando bonded with most: Pat Grissom (far left), a WWII vet whose spinal cord was severed during an infantry advance in Germany. From Grissom, Brando learned small but pivotal details that informed his performance in The Men: how to position his legs while in the wheelchair (knees collapsed together); how to better maneuver the wheelchair (hands farther back on the wheels, to effect a longer propelling stroke); how to put on shoes (lifting legs by the pants cuffs).
Down Goes Brando
Brando in Bed
Never-published photo | "Unless a conference or interview was scheduled at the hospital, Brando slept until noon each day," Strauss reported in his LIFE piece. "Ordinarily Brando would be rudely awakened when another late-sleeping patient in the next bed slapped his face with a pillow. If Brando woke first, he returned the courtesy."
Brando's Full Measure
Never-published photo | From Strauss' notes about Hollywood's reaction to Brando: "Thus far no one has accused him of posing; everyone to whom we've spoken has a sort of confused respect for a man who, up to now, has managed to live as he feels, without caring a hoot what anyone thinks." Pictured: Brando gets some sun on the porch of the paraplegic ward.
Practicing Everyday Life
Never-published photo | With VA patient Tom DeArmand, Brando goes for coffee and doughnuts at the hospital's cafeteria, where the specially built counter space included a low rail against which patients could set the footrests of their wheelchairs.
In the Leg Braces
With an instructor looking on, Brando eyes himself in a mirror wearing leg braces and leaning on crutches. In the following series of photos, the actor lets his legs become dead weight, and, using his upper body, learns to move himself about.
Learning to Fall ...
At one point Brando loses his balance and falls backward.
... And to Pull Himself Up
His legs helpless and wooden in the braces, Brando pulls himself around on his stomach, then finds the ends of parallel bars to pull himself erect. har har
Finding the Strength
Studying his new pals in the ward, Brando had already strengthened the crucial upper-body muscles by climbing rope and working out with an elastic exercise band. NOTE: Photographer Ed Clark is visible in the mirror behind Brando, taking this picture.
Breakfast in Grandma's Robe
Never-published photo | Once filming on The Men began, Brando moved out of the veterans' hospital and into the small bungalow of his aunt in Eagle Rock, Calif. During this period Brando's maternal grandmother, Elizabeth Myers, was also a houseguest: "She was quite abashed because [LIFE photographer] Ed [Clark] took pictures of Marlon in a bathrobe, which happens to be hers," reported a production assistant among the notes found in LIFE's archives. Grandma Myers was also apologetic about the barbaric way Brando ate: "Bud doesn't bring the food to his face," she told LIFE. "He brings his face to the food." On Brando's lap as he slurps his coffee: his grandmother's dachshund, named Kurtze Beiner (supposedly German for "short legs").
Off to Work He Goes
Never-published photo | The actor kisses his grandmother as he heads to the studio for a day of filming The Men. From LIFE's archival notes about Mrs. Myers' relationship with the boy she called "Bud": "When he lets loose an expletive in order to express himself better, she calmly reminds him that she is mid-Victorian. Marlon rarely argues with her, and takes it all like a spanked grandchild... Then there was a lecture on the way he dressed, with apologies to us when he got into his regular formal attire of denims and tee shirt. He compromised by putting on an old, green pullover over that."
His Bed? The Couch.
Never-published photo | Though Brando was happy to stay in the bungalow, insisting he needed a homelike atmosphere while filming and not some swanky Beverly Hills hotel room, his aunt Betty Lindemeyer wasn't exactly thrilled with her houseguest. LIFE reported he stayed out till all hours and had a particularly insatiable appetite for a very messy fruit: "The Lindemeyers scoured pomegranate stains from walls, furniture, and ceiling for weeks after his departure." Here, Brando lies with his grandma's dog on his aunt's couch, where he crashed while in production.
Her 'Bud'
Brando's grandmother keeps a wary eye on him. "I do hope that Bud comes through all this without too much scandal," she told LIFE. "I love him more than anything on this earth, but I never know when I'm going to hear from him in San Quentin."
Walking Into the Sunset
Never-published photo | Brando goes for a stroll with his grandmother and her dog. Though the movie he was working on would not be a commercial hit, The Men firmly established that Brando was as powerful a presence on film as he was on the stage, and proved wrong anyone who may have doubted his talent because of his eccentricities. From LIFE: "Even behind his indistinct mutterings of lines, audiences and critics have sensed in Brando a combustible, highly charged spirit, a quicksilver of restlessness of the sort that can command with equal power the empty spaces of a stage or the slick surface of a screen." And he was just getting started.
omylawd this post took me forever. wish i could join you in this INEVITABLE PICSPAM but im off to see inception again yay enjoy :)
TAGGED:
