The Reckless Life and Remarkable Career of Marlon Brando
By Stefan Kanfer
Alfred A. Knopf; 350 pages; $26.95
This is a book with a sad ending.
Any biographer of Marlon Brando who wants to go beyond recounting sensational episodes - all too easy to do in Brando's case - or succumbing to hero-worship, has to address the chasm between the actor's immense talent and his abysmal private life. And that's just one of the contradictions of this remarkable man.
Brando revolutionized American acting, but came to consider the profession a fraud; he astonished audiences with great performances, but also took paychecks to appear in trash; he wanted to save the world as an activist, but couldn't even save his badly damaged family.
Brando's life and work have been irresistible to biographers, some of whom have actually tried to be evenhanded. Stefan Kanfer, a former Time writer, editor and film critic, offers such a biography - it's respectful of Brando's better work, and it's honest about the actor's flaws and bad behavior without exploiting them.
Rather than trying to plumb the depths of Brando's being, Kanfer takes a sensible, Freudian-oriented approach. Brando's woes, Kanfer says, stemmed from being the son of an alcoholic mother and an impossible-to-please father. The writer gets much more precise, quoting from two psychologists who cite ailments directly from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders: "oppositional defiant disorder" and "narcissistic personality disorder."
It's possible to date precisely the beginning of Brando's enormous impact: the opening night in 1947 of Tennessee Williams' "A Streetcar Named Desire" at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre. Beginning with this performance, as the brutish Stanley Kowalski, and continuing in films of varying quality ("Streetcar," "On the Waterfront," "The Wild One"), he changed the acting business forever, creating numerous acolytes, from James Dean to Johnny Depp.
From the beginning, Brando was a ladies' man, with a penchant for women of other races. He was also ambivalent about acting, a legacy of his father's negative attitude about the profession. He married several times and fathered a number of children, in and out of wedlock. Together, taxes, alimony and child support eventually put him under enormous financial stress, and he would begin to take acting jobs strictly for money, bad-mouthing the movies and denigrating his own work.
By 1956, when he starred in "Teahouse of the August Moon," Brando was the No. 1 box office attraction, but the period of 1956 to '59, according to Kanfer, was when the cracks really began to show. Brando had never before been "vulgar or over the top," but he began appearing in a series of "hammy, tasteless movies." Working for his own production company, he starred in "One-Eyed Jacks," an oedipal Western, and directed it himself after firing Stanley Kubrick. At this time Brando also became the first actor to be paid $1 million, to star in another Tennessee Williams effort, which was released as "The Fugitive Kind." Neither picture set the world on fire. Things were changing for the golden boy: In "Bells Are Ringing," Frank Gorshin offered a nasty impression of Brando.
A watershed moment for the actor was when he agreed to talk with Truman Capote for a 1957 New Yorker profile. Capote plied the actor with vodka, Kanfer writes, and worked his interview magic to produce a hatchet job. Kanfer suggests that the negative publicity influenced Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences voters to deny him the best actor Oscar for "Sayonara," which he badly wanted. The was the beginning of Brando's disdain for prizes, which in 1973 would result in his famously sending American Indian Sacheen Littlefeather as his representative to decline the Oscar for "The Godfather."
