 
Biography of Marlon Brando
Marlon Brando, Jr. (April 3, 1924 – July 1, 2004) was a two-time Academy Award-winning iconic actor whose body of work spanned over half a century. Brando is best known for his roles in A Streetcar Named Desire and On the Waterfront, both directed by Elia Kazan in the early 1950s, and his Academy-Award winning performance as Vito Corleone in The Godfather and as Colonel Walter E. Kurtz in Apocalypse Now, the latter two directed by Francis Ford Coppola in the 1970s. His acting style, combined with his public persona as an outsider uninterested in the Hollywood of the early 1950s, had a profound effect on a generation of actors including Jack Nicholson, Robert De Niro, Paul Newman, Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, James Dean, Dustin Hoffman, Russell Crowe, Sean Penn, Adrien Brody, Edward Norton, Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp. Brando was also an activist, lending his presence to many issues, including the American Indian Movement. He was named the fourth Greatest Male Star of All Time by the American Film Institute.
Brando used his Stanislavski System skills for his first summer-stock roles in Sayville, New York on Long Island. His behavior got him kicked out of the cast of the New School's production in Sayville, but he was discovered in a locally produced play there and then made it to Broadway in the bittersweet drama I Remember Mama in 1944. Critics voted him "Broadway's Most Promising Actor" for his role as an anguished veteran in Truckline Café, although the play was a commercial failure. He achieved real stardom, however, as Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams' play A Streetcar Named Desire in 1947, directed by Elia Kazan. Brando sought out that role, driving out to Provincetown, Massachusetts, where Williams was spending the summer, to audition for the part. Williams recalled that he opened the screen door and knew, instantly, that he had his Stanley Kowalski. Brando's performance revolutionized acting technique and set the model for the American form of method acting. This type or role was never seen before and all similar roles mirror Brando's.
Afterward, Brando was asked to do a screen test for Warner Bros. studio.[2] The screen test appears as an extra in the 2006 DVD release of A Streetcar Named Desire.
Brando's first screen role was as the bitter paraplegic veteran in The Men in 1950. True to his method, Brando spent a month in bed at a veterans' hospital to prepare for the role.
He made a much stronger impression the following year when he brought his performance as Stanley Kowalski to the screen in Kazan's adaptation of Streetcar in 1951. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for that role, and again in each of the next three years for his roles in Viva Zapata! in 1952, Julius Caesar in 1953 as Marc Antony, and On the Waterfront in 1954. These first five films of Brando's career featured performances of monumental proportions and essentially set a new standard not just for all other actors but also for Brando himself.
In 1953, he also starred in Lee Falk's play Arms and the Man. Falk was proud to tell people that Marlon Brando turned down an offer of $10,000 per week to act on Broadway, in favor of working on Falk's play in Boston. His Boston contract was less than $500 per week. It would be the last time he ever acted in a stage play.
Brando became a hero for the younger generation by playing motorcycle rebel Johnny Strabler in the movie The Wild One. He created the rebel image for the rock-and-roll era. Many rock-and-rollers like Elvis Presley imitated Brando's look and character. Elvis took it to another level by bringing the rebel image to the rock-and-roll fans. Elvis also copied Brando's role as Johnny while playing Vince in his 1957 movie Jailhouse Rock. Brando's explosive screen presence exuded a raw sexuality that drew repeat ticket purchases among female theater goers of all ages. Theater managers related accounts of sold out weekday matiness where small children ran up and down the aisle making motorcycle noises while their mothers sat transfixed.
Marlon Brando was known to be a hero for James Dean, who was said to have idolized him and copied his acting and persona.
However, this has been proved to be untrue by people who knew the two actors.
William Bast, a famous screen writer at that time, compared Marlon's acting style to be "heavy as lead" while James was more "mercurial and light".
Director Nick Ray even took the gang image from the movie The Wild One and brought it to his movie, "Rebel Without A Cause", and thus emphasized Brando's effect on the youth.
All the rebel culture that included motorcycle, leather jackets, jeans and the whole rebel image, that inspired generations of rebels, came thanks to the movie The Wild One and Brando's own unique image and character. The sales of motorcycle related paraphernalia, leather jackets, jeans, boots and Tee shirts skyrocketed throughout the country. The film had a similar effect on overseas audiences and local authorities and religious figures lamented the effect it was having on the youth of their respective countries.
Brando as Terry Malloy in On the WaterfrontUnder Kazan's direction, and with a talented ensemble around him, Brando finally won the Oscar for his role of Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront. Brando claimed that he had improvised much of his dialogue with Rod Steiger in the famous, much-quoted scene with him in the back of a taxicab ("I could have been a contender"). Kazan disputed this.
Brando followed that triumph by a variety of roles in the 1950s that defied expectations: as Sky Masterson in Guys and Dolls, where he managed to carry off a singing role; as Sakini, a Japanese interpreter for the U.S. Army in postwar Japan in The Teahouse of the August Moon; as an Air Force officer in Sayonara; and a Nazi officer in The Young Lions. While he won an Oscar nomination for his acting in Sayonara, his acting had lost much of its energy and direction by the end of the 1950s.
In the 1960s Brando starred in films such as Mutiny on the Bounty (1962); One-Eyed Jacks (1961), a western that would be the only film Brando would ever direct; Reflections in a Golden Eye (1967), portraying a repressed gay army officer; and Burn! (1969), which Brando would later claim as his personal favorite, although it was a commercial failure. Nonetheless, his career had gone into almost complete eclipse by the end of the decade thanks to his reputation as a difficult star and his record in overbudget or marginal movies.
His performance as Vito Corleone in The Godfather in 1972 was a mid- career turning point. Director Francis Ford Coppola convinced Brando to submit to a "make-up" test, in which Brando did his own makeup (he used cotton balls to simulate the puffed-cheek look). Coppola was electrified by Brando's characterization as the head of a crime family, but had to fight the studio in order to cast the temperamental Brando whose reputation for difficult behavior and demands was stuff of backlot legend. Incredibly, the studio suits wanted to give the role to Danny Thomas in the hope that Thomas would have his own production company throw in its lot with Paramount. Thomas had the good sense to decline the role and actually urged the studio to cast Brando at the behest of Coppola and others who had witnessed the screen test. Brando was nothing less than sensational in the role with the "sit down" scene between rival mobsters generally described as one of the greatest moments in film history. Brando won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance; once again, he improvised important details that lent more humanity to what could otherwise have been a clichéd role. Brando turned down the Academy Award, the second actor to refuse a Best Actor Oscar (the first being George C. Scott for Patton). Brando boycotted the award ceremony, sending little-known actress Sacheen Littlefeather to state his reasons, which were based on his objections to the depiction of Native Americans by Hollywood and television.
The actor followed with one of his greatest performances in Bernardo Bertolucci's Last Tango in Paris, but the performance was overshadowed by an uproar over the erotic nature of the film. Despite the controversies which attended both the film and the man, the Academy once again nominated Brando for the Best Actor.
His career afterwards was uneven. He was paid one million dollars a week to play Colonel Kurtz in Apocalypse Now. He was supposed to show up slim, fit, and to have read the book Heart of Darkness. He showed up weighing around 220 pounds and hadn't read Heart of Darkness. This is why his character was shot mostly in the shadows and most of his dialogue was improvised. After his week was over Director Francis Ford Coppola asked him to stay an extra hour to so he could shoot a close up of him saying, "The horror, the horror." Brando agreed for an extra $75,000. After this film his weight began to limit the roles he could play.
Brando also played Jor-El, Superman's father, in the first Superman movie — a role he agreed to only on assurance that he was paid an enormous sum for what amounted to a small part, that he did not have to read the script beforehand and his lines would be displayed somewhere off-camera.
Brando also filmed scenes for the movie's sequel, Superman II, but the producers refused to pay him the enormous percentage he was paid for the first movie, so he denied them permission to use the footage. However, after Brando's death the footage was re-incorporated into the 2006 re-cut of the film, Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut.
Two years after his death, he "reprised" the role of Jor-El in the 2006 "loose sequel" Superman Returns, in which both used and unused archive footage of Brando as Jor-El from the first two Superman films was remastered for a scene in the Fortress of Solitude, as well as Brando's voice-overs being used throughout the film.
Other later performances, such as The Island of Dr Moreau, earned him some of the most uncomplimentary reviews of his career. Despite announcing his retirement from acting in 1980, he subsequently gave interesting supporting performances in movies such as A Dry White Season (for which he was again nominated for an Oscar in 1989), The Freshman in 1990 and Don Juan DeMarco in 1995. He also met and befriended his co-star in that movie, Johnny Depp during filming of it. In 1992 Tim Burton offered Marlon Brando the role of the Penguin in Batman Returns. Brando accepted but Warner Bros. didn't approve. In his last film, The Score (2001), he starred with fellow method actor Robert De Niro.
Brando conceived the idea of a novel called Fan-Tan with director Donald Cammell in 1979, which was not released until 2005. Interestingly, Cammell dated and eventually married the daughter of one of Brando's girlfriends, Anita Loo aka Anita Kong; the daughter being China Kong.
Display the full biography...
Numerology: Birth Path of Marlon Brando
This paragraph begins with a few excerpts of the astrological portrait which analyses several features of the personality of Marlon Brando, from a numerological view, dealing only with the life path.
Testimonies to numerology are found in the most ancient civilizations and show that numerology pre-dates astrology. This discipline considers the name, the surname, and the date of birth, and ascribes a meaning to alphabetic letters according to the numbers which symbolise them.
The path of life, based on the date of birth, provides indications on the kind of destiny which one is meant to experience. It is one of the elements that must reckoned with, along with the expression number, the active number, the intimacy number, the achievement number, the hereditary number, the dominant numbers or the lacking numbers, or also the area of expression, etc.
Your Birth Path:
Your Life Path is influenced by the number 5, Marlon, which indicates changing and off the beaten track destinies. Your activities are varied and placed under the sign of adaptability, and multiplication of resources. More than anyone else, you need to enhance your learning capacities and the broad-mindedness. You must cope as well as you can with changes and transformation occurring in your life. Indeed, Life Path 5 brings about destinies which are prone to twists and turns, as well as to upheavals. Therefore, your life's main orientation may vary considerably at certain stages, and if your destiny is that of adventurers whose course is fraught with obstacles, it may also turn you into an exceedingly unstable person through lack of nuance. You accumulate experiences and enrich your know-how with each crucial period. Your adaptation skills enable you to go through all the successive stages of your life without ever being destabilised by new situations.
Marlon Brando was born under the sign of the Rat, element Wood
Chinese astrology is brought to us as a legacy of age-old wisdom and invites us to develop an awareness of our inner potential. It is believed that the wise man is not subjected to stellar influences. However, we must gain the lucidity and the distance without which we remain locked up in an implacable destiny. According to the legend of the Circle of Animals, Buddha summoned all the animals to bid them farewell before he left our world. Only twelve species answered Buddha's call. They form the Chinese Zodiac and symbolize the twelve paths of wisdom that are still valid nowadays.
The Asian wise man considers that a path is neither good nor bad. One can and must develop one's potentialities. The first step is to thoroughly know oneself.
Your personality is secretive and mysterious and you prefer to take action behind the scenes rather than to reveal your plans and ambitions. You are sensitive to the slightest interpersonal flaw and you display a great deal of caution in your affairs.
Besides, you do not like the crowd and the hustle and bustle. You prefer a more intimist atmosphere where your qualities can be fully expressed. Better than anyone, you know how to face adversity, subtly getting round obstacles and manipulating your entourage, if necessary. You are awesome in situations of crisis: thanks to your perspicacity, you avoid tricks with disconcerting ease and you also happen to be Machiavellian and scheming.
You never totally open up because you believe that it would give other people the means to act against you! On the other hand, you have mastered the art of making your interlocutors reveal what they wanted to conceal. Actually, you only need a word to guess the underlying stakes of any situation.
On the chapter of your flaws, a weak moral sense is to be mentioned: you do not hesitate to show perfidy. However, your advices prove very judicious most of the time. This is the reason why your influence is considered beneficial.
Chinese astrology has five elements, which are referred to as agents: Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal and Water.
You have a deep affinity with the agent Wood. In China, this element corresponds to the planet Jupiter, the green colour and the number 8.
You are sensitive to the harmony of your life setting and you come across as an accommodating person. Indeed, you deem useless to hurt your close friends without a sound reason. On the contrary, you strive to maintain a good balance around you.
The agent Wood implies some creative abilities: the liveliness of your imagination goes hand in hand with a sense of realities that prevents you from pursuing chimerical objectives. Your numerous projects can be successfully carried out, all the more so because, better than anyone, you are able to convince your interlocutors and forge the supports required by your plans and your ambitions.
The diplomacy you use when your interests are at stake can but favour the success of your endeavours. The only risk may be that you scatter your energy and reach saturation point because you try too hard to create, design, compose... Therefore, it is important that you limit the scope of some of your investigation fields.
Astrological portrait of Marlon Brando (excerpt)
Introduction
Here are some character traits from Marlon Brando's birth chart. This description is far from being comprehensive but it can shed light on his/her personality, which is still interesting for professional astrologers or astrology lovers.
In a matter of minutes, you can get at your email address your  astrological portrait (approximately 32 pages), a much more comprehensive report than this portrait of of Marlon Brando.
The dominant planets of Marlon Brando
When interpreting a natal chart, the best method is to start gradually from general features to specific ones. Thus, there is usually a plan to be followed, from the overall analysis of the chart and its structure, to the description of its different character traits.
In the first part, an overall analysis of the chart enables us to figure out the personality's main features and to emphasize several points that are confirmed or not in the detailed analysis: in any case, those general traits are taken into account. Human personality is an infinitely intricate entity and describing it is a complex task. Claiming to rapidly summarize it is illusory, although it does not mean that it is an impossible challenge. It is essential to read a natal chart several times in order to absorb all its different meanings and to grasp all this complexity. But the exercise is worthwhile.
In brief, a natal chart is composed of ten planets: two luminaries, the Sun and the Moon, three fast-moving or individual planets, Mercury, Venus and Mars, two slow-moving planets, Jupiter and Saturn, and three very slow-moving planets, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto. Additional secondary elements are: the Lunar Nodes, the Dark Moon or Lilith, Chiron and other asteroids such as Vesta, Pallas, Ceres or Juno. There are also special features such as the Arabic Parts, the Vertex, the Black Sun, hypothetical planets, etc. They are all posited on the Zodiac wheel consisting of twelve signs, from Aries to Pisces, and divided into twelve astrological houses.
The first step is to evaluate the importance of each planet. This is what we call identifying the dominant planets. This process obeys rules that depend on the astrologer's sensitivity and experience but it also has precise and steady bases: thus, we can take into account the parameters of a planet's activity (the number of active aspects a planet forms, the importance of each aspect according to its nature and its exactness), angularity parameters; (proximity to the four angles, Ascendant, Midheaven, Descendant and Imum Coeli or Nadir, all of them being evaluated numerically, according to the kind of angle and the planet-angle distance) and quality parameters (rulership, exaltation, exile and fall). Finally, other criteria such as the rulership of the Ascendant and the Midheaven etc. are important.
These different criteria allow a planet to be highlighted and lead to useful conclusions when interpreting the chart.
The overall chart analysis begins with the observation of three sorts of planetary distributions in the chart: Eastern or Western hemisphere, Northern or Southern hemisphere, and quadrants (North-eastern, North-western, South-eastern and South-western). These three distributions give a general tone in terms of introversion and extraversion, willpower, sociability, and behavioural predispositions.
Then, there are three additional distributions: elements (called triplicity since there are 3 groups of signs for each one) - Fire, Air, Earth and Water - corresponding to a character typology, modality (or quadruplicity with 4 groups of signs for each one) - Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable - and polarity (Yin and Yang).
There are three types of dominants: dominant planets, dominant signs and dominant houses. The novice thinks astrology means only "to be Aries" or sometimes, for example, "to be Aries Ascendant Virgo". It is actually far more complex. Although the Sun and the Ascendant alone may reveal a large part of the character - approximately a third or a half of your psychological signature, a person is neither "just the Sun" (called the sign) nor just "the first house" (the Ascendant). Thus, a particular planet's influence may be significantly increased; a particular sign or house may contain a group of planets that will bring nuances and sometimes weaken the role of the Ascendant, of the Sun sign etc.
Lastly, there are two other criteria: accentuations (angular, succedent and cadent) which are a classification of astrological houses and types of decanates that are occupied (each sign is divided into three decanates of 10° each). They provide additional information in this first general part.
These eleven (or six, if the birth time is unknown) general character traits must not be taken literally; they are, somehow, preparing for the chart reading. They allow to understand the second part of the analysis, which is more detailed and precise. It focuses on every area of the personality and provides a synthesis of all the above-mentioned parameters according to sound hierarchical rules.
Hemispheres and Quadrants for Marlon Brando
The axis linking the 1st house's cuspide (the Ascendant) to the 7th house's cuspide (the Descendant) divides the zodiac into two bowls, a superior bowl, in the South, and an inferior bowl in the North. Quoting an expression by the famous American astrologer Rudhyar, the Southern part and the Northern part correspond to two functions: "being" and "doing". Other concepts are also associated with this North and South distribution, such as introversion (Northern hemisphere) and extraversion (Southern hemisphere), being or appearances, inner life or external life, reflection or action, dreaming one's life or living one's dreams, the abstract or the concrete, backstage or limelight.
This is not about determination but about personal inclination: thus, some people will be thrown into public life despite a prominent Northern hemisphere. If this happens, however, it will not be due to their will, their taste or their deep nature. Conversely, a prominent Southern hemisphere will not bring about a famous destiny to its owner, even if he tends to turn the spotlight on himself, or if he looks for a more active life. It is a matter of deep nature and natural inclination. Of course, none of the typologies is "superior" to another.
N.B.: as far as these dominants are concerned, if the discrepancy between quadrants, or between quadrants and North/South or East/West hemispheres, is less than 30%, it is not essential that you read these texts in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations.
In your birth chart, Marlon Brando, the ten main planets are distributed as follows:
Marlon Brando, the predominance of planets in the Northern hemisphere prompts you to reflect and imagine rather than to exteriorize your actions and to be at the forefront of the stage. So, should you wish to remedy this situation, it is up to you to force your nature to take action in broad daylight, to communicate, and to assert yourself... then, you can move forward in this concrete life and enjoy your newly won situation.
The birth chart is divided into two other parts, Eastern and Western, by the axis linking the Midheaven to the Imum Coeli.
The Eastern part, on the Ascendant side, shows the person's ego, will, magnetism, and vitality, whereas the Western part, on the Descendant side, symbolizes other people, communication, relationships and their influence, as well as flexibility and adaptability.
The predominance of planets in the Western hemisphere of your chart means that you are quite flexible, capable of empathy, convivial and communicative. An excellent factor for many professional activities or for your social or sentimental life for example.
A definite asset... provided that you are not at the centre of the decisions you must take in your life: you may be tempted to listen to the last person who spoke, and your flexibility won't always get you out of the tight spot. You are therefore advised to learn to decide alone and to cope with the consequences of your actions with courage and without regrets. This attitude will allow you to combine flexibility and action, adaptability and absence of hesitation.
The Ascendant-Descendant and Midheaven-Imum Coeli axes divide the Zodiac wheel into four quadrants.
Marlon Brando, the nocturnal North-western quadrant, consisting of the 4th, 5th and 6th houses, prevails in your chart: this sector favours creativity, conception and some sort of specialization or training, with helpfulness and relations as strong components. You need others' cooperation in order to work properly, although you are not very expansive: creating, innovating and thinking are what matter most to you because this self-expression enriches you and totally satisfies you.
Elements, Modalities and Polarities for Marlon Brando
Marlon Brando, here is the graph of your Elements, Modalities and Polarities, House and Decanates' Accentuations, based on planets' position and angles in the twelve signs:
Marlon Brando, Fire is dominant in your natal chart and endows you with intuition, energy, courage, self-confidence, and enthusiasm! You are inclined to be passionate, you assert your willpower, you move forward, and come hell or high water, you achieve your dreams and your goals. The relative weakness of this element is the difficulty to step back or a kind of boldness that may prompt you to do foolish things.
Like the majority of Earth signs, Marlon Brando, you are efficient, concrete and not too emotional. What matters to you is what you see: you judge the tree by its fruits. Your ideas keep changing, words disappear, but actions and their consequences are visible and remain. Express your sensitivity, even if it means revealing your vulnerability. Emotions, energy and communication must not be neglected; concrete action is meaningless if it is not justified by your heart, your intellect or your enthusiasm.
Air is under-represented in your natal chart, with only 0.00% instead of the average 25%. Air symbolizes the values of communication, exchanges with others, but also adaptability and flexibility abilities: if you don't get out of your cocoon to talk, to show interest in others, and to socialize, you may have problems understanding others. Because of your lack of flexibility or of your refusal to adapt yourself, you may be suddenly overwhelmed by events. You should get into the habit of talking, of phoning, and of thinking in terms of "mobility, flexibility, adaptability, change" in every circumstance. It will spare you so many troubles!
The twelve zodiacal signs are split up into three groups or modes, called quadruplicities, a learned word meaning only that these three groups include four signs. The Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable modes are more or less represented in your natal chart, depending on planets' positions and importance, and on angles in the twelve signs.
Marlon Brando, the Cardinal mode is dominant here and indicates a predisposition to action, and more exactly, to impulsion and to undertake: you are very keen to implement the plans you have in mind, to get things going and to create them. This is the most important aspect that inspires enthusiasm and adrenalin in you, without which you can grow weary rapidly. You are individualistic (maybe too much?) and assertive. You let others strengthen and improve the constructions which you built with fervour.
The twelve signs are divided into two polarities, called active or passive, or sometimes masculine and feminine, positive and negative, Yang and Yin. This classification corresponds to two quite distinct tonalities, the first one bringing extraversion, action, self-confidence and dynamism, the second one, introversion, reactivity, reflection and caution. None is superior to the other, each group has its own assets and shortcomings. Odd signs - Aries, Gemini, Leo, Libra, Sagittarius and Aquarius - belong to the first group, whereas even signs - Taurus, Cancer, Virgo, Scorpio, Capricorn and Pisces - belong to the second group.
N.B.: this dominant is a minor one. It is not essential that you read its meaning in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations.
According to the disposition and qualities of your planets and angles, you are rather influenced by Yang energy, the active polarity, Marlon Brando: more concerned about actions than reflection, you sometimes rush without standing back and without the deepness that is needed. However, your spontaneity prompts you to take fresh starts, even after repeated failures caused by your rashness.
Houses are split up into three groups: angular, succedent and cadent.
The first ones are the most important ones, the most "noticeable" and energetic houses. They are the 1st, 4th, 7th and 10th houses. Their cuspides correspond to four famous angles: Ascendant for the 1st house, Imum Coeli for the 4th house, Descendant, opposite the Ascendant, for the 7th house and Midheaven for the 10th house, opposite the Imum Coeli.
Planets are evaluated according to a whole set of criteria that includes comprehensive Western astrology rules. At their turn, planets emphasize specific types of houses, signs, repartitions etc., as previously explained.
N.B.: this dominant is a minor one. It is not essential that you read its meaning in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations.
Your angular houses, namely, the 1st, 4th, 7th and 10th houses, are very emphasized in your chart, Marlon Brando: according to the Tradition, they are the strongest and most dynamic houses. Should the rest of your chart concur, angular houses suggest that you are an enterprising, energetic and assertive man. Indeed, angular houses are said to generate impulsions and to give a powerful and domineering personality.
Unusual fates are often linked to a predominance of angular houses, but this is only a partial indication...
Each sign contains 30 degrees and can be divided into three equal parts: the decanates. The Tradition indicates that specific meanings can be associated to each of the three decanates. Their sphere of activity is usually limited to the Sun sign, however, it is even more interesting to observe the distribution of all the planets in the chart to get an idea of the respective importance of the three decanates, which can complement the description of the personality.
These meanings must be considered with the greatest caution. Indeed, they are minor characteristics that can only underline other outstanding traits of character.
Traditionally, the first decanate highlights the characteristics of the sign where a planet is located. The two other decanates correspond to sub-dominant planets, depending on the nature of each sign. This system leads to a multiplication of meanings and it is impossible to have a clear understanding: here, we prefer to give only the meaning of one decanate in comparison with the other two, within the birth chart as a whole. Again, the greatest caution is needed with regard to this minor indication as it is not always reliable: it is not essential that you read these texts in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations
The second decanate, which means the part between 10° and 20° of any zodiacal sign, prevails in your natal chart, Marlon Brando: these 10 zodiacal degrees emphasize logical thought and mental values. Therefore, you may be drawn to some kind of scientific activities, research, writing or any sort of expression where you have to... think a lot.
Dominants: Planets, Signs and Houses for Marlon Brando
The issue of dominant planets has existed since the mists of time in astrology: how nice it would be if a person could be described with a few words and one or several planets that would represent their character, without having to analyse such elements as rulerships, angularities, houses, etc!
The ten planets - the Sun throughout Pluto - are a bit like ten characters in a role-play, each one has its own personality, its own way of acting, its own strengths and weaknesses. They actually represent a classification into ten distinct personalities, and astrologers have always tried to associate one or several dominant planets to a natal chart as well as dominant signs and houses.
Indeed, it is quite the same situation with signs and houses. If planets symbolize characters, signs represent hues - the mental, emotional and physical structures of an individual. The sign in which a planet is posited is like a character whose features are modified according to the place where he lives. In a chart, there are usually one, two or three highlighted signs that allow to rapidly describe its owner.
Regarding astrological houses, the principle is even simpler: the twelve houses correspond to twelve fields of life, and planets tenanting any given house increase that house's importance and highlight all relevant life departments: it may be marriage, work, friendship etc.
In your natal chart, Marlon Brando, the ten main planets are distributed as follows:
The three most important planets in your chart are Jupiter, Uranus and Venus.
Jupiter, the planet of expansion, organization, power and benevolence, is quite emphasized in your chart. Like any Jupiterian, you are warm, open, sociable, consensual, active and optimistic. You can use your self-confidence to erase differences of opinion, and you leave the task of analyzing and perfecting things to specialists. Your role, and you know it since you were young, is to gather, to demonstrate your synthesizing and conciliatory mind, and to naturally reap its fruits - power.
You appreciate legality, social order but also order in general. With you as a leader, every plan or human entity can be organized and structured. You excel at supervising. The Jupiterian type is indeed the politician par excellence, and a positive Jupiter in your chart is synonymous with good integration into society, whatever the chosen path.
Is this idyllic picture really perfect? Certainly not: each planet's typology has its own weaknesses. One of yours is pride, like the Solarian, but your will of expansion at all costs may generate a form of exaggeration in everything, endless pleasure, inappropriate self-confidence that could lead you to rough materialism and the thirst for absurd material comfort - in the worst cases, of course.
Uranus is among your dominant planets: just like Neptune and Pluto, Uranian typology is less clearly defined than the so-called classical seven planets that are visible to the naked eye, from the Sun to Saturn. However, it is possible to associate your Uranian nature with a few clear characteristics: Uranus rhymes with independence, freedom, originality, or even rebelliousness and marginality, when things go wrong...
Uranus is Mercury's higher octave and as such, he borrows some of its traits of character; namely, a tendency to intellectualize situations and emotions with affective detachment, or at least jagged affectivity.
Therefore, you are certainly a passionate man who is on the lookout for any kind of action or revolutionary idea, and you are keen on new things. Uranians are never predictable, and it is especially when they are believed to be stable and well settled that... they change everything - their life, partner, and job! In fact, you are allergic to any kind of routine, although avoiding it must give way to many risks.
With Venus among your dominant planets, one of your first reflexes is... to please! Your look, your charm, and your seduction are omnipresent elements in your behaviour.
Your approach to things is connected to your heart, and for you, no real communication can flow if your interlocutors exude no sympathy or warmth. Cold and logical reasoning, clear thoughts and good sense are not important to you: if there is no affective bond with your environment, no connection can be established with the Venusian that you are, and nothing happens.
You have a strong artistic side, and you never neglect subjective but clear concepts such as pleasure, beauty, and also sensuality. However, sometimes to the detriment of efficiency, durability, logic, and... detachment.
In your natal chart, the three most important signs - according to criteria mentioned above - are in decreasing order of strength Aries, Sagittarius and Taurus. In general, these signs are important because your Ascendant or your Sun is located there. But this is not always the case: there may be a cluster of planets, or a planet may be near an angle other than the Midheaven or Ascendant. It may also be because two or three planets are considered to be very active because they form numerous aspects from these signs.
Thus, you display some of the three signs' characteristics, a bit like a superposition of features on the rest of your chart, and it is all the more so if the sign is emphasized.
Arian blood runs through your veins! You have that enthusiasm, frankness, courage, and fastness which usually make you so likeable in spite of your somewhat rough, naive, or violent side. As a bonus, Aries' gushing fire always gives you the impetus to make a fresh start, should you stumble or undergo life hardship!
Sagittarius, an adventurous and conquering fire sign, is dominant in your chart: you are enthusiastic, enterprising, optimistic, very sociable, and mobile - you have itchy feet, both physically and mentally. Nobody gets bored with you because you are always planning things and suggesting excursions, at least... when you are around and not already gone on a trip! Obviously, so many movements for one man may scare people off, and some of them may even criticize your brutality or your tendency to loose your temper, but you are so warm and genuine, so expansive, isn't this a good thing? And all the more so, since your sense of humour is overwhelming...
With the Taurus sign so important in your chart, you are constructive, stable, and sensual. Good taste, sense of beauty, manners, and unfailing good sense - all these qualities contribute to your charm and seductive power. Furthermore, if some people criticize your slow pace and your stubbornness, you rightly reply that this is the price for your security, and that you like the way it is - slow and steady....
The 4th, 1st and 6th houses are the most prominent ones in your birth chart. From the analysis of the most tenanted houses, the astrologer identifies your most significant fields or spheres of activity. They deal with what you are experiencing - or what you will be brought to experience one day - or they deal with your inner motivations.
With an important 4th house in your chart, your private life, your intimacy, as well as your family and home, play a fundamental role. Your security and your family unit, the one you come from, but also the one you set up when you get married and start a family - or even as a bachelor living alone in your sweet home - are necessary for you to blossom. According to the Tradition, your father may play an important role in your life.
With a dominant 1st house, your magnetism is powerful, and your individuality as well as your willpower are out of the ordinary. You are a determined, strong-willed, and assertive person, with this relative criterion at least.
It is likely that you never go unnoticed when you are in a crowd or a in reunion: an important 1st house suggests that you are a charismatic person with above average vital energy, especially if the Sun is present in this sector.
Your personal interests are always important and you never forget them, which doesn't mean that you are self-centered, but only that you behave according to what is in harmony with your deep nature!
Your 6th house is quite emphasized and indicates interest in work and daily occupations that take up a lot of your time: in analogy with Virgo, this house inclines towards perfectionism and training; somehow, you may be fulfilled through the process of being useful and investing your energy in your work. An environment appealing to you may be involved - your colleagues, for example - or a passion for one of these daily occupations. Medical positions or pets may play a role in your life; or ancillary love affairs too... These are a few possibilities indicated by an important 6th house.
After this paragraph about dominant planets, of Marlon Brando, here are the character traits that you must read more carefully than the previous texts since they are very specific: the texts about dominant planets only give background information about the personality and remain quite general: they emphasize or, on the contrary, mitigate different particularities or facets of a personality. A human being is a complex whole and only bodies of texts can attempt to successfully figure out all the finer points.
Your sensitivity
Your temperament is impulsive, Marlon Brando, you are fond of instant thrills and you do not like to wait because you grow weary quickly. With you, things must keep moving fast! Your vivid imagination triggers enthusiasm, audacity and independence because you need to undertake and to achieve. You do not fear to be defeated and, far from slowing you down, rivalry and struggle have a stimulating effect. Because of your sensitivity all on edge, you are irascible and unpredictable: it is easy to unwillingly get you started and this makes your life a bit difficult with the family and with friends. You are perceived as an impatient person, short-tempered, whimsical, unstable and even, aggressive, and people think that you don't take your entourage's needs into account. However, you may also be warm, ready to help and to comfort whenever you are able to control your impulsiveness. You must not be worried about losing your identity when you listen more to your close friends...
Your family, your home and often your mother, Marlon Brando, have a strong emotional importance. You feel attached to your roots and the intimate surroundings in which you live are essential; you are deeply fulfilled by this continuous source of affective charges: your home and private life are sacred for you, and you can feel very uncomfortable or unsafe if you are deprived of your haven of peace.  Paradoxically, the Tradition indicates that you are predisposed to frequent home moves.
Your intellect and your social life
You enjoy discussing and exchanging ideas. You know how to put forward sharp and provoking comments in order to keep the debate moving ahead. You tend to use words to put yourself in the forefront and you may become a leader. Your exact and swift, dazzling understanding favours a direct approach to problems and helpful decisions. You are inventive, intuitive and you are in a hurry to bring your projects to a successful conclusion. You do not pay attention to details and you prefer to go to the essentials. However, your decision-making process may be too impulsive and may throw you into unconsidered actions; this is the reason why it may be good that you listen to other people's advice, that you do not walk headlong, and later, be forced to reverse back as a result, a situation you do not appreciate too much.
Your thoughts, Marlon Brando, are irresistibly attracted to hobbies and entertainments, or you may be particularly oriented towards creation if you are dealing with something amusing.  Your way of communicating is often pleasant, charming, you are the type who blends humour and charm in your speeches and who can spend many hours telling about your hobbies and detailing them with fire. This state of mind is favourable for love affairs or children's education. Your playful spirit often amazes children.
Your affectivity and your seductiveness
Array
There is so much voluptuousness and so much charm in your personality, Marlon Brando! You are what is called a “nature” and when confidence is established, slowly but steadily, you become deeply attached to your partner and you can be filled with passion. It may take months, even years, but you are so generous and affectionate that, in most cases, your relationship has many chances to blossom, with time. You are very physical and sensual and you are very keen to delight in your intimate moments. This aspect of your amorous relationship usually contributes to its sustainability. Everything seems idyllic, Marlon Brando. It would be so if your jealousy and your possessiveness did not get started simultaneously with your powerful feelings. But you have so many assets, so be content!
Marlon Brando, the position of your Venus is quite particular in the sense that the nature of the planet does not blend easily with the house symbolism. Indeed, Venus deals with feelings and the absence of limitations and control, whereas the 6th house deals with constraints, daily life and work, lifestyle, subjection and service rendered to others: as a consequence, feelings are associated with a framework or with obligations, but this is not necessarily disturbing. More often than not, you meet your spouse or your romantic partner in a setting related to work, an association, or a specific occupation (leisure or rather common work project, etc.). It seems that, for you, such contexts can more easily lift the inhibition or the natural restriction produced by this house-planet combination. Besides, it is commonly believed that amorous adventures with servants (i.e. with subordinate or “socially inferior” persons), or with colleagues, are very much favoured by this configuration. In addition, if no adverse aspect affects Venus in the 6th house, your daily life is entertaining, you appreciate your work, you easily combine business with pleasure, experiencing nice encounters and discovering constantly renewed and enthralling centres of interest. Most of the time, you can count on the favour, the dedication and the esteem of your colleagues, particularly women. Therefore, it is in your interest to work. You are one of those rare persons who approach work as a daily pleasure and never as a constraint because you probably know how to aim at what you like. Just beware not to fall in love too often in this context !
Your behaviour
Psychologically speaking, your nature is extroverted and independent, oriented towards expansion and sociability. You have the soul of a leader, energetic and active. Your charisma and your drive are fully integrated into the collective life. Indeed, as an action-oriented fire sign, you challenge yourself and you succeed in accomplishing the task straight away. Sagittarius is hard to follow because his spirit and his independent mind constantly prompt him to go further and higher.
As you are born under this sign, you are charismatic, fiery, energetic, likeable, benevolent, tidy, jovial, optimistic, extroverted, amusing, straightforward, demonstrative, charming, independent, adventurous, straightforward, bold, exuberant, freedom-loving. But you may also be irascible, selfish, authoritarian, inconsistent, unfaithful, brutal, unreliable, reckless, tactless or unpleasant.
In love, Sir, you are the mobile fire that consumes everything in your way. You are constantly in love, you are passionate and your energy and your extroversion create a love life that could fit a serialized novel: mobile and changing, you are not the man of a single woman, at least until you find the person who resists you and who arouses a love powerful enough to tame you.
Your need for freedom and independence is so strong that it is difficult for you to settle down. Many break-ups are caused by a feeling of smothering, when your love of the moment becomes too demanding. However, since you are also unstable, you often patch up as if nothing had happened and you will be forgiven: this paradox comes from your explosive mixture comprising ardour, energy, benevolence and fickleness.
Similarly to the way in which you run your business, you will settle down when you reach your forties or your fifties. You become a good husband and a good father, well acquainted with the rules of your society, full of contentment and joy. Your home will provide the room you need so that you do not feel imprisoned.
Your will and your inner motivations
Your natural energy is cut-and-dried. It may prompt you to take the driver’s seat wherever you are. Were it not for the strange feeling of sympathy you arouse, you would seem to be arrogant. Charging ahead is not devoid of drawbacks. Your courage and your restlessness may hurt you and cause you to doubt, all of a sudden. As a consequence, your courage, your honesty, your enthusiasm and your straightforwardness may turn into aggressiveness, rebellion and vulnerability that were never suspected. Fortunately, the level of your dynamism is very high and your instinctive and pugnacious side, your particularly profuse energy will not leave you helpless for too long. The fire in your blood will put you back on the saddle towards new stampedes and conquests, as ambitious and glorious as they are perilous.
Because you are born under this sign, you are courageous, honest, enthusiastic, dynamic, swift, extroverted, straightforward, effusive, warm, impulsive, adventurous, bold, martial, competitive, but you may also be gullible, domineering, self-centered, impatient, foolish, thoughtless, childish, irascible, reckless, primary and a blunderer.
In love, Sir, more often than not, your passions are strong and varied. Far from being roadblocks, obstacles have a stimulating effect. You like quick victories and your love life is a series of conquests and of break-ups, as boredom often puts an end to the initial love that made you move mountains.
Your sexuality is powerful and prevails over feelings. You may marry early or on impulse, but it does not prevent you from having a rich and varied love life. Usually, you have few children.
Unless salient factors indicate otherwise, Marlon Brando, your nature is not very extroverted and your tendency is to keep to yourself emotions that may run very deep. Your will prompts you to create some sort of security, or cocoon, around you.
You are deeply attached to your family and to your initial home. You need this cosy and warm atmosphere, your parents' love and your family security, and later you reproduce them in your adult's home. Such strong bonds with your family and your home benefit your self-assertion as they combine professional efforts with presence at home. Working at home is particularly suitable, as are, indirectly, professions related to genealogy or even more, to real estate, because you are comfortable with the security aspects of the places you visit.  Your father often plays a major role, possibly an excessive one, with the danger that he may smother your desire for freedom and autonomy and contribute to aggravate your already strong natural introversion.  You are what is called belated and it is mainly during the second part of your life that you can concretely and efficiently exercise your will. Your assets lie in your determination to build a stable and comfortable home. However, family conflicts may exist and you may quarrel with your father over authority matters or over your projects; later, you may even undergo this sort of troubles in your own home if you are not flexible enough.
Your ability to take action
Marlon Brando, you are so resistant and so solid that you are able to cope with any challenge, any ordeal. You behave with persistence, rigour and discipline. You are so obstinate and patient that no effort is impossible to you, as if sensitivity and emotions were unable to divert you from your goals. With calm and lucidity, even coldness, you face up to things and you plan on a long-term basis. Nothing and no one can prevent you from fulfilling your responsibilities. You are a rock, a hard worker, and your iron will equals your resistance to blows. Your practical sense is at the service of your ambition which is real and energetic, even though it may not be obvious. Sexually, you are active and vigorous. If you show more warmth, you may become an excellent lover; indeed, being demonstrative is not your major concern.
Marlon Brando, your capacity for action perfectly matches your personal enrichment and enhances your earning abilities! It is easy for you to engage into fights aiming at ensuring your material security, as it is the best outlet for your energy: it must serve a purpose, otherwise why bother? Consciously or not, your ardour is going full steam ahead for the success of your business and the protection of your interests.  This energy may also be understood in a figurative sense, and in that case, it involves your affective, family or professional security and has no direct link to money. You may be possessive, and you defeat those who intend to come too near to what belongs to you.  In any case, you are well-equipped and you usually get what you want. This is a valuable asset throughout your life because, indirectly, it turns you into a more independent person who does not need any protection.
Conclusion
This text is only an excerpt from of Marlon Brando's portrait. We hope that it will arouse your curiosity, and that it will prompt you to deepen your knowledge of astrology, as well as to visit and use the wide range of free applications at www.astrotheme.com .
Astrological studies describe many of the character traits and they sometimes go deeper into the understanding of a personality. Please, always keep in mind that human beings are continuously evolving and that many parts of our psychological structures are likely to be expressed later, after having undergone significant life's experiences. It is advised to read a portrait with hindsight in order to appreciate its astrological content. Under this condition, you will be able to take full advantage of this type of study.
The analysis of an astrological portrait consists in understanding four types of elements which interact with one another: ten planets, twelve zodiacal signs, twelve houses, and what are called aspects between planets (the 11 aspects most commonly used are: conjunction, opposition, square, trine, sextile, quincunx, semi-sextile, sesqui-quadrate, quintile and bi-quintile. The first 5 aspects enumerated are called major aspects).
Planets represent typologies of our human psychology: sensitivity, affectivity, ability to undertake, will-power, mental process, aptitude, and taste for communication etc., all independent character facets are divided here for practical reasons. The twelve signs forming the space where planets move will "colour", so to speak, these typologies with each planet being located in its particular sign. They will then enrich the quality of these typologies, as expressed by the planets. The Zodiac is also divided into twelve astrological houses. This makes sense only if the birth time is known because within a few minutes, the twelve houses (including the 1st one, the Ascendant) change significantly. They correspond to twelve specific spheres of life: external behaviour, material, social and family life, relationship, home, love life, daily work, partnership, etc. Each planet located in any given house will then act according to the meaning of its house, and a second colouration again enriches those active forces that the planets symbolize. Finally, relations will settle among planets, creating a third structure, which completes the planets' basic meanings. A set of ancient rules, which has stood the test of experience over hundreds of years (although astrology is in evolution, only reliable elements are integrated into classical studies), are applied to organize the whole chart into a hierarchy and to allow your personality to be interpreted by texts. The planets usually analysed are the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, which means two luminaries (the Sun and the Moon) and 8 planets, a total of 10 planets. Additional secondary elements may be taken into account, such as asteroids Chiron, Vesta, Pallas, Ceres (especially Chiron, more well-known), the Lunar nodes, the Dark Moon or Lilith, and even other bodies: astrology is a discipline on the move. Astrological studies, including astrological portrait, compatibility of couples, predictive work, and horoscopes evolve and become more accurate or deeper, as time goes by.
Precision: According to the Tradition, a planet near the beginning (called cuspide) of the next house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant and the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all other houses) belongs to this house: our texts take this rule into account in this interactive natal chart and in every astrological programme.
Warning: In order to avoid any confusion and any possible controversy, we want to draw your attention upon the fact that this sample of celebrities is very complete and therefore, it also includes undesirable people, since every category is represented: beside artists, musicians, politicians, lawyers, professional soldiers, poets, writers, singers, explorers, scientists, academics, religious figures, saints, philosophers, sages, astrologers, mediums, sportsmen, chess champions, famous victims, historical characters, members of royal families, models, painters, sculptors, and comics authors or other actual celebrities, there are also famous murderers, tyrants and dictators, serial-killers, or other characters whose image is very negative, often rightly so.
Regarding the latter, it must be remembered that even a monster or at least a person who perpetrated odious crimes, has some human qualities, often noticed by his/her close entourage: these excerpts come from computer programmes devoid of polemical intentions and may seem too soft or lenient. The positive side of each personality is deliberately stressed. Negative sides have been erased here - it is not the same in our comprehensive reports on sale - because it could hurt the families of such people. We are hoping that it will not rebound on the victims' side.
Disclaimer: this page is one among hundreds of thousands of pages available online on Astrotheme astrological website. These short excerpts of astrological charts, like the one below, are computer processed in French and in English. They are, by no means, of a personal nature . This principle is valid for the 42,271 famous people currently included in our database. These texts provide the meanings of planets, or combination of planets, in signs and in houses, as well as the interpretations of planetary dominants in line with modern Western astrology rules. When the birth time is unknown, (12:00 PM (unknown)), these portrait excerpts do not take into account the parameters derived from the time, which means, the domification (Ascendant, astrological houses, etc.). Nonetheless, these analyses remain accurate in any case. Therefore, no negative aspect, which may damage the good reputation of a celebrity, is posted, for Astrotheme is not a polemic website. Regarding the sources of the birth data in our possession, kindly note that the pages we publish constitute a starting point for more detailed research, even though they seem useful to us. When the sources are contradictory, which occurs rarely, after having analysed them, we choose the most reliable one. Sometimes, we publish a birth date just because it is made available, but we do not claim that is it the best one, by no means.
