Newest
Most Popular
How the hell are actors of the calibre of Marlon Brando 'n Al Pacino down here? Someone, seriously, has got to do something, 'n probly "shift" some people here 'n there
I find it really disappointing that Marlon Brando has been placed behind less talented actors. Yes Johnny Depp is very good but no matter what he does he can never compare with the magnificence of Brando
He is simply awesome.. No words will do favour in his praise... I think every guy will agree with me... He rocks...
Man, you can't just make an all time greatest list by inviting votes of today's public. This population also includes retards and bunch of jokers who go all ga ga over actors like Johnny Depp and Leonardo. I mean they are good but not anywhere near actors like Brando, Pacino, DeNiro and Hopkins. And where is Morgan Freeman? Good lord! I guess this list should be renamed to 'favorite actors of present generation' instead of 'top ten greatest actors'. I am an Indian still I can't understand why so many Hindi and Tamil actors are here in this list. I bet most of the people who voted here don't know heck about acting.
I am sorry to say but this is just not fair.
Regards
Dev
Actors can be considered lucky if they get to mae one classic performance in their lifetime. By my count, Brando has at least four, likely more than that. From the tragic Terry Malloy to the almost omni-present Don Vito Corleone, Brando has been able to command the screen's attention in his career like no other actor, and for that, he deserves immeasurable recognition.
montreal45
Brando is, was, and always be the most powerful actor in history. just ask the people in business. when he was on screen, he was the only one that absorbed your attention and focus. Truly an actor all that followed would be measured against. Such a tragic life, but thanks for the memories Marlon.
Brando was the #1 actor of the 19th Century and is still at the top of most people's list. The #1 movie of all time? "The Godfather" - the #1 character of all time? "Vito Corleone" as portrayed by Brando in 1972. Brando defined the essence of acting GodfatherFOUR. com
Simply put, he changed acting. The best way anybody can rank greatness is to ask how much did they change their respective profession. Babe Ruth chAanged baseball. Jim Brown did the same for football. Marlon Brando has been credited for changing acting.
It would have been ridiculus if he was second... and he's third... he is a legend... his acting at the Godfather just says it all... he was living in his every role... it was like watching someone caught on tape in his real life..
Marlon Brando, a film star whose blend of sensitivity and savagery brought him acclaim as the greatest actor of his generation and whose tumultuous personal life made him a fascinating spectacle in popular culture.
What? The people who for the ones on top obviously don't watch enough movies, Marlon Brando is by far THE best actor, watch "Streetcar Named Desire" and you may understand what I am talking about!
HE IS THE REAL gODFATHER! I'M PRETTY SHOCKED TO SEE VIJAY ON TOP.. MAN STOP THIS NONSENSE.. WTF IS THIS? HAVE U SEEN VIJAY MOVIES NAME THE MOVIE HE ACTED SO WELL THAN BRANDO NAME ANY ONE PLEASE?
Humphrey Bogart: I came out here with one suit and everybody said I looked like a bum. Twenty years later Marlon Brando came out with only a sweatshirt and the town drooled over him.
Marlon Brando is not number one? Maybe the poll questions should read the best actor of all time. THEN you will get Pacino, DeNiro and Brando.. Not necessarily in that order.
His twenty minutes in The Godfather is the greatest acting class you'll ever see,especially the undertaker scene.This kind of perfection wont be matched in a long long time.
mccoy
just watch his performance in the godfather. No one has ever acted that good and no one ever will. that is simple the best performance of all times and will always be.
Best actor ever! Johnny Depp has nothing on Brando. Marlon Brando in his movies are some of the most amazaing performences in the history of cinema.
hey guys you have to watch d movie GODFATHER...
IMDB RANKING:2... MARLON BRANDO SHOULD BE D FIRST
Don Vito Corleone... just enough to say this
He should be much Higher, he developed his own style of acting, that almost every body on the list had copied, Brando Is the gor of acting
I saw the title to this link and literally the only word that came to mind was MARLON BRANDO! Dear mother of God, why only 4%?!
Marlon Brando should be much higher on this list maybe even number 1, besides he can out act Johnny Depp any day.
Marlon Brando and Indian film actor Mohanlal are the greatest and the best actors in the World of all times.
Hands down the greatest actor the world has ever seen.He would still be making great films today.
batman360
Watch On the Waterfront and The Godfather to see the actor with the greatest range and talent!
No actor would argue with this choice.Where you place the also-rans is very subjective.
carter
