A tough biker gang invades a small California town and terrorizes the residents until the leader falls for the local cop's beautiful daughter.
Genre: Feature Film-Action/Adventure
Release Date: 13-SEP-2005
Media Type: DVD
Features: A gang of 40 motorcyclists, the Black Rebels, gatecrash a legitimate motorcycle race. They are eventually thrown out, but one of the gang steals the first prize trophy and gives it to their leader, Johnny. The gang then rides into Wrightsville, where they cruise up and down the main street, and pile into Bleekers - the local bar. The owner of the bar, the Sheriff, is happy to let the bikers spend
Product Name: The Wild One . DVD. DVD. Manufacturer: Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. ASIN: 0767818172. Price: $14.99
On the Waterfront (Special Edition)
Marlon Brando gives one of the screen's most electrifying performances as Best Actor in this 1954 Academy Award® winner for Best Film. Ex-fighter Terry Malloy (Brando) could have been a contender but now toils for boss Johnny Friendly (Lee J. Cobb) on the gang-ridden waterfront. Terry is guilt-stricken however when he lures a rebellious worker to his death. But it takes the love of Edie Doyle (Eva Marie Saint) the dead man's sister to show Terry how low he has fallen. When his crooked brother Charley the Gent (Rod Steiger) is brutally murdered for refusing to kill him Terry battles to crush Friendly's underworld empire. Directed by Elia Kazan (A Streetcar Named Desire) and written by Budd Schulberg (What Makes Sammy Run?) this unforgettable drama about Terry's redemption is among the most acclaimed of all films.System Requirements: Running Time 107 Min Genre: DRAMA Rating: NR UPC: 043396784093 Manufacturer No: 78409
Product Name: On the Waterfront (Special Edition) . DVD. DVD. Manufacturer: Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. ASIN: B00003CXBU. Price: $19.99
TCM Greatest Classic Legends Film Collection: Marlon Brando (A Streetcar Named Desire / Julius Caesar / The Teahouse of the August Moon / Reflections in a Golden Eye)
A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE: THE ORIGINAL DIRECTOR’S VERSION (1951) Winner of 4 Academy Awards* “Perhaps the most thrilling display of ensemble acting in all of American film” (Kenneth Turan, Los Angelers Times) stars Marlon Brando, Vivien Leigh, Kim Hunter and Karl Malden in the screen version of Tenneesee Williams’ powerful Pulitzer Prize drama directed by Elia Kazan. JULIUS CAESAR (1953) Brando plays imperial loyalist Marc Antony in Shakespeare’s towering tale of friendship and betrayal co-starring James Mason and John Gielgud. Joseph L. Mankiewicz directs this lavish Academy Award winner.* THE TEAHOUSE OF THE AUGUST MOON (1956) Brando shows his comedy chops! In a delightful change of pace, he’s an interpreter in post-World War II Okinawa who bucks U.S. military men Glenn Ford and Paul Ford in order to build a teahouse – complete with geishas. REFLECTIONS IN A GOLDEN EYE (1967) Illicit passions play out against the hidebound decorum of a Georgia army base in a startling version of Carson McCullers’ novel. John Huston directs Brando and Elizabeth Taylor.
Fan-Tan
Fan-Tan is a hugely entertaining, swashbuckling romp, from one of the greatest actors of our time: Marlon Brando. The story of an eccentric early-twentieth-century pirate who sets out on the high seas from the Philippines to Shanghai, Fan-Tan follows the exploits of  Anatole “Annie” Doultry, a larger-than-life character that Brando could have easily inhabited himself. When Annie saves the life of a Chinese prisoner in a Hong Kong prison, he’s led to the mysterious and seductive Madame Lai Choi San—one of the most notorious gangsters in Asia—and here the true adventures begin.Years in the making with Brando’s longtime collaborator, screenwriter and director Donald Cammell, Fan-Tan is a rollicking, delectable tale—and the last surprise from an ever-surprising legend.
Product Name: Fan-Tan . Book. Paperback. Manufacturer: Vintage. ASIN: 140009626X. Price: $13.95
TCM Greatest Classic Films Collection: Romantic Dramas (East of Eden / Cat on a Hot Tin Roof / A Streetcar Named Desire / Rebel Without a Cause)
REBEL WITHOUT A CAUSE In one of the most influential performances in movie history, James Dean plays the new kid in town whose loneliness, frustration and anger mirrored those of postwar teens and still reverberate today. Natalie Wood and Sal Mineo were Academy Award nominees for their achingly true performances.  EAST OF EDEN A wayward Salinas Valley youth (James Dean) vies for the affection of his hardened father (Raymond Massey) with his favored brother (Richard Davalos). Julie Harris and 1955 Best Supporting Actress Oscar winner Jo Van Fleet co-star in this adaptation of John Steinbeck's novel.  CAT ON A HOT TIN ROOF Tennessee Williams Pulitzer Prize play thunders across the screen in a powerful film adaptation starring Elizabeth Taylor as frustrated Southern belle wife Maggie the Cat and Paul Newman as her disillusioned ex-athlete husband.  A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE: THE ORIGINAL DIRECTORS VERSION Four Academy Awards including three for acting! Elia Kazan directs the landmark movie of Tennessee Williams Pulitzer Prize play about the clash between brutish Stanley Kowlaski (Marlon Brando) and his dreamy sister-in-law Blanche Dubois (Vivien Leigh).
Features: REBEL WITHOUT A CAUSE In one of the most influential performances in movie history, James Dean plays the new kid in town whose loneliness, frustration and anger mirrored those of postwar teens and still reverberate today. Natalie Wood and Sal Mineo were Academy Award nominees for their achingly true performances.EAST OF EDEN A wayward Salinas Valley youth (James Dean) vies for the affection of his
