A Eulogy For Our Marlon Brando
Published on Friday, July 2, 2004 by CommonDreams.org
A Eulogy For Our Marlon Brando
by Dave Zirin
 
Marlon Brando's death at the age of 80 will begin a battle over how  the "greatest actor of all time" will be remembered. Some will  focus on his latter day isolation, his bizarre behavior, and the many  personal tragedies that befell his family.
Others will focus exclusively on his iconic status, and when it  comes to Brando performances, icons abound. There was the  1950s motorcycle rebel from "The Wild One" (1954), or the brutal  Stanley Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951) or Terry "I  Coulda Been a Contender" Malloy in "On the Waterfront" (1954). or  his performance as Vito Corleone in "The Godfather."
Then there is Brando's influence on acting itself. In a Hollywood  built around "movie stars" Brando was at the vanguard of a new  generation of performers in the aftermath of World War II schooled  in Stanislavsky's "Method" acting style. Taught by Stella Adler and  Lee Strasberg at the Actor's Studio in New York, The Method was a  rejection of the Spencer Tracy approach to drama of "Just  memorize your lines and don't bump into the furniture." Emotional  honesty and "becoming" your character were the hallmarks of this  style It was an attempt to use art to break out of what was seen as  a stultifying and frustration gray haze of early 1950s America.  Robert DeNiro, Al Pacino, Laurence Fishburne, Sean Penn, and  countless others count Brando as their primary influence.
But the Brando I want to remember, especially now, is the actor  who pulled back in the 1960s to focus on supporting the Civil  Rights Movement and the broader struggles against war and  oppression. In 1959, he was a founding member of the Hollywood  chapter of SANE, an anti-nuclear arms group formed alongside  African-American performers Harry Belafonte and Ossie Davis.
In 1963, Brando marched arm in arm with James Baldwin at the  March on Washington. He, along with Paul Newman, went down  South with the freedom riders to desegregate inter-State bus lines.  In defiance of state law, Native Americans protested the denial of  treaty rights by fishing the Puyallup River on March 2, 1964.  Inspired by the civil rights movement sit-ins, Brando, Episcopal  clergyman John Yaryan from San Francisco, and Puyallup tribal  leader Bob Satiacum caught salmon in the Puyallup without state  permits. The action was called a fish-in and resulted in Brando's  arrest. When Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated in 1968,  Brando announced that he was bowing out of the lead role of a  major film and would now devote himself to the civil rights  movement. Brando said "If the vacuum formed by Dr. King's death  isn't filled with concern and understanding and a measure of love,  then I think we all are really going to be lost.." He gave money  and spoke out in defense of the Black Panthers and counted  Bobby Seale as a close friend and attended the memorial for slain  prison leader George Jackson. Southern theater chains boycotted  his films, and Hollywood created what became known as the  'Brando Black List' that shut him out of many big time roles.
After making a comeback in Godfather, Brando won his second  Oscar. Instead of accepting what he called "a door prize," he sent  up Native American activist Sacheen Littlefeather to refuse  befuddled presenter Roger Moore and issue a scathing speech  about the Federal Government's treatment of Native Americans.
Even in the past several years, he has lent his name and bank  account to those fighting the US war and occupation in Iraq.
So how do we remember Brando? He was a celebrity, an artist, an  activist, and at the end an isolated and destroyed old man.
It is tragic that we live in a world where most people's talents never  get to see the light of day. It is equally tragic that those like Brando  who actually get the opportunity to spread their creative wings, can  be consumed and yanked apart in process. Yet whether Brando  was on the top of Hollywood or alone and embittered, he never  forgot what side he was on.
Dave Zirin is the Editor of the Prince George's Post in Prince  George's County Maryland. He can be reached at editor@pgpost.com . His sports writing can be read at http://www.edgeofsports.com .
###
