Priscila Llaverias — Nov 20, 2008 — Category: 60's and 70's (Psychedelic) Rock — Tags: Short
Discovery
The nineteenth century is notorious for being an age of American innovation and discovery. This era fostered the Second Industrial Revolution and formed the foundation of our modern day technologically driven and experimentally curious society.  Among various other innovations, this period saw the invention of the light bulb, the typewriter, and the telephone1. Transportation was immensely expanded, and the definition of efficiency was revolutionized.2 By the mid-nineteenth century, James Watson and Francis Crick had discovered the double helix structure of a DNA molecule.3
Not too long before this unearthing of information, Americans first discovered new miracle drugs like morphine, heroin, and cocaine.4 From then on, these drugs began their own version of an epidemic in American society. Drug abuse became one of the most popular pastimes of the late nineteenth century. Yet, by the time World War II found its place in history, people had become so paranoid with the outside world- which had opium and cocaine to spare- that they began to shun drug usage. However, the 1960s brought along a new era of drug-mania. Marijuana, methamphetamines, and psychedelics such as LSD were introduced into American culture after being passionately embraced by the idols of the new age: rock bands.
Among these great rock bands of distinction were the The Byrds, The Beatles, The Grateful Dead, and Jefferson Airplane - just to name a few.  These bands molded the mindset of millions of youngsters all across America who longed for any feasible version of elation. After all, the generation that endured life in the late twentieth century was truly plagued with an unbearable degree of skepticism and paranoia due to the dealings of the world that surrounded them. LSD and the like created a different world; one of escape and ecstasy in which life, as people knew it, could be forgotten. However, this need for escape rapidly turned into addiction. Addiction turned into chaos. Chaos is evident in the fact that in the current day there are more pot shops than Starbucks Coffee shops in San Francisco, California.
If you think coffee is addictive, you have obviously never had a San Francisco joint.
Medical Marijuana: Why not?
Most people have opted to call these pot shops “medical marijuana dispensaries.” According to the U.S. Office of National Drug Control Policy, there are currently 98 pot shops in San Francisco - even though the Department of Public Health claims that there are only 24 registered dispensaries in the famous city5. However, assuming that the U.S. Office of National Drug Control Policy is correct, it is ridiculous to believe that a city of approximately 800,0006 people will need 98 dispensaries for a drug used mainly for medical patients suffering from ailments such as Leukemia- with only an estimated 231,461 total cases in the United States.7 Is this a coincidence? The fact of the matter is that over time, people have gained more freedom in drug usage. Although it is obvious that drug-mania -at least at the surface of the matter- is not as serious as it was during the 1960s, it is clear that the era of psychedelic enlightenment left its own footprint in American drug culture.
Almost half a century after the psychedelic movement surfaced, the awareness of drug abuse and its fatalities has certainly found its way into the American conscience. Drug Awareness weeks are common in urban and rural schools all over America. Nowadays, those people fortunate enough to have been born in this great country are since birth bombarded with warning signs of “Just Say No!” and trees with gigantic red ribbons. These strategies have so far been effective in decreasing the amount of drug users and abusers relative to the mania-driven outbreak of the 1960s. Nevertheless, the underground dealings of the “drug business” and the pot shops in San Francisco will not dwindle any time soon. One of the hardest bonds to break is the bond which lies between a person and their addiction. This is mainly because at a certain point addiction becomes ritual, and ritual turns into life itself. The fact that some rock stars and bands still support, idealize, and glamorize drug usage does not help the matter simply because people who have given into the tight merciless grasps of drugs are only weakened by the fact that their idols are essentially practicing the same thing.  
 The Grateful Dead in “Black Peter”:
“Driving that train, high on cocaine,
Casey Jones is ready, watch your speed.
Trouble ahead, trouble behind,
And you know that notion just crossed my mind.”8
If only America could have read between the frets.
 
