Updated: Jan 26, 2012
2011 Earnings: Final Quarter
Starbucks reported that it earned $382.1 million, or 50 cents per share, for the quarter that ended Jan. 1, 2012. That’s up from $346.6 million, or 45 cents per share, in the same quarter the previous year. The company’s total revenue increased 16 percent to $3.44 billion.
The company delivered major gains in its consumer products business, which makes Via instant coffee, Starbucks ice cream and other items for sale in grocery stores and other retailers. Revenue from this segment increased 72 percent. It also benefited from the addition of 241 new stores during the quarter. Starbucks now operates 17,244 stores worldwide.
On Jan. 26, 2012, Starbucks shares rose 57 cents to close the day at $48.34.
Background
Starbucks is an international chain of coffeehouses. The man who built the chain, Howard D. Schultz, retook the reins in an effort to revive the corporation during a global economic crisis in 2008. He focused his efforts on the customer experience, recapturing some of the magic of the chain’s early years, when employees — who had heard the term barista before Starbucks came along? — made the drinks by hand and customers were excited by top-notch coffee.
It was a painful period for the company — in early 2009, Starbucks announced it would cut thousands of jobs and close 300 stores — but the fortunes of the chain and Mr. Schultz have improved greatly since then. Thanks to more traffic in the stores and renewed earnings growth, shares of Starbucks have risen above $24 a share.
Read More...
In March 2011, Starbucks marked its 40th anniversary with a redesigned logo and a spate of new products, including a new line of calorie-conscious food and two types of coffee that will be marketed for a limited time.
Another reason for the company to celebrate: Kraft Foods lost its appeals court ruling that upholds a decision allowing Starbucks to end a deal under which Kraft distributes the company’s coffee to grocery stores.
In 2008, Mr. Schultz faced a difficult task: He had to slow down the company to make stores feel more like hip neighborhood coffeehouses while also delivering the steady growth that investors have come to expect from Starbucks.
It was not too long ago that the arrival of a Starbucks was a major event, a recognition that a town or neighborhood was worthy of the chic Seattle-based chain. But in the last several years, every street corner, airport concourse and roadside rest stop in America seemed to attract a Starbucks.
As the company grew and customer traffic increased, Starbucks expanded its food offerings while introducing efficiencies like those automated espresso machines. Gradually, complaints surfaced that Starbucks felt more like a fast-food restaurant than a coffeehouse. In five years, Starbucks nearly tripled the number of stores worldwide, from 5,886 in 2002 to 15,011 in 2007.
But as good times vanished in the Great Recession of 2008, Starbucks found itself in an economic climate that had most people reassessing their daily spending habits on luxury items. The company’s revenues and profit tumbled as a result. Starbucks was hurt by rising costs, the cannibalizing effects of years of overexpansion, and stiff competition in espresso drinks from the likes of McDonald’s and Dunkin’ Donuts. In the summer of 2007, its customer traffic declined for the first time since the company went public, sending the stock tumbling. By the end of its fiscal 2008, Starbucks stock, once seemingly invincible, had declined by over 50 percent.
In January 2008, Starbucks ousted its chief executive, James L. Donald, and brought back Mr. Schultz to try to invigorate the company. Mr. Schultz laid off 1,000 employees and closed 600 underperforming locations in the United States, while scaling back the rate of store openings domestically. At the same time, Starbucks moved aggressively to open stores overseas, where business remained robust. It also introduced new discount programs like its $25 Gold Card, which offers 10 percent off on all items.
The strategy sparked a comeback for the coffee powerhouse. In 2010, Starbucks said its profit increased more than eightfold in the second quarter, as more customers visited its stores and spent more. Its international arm and sales outside its own stores both helped increase profits to $217.3 million.
In December 2010, a billion-dollar brouhaha between Starbucks and Kraft over supermarket coffee sales turned into the venti latte of corporate divorces. Kraft claimed that Starbucks unilaterally decided to end the agreement in which Kraft distributed Starbucks packaged products. Starbucks said Kraft failed to aggressively promote its brands, which include Seattle’s Best Coffee, in stores.
Under the contract, Starbucks can walk away if it pays Kraft fair market value for the business, plus a premium of as much as 35 percent, Kraft said in its legal papers. Analysts have estimated that fair market value alone could be well over $1 billion. Kraft declined an offer of $750 million to end the partnership in August.
In March 2011, an appeals court rejected Kraft’s contention that it would be irreparably harmed if Starbucks were allowed to end the agreement.
