San Francisco, CA
9/2/2008
Ahhhh, StarBears, how I love to walk past you and oggle all the cute, furry, beefy men out front, all the bears and cubs standing and posing with a wee bit of cappucino froth clinging to the bottoms of their mustaches...
And how I adore walking in, ordering my usual mocha-y beverage, hearing the barrista call back the drink to the register employee in his best RuPaul-esque intonation, then sitting down with a book or a friend, running into other friends who I only seem to run into while indulging in the Castro, enjoying the bubbly conversations flowing all around me...
It just feels....homey.  All that's missing is a small brick fireplace with a nice crackling fire!
Often, I'm the only female in there.  Normally, when I am the only woman in an all-male environment, I feel weirdly unsafe.  But that's never the case here.  The most attention I get might come in the form of a compliment on my choice of lipstick color or the fabulousness of my jewelry (and honey, my jewelry is ALWAYS fabulous!), and it's always polite.
This is not a Starbucks you go to if you are trying to find a Starbucks while driving around, not unless you have someone else in the car who can hop out and get your order, because finding parking in this neighborhood is beyond ridiculous, nearly impossible on some nights.  
And this is not a Starbucks you go to with a large group of friends - there just isn't much room, and what little seating there is is almost always completely full up.
While this location is technically WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE, it's very difficult to navigate inside the awkward angle of the front entry, mostly because they often have furniture right there making it an uber-tight fit even for a smaller powerchair.  Scooters just won't fit, there isn't enough turn radius.  And after a person using a wheelchair orders, there's limited room to turn around, and little choice of where to hang out inside, because there are STAIRS to the level where most of the tables are.  Still, I believe they have a disabled-accessible bathroom - isn't that the Holy Grail?!
All in all, I enjoy this location immensely.  I don't go often, but when I'm in the Castro, I make a point!
Was this review …?
