Posted at 04:33 PM | Permalink | Comments (1)
June 06, 2012
Keep up with all the news by following @SBUXGossip
TODAY'S HOT TWEETS:
---> Starbucks is taking a big risk by entering two markets at once -- juice and baked goods. http://bit.ly/KPRux5
---> Starbucks in hot water after asking Irish tweeters if they're proud to be British. http://bit.ly/LmqQwV
Posted at 04:25 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
June 05, 2012
Starbucks customer attacks barista after being told there's no cream
The Abbotsford Starbucks store customer started yelling and swearing when a barista told him there was no cream for his drink.
"To him, this is absolutely unacceptable," says a cop. "He gets in her face and yells at her, and punctuates it with throwing water in her face."
The suspect stormed out of the store and drove away in his Ford pickup. Police were given the license number, but no arrest was reported at the time of this posting.
Posted at 06:08 PM | Permalink | Comments (2)
June 04, 2012
Starbucks buys La Boulange bakery for $100 million to improve food offerings
Starbucks says baked goods from La Boulange will start replacing its current lineup early next year. Products will start appearing in San Francisco stores first then roll out nationally.
"We'll take it one store at a time, starting in metropolitan areas around the U.S. where there's demand," said Cliff Burrows, president of Starbucks Americas.
La Boulange, which also serves salads and sandwiches in a casual sit-down setting, has 19 locations in the San Francisco area. Here is its website .
Posted at 02:56 PM | Permalink | Comments (5)
June 02, 2012
Here's a Starbucks customer who was basically begging to have his iPad stolen
A 25-year-old-man told police he went into a Hoboken Starbucks around 11 a.m. last Sunday before leaving two different times to go to another store, leaving his backpack -- containing his iPad -- unattended at the table. When the guy returned  to Starbucks hours later and went to use his iPad, he noticed it was missing from his backpack.
What a surprise!
Posted at 03:39 PM | Permalink | Comments (5)
June 01, 2012
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's proposed ban on jumbo-sized sugary sodas (16 oz. or more) could mean no more larger-sized Starbucks Frappuccinos for New Yorkers.
The website DNAInfo.com reports:
The news had many Frappuccino fans fuming.
“I think that's horrible,” said Eileen Ko, a 20-year-old student from Queens, as she was walking around Astor Place.
"Frappuccinos are what makes the summer the summer. Without them, life would suck."
Posted at 12:30 PM | Permalink | Comments (14)
May 30, 2012
Are the new Starbucks store concepts designed to chase customers away?
One customer complains in Forbes about her revamped Starbucks store:
"A recent renovation brought an army of teeny-weeny tables lined up in formation against the longest wall. Behind them is a lengthy bench, too high to sit comfortably and too wide to rest your back. They’ve amped up the music by adding another speaker. And the new lighting feels fluorescent and cold. The effect of the store renovation is clear: It’s not a comfortable place to sit for very long. 'Foot traffic' has clearly increased, but the regulars have scattered."
I'd be curious what store she's talking about. The overhauled SBUX stores I visit seem as inviting as the old stores. YOUR THOUGHTS?
Posted at 06:02 PM | Permalink | Comments (11)
May 25, 2012
'I feel like I'm about to tear up,' NFL player says after Starbucks card is stolen
New England Patriots wide receiver Chad Ochocinco lost many things when his SUV was broken into this week, but he seemed most upset about his Starbucks card going missing.
“I earned the gold card,” Ochocinco said in a two-minute video posted to his Twitter account. “You know how many coffees I’ve had to drink and lemon loaves I’ve had to purchase to get to that gold card? I had $220 left on my Starbucks card. Not just any Starbucks card, but a gold Starbucks card."
Starbucks PR jumped into action and quickly made sure his card was replaced.
UPDATE: A commenter suggests a discussion about this week's "mysterious store closings," which are described here.
HAVE ANY INFO? WERE YOU AFFECTED? TELL US.
Posted at 06:23 PM | Permalink | Comments (11)
May 22, 2012
Starbucks *does not* have a drink called "Black Guy"
Starbucks customer Paul Klenk thought he heard someone order a "Black Guy" -- a drink with two shots.
"I was mortified," he writes. "A simple double espresso had taken on a racially offensive and violent nickname. ...It bothered me deeply, and for weeks I considered writing to the company."
It took a while, but he finally figured out that the drink was a "Black Eye."
The barista explained to him: "A red eye is an extra shot. A black eye is two shots; a purple eye, three shots."
And everything's fine now.
Posted at 11:10 AM | Permalink | Comments (11)
May 18, 2012
LETTER TO STARBUCKS GOSSIP AND ITS READERS:
Lisa writes:
I have a customer question:
What is "standard protocol" for stirring -- or not stirring -- iced drinks? Almost every time I order a flavored iced latte or iced Caramel Macchiato, the drink looks like all milk with toppings/espresso floating on top. Then, I have to take it over to the counter to stir it up before I can go on my way. I would love to have a stirred drink, so I could just grab and go! Are baristas supposed to stir? If so, how can I politely ask for this standard to be followed? If not, is it obnoxious for me to request this favor/customization when I order? What would the preferred wording of that order be?
Thanks to the many hard-working, cheerful baristas out there!
-----
With her question being answered, feel free to post any other comments/questions in this  WEEKEND OPEN THREAD-ish item.
Posted at 02:31 PM | Permalink | Comments (45)
May 17, 2012
No, that's not Howard Schultz.
It's Dub Hay, the master taster who is in charge of creating new blends.
Anyone with info/stories about Hay?
