Photo: The Chronicle
In a blockbuster move, Starbucks has purchased San Francisco-based La Boulange.
Pascal Rigo’s local cafe chain is up to nearly 20 Bay Area locations, and now comes the announcement that the chain’s majority owner, Next World Group, has sold La Boulange to Starbucks for $100 million in cash.
“It’s a great day. Everyone is very excited,” says Rigo.
Starbucks has been touring the country, looking for new bakeries. They’ve been working on the La Boulange deal for the last six months.
So what does this mean?
Within 12 to 14 months, there will be La Boulange-branded goods in every Starbucks’ pastry case in America, Rigo says.
Then there’s the La Boulange brand itself, which will expand to200 to 400 units nationwide within the next four to five years.
“We are going to expand the brand and retail concept to the major cities,” says Rigo.
He continues: “For us, it’s amazing. It puts us on the map. It’s validation of the hard work of everyone here.”
But don’t expect sweeping changes at your local La Boulange. While we’re awaiting official word on any potential coffee program changes, Rigo says he’s staying the course. Employees will be able to get better training and better benefits.
“At our 19 locations, we get 10, 000 to 14,000 customers a day. We’d be stupid to change anything.”
The announcement:
FOR IMMEDIATE  RELEASE
Next World Group Sells La  Boulange Café & Bakery To Starbucks Coffee Company for $100  Million
SAN FRANCISCO, CA – (June 4, 2012) – Next World Group (NWG),  a privately-held global investment firm, today announced that it has reached a  definitive agreement to sell La Boulange Café & Bakery to Starbucks Coffee  Company (NASDAQ: SBUX) for $100 million in cash.  The transaction is expected to  close in the third quarter of 2012 (Starbucks’ FY 12 fourth  quarter).
Next World Group is the majority investor of La Boulange, a  rapidly growing San Francisco-based, fast-casual restaurant chain that embodies  the authenticity of the French bakery experience.  Founded by Pascal Rigo, La  Boulange has grown to 19 Bay Area locations and has more than quadrupled revenue  since NWG’s investment.  NWG is a long-term, growth investment firm  headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in Brussels and  Paris.
“We have worked closely with Pascal over the past six years  to build an artisanal bakery brand with a track record of profitable growth –  exactly the kind of enterprise we look for in our investments,” said Sébastien  Lépinard, founder of Next World Group.  “La Boulange and Starbucks share similar  values and a common vision for creating premium products in a socially  responsible way.  We have confidence that Starbucks will stay true to the ‘La  Boulange’ brand while bringing the romance of an authentic French bakery to  consumers across the United States.”
“Our long-term partnership with NWG and Sébastien brought  solid financial management and strategic vision to help La Boulange through its  growth and success over the last few years,” said Rigo, founder and CEO of La  Boulange.  “Their involvement and commitment attracted the caliber of management  and financial partners we needed to achieve our potential.”
Next World Group invested in La Boulange in 2006, beginning  the implementation of a focused strategy to sell distinctive, high-quality  products and develop a local cafe-bakery-retail concept under the ‘La Boulange’  brand.  Since then, the business has grown geometrically as the strategy to  bring enjoyable products to an ever-growing customer base has remained  intact.
