Murder-by-car charge for Oakland woman 06.22.12
San Francisco police arrested a man Tuesday who they believe planted a bomb in a Starbucks restroom that was powerful enough to dismember or kill someone had it gone off, police said.
Ronald Schouten, 44, of San Francisco was taken into custody at about 5 p.m. by police on the corner of Geary Boulevard and Van Ness Street  --  about four blocks south of the Starbucks at 1401 Van Ness Ave., where the bomb was discovered by an employee Monday.
"This individual appears to have acted alone,'' said police spokesman Neville Gittens, adding that Schouten had no connections to any terrorist group or anti-Starbucks groups, which have vandalized the coffeehouses in the past.
Schouten was being held in San Francisco county jail on felony drug charges and was expected to be charged in the bomb planting case.
Police had been on the lookout for the suspect and had issued photos earlier in the day that had been taken by a Starbucks surveillance camera when the bomb was discovered.
Police say a disheveled man went into the Starbucks at about 1:15 p.m. Monday asking for used coffee grounds, which some people use to fertlize their gardens.
Police said the clerk was in the process of getting the man the grounds when he asked for the key to the restroom. After about five minutes he came out, returned the key and left the store, apparently without any coffee grounds.
The man had aroused the suspicion of employees, one of whom checked the bathroom as soon as he left and found what turned out to be a quarter-stick of dynamite next to the toilet, said Lt. Dan Mahoney of the police special investigations unit.
He described the bomb as an empty flashlight casing that contained the quarter-stick of dynamite and a fuse. The fuse would have to have been lit for the bomb to explode, Mahoney said. There was no indication the person who planted the device had done so. Still, the discovery forced the evacuation of the coffeehouse and the apartment house above.
Three years ago, a group of vandals targeted 17 of Starbucks' San Francisco stores, smearing glue on windows and jamming door locks. Bogus notes were left that suggested the chain planned to let locally owned establishments take over its San Francisco stores.
The Van Ness store reopened for business Tuesday.
Police asked that anyone with information call them at (415) 553-1133 or 575-4444.
This article appeared on page B - 1 of the San Francisco Chronicle
