Bay Area
1/12/2011 7 Check-ins Here
OK, Starbucks. You have seriously disappointed me today. Why? Because first of all I walk in this morning and there wasn't a usual long line, yet it still took a substantial amount of time to get my drink, especially since the cashier seemed to be having a good five minute conversation with another customer well before anyone acknowledged me.
Then I get a $5 coffee -- a Grande decaf pumpkin spice latte -- and where's the coffee? I order pumpkin spice lattes all the time in the holiday season, because it is my favorite specialty drink. The rest of the year it's mostly Americanos and plain ole coffees, so I happen to know what it's supposed to taste like. This particular one tastes like a huge glass of warm milk with a ton of pumpkin syrup in it. Blehhhh. I"m not trying to go to sleep; it's supposed to do the opposite. And it's supposed to taste good.
Second of all, you, Third Street Starbucks, have been very inconsistent. I stopped going in the afternoons because your crew during that time although smaller is so slow. I went during lunch one time only to find 20 minutes passed before I was able to finally sit down with my cup of coffee. But I thought your morning crew still had their A-game, because I've had a few good experiences then. Not today, though. Something was seriously off with your mojo.
Third, and this goes for all Starbucks, really -- You have never once gotten my name right. Even when I speak up, say it slowly, and tell you how to spell it. It's always Kara, or Kora, or Carol or Carrie or something like that. It really urks me, because my name isn't that complicated. I wonder how people who have names over two syllables do it, or those with more ethnic names. It's a great idea for customer service if it actually worked, but yeah ...
The Verdict: This should be a Two Star review, except for those few good morning visits I've had in the past, so I'm giving this Starbucks the benefit of the doubt. Still doesn't mean I won't think twice before coming back for a while.
