+ Subscribe
The San Francisco-born La Boulange artisan bakery brand someday may become a household name across the country following Starbucks ’ $100 million purchase of the business.
Seattle-based Starbucks Coffee Co. plans to roll out La Boulange-branded bakery products at its company-operated stores in the United States and to open 200 to 400 free-standing La Boulange stores in key U.S. markets over the next four to five years. Those markets haven’t been identified.
Initially, La Boulange products will pop up at Starbucks stores in the San Francisco Bay Area in early 2013. Those products will include breads, croissants, pastries, muffins and cookies.
Starbucks announced the La Boulange deal Monday in a bid to boost its food sales. Food now represents about $1.5 billion in sales at company-operated stores in the United States. Roughly one-third of purchases at Starbucks include food, said Howard Schultz , chairman, president and CEO of the coffee shop chain.
Advertisement
Schultz said La Boulange offers “significant potential for growth.”
Today, La Boulange operates 19 stores in the Bay Area. A 20th location is set to open later this year in the Westfield San Francisco Centre. French baker Pascal Rigo opened the first La Boulange location in San Francisco in 1999. Once the acquisition closes, Rigo will join Starbucks as senior vice president and general manager of the La Boulange brand.
Starbucks is buying Bay Bread LLC and its La Boulange bakery brand from majority owner New World Group, a San Francisco investment firm, as well as La Boulange management. Next World Group took a majority stake in La Boulange six years ago.
Sébastien Lépinard, founder of the investment firm, described La Boulange as “a beloved, local, artisanal bakery that San Franciscans come back for again and again. Now, it’s a successful business ready for future growth.”
Starbucks has more than 17,000 stores in 55 countries, including more than 10,000 in the United States.
La Boulange-branded baked goods will be sold at hundreds of Starbucks stores across the United States.
Photo credit: 
