Steamed milk flavored with syrup.
Milk
Choice of whole milk, 2%, nonfat or soy
Steamed Apple Juice
Freshly steamed 100% pressed apple juice.
Vivanno Smoothies
Chocolate Smoothie
A nourishing blend of mocha flavored sauce, a whole banana, milk, whey protein and fiber powder, and ice.
Orange Mango Smoothie
A nourishing blend of natural orange mango juice, a whole banana, milk, whey protein and fiber powder, and ice.
Strawberry Smoothie
A nourishing blend of natural strawberry puree, a whole banana, milk, whey protein and fiber powder, and ice.
Yogurt Parfaits
Reduced-fat yogurt with coconut-almond macaroon granola, pumpkin seeds and dried cranberries.
Peach Raspberry Yogurt Parfait
Fat-free peach flavored yogurt and lush fruit topped with crunchy granola.
Strawberry & Blueberry Yogurt Parfait
Fat-free yogurt with real fruit, topped with crunchy granola.
Ice Cream
Swirled coffee and vanilla ice creams with ribbons of golden caramel.
Coffee Ice Cream
Coffee and espresso ice creams swirled together.
Java Chip Frappuccino Ice Cream
Coffee ice cream with dark chocolaty chunks.
Peppermint Mocha Ice Cream
Swirled mocha and peppermint ice cream with rich dark chocolaty chunks.
Mocha Frappuccino Ice Cream
Coffee and chocolate ice creams swirled together.
Signature Hot Chocolate Ice Cream
Swirled chocolate and vanilla ice creams with ribbons of chocolate fudge.
Strawberries & Creme Frappuccino Ice Cream
Swirled strawberry and vanilla ice creams with real strawberries.
Vanilla Bean Frappuccino Ice Cream
Vanilla ice cream made with real vanilla beans from Madagascar.
Tazo Teas
A black breakfast tea of boldness, depth and character, invigorating any time of day.
Tazo Awake Tea Latte
Black tea sweetened with classic syrup and steamed milk.
Tazo Black Shaken Iced Tea
Black tea with a hint of citrus fruit essence, lightly sweetened and hand-shaken with ice.
Tazo Black Shaken Iced Tea Lemonade
Fine black teas mixed with refreshing lemonade and lightly sweetened.
Tazo Calm Brewed Tea
A comforting blend of chamomile, rose petals and soothing herbs.
Tazo Chai Tea Latte
Spiced black tea blended with steamed milk.
Tazo China Green Tips Brewed Tea
A light and lingering green tea with a fine, fresh flavor.
Tazo Earl Grey Brewed Tea
A traditional black tea scented with the essence of bergamot.
Tazo Earl Grey Tea Latte
Earl grey tea sweetened with vanilla-flavored syrup and steamed milk.
Tazo Full Leaf Chai Tea
A satisfyingly rich blend of black teas and exotic spices.
Tazo Green Tea Latte
Sweetened Matcha green tea with steamed milk.
Tazo Iced Awake Tea Latte
A bold tea layered with the rich, deep flavors of dark caramel, malt and black cherries, chilled to perfection when poured over ice.
Tazo Iced Chai Tea Latte
Black tea infused with cardamom, cinnamon, black pepper and star anise added to milk and ice.
Tazo Iced Green Tea Latte
Premium Matcha green tea lightly sweetened and combined with milk and ice.
Tazo Orange Blossom Brewed Tea
A light and invigorating blend of jasmine green tea, goji berries and tangerine peel.
Tazo Passion Brewed Tea
An intoxicating blend of hibiscus, lemongrass, rose hips, mango and passion fruit.
Tazo Peach Iced Green Tea
Green tea shaken with ice, peach syrup and real peach pieces.
Tazo Peach Iced Green Tea Lemonade
Green tea and lemonade shaken with ice, peach syrup and real peach pieces.
Tazo Refresh Brewed Tea
A bracing blend of mint with a pinch of tarragon.
Tazo Shaken Iced Green Tea
Green tea with mint, lemongrass and lemon verbena, lightly sweetened and shaken with ice.
Tazo Shaken Iced Green Tea Lemonade
Green tea and lemonade, lightly sweetened and hand-shaken with ice.
Tazo Shaken Iced Passion Tea
An infusion of hibiscus and natural tropical flavors, lightly sweetened and hand-shaken with ice.
Tazo Shaken Iced Passion Tea Lemonade
An infusion of hibiscus and natural tropical flavors, mixed with lemonade and hand-shaken with ice.
Tazo Vanilla Rooibos Brewed Tea
A lush and indulgent blend of rooibos, Tahitian vanilla, sweet cinnamon, apples and peaches.
Tazo Vanilla Rooibos Tea Latte
An infusion of rooibos, steamed milk, syrup, vanilla and cinnamon, topped with velvety foam.
Tazo Zen Brewed Tea
A harmonious blend of green tea with lemongrass and spearmint.
Brewed Coffee
Bold Pick of the Day
One of our rich, flavorful brewed coffees, selected to showcase our roasting and blending artistry.
Caffe Misto
Brewed coffee and steamed milk.
Clover Brewed Coffee
A coffee made for in showcases the nuances of every cup.
Coffee Traveler
A convenient carrier filled with 96 fl. oz. of brewed coffee.
Decaf Pike Place Roast
A smooth, balanced brew from a specialty blend of decaffeinated coffees.
Iced Coffee
Freshly brewed Starbucks Terraza blend served chilled and slightly sweetened on ice.
Iced Coffee with Milk
Freshly brewed Starbucks Terraza blend served chilled and slightly sweetened on ice.
Pike Place Roast
A smooth, balanced brew from a specialty roast of blended coffees.
Chocolate Beverages
Steamed milk with vanilla and mocha-flavored syrups. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and chocolate-flavored drizzle.
Peppermint Hot Chocolate
Steamed milk with peppermint, mocha and vanilla flavored syrups, sweetened whipped cream and dark chocolate curls.
Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate
Hot chocolate with mocha sauce, toffee nut and vanilla syrups, topped with sweetened whipped cream, a caramel drizzle and sprinkled with our sea salt and Hawaiian Turbinado sugar topping.
White Hot Chocolate
A traditional hot chocolate beverage made with white chocolate and steamed milk topped with whipped cream.
Espresso Beverages
Rich, full-bodied espresso with hot water in true European style.
Caffe Latte
Rich, full-bodied espresso in steamed milk, lightly topped with foam.
Caffe Mocha
Espresso with bitter sweet mocha sauce and steamed milk. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Cappuccino
Espresso with steamed milk, topped with a deep layer of foam.
Caramel Macchiato
Freshly steamed milk with vanilla-flavored syrup, marked with espresso and finished with caramel sauce.
Cinnamon Dolce Latte
Espresso with steamed milk and cinnamon dolce flavored syrup. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and cinnamon dolce topping.
Espresso
Made with our own espresso roast.
Espresso con Panna
Espresso topped with whipped cream.
Espresso Macchiato
Espresso topped with steamed milk foam.
Flavored Latte
Espresso and steamed milk, flavored with syrup.
Iced Caffe Americano
Rich, full-bodied espresso combined with water and chilled with ice.
Iced Caffe Latte
Full-bodied espresso plus cold milk and poured over ice.
Iced Caffe Mocha
Espresso combined with bittersweet mocha sauce and milk over ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Iced Caramel Macchiato
Espresso combined with vanilla-flavored syrup, milk and caramel sauce over ice.
Iced Cinnamon Dolce Latte
Espresso, milk and cinnamon dolce flavored syrup served over ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and cinnamon dolce sprinkles.
Iced Flavored Latte
Full-bodied espresso with cold milk and choice of syrup, poured over ice.
Iced Peppermint Mocha
Espresso, milk, mocha-flavored sauce and peppermint-flavored syrup over ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and chocolate curls.
Iced Peppermint White Chocolate Mocha
Espresso, milk, white chocolate flavored sauce and peppermint flavored syrup on ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Iced Skinny Flavored Latte
Rich, full-bodied espresso, nonfat milk and a sugar-free flavored syrup on ice.
Iced White Chocolate Mocha
Espresso, milk and white chocolate flavored sauce poured over ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Iced Skinny Mocha
Bittersweet skinny mocha sauce, espresso and non-fat milk served over ice.
Iced Vanilla Latte
Rich, full-bodied espresso blended with milk and vanilla syrup, served over ice.
Peppermint Mocha
Espresso, steamed milk, mocha sauce and peppermint flavored syrup, topped with sweetened whipped cream and dark chocolate curls.
Peppermint White Chocolate Mocha
Espresso with white chocolate and peppermint flavored syrups and steamed milk. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and dark chocolate curls.
Peppermint White Chocolate Mocha
Espresso and steamed milk, blended with mocha sauce and toffee nut flavored syrup, sprinkled with salt topping and drizzled with caramel.
Skinny Caramel Macchiato
A lighter version of our rich and creamy handcrafted classic.
Skinny Cinnamon Dolce Latte
Espresso, steamed nonfat milk and sugar-free cinnamon dolce flavored syrup with cinnamon dolce topping and no whipped cream.
Skinny Flavored Latte
Espresso, steamed nonfat milk and a sugar-free flavored syrup.
Skinny Mocha
Bittersweet skinny mocha sauce, espresso and steamed non-fat milk, lightly topped with foam.
Vanilla Latte
Rich, full-bodied espresso blended with creamy steamed milk and vanilla syrup.
White Chocolate Mocha
Espresso with white chocolate flavored sauce and steamed milk. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Frappuccino Blended Beverages
Coffee with vanilla bean powder, blended with milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Caffe Vanilla Frappuccino Light
Coffee flavored with vanilla and blended with milk and ice and fewer calories.
Caramel Frappuccino
Coffee blended with caramel sauce, milk and ice. Topped with whipped cream and caramel sauce.
Caramel Frappuccino Light
Coffee blended with caramel sauce, milk and ice and fewer calories.
Chocolate Cookie Crumble Frappuccino
Mocha sauce blended with vanilla syrup, chocolaty chips, milk and ice, and topped with chocolaty whipped cream and chocolate cookie crumbles.
Cinnamon Dolce Creme Frappuccino
A creamy blend of milk, sweet cinnamon flavored syrup and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and cinnamon sprinkles.
Cinnamon Dolce Frappuccino
Coffee with cinnamon dolce flavored syrup, blended with milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and our cinnamon dolce topping.
Cinnamon Dolce Frappuccino Light
Coffee flavored with cinnamon syrup, blended with milk and ice and fewer calories.
Coconut Creme Frappuccino
A blend of milk, ice and coconut-flavored syrup, blended and topped with sweetened whipped cream and toasted coconut flakes.
Coffee Frappuccino
Coffee blended with milk and ice.
Coffee Frappuccino Light
A delicious and refreshing blend of coffee, milk and ice and fewer calories.
Double Chocolaty Chip Frappuccino Blended Creme
A creamy blend of rich mocha-flavored sauce, chocolaty chips, milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and mocha drizzle.
Espresso Frappuccino
Coffee with espresso, blended with milk and ice.
Java Chip Frappuccino
Coffee with rich mocha-flavored sauce blended with milk, chocolaty chips and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and chocolate-flavored drizzle.
Java Chip Frappuccino Light
Coffee with rich mocha-flavored sauce blended with milk, chocolaty chips and ice and fewer calories.
Mocha Coconut Frappuccino
Rich mocha sauce and coconut-flavored syrup blended with coffee, fresh milk, and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream, mocha drizzle and toasted coconut flakes.
Mocha Coconut Frappuccino Light
Coffee blended with rich mocha sauce, coconut-flavored syrup, nonfat milk, ice and fewer calories.
Mocha Frappuccino
Coffee with rich mocha-flavored sauce blended with milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Mocha Light Frappuccino
Coffee with rich mocha sauce blended with milk and ice.
Peppermint Mocha Frappuccino
Coffee blended with flavored peppermint syrup, rich mocha sauce, milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and dark chocolate curls.
Peppermint Mocha Frappuccino Light
Coffee blended with flavored peppermint syrup, rich mocha sauce, nonfat milk and ice.
Strawberries & Creme Frappuccino Blended Creme
Strawberries and milk blended with ice and topped with a swirl of whipped cream.
Tazo Chai Frappuccino Blended Creme
A creamy blend of spicy Tazo chai, milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream and a dash of cinnamon.
Tazo Green Tea Frappuccino Blended Creme
A refreshing blend of sweetened Matcha green tea, milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Vanilla Bean Creme Frappuccino Blended Creme
A rich and creamy blend of vanilla bean, milk and ice. Topped with whipped cream.
White Chocolate Creme Frappuccino Blended Creme
A rich and creamy blend of white chocolate flavored sauce, milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
White Chocolate Mocha Frappuccino Blended
Coffee and white chocolate flavored sauce, blended with milk and ice. Topped with sweetened whipped cream.
Bottled Drinks
Starbucks Doubleshot Energy Cinnamon Dolce
An invigorating blend of espresso, cinnamon, caramel syrup, B vitamins, guarana and ginseng.
Starbucks Doubleshot Energy Coffee Drink
A powerful brew of espresso, B vitamins, guarana, ginseng and natural milk proteins.
Starbucks Doubleshot Energy Mocha Drink
A sweet blend of espresso, mocha syrup, B vitamins, guarana, ginseng and natural milk proteins.
Starbucks Doubleshot Energy Vanilla Drink
An invigorating blend of espresso, low-fat cream, vanilla, guarana and ginseng.
Starbucks Doubleshot Espresso
Chilled espresso, mellowed with a touch of cream.
Starbucks Doubleshot Light Espresso
Rich, full-bodied espresso mellowed with a dash of low-fat cream.
Starbucks Bottled Coffee Frappuccino Coffee
A creamy blend of coffee and low-fat milk.
Starbucks Bottled Dark Chocolate Mocha Frappuccino Coffee
A decadently rich blend of coffee, milk and dark chocolate flavors.
Starbucks Bottled Mocha Frappuccino Coffee
A delicious, low-fat blend of coffee, milk and rich, chocolaty taste.
Starbucks Bottled Vanilla Frappuccino Coffee
Coffee, low-fat milk and vanilla
Starbucks Refreshers Strawberry Lemonade
A sweet and sparkling pick-me-up.
Starbucks Refreshers Orange Melon
Sparkling energy in a deliciously fruity beverage.
Starbucks Refreshers Raspberry Pomegranate
Sparkling berry flavors with an energizing twist.
Menu for Starbucks Coffee provided by Allmenus.com
DISCLAIMER:              Information shown may not reflect recent changes. Check              with this restaurant for current pricing and menu information.              A listing on Allmenus.com does not necessarily reflect our              affiliation with or endorsement of the listed restaurant, or              the listed restaurant's endorsement of Allmenus.com. Please              tell us by clicking here if you know that any of the information shown is incorrect.              For more information, please read our Terms and Conditions .
Recent reviews for Starbucks Coffee
Ratings and Reviews for Starbucks Coffee
