Pacifica, CA
2/21/2012 1 Check-in Here
I needed a cup of coffee.  It was 11PM.  And the phone navigator sent me to the Starbucks on 19th...right before closing.  Ok.  Where is the more coffee at this time of night?
Starbucks in the Laurel Village center!  That's where!  
This 24 hour establishment is a ringer for late night coffeeshop needs.  Parking is obviously, very easy because it's the only place in the shopping center open at a late hour.  Validated parking is during the day, FYI.  Don't forget to get your validation stamp!  There's a back door on the lot that funnels you to the front counter and you don't have to walk all the way around in inclement weather.  (Not that it's that far of a walk.  It is on the corner after all.)
Because I usually feel like a pilgrim in an unholy land just out of my need for coffee and landing in a Starbucks, I never notice anything else other than just getting my coffee and getting out of these places.  However, my partner in crime pointed out this snazzy contraption behind the glass called a Clover coffee maker.  Upon further questioning, the barista tells us its a bit like an inverted french press.  (Apparently, been around a few years.  But really, it's a Stanford-engineered, vacuum, inverted, French press thingy.  $11k a unit.  But who's keeping score?)  I'll try anything other than that cigarette pack flavored swill percolating in the tank for who knows how long!  We got two of these Clover coffees, different flavors.
Watching them perform the elaborate operation to make a single cup was entertaining.  A whole lot of stirring, filtering, vacuuming, etcetera for a single cup.  If you're in a hurry, get your frappé-thing and just go. Turns out, this stuff isn't half bad.  Definitely a smoother, more flavored cup of java.  Not overly bitter.  Really changed my paradigm of Starbucks.  Later, a realization was made that the recommended flavor of one of the cups was the most expensive on the list!  Hey I don't care.  Good job barista!  Doin' your job makin' a sale!
Other store details:  
It's clean inside...blah blah blah.  Sell tons of coffee stuff.  I definitely don't like the fact that there's table campers almost everywhere here all the time, making it hard to get a seat or a comfy seat or sofa by a window.  It's a real turn off for me because that clearly means there's not a lot of rotation going on for folks that want to drink coffee and interact with other human beings.  People even fall asleep at tables!  It looks more like a university computer lab in here than a coffeeshop.  You just got to watch like a hawk and strike when you see a seat open up.
Without a doubt, it's got to be the safest place in town as many of the local law enforcement community stop in on a frequent basis.
Oh little Clover machine, how I miss you...
Was this review …?
