purple1 November 27, 2010 at 9:45 am
I agree CD and well said. I really think that SB needs to listen to Melody and what she says on this blog and the great community that has developed as a result of her blog. I am not sure, however, that the new or revisited programs that SB puts into the stores will work unless they can change the work ethic of those that work the floor and deal with the customers. As has been said before, the passion wanes up and down depending on the store and baristas in them. Perhaps, there needs to be some new focus groups set up to really discuss these topics. Basically, has SB learned anything from their mistakes and their successes?
AmazonV November 27, 2010 at 5:02 pm
@CD Thank you for such a detailed response, it really seems you might be close to the truth in there, or at least it seems perfectly plausable
I have to say i really enjoyed my vists to both 15th Ave and Roy street when I visited Seattle, and i hope to go back for the NW tea festival next year and visit Olive way.
I’ll be in san francisco in december, perhaps I can sneak a visit in to this store? not sure since it’s about a < 48 hour trip
Thanks for the clarification @karlsf
Matt December 16, 2010 at 2:25 am
As a longtime resident of San Francisco who lived just down the street from Circadia, I remember it well.  I’m really surprised at just how little information there is about it online.  I only found this blog because it came up highest in search results.  It’s almost as if SB has tried not just to erase all evidence of Circadia’s existence from the real world, but from the internet as well.
Circadia was fairly successful.  It was an area with virtually no foot traffic, but it was surrounded by many startup offices at the height of the dot-com boom.  As the Salon article states, it was very well designed and positioned towards the anti-SB crowd.  I think the only reason that it failed was because it was inevitably outed as a SB, and people felt betrayed.  They seem to be a little bit more open about their newer non-SB brands, so it will be interesting to see how those fare.
Melody December 16, 2010 at 8:28 am
Hi Matt!  Thank you for coming by and weighing in on Circadia.  I wish I had gone to it.  I briefly lived in San Francisco, but wasn’t the kind of Starbucks fan then as I am now, and I think I moved to SF shortly after the Circadia experiment was over (I lived there 2001 to 2004). You are definitely right that they are better now about having nothing undercover about their newer non-branded Starbucks, though as those stores hire outside hires who have never worked for the brand, I’ve heard partners at the registers distance themselves a bit from Starbucks, though it still is pretty obvious it is run by Starbucks – Well, at least to me it is obvious.
Thaniks again for commenting, and hope to see you back again soon!
Melody
Oh…HaHa! That’s not bad…I also have a photo of the Bryant / Mariposa store on my computer and I have been there, too. But I don’t remember the inside or anything of it.
But anyway..the store on Kansas and 16th was also very nice.
Clara August 6, 2011 at 7:08 pm
Thanks for posting about this!  I used to go to Circadia at night.  I was part of a very large lesbian social group and we used to go there regularly.  Initially did NOT know it was SB and was a tad ticked to learn the trickery… however, it was a totally fantastic place.  I am in the midwest now and a place like Circadia is just a wish… it was really great fun and the decor was really great along with being able to buy food, alcohol and coffee and have music, etc.  I happened to think of it because the cicadas (insect) are out in full force and well the names are similar, so I thought I’d google the old haunt.  Enjoy my beloved SF!
KVE April 15, 2012 at 1:11 pm
I lived in SF while Circadia was around (yes, it was on Mariposa), and it was a great place to write and meet friends.  There were several different areas or regions within the space, from solo to communal desks to loungy/living room sections.  It got a little funky on weekend nights when they tried to have live music because it didn’t quite work; but clearly they were trying different things to see what would work (i.e. turn a profit).
Those who followed cafe culture in SF found the place, although apparently not enough people did, and the people who worked there never hid that it was a new venture by Starbucks.  So, odd to read that people were upset and betrayed by this fact.  So, they are now happy that we don’t have a place like this rather than having a place like this owned by Starbucks?  A complete loss of perspective and rationality rooted in a knee-jerk anti-corporationism.
Melody April 15, 2012 at 1:24 pm
@KVE – Welcome and thank you for kicking up an old but interesting blog post.  I still find this an interesting segment of Starbucks history.  I think Circadia had just ended when I moved to SF in the fall of 2001.  There are a few Starbucks stores that are super unique in what they do – Live music, elevated food offerings, or just something totally unique.  There just aren’t many of them: The Harvard Yard Starbucks really does have enough room for live music, and they regularly have it there.  The 15th Avenue Coffee and Tea Starbucks has some local foods, and a manual espresso machine.  And Olive Way Starbucks has an “elevated” food menu with very unique offerings, and really great regular coffee events.  Anyways, thanks again for your insight.  I can imagine any Starbucks in SF will be too small for live music.  Hope you will “like” the blog (facebook widget is  in right column).
~Melody
