Quebec , Canada: Café Starbucks Coffee [56]
Thailand : สตาร์บัคส์ pronounced [satāːbākʰ]
Logo
Original brown logo
In 2006, Valerie O'Neil, a Starbucks spokeswoman, said that the logo is an image of a "twin-tailed siren ". [57] The logo has been significantly streamlined over the years. In the first version, which was based on a 17th-century Norse woodcut [55] , the Starbucks siren was topless and had a fully visible double fish tail. [58] The image also had a rough visual texture and has been likened to a melusine . [59] In the second version, which was used from 1987–92, her breasts were covered by her flowing hair, but her navel was still visible, and the fish tail was cropped slightly. In the current version, used since 1992, her navel and breasts are not visible at all, and only vestiges remain of the fish tails. The original "woodcut" logo has been moved to the Starbuck's Headquarters in Seattle.
At the beginning of September 2006 and then again in early 2008, Starbucks temporarily reintroduced its original brown logo on paper hot-drink cups. Starbucks has stated that this was done to show the company's heritage from the Pacific Northwest and to celebrate 35 years of business. The vintage logo sparked some controversy due in part to the siren's bare breasts, [60] but the temporary switch garnered little attention from the media. Starbucks had drawn similar criticism when they reintroduced the vintage logo in 2006. [61] The logo was altered when Starbucks entered the Saudi Arabian market in 2000 to remove the mermaid, leaving only her crown, [62] as reported in a Pulitzer Prize -winning column by Colbert I. King in The Washington Post in 2002. The company announced three months later that it would be using the international logo in Saudi Arabia. [63]
Parodies and infringements
Starbucks is a frequent target of parodies and imitations of its logo, and often uses legal action against those it perceives to be infringing on its intellectual property. In 2000, San Francisco cartoonist Kieron Dwyer was sued by Starbucks for copyright and trademark infringement after creating a parody of its siren logo and putting it on the cover of one of his comics; later placing it on coffee mugs, t-shirts, and stickers that he sold on his website and at comic book conventions. Dwyer felt that since his work was a parody it was protected by his right to free speech under U.S. law. The case was eventually settled out of court , as Dwyer claimed he did not have the financial ability to endure a trial case with Starbucks. The judge agreed that Dwyer's work was a parody and thus enjoyed constitutional protection; however, he was forbidden from financially "profiting" from using a "confusingly similar" image of the Starbucks siren logo. Dwyer is currently allowed to display the image as an expression of free speech, but he can no longer sell it. [64] In a similar case, a New York store selling stickers and T-shirts using the Starbucks logo with the words "fuck off" was sued by the company in 1999. [65] [66] An anti-Starbucks website, starbuckscoffee.co.uk, which encouraged people to deface the Starbucks logo [67] was transferred to Starbucks by Nominet UK , the registry for .uk domain names in 2005. [68] [69] Christian bookstores and websites in the US are selling a T-shirt featuring a logo with the mermaid replaced by Jesus and the words "Sacrificed for me" around the edge. [70]
Other successful cases filed by Starbucks include the case won in 2006 against the chain Xingbake in Shanghai, China for trademark infringement , because the chain used a green-and-white logo with a name that sounded phonetically similar to the Chinese for Starbucks. [71] Starbucks did not open any stores after first registering its trademark in Russia in 1997 and in 2002 a Russian lawyer successfully filed a request to cancel the trademark. He then registered the name with a Moscow company and asked for $600,000 to sell the trademark to Starbucks, but was ruled against in November 2005. [18] A coffee store owner in Oregon called Sam Buck was prohibited from using her name on the shop front in 2006. [72]
In 2003, Starbucks sent a cease-and-desist letter to "HaidaBucks Coffee House" in Masset, British Columbia , Canada. The store was owned by a group of young Haida men, commonly referred to as "bucks." After facing criticism, Starbucks dropped its demand after HaidaBucks dropped "coffee house" from its name. [73]
Other cases have gone against the company. In 2005 Starbucks lost a trademark infringement case against a smaller coffee vendor in South Korea that operates coffee stations under the name Starpreya. The company, Elpreya, says Starpreya is named after the Norse goddess, Freja, with the letters of that name changed to ease pronunciation by Koreans. The court rejected Starbucks' claim that the logo of Starpreya is too similar to their own logo. [74] A bar owner in Galveston, Texas, USA won the right to sell "Star Bock Beer" after a lawsuit by Starbucks in 2003 after he registered the name, but the 2005 federal court ruling also stated that the sale of the beer must be restricted to Galveston, a ruling upheld by the Supreme Court in 2007. [75]
Ongoing cases include a dispute over the copyright application for Seattle’s Rat City Rollergirls logo in 2008 [76] The company claimed the roller derby league’s logo by a Washington artist [77] was too similar to its own. Starbucks requested an extension to further examine the issue and possibly issue a complaint, which was granted by the Trademark Office. The July 16, 2008 deadline passed without action by the corporation. [78] Starbucks launched action against an Indian cosmetics business run by Shaznaz Husain, after she applied to register the name Starstruck for use with coffee and related products. She said her aim was to open a chain of stores selling coffee and chocolate-based cosmetics. [72]
Others have used the Starbucks logo unaltered and without permission, such as a café in Pakistan that used the logo in 2003 in its advertisements [79] and a cafe in Cambodia in 2009, the owner saying that "whatever we have done we have done within the law". [80]
Corporate social responsibility
Starbucks releases an annual Corporate social responsibility report. [81]
Grounds for your Garden
Environmental impact
In 1999, Starbucks started "Grounds for your Garden" to make their business more environmentally-friendly . This gives leftover coffee grounds to anyone requesting it for composting. Although not all stores and regions participate, customers can request and lobby their local store to begin the practice.
In 2004, Starbucks began reducing the size of their paper napkins and store garbage bags, and lightening their solid waste production by 816.5 metric tons (1.8 million pounds). [82] In 2008, Starbucks was ranked #15 on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's list of Top 25 Green Power Partners for purchases of renewable energy. [83]
In October 2008, The Sun newspaper reported that Starbucks was wasting 23.4 million litres of water a day by leaving a tap constantly running for rinsing utensils in a 'dipper well' in each of its stores, [84] but this is often required by governmental public health code . [85]
In June 2009, in response to concerns over its excessive water consumption, Starbucks re-evaluated its use of the dipper well system. In September 2009, company-operated Starbucks stores in Canada & the United States successfully implemented a new water saving solution that meets government health standards. Different types of milk are given a dedicated spoon that remains in the pitcher and the dipper wells were replaced with push button metered faucets for rinsing. This will purportedly save up to 150 gallons of water per day in every store.[citation needed]
A bin overflowing with Starbucks cups
Recycling
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration granted the first-ever approval to use recycled content in food packaging for Starbucks coffee cups. In 2005 Starbucks received the National Recycling Coalition Recycling Works Award. [86]
Starbucks bought 2.5 billion cups for stores in North America in 2007. The 10% recycled paper cups used by Starbucks are not recyclable, because the plastic coating that prevents the cup from leaking also prevents it from being recycled. The plastic cups used for cold drinks are also non-recyclable in most regions. Starbucks cups were originally made using plastic #1 (polyethylene terephthalate, PETE) but were changed to plastic #5 (polypropylene, PP). The former type of plastic can be recycled in most regions of the U.S. whereas the latter cannot. Starbucks is considering using biodegradable material instead of plastic to line the cups, and is testing composting of the existing cups. The exception to this is stores in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, where paper cups are recycled to a local company called "Wriggler's Wranch", where they are composted. The majority Starbucks stores do not have recycling bins; only 1/3 of company-owned stores recycled any materials in 2007, [87] however recent improvements have been made and recycling bins are popping up in more stores (the only thing hindering Starbucks' ability to have bins in every store is the lack of facilties for storage and collection of recycling in certain areas.) Allen Hershkowitz of the Natural Resources Defense Council says that Starbucks claimed they were using only 10% recycled material partly because the recycled material costs more. [88]
Starbucks gives customers a 10-cent discount when they bring their own reusable cup, and it now uses corrugated cup sleeves made from 60 percent post-consumer recycled fiber. [87]
Fair trade
Starbucks coffee beans
In 2000, the company introduced a line of fair trade products. [89] Of the approximately 136,000 metric tons (300 million pounds) of coffee Starbucks purchased in 2006, about 6 percent was certified as fair trade. [90]
According to Starbucks, they purchased 2,180 metric tons (4.8 million pounds) of Certified Fair Trade coffee in fiscal year 2004 and 5,220 metric tons (11.5 million pounds) in 2005. They have become the largest buyer of Certified Fair Trade coffee in North America (10% of the global market). Transfair USA , [91] the only third-party certifier of Fair Trade Certified coffee in the United States, has noted the impact Starbucks has made in the area of Fair Trade and coffee farmer's lives:
“
Since launching {its} FTC coffee line in 2000, Starbucks has undeniably made a significant contribution to family farmers through their rapidly growing FTC coffee volume. By offering FTC coffee in thousands of stores, Starbucks has also given the FTC label greater visibility, helping to raise consumer awareness in the process.
”
From September 2, 2009 all Espresso Roast sold in the UK and Ireland is 100% Fairtrade. This means that the coffee in all Cappuccinos, Lattes, Mochas, Americanos etc are brewed with 100% Fairtrade Espresso.
Groups such as Global Exchange are calling for Starbucks to further increase its sales of fair trade coffees.
Beyond Fair Trade Certification, Starbucks argues that it pays above market prices for all of its coffee. According to the company, in 2004 it paid on average $1.42 per pound ($2.64 kg) for high-quality coffee beans. [92] This is in comparison to commodity prices which were as low as $0.50–$0.60 in 2003–2004. [93]
A Starbucks barista
Staff training
Black aprons displaying the title "Coffee Master" are worn by employees who have completed the Coffee Master course, which educates employees in coffee tasting, growing regions, roasting, and purchasing (including fair trade ). Almost 70% of the coffee used by Starbucks around the world comes from the sixth major producer in the world, Guatemala , a pro-organic producer.
A display of Ethos water
Ethos water
Ethos , a brand of bottled water acquired by Starbucks in 2005, is sold at locations throughout North America. Ethos bottles feature prominent labeling stating "helping children get clean water", referring to the fact that $.05 from each $1.80 bottle sold ($.10 per bottle in Canada) is used to fund clean water projects in under-developed areas. Although sales of Ethos water have raised over $6,200,000 for clean water efforts, the brand is not a charity. Critics have argued that the claim on the label misleads consumers into thinking that Ethos is primarily a charitable organization, when it is actually a for-profit brand and the vast majority of the sale price (97.2%) does not support clean-water projects. [94] [95] The founders of Ethos have stated that the brand is intended to raise awareness of third-world clean water issues and provide socially responsible consumers with an opportunity to support the cause by choosing Ethos over other brands. [96] Starbucks has since redesigned the American version of the Ethos water bottles, stating the amount of money donated per bottle in the description.
Product Red
Starbucks began selling Product Red goods in November 2008, enabling the supply of AIDS medicine for 3,800 people for a year. [97]
New Orleans
Main article: Reconstruction of New Orleans
In 2008, Starbucks announced a volunteer program in New Orleans , three years after Hurricane Katrina . According to Rebuilding Together New Orleans , employees will work on various projects, including houses, planting trees and an urban garden. A volunteer coordinator said that "I've never seen this magnitude from one corporation before, I'll say that, in terms of the sheer numbers." [98]
Sparkhope
In 2004, UNICEF Philippines and Starbucks launched SparkHope, a programme in which Starbucks stores in the Philippines provide early childhood care and development for children in a particular community. An area in each store contains a donation box and shows photos of the adopted community and information about UNICEF’s programme. [99]
Criticism and controversy
Two Starbucks stores in one shopping center in Queens, New York
Market strategy
Some of the methods Starbucks have used to expand and maintain their dominant market position, including buying out competitors' leases, intentionally operating at a loss, and clustering several locations in a small geographical area (i.e., saturating the market ), have been labeled anti-competitive by critics. [100] For example, Starbucks fueled its initial expansion into the UK market with a buyout of Seattle Coffee Company, but then used its capital and influence to obtain prime locations, some of which operated at a financial loss. Critics claimed this was an unfair attempt to drive out small, independent competitors, who could not afford to pay inflated prices for premium real estate. [101] Starbucks in the 2000s greatly increased its "licensed store" franchise system, which permits Starbucks franchises only if they contribute to less than 20% of the franchisees gross income, are inside other stores or in limited or restricted access spaces, as to not dilute the brand image. Franchise agreements are rare in volume and usually only made with Fortune 1000 or similar sized chain stores. [102] The licensed store system can create the illusion of 2 or more Starbucks cafes in the same shopping plaza , when one is a standalone company owned, and the others are licensed. The menus of licensed stores can be the same or trimmed or modified versions of the cafes, or be positioned as independent cafes that happen to sell Starbucks products (ex. Barnes & Noble ). The policy of clustering stores was parodied in The Onion with the headline, "New Starbucks Opens In Rest Room Of Existing Starbucks". [103]
The Reverend Billy leading an anti-Starbucks protest in Austin, Texas in 2007
Labor disputes
Starbucks in the Financial District of Boston, Massachusetts
According to a Starbucks Union press release, since then the union membership has begun expanding to Chicago and Maryland in addition to New York City, where the movement originated. [105] [106] On March 7, 2006, the IWW and Starbucks agreed to a National Labor Relations Board settlement in which three Starbucks workers were granted almost US$2,000 in back wages and two fired employees were offered reinstatement. [107] [108] [109] According to the Starbucks Union, on November 24, 2006, IWW members picketed Starbucks locations in more than 50 cities around the world in countries including Australia, Canada, Germany, and the UK, as well as U.S. cities including New York, Chicago, Minneapolis and San Francisco, [110] to protest the firing of five Starbucks Workers Union organizers by Starbucks and to demand their reinstatement.
Some Starbucks baristas in Canada, [111] Australia and New Zealand, [112] and the United States [113] belong to a variety of unions.
In 2005, Starbucks paid out US$165,000 to eight employees at its Kent, Washington, roasting plant to settle charges that they had been retaliated against for being pro-union. At the time, the plant workers were represented by the IUOE . Starbucks admitted no wrongdoing in the settlement. [104]
A Starbucks strike occurred in Auckland , New Zealand, on November 23, 2005. [112] Organized by Unite Union , workers sought secure hours, a minimum wage of NZ$12 an hour, and the abolition of youth rates. The company settled with the Union in 2006, resulting in pay increases, increased security of hours, and an improvement in youth rates. [114]
In March 2008, Starbucks was ordered to pay baristas over US$ 100 million in back tips in a Californian class action lawsuit launched by baristas alleging that granting shift-supervisors a portion of tips violates state labor laws . The company plans to appeal. Similarly, an 18 year-old barista in Chestnut Hill, MA has filed another suit with regards to the tipping policy. Massachusetts law also states that managers may not get a cut of tips. [115] [116] A similar lawsuit was also filed in Minnesota on March 27, 2008. [117]
Opening without planning permission
Starbucks has been accused by local authorities of opening several stores in the United Kingdom in retail premises, without the planning permission for a change of use to a restaurant. Starbucks has argued that "Under current planning law, there is no official classification of coffee shops. Starbucks therefore encounters the difficult scenario whereby local authorities interpret the guidance in different ways. In some instances, coffee shops operate under A1 permission, some as mixed use A1/A3 and some as A3". [118]
In May 2008, a branch of Starbucks was completed on St. James's Street in Kemptown , Brighton, England , despite having been refused permission by the local planning authority, Brighton and Hove City Council, who claimed there were too many coffee shops already present on the street. [119] [120] Starbucks appealed the decision by claiming it was a retail store selling bags of coffee, mugs and sandwiches, gaining a six month extension, [121] but the council ordered Starbucks to remove all tables and chairs from the premises by 20 February 2009, to comply with planning regulations for a retail shop. [122] 2500 residents have signed a petition against the store, and public inquiry is due to be held on 10 June 2009. [123]
A Starbucks in Hertford won its appeal in April 2009 after being open for over a year without planning permission. [124] Two stores in Edinburgh, [125] one in Manchester, [126] one in Cardiff, [127] one in Pinner, Harrow, [118] and one in Blackheath, Lewisham [128] [129] were also opened without planning permission.
Accusations by Egyptian cleric
On January 25, 2009, Egyptian Cleric Safwat Higazi claimed that Starbucks's "siren" logo is actually a depiction of the ancient Jewish queen Esther . He then called for Muslims to boycott all Starbucks coffee shops in the Arab world. [130] Columnist Melanie Phillips has satirised this idea as the "The Protocol of the Drinkers of Coffee". [131]
A store on Piccadilly with its windows boarded up after being smashed by protesters
Violence against Starbucks in the United Kingdom
On January 12, 2009, a Starbucks in Whitechapel Road in London was the target of vandalism by pro- Palestinian demonstrators who broke windows and reportedly ripped out fittings and equipment after clashes with riot police. In the early hours of the following morning a suspected makeshift firebomb was hurled into the premises, causing further damage. [132] [133] [134]
On January 17, 2009, a pro- Gaza protest was held by the Stop the War Coalition in Trafalgar Square in central London. After the rally, two groups of people, some hiding their faces, smashed and looted two Starbucks on Piccadilly and Shaftesbury Avenue . Although the stores had requested greater police protection following the violence against a Starbucks the previous week, Scotland Yard stated it could "not stop thugs hell-bent on causing damage." [133] [135] [136] [137]
The Way I See It
Quotes by artists, writers, scientists and others have appeared on Starbucks cups since 2005 in a campaign called "The Way I See It". [138] Some of the quotes have caused controversy, including one by gay writer Armistead Maupin and another by Jonathan Wells that linked ' Darwinism ' to eugenics , abortion and racism . [139] The cups bear messages that state that these views are not necessarily those of Starbucks or its employees.
US military viral email
A US Marines Sergeant emailed ten of his friends in August 2004 having wrongly been told that Starbucks had stopped supplying the military with coffee donations because the company did not support the Iraq war. The email became viral, being sent to tens of millions of people. Starbucks and the originator sent out a correction, [140] but Starbucks' VP of global communications, Valerie O'Neil, says the email is still forwarded to her every few weeks. [141] [142] [143]
Music, film, and television
Main article: Hear Music
Starbucks' second Hear Music Coffeehouse at the South Bank development adjacent to the River Walk in downtown San Antonio, Texas .
Hear Music is the brand name of Starbucks' retail music concept. Hear Music began as a catalog company in 1990, adding a few retail locations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Hear Music was purchased by Starbucks in 1999. Nearly three years later, in 2002, they produced a Starbucks opera album, featuring artists such as Luciano Pavarotti , followed in March 2007 by the hit CD "Memory Almost Full" by Paul McCartney , making McCartney the first artist signed to New Hear Music Label sold in Starbucks outlets. Its inaugural release was a big non-coffee event for Starbucks the first quarter of 2007.
In 2006, the company created Starbucks Entertainment, one of the producers of the 2006 film Akeelah and the Bee . Retail stores heavily advertised the film before its release and sold the DVD. [144]
Partnership with Apple
Starbucks has agreed to a partnership with Apple to collaborate on selling music as part of the "coffeehouse experience". In October 2006, Apple added a Starbucks Entertainment area to the iTunes Store , selling music similar to that played in Starbucks stores. In September 2007 Apple announced that customers would be able to browse the iTunes Store at Starbucks via Wi-Fi in the US (with no requirement to login to the Wi-Fi network), targeted at iPhone , iPod touch , and MacBook users. The iTunes Store will automatically detect recent songs playing in a Starbucks and offer users the opportunity to download the tracks. Some stores feature LCD screens with the artist name, song, and album information of the current song playing. This feature has been rolled out in Seattle , New York City, and the San Francisco Bay Area , and was offered in limited markets during 2007–2008. [145] During the fall of 2007, Starbucks also began to sell digital downloads of certain albums through iTunes. Starbucks gave away 37 different songs for free download through iTunes as part of the "Song of the Day" promotion in 2007, and a "Pick of the Week" card is now available at Starbucks for a free song download. A Starbucks "app" is available in the iPhone "App Store."
Partnership with MSNBC
Starting on June 1, 2009, the MSNBC morning news program Morning Joe has been presented as "brewed by Starbucks" and the show's logo changed to include the company logo. Although the hosts have previously consumed Starbucks coffee on air "for free" in the words of MSNBC president Phil Griffin , it was not paid placement at that time. [146] The move was met with mixed reactions from rival news organizations, viewed as both a clever partnership in an economic downturn and a compromise of journalistic standards. [147]
Cup sizes
