 
Rates Starting From $139 per night weekends
AAA Four Diamond accommodations, elegant meeting and event space, and convenient access to the most exciting attractions
A Premier Union Square San Francisco Hotel Located In The Heart Of Downtown
Experience the rebirth of one of the most celebrated downtown San Francisco hotels - The Westin San Francisco Market Street.  Renovated and re-branded,  we offer you an oasis of sophistication in the heart of the South of Market district. An artful blend of style and architecture, we're a short, scenic cable car ride from Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, and the Alcatraz ferry. Browse the shops and boutiques of Union Square just steps away and the brand-new Westfield San Francisco Centre. Immerse yourself in a fantastic array of museums, theaters, and attractions , only minutes from our four-star property. And after a day of adventure, retire to our supremely comfortable accommodations  featuring new bedding, designer bath amenities, and stunning city skyline views through floor-to-ceiling windows. Whether you've come for a romantic escape, weekend getaway, or corporate outing, our Union Square San Francisco hotel is the perfect cosmopolitan retreat, in an exceptional setting.
Conveniently located in the vibrant South of Market district, surrounded by San Francisco's premier shopping, dining, and attractions
Steps to Union Square, the San Francisco Museum of Modern of Art, and the theater district
Just a block from the Moscone Center, the Financial District, and a short stroll to the new Westfield San Francisco Centre
A scenic cable car ride to and from Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, and Alcatraz ferry
13 miles from San Francisco International Airport and 20 miles from Oakland International Airport
Find attractions near our Union Square hotel.
Four-Star Downtown San Francisco Hotel Accommodations  And Services  
Boasting stylish, AAA Four Diamond accommodations, elegant meeting and event space, and convenient access to the most exciting downtown attractions, we're the ideal address to relax, revive, and renew. Book your Union Square San Francisco hotel reservations online today for The Best Rates. Guaranteed.
