See more jobs at Starbucks
What Starbucks partners (employees) are saying:
Working at Starbucks has afforded me countless opportunities for both personal and professional development. I'm proud to work for such an innovative company with such a strong commitment to the community and the environment.
Sara Ripoli
Greater Seattle Area
Starbucks offers tremendous opportunity to work and grow your professional career working side by side with smart people doing cutting edge projects in an environment that encourages and rewards innovation. In addition to being encouraged to build my skills and career while doing fascinating work, I also feel great pride in knowing that Starbucks gives back in so many ways to communities around the world making life a little bit better for people. This makes working here every day even more rewarding.
Manager of Global Talent Sourcing Strategy
Greater Seattle Area
Starbucks has always been a company that I’ve admired; from their people and brand image to their continuous efforts and support for their farmers and local communities. I started my career journey at Starbucks in 2003 as a retail management trainee and am now part of the Canadian recruitment team as a sourcing specialist in Vancouver, BC.  Starbucks has always given me the opportunity to use my skills to their full potential and the ability to fulfill my goals!
Vancouver, Canada Area
Living and Working in Seattle
We think our home city is a pretty great place to live – and a lot of others agree. In fact, Seattle is consistently rated as one of the world’s most livable cities. That has made Seattle one of the nation’s fastest growing cities in terms of people moving here. 
The people who live here are smart and interesting. We’re mad for books (just check out our amazing library!); Seattle is ranked as one of the nation’s most literate cities. We also appreciate great food, and the city has a variety of amazing restaurants. The city’s demographics show that we’re a diverse lot – and we appreciate that diversity. Seattle is second only to San Francisco in the percentage of residents who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT). 
Even the weather here is much nicer than you may have heard. Despite its reputation as a rainy city, Seattle experiences less annual precipitation than Miami, Atlanta or New York City!
 
Watch one of our videos:
Partner (employee) benefits at Starbucks Coffee Company:
Health insurance
