This Seattle cafe was among the first to sell beer and wine. (Photo by Aaron Leitz via Starbucks media gallery)
It looks like Southern California will be the local ground zero for the Starbucks Booze Experiment.
Starbucks confirmed plans to start selling wine and beer in a San Diego area cafe in Coronado , Calif. The company said Wednesday that the cafe is one of at least six Starbucks in Southern California that will launch a pilot beer and wine program.
Here’s what Starbucks said in a statement sent Wednesday morning:
“We have plans to bring wine, beer and an enhanced food menu to four to six stores in Southern California by the end of the year. At this time, we do not have details to share on other store locations in Southern California besides Coronado.”
It is unclear, at this time, if Orange County will be among the six cafes to sell beer and wine. (Readers: If you spot an “ABC” petition/sign at your local Starbucks, let me know via  email: nluna@ocregister.com )
Select locations will start selling wine, beer and premium foods by the end of this year as the Seattle chain looks to drive sales at night.
Soon, some baristas will be preparing booze drinks. (Photo courtesy Starbucks)
“Building an evening day-part is a natural progression for us as we are always looking for ways to evolve and enhance the Starbucks experience based on what our customers are telling us,” company executive Clarice Turner said in a prepared statement.  ”We’re pleased with the response of our customers to the introduction of wine, beer and premium food at several of our stores in the Pacific Northwest, and we’re excited to see how the idea translates to other markets.”
In fall 2010, Starbucks began experimenting with beer and wine sales at its Olive Way location in Seattle. Since that time, about six cafes in Seattle and Portland, Oregon have added beer and wine.  Besides Southern California and Atlanta, about five to seven cafes in the Chicago area are also expected to sell beer and wine in 2012.
Starbucks said the premium food menu will consist of savory snacks, small plates and hot flat breads.
More food news: Follow Nancy Luna on  Facebook I  Fast Food Maven blog  I Twitter
Related stories:
 
ADVERTISEMENT
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.                      You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
