Wildflower Vegan Pop-up, Pig and Dog are BFF, and Starbucks Ditches Bugs!
By Megan Rascal Fri., Apr. 20 2012 at 10:00 AM
Pin It
​
Get excited, San Francisco! Chef Ayinde Howell and his revered vegan pop-up restaurant Wildflower are coming to town ! Chef Ayinde hosted Wildflower in New York last year, and I was able to attend one night. It was awesome! I highly recommend you check this out. The menu includes Jamaican Sliders, Mexican Hot Cocoa Waffles, Beer-Battered Tempeh Tacos, and more -- hot damn! Get me some of that. Here's the details:
Celebrated Vegan Pop-Up "Wildflower" will serve a Cinco de Mayo street food menu from May 4 to 6 at Coffee Bar's The Window (corner of 12th and Howard St.)
The New York Times' Well Blog thinks going vegan is so dang hard ! Vegansaurus has a great comment section going about it -- I'd say it was inspiring, but I don't say things like that because I'm bad to the bone. Thugs don't cry.
Dudes, did you sign the petition to hold Andy Keung Cheung responsible for leaving 50,000 hens to starve to death ? You've got to sign it! And tell your friends to sign it! They are just shooting for a measly 10,000 signatures, and they aren't there yet. That's ridiculous! To get you in the petition-signing mood, here's an update on the Turlock hens: They love dust baths!:
Hey! Earth Day is Sunday! They are doing stuff in Berkeley ! You should go! Rep for the vegans; we are Earth Day's favorite people , after all.
The SF Vegan Bakesale is this Sunday too! Get some treats!
What are you doing on Tuesday, April 24? Going to Sacramento !:
One of the biggest animal protection bills of the year, Senate Bill 1221 , is up for a vote in committee. This bill would prohibit the cruelty of bear and bobcat hounding -- an unnecessary and unsporting practice where packs of hounds chase down bears and bobcats. This cruel practice is still legal here in California, despite the fact that it is criminalized in the majority of states.
Listen to the Humane Society! Get out there and support Senate Bill 1221! It's a palindrome!
A piglet fell off a livestock truck and was found by some veterinarians. They nursed the little guy to health, and he's now best friends with their dog! This is adorable but come on, these people prob eat meat all the time. If they don't, at the very least 99 percent of people watching that newscast do and I'm like, you know you're eating this little guy's family, right? What makes this piglet so special that he gets to be a pet instead of dinner? People are so cray. Still, super cute:
