[ edit ] Styles
Although there is no official classification, the following different styles or editions have been or are being produced.
City, State, and Country Mugs
94 Collectors Series: The first edition of Starbucks City mugs, available with motifs from all over the world.
94 Collectors Series Mini Mugs: Demitasse/Espresso size mugs
97 States of Bean Mugs: Colorful motifs from several U.S. states.
98/99 Collage Series: Colored Photos with typical images from over 30 American cities and 4 states.
02 Skyline Series: Display city skylines, typically blue on white.
02 Skyline Mini Series: Demitasse/espresso size. Display city skylines, typically blue on white.
02 Skyline Series Giant Mugs Released in a very limited edition to only the highest volume stores and display city skylines similar to the 20 oz counterparts. 'The Skyline Giants' have a 2.5-gallon capacity.
02 USA Scenic Series Often considered a limited edition, 4-mug extension of the Skyline Series. Displays the American Flag, Mount Rushmore, Statue of Liberty and Iwo Jima Memorial.
02 Italian Romance Series: Same style as 94 Collectors Series, sold in US as tribute to Italian coffee culture.
04 City Scenes: Black-and-white pictures with landmarks from several cities in the United States and Canada.
04 Art Deco Style: Similar to the '04 City Scenes, these mugs feature an art deco style and were only released in four U.S. cities.
05 Photo Series: Unique style motifs from the United Kingdom and Ireland.
06 US/Canada Architecture Series: City skylines, purple/blue on white, with city facts on the backside of the mug.
06 US/Canada Architecture Mini Series
'07 Park Series: These mugs feature motifs from several city parks and national parks in the United States and Canada.
08 Icon Series: These mugs are replacing the original City Mugs all over the World. Started in June 2008 in China (for the Olympic Games), now also spread to other countries all over the world.
08 Icon Mini Series: Same as the Icon Series, but smaller (3oz). Up to now there are always a small and a big mug available for each city/country.
City Relief Mugs: New York, Boston, Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, London, Prague, Amsterdam and Paris.
Non City Mugs
Japan Series: A series of colorful mugs from several Japanese cities as well as one "Japan Country Mug" per year since 2002.
Asian Artsy Design Mugs: These mugs have intricate designs mainly from Japan, China, Taiwan, South Korea, Thailand, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
Coffee Origin Mugs: Dedicated to the countries and regions where Starbucks buys coffee beans, including places such as Guatemala and Sulawesi.
Coffee Blend Mugs: Dedicated to various popular coffee blends such as Caffe Verona.
Christmas Mugs: This would be all Christmas/ Hannukah/ Kwanza mugs.
Miscellaneous Holiday Mugs: All other holiday mugs (Easter, Valentine's, Thanksgiving, etc.)
Holiday Ornaments: All of the miniature ornaments that include tiny mugs (not to be confused with the demitasse)
Starbucks Anniversary Mugs: Released to celebrate the inauguration of Starbucks in a country/ city.
Miscellaneous Mini Mugs: Smaller versions of some regular-sized mugs, and a typical size for a single espresso.
Tasting Cups: Two ounce cups that don;t have handles
Other Mugs
