Starbucks said Monday that it will purchase San Francisco-based La Boulange bakery and hire founder Pascal Rigo .
Starbucks plans to build out La Boulange nationally in the years ahead. La Boulange has been engaged in a strong expansion program already.
The move also puts Starbucks (NASDAQ: SBUX) into the heart of San Francisco neighborhoods, such as Hayes Valley, that have strict rules against formula retail.
Seattle-based Starbucks said baked goods and pastries from La Boulange will start replacing its current offerings at Starbucks early next year.
Food accounts for $1.5 billion in sales at Starbucks' company-operated locations and has enjoyed double-digit growth in its last two fiscal years.
"This is an investment in our core business," said Howard Schultz , Starbucks' chairman and CEO. "After more than 40 years, we will be able to say that we are bakers too."
The deal allows La Boulange's majority owner, San Francisco private equity firm Next World Group, to exit an investment it made in 2006.
"We have worked closely with Pascal over the past six years to build an artisanal bakery brand with a track record of profitable growth," said Sébastien Lépinard , founder of Next World. "We have confidence that Starbucks will stay true to the 'La Boulange' brand, while bringing the romance of authentic French bakery to consumers across the United States."
The deal is expected to close in the third quarter.
"Our long-term partnership with NWG and Sébastien brought solid financial management and strategic vision to help La Boulange through its growth and success over the last few years, said Rigo, founder and CEO of La Boulange. "Their involvement and commitment attracted the caliber of management and financial partners we needed to achieve our potential."
Mark Calvey covers banking and finance for the San Francisco Business Times.
See all your followed company news on your personalized dashboard .
To access the full benefits of bizWatch and receive a weekly email with aggregated news on all the companies you are following, please provide your email address below.
Sign Up Now
