Why is the Atlantic so Salty?
The Climate System
Lectures - Monday and Wednesday, 11:00 AM - 12:15 PM
Lab - Tuesday, 4:10 PM -7 PM
Why is the Atlantic So Salty.
Lecture Figures (PowerPoint).
Comparing the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans
The surface waters of the Atlantic Ocean are a lot saltier than the Pacific     surface water (Fig. 1), Why?
The water vapor transport (about 0.3 Sv, equal to about two Amazon Rivers)     carried by the trade winds across the Isthmus of Central America (Fig. 2)     may explain the salty North Atlantic. The freshwater evaporating from the     North Atlantic subtropics feeds excess rainfall in the Pacific Ocean's western     tropical regions. The Atlantic gets salty, the Pacific gets fresher. However     the freshwater export across Central America can't explain the salty South     Atlantic. That may be explained by the removal of water vapor from the South     Atlantic subtropics to the Antarctic Circumpolar Current (Fig. 3) by a mean     southwest-directed wind. The South Atlantic gets saltier and the excess freshwater     is carried into the Indian and ultimately to the Pacific Ocean by the Antarctic     Circumpolar Current. Both routes of water vapor, from the North Atlantic     and from the South Atlantic, make for a salty Atlantic. But that's not all,     there is also an influx of Indian Ocean water around the southern rim of     Africa by the Agulhas Current (Fig. 4). This is referred to as the Agulhas     Leakage, and this is where the story becomes interesting.
Naturally as water vapor is removed from the Atlantic Ocean by the winds     and the Atlantic gets saltier there must be some compensating action that     brings freshwater back to the Atlantic, otherwise the Atlantic will continuously     become saltier, the Pacific fresher. Compensation is accomplished by interocean     exchange, the fresher Pacific waters make their way to the salty Atlantic.     Much of the interocean exchange is part of a sluggish global scale circulation     associated with North Atlantic Deep Water.
Cooling of the salty surface water of the northern North Atlantic leads     to the formation of North Atlantic Ocean Deep Water. The production rate     is thought to be about 15 Sv. NADW flows southward between 1000 and 3500     m where upon reaching the Antarctic Circumpolar Current it upwells and advected     eastward around Antarctica, into the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Slowly the     NADW water enters into the upper kilometer of the ocean, altered in temperature     and salinity. This surface layer water winds it way back to the Atlantic     Ocean (Fig. 5, 6). Two important links in this global scale circulation occur     just south of Africa- the Agulhas leakage and within the Indonesian seas,     the Indonesian Throughflow.
Agulhas Leakage
On rounding the southern rim of Africa, the Agulhas Current abruptly turns     anticlockwise, to flow back to the Indian Ocean as the Agulhas return current     (Fig. 7). The special nature of the Agulhas retroflection stems from the     unique regional geography and wind patterns. The southern coast of Africa     is about 5° of latitude closer to the Equator than the westerly wind maximum,     the latitude where western boundary currents in the subtropics are expected     to separate from the continental margin to turn into their ocean's interior.     The Agulhas 'runs out' of western continental margin before the wind allows     for such separation. The resulting retroflection is shaped by the sea-floor     morphology and by regional to large-scale winds; its form is expected to     alter with changes of the maximum westerlies, or with the strength of the     Agulhas Current. The warm surface water trapped within the Agulhas retroflection     transfers heat to the atmosphere, the largest such exchange in the Southern     Hemisphere. The effects are considerable, for instance in influencing rainfall     patterns as far away as Australia or deep-ocean 'overturning' in the northernmost     Atlantic.
The significance of the Agulhas retroflection does not end with its momentary     loop into the southeast corner of the South Atlantic, for there are its outputs     and inputs to consider. A major output, for instance, is the considerable ¥leakage'     of water from the Indian Ocean into the upper kilometer of the Atlantic Ocean.     The magnitude of this phenomenon has been the subject of conflicting results     and much debate over the past 15 years, as have the wider implications. These     include the effects of Agulhas leakage on the heat flow towards the Equator     within the South Atlantic, and on the formation of NADW.
The various and widespread inputs to the Agulhas system are shown in Fig.     8. Streams of water are derived from far-distant parts of the Pacific Ocean,     and may be part of a NADW-induced global balance. Red Sea intermediate water     is part of the picture, as is eastward-flowing water in the South Atlantic,     both of which contribute to the mix in the Indian Ocean. All of the return     pathways must pass through or become entangled with the Agulhas retroflection,     which may act as a 'valve' regulating the buoyancy of water in the upper     kilometer of the South Atlantic Ocean and may in turn regulate NADW overturning.     There are indications in models and paleo-climate data that the Agulhas valve     does indeed play a central role in governing the formation rate of NADW and   perhaps of the glacial ¨interglacial swings.
The big ocean is the Pacific Ocean, and it provides important streams feeding     the Agulhas, notably the Pacific to Indian Ocean flow through the Indonesian     seas. Low salinity Pacific waters streak across the tropical Indian Ocean     (Fig. 9).
Indonesian Seas Throughflow [ITF]
Pacific to Indian transfer of upper layer water within the Indonesian Seas     strongly influences the Pacific and Indian heat FW budgets (Fig. 10). The     Indonesian seas offer a complex array of pathways connecting the tropical     Pacific and Indian Oceans (Fig. 11). The ITF is mostly composed of North     Pacific water (Fig. 12, 13). There have been attempts to directly measure     the ITF, such as the 1996-1998 current meter array set in Makassar Strait,     considered as the main ITF pathway (Fig. 14, 15). The ITF amounts to about     10 SV (Fig. 16), but the magnitude depends on season and on the phase of     El Niño (to be discussed in the ENSO lecture). Might severing the ITF or     Agulhas leakage shut down or drastically reduce the NADW, and all of the     climate phenomena linked to NADW (Fig. 17)?
Text by Arnold Gordon, 2004.
