QUESTION: WHY IS THE OCEAN SALTY AND MOST LAKES NOT SALTY?
Kent Carey
Materials Science, Hewlett-Packard, Palo Alto, California
Actually even lakes and rivers have some small amount of salt picked up from minerals dissolved in the water as it runs over them on its way to the sea. The sea has much more salt, however. This is because when the water reaches the ocean, the only way for it to leave again is by evaporating. When the water evaporates it leaves behind the minerals, including salt, that came with it to the ocean. After a few hundred million years or so, the salt level in the oceans got to be very high.
Tom Davis
Silicon Graphics, Mountain View, California
Water that flows into the ocean has a tiny bit of salt in it that it picks up on its journey to the sea, but as water from the oceans evaporates to appear later as rain, it leaves the salt behind. Put a glass of salt water out in the sun for a few weeks, and even though all the water evaporates, the salt remains, and will form a salty crust on the glass. So rivers move tiny amounts of salt into the ocean, and evaporation takes out the water and leaves the salt, so over millions of years, there is more and more salt in the ocean.
Jay Morris
Mechanical Engineering Graduate Student, Yale University, Connecticut
The ocean is salty because as the Earth cooled 3-4 billion years ago and water began to condense (rain) the salts (which dissolve easily in water) began to be washed into the puddles and pools that eventually formed the oceans. When water evaporates from the oceans the salt is left behind. The pure water comes down as rain somewhere else, dissolves more salt, carries the new salts to the puddles and the cycle continues. You can do an experiment to simulate this: Make a line on a mason jar about a half inch from the bottom, fill the jar with pure water to the line. When the water evaporates look for any residue. Now mix a mild salt-water solution and fill the jar to the line with the solution. When that evaporates, again look for residue. Every few days you will have to add more salt-water and you will see the residues accumulate. The water turns into humid air, the salt remains behind. This is why oceans are so salty. By the way, inland seas or salt lakes are usually bits of oceans that have been cut off over millions of years and they have nowhere for the salts to escape to. This is true of the Dead Sea and the Great Salt Lake in Utah!
Christopher Neufeld
Physics, University of Toronto, Canada
The salt in the oceans was originally in the rocks and soil of the Earth. Long ago, the oceans were fresh water, like the lakes. Ever since then, water has fallen onto the soil and drained, through lakes, into the oceans. Once in the ocean, it evaporates again, and repeats the cycle. Salt can't evaporate. So, the water fell on the land, and dissolved a very, very small amount of salt. It carried that salt to the ocean, and when the water in the ocean evaporated, the salt stayed behind. Over billions of years this eventually led to the oceans holding a large amount of salt. The lakes are not salty because the water which enters them leaves again by a different river, and doesn't evaporate away very much. Even if salt starts to concentrate in the lake, the incoming water tends to dilute it and carry it away again.
Jim Stringer
Physiology, Palo Alto Medical Clinic, California
Lakes are an active part of the ground water cycle, in which huge volumes of water travel on the surface and underground on their way back to the ocean. Most lakes are not final destinations for the water traveling through them, but rather just temporary resting places. Anyone who has built a dam in a little stream or visited a man made reservoir knows how a lake forms behind an obstacle in the water's flow. If you have dug a hole at the beach or built a wall of sand at the ocean's edge, you have seen how water flows both above and through the sand.  Think about how water gets into and out of lakes. Water enters lakes through rivers and streams, both above and below the ground. (A little rain and snow will fall directly onto a lake, but except in the high mountains, this amount is not significant compared to the total amount coming in.) Water leaves, however, not only through outgoing streams, rivers, and underground passages, but also through evaporation. Ground Water carries a small amount of dissolved salts and minerals. When water flows out of a lake, it carries this dissolved material with it. When water evaporates, these dissolved minerals are left behind. (Salt does not evaporate.)  In most cases, the flow of water through the lake is much greater than the rate of evaporation, and the water remains fresh. The lakes that are salty are usually in hot dry areas. The dry climate means that little water flows through the lake, and the high temperatures promote evaporation. More water leaves this lake by evaporation than through ground flow, and the amount of dissolved salt gradually increases. The ocean, of course, is constantly losing pure fresh water through evaporation and receiving small amounts of dissolved salt from ground water coming in. While it would seem that the oceans should be getting saltier over time, the fossil record indicates it isn't so. Interestingly, the salinity of seawater has remained constant at about 3.5 percent since the origin of the oceans. Various chemical, biological, and tectonic processes serve to remove salts from seawater in the amounts necessary to keep the ocean salinity in balance.
Diane Conradson
Field Biologist (retired), San Jose State University, California
Until recent times, the saltiness of the ocean was believed to have come from the weathering and erosion of continental rocks. If this were true, then the chemical composition of river water and salty inland lakes should be similar to that of the oceans. But river water salts are largely calcium and bicarbonate ions, while seawater salts are largely sodium and chloride.
The upper mantle layer of the Earth has more of the minerals found in sea water, and in similar proportions. So deep sea vents, rift vents, and volcanoes actually supply most of the salts through outgassing. Some of the ocean minerals are a combination of weathering and outgassing, such as sodium chloride, or table salt. The weathered rocks supply sodium ions; the outgassing supplies chloride ions. Mid-ocean rifts supply much of the sea's calcium, as the heat from the rifts dissolves sea floor rocks.
The ratio of each mineral in sea water to the total percentage of dissolved solids remains a constant. So whether the sodium chloride is taken from a salt pond or the middle of the ocean, its ratio to the other salts remains the same. Sea water contains less silica (quartz) and calcium than river water, however, because marine plants and animals remove them to form their hard parts (shells, cases, and tests).
This web page is maintained by Lucinda       Surber . Created: 2/3/96
 
