Why the Sea Is Salty
Why the Sea Is Salty by Amy Peters
Why the Sea Is Salty
Once upon a time there were two brothers, one rich and one poor. On one Christmas Eve, the poor brother had nothing to eat, so he went to his brother and begged him to give him something for Christmas Day. It was not the first time that the poor brother had asked his brother for a favor. The rich brother was tired of being asked to help out, so he devised a plan.
“If you will do as I ask, you shall have a whole ham. You must spend a night in the Haunted Cave,” he told his poor brother. The poor one thanked him and agreed, since he had no other options.
“Well, I will do what I have promised,” said the poor brother, and he took the ham and set off. He went on and on all day, and at nighttime he came to a place where there was a bright light.
“This must be the place,” he thought.
An old man with a long white beard was outside chopping Yule logs.
“Good evening,” said the man with the ham.
“Good evening to you. Where are you going at this late hour?” asked the man.
“I am going to the Haunted Cave. Am I headed in the right direction?”
“Oh! Yes, you are already there,” said the old man. “When you get inside, they will all want to buy your ham, for they don't get much meat to eat there. But you must not sell it unless you can get the hand-mill, which stands behind the door. When you come out again, I will teach you how to properly use the hand-mill; it is useful for almost everything.”
So the poor man thanked the old man for his good advice and knocked at the door. When he got in, everything happened just as predicted. People came around him like ants on an anthill and tried to outbid each other for the ham.
“I really shouldn't sell it,” said the man. “But, if I do decide to sell it, I would like to have the hand-mill that is standing there behind the door.”
At first they said no, but eventually they gave in and traded the hand-mill for the ham.
When the man came out again into the yard, he asked the old woodcutter how to use the hand-mill, and when he had learned how he headed home. He got there just as Christmas Day arrived.
“Where in the world have you been?” asked his wife. “I have no firewood and nothing to eat.”
“Oh! Wait until you see!” said the man. Then he set the hand-mill on the table and told it to grind firewood, then a tablecloth, some meat, and something to drink, and everything else that was good for a Christmas dinner. The mill ground all that he ordered.
“Amazing!” said his wife as one thing after another appeared. She wanted to know where her husband got the mill, but he would not tell her.
“Never mind where I got it. You can see that it is a good one,” said the man. So they had meat, drink, and all kinds of tasty things to last all Christmas season. On the third day the man invited all his friends to come to a feast.
When the rich brother saw all that there was at the banquet and in the house, he was quite put out about his brother's new wealth.
“Tell me where you got your riches,” he said to his brother.
“From behind the door,” he said, but he did not say which door. Later in the evening, though, he was so excited about his new hand-mill that he told his brother where he had found it. “Look at what has brought me all my wealth,” he said, and brought out the mill, and made it grind first one thing and then another. When the brother saw that, he insisted on having the mill. After a great deal of arguing, he got it. First though, he had to pay three hundred gold pieces, and the poor brother was to keep it 'till the fall harvesting was over, for he thought, “If I keep it as long as that, I can make it grind meat and drink that will last many years.”
During that time, the hand-mill was used a great deal. When it came time for the rich brother to get it, the other brother did not teach him how to stop it.
It was evening when the rich man brought the mill home, and in the morning he told his wife to go out and run errands, and that he would clean the house himself that day.
When dinnertime drew near, he set the mill on the kitchen table, and said, “Hand-mill, grind herrings and milk pottage, and do it both quickly and well.”
So the mill began to grind herrings and milk pottage. First, all the dishes, pots, and pans were filled, and then it flowed out all over the kitchen floor. The man twisted and turned the hand-mill and did all he could to make it stop. No matter what he did, the mill went on grinding; and in a short time the pottage rose so high that the man was afraid he'd drown in it.
So he threw open the parlor door, but it was not long before the mill had ground the parlor full too, and it was with difficulty and danger that the man got through the stream of pottage and got hold of the doorknob. When he wrenched the door open, he did not stay there long but ran out, and the herrings and pottage came after him and streamed out over everything.
Now his wife, who was just returning home, began to get hungry. She'd just started up the hill by her home when she ran into the herrings and pottage, pouring in rivers out of the house, and her husband running in front of the flood.
“Take care that you are not drowned in the pottage!” he cried.
The rich brother ran to where his brother lived. Then he begged him to take the mill back again. But the brother would not take it until the other paid him another three hundred gold pieces, which he agreed to do.
Now the poor brother had both the money and the mill again. So it was not long before he had a farmhouse much finer than his brother's. The mill ground him so much wealth that he covered his home with siding made of gold. The house was by the seashore, so it glittered far out to sea.
After many years, a skipper came by and asked to see the mill. He asked if it could make salt.
“Yes, it can make salt,” said the mill's owner. When the skipper heard that, he wished with all his might to have the mill because he was in the business of buying and selling salt. The skipper offered the man bags of gold and riches, even a stake in his trading business, but the man flatly refused.
That same night, the skipper snuck into the man's house to steal the mill. The skipper tucked the hand-mill under his arm and quickly left. Once on board his ship, he took the mill out. “Grind salt, and grind both quickly and well,” said the skipper.
So the mill began to grind salt, until it spouted out like water. When the skipper had filled the ship, he wanted to stop the mill, but no matter what he did, it went on grinding. The heap of salt grew higher and higher, until at last the ship sank like a stone to the bottom of the ocean.
And to this day, the mill remains at the bottom of the sea and grinds on. If anyone ever asks, that is why the sea is salty!
