This view of Earth’s horizon as the sun sets over the Pacific Ocean was taken by an Expedition 7 crew member onboard the International Space Station (ISS). Anvil tops of thunderclouds are also visible. (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
IF FRESH WATER FLOWS OUT TO THE SEA, WHY IS THE SEA STILL SALTY?...
The Mississippi, Amazon, and Yukon Rivers empty respectively into the Gulf of Mexico, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Pacific Ocean, all of which are salty. Why aren’t the oceans as fresh as the river waters that empty into them? Because the saltiness of the ocean is the result of several natural influences and processes, the salt load of the streams entering the ocean is just one of these factors.
In the beginning the primeval seas must have been only slightly salty. But ever since the first rains descended upon the young Earth hundreds of millions of years ago and ran over the land breaking up rocks and transporting their minerals to the seas, the ocean has become saltier. It is estimated that the rivers and streams flowing from the United States alone discharge 225 million tons of dissolved solids and 513 million tons of suspended sediment annually to the sea. Recent calculations show yields of dissolved solids from other land masses that range from about 6 tons per square mile for Australia to about 120 tons per square mile for Europe. Throughout the world, rivers carry an estimated 4 billion tons of dissolved salts to the ocean annually. About the same tonnage of salt from the ocean water probably is deposited as sediment on the ocean bottom, and thus, yearly gains may offset yearly losses. In other words, the oceans today probably have a balanced salt input and outgo.
Past accumulations of dissolved and suspended solids in the sea do not explain completely why the ocean is salty. Salts become concentrated in the sea because the Sun’s heat distills or vaporizes almost pure water from the surface of the sea and leaves the salts behind. This process is part of the continual exchange of water between the Earth and the atmosphere that is called the hydrologic cycle. Water vapor rises from the ocean surface and is carried landward by the winds. When the vapor collides with a colder mass of air, it condenses (changes from a gas to a liquid) and falls to Earth as rain. The rain runs off into streams which in turn transport water to the ocean. Evaporation from both the land and the ocean again causes water to return to the atmosphere as vapor and the cycle starts anew. The ocean, then, is not fresh like river water because of the huge accumulation of salts by evaporation and the contribution of raw salts from the land. In fact, since the first rainfall, the seas have become saltier.
SEA WATER IS NOT SIMPLE…
Scientists have studied the ocean’s water for more than a century, but they still do not have a complete understanding of its chemical composition. This is partly due to the lack of precise methods and procedures for measuring the constituents in sea water. Some of the problems confronting scientists stem from the enormous size of the oceans, which cover about 70 percent of the Earth’s surface, and the complex chemical system inherent in a marine environment in which constituents of sea water have intermingled over vast periods of time. At least 72 chemical elements have been identified in sea water, most in extremely small amounts. Probably all the Earth’s naturally occurring elements exist in the sea. Elements may combine in various ways and form insoluble products (or precipitates) that sink to the ocean floor. But even these precipitates are subject to chemical alteration because of the overlying sea water which continues to exert its environmental influence. Continued ..
Related articles
