Current Column :  A saintly light
Why would a lightning-struck tree glow after being hit?  It is not on fire and does not give off heat, but glows. 
It was a dark and stormy night.  Chris emails  he  was walking in the woods  "a little after a thunderstorm" when he  noticed the tree.  The tree, shattered by an earlier lightning  stroke, stabbed the night like a broken pike.  An eerie glow extended ... Click to  continue
Slightly salty rain
Q: When the sun draws water from the ocean how come we don't get salt-water  rain? Elliot, Swansea, South Carolina
A:  The Sun draws water from the ocean only in the sense of heating the water enough  to evaporate it. The water molecules near the sea’s surface bop around. As the  Sun heats the water; the water molecules jiggle more. That’s what heating water  means — increasing the average speed of the molecules.
The Sun evaporates seawater and leaves the salt behind.  Photo courtesy  of John Bortniak, NOAA
Seawater also contains dissolved salt (sodium chloride), which is a  collection of electrically charged particles called ions. Sodium ions have a  positive and chloride ions a negative charge. Water molecules, coincidentally,  also have slight end charges — plus on one end and minus on the other. (The  overall charges of a molecule balance but the positive-charge and  negative-charge centers don’t coincide. This permanent mismatch charges the  ends.)
Salt ions drift around in the water and attract the oppositely-charged ends  of water molecules. So, electrical bonds lightly hold salt ions to water  molecules.
The Sun heats the water molecules, they jiggle faster and kick nearby water  molecules. The extra kick energy breaks the electrical bonds binding the water  molecules with salt ions, and careens the water molecules into the air. Almost  all the salt ions stay behind.
Salt also evaporates but at a much slower rate — negligible at sea  temperatures. So essentially no salt accompanies the water as it evaporates into  the air.
Salt, however, does enter the atmosphere, just not through evaporation.  Instead, it comes in as tiny salty water droplets — for example, via "bubbles  formed by breaking waves," says Craig  Bohren , author of Clouds in a Glass of Beer. "These droplets can evaporate,  leaving behind small salt grains."
So, when it rains, it rains salty water. Not very salty — not enough to  taste, but still salty. In fact, "cloud droplets form by condensation of water  vapor on small soluble particles, often salt (sodium chloride)," says Bohren. "These droplets can coalesce to form much larger rain drops.
Of course, much more junk makes its way into our atmosphere and rains out — "disintegrating micrometeorites, industrial pollution, dust, and an occasional  small frog or fish that gets picked up by a particularly energetic storm," says Bob Harbort of Southern Polytechnic State University
Further Reading:
