Our Changing Planet - Twelve Indicators of Climate Change
Earth's Ocean
Earth's ocean covers more than 70% of our planet's surface. There are five major ocean basins. The Pacific   Ocean is the largest. It’s so large that it covers a third of the  Earth's surface. The Atlantic Ocean is east of the Americas  and west of Europe and Africa. The Indian  Ocean is south of Asia and the Middle East and east of Africa.    The Arctic Ocean is in the north polar region .  The Southern Ocean surrounds Antarctica in  the south polar region.
Seawater is salty. Anyone who has taken a gulp of water while  swimming in the ocean knows that. The saltiness of the water is called salinity .  The chemistry of the  seawater includes more than salt. It depends on what become dissolved in it over time.
Ocean water is always moving .  It moves around surface ocean currents in the  upper 400 meters of the ocean.  Water moves around the ocean by upwelling , a  process that brings water from the deep ocean to shallow areas, as well as downwelling, a process that sends water from the surface to the deep ocean. Currents along coastlines move water as well as sand. Moving water transports heat from the Sun  around the planet, which has an effect on climate. Complex climate models called coupled ocean-atmosphere models take into account both the atmosphere  and the ocean to describe the Earth.
Each day ocean water moves with the tides , shifting where  the water meets the shore in an endless cycle. Tidal cycles are perhaps most easy  to see at estuaries . The ocean's tides are one type of tide created by gravitational force.
Over a long time water circulates from the deep ocean to  shallow ocean and back again to the deep. This circulation of seawater is called the global  ocean conveyor or thermohaline circulation .   As Earth’s climate warms the global ocean conveyor might change its  pattern.
The height of the ocean surface is called sea level .  Over a long time, sea level can change for a  number of reasons. Today sea level is  rising rapidly as Earth’s climate warms.
Coral reefs are affected as the ocean changes because of global warming and other  changes such as pollution.  As the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide becomes  dissolved in seawater the ocean becomes more acidic , which is harmful to corals and other marine life .
Last modified February 15, 2011 by Jennifer Bergman .
Shop Windows to the Universe Science Store!
The Summer 2010 issue of The Earth Scientist , available in our online store , includes articles on rivers and snow, classroom planetariums, satellites and oceanography, hands-on astronomy, and global warming.
Windows to the Universe Community
News
