Answers. 41 helpful answers below.
by Athrael on August 10th, 2011
Asker's Pick
Selected by the asker, wickedwillie. ( What's this? )
Asker's Pick
On Answerbag, the member who originally submits a question can identify the answers that he or she finds most valuable. "Asker's Pick" answers show you which answers best addressed the question on the original submitter's mind.
Because it has salt is the 'easy' answer.
How that salt got in there is through millions of years of the water cycle.
Most soil on the surface of the earth has salts in it. Water evaporates from bodies of water, is carried in the form of water vapor/clouds inland, rains and then the rain water proceeds to percolate through the soils, leeching the salts (and other stuff) into lakes and rivers which carry the salts down to the sea where it accumulates over time.
Way back when the earth formed and cooled the water of the ocean was not as salty.
The oceans contain about 35 parts salt to 1000 parts water.
During the Paleocene it was close to 18 parts salt per 1000 parts water.
In future, assuming that there are not any major shifts in the plates, we can expect the salinity to reach about 50 parts of salts per 1000 part water.
However due to how the plates move, and due to subduction, salts and minerals that 'settle' out and sink to the ocean floor (attached with the eons of debris) are carried to subduction zones and are slowly recycled back into the mantel. A much larger portion is in the form of salt water which is pushed into the subduction zone, the salts precipitate out (due to heating of the water) getting 'stuck' in the soils that are being subducted.
The material of the mantel slowly makes its way to volcanoes which erupt dumping magma (now lava since its on the surface). Rains come, erode the 'new' rock and the water carries the 'new' mineral salts to the sea.
Today such factors as ice melting is affecting the salinity of the oceans, thus measuring the salinity real time and accurately has become a method to gauge climate change and glacier melt.
