Usman | Feb 04, 2011 | Comments 0
Is The Ocean Salty Because Of Whale Sperm  WTF
no; As water flows in rivers, it picks up small amounts of mineral salts from the rocks and soil of the river beds. This very-slightly salty water flows into the oceans and seas. The water in the oceans only leaves by evaporating (and the freezing of polar ice), but the salt remains dissolved in the ocean – it does not evaporate. So the remaining water gets saltier and saltier as time passes.
FW: Don’t drink the sea water… read below first….
The average blue whale produces over 400 gallons of sperm when it ejaculates, but only 10% of that actually makes it into his mate. So 360 gallons are spilled into the ocean every time one unloads, and you wonder why the ocean is so salty..
Is The Ocean Salty Because Of Whale Sperm  WTF
is the ocean salty because of whale sperm – is the ocean salty because of whale sperm articles
Is the ocean salty because of whale sperm? Is sea water salty because of whale sperm? Does whale seman make the ocean salty? Does whale sperm turn the ocean salty?
i heard it is … Yes, whale sperm is the reason why the ocean is so salty. And the salt does not just come from whale sperm.
According to this forwarded email, a typical blue whale produces over 400 gallons of sperm when it ejaculates… and you wonder why the ocean is so salty!
Why is the ocean salty? “Jersey Shore’s” Snooki says that the “sperm whale”
If Snooki America says something, it is clear that we do.
On Thursday (February 3) episode of “Jersey Shore”star Nicole Snooki “Polizzi was hanging out with gorillas guido this week when she explained to him that ocean water is salty, because waiting, sperm whale. Boom!
She said: “Everybody is Google.” And guess what? America has descended on their computers and made it the No. 1 Google trend. PTC and is concerned about MTV’s “Skins” and what it does for the youth of America?
Well, sorry, Snooks, but you’re wrong. According to the USGS, the salt in our oceans are due to run-off of rocks on land. Rain is slightly acidic and wear the surface of rocks into small salt ions, then the ocean by rivers and streams.
However, some credit for Snooks. We are confident sperm whale should be responsible for part of the salinity in the water. But, we are not scientists or anything.
You May Also Like :
Why is the Ocean Salty
MTV's "Jersey Shore" Why is the ocean salty? Why does Snooki hate?  Why is the ocean salty? Sn ...
Tight Argument
Tight Argument:“You could make a fairly tight argument to say that it is the single greatest hea ...
How Many States Touch The Pacific Ocean
How Many States Touch The Pacific Ocean  There are five states the touch the pacific ocean. Ca ...
Straits Times
Centre can do better THOMSON Fertility Centre, which used the wrong sperm during an in-vitro fe ...
By
