Post a comment
Have you ever asked, "Why is the ocean salty?" Snookie from MTV's Jersey Shore sought to tell us all on tonight's episode. But does she really know what she's talking about?
On tonight's episode of Jersey Shore, Snooki tells us why she hates the ocean, "I f---in' hate the ocean. Too much whale sperm. Everybody Google it, because that's why the water is salty. F---in' whale sperm."
Snookster, I love ya girl, for real... but you're wrong about why the ocean is salty. It's a myth older than us and it's pretty disgusting, making it fun to carry on, but still a myth. The ocean is not salty due to whale sperm.
The USGS explains the real reason behind the salty ocean:
Salt in the ocean comes from rocks on land. Here's how it works:
The rain that falls on the land contains some dissolved carbon dioxide from the surrounding air. This causes the rainwater to be slightly acidic due to carbonic acid (which forms from carbon dioxide and water). The rain erodes the rock and the acid breaks down the rocks and carries it along in a dissolved state as ions. The ions in the runoff are carried to the streams and rivers to the ocean. Many of the dissolved ions are used by organisms in the ocean and are removed from the water. Others are not used up and are left for long periods of time where their concentrations increase over time.
As you can see, this has nothing at all to do with whales. The USGS goes on to explain that, "By some estimates, if the salt in the ocean could be removed and spread evenly over the Earth's land surface it would form a layer more than 500 feet (166 m) thick, about the height of a 40-story office building."
As you can tell from this brief explanation, sea water is not simple. Scientists have been studying ocean water for a great number of years and yet to figure it all out. We still haven't completely figured Snooki out either but one thing is for certain, when compared to the ocean, the 23 year old is as simple as they come.
Maybe you don't like the ocean, Snooki. Or maybe you just didn't like Jeff enough to enter the ocean with him but it's not the whales to blame. Chalk it up to personal tastes but don't blame the whales. Personally, I hate swimming pools, especially public pools. They have too much chlorine and the chemicals dry out my skin and my hair. Not to mention my hair is a real mess after swimming- whoa frizz!
It's okay, Snooki, some girls like us just aren't meant for taking dips in the ocean or pools. It's ok to fess up to it; next time just don't blame the whales.
Published by Lisa Mason
Lisa Mason is a freelance writer and social media marketer with more than 10 years of experience. As VP of Special Media for Social Media Sun, she makes sure that readers have access to the most relevant and...   View profile
