Може морської води заморозити (Ukranian translation of " Can Seawater Freeze?" by Galina Miclosic)
Grade Level: Middle
Time: Four 45 minute class periods
Content Standard: NSES Physical Science, properties and changes of properties in matter.
Ocean Literacy Principle 1e: Most of Earth's water (97%) is in the ocean. Seawater has unique properties: it is saline, its freezing point is slightly lower than fresh water, its density is slightly higher, its electrical conductivity is much higher, and it is slightly basic.
Big Idea
Salt causes water to freeze at a lower temperature. Sea ice forms only under very cold conditions (e.g., near Earth’s poles) because of its salinity (i.e., presence of dissolved salt).
Key Concepts
Dissolving any substance in pure water raises or lowers the freezing and boiling point.
When water freezes - goes from the liquid state to the solid state - its molecules go from a disorganized state to an organized state.
When water freezes to a solid, molecular motion slows down enough that the molecules become permanently fixed in an orderly arrangement called a crystal.
The individual particles that make up salt (known as ions) arrange themselves around the water molecules. In doing so, they shield the water molecules from interactions among themselves, making it less likely that they will find each other and form ice.
The water molecules have to be slowed down even more in the presence of salt in order to form a solid.   So you have to go to a lower temperature in order to freeze water that contains salt.
Salt is excluded in the formation of ice; therefore ice made from salt water is essentially salt-free.
Salt water is denser than freshwater because of its salt content, and, as a result, an object is more buoyant in the ocean than in a freshwater lake. The density of salt water depends on its salinity and varies around the world.
Essential Questions
What happens to water when it freezes?
How is salt used in our everyday lives?
Why don't the oceans freeze?
If oceans don't freeze, where do icebergs come from?
Are icebergs salty? Is sea ice salty?
Will an object float in saltwater and freshwater in the same way?
Knowledge and Skills
Demonstrate how salt affects ice by forming a hypothesis,  experimenting with salt, ice, and water, and recording the results.
Describe why salt water freezes at a lower temperature than fresh water.
Conduct an experiment that demonstrates how salt is left behind as salt water freezes, and that this process forms brine.
Learn that ice is essentially salt-free whether it is formed from fresh or salt water.
Explain the differences between sea ice and icebergs.
Demonstrate and explain why ice floats higher in salt water than in fresh water.
Prior Knowledge
The salt in seawater comes from the weathering of earth's land surface.
Salinity is the measure of the amount of dissolved salts in seawater
Water can be a liquid or a solid and can go back and forth from one form to the other.
When liquid water disappears, it turns into a gas (vapor) in the air and can reappear as a liquid when cooled, or as a solid if cooled below the freezing point of water.
Ocean icebergs originate from land glaciers.
Common Preconceptions
The freezing point (and boiling point) of substances is fixed points and never varies.
Water never gets colder than 0 °C.
Salt is dissolved in seawater and therefore salt must be included in sea ice.
Concept Map
This lesson and activity relates to the branch "Phases of Water" from the comprehensive Aquarius Concept Map: Water and its patterns on Earth's Surface
Activity 1: Salt Content Changes the Freezing Point of Water
Background
Under normal conditions, ordinary fresh water freezes and melts at 0°C, or 32°F. If water and ice are at 0°C, which is the melting point of ice and the freezing point     of water then molecules of ice are escaping into the water (melting), and molecules of water are being captured on the surface of the ice (freezing).
When the rate of freezing is the same as the rate of melting, the amount of ice and the amount of water won't change. The ice and water are said to be in dynamic equilibrium     with each other, therefore there is no net change in either quantity. This balance will be maintained as long as the water stays at 0°C, or unless something happens     to favor one of the processes over the other. For example, when the water temperature is dropped to -10°C the molecules of water are moving more slowly, i.e. they contain less     heat. These slower-moving water molecules are more easily captured by the ice, and freezing occurs at a greater rate than melting. Because there are more water molecules     being captured by the ice (being frozen) than there are ice molecules turning to water, the net result is that the amount of water decreases, and the amount of ice increases.
Adding salt disrupts the equilibrium. The individual particles that make up salt (known as ions) arrange themselves around the water molecules. In doing so, they shield the     water molecules from interactions among themselves, making it less likely that they will find each other and form ice.  This means that the number of water molecules captured by     the ice (frozen) is reduced, so the rate of freezing is also reduced.  The rate of melting of the ice is unchanged by the presence of the salt.
In order to return the system to equilibrium, where the number of molecules of water that are freezing is equal to the number of ice molecules that are melting (remember this     is the freezing/melting point), we must lower the temperature sufficiently to slow down the water molecules so that they can become part of the ice formation.
The higher the concentration of salt, the lower the freezing point drops. Any foreign substance, such as sugar, alcohol, or any chemical salt, added to the water, forms a     solute, which will lower the freezing point and melt ice.  This is why salt is used to melt snow and ice on roadways and sidewalks.  Salt is also inexpensive and readily available.     The melting action of salt forms brine, or a strong saline solution, that can penetrate below the surface of ice and packed snow. Brine prevents water from freezing     and bonding to a surface. When ice melts due to the presence of salt, heat is absorbed. This is called an endothermic reaction.
Does the size or quality of the salt placed into solution  affect the freezing/melting point, e.g. iodized table salt vs. kosher salt vs. rock salt? Actually it doesn't matter how they are     packaged or processed, once dissolved the salt molecules are so tiny compared to the distance they move through the liquid that size is not a factor.
Adapted from Worsley School Online
Materials
Per Student Group: 2 plastic beakers or similar containers,  crushed ice, 2 unfrozen "freeze   pops," measuring cup, thermometer, graph paper, rock salt, balance. Lab Safety Reminders: The freeze pops are not to be consumed if they are being used in a laboratory experiment. Also, use a plastic beaker or scoop to     distribute crushed ice, do not use a glass beaker to scoop the ice.
Preparation
This activity requires a significant amount of crushed ice. It is suggested that bags of crushed ice be purchased (if not available on site)     and stored in a cooler.  Distribute the materials to each student group.
Activity
Obtain two large beakers (1000 or 500 ml.) and fill them with equal weights of ice, about 2/3 full. Label the beakers A and B.
Place an unfrozen "freeze pop" in each of the beakers so that it is surrounded by ice. (Freeze pops are popsicles with a plastic wrap, and can be purchased in most grocery stores.)
Place a thermometer in each beaker and record the temperature of the ice. Students should take their temperature measurement once the ice has stabilized or after they've added it to the beaker (not during).
Mix 230 grams of rock salt with the ice in Beaker A. When adding the salt do so carefully to ensure that the salt is distributed throughout the beaker and to prevent piling up on top of the ice.
Record the temperatures in each of the beakers every 5 minutes for a total of 30 minutes. Graph temperature versus time for Beaker A and for Beaker B.
15 minutes into the experiment, pour another 115 grams of salt into Beaker A.
25 minutes into the experiment, pour another 115 grams of salt into Beaker A. Continue taking temperature readings until you have 30 minutes of data collected.
Examine the freeze pops at the end of the experiment, and determine which one has frozen and its degree of hardness. Record the results.
Assessment / Questions
Discuss why the salt-ice mixture produced a lower temperature than the ice with no salt added.
Explanation: Dissolving salt in water lowers the temperature at which     the water freezes, or at which the ice melts.  Melting ice takes heat energy from the surroundings; in this case, heat from the unfrozen "freeze pop" is transferred     to the colder brine mixture, helping to freeze the popsicle. The rate at which the ice melts depends on the rate at which heat energy flows in - the greater the temperature     difference, the faster the heat transfer will be. When ice melts, the amount of heat transfer is 80 calories per gram of water, regardless of the salinity. If the ice has salt     on it, it will melt at a lower temperature, and will be colder than ice melting without salt on it.
How might salt be used for food transportation? (For example, freight and refrigerator cars use ice and salt to cool foods.)
Ask students to think of other applications of salt-ice interactions for industrial uses or uses around their home or neighborhood. Students may have used salt to     deice sidewalks and driveways. Have students describe any observations they have seen of salt and ice interacting, or how they may use these principles in their lives.
Discuss why oceans tend to freeze at a lower temperature than freshwater bodies of water.
Activity 2
Background
Sea ice Sea ice is simply frozen ocean water. It forms, grows, and melts in the ocean. Sea ice forms in polar oceans, such as the Arctic (north) and Antarctic (south).     In the Arctic, there is a permanent mass of ice covering the region. Nearly all of the Southern Ocean or Antarctic sea ice is "seasonal ice," or     it melts away and reforms annually. While Arctic and Antarctic ice is of vital importance to the marine mammals and birds for which it is a habitat, sea ice in the Arctic     appears to play a more crucial role in regulating climate.
Sea ice forms a boundary between the relatively warm ocean and the cooler atmosphere.  Sea ice floats for the same reason the ice in your drinking glass floats. It is less dense in     the solid phase than it is in the liquid phase. Although sea ice is made from salty seawater, the salt molecules are rejected back into the liquid as ice forms, resulting in a     briny solution. There isn't much room for salt molecules to be trapped in the close-knit structure of ice.  Sea ice, like regular ice, is made of oxygen atoms and hydrogen atoms     that are joined together to form a rigid net or lattice. Hydrogen bonding provides ice with its unique properties. In all known forms of ice, the water molecules retain their     identities as distinct molecules and bond to other molecules by hydrogen bonding. Icebergs, glaciers, ice sheets, and ice shelves all originate on land (unlike sea ice). Icebergs are broken pieces of glaciers that originated from masses of snowfall on land.
So why are sea ice and icebergs important to scientists and to you? Even though sea ice occurs primarily in the polar regions, it influences our global climate.Sea ice is     important because it regulates exchanges of heat, moisture and salinity in the polar oceans. It insulates the relatively warm ocean water from the cold polar atmosphere except where     cracks, or leads,  in the ice allow exchange of heat and water vapor from ocean  to atmosphere in winter. Sea ice affects the movement of ocean waters. It can also be an obstacle to normal     shipping routes through the Northern Sea route and Northwest Passage. Sea ice also affects climate because of its high albedo or reflectivity. Finally, wildlife and people rely on sea     ice to hunt and travel.Glaciers can provide clues about the effects of global warming due to their sensitivity to temperature fluctuations. Increased iceberg calving is an important     indicator of climate change. Satellite imagery has allowed scientists to observe how icebergs in a remote corner of Antarctica can disrupt an entire marine ecosystem.
For the article "Satellite imagery shows how icebergs affect Antarctica's food chain" visit http://news-service.stanford.edu/news/2002/april24/icebergs-424.html .     For more information on how scientists study polar ice formation visit http://nsidc.org/sotc/sea_ice.html .     For a visual tutorial on water molecules and ice formation visit http://www.edinformatics.com/math_science/water_ice.htm .
Adapted from the National Snow and Ice Data Center
Materials
Per Student Group: 230 grams of ordinary table salt, balances, containers/boats for measuring salt, graduated cylinders, 2 plastic ice cube trays with divided watertight sections     (it's important that they are standard cube trays and will not create unusual shapes), tap water, thermometer, 12, beakers (at least 300 ml) or cut 2L plastic soda bottles,     metric ruler, graph paper, food coloring (optional) to color ice cubes to be used in buoyancy activity, Earth globe will be helpful during discussion.
Preparation
Students will need access to a freezer.
Activity 2a - Effects of Salinity on Freezing Rate
Ask the class to hypothesize about the affect of water salinity - or amount of salt - on the formation and buoyancy of sea ice. Do they think ice formed from salt water will freeze more quickly or more slowly than fresh water? Why? Do they think that sea ice (i.e., formed from salty water) will be more buoyant or less buoyant than ice formed from fresh water (e.g., icebergs)? Why? Do they think that the size of sea ice or icebergs affects their buoyancy (e.g., percentage above and below the water line)? Explain.
Label 12 jars as follows: 2 marked "A"; 2 marked "B"; 2 marked "C"; and 2 marked "D." In each jar mix salt and water solutions as follows:
In each jar marked "A": mix 128 grams salt with 250 mL water
In each jar marked "B": mix 85 g salt with 250 mL cup water
In each jar marked "C": mix 43 g salt with 250 mL cup water
In each jar marked "D": 250 mL pure tap waterNOTE:  One set of jars A-D will be used to fill an ice cube tray, it's not necessary to be exact. The other set of jars should be covered with lids, regardless of where they are stored, to preserve volume.  Put the second set in a refrigerator if available, otherwise set them aside in a cool, shaded area of the room.
Label each quarter section of both ice cube trays as sections A, B, C, and D.
Pour one set of solutions A - D into their labeled sections of the ice cube tray. Ask the students to make a variety of ice cube sizes using each solution. Place the tray in the freezer.
Using a data chart ( click to access "Freezer Experiment" table ), students observe and record water temperature and conditions after 1 hour, 24 hours, and 48 hours.
STOP! Review safety procedures at the bottom of this page.
Water temperatures are taken in the liquid water, under any ice formations, if present.  If not present, draw an "X" through that data entry.  Students should describe the quality of the ice formations including degree of solidity, color, texture, volume, layering, etc.
At the end of 48 hours and using graph paper, plot a line graph of temperatures.
Activity 2b - Buoyancy
Using the second set of solutions (A - D) that were set aside from Activity 2, conduct a series of buoyancy tests. On a data chart     ( click to access "Buoyancy Experiment" table ), test and record how well each kind of ice* (A, B, C, D) floats     in each solution (A, B, C, D). Students should use their own judgment on how to qualify the relative buoyancy of "icebergs" in each solution. (The teacher     could suggest a quantitative evaluation, using a metric ruler to measure in millimeters the visible height of ice above and below the water line. Convert     these measurements to percentages to account for discrepancies in uniformity of size and shape of the ice.)  *It may be helpful to initially add     food coloring to these ice cubes to aid visibility, however as the ice melts, the color will obscure the view.
Assessment / Questions
Did any solution not freeze?  If so, which one?  Compile a list of explanations on the board as students elaborate on why this one didn't freeze. (Although it depends upon the experimental conditions, the highest salt concentration, "A", will likely not completely freeze. Highly saline solutions such as this are called "brine.")
Which solution was first to freeze (usually "D" is the first to freeze)? Why? Compile a list of explanations on the board as students elaborate.
Explain what happens to the ability of water to freeze as you add more and more salt.  The graphed results should assist the students in their explanation. (The higher the salinity, the longer it takes to freeze. This is because the higher the salinity, the lower the freezing point.)
OPTIONAL: To access an interactive animation depicting the interaction of ice, water, and a solute (e.g., salt), visit the "General Chemistry Online!" webpage, "Why does salt melt ice?" (See here ).     Raise and lower the temperature and "add solute" by clicking on the banner below the "dancing" water molecules. Ask students how this animation relates to their experiment results.
Have groups discuss whether the findings confirm their initial hypotheses on salinity. (Students may have been surprised to find that salt water freezes more     slowly than fresh water and, when salt content is high enough, may not freeze at all.)
Have groups discuss whether the findings confirm their initial hypotheses on buoyancy. They be surprised to learn their ice cubes are most buoyant in the saltiest     solution, "A" in this case. Many will not have guessed that all the ice cubes would be free of salt and thus "ice type" did not affect buoyancy.     In addition, they may not have guessed that the size of the ice cube does not affect the percentage above and below the water line.
Ask students to design an experiment that would help them determine the salinity of ice cubes made from saltwater. Tasting should not be accepted as a method or strategy!
Is ice formed from salt water salty or fresh? (Fresh.) How does this relate to sea ice and icebergs in the Arctic and Antarctica? (Both sea ice and icebergs are essentially salt-free.) Click here to see: "Sea ice photos from the Arctic" and "Iceberg photos from the Antarctic" .     How can you explain differences in their physical appearance?  (The sea ice shown is thinner and flatter having formed from seawater; the icebergs are large and layered from years of snow accumulation.)  How does a warming climate affect the formation of sea ice? What effects might this have on people and animals that live in polar regions? How does warming affect the calving of glaciers into the ocean (i.e., formation of icebergs)?
Lab Safety Reminders: General Thermometer Use
No food items generally deemed edible are to be consumed if they are being used in a laboratory experiment.
Glass thermometers that are alcohol filled are recommended. If mercury thermometers must be used for purposes of higher accuracy, Teflon® coated are recommended.
Resistance thermometers, or temperature probes, should be considered as alternatives to glass
Never use a thermometer as a stirring device or swing or shake down a thermometer.
Never use an open flame on a thermometer bulb.
Use extreme care when inserting or removing a thermometer from a rubber stopper.
Choose a thermometer with an appropriate temperature range.
Use a plastic beaker or scoop to distribute ice.
Activity 1 is adapted with permission from the Salt Institute's activity "Salt: The Essence of Life." Activity 2 is adapted from UCLA Marine Science Center's OceanGLOBE "Density & Salinity Lesson Plan." Questions or comments? Contact Annette deCharon , Senior Science Educator and Aquarius EPO Manager.
Glossary
brine: Water saturated with or containing large amounts of a salt, especially sodium chloride.
buoyancy: In physics, an upward force on an object immersed in a fluid (i.e. a liquid or gas), enabling it to float or at least to appear to become lighter. If the buoyancy exceeds the weight, then the object floats; if the weight exceeds the buoyancy, the object sinks.
dynamic equilibrium: A dynamic equilibrium will form if, at a given temperature, two reversible processes occur at the same rate.
endothermic: In chemistry, a type of process that absorbs heat from its surroundings.
freezing point: Temperature at which a liquid of specified composition solidifies under a specified pressure.
glacier: A large mass of ice, formed from compacted snow, whose sides are often bounded by mountains or the walls of a valley. Ice sheets or caps, also formed from compacted snow, are so massive that they cover entire landscapes, mountains as well as valleys. Where glaciers and ice sheets flow slowly toward the sea chunks may break off and produce icebergs.
hypothesis: A proposed explanation for a phenomenon.
iceberg: A floating body of ice broken off a glacier. About 10 percent of its mass lies above the water surface.
polar: Located at or near the earth's North or South pole.
salinity: A measure of the quantity of dissolved solids in ocean water. In general, salinity reflects the total amount of dissolved solids in ocean water in parts per thousand by weight after all carbonate has been converted to oxide, the bromide and iodide to chloride, and all the organic matter oxidized.
sea ice: Ice that is formed by the freezing of sea water.
solute: A substance dissolved in another substance (the solvent) to create a solution.
