1.1
CORAL REEFS—A SPECIAL OCEAN HABITAT
A coral reef is a submerged ridge near the surface of the water made up not only of colonies of coral animals that secrete hard skeletons but also of other aquatic organisms such as algae, mollusks, and worms. Coral reefs are among the richest marine ecosystems in terms of beauty, species, productivity, biomass (the amount of living matter), and structural complexity. They are dependent on intricate interactions between the coral, which provides the structural framework, and the organisms that live among the coral. Most reefs form as long narrow ribbons along the edge between shallow and deep waters, and their assets are many: fisheries for food, income from tourism and recreation, materials for new medicines, and shoreline protection from coastal storms.
Coral Reef Structure
Corals are simple, bottom-dwelling organisms related to the sea anemone and jellyfish. The basic building block of coral is a polyp, a tiny animal that has a common opening used to take in food and excrete wastes and is surrounded by a ring of tentacles. The weak stinging cells of the tentacles are used to capture small zoo-plankton (minute floating aquatic animals) for food. Each polyp sits in its own tiny bowl of calcium carbonate (its skeleton), which the coral constantly builds as it grows up from the ocean floor. Reef-building corals live in large colonies formed by the repeated divisions of genetically identical polyps, although many species of coral animals are represented within the reef. The colonies can take a wide variety of shapes, including branched, leafy, or massive forms, which may grow continuously for thousands of years.
Inside the sac of each coral polyp lives a single-celled algae. The algae give off oxygen and nutrients the coral uses to grow, and the coral gives off carbon dioxide and other substances the algae uses. Such a living situation is called symbiosis—the living together of two dissimilar organisms with mutual benefit.
Because of their dependence on symbiotic algae, coral reefs can grow only under conditions favoring the algae. Coral reefs are confined to tropical waters because the algae require warm, shallow, well-lit waters that are free of turbidity and pollution.
Coral Reefs—Ecosystems at Risk
The proximity of coral reefs to land makes them particularly vulnerable to the effects of human actions. Because they depend on light, coral reefs can be severely damaged by silt, which leads to an overgrowth of seaweed and other factors that reduce water clarity and quality. Sport diving and overfishing for food and the aquarium trade can deplete species and damage coral, resulting in disruption to the intricate interactions among reef species, as well as coral decline. (Overfishing means that so many fish are harvested that the natural breeding stock is depleted.) Introduction of exotic species through human activity can be devastating as the new predators consume the living reefs.
NOAA notes in "Major Reef-Building Coral Diseases" (January 23, 2007, http://www.coris.noaa.gov/about/diseases/) that along with becoming infected by bacteria or developing diseases of unknown causes, corals may respond to stress and damage with a condition known as coral bleaching. The coral expels the microscopic algae that normally live within its cells and provide the coral with their color, their ability to rapidly grow skeleton, and much of their food. The bleached coral turns pale, transparent, or unusual colors and then starves because it is unable to feed or reproduce. Increased bleaching is an early warning sign of deteriorating health and can be caused by extremes of light, temperature, or salinity.
Natural events, such as hurricanes, can also damage coral reefs. Healthy reefs generally recover from such damage, but unhealthy reefs often do not. In "Hazards to Coral Reefs" (January 23, 2007, http://www.coris.noaa.gov/about/hazards/), NOAA warns, "Current estimates note that 10 percent of all coral reefs are degraded beyond recovery. Thirty percent are in critical condition and may die within 10 to 20 years. Experts predict that if current pressures are allowed to continue unabated, 60 percent of the world's coral reefs may die completely by 2050."
Coral Reefs in the United States
The EPA notes in the 2000 National Water Quality Inventory (August 2002, http://www.epa.gov/305b/2000report/chp4.pdf) that coral reefs are found in only three places in the United States: Florida (primarily in the Florida Keys), throughout the Hawaiian archipelago, and in the offshore Flower Gardens of Texas. The Florida reef system is part of the Caribbean reef system, the third largest barrier-reef ecosystem in the world. Five U.S. territories—American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands—also have lush reef areas. Figure 6.3 shows that the northwestern Hawaiian Islands make up 69% of the country's coral reef areas, by far the largest percentage in the United States and its territories.
Many U.S. coral reefs have been designated as marine sanctuaries with varying degrees of protection. The full extent and condition of most of these coral reefs is only beginning to be studied as a special area of focus.
In September 2002 NOAA released the first national assessment of the condition of coral reefs in the United States. The report, The State of Coral Reef Ecosystems of the United States and Pacific Freely Associated States: 2002 (http://www.nccos.noaa.gov/documents/status_coralreef.pdf), was prepared under the auspices of the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force and established a baseline that is used for biennial reports on the health of coral reefs in the United States. NOAA also released the report A National Coral Reef Action Strategy (September 2002,  http://www.coris.noaa.gov/activities/actionstrategy/) to Congress outlining specific action to address thirteen major goals, including the continuation of mapping and monitoring, to protect coral reefs.
According to the State of Coral Reef Ecosystems of the United States and Pacific Freely Associated States, there are an estimated 7,607 miles of U.S. reefs and a range of 4,479 to 31,470 miles of reefs off the Freely Associated States. (The United States and Freely Associated States refer to fourteen jurisdictions that contain coral reef ecosystems, which are listed in Figure 6.4.) The report notes that an estimated 27% of the world's shallow water coral reefs may already be beyond recovery, and about 66% are severely degraded. The report also indicates that in all areas some coral reefs in the United States are in good to excellent health. However, every reef system is suffering from both human and natural disturbances. These reefs suffer from the same problems as do reefs all over the world, especially those resulting from rapidly growing coastal populations. The report states that 10.5 million people now live in U.S. coastal areas next to shallow coral reefs, and every year about 45 million people visit the areas.
Florida and the U.S. Caribbean were considered to be in the most unfavorable condition, mainly because of nearby dense populations and the effects of hurricanes, disease, overfishing, and a proliferation of algae. The NOAA report indicates that live coral cover in the Florida Keys has declined 37% since 1997. Since 1982, white-band disease has killed nearly all the elkhorn and staghorn   corals off the coasts of St. Croix (U.S. Virgin Islands), Puerto Rico, and southeastern Florida.
In August 2005 NOAA released the second national assessment of the condition of coral reefs in the United States, The State of Coral Reef Ecosystems of the United States and Pacific Freely Associated States: 2005, (http://ccma.nos.noaa.gov/ecosystems/coralreef/coral_report_2005/CoralReport2005_C.pdf), which was edited by Jenny E. Waddell. Waddell notes progress in building a mapping and monitoring system. She also indicates that many local action strategies have been developed to counter threats to coral reefs, especially in priority threat areas. In separate chapters, each reporting area describes in quantitative detail the state of the coral reefs in their area. This differs from the more general qualitative (descriptive) nature of the first report.
A summary of a comparison between the 2002 and 2004 perceived levels of threat to coral reef ecosystems is shown in Figure 6.4. The rows compare each jurisdiction for all threat categories for 2002 and 2004. In Florida, for example, the threat level in each threat category remained the same from 2002 to 2004, except for the "other" category. Thus, the composite trend rose by one point from 2002 to 2004, as shown in the far right column, resulting in a increase of threat overall (arrow).
The columns compare each threat category for all jurisdictions for 2002 and 2004. For example, climate change, diseases, tropical storms, and fishing increased in threat level over those two years across all jurisdictions. However, eight of fourteen threat categories were perceived to have decreased in severity since 2002.
NEARSHORE WATERS
Nearshore waters are shallow waters a short distance from the shore in lakes, rivers, estuaries, and the ocean. Depending on the size of the water body, the nearshore waters may be minimal in size (a small lake) or large (the coastal waters of the Atlantic Ocean). They reflect the conditions and activities within the watershed. A watershed is an area in which water, sediments, and dissolved materials drain to a common outlet, such as a lake, river, estuary, or the ocean.
Whether marine, estuarine, or fresh, nearshore waters serve a variety of functions. They are the prime recreational waters, providing opportunities for swimming, boating, diving, surfing, snorkeling, and fishing. Nearshore waters are intimately linked with wetlands and sea grasses and provide a unique habitat for a variety of plants and animals. According to the EPA, in "Nearshore Waters and Your Coastal Watershed" (July 1998, http://www.epa.gov/owow/oceans/factsheets/fact3.html), these waters are the source of food and shelter for many species of fish and shellfish and provide habitat for 80% of the fish species in the United States. Nearshore waters also provide many opportunities for education and research for students, naturalists, and scientists.
Because of their proximity to the shoreline, nearshore waters are particularly vulnerable to pollution. As a result, water quality in most confined waters and some nearshore waters is deteriorating, which in turn affects the plant and animal life. Besides pollution, nearshore waters are vulnerable to the everyday (and to all appearances, harmless) activities of people. For example, swimming has been restricted in some shallow lagoons with coral reefs and beautiful beaches because heavy use by swimmers resulted in chemical concentrations of suntan oil and sunblock lotion in the water that was high enough to kill or impair the coral reefs. Wakes from recreational powerboats in high-use areas have been shown to increase wave action, resulting in increased shoreline erosion. Increased pollutant levels from boat paints, spills during refueling, and leaks of gas and oil from recreational boat engines in areas of high recreational use affect both plants and animals. Private pier and boathouse construction result in shading of water, which contributes to sea grass decline. Balancing the need to accommodate the public's desire to enjoy water-related activities and ownership of waterfront property and the need to protect nearshore waters is a difficult management issue.
Estuaries
Estuaries are places of transition, where rivers meet the sea. An estuary is a partially enclosed body of water formed where freshwater from rivers flows into the ocean, mixing with the salty seawater. As mentioned earlier, salinity in estuaries varies from slightly brackish (0.5 to 5 ppt) at the freshwater end to moderately brackish (5 to 18 ppt), to highly saline (19 ppt or more) near the ocean. Although influenced by the tides, estuaries are protected from the full force of ocean waves, winds, and storms by reefs, barrier islands, or fingers of land, mud, or sand that make up their seaward boundary. Estuaries come in all shapes and sizes. Examples include the Chesapeake Bay, Puget Sound, Boston Harbor, San Francisco Bay, and Tampa Bay. In "The National Estuary Program: A Ten Year Perspective" (October 4, 2006, http://www.epa.gov/owow/estuaries/aniv.htm), the EPA states that there are approximately 130 estuaries in the United States.
The tidal sheltered waters of estuaries support unique communities of plants and animals that are specially adapted for life under a wide range of conditions. Estuarine environments are incredibly productive, producing more organic matter annually than any equal-sized area of forest (including rain forests), grassland, or cropland. A wide range of habitats exists around and in estuaries, including shallow open water, tidal pools, sandy beaches,  mud and sand flats, freshwater and salt marshes, rocky shores, oyster reefs, mangrove forests, river deltas, wooded swamps, and kelp and sea grass beds.
NATIONAL ESTUARY PROGRAM
The Water Quality Act of 1987 created the National Estuary Program (NEP) to help achieve long-term protection of living resources and water quality (the basic "fishable/swimmable" goal of the Clean Water Act) in estuaries. To improve an estuary, the NEP brings together community members to define program goals and objectives, identify estuary problems, and design action plans to prevent or control pollution, while restoring habitats and living resources such as shellfish. This approach results in the adoption of a comprehensive conservation and management plan for implementation in each estuary. This integrated watershed-based, stakeholder-oriented, water resource management approach has led to some significant local environmental improvements since its founding. The EPA notes in "National Estuary Program" that in 1987 the NEP consisted of six estuary programs located throughout the nation; in 2006 there were twenty-eight estuary programs in eighteen states and Puerto Rico.
In "National Estuary Program Success Stories" (December 12, 2006, http://www.epa.gov/owow/estuaries/success.htm), the EPA mentions several NEP successes. Two examples of environmental improvement resulting from the NEP can be found in the Leffis Key and Corpus Christi projects. The Leffis Key restoration project in Sarasota Bay, Florida, resulted in thirty acres of productive intertidal habitat being created and planted with more than fifty thousand native plants and trees at a cost of $315,000. In Corpus Christi Bay, Texas, treated biosolids were applied to a twenty-five-acre plot of aluminum mine tailings, resulting in plant growth promotion, wildlife habitat, and improved water quality. Biosolids are composed of sewage sludge that has been properly treated and processed to make a nutrient-rich material that can be safely recycled and applied as fertilizer.
CHESAPEAKE BAY PROGRAM
According to the Chesapeake Bay Program Office (August 19, 2003, http://www.chesapeakebay.net/info/bayfaq.cfm#big), the Chesapeake Bay (the Bay) is the largest estuary in North America and one of the most productive estuaries in the world. It has a sixty-four-thousand-square-mile watershed that encompasses six states and the District of Columbia. Its watershed is home to more than fifteen million people and thirty-six hundred species of plants and animals. The Bay has over 11,600 miles of shoreline and averages 21 feet deep, with hundreds of thousands of acres of shallow water. It is two hundred miles long and thirty-five miles wide at its widest point.
The first estuary in the United States to be targeted for restoration and protection, the Bay is protected under its own federally mandated program, separate from the NEP. The Chesapeake Bay Program (2007, http://www.chesapeakebay.net/) began in 1983 with a meeting of the governors of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia; the mayor of the District of Columbia; and the EPA administrator. These individuals signed the Chesapeake Bay Agreement committing their states and the District of Columbia to prepare plans for protecting and improving water quality and living resources in the Chesapeake Bay. The Chesapeake Bay Program evolved as the institutional mechanism to restore the Bay and to meet the goals of the Chesapeake Bay Agreement.
Although great progress has been made in the Chesapeake Bay restoration, much remained to be done by early 2007. The editorial "A Cleaner Bay, a Step at a Time" (Salisbury Daily Times, February 8, 2007) notes that increased population growth in the Chesapeake Bay area is contributing to ongoing problems in the estuary. The editorial sums up the work still needed to meet a 2010 cleanup deadline:
About 1 million failing septic tanks across the regional watershed need to be dug up and repaired.
Farmers—some 80,000 of them—would have to make expensive and radical changes to the way they manage their land and their fertilizer application.
Hundreds of municipal and private sewage plants would have to be overhauled, costing millions of dollars each.
In all, about $28 billion would have to be spent, or double the $14 billion already being devoted toward the restoration effort.
CONDITION OF THE NATION'S ESTUARIES
The EPA, NOAA, the USGS, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, coastal states, and the National Estuary Programs coordinate efforts to produce the National Coastal Condition Report, which describes the ecological and environmental conditions in U.S. coastal waters, including estuaries. The most recent report is the National Coastal Condition Report II (2005) (December 2004, http://www.epa.gov/owow/oceans/nccr/2005/downloads.html). Figure 6.5 is a summary graphic from this report and shows the overall national coastal condition for estuaries.
The report uses five indicators of estuarine condition. (See Figure 6.5.) For each indicator, researchers assessed the condition at 2,073 estuary sites in the "lower 48" states between 1997 and 2000. The second step was to assign a regional rating. The water quality index consists of indicators such as nitrogen and phosphorus levels, water clarity, and level of dissolved oxygen. The sediment quality index refers to the level of contamination of the sediment with toxic chemicals. The benthic index refers to organisms that live at the bottom of estuaries. A good benthic index is one in which a wide variety of   benthic species are found, of which there are few pollution-tolerant species and several pollution-sensitive species that are found. The coastal habitat index is an assessment of the loss of wetland areas (the terrestrial-aquatic interface) of estuarine ecosystems. The fish tissue index refers to levels of chemical contaminants within fish.
The National Coastal Condition Report II states that "the overall condition of estuaries in the United States is fair." The report also notes that estuaries in the Northeast have poorer water quality conditions than those in other regions of the country. The sediment quality index is poor in the estuaries of the Great Lakes, the Northeast,   and Puerto Rico. The benthic index is also poor in the Northeast and Puerto Rico. For estuaries along the northeastern coast, only the coastal habitat index has a good rating.
Figure 6.6 shows percentages of estuary area in the United States (excluding the Great Lakes) that is impaired, threatened, or unimpaired for human or aquatic life uses. Impaired human use means that fish are contaminated in those waters and are not acceptable to eat. Impaired aquatic life use means that the benthic index is poor. Threatened use correlates with a fair condition. Twenty-one percent of estuaries are unimpaired for human and/or aquatic life uses. Forty-four percent is threatened for both uses. Fifteen percent are impaired for both uses.
U.S. WATERWAYS
The EPA, states, tribes, and other federal agencies are collaborating on a new process to monitor the nation's waterways. Following the publication of the 2000 National Water Quality Inventory, the EPA entered a transition period in the gathering and analysis of water quality data in nationally consistent, statistically valid assessment reports. The EPA article "Schedule for Statistically Valid Surveys of the Nation's Waters" (December 5, 2005, http://www.epa.gov/owow/monitoring/guide.pdf) details its new reporting schedule.
In the 2000 National Water Quality Inventory, the EPA reports that fourteen of the twenty-seven coastal states and territories had rated the water quality of some  of their coastal waters in 2000. The states had assessed 14% of the 22,618 miles of national coastline excluding Alaska, or 5.5% (3,221 miles) of ocean shoreline (including Alaska's 36,000 miles of coastline). Of the 14% of ocean waters assessed, 79% fully supported their designated uses, 14% were impaired, and 7% were supporting uses but threatened. Designated uses (such as fishing and drinking water supply) are the beneficial water uses assigned to each water body by a state as part of its water quality standards.
The EPA reports in the 2000 National Water Quality Inventory that bacteria (pathogens, which are disease-causing organisms) were identified as the leading contaminants of ocean shoreline waters, followed by oxygen-depleting substances and turbidity (cloudiness) in 2000. (See Figure 6.7.) Bacteria provide evidence of possible fecal contamination   that may cause illness. States use bacterial indicators to determine if oceans are safe for swimming or secondary contact recreation, such as waterskiing. Figure 1.5 in Chapter 1 shows the pathways of bacteria to surface waters. The most common sources of bacteria are urban runoff, inadequately treated human sewage, and runoff from pastures and feedlots (nonpoint sources), all of which were identified by several states as leading sources of ocean shoreline impairment. (See Figure 6.8.)
Turbidity, which is a measure of the relative clarity of water, is caused by suspended matter or other impurities that make the water look cloudy. These impurities may include clay, silt, finely divided organic and inorganic matter, plankton, and other microscopic organisms. It interferes with the transmission of light to underwater grasses and other plant life in need of this light. If the transmission of light is reduced because of heavy silt in the water, this can smother bottom-dwelling organisms such as oysters. Turbidity was responsible for more than 10% of the impaired ocean shoreline miles reported to the EPA in 2000. (See Figure 6.7.) Three of the leading sources of ocean impairment are also contributors to turbidity: runoff from highly developed urban areas, agricultural activities (nonpoint sources), and construction projects. (See Figure 6.8.)
The EPA reports in the 2000 National Water Quality Inventory that most of the ocean waters assessed supported the five general-use categories shown for estuaries: aquatic life support, fish consumption, shellfishing, primary contact, and secondary contact. These categories represent summaries of the designated uses and their achievement provided by the states to the EPA. Waters that either support their designated uses only part of the time or do not support their uses at all are considered impaired. Good water quality supports primary contact (swimming without risk to public health) in 85% of the assessed ocean waters (the same percentage for use support in estuaries) and fish consumption (fish safe to eat) in 91% (compared with 52% of use support in estuaries).
In 94% of the waters assessed, the water was considered of good quality and capable of supporting aquatic life (suitable habitat for protection and propagation of desirable fish, shellfish, and other aquatic organisms). In the shellfish harvesting summary (water quality supports a population of bivalves free from toxicants and pathogens that can pose a health risk to people who eat them), 86% of the ocean waters assessed had good water quality that supported this use. In addition, good water quality in 91% of the ocean waters assessed supported secondary contact recreation (people can perform water-based activities such as waterskiing and boating without risk of adverse human health effects).
BEACHES
Beach closings take place hundreds of times each year to protect the public from possible exposure to pathogens. The bacteria that cause the closings are generally harmless, but they are present in large numbers in human and animal sewage. Their presence indicates the possible presence of disease-causing organisms.
The most common problem caused by swimming in contaminated water is gastroenteritis, which is contracted by swallowing water while swimming and can result in diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, and cramps. Even though gastroenteritis is generally not harmful to healthy adults, it can cause serious illness in children, the elderly, and people with autoimmune diseases, such as the human immunodeficiency virus and the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
The EPA established the Beaches Environmental Assessment and Coastal Health (BEACH) Program in 1997 to help reduce the risk of waterborne illness at the nation's beaches and recreational waters through improvements  in water protection programs and risk communication. Three years later, the BEACH Act of 2000 was signed into law. This law was an amendment to the Clean Water Act and required:
The EPA to issue new or revised water quality criteria for pathogens and pathogen indicators.
Coastal states to adopt these new or revised water quality standards.
The EPA to award grants to states and local governments to develop and implement beach monitoring and assessment programs.
The BEACH Act also required the EPA to prepare a progress report for Congress every four years. The first report was Implementing the BEACH Act of 2000: Report to Congress (October 2006. http://www.epa.gov/water science/beaches/report/full-rtc.pdf).
In Implementing the BEACH Act, the EPA determines that the major pollution sources responsible for beach closings and advisories in 2002 included runoff of storm water following rainfall (21%), sewage spills or overflows from various sources (13%), and unknown sources (43%). (See Figure 6.9.)
Table 6.5 shows the number of beaches surveyed for closings and advisories from 1997 through 2004. The number of beaches in the survey grew voluntarily from 1,021 in 1997 to 2,823 in 2002. Beginning in 2003, however, coastal states were required to report beach information to the EPA. Thus, the number surveyed in 2004 grew to 3,574.
Table 6.5 shows that from 1997 through 2004 approximately 26% of U.S. beaches were affected by advisories or closings. Nevertheless, the EPA notes in Implementing the BEACH Act that most of the advisories or closings lasted only one or two days. In 2004, for example, only 4% of possible open beach days were lost to advisories or closings.
As a result of the BEACH Act, the EPA has improved its Beach Advisory and Closing On-line Notification Web site (http://oaspub.epa.gov/beacon/beacon_national_page.main), which provides data to the public on beach advisories and closings. Along with collecting  more comprehensive data and strengthening water quality standards, the EPA is also working to improve pollution control efforts at the nation's beaches.
TABLE 6.5
Numbers and percentages of beaches affected by advisories or closings, 1997–2004
Voluntary survey
