Map: Antarctica
After spending four weeks on rough seas in the Southern Ocean, the team aboard the Aurora Australis sailed back to a sunny, calm day in Hobart.
Steve Rintoul is the chief scientist on board the Aurora. He says the team's most exciting discovery was that the deep ocean around the Antarctica is changing, in particular becoming less salty and less dense.
"The cause of the freshening is the next challenge for us to work out, the leading hypothesis at the moment is that the water is becoming fresher because the ice around the edges of Antarctica is melting more rapidly," Dr Rintoul said.
The scientists lowered their robotic instruments down to five kilometres below the surface.
Antarctica is one of the few places in the world where it is so cold that the water on the surface becomes so dense it drops straight to the bottom.
The reason why the water on the bottom of the Antarctic Ocean is getting less salty is because the melting ice is dropping straight down to the ocean floor. The scientists know the Antarctic ice is melting, but the reason is still unclear.
"It could be global warming, it could be the ozone hole, and it could be natural variability. Our best evidence at the moment suggests that all three are playing a role," Dr Rintoul said.
He says the warming ocean waters are causing the Antarctic ice to melt more rapidly.
"Warmer ocean temperatures mean faster melt, faster melt means lower salinity of the sea water as the fresh water locked up into the ice melts and spreads into the ocean," he said.
The scientists have been working on the ship. Now, they'll go back to their labs in Hobart to work out how fast the ice is melting and if it is likely to continue.
"On the voyage, we collected samples to measure an isotope of oxygen, which it turns out is a tracer of melting ice, Dr Rintoul said.
"We couldn't run those analyses on board, but within a few months we should have an indication of whether the waters are fresher because there is more ice melting, or because of a change in sea ice or a change in snow fall, or some other process."
The Southern Ocean drives the world's climate, so the fact it is becoming less salty means the weather everywhere else will change. The scientists are still trying to work out exactly what those changes will be.
First posted April 18, 2008 14:21:00
Search ABC News
