Was this article helpful? 0 0
Why Is the Ocean/Sea Salty?
By Sandra Lee Perez
I think almost everyone in the world was as curious as me on thinking why is the ocean salty? Has God made it that way in the first place? Or does our scientist have that scientific explanation regarding the matter.
When I was young, my family and I would go to the beach to have fun, eat and swim. At that time I haven't got to think of it at first, as the time pass I got annoyed of its saltiness and got myself complaining on why is it so salty in the first place.
During my grade school days I have encountered such folklores regarding why the sea water is salty, a number of folklore I should say but none of those seems to as the answer. There was one Danish folktale that I remember entitled The Coffee Mill Which Grinds Salt. The story is about a little boy who was given a magical coffee mill by his grandmother before it died. The coffee mill will grant your wish by grinding and if you'll say 'Stop, little mill,' it will cease from grinding. When he was out exploring the world he came across a ship and the sailors let him join them. The sailors treats him harshly and even gives him little food, but he just wish on the coffee mill for something he likes. Until one day the sailors found out about the coffee mill and offer him large sum of money but he resist the offer. Because of that the sailors threw him into the ocean. When they needed some salt they wish for the mill to grind some salt, unfortunately they don't know the exact words to stop it from grinding. The mill keeps on grinding salt until the ship sink along with the sailors and the coffee mill that still keeps grinding in the bottom of the ocean. And that explains why the sea is salty.
How about considering the scientific explanation on why it is salty? It says that when it rains the salt compound from the rock would be dissolved and would be carried into the sea. Since the sea is a non flowing body of water, the salt would be left behind. When see water evaporates the salt remains, and so it becomes a continuous process. Moreover, the seawater also gets salt from the ocean bed where a lot of salt element lies, and also from the volcanic eruptions under the sea. The igneous rock carries with it certain minerals including salt compounds. As we think of it nature really has a lot of secrets in it.
May we learn a lot more about our mother earth and at the same time preserve earth.
Did you find this article helpful? 0 0
Get Involved
