Arctic Ocean: Why doesn't the Arctic Ocean freeze into a solid block of ice?
Atmosphere:   Why does the air get thinner at high altitude?
Atmosphere:   Why is it colder in the mountains than in the valley? The  mountains are closer to the sun.
Biodiversity:   Which has more biodiversity, rainforests or the ocean?
Clouds:  Why do clouds "stick together"? I realize that clouds are condensation  of evaporated moisture from the ground, but why are they "puffy"? Why don't they  diffuse uniformly into the atmosphere at the altitude in which the moisture  condenses, i.e. more of a uniform fog than a puffy cloud?
Clouds:   I've always wondered how there could be clouds when it was below freezing.  Should they not just freeze and fall out of the sky?
Deep-Water Colors : why do some colors appear black in the water?
Deep sea diving:  Has anyone ever traveled to the deepest  part of the ocean?
Depth:   How deep are the oceans? How deep is a fathom?
Forecasts :   How accurate are the long-term (10 to 15 day) weather forecasts on the Internet  (such as AccuWeather and The Weather Channel)? Seems to me they are little  better than wild guesses after the first couple of days.
Global-warming:   Is global warming true?
Gold :  How  much gold is there in the seas and oceans and why don't we get it out of the  water instead of mining?
Gulf Stream : what is its cause?  how does it stay warm all the way across the Atlantic Ocean?
Hurricanes :  Do hurricanes stay near where they form?
Hurricanes :  When is the hurricane season?
Hurricanes :  How does the energy associated with hydrogen bonds fuel  hurricanes? 
Hydrothermal vents:   Where does the energy come from that sustains life  around the ocean’s hydrothermal vents?
Indian  summers:   What causes Indian summers?
Marine biology:   I would like to be a marine biologist when I grow up. What education do I need,  where would I work, and what animals would I work with?
Mount Everest : does lightning strike Mount Everest?
Mount Everest:   What is the temperature of Mount Everest?
Mount Everest:   What is the plume often seen trailing from the downwind  side of Mount Everest?
Polar snow:    Is there snow or precipitation in the Arctic and  Antarctic? Also, does fresh water or saltwater make up the icebergs and the ice  masses?
Proto-ocean:   Was the initial ocean fresh and became salty over time?
Rain:  When the sun draws water from the ocean how come we don't get  salt-water rain?
Seas, salty : Why are the oceans salty?
Seas, salty : what is the saltiest sea?
Seas, surface area:   What fraction of the whole ocean surface is each  sub-ocean, such as the Pacific?
Seiche :  What is a seiche?  Do it have something to do with tsunamis?
Seashells :  Why are  there more seashells along eastern U.S. beaches than western beaches?
Snowy green flash:  Last night (12/29/03) we got a freak snowstorm of  five to six inches in about two hours, which is unusual for this part of Oregon.  It was still snowing hard at about 1 o’clock in the morning when I saw the  entire western sky flash several times a bright green color and then maybe an  orange color, too. What happened?
Tides : why do they come in at such different times for some nearby towns?
Tsunami! why is the water pulled out of bays and beach fronts as a tsunami approaches?
Tsunami, highest: What is the highest tsunami ever recorded?
Tsunami, rivers and lakes: Can a local tsunami occur in rivers or in small lakes (like the Dead Sea or Lake Tiberias)?
Whirlpools :  Can ships really get pulled down by the whirlpool (named,  Charybdis) that Ulysses struggled with? Or was that just a myth?
Wind chill:  Will  water freeze if the ambient temperature is 35 °F (2 °C) with a  wind chill factor of 25 °F (-4 °C)?
 
