The Mighty Maidens,
As maid-thralls held.
And before they ceased their singing, they ground out a host against  Frodi, so that the sea king called Mysingr came there that same night and  slew Frodi, taking much plunder. Then the Peace of Frodi was ended.  Mysingr took Grotti with him, and Fenja and Menja also, and bade them  grind salt. And at midnight they asked whether Mysingr were not weary of  salt. He bade them grind longer. They had ground but a little while, when  down sank the ship; and from that time there has been a whirlpool in the  sea where the water falls through the hole in the millstone. It was then  that the sea became salt.
Source: Snorri Sturluson, The  Prose Edda , translated by Arthur Gilchrist Brodeur (New York: The  American-Scandinavian Foundation, 1916), pp.  162-63 .
In the above text I have omitted accent marks from the names  Grótti, Fródi, and Mýsingr.
Why the Sea Is Salt
Norway
Once on a time, but it was a long, long time ago, there were two brothers,  one rich and one poor. Now, one Christmas eve, the poor one hadn't so much  as a crumb in the house, either of meat or bread, so he went to his  brother to ask him for something to keep Christmas with, in God's name.
It was not the first time his brother had been forced to help him, and you  may fancy he wasn't very glad to see his face, but he said, "If you will  do what I ask you to do, I'll give you a whole flitch [side] of bacon."
So the poor brother said he would do anything, and was full of thanks.
"Well, here is the flitch," said the rich brother, "and now go straight to  hell."
"What I have given my word to do, I must stick to," said the other; so he  took the flitch and set off. He walked the whole day, and at dusk he came  to a place where he saw a very bright light.
"Maybe this is the place," said the man to himself. So he turned aside,  and the first thing he saw was an old, old man, with a long white beard,  who stood in an outhouse hewing wood for the Christmas fire.
"Good even," said the man with the flitch.
"The same to you; whither are you going so late?" said the man.
"Oh! I'm going to hell, if I only knew the right way," answered the poor  man.
"Well, you're not far wrong, for this is hell," said the old man. "When  you get inside they will be all for buying your flitch, for meat is scarce  in hell; but mind, you don't sell it unless you get the hand-quern which  stands behind the door for it. When you come out, I'll teach you how to  handle the quern, for it's good to grind almost anything."
So the man with the flitch thanked the other for his good advice, and gave  a great knock at the devil's door. When he got in, everything went just as  the old man had said. All the devils, great and small, came swarming up to  him like ants round an anthill, and each tried to outbid the other for the  flitch.
"Well!" said the man, "by rights my old dame and I ought to have this  flitch for our Christmas dinner; but since you have all set your hearts on  it, I suppose I must give it up to you; but if I sell it at all, I'll have  for it that quern behind the door yonder."
At first the devil wouldn't hear of such a bargain, and chaffered and  haggled with the man; but he stuck to what he said, and at last the devil  had to part with his quern. When the man got out into the yard, he asked  the old woodcutter how he was to handle the quern; and after he had heard  how to use it, he thanked the old man and went off home as fast as he  could, but still the clock had struck twelve on Christmas eve before he  had reached his own door.
"Wherever in the world have you been?" said his old dame. "Here have I sat  hour after hour waiting and watching, without so much as two sticks to lay  together under the Christmas brose."
"Oh!" said the man, "I could not get back before, for I had to go a long  way, first for one thing, and then for another; but now you shall see what  you shall see."
So he put the quern on the table, and bade it first of all grind lights,  then a tablecloth, then meat, then ale, and so on till they had got everything  that was nice for Christmas fare. He had only to speak the word, and  the quern ground out what he wanted. The old dame stood by blessing her  stars, and kept on asking where he had got this wonderful quern, but he  wouldn't tell her.
"It's all one where I got it from; you see the quern is a good one, and  the millstream never freezes. That's enough."
So he ground meat and drink and dainties enough to last till Twelfth Day,  and on the third day he asked all his friends and kin to his house, and  gave a great feast. Now, when his rich brother saw all that was on the  table, and all that was behind in the larder, he grew quite spiteful and  wild, for he couldn't bear that his brother should have anything.
"'Twas only on Christmas eve," he said to the rest, "he was in such  straits, that he came and asked for a morsel of food in God's name, and  now he gives a feast as if he were count or king."
And he turned to his brother and said, "But whence, in hell's name, have  you got all this wealth?"
"From behind the door," answered the owner of the quern, for he didn't  care to let the cat out of the bag.
But later on the evening, when he had got a drop too much, he could keep  his secret no longer, and brought out the quern and said, "There, you see  what has gotten me all this wealth."
And so he made the quern grind all kind of things. When his brother saw  it, he set his heart on having the quern, and, after a deal of coaxing, he  got it; but he had to pay three hundred dollars for it, and his brother  bargained to keep it till hay harvest, for he thought, if I keep it till  then, I can make it grind meat and drink that will last for years. So you  may fancy the quern didn't grow rusty for want of work, and when  hay harvest came, the rich brother got it, but the other took care not to  teach him how to handle it. It was evening when the rich brother got the  quern home, and next morning he told his wife to go out into the hayfield  and toss, while the mowers cut the grass, and he would stay at home and  get the dinner ready.
So, when dinnertime drew near, he put the quern on the kitchen table and  said, "Grind herrings and broth, and grind them good and fast."
So the quern began to grind herrings and broth; first of all, all the  dishes full, then all the tubs full, and so on till the kitchen floor was  quite covered. Then the man twisted and twirled at the quern to get it to  stop, but for all his twisting and fingering the quern went on grinding,  and in a little while the broth rose so high that the man was like to  drown. So he threw open the kitchen door and ran into the parlor, but it  wasn't long before the quern had ground the parlor full too, and it was  only at the risk of his life that the man could get hold of the latch of  the house door through the stream of broth. When he got the door open, he  ran out and set off down the road, with the stream of herrings and broth  at his heels, roaring like a waterfall over the whole farm.
Now, his old dame, who was in the field tossing hay, thought it a long  time to dinner, and at last she said, "Well! though the master doesn't  call us home, we may as well go. Maybe he finds it hard work to boil the  broth, and will be glad of my help."
The men were willing enough, so they sauntered homewards; but just as they  had got a little way up the hill, what should they meet but herrings, and  broth, and bread, all running, and dashing, and splashing together in a  stream, and the master himself running before them for his life, and as he  passed them he bawled out, "Would to heaven each of you had a hundred  throats! But take care you're not drowned in the broth."
Away he went, as though the Evil One were at his heels, to his brother's  house, and begged him for God's sake to take back the quern that instant;  for, said he, "If it grinds only one hour more, the whole parish will be  swallowed up by herrings and broth."
But his brother wouldn't hear of taking it back till the other paid him  down three hundred dollars more.
So the poor brother got both the money and the quern, and it wasn't long  before he set up a farmhouse far finer than the one in which his brother  lived, and with the quern he ground so much gold that he covered it with  plates of gold; and as the farm lay by the seaside, the golden house  gleamed and glistened far away over the sea. All who sailed by put ashore  to see the rich man in the golden house, and to see the wonderful quern,  the fame of which spread far and wide, till there was nobody who hadn't  heard tell of it.
So one day there came a skipper who wanted to see the quern; and the first  thing he asked was if it could grind salt.
"Grind salt!" said the owner; "I should just think it could. It can grind  anything."
When the skipper heard that, he said he must have the quern, cost what it  would; for if he only had it, he thought he should be rid of his long  voyages across stormy seas for a lading of salt. Well, at first the man  wouldn't hear of parting with the quern; but the skipper begged and prayed  so hard, that at last he let him have it, but he had to pay many, many  thousand dollars for it. Now, when the skipper had got the quern on his  back, he soon made off with it, for he was afraid lest the man should  change his mind; so he had no time to ask how to handle the quern, but got  on board his ship as fast as he could, and set sail.
When he had sailed a good way off, he brought the quern on deck and said,  "Grind salt, and grind both good and fast."
Well, the quern began to grind salt so that it poured out like water; and  when the skipper had got the ship full, he wished to stop the quern, but  whichever way he turned it, and however much he tried, it was no good; the  quern kept grinding on, and the heap of salt grew higher and higher, and  at last down sunk the ship.
There lies the quern at the bottom of the sea, and grinds away at this  very day, and that is the reason why the sea is salt.
Source: Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe, Popular  Tales from the Norse , translated by George Webbe Dasent (New York:  D. Appleton and Company, 1859), pp.  9-15 .
Link to the tale in the orignal Norwegian: Kvernen som står og maler  på havsens bunn (The Quern that Stands and Grinds at the Bottom  of the Sea). Note that Dasent changed the title in his translation.
The Coffee Mill Which Grinds Salt
Denmark
There was once a little boy by the name of Hans. As his parents died while  he was very young, his grandmother took care of him and taught him reading  and writing, and to be a good boy.
When she became very old, and thought she was about to die, she called the  little boy to her and said, "I am old, Hans, and may not live long. You  were always a good boy, and therefore you shall have my only treasure, a  coffee mill which I have always kept at the bottom of my old chest. This  coffee mill will grind all that you wish. If you say to it, 'Grind a  house, little mill,' it will work away, and there the house will stand.  When you say, 'Stop, little mill,' it will cease to grind."
Hans thanked his grandmother kindly, and when she died, and he was alone  in the world, he opened the chest, took the coffee mill, and went out into  the world.
When he had walked a long distance, and needed something to eat, he placed  the mill on the grass and said, "Grind some bread and butter, little  mill." Very soon Hans had all that he needed, and then he bid the mill to  stop.
The next day he came to a large seaport, and when he saw the many vessels,  he thought it would be pleasant to see more of the great world. He  therefore boarded one of the ships and offered his service to the sailors.  As it just happened that the captain needed a boy of Hans's age, he told  him to stay.
As soon as the ship was out of port, the sailors commenced abusing Hans.  He bore the harsh treatment as well as he could, and when he had nothing  to eat the mill ground all that he wished. The bad men wondered how he  could always be contented, although they gave him but little to eat. One  day one of them peeped through a hole in the cabin door and discovered how  the coffee mill served him.
Now the sailors offered a large sum of money to Hans if he would sell his  treasure. He refused, however, saying that it was all that his good old  grandmother had left him. So one day these wicked men threw Hans overboard  and seized the mill. As they were in need of some salt, they bid it grind  for them. The mill immediately began its work, and soon they had enough.  Now they asked it to stop, but as the one who had peeped through the hole  into the boy's cabin had not learned the exact command, the mill refused  to obey, and before long the ship was filled with salt.
The men grew desperate, but none of them was able to find a way out of the  difficulty. So at length the ship sank down with the mill, the salt, and  all the wicked men. The men were drowned, but the mill is yet standing at  the bottom of the sea, grinding away, and for this reason the water in the  ocean has and always will have a salt taste.
