Why > Nature > Why is Ocean Water salty?
Why is Ocean Water salty?
Ocean water is salty as minerals get dissolved into the rain water from the solid earth. Most of the mineral salts will get into the Ocean through rivers while some portion is originated from the rocks and salt sediments lying on the Ocean floor.  The heat from the sun evaporates pure water from the sea and leaves the minerals concentrated in the sea. The rivers carry lot of minerals salts from the earth through rain water and deposit them in the Ocean. This exchange of water takes place between the Earth and the atmosphere which is the part of the water cycle.
The rain water becomes acidic due to addition of certain compounds in the air like carbon-dioxide that will get dissolved. When the acidic water falls on the rocks and land it results in dissolution of minerals into the water. The rain water erodes the rocks and releases some minerals into the water. These minerals stay dissolved in the rain water which gets mixed up with rivers later. When these rivers flow into the sea, some of the organisms take in some minerals while the remaining minerals will get accumulated for long time. The concentration of mineral salts hence increases slowly in the Ocean waters.
Most of the dissolved ions in the Ocean or sea are sodium and chloride. These two ions form 90 percent of sea water which is about 35 parts per thousand. This means that 1000 parts of sea water contains 35 parts of dissolved salts. The Oceanic ridges were found to be having crests that were discovered long back. These locations are known as hydrothermal vents that represent the ocean floor. The Ocean floor consists of water that has absorbed much of the mineral salts from the rocks of the ocean crust. Due to heat in the oceanic crust the minerals were found to have dissolved and flown into the ocean. This hot water supplements lot of minerals flowing into the sea water.
The amount of flow of water and minerals from the vents would have increased in about 10 million years. This factor indicates that sea water attains salinity due to this process. The eruption of submarine volcanoes also can result in release of some minerals that gets mixed up in water as salts.
