Yeah you are right Acai
@ Amy
I agree. Will definitely go there once and enjoy this feeling
@Anonymous
Such questions didn't occur to me too when I was a kid. Glad that you liked the articles.
Shadow
June 7, 2010 at 1:44 pm #
I wonder why it'd called dead sea, now i know the reason. Thanks a lot for the nice and cool post.Thanks a lot.
ramaraobobby
June 8, 2010 at 8:25 pm #
sounds like you got a smart nephew there to make u research more and keep posting more interesting stuff. Bookmarked ur knowledghub, shall check back for more update…
Juicy Couture
July 27, 2010 at 3:13 pm #
Yeh,it is so interesting!I could still remember that when  i learn Geography about this "dead sea",our teaches said to us that dead sea is not death,because you can even float in this water!that Dead See is almost six to seven times more salty than an ocean!It is very safe
cornerstone university
August 3, 2010 at 8:08 am #
@akai– I agree that with its high concentration of salt no lifeform can live in it.I was fascinated though that a body can float on it easilly and not drown.Sounds really fascinating!
Utah Graphic Designer
September 2, 2010 at 9:20 pm #
We've got the Great Salt Lake in Utah, which is nowhere near as salty as the Dead Sea, and there are lifeforms living in it – little shrimp creatures called Brine Shrimp.
Anna
November 26, 2010 at 8:38 pm #
When I visited the Dead sea last year I was really surprised with the place and the water – I really could float but moreover the sea seemed to have some healing effect. my health has become a bit better.
vivek
December 9, 2010 at 8:22 pm #
The Dead Sea got its name because there is such a high salt level it's impossible for any animal life to grow there. There may be bacteria called halophilis, an archeabactera that can survive in extreme conditions.
Metaphorically, the Dead Sea is called so, because water does not flow out of it. All rivers lead in, none go out- as if the river dies in it.
The Dead Sea got its name because there is such a high salt level it's impossible for any animal life to grow there. There may be bacteria called halophilis, an archeabactera that can survive in extreme conditions.
Jesus Christ took the sand of the dead sea and placed on a person who had a disease and he was healed.
SEO Specialist
January 7, 2011 at 6:54 am #
@Anshul…you've got a cool nephew!Thanks to her very questioning mind.Biblically, the dead sea is a place of refuge for King David.How I dreamed of walking out there!Thanks for the info. This is a great post.
Commercial Real Estate Software
February 5, 2011 at 4:03 am #
WOW! Man cool site! From where you are getting all of those stuff for your site. I am going to save down some of those pics as well as afew articles from your site, thank you buddy!
Reverse Phone Lookup
February 11, 2011 at 6:55 am #
It is fortunate being on your site as I was one time in search of such articles in google search. This large search engines drives me to your site and pal I must say your site is  nice in look also with the substance you updated.
Chandelier Earrings
April 5, 2011 at 2:39 am #
This is some great information about the dead sea.  I never knew that it was because of the salt concentration and that there is no way for the water to seep out.
Anonymous
May 20, 2011 at 10:19 pm #
the point that a human being canfloat in the water even if he don't know how to swim was completely new to me …. and really the whole of the article is full of knowledge.
