How big or small  is it?
Does it live in the ocean or near  the ocean?
What are interesting facts about  your animal?
What is your animal's name?
How big or small is it?
Does it live in  the ocean or near the ocean?
In what part(s)  of the world is your animal found?
What  does your animal eat?
What are interesting  facts about your animal?
What  is your animal's name?
How big or small  is it?
Does it live in the ocean or near  the ocean?
In what part(s) of the world  is your animal found?
What does your animal  eat?
How deep under the water does it live?
What special things does your animal do to survive?
Have  students write or dictate answers to the questions above and help them organize  their sentences in paragraph form. Encourage students to supply as much detail  as possible. Students might pretend to be reporters interviewing their sea animal.  Ask them what questions they would ask their animal if it could talk, and let  them use their research to develop responses. Students can present their interviews  in question and answer format and can draw pictures to illustrate their interviews.  You may display the finished interviews around the edge of your ocean display,  or compile them in a student magazine that can be copied and distributed to students  and their families.
Set aside class time for students  to share what they have learned about their ocean animal. Have them prepare a  riddle about the animal as a way of introducing it to the rest of the class (e.g.,  "I have five arms but no fingers. What am I?"). Or have students prepare acrostic  poems by printing their animal's name vertically on a piece of paper and then  using each letter of that name to begin a word or sentence about the animal.
Additional  Activity for Researching Ocean Life
If time permits, repeat  the activity by having each student choose an ocean plant to research. Have them  cut plant shapes from craft paper. Add the plants to the ocean display so that  the foliage camouflages the animals. You may use this as an opportunity to discuss  camouflage and other ways ocean animals protect themselves.
Activity 6. Speaking of the Sea
In this section of the lesson, students have the opportunity to create original poems -- either individually or as a class -- about ocean life. The ocean has inspired writers for centuries, and many poems have been written about the sea and the animals that live there. Read aloud a selection of published poems. (For suggestions,  see the list of poetry collections and online nursery rhymes under the Resource  List at the end of the lesson plan.) You may wish to choose poems about some  of the animals that were researched in the previous activity, or invite students  to browse through the collections in small groups and have them select the poems  they would like to hear. (For a related lesson about poetry, see the EDSITEment  lesson Play  with Words: Rhyme & Verse. )
As students listen  to each poem, discuss the techniques the poet uses to create images of ocean life.  What animal is the poem about? How does the poet describe the animal and where  it lives? What kinds of details does the poet include about the animal? Does the  poem include action? Is it funny? Sad? Try to choose a wide array of poems so  that students can see the range of stylistic possibilities. Discuss with students  the similarities and differences among the poems.
Next,  have 2nd-grade students work individually or in pairs to create their own poems  about ocean life. Encourage them to use some of the resources listed at the end  of the lesson as they research facts for their poems. Kindergarten and 1st-grade  students can create the poem as a class.
After  giving students the opportunity to practice reading their poem at home or in class, have each child recite his or her poem to the rest of the class (kindergarteners  and 1st graders can recite the poem as a choral reading). You might wish to invite  parents or other classes to the poetry presentation and use this as an opportunity  for students to share the other work they have created as part of this unit.
Extending The Lesson
Remind students of the stories you read in the Sharing Ocean Experiences and Introducing Ocean Literature sections of the lesson, and tell them that they are now going to write their own ocean stories. Begin by inviting students to recall all of the words they have learned about the ocean and about the animals and plants that live there. Have them use the vocabulary words generated in the previous activities as they write their short stories.
Before students begin writing, help them determine the main characters, settings, and plots for their stories. What sea animal would they like to write about? Where does this animal live, and what is it like there? What adventures or problems might this animal have? How does the animal solve the problem? Encourage students to draw upon the knowledge they gained in the Researching Ocean Life activity as they plan their stories. After students complete their first drafts, have them share their work in small groups. Have them give one another suggestions for ways to include more ocean-related vocabulary and ideas.
Younger students will need more teacher support to write stories. Kindergarteners and young 1st graders may want to dictate their stories to the teacher or teacher's aide.
When students have completed their final drafts, compile them in a class anthology to be shared with families and friends.
Resource List
The following is a list of published texts that may be used in teaching this unit:
Picture Books
A Swim Through the Sea, written and illustrated by Kristin Joy Pratt (Dawn Publications, 1994)
Very Last First Time, written by Jan Andrews, illustrated by Ian Wallace (Atheneum, 1985)
Marina, written and illustrated by Ludwig Bemelmans (Harper & Row, 1962)
A House for Hermit Crab, written and illustrated by Eric Carle (Simon & Schuster, 1988)
One Lonely Seahorse, written by Saxton Freymann, illustrated by Joost Elffers (Arthur A. Levine Books, 2000)
Where Will You Swim Tonight?, written by Milly Jane Limmer, illustrated by Helena Clare Pittman (Albert Whitman & Company, 1991)
Sea Squares, written by Joy N. Hulme, illustrated by Carol Schwartz (Hyperion Books for Children, 1991)
Swimmy, written and illustrated by Leo Lionni (Random House, 1968)
The Rainbow Fish, written and illustrated by Marcus Pfister (North South Books, Inc., 1992)
Into the A, B, Sea: An Ocean Alphabet, written by Deborah Lee Rose, illustrated by Steve Jenkins (Scholastic Press, 2000)
Across the Big Blue Sea: An Ocean Picture Book, written and illustrated by Jakki Wood (National Geographic Society, 1998)
Poetry Collections
In the Swim, by David Florian (Voyager Books, 1997): This is an illustrated collection of brief, often humorous poems featuring sea creatures such as catfish, salmon, piranhas, eel, sawfish, sea horses, whales, starfish, flounder, sharks, flying fish, jellyfish, and more.
My First Oxford Book of Poems, edited by J. Foster (Oxford University Press, 2000): The section of this anthology entitled "Beside the Sea" includes an array of ocean-related verses by classic and contemporary poets.
The Oxford Book of Animal Poems, edited by Michael Harrison and Christopher Stuart-Clark (Oxford University Press, 1992): This anthology includes poems about octopi, skates, sharks, sea lions, seals, dolphins, whales, penguins, and seahawks.
Poetry for Young People: Lewis Carroll, edited by Edward Mendelsohn (Sterling Publishing Company, 2000): This collection of Carroll's verses includes "The Mock Turtle's Song" from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, as well as an earlier version of the poem, which could serve as inspiration for students' own whimsical poems about sea life.
The Random House Book of Poetry for Children, edited by Jack Prelutsky (Random House, 1983): This anthology includes poems about seals, codfish, flying fish, sea gulls, and sandpipers, as well as other poems about the seashore in general.
Sailing Days: Stories and Poems about Sailors and the Sea, edited by A. McKay (ACC Children's Classics, 1998): Although not specifically about sea animals, the stories and poems in this collection could provide interesting opportunities for extending the unit into a broader range of ocean-related literature.
Online Nursery Rhymes
