Why is the Ocean Salty?
A WebQuest for 5th-7th Grade Science
Introduction | Tasks | Process | Evaluation | Conclusion | Credits | Teacher Advice
Introduction:
Why is the ocean salty? That is the mystery that you will solve.  As an investigator, you will decide what makes the ocean salty.  As you guide your way through this site finding out about sea creatures, rocks, ocean pollution and other ocean mysteries, you will ponder this question.  As a scientist, you will learn how to measure water and how important it is to our daily life.  So let's get ready for a splashing good time!
The Tasks:
While traveling through  this website, you will be faced with the question: Why is the ocean salty? The information obtained will range from the minerals found in the water  to how water is measured.  You will also be introduced to various sea creatures.  All of these will be possible answers to your question: Why is the ocean salty?
          1. Think of possible reasons why the ocean is salty.
          2. Identify different creatures found the salty water.
          3. Complete a survey on water issues.
          4. Complete various fun exercises to build on your ocean knowledge.
The Process:
Through the various tasks, you will explore the mysteries of water from the oceans.  As you finalize your task you will begin understand: Why is the ocean salty?.
1. On a piece of paper, you will record why you think the ocean is salty.  You will draw a two column diagram.  One column will be labeled: "Why I think the ocean is salty." and the other column will be labeled "Why the ocean is salty.". Keep this chart handy because at the end you will compare and contrast your answers.
2. You will be introduced to several different ocean creatures. Are they what cause the ocean to be salty? This address will introduce several different types of sea creatures to you.  While visiting this site click on the different pictures to get an up close viewing of the animals. You will be able to look at their anatomy and read what they eat. As a part of your exercise you will print five of your favorites and label their parts.
3. In this activity, you will complete an online survey of the ocean. While doing your survey, you will come to understand how the ocean connects to the everyday use of water. Also read the data  on the ocean, are these the reasons why the ocean is salty?
4. Just how much do you know about your salty oceans?  After reading, complete the quiz to see how much you know about your salty oceans. After you have finished, check your answers to see how much you knew.
5. Lastly, read the site Why is the ocean salty? Are the answers close to what you thought they were?  Compare and contrast your answers from task 1 to now. Also, since you are the scientist, complete the experiment on this site. Be prepared to discuss your results of the experiment and then compare and contrast with the class.
The Evaluation:
