 
 
Collect samples of water from several sites that you think will have different salinities. Choose some freshwater sites (lakes, rivers, streams, springs, etc.) and some marine sites (beaches, marinas, bays, estuaries, etc.) for your study. Write the locations in your data table.
Collect each sample by filling a canning jar with the water at the site and securing the lid. Then write the date, time, and place that you collected your sample on the jar with a permanent marker.
After you collect your samples, each jar should be full to the brim with water and sealed tightly. If they are not full, you will need to remove some water from a few of the jars until the water level for all of the jars is the same.
Take a new, empty jar and weigh the jar with your metric scale in grams. Write the weight in grams in your data table.
In the new empty jar, fill the jar with distilled water to the same level as the other jars. Then measure the amount of water in liters (L) by pouring it into a large, metric liquid measuring bowl. Write this measurement down in your data table. It will be the total volume of liquid you collected from each site. Then re-fill the jar and use it as your negative control.
Arrange all of your jars on a cookie sheet and carefully place them in a sunny location. Carefully remove the lids and leave them there for several weeks to evaporate. If you have your parents help, you can also bake the jars in the oven at a very low temperature (200oF) until the water has evaporated. This will take a few hours.
After the jars have dried completely, weigh each jar in grams, and write the weight in grams in the data table.
Subtract the weight of the empty jar (step 5) from the final weight of each jar you filled with a water sample. This is the amount of salt that was present in that water sample.
Now divide the amount of salt in grams by the amount of water in liters, and this will give you the salinity, or concentration of salt, of the sample measured in grams per liter (g/L).
Make a bar graph of your data to compare the salinity of each water sample. Make a scale on the left side of the graph (y-axis) representing the different ranges of salinity from your study. Then draw a bar for each sample up to the corresponding salinity level. Which samples had the most salt? Which had the least?
Variations
If you have access to one, you can also use a refractometer to measure salinity. As the amount of salt in the water increases, so does the index of refraction. Try repeating the experiment taking measurements with a refractometer. Do you get similar results? Which method is more accurate?  For a more advanced project idea on the index of refraction, see the Science Buddies experiment Measuring Sugar Content of a Liquid with a Laser Pointer .
Many organisms that live in saltwater environments cannot live in a freshwater environment, and vice versa. Why do you think that is? Do an experiment using a very simple salt water organism, the Brine Shrimp, to see what effect changes in salinity can have. You can buy a Brine Shrimp hatchery at your local pet store to hatch and rear the brine shrimp. Then you can expose the brine shrimp to water samples of different salinities. What will happen?
For more science project ideas in this area of science, see Ocean Sciences  Project Ideas .
Credits
Sara Agee, Ph.D., Science Buddies
Last edit date: 2011-11-18 12:00:00
Tell us about your experience with this science project.
What was the most important thing you learned?
characters left
What problems did you encounter? (Enter "none" if you had none.)
characters left
Can you suggest any improvements or ideas? (Enter "no" if you have none.)
characters left
How do you rate this project?
Poor
