2010-9-11 11:07:44 PST
WHY IS THE OCEAN SALTY?
I kind of understand that the minerals at the ocean floor dissolve and make it salty. But why are lakes freshwater and the oceans so condensed with salt? How do the lakes get water that is fresh? I just don't understand how we aren't able to find a way to filter ocean water to make it drinkable when the lakes get the water filtered somehow.
Answer
Salt in the ocean comes from rocks on land. The rain that falls on the land contains some dissolved carbon dioxide from the surrounding air. This causes the rainwater to be slightly acidic due to carbonic acid (which forms from carbon dioxide and water). The rain erodes the rock and the acid breaks down the rocks and carries it along in a dissolved state as ions. The ions in the runoff are carried to the streams and rivers to the ocean. Many of the dissolved ions are used by organisms in the ocean and are removed from the water. Others are not used up and are left for long periods of time where their concentrations increase over time.
The two ions that are present most often in seawater are chloride and sodium. These two make up over 90% of all dissolved ions in seawater. By the way, the concentration of salt in seawater (salinity) is about 35 parts per thousand. In other words, about 35 of 1,000 (3.5%) of the weight of seawater comes from the dissolved salts; in a cubic mile of seawater the weight of the salt, as sodium chloride, would be about 120 million tons.
By some estimates, if the salt in the ocean could be removed and spread evenly over the Earth’s land surface it would form a layer more than 500 feet (166 m) thick, about the height of a 40-story office building.
2010-9-12 2:43:44 PST
because they're made of god's tears
2010-9-12 6:06:46 PST
fish semen
2010-9-12 9:52:51 PST
all the piss from the world is released in the ocean...could be one factor at least
2010-9-12 14:01:58 PST
lakes are formed from precipitation (rain) that comes from clouds from the ocean or from snow, which is the same thing that just froze
and we can filter salt water to drink, its just not cost effective yet
2010-9-12 18:34:08 PST
Precipitation, condensation and etc.. Are like distillation.. We use this process to get salt for our daily use..
2010-9-12 23:29:20 PST
The oceans have been around a very long time, so some of the salts were added to the water at a time when gases and lava were spewing from increased volcanic activity. The carbon dioxide dissolved in water from the atmosphere forms weak carbonic acid which dissolves minerals. When these minerals dissolve, they form ions, which make the water salty. While water evaporates from the ocean, the salt gets left behind. Also, rivers drain into the oceans, bringing in additional ions from rock that was eroded by rainwater and streams.
The saltiness of the ocean, or its salinity, is fairly stable at about 35 parts per thousand. To give you a sense of how much salt that is, it is estimated that if you took all the salt out of the ocean and spread it over the land, the salt would form a layer more than 500 feet (166 m) deep! You might think the ocean would become increasingly salty over time, but part of the reason it does not is because many of the ions in the ocean are taken in by the organisms that live in the ocean. Another factor may be the formation of new minerals.
So, lakes get water from streams and rivers. Lakes are in contact with the ground. Why aren't they salty? Well, some are! Think of the Great Salt Lake and the Dead Sea. Other lakes, such as the Great Lakes, are filled with water that contains many minerals, yet doesn't taste salty. Why is this? Partly it is because water tastes salty if it contains sodium ions and chloride ions. If the minerals associated with a lake don't contain much sodium, the water won't be very salty. Another reason lakes tend not to be salty is because water often leaves lakes to continue its trip toward the sea. According to an article at Science Daily, a drop of water and its associated ions will remain in one of the Great Lakes for around 200 years. On the other hand, a water droplet and its salts may remain in the ocean for 100-200 million years.
2010-9-13 4:47:34 PST
A. Lakes get water flowing downstream from mountains where there are a lot of streams made by springs , where the salty water and natural draining water get filtered by porous rocks, and rainwater (salt does not evaporate, so it is pure water.)
B. You ask how does water coming directly from sea is not salty. Well... It is. For example, water from the sea flows into the Red Sea (It's actually a large lake, it just looks like a sea, so the Name stuck) so it is salty, and it is extremely hard to dive because of the density of the water- salt mixture.
In other words, lakes get freshwater from rain, which is pure water. Freshwater rivers flowing downstream(sometimes near the estuary water rises miles UP the river.) Spring water from the sea gets filtered by miles of porous rock. The main source of water is from rain, not spring water. We can filter salt water, but it is not cost-effective, whereas nature demands no money.
2010-9-13 10:28:51 PST
