Notes for Suitcase Oceanography Mixtures and Solutions
Lesson 2
Why is it important to know the salinity of the seawater?
In advance
Have the teachers prepare nametags for the students, and check on the number of students in the class. Inform her/him that the students will be working in groups of four.
Students will need to have blue and red pencils.
Teacher has students individually list some reasons why it is important to know about currents in the oceans. Remind them of the video they watched last time.
Review contents of the Science Kit, and fill in Checkout List.
Prepare solutions for the demonstration:
Fill 1-liter thermos with moderately hot water. (tip: If the water is too hot, the bottle may shrink.)
Fill the bottom third of a 2-liter bottle with crushed ice and then fill with clear cool tap water. (You want the ice to completely melted before conducting the experiment.)
Fill another 2-liter bottle with a saturated solution of pickling salt, label it “S”. (Ordinary table salt has silicate additives that will make the solution cloudy.)
Check that you have enough handouts for all the students.
Just before class
Hang two wall charts. (Why it the ocean salty? Surface salinity map.)
Prepare the bottles for the demonstration of salinity and temperature currents
Transfer the content of the thermos into a 2-liter bottle and top it up with tap water. (tip: If the water is too hot the bottle will shrink.)
Fill another bottle with tap water and label it “Fresh”.
Add water to the crushed ice, but make sure all the ice is gone before you start the experiment.
Introduction
Greet the class and remind them we will talk about what create ocean currents and why they are important.
Have the teacher distribute the supplies to each group of four students. Ask students not to open any of the bottles they will receive.
One cafeteria tray.
One package with supplies for density experiments.
One plastic cup, filled with clear water.
One booklet per student.
Blue and red pencils for the students who don’t have them already.
Ask for inputs and outputs of salt to the ocean, as a review of previous lessons. Refer to wall chart.
Ocean currents
Ask students for ideas as to what makes ocean water move.
Ask students to define “salinity” and whether they think differences in salinity will make the water move. Explain that we will show them today that this is the case. Ask whether temperature differences can make water move. Explain that we will show them today that this is also the case but before we can do this, we need to explain the concept of density.
Ask students to look at the vials with the tape on them. Remind them not to open any bottles today.
Ask students to note what is different among the vials. Explain that density is the weight of a given volume of a substance. Make sure to reiterate that you need to compare the same volumes to calculate density. Note that all the vials are at the same temperature.
Ask students to put the vials in order of how heavy they feel, and fill in the first column of Table 1 (page 1, Density Observations). Remind students to write their name and date at the top of the sheet. What does this have to do with oceanography?
Remind students of the experiment they did in mixtures and solutions class, in which they added salt to water, and that salty water weighed more than the same volume of fresh water. Which has a higher density: salty water or fresh water?
Ask students to predict whether the vials with salty/fresh water will float or sink. Students should write their predictions in the first column of Table 2.
Ask students to test their prediction by putting the vials in the cup of water and record their observations.
Have them look at the vial with a number in it. This is an “unknown.” Is it salty or fresh? Ask them to write down the unknown number, and test whether it is fresh or salty.
Reiterate that they just learned that solutions with higher density will sink.
Ask students to test whether the vials with the different materials float or sink. Fill in the second column in Table 1. Explain that besides density, other factors influence whether a solid will float or sink. What about a steel boat? Why does it float?
When we talked about currents we explained that differences in salinity will make water move. Now students know that salty water has higher density and it sinks. Explain that in the next experiment they will see that this difference in salinity will make water move. Ask them to look at the page with salinity currents in their booklet.
Show them the bottles with salty and fresh water. Ask, “Which color (blue or red) should we dye the salty water?” Then add food color to it. Add the other color to the fresh water and ask them to write the color scheme in their data sheet. Tip: Add 5 drops of blue dye and 8 drops of red dye for best contrast.
Connect the bottles with the tornado tube over a sink or tub by tilting them. This is a two-person operation. Carefully lay the bottles over a white piece of paper and put rubber stoppers to prevent them from moving.
Ask the students to color the bottles as they look in the beginning of the experiment. Then they should predict how the bottles would look at the end of the experiment. Explain that this will take a while. In the meantime, let’s look at what can make salinity changes in the ocean.
What causes changes in salinity
Review with the students the water cycle. Also, from their lessons on mixtures and solutions, “What can make a solution less concentrated?” (Adding more salt or removing water.) Evaporation increases in concentration, so in areas where it is hot evaporation can increase salinity of the surface seawater. “What can make a solution more diluted?” (Adding water.) So, in areas where it rains a lot, the salinity of surface seawater decreases.
Seasurface salinity. Look at the chart of seasurface salinity.
Ask the students, “What is this a map of?” Point to an ocean and ask if that is the Pacific or Atlantic.
Explain that the contours represent different salinities at the ocean surface, with higher salinities shown in yellow and red. This is a tool scientist use to show distribution of properties in the ocean.
Ask for differences in salinities between Atlantic and Pacific. Name the processes that created these differences: Evaporation and precipitation
Point to the low salinities in the Arctic and Antarctic oceans. Explain that when ice freezes it leaves salt behind, salty water will sink, and when the ice melts it makes the water fresher.
Review processes that can change seasurface salinities: evaporation, precipitation and ice formation.
Back to currents
Ask the students to observe the experiments on salinity and temperature currents. Color the bottles to represent what they saw. And answer questions on page 2, Salinity Currents.
Review what causes currents: Salinity changes, temperature changes and wind
Review causes for salinity changes, and ask for what may cause temperature changes
Ask them why they think it is important to know the ocean currents. They may come up with: navigation, fisheries, and pollution, mention that currents are also very important for weather patterns, but we won’t discuss that in this class.
Assessment
Ask students to answer questions on page 3, Student’s Assessment Sheet.
Collect materials from their tables.
Collect booklets and pre-lesson sheets for assessment.
.
