Everything you ever wanted to know about sea ice, but were afraid to ask.
Everything you ever wanted to know about ICE but were afraid to ask
1. What is SEA ICE and what does SEA ICE look like?
Sea ice is a thin, fragile, solid layer that forms in the Polar Oceans.  It forms a boundary between the relatively warm ocean and the cooler atmosphere.  There are many different kinds of sea ice, and here are a few of the main ones:
This is a picture of a first year ice floe, or ice that grows during one winter.  It is usually smooth and is commonly 0.5 to 1.0 m thick.  The ice has been  broken up to form rafts.  A research ship is in the left corner.
Ridges are long extents of compressed, broken pieces of first year ice.  Their thicknesses can vary greatly.
Multi-year ice has grown during at least  two consecutive winters and is 3 to 5 m thick.  It is not as smooth as first-year ice.  A weathered ridge crosses this floe.
2.  Why does SEA ICE float?
Sea ice floats because it is less dense in the solid phase than it is in the liquid phase.  If sea ice were MORE dense in the solid phase, it would sink to the bottom of the ocean (light things can't carry heavy things too well, right?  Sinking, dense ice would cause the oceans to freeze to their beds, so animals and plants which live on the ocean floor would die!
3.  How does the structure of SEA ICE help it to float?
Sea ice is made of oxygen atoms and hydrogen atoms that are joined together like a net.  Hydrogen bonding gives ice all of its unusual  properties.  As ice melts, hydrogen bonds are broken.  The molecules become more closely packed, or more DENSE.  This is why ice can float on water!
4.  Where can I find some SEA ICE?
Sea ice is found in the North (Arctic) and South (Antarctic) Polar regions. In the Arctic, there is a permanent body of ice.
5. Is SEA ICE the same thing as ICEBERGS?
No way!  Icebergs are broken pieces of glaciers which originate from masses of snowfall on land.  Here is a shuttle picture of the Malaspina Glacier in Alaska:
Glaciers carry sediment around with them as they move, and these sediments can be studied to determine where the glacier or iceberg originated.
This is a dirty iceberg in the Weddell Sea, which is east of the Antarctic Peninsula.  For more on glaciers, click here.
6.  Why isn't SEA ICE very salty? Could I eat it for breakfast?
Well, along with a balanced diet of toast, juice, and milk, sure!  It is about as salty as the ice in your refrigerator!  Although sea ice is made from salty sea water, the salt molecules are rejected back into the liquid as ice forms.  There isn't much room for salt molecules to be trapped in the close-knit structure of sea ice.  And as far as breakfast goes, there's even a kind of ice called Pancake Ice, which are small (1-3 m in diameter) and formed when slushy ice is clumped together by ocean wave action:
7.  What is it about SEA ICE that we want to measure?
The oceanic processes of greatest significance in the Polar seas are those related to the presence of ice and include its thickness, compactness and type, its motion, the presence and energetics of ice-margin phenomena such as bands and eddies, and the penetration of oceanic swell into the ice pack.
Thus, scientists use the SAR images to measure ice concentration, ice type, ice motion, ice thickness, and ice margin structure.
