Contact us
Why is the sea salty?
If the salinity of the sea was not constant the sea would not be able to support the many organisms which have evolved to live in it, and life as we know it would not exist.
If we take some seawater in a cup of dish and let the water evaporate off we will find a white encrustation, this is sodium chloride, basically the table salt we put on our chips (probably wiser to keep buying it, and not save pennies producing your own.) However although we have now proven that the sea contains salt, it is only when we remove the water that the salt actually occurs, when we add water the white crystals disappear as the salt dissolves in the , in other words the crystals of sodium chloride disintegrate into separate sodium ions and chloride ions.
One commonly held belief is that the salt in sea water is from land run off, coming via the rivers to the sea. However if this were the case, then surely the seas would get more and more salty?  In fact scientists have proven that the salt concentration in the sea has remained the same for over 200 million years.
If we compare the different solutes dissolved in sea water to river water, we find very different percentages, river water only contains a small amount of chlorine and sodium (about 5% each), but a lot of bicarbonate, calcium and sulphate ions, 35%, 20% and 12% respectively.  The sea as we know is mostly chlorine (55%) and sodium (31%), and only 0.4% bicarbonate, 1% calcium and 8% sulphate. Therefore it is safe to assume that the oceans salinity is not governed by the minerals and solutes entering the sea via river water.  The solutes brought by the rivers do not change the balance of minerals and solutes dissolved in the sea as they are regulated through many processed including sedimentation, exchange with the sea beds and atmosphere, biological processes and geological transformations. The concentration of different solutes in the sea has remained the same since the primordial seas (when the seas were first formed).
For example the calcium coming from the river water is very important for many crustaceans (crabs, shrimps and barnacles) and molluscs (oysters, clams and mussels), which use it to build their shells, once they die the shells fall to the bottom of the sea and the calcium remains trapped in the sediment.  The large amount of sodium present in seawater is due to the fact that sodium is very soluble and is evacuated through sedimentation, therefore only a small amount is lost through sedimentation over time.  The chlorine is not involved in any geological or biological processes, and since the rivers bring only very small quantities of this element we assume that the chlorine must have been in the Earth’s atmosphere from the beginning of time on this planet, when the water vapour was cooling to become liquid and the seas and oceans were being forming.   
