Τρίτη, 22 Φεβρουαρίου 2011
Why Are the Oceans Salty? What Keeps the Oceans at the Same Level of Saltiness?
Most of the salt in the ocean is there because of the processes of dissolving and leaching from the solid earth over hundreds of millions of years, according to Dr. Eugene C. LaFond, president of La- Fond Oceanic Consultants. Rivers take the salt out of rocks and carry them into oceans; these eroded rocks supply the largest portion of salt in the ocean.
But other natural phenomena contribute to the mineral load in the oceans. Salty volcanic rock washes into them. Volcanos also release salty “juvenile water,” water that has never existed before in the form of liquid. Fresh basalt flows up from a giant rift that runs through all the oceans’ basins. With all of these processes dumping salt into the oceans, one might think that the seas would get saturated with sodium chloride, for oceans, like any other body of water, keep evaporating. Ocean pray is continuously released into the air; and the recycled rain fills the rivers, which aids in the leaching of salt from rocks. Yet, according to the Sea Secrets Information Services of the International Oceanographic Foundation at the University of Miami, the
concentration of salts in the ocean has not changed for quite a while—about, oh, 1.5 billion years or so. So how do oceans rid themselves of some of the salt?
First of all, sodium chloride is extremely soluble, so it doesn’t tend to get concentrated in certain sections of the ocean. The surface area of the oceans is so large (particularly since all the major oceans are interconnected) that the salt is relatively evenly distributed.
Second, some of the ions in the salt leave with the sea spray. Third, some of the salt disappears as adsorbates, in the form of gas liquids sticking to particulate matter that sinks below the surface of the ocean. The fourth and most dramatic way sodium chloride is removed from the ocean is by thelarge accumulations left in salt flats on ocean coasts, where the water is shallow enough to evaporate.
It has taken so long for the salt to accumulate in the oceans that the amount of salt added and subtracted at any particular time is relatively small. While the amount of other minerals in the ocean has changed dramatically, the level of salt in the ocean, approximately 3.5 percent, remains constant.
Αναρτήθηκε από ΕΛΕΝΗ ΠΟΘΟΥ-ΕΠΙΤΡΟΠΑΚΗ στις 3:17 μ.μ.
