Eurasia Basin, 17,881 ft deep
WHAT CAUSES OCEAN WAVES?
The winds cause waves on the surface of the ocean (and on lakes). The wind transfers some of its energy to the water, through friction between the air molecules and the water molecules.  Stronger winds (like storm surges) cause larger waves.  You can make your own miniature waves by blowing across the surface of a pan of water.
Waves of water do not move horizontally, they only move up and down (a wave does not represent a flow of water).   You can see a demonstration of this by watching a floating buoy bob up and down with a wave; it does not, however, move horizontally with the wave.
Tsunamis (sometimes called tidal waves) are different from surface waves; they are usually caused by underwater earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, or landslides.
WHAT CAUSES THE TIDES?
Tides are periodic rises and falls of large bodies of water.  Tides are caused by the gravitational interaction between the Earth and the Moon.  The gravitational attraction of the moon causes the oceans to bulge out in the direction of the moon.
Another bulge occurs on the opposite side, since the Earth is also being pulled toward the moon  (and away from the water on the far side). Since the earth is rotating while this is happening, two tides occur each day. Isaac Newton was the first person to explain tides scientifically.
For information on spring and neap tides, click here .
WHY IS THE OCEAN BLUE?
Sunlight is made up of all the colors of the rainbow: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet.  Some of the sunlight is reflected off the surface of the water, reflecting the color of the sky .   Some of the sunlight penetrates the water and is scattered by ripples and particles in the water (this tinges the appearance of the ocean with the color of the particles).  In deep water, much of the sunlight is scattered by the oxygen in the water, and this scatters more of the blue light.
Water absorbs more of the red light in sunlight; the water also enhances the scattering of blue light. Sir Chandrasekhar Venkata Raman (an Indian physicist) won the Nobel prize in 1930 for his work on light.
Some Oddly-Colored Seas:
The Red Sea often looks red because of red algae that live in this sea.
The Black Sea looks almost black because it has a high concentration of hydrogen sulfide (which appears black).
WEB LINKS ABOUT THE OCEANS, OCEAN LIFE, AND WATER ON EARTH
