Answers archive: The Arctic and Antarctic
Q: Why doesn't the Arctic have a huge ice sheet like the Antarctic?
A: An ice sheet is a mass of ice sitting on land; the one that covers almost    all of the Antarctic continent is more than two miles thick in places. This    continent, which is larger than the USA's contiguous 48 states, surrounds the    South Pole.
The Arctic Ocean surrounds the North Pole, which means its ice is sea ice that    floats on the ocean. Greenland, in the Arctic, does have an ice sheet, but it's    smaller than Antarctica's.
The USATODAY.com Understanding    polar ice page has a lot more information.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com weather editor, July 21, 2004)
Q: I heard somewhere that    liquid water can reach 30 degrees Fahrenheit in some places just below icebergs    in Antarctica. Is this true? We all know that water freezes at 32 degrees so    how could this happen? Is there something about the consistency of the water    there that is different from everyday water or is this just an untrue statement?
A: The "fact" that    water freezes at 32 degrees is one of those things "everyone knows" that just isn't true. What is true is that ice begins melting at 32 degrees    F (zero Celsius).
Tiny amounts of water, such as cloud or rain drops, can    cool well below 32 degrees without turning into ice. Such water is "supercooled" and is responsible for freezing rain and dangerous ice that can form on airplanes    that fly into clouds of supercooled water.
It's true that larger amounts of water begin turning into    ice at 32 degrees, but as any highway department driver in places where snow    falls can tell you, salt and other chemicals lower the freezing point of water.    That's why millions of dollars are spent each year spreading salt on highways;    it either prevents ice from forming or melts ice that's already there.
Obviously no one is spreading salt in the ocean. But, when    salty sea water becomes cold enough to turn to ice, the salt in the water is    expelled and falls into the water below the ice, creating a layer of salty water.    Ice that forms from ocean water is called "sea ice."
You mention ice bergs, which are different. Icebergs are    pieces of a glacier or ice sheet that has pushed to the edge of a continent    or an island and broken off to float away in the ocean. Glaciers and ice sheet    are formed by snow that piles up over many, many years and doesn't melt because    summers aren't warm enough. This snow becomes compacted into glacier ice as    more snow piles up on top of it. Since glaciers and ice sheets are made of snow,    they are fresh water - not salt water.
If you go to the USATODAY.com Understanding    polar ice page you can learn more about ice. For a quicker look at the importance    of salt that's expelled when sea ice forms, look at our graphic: Arctic    Ocean hides icy puzzles .
(Answered by Jack Williams,    USATODAY.com weather editor, June 24, 2004)
Q: What is the diameter of the ice field around the North Pole, and how    cold is it there?
A: The ice around the North Pole is sea ice, floating on the Arctic Ocean.    In the winter it fills the ocean, and even stretches out of the Arctic Ocean    between Greenland and Canada. This means it covers the ocean from the North    Pole to Alaska's northern coast, about 1,300 miles from the Pole, and to the    northern coast of Russia and Europe, very roughly the same distance as from    the Pole to Alaska. On the average, winter ice in the Arctic covers about 5.8    million square miles of ocean
In the summer, when a lot of ice melts, Arctic ice covers only about 3.5 million    square miles, leaving a lot of open water around the edges. But since the wind    pushes the ice to and fro, you can't count on any particular part of the ocean being ice free.
You'll find a lot more about the Arctic Ocean and its ice by going to Scientists    struggle to learn Arctic Ocean's secrets , a story I did after spending a    few days on a research ship in the Arctic Ocean. More information is available    on our Understanding    the Arctic page and our Understanding    polar ice page.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com weather editor, May 1, 2003)
Question      Answered: Does the ozone hole affect those who work in Antarctica?
Q: If the ice in Antarctica melted, would that cause the world to turn upside    down? Do the north and south poles hold the world in a balance?
A: No and no. While Antarctica holds a lot of ice, the Earth is so large and    so heavy that the weight of all of this ice is such a tiny part of it that it    doesn't really make any difference in the Earth's balance. Something else to    consider: Earth is spinning on its axis – the imaginary line running from    the South Pole to the North Pole. Things that spin are "stable," that    is they will continue pointing in the same direction. A top spinning on a table    is a good example.
Some people might think this is a silly question, but it's not. The ancient    Greeks, who included some very smart people, believed that Earth had a continent    around the South Pole because without it, the Earth would tip over. They were    right about the continent of Antarctica, but for the wrong reason.
You'll find a lot of information about the ice at both ends of the Earth by    going to the USATODAY.com Understanding    polar ice page.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com weather editor, Feb. 21, 2003)
Q: I was wondering if you could tell me if Global Positioning Systems work    at the North and South poles, and if so, do they pick up satellites as easily    as a GPS located on the equator. I have heard that a GPS is not as reliable    at the poles due to the low position of the satellites on the horizon.
Jack Williams, USATODAY.com
Communications satellite antennas in Barrow,        Alaska, at 71 degrees north latitude, point almost at the horizon to pick        up signals from geostationary satellites.
A: Global Positioning Systems work as well at the poles as anywhere else because    the 24 GPS satellites are in orbits that are inclined to the equator. I found    a diagram showing, in a general way, the orbits    of the 24 GPS satellites on the GIS Illinois Web site.. As the text with    the diagram mentions, the system is designed so that at least four GPS satellites    will be in view of any spot on Earth at any time – including, of course,    the North and South poles.
The satellites that do not work well, if at all, at the poles are communications    satellites in geostationary orbit. Such satellites, including geostationary    weather satellites, orbit over the equator at a distance above the Earth that    makes their orbital speed match the speed of Earth's rotation. This means they    stay in the same spot in the sky relative to any location on Earth. This is    why you can point the dish that picks up television signals at one spot in the    sky and pick up the signal 24 hours a day. But, these satellites are below the    horizon from the poles. The U.S. station at the South Pole gets around this    to some extent by using older geostationary satellites that are no longer in    perfect orbits, but that swing north and south of the equator. People at the    the South Pole Station refer to a satellite being "up," which means    they can communicate.
If you look at the Live    South Pole Web cam from the U.S. National Oceanographic and Atmospheric    Admnistation's lab there, you'll see a notice that: "The picture is taken    within the last 15 minutes assuming the satellite connection is operational."
It turns out that GPS is used extensively in Antarctica, including at the South    Pole. For instance, with a story I did in 1999 on Heroic    age still lives in Antarctica , I have a photo of a scientist with a GPS    unit he will put on the ice to measure its movement. The story contrasts the    technology, such as GPS, that scientists use today with what was available to    early 20th century explorers.
Also, each Jan. 1 the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) determines the position    of the South Pole in relation to the buildings and other facilities at the South    Pole Station. This has to be done because the ice there is moving about 30 feet    a year, carrying everything on top of the ice to a new position in relation    to the Pole. Since 1991 the USGS has been using GPS to do this. You'll find    more about this on a USGS    Web page.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com weather editor, Oct. 28, 2002)
Q: Are the polar ice caps melting? If so, why?
Josh Landis, National Science        Foundation
Antarctic ice carried to the ocean by huge        icebergs, like this one in 2001, is replaced or mostly replaced by snow        falling on Antarctica.
A: There seems to be some melting, but how much is almost impossible to say.    An article reviewing the current state of scientific knowledge in the Aug. 30,    2002 issue of Science says "… the Greenland Ice Sheet is losing    mass …the West Antarctic Ice Sheet…is probably thinning overall" and scientists can't determine whether the East Antarctic Ice Sheet (the larger    part of Antarctica's ice) is gaining or losing.
When they say "losing mass," scientists mean that an ice sheet is    losing more water from melting than it's gaining from falling snow. The water    needed for the snow comes from the oceans around Greenland or Antarctica.
The Antarctic Ice Sheet is roughly as large as the 48 contiguous 48 U.S. states    plus about half of Mexico. As you can imagine, measuring how much snow is falls    on such a huge area and how much ice is melting around the edges to flow into    the ocean as water is almost impossible, although satellite measurement techniques    are getting better..
Anyway, the Science article says the ice melting from Greenland and    maybe melting from Antarctica each year would be enough to raise global sea    levels by around 0.01 inch.
You'll find more on what ice in the polar regions is doing by going to the    USATODAY.com Understanding    polar ice page.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com Weather Editor, Sept. 17, 2002)
Q: In the early days of air travel, why was it dangerous to fly over Antarctica?
Jack Williams, USATODAY.com
A New York Air National Guard LC-130 transport slides        past a U.S. Navy LC-130 in January 1999 at Williams Field near the U.S.        McMurdo Station in Antarctica. These airplane land on skis on Antarctic "ski ways" instead of runways. .
A: Flying over Antarctica is still more dangerous than flying in just about    any other part of the world. Some of these dangers are discussed in a story    I did in 1999 and updated in 2001: Even    at its best, polar flying is challenging. Links from this story will take    you to a lot more information on today's Antarctic flying.
Today, airliners routinely fly over the Arctic, sometimes right over the North    Pole, because the shortest air route from Europe to Asia and even from parts    of North America to Asia go over the Arctic. To see why, look at a globe, not    at a flat world map with the Arctic across the top and Antarctica across the    bottom.
Commercial flights do not routinely fly across Antarctica. Almost all of the    flights there today carry scientists, the people who support them, and their    supplies and equipment to and from different parts of Antarctica. A few adventure    travel companies also fly people to and from parts of Antarctica.
Antarctic flying was a lot more dangerous in the 1920s when Admiral Richard    Byrd's expeditions began the long history of U.S. Navy Antarctic flying that    ended in 1999. On Nov. 29, 1929 Byrd and three other men flew a Navy Ford Tri-Motor    airplane from the Little America Base near the Antarctic Coast to the South    Pole. These men were in greater danger than those who fly in Antarctica today    because there were no other airplanes available to even drop supplies to them    if they had gone done far from the base. Today's polar fliers are prepared to    wait for days for a rescue, but they know that when the weather clears up, other    airplanes and their crews will come to their rescue.
You'll find more about the 1929 South Pole flight in our story on The    race to the South Pole. You will find links to more information on our Understanding    and researching Antarctic history page.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com weather editor, June 16, 2002)
Peter West, NSF
Scientists say huge Antarctica icebergs, like B-15A seen        here from a Coast Guard helicopter, are not a sign of global warming. When        the bergs break up and melt they don't raise sea levels because they broke        off from ice that was already floating.
Q: I learned in science the ice caps are melting and causing the water to    rise while we are having a drought. My question is, how can we have a drought    when the ice caps are melting and places are slightly beginning to flood?
A: First, the "melting" ice caps. It sounds like someone has given    you the impression that we are seeing big increases in sea level because of    melting ice caps.
This isn't happening. While many glaciers in the middle latitudes are melting,    the Earth's two big ice caps, the ones that cover Greenland and Antarctica are    not quickly melting. The latest evidence seems to be that Greenland's ice cap    is losing a little more ice than it gains each year from falling snow. In January    scientists reported that the West    Antarctic Ice Sheet is actually growing. You'll find a lot more information    by gong to the USATODAY.com Understanding    polar melting page.
Even if sea levels were quickly rising this would not directly affect drought,    such as the ones now going on in a large part of the USA. In simple terms, drought    refers to a lack of normal rain and snow over a long period of time. This means    that water levels in rivers, lakes and ponds tends to drop. It often also means    that levels of underground water also drop, which means water wells might go    dry.
If sea levels were rising quickly, flooding land, it wouldn't help end a drought    because sea water is salty. It would kill crops in fields that it flooded. Also,    people and animals can't drink sea water unless the salt is taken out and this    is expensive.
You'll find a lot more information by going to our Understanding    floods and droughts page.
(Answered by Jack Williams, USATODAY.com weather editor, March 7, 2002)
Q: One of our local weathermen made a statement the icebergs are salt water.    I do not think I believe that. Can you please clear this up for me?
A: You're right to wonder about such a statement. Icebergs are huge chunks    of ice that break off of glaciers at the edge of the ocean and float away.
Almost all of them come from places where the Greenland Ice Sheet and the Antarctic    Ice Sheet meet the oceans, but some icebergs come from smallerer glaciers. The    ice sheets are formed by snow falling over thousands, even millions, of years
This snow does have various things in it, such as dust and a little sea salt    that are blown over the ice to be swept out of the air by the falling snow.    But, there isn't nearly enough material to make the ice "salty."
In both Greenland and Antarctica, the snow is among the cleanest in the world    because both are far away from sources of pollution. A USATODAY.com graphic    shows how Greenland's    ice cap builds up and creates icebergs.
Even sea ice, which is formed by the freezing of the ocean's salt water isn't    as salty as the ocean it floats in. As water begins freezing it expels salt,    which goes into the water under the ice, making this water more dense that surrounding    ocean water. The sinking of this heavier, saltier water is one of the sources    of the global system of ocean currents that help transport heat from the tropics    to the polar regions and move cold water into the tropics. A USATODAY.com story    on how the freezing and melting of sea ice around Antarctica mentions the role    of saltier water in driving global ocean currents. (7-26-99)
More answers to questions about the Arctic, Antarctic
