Night-Shining Clouds
Why? Tell Me Why! (02:14)
Do you ever wonder why you can sometimes see clouds at night? Kasey-Dee Gardner talks to a cloud investigator to find out how and why this happens.
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:51)
Shark populations are declining worldwide. Kasey-Dee Gardner dives in for the answer.
Why? Tell Me Why! (00:53)
Ever wondered why we have nose and eye boogers? Kasey Dee Gardner finds out why.
Why? Tell Me Why! (02:27)
Feeling a little parched? Kasey-Dee Gardner finds out why.
Morning Breath
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:53)
Every morning we wake up to a not so pleasant taste in our mouth. This week on Why? Tell Me Why! Kasey-Dee finds out the root of nasty morning breath.
Voice Recognition
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:24)
Have you ever realized how different your voice sounds on an answering machine? This week, Kasey-Dee Gardner finds out which one is your "true" voice and why.
Earth Spins
Why? Tell Me Why! (02:04)
We all know the Earth spins round and round, but did you know it?s slowing down? This week we have the answer.
Brown Fruit
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:47)
Don't you hate when your banana turns brown before you get to eat it? This week Kasey-Dee finds out what causes it.
Cell Phones on Planes
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:29)
Why do we have to turn off our cell phones when we fly? Kasey Dee answers the call and gets the answer.
Asteroid and Meteorite
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:32)
Think you know the difference between an asteroid and a meteorite?  This week Kasey-Dee Gardner gets the answer.
Runny Noses
Why? Tell Me Why! (01:08)
With winter here, it seems like our noses are runny faucets. This week Kasey-Dee Gardner finds out why this disgusting phenomenon happens.
Blood Types
Why? Tell Me Why! (02:07)
Humans have four different blood types - have you ever wondered why that's the case? This week Kasey-Dee Gardner finds out.
 
Oceans Provide Flood of Info
Earth (03:11)
With 3,000 monitors floating through the world's oceans at once, scientists are getting a flood of information about our seas. Discovery News' James Williams dives into the story.
Swimming With Sharks
Animals (02:50)
Discovery  News' Kasey-Dee dives in for the chance to swim with sharks and explains how you can too.
Colossal Squid Makes Big...
Animals (01:21)
The world's largest colossal squid specimen is being dissected in a New Zealand lab. James Williams looks at the findings.
Thar's (Still) Gold in Them...
Earth (03:09)
Gold prices are at all-time highs and a new gold rush is on in Alaska. Jorge Ribas finds a few prospectors looking to strike it rich.
 
Glaciers vs. Tectonics
When Earth Erupts (02:55)
Nick Isles heads back to New Zealand's South Island, to explore on a massive scale the process of land creation and destruction caused by glacial and plate tectonic activity.
 
Glaciers Vs. Tectonics
When Earth Erupts (02:56)
Nick Isles heads back to New Zealand's South Island, to explore on a massive scale the process of land creation and destruction caused by glacial and plate tectonic activity.
Preventing Sea Urchin Orgies
Animals (03:01)
Keeping your sea urchins calm and sedate on the way back to the lab is an important part of studying their fertility. James Williams finds out why.
Homeland Security Seeks Levee...
Tech (01:50)
The Dept. of Homeland Security is searching for the most effective way to quickly patch breached levees. Discovery News' James Williams reviews some of the options.
Acid Rain Eating Washington,...
Earth (02:29)
Acid rain damage can be seen on many of the monuments in our nation's capital. Discovery News' James Williams takes a tour.
Q&A: Synthetic Life
Tech (02:32)
Biologist J. Craig Venter helped crack the human genome. His next goal: create life. Jorge Ribas talks to him about the promise and perils of synthetic biology.
Nano Storage
Tech (02:51)
Extremophiles, micro-organisms that can live in volcanos, space and the deep oceans, are still a mystery, but one scientist has found a way to use them to study other elements. Discovery News gets the scoop.
Bikes Smarten Up in US
Earth (02:07)
The first bike-sharing program in the United States will be open soon in hopes of relieving congestion and pollution in metropolitan areas.
 
