#16 3 October 2010 - 08:13 PM D H  
Physics Expert
michel123456, on  3 October 2010 - 05:00 PM, said:
I don't believe it. IMHO oceans were always salty, and rivers never were.
Just curious, is that a "La la la, I can't hear you" I don't believe it, a "that's how god created things" I don't believe it, or just a "I don't see it" I don't believe it?
insane_alien, on  3 October 2010 - 05:13 PM, said:
well, then thats just your opinion.
Not just his opinion, mark you. From what I could tell with some searching is that the jury is still out on this. That the first oceans were fresh stands to reason given that rainfall is nearly pure water and river outflow has but a rather salinity. That the first oceans were saltier than today's oceans also stands to reason. If the oceans were dried out the resulting salt was spread evenly over the Earth the result would be a 500 foot thick layer of salt. The stuff of the early Earth probably saltier than it is today after 4 billion years of leaching. This would have made paleorivers a lot saltier than the rivers of today. Combine that with the high temperatures of the Hadeon (more evaporation) and a smaller ocean means the first oceans might well have been a lot saltier than those of today. You will find people, and people who study this stuff, espousing both views on the 'net.
If I may hazard a guess, the salinity of the first oceans lay somewhere between 0 and 40% (saturation level at 100 C). From what I can see, anything else is pretty much speculation.
Quote
Fact: there isn't anywhere else for the salt to go to the oceans are the worlds biggest evapourative concentrators.
Not a fact. That fact was once used as the basis for estimating the age of the Earth. The result: 62 million years. Something is awry here, and what is awry is the assumption that there isn't anywhere else for the salt to go. As mentioned earlier, plate tectonics gives an outlet for that salty water. With ocean water salinity about 200 times that of inflowing river water, the outflow rate due to subduction can be quite a bit less than the inflow rate and still maintain a more or less constant salinity.
This post has been edited by D H:  3 October 2010 - 08:14 PM
0
