
'Jersey Shore' season 3, episode 6: Why is the ocean salty? Snooki gives raunchy answer - New York Daily News
Snooki got a wake up call when new guy Jeff told her about his dating history… (MTV )
'Jersey Shore' season 3, episode 6: Why is the ocean salty? Snooki gives raunchy answer
BY ANTHONY BENIGNO
DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER
Friday, February 04, 2011
Ronnie and Sammi relapsed into turmoil on Thursday night's "Jersey Shore," and Vinny got philosophical as a result: "Hell must be just like this," he mused of the shore house, which steadily crumbled into a heap of drama over the course of the hour.
"Hell" seems an apt description of the Ron/Sam mess, in any case. They start the episode all smiles and hugs, but then the hiccups start. First, Ronnie gets so drunk at Karma that he ends up with blood in his stool the next morning. Sammi is displeased. In any case, the couple rebounds nicely by bonding over the shame of Ronnie's anal exam, where a nice Seaside doctor nonchalantly roots around Ron-Ron's bum for a few minutes before telling the big guy to lay off the sauce. Heh.
The afterglow from that little jaunt doesn't last long, though: Ronnie spends the next episode becoming increasingly more irritatable. After the girls skimp on cleaning the kitchen, the fighting gets even worse (even Pauly D calls Ron and Sam out for fighting too much). At the end of the episode, Ronnie calls Sammi a "selfish b---h," breaks up with her and vows to make her life miserable. To her credit, Sammi puts up a fight. But if the promos for next week are any indication, she's got her work cut out for her.
If not hell, Snooki's definitely in limbo this week, bouncing from glorious highs to crushing lows. She begins the night by passing out in J-Woww's makeshift dog pound, where she isn't found till the next morning (low). But then, she takes a juicehead home (high) and seems to really like him until the guy, who's in the army, reveals that he'd given his girlfriend a promise ring before shipping out (low). (Snooki also reveals her secret career as a marine biologist the next morning when she says she won't go into the ocean. Why? Because "it's full of whale sperm ... that's why the water is salty.") Moving on, Snooki dismisses the guy, but perks up after buying a skimpy, baseball-player costume at a sex shop (high?), then plummets after getting yelled at by Danny the T-Shirt Guy for not doing her job (low). She ends up consoling Sammi on the roof over her umpteenth fight with Ronnie (eh).
