The Dead Sea
The Dead Sea
From the Dead Sea: At 1,300 feet below sea level, it’s the lowest point on the earth’s surface.
The Dead Sea is very appropriately named.  With the exception of a few species of bacteria and algae, no plant or animal life can survive in these waters. More than 6 times saltier than ocean water, these are some of saltiest waters anywhere in the world.
During yesterday’s spa treatments I learned about some of the minerals in the Dead Sea, but I had no idea I would be able to actually SEE them! When I first stepped into the water, small rings of oil radiated around me. It seemed that every time I took another step, more of these oily minerals were released from the sandy sea bottom. And, when I finally stepped out from the water, my skin was coated in a thin layer of oil.
Then, of course, there is the floating. Bodies are just more buoyant in the Dead Sea, so it’s impossible for a person to sink. Being able to test this was an awesome little science experiment. Everyone looked as if they were sitting in an underwater recliner! I laid back with a magazine in hand. Floating lazily I enjoyed the warm water.
No trip to the Dead Sea is complete with out the mud experience. Visitors as far back as ancient times have flocked to the Dead Sea for this mud’s supposed healing properties and slathered themselves in it. Adam was the first team member to start making himself into a human mud-pie; I wasn’t very far behind! Once we were both sufficiently filthy, I decided to do a little finger painting on Adam’s stomach. In honor of our last adventure in Jordan and the end of our journey, ‘Jordan’ is exactly was I wrote on him. Much to Adam’s embarrassment I have included the photo for you above!
Signing off until our next adventure,
Ilana
Did you miss something? Go back to Amman and start from the beginning.
 
VIDEO: How did the Dead Sea form?
VIDEO: Why is the Dead Sea so salty?
VIDEO: Why do people float in the Dead Sea?
VIDEO: The Red-Dead Sea Project.
RELATED VIDEO: Dead Sea Mud Treatment
