Beyond your expectations, beyond your imagination: The Universe.
Posted 12 July 2007 - 06:08 PM
Quote
Why is the sea so salty? No, not just because of salt. Well there is this legend that whales release 360 gallons or so of sperm, but only 10% goes into the mate. The rest goes into the sea. Sperm can be salty (Of course I only heard this from someone). It could be very well true...or not. Its really up to you to decide. But to be on the safe side, don't drink sea water (as if you want to). I remember hearing this from somewhere, so I thought I'd share it with others.
Erm.......... defenetly not, the sperm decomposts and dries out very fast due to it's microscopic size. Bacteria act on it and finish it fast. So no the sea is not salty becuase of whale sperm. The sea is salty due to it's chemical composition of salts.
Quote
Salt as one normally thinks of it (``table salt") is sodium chloride, and one has to understand how it is that this is the dominant dissolved mineral in sea water. Here one has to know that when the oceans were formed, a lot of sodium was leached out of the bottom of the ocean (sodium is quite common and forms compounds that are quite soluble). Chlorine is also quite common and often comes out of the earth's interior from volcanoes and thermal vents. This means there is a huge preference for salt as the main mineral in sea water, although bits of other rarer and/or less soluble substances also make it into the sea.
The ocean's salt levels seem to have been pretty much constant for millions of years, presumably due to a recycling process that involves chunks of sea bed being carried under the surface of the earth by the motion of plates that make up the earth's surface. This motion is believed to drag salt with it and help keep the salinity constant.
So... DEBUNKED!
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former."
- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
"Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact."
- George Eliot (1819-1880)
