Why the Sea is Salty?
A myth submitted to the site by Marnie
Philippines
Long, long time ago, in the South coast of Asia, there is a big cave whom a giant live there. His name is Asong. The villagers near the cave knew him and Asong always helped the transport salt from the mountains to their village for everyday use. Since he was gigantic, he can travel half of the world just in three days.
But once, the town's people from other towns heard about how productive the village was, they planned to associate with the villagers there; but honestly the want to invade the place. Knowing by the number of people, they forcefully set a deal with the villagers for a promise of greater production in return. But, in spite of their few numbers, they disagreed because they knew that if the town's people knew about Asong, they will freak out and maybe they will capture Asong and make him a source of entertainment to everyone. Also, news really flies that's why Asong heard the news immediately and his anger defeated him. He rage directly to the invaders and drove them away and the villagers celebrated for the greatness Asong did for them.
Even though, Asong drove them, they still would't give up so they planned scheme how they can get rid of the giant.
Meanwhile, while Asong was transferring bags and bags of salt from the mountain to the village, the invaders sneaked to the forest and as soon as Asong reach the shore they broke jars full of ants to attack Asong to let the villagers know that nothing and no one can get in their way of succeeding. Because of the itchiness Asong felt because of ant bites he could't control his balance and fell down splashing into the water. Because of that, the salt sank down, down into the depth.
Because of what happened, the villagers' will to fight rose up and in the end, defeated the town's people. But, unfortunately, Asong drowned himself and the villagers couldn't do anything to move Asong because he's very big. The villagers just acknowledged the great deed Asong gave them and buried him there eventually by just putting soil all over his body.
By the end, because time passes, Asong became a complete land and the people called the land Asia derived from Asong's name and because of Asong, the Sea is Salty.
By Marnie
