Topics Covered in this Lecture:
What is Salinity?
The "Salt Mill" in the Sea
Distribution of Salinity in the World Ocean
Overview
We now come to a discussion of one of the most well-known aspects of the sea,  its saltiness. For people who grew up far from the sea where the only waves were  amber waves of grain, there is usually a shock of sorts when they jump in the  ocean and get their first taste of seawater. It's a much different taste than  the fishing hole back home! The reason for this is because the sea contains  various salts and other elements. In this lecture, we examine the constituents  of seawater and gain an understanding for processes that contribute and remove  salt from the sea. Finally, we will see how the saltiness of the sea changes  with latitude across the global oceans, a phenomenon that will be of some  importance to our understanding of the circulation of the seas and the  distribution of organisms within the sea.
What is Salinity?
In our last lecture, we learned that water is an amazing solvent. Just about  anything and everything dissolves in water, and this is no less true for the  oceans. It is said that the oceans contain every element on the planet dissolved  in one form or another. There is even some truth to the statement that if the  price of gold went high enough, the oceans would be the site of the next gold  rush.
Because water is a polar molecule, it is particularly good at dissolving  molecules that separate into ions. Ions are nothing more than the charged  elements of atoms; an ionic solution is a liquid containing the positive and  negative ions of a particular salt. The most common salt is sodium chloride,  ordinary table salt. The chemical symbol for sodium is Na and the chemical  symbol for chloride is Cl, so the chemical symbol for salt is NaCl. Now it just  so happens that when salt is dissolved in water, it separates into these two  parts, namely, Na and Cl. However, when Na and Cl separate, they take their  electrical charge with them. In the case of Na, it retains a positive charge;  thus, it becomes Na+, a positive ion. In the case of Cl, it retains a negative  charge; thus, it becomes Cl-, a negative ion.
As shown in your book, water molecules align themselves around Na and Cl in  accordance with the positive and negative charges of hydrogen and oxygen.  (Remember that opposite charges attract and negative charges repel.) This  ability of water to arrange itself around positive and negative ions is what  makes water such an excellent solvent and allows it to dissolve so many  different substances. In formal chemical terms, the dissolution of NaCl in  seawater is expressed as:
NaCl ---- Na+ + Cl-
In this nomenclature, the positive ion (Na+) is called a cation, which refers  to any ion with a positive charge (to remember this, think of "cat" and "paws").  The negative ion Cl- is called an anion, which refers to any ion with a negative  charge (to remember this, think of "an" as "a negative").
The various ions dissolved in seawater are what make it salty. Oceanographer  define salinity as the amount of salts dissolved in seawater. More formally,  salinity is defined as the total amount of dissolved solids in seawater in parts  per thousand (ppt) by weight when all the carbonate has been converted to oxide,  all the bromide and iodide have been converted to chloride, and all organic  matter has been completely oxidized. You may choose to remember which ever  definition you like.
A listed in your book, four cations and three anions make up 99% of the ions  dissolved in seawater. In order of abundance, these are chloride (Cl-), sodium  (Na+), sulfate (SO42-), magnesium (Mg2+), calcium (Ca2+) and potassium (K+), and  bicarbonate (HCO3-). Other elements present in seawater make up what are known  as minor elements or important trace elements. Many of these latter elements are  essential to the growth of organisms in the sea.
Note that many of the trace elements are concentrated by the actions of  marine organisms, particularly iodine, which is abundantly present is many  seaweeds. This ability of marine organisms to concentrate trace elements is  called bioaccumulation, and it is an area of extreme interest to marine  biologists today. By sequestering certain elements, marine organisms are able to  produce exotic chemicals, many of which have medicinal or commercial uses.
Changes in the amounts of the major constituents account for virtually all of  the changes we observe in the salinity of seawater in the world's oceans.  Perhaps most remarkably, it was discovered in 1819 that the proportions of the  major constituents doesn't change. As first suggested by the chemist Alexander  Marcet in 1819, verified by another chemist, Georg Forchhammer, in 1865, and  finally composed as a "law" by William Ditmar in 1884, the principle of constant  proportions states that regardless of variations in salinity, the ratios between  the amount of major ions in seawater is constant. Chemists have found that in  any sample of seawater, whether it has a salinity of 20 ppt or 40 ppt, chlorine  accounts for 55% of the ions, sodium comprises 30.6%, sulfate makes up 7.7% and  magnesium measures out at 4%.
This finding was very important because it gave scientists a much easier way  to determine the concentrations of ions in seawater. Once the concentration of  one ion was known, such as the chloride ion, the concentrations of the other  ions could be calculated using the principle of constant proportions. In fact,  chemical measurements of chlorinity, the concentration of chlorine in ppt, were  the standard way of determining salinity for some time. Nowadays, salinity  sensors have been developed measure the conductivity of seawater, the ability of  seawater to transmit an electrical charge (which is made possible by the fact  that seawater is composed of ions, much like the battery in your car). By  knowing the relationship between conductivity and salinity, much easier  determinations of salinity can be performed using a conductivity probe.  Conductivity probes also have the advantage of giving measurements all through  the water column, rather than on individual water samples collected at discrete  depths.
While we're on this topic of constituents in seawater, I would like to  mention two other very important group of constituents that will concern us in a  few weeks. These are 1) the biologically important nutrients; and 2) dissolved  organic matter.
Biologically important nutrients are those chemicals that are necessary for  the growth of phytoplankton. Nitrogen compounds, including nitrate and ammonium,  are particularly important, as are phosphorus, silica, and iron. These compounds  are called nonconservative elements, because their proportions change in  seawater as a result of the growth and reproduction of phytoplankton and the  activities of organisms that feed on them. The second major group, dissolved  organic matter, is highly important to the growth and reproduction of bacteria  and many soft-bodied marine invertebrates. Marine research in the last decade  has revealed that many organisms can absorb organic matter directly through  their "skin" and obtain nutrition without eating. Absorption of dissolved  organic matter is highly important to the larval stages of mussels, abalone, and  many other marine invertebrates.
Question: What kinds of substances don't dissolve easily in seawater?
The Salt Mill in the Sea
According to Norse mythology, there is a salt mill grinding away somewhere at  the bottom of the sea, and that is why the sea is salty. For many years, this  myth received little serious attention. However, the discovery of hydrothermal  vents in the 1970s and the realization that many minerals make their way into  the sea through these vents has given some credence to this old myth. The  Vikings (like Hagar the Horrible) may have been better scientists than we give  them credit for.
The regulation of the salt content of the seas remains, in my opinion, an  unsolved puzzle. Calculations of the amount of minerals and salts added to the  oceans from rivers and the weathering of rocks far exceeds the amount currently  present in the sea. Many mechanisms for removing salt and minerals have been  postulated, and contribute some percentage of removal, but to date no one has  convincingly presented evidence for a salt removal mechanism that balances the  input to the sea. Nonetheless, the salinity of the seas remains exceptionally  constant, as it has for 1.5 billion years. How is it that the salinity of the  world oceans has not changed in all this time?
The total amount of salts and minerals in the world ocean on average is about  5 x 1022 grams, or 55 million billion tons. Using the average runoff of salt  from land due to weathering and dissolution of rocks, and assuming that rivers  have been adding salt to the sea at the same rate for the past 3.5 billion  years, it becomes clear that more salt has been added to the sea than is  presently accounted for in the sea. For salinity to remain constant, the input  of salts and minerals must be balanced with the removal of these constituents.  Thus, there has to be some way by which salt has been removed from the sea.
Since the sources of salts and minerals in the sea are fairly well defined,  we'll begin our discussion here. The major mechanisms by which salt enters the  sea are thought to be:
weathering and dissolution of rocks by rainfall
weathering and dissolution of rocks by rivers
injection of salts and minerals from hydrothermal vents
outgassing from volcanoes (both aboveground and under the ocean)
recycling of crustal material and ejection by volcanoes (i.e. island      arcs)
Weathering and dissolution of rocks by rainfall and rivers add about 2.75  billion tons of salt each year to the oceans, or about 0.000005% of the total  salt currently present. The quantities released through hydrothermal vents and  volcanic eruptions are less certain, but given that the entire volume of the  oceans is thought to circulate through hydrothermal vents once every ten million  years, the amounts cannot be insignificant. Whatever the contribution, any  additions to the salt content of the sea can only exacerbate the problem of  where all the salt is going.
To remove nearly 3 billion tons of salt each year, oceanographers have  invoked several plausible, but less than satisfactory mechanisms. The major  means by which salt and minerals are removed from seawater are:
evaporite deposition (salt deposits on land)
allochthonous salt traps (salt deposits beneath continental shelfs)
adsoprtion and sedimentation by clays and inorganic compounds
removal through hydrothermal vent chemical reactions
biological processes, such as phytoplankton growth and sedimentation
biological formation of reefs, which get buried by tectonic activity
No information is available in your text on the quantities of material  removed by any of these processes. As I research this subject further, I will  try to get some numbers for you.
The formation of evaporites occurs as shallow seas, such as the Salton Sea,  become isolated and evaporate. A giant salt deposit, more than 1000 feet thick,  is present in the deepest parts of the Mediterranean Basin. These salt deposits  formed as the Mediterranean was cut off from the Atlantic as a result of plate  tectonics. Huge salt deposits are present beneath the ocean floor in parts of  the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. However, these salt deposits alone  cannot account for the removal of all the minerals and salts that are needed to  balance the salt cycle.
Adsorption of minerals onto clays and particles that settle onto the sea  floor as deposits is another possible way that salts and minerals are removed.  Clay particles may enter the oceans through rivers and land runoff and probably  by atmospheric processes. Volcanic eruptions such as Mt. Pinatubo likely deposit  vast amounts of clay-like particles that absorb ions and carry them to the sea  floor. Clays appear to bind potassium easily, and may be responsible for  sedimentation of this element.
Hydrothermal vents can act both as a source and removal mechanism for salts.  Magnesium and sulfate appear to react with rocks in the crust. Magnesium forms  mineral deposits while sulfate is transformed to hydrogen sulfide, a source of  energy for chemoautotrophic bacteria. Whether these processes actually remove  these salts permanently is hard to tell; magnesium could re-dissolve unless  buried and sulfur could be recycled to seawater by vent organisms. Certainly,  hydrothermal vents play an important part in regulating the composition of  seawater. As more is learned about their chemistry, their role in removing salts  and minerals will become more clear. One point in their favor: hydrothermal  vents are continuously active and widespread through the oceans, unlike the  formation of evaporite deposits. Thus, they have a better potential to regulate  seawater chemistry than other mechanisms.
Biological activity is, without a doubt, an important means by which ions are  removed from seawater. Silica is removed in great quantities by a form of  phytoplankton known as diatoms. As mentioned in an earlier lecture, these  siliceous organisms are deposited on the sea floor and thrust under the  continents in subduction zones. Melting of siliceous deposits creates  pyroclastic lavas that are highly explosive. Calcium is another ion used by  marine phytoplankton. Calcareous "shells" are constructed by a group of  phytoplankton known as coccolithophorids, who bloom in great profusion in the  North Atlantic Ocean and parts of the Pacific Ocean. The shells of these  organisms are quite ornate and decorated with knobby extensions called  coccoliths. When present in sufficient numbers, they can turn the water a milky  white, owing to the calcium present in their "shells." Regardless, they  represent one means by which calcium at least can be removed from seawater and  deposited to the seafloor as these organisms are eaten and defecated or as they  die and sink to the ocean floor.
James Lovelock, founder of the Gaia Hypothesis, has proposed a most  interesting mechanism for the removal of salt from the sea. He contends that  coral reefs may represent a kind of evaporation pond built by organisms for the  purpose of removing salts from seawater. He asks: "Is it possible that the Great  Barrier Reef, off the north-east coast of Australia, is the partly finished  project for an evaporation lagoon?" He goes on to point out the presence of vast  coastal limestone cliffs and other biologically derived sedimentary deposits on  land that point to the ability of marine organisms to change the shape and  composition of the continents.
The regulation of the mineral content of the sea by marine organisms has many  aspects that are appealing. Biological processes, like hydrothermal vents, are  always active. Biological processes also tend to remove elements in specific  ratios, as the metabolic processes that govern growth occur in very specific  chemical sequences. Moreover, the influence of phytoplankton on seafloor  deposits is unquestioned; many parts of the ocean sea floor are pure silica.  Around land margins, where biological activity is the greatest, deposits derived  from marine organisms have caused uplifting. As mentioned above, biogenic  sediments also influence the composition of lava. Given the feedback mechanisms  that marine organisms and perhaps more importantly, marine communities have  developed; given the origins of many kinds of phytoplankton species 1.5 to 2  billion years ago; and given the constancy of the ocean's salinity since that  time; strong arguments might be made for a "Gaian" or at least biological  control of salinity. Only further research can reveal the magnitude of this  activity.
One last concept that is important in understanding how salts and minerals  are regulated in the ocean environment is residence time. Residence time refers  to the average time that a particular constituent spends in seawater before it  is removed by one of the processes mentioned above. Your book lists the  approximate residence times for some of the major constituents. The table  provided below, taken from Gross (Oceanography: A View of the Earth, 4th  Edition) also lists the major mechanism by which a particular ion is removed. By  knowing how an ion is removed, it is easier to understand its particular  residence time.
Reactive substances that form insoluble compounds have short residence times.  The ions of aluminum, iron, and chromium fall into this category. Soluble ions  such as sodium, potassium, and magnesium, have long residence times. Despite the  differences in residence times, the major constituents still maintain relatively  constant proportions to each other. This implies that elements with short  residence times also have quick replenishment; otherwise they would disappear  altogether.
Element
