(13.5) Important Concepts
The direct forcing of the oceanic circulation by wind discussed in the last   few chapters is limited  mostly to the upper kilometer of the water column.   Below  a kilometer lies the vast water masses of the ocean extending to depths of 4   km – 5 km. The water is everywhere cold, with a potential temperature less   than  4°C. The water mass is formed when cold, dense water sinks from the surface to great depths at high  latitudes. It spreads out from these regions to fill the ocean  basins. Deep mixing eventually pulls the water up through the thermocline over large areas of the ocean. It is this upwelling that drives the deep circulation. The vast deep ocean is usually referred to as the abyss, and the circulation as the abyssal circulation.
The densest water at the sea surface, water that is dense enough to sink to   the bottom, is formed when frigid air blows across the ocean at high latitudes   in winter in the Atlantic between Norway and Greenland and near Antarctica.   The wind cools and evaporates water. If the wind is cold enough, sea ice forms,   further increasing the salinity of the water because ice is fresher than sea water. Bottom water is  produced only in these two regions. In other polar regions, cold,   dense water is formed, but it is not quite salty enough to sink to the bottom.
At mid and low latitudes, the density, even in winter, is sufficiently low that the water cannot sink  more than a few hundred meters into the ocean. The only   exception are some seas, such as the Mediterranean Sea, where evaporation is so great that the salinity  of the water is sufficiently great for the water to sink to   intermediate depths in the seas. If these seas are can exchange water with the open ocean, the  waters formed in winter in the seas spreads out to intermediate   depths in the ocean.
Defining the Deep Circulation
Many terms have been used to describe the deep     circulation. They include:
Abyssal circulation;
Meridional overturning circulation; and
Global conveyor.
The term thermohaline   circulation was once widely used, but it has disappeared almost entirely from   the oceanographic literature (Toggweiler and Russell, 2008). It is no longer   used because it is now clear that the flow is not density driven, and because   the concept has not been clearly defined (Wunsch, 2002b).
The meridional overturning circulation is better defined. It is the zonal     average of the flow plotted as a function of depth and latitude. Plots         of the         circulation show where vertical flow is important, but they show no information         about how circulation in the gyres influences the flow.
Following Wunsch (2002b), I define the deep circulation as the circulation     of mass. Of course, the mass circulation also carries heat, salt, oxygen,           and         other properties. But the circulation of the other properties is not         the same as         the mass transport. For example, Wunsch points out that the North Atlantic         imports heat but exports oxygen.
The deep circulation is mostly wind driven, but tidal mixing is also             important.           The wind enters several ways. It cools the surface and evaporates water,           which determines where deep convection occurs. And, it produces turbulence           in the deep ocean which mixes cold water upward.
chapter contents
13.1 Importance of the Deep Circulation
The deep circulation which carries cold water from high latitudes in winter to lower latitudes  throughout the world has very important consequences.
The contrast between the cold deep water and the warm surface waters determines     the stratification of the oceans. Stratification strongly influences ocean     dynamics.
The volume of deep water is far larger than the volume of surface water.     Although currents in the deep ocean are relatively weak, they have     transports comparable to the surface transports.
The fluxes of heat and other variables carried by the deep circulation     influences Earth's heat budget and climate. The fluxes vary from decades     to centuries to millennia, and this variability is thought to modulate climate     over such time intervals. The ocean may be the primary cause of variability     over times ranging from years to decades, and it may have helped modulate     ice-age climate.
Two aspects of the deep circulation are especially important for understanding Earth's climate and  its possible response to increased carbon dioxide CO2 in the atmosphere:
The ability of      cold water to absorb CO2 from the atmosphere, and
The ability     of deep currents to modulate the heat transported from the tropics to high     latitudes.
The Oceans as a Reservoir of Carbon Dioxide
The oceans are the primary reservoir of readily available CO2, an important greenhouse gas.  The oceans contain 40,000 GtC of dissolved, particulate, and living forms of carbon. The   land contains 2,200 GtC, and the atmosphere contains only 750 GtC. Thus the oceans hold 50 times more  carbon than the air. Furthermore, the amount of   new carbon put into the atmosphere since the industrial revolution, 150 GtC, is less than the amount of  carbon cycled through the marine ecosystem in five   years. (1 GtC = 1 gigaton of carbon = 1012 kilograms of carbon.) Carbonate rocks such as  limestone, the shells of marine animals, and coral are other, much   larger, reservoirs. But this carbon is locked up. It cannot be easily exchanged with carbon in other  reservoirs.
More CO2 dissolves in cold water than in warm water. Just imagine shaking and opening a  hot can of CokeTM. The CO2 from a hot can will spew out far   faster than from a cold can. Thus the cold deep water in the ocean is the major reservoir of dissolved  CO2 in the ocean.
New CO2 is released into the atmosphere when fossil fuels and trees   are burned.  Very quickly, 48% of the CO2 released   into the atmosphere  dissolves in the cold waters of the ocean, much of which   ends up deep in the ocean.
Forecasts of future climate change depend strongly on how much CO2 is    stored in the ocean and for how long. If little is stored, or if it is stored   and later released into  the atmosphere, the concentration in the atmosphere   will change,  modulating Earth's long-wave radiation balance. How much and   how long CO2 is stored in the  ocean depends on the deep circulation and the net flux  of carbon deposited   on the seafloor. The amount that dissolves depends on the temperature of the   deep water, the storage time in the deep ocean depends on the rate at which   deep water is replenished, and the deposition depends on whether the dead plants   and animals that drop to the sea floor are oxidized.  Increased ventilation   of deep layers, and warming of the deep layers could release large quantities    of the gas to the atmosphere.
The storage of carbon in the ocean also depends on the dynamics of marine ecosystems, upwelling,  and the amount of dead plants and animals stored in   sediments. But we won't consider these processes.
Oceanic Transport of Heat
The oceans carry about half the heat out of the   tropics needed to maintain earth's temperature. Heat carried by the Gulf Stream and the north Atlantic drift warms the north Atlantic, keeping it ice free in winter, and it helps warm Europe. Norway, at 60°N is far warmer than southern Greenland or northern Labrador at the same latitude. Palm trees grow on the west coast of Ireland, but not in Newfoundland which is further south.
Wally Broecker (1987), working at Lamont-Doherty Geophysical Observatory   of Columbia University,  calls the oceanic component of the heat-transport    system the Global Conveyor Belt. The basic idea is that the Gulf Stream  carries heat to the far north Atlantic (Figure 13.1). There the surface water releases heat and water to the atmosphere. Some of the ocean water becomes sufficiently cold, salty, and dense that it sinks to the bottom in the Norwegian and Greenland Seas. It then flows saothward in very cold, bottom currents along western boundaries as a western boundary current. Some of the water remains at the surfae and returns to the south in cool surface currents such as the Labrador Current and the Portugal Current (see Figure 11.8 ).
Figure 13.1 The surface (red, orange, yellow) and deep       (violet, blue, green) currents in the North Atlantic. The North Atlantic       Current brings warm water northward where it cools. Some sinks and returns       southward as a cold, deep, western-boundary current. Some returns southward       at the surface. From Woods Hole Oceanographic     Institution.
The deep bottom water from the north Atlantic   is mixed upward in   other regions and ocean, and eventually it makes its way back to the Gulf Stream   and the North   Atlantic. Thus most of the water that sinks in the north Atlantic must be replaced   by water from the far south Atlantic. As this surface water moves northward   across the equator and eventually into the Gulf Stream, it carries heat out   of the south Atlantic. So much heat is pulled northward   by the formation of north-Atlantic bottom water in winter that heat transport   in the Atlantic is entirely northward, even in the southern hemisphere ( figure   5.11 ). Much of the solar heat absorbed by the tropical Atlantic is shipped   north to warm Europe and the northern hemisphere. Imagine then what might happen   if the supply of heat is shut off. We will get back to that topic in the next   section.
We can make a crude estimate   of the   importance   of   the conveyor-belt   circulation from a simple calculation based on what we know about waters in   the    Atlantic compiled by Bill Schmitz (1996) in his wonderful summary of his life's      work. The Gulf Stream carries 40 Sv of 18°C water northward. Of this, 14   Sv return southward in the deep western boundary   current at a temperature of      2°C. The flow carried by the conveyor belt must therefore lose 0.9 petawatts      (1 petawatt = 1015 watt) in the north Atlantic north of 24°N.   Although the calculation  is very crude, it is remarkably close to the value   of 1.2 ± 0.2 petawatts estimated much more    carefully by Rintoul and Wunsch (1991).
Note that if the water remained on the surface and returned as an eastern   boundary current, it would be far warmer than the deep current when it returned   southward. Hence, the heat transport would be much reduced. Furthermore, the   warm water would not reach high latitudes in the North Atlantic, and they would   freeze over in winter, leading to further cooling of the region.
The production of bottom water is influenced by the salinity   of surface   waters in the north Atlantic. It is also influenced by the rate of upwelling   due to   mixing in other oceanic areas. First, let's look   at the influence of   salinity.
Saltier surface waters form denser water in winter than less salty water.   At first you may think that temperature is also important, but at high   latitudes water in all ocean basins gets cold enough to freeze, so all ocean   produce -2° C water at the surface. Of this, only the most salty will   sink, and the saltiest water is in the Atlantic and under the ice on the   continental shelves around Antarctica.
The production of bottom water is remarkably sensitive to small changes in   salinity. Rahmstorf (1995), using a numerical model of the   meridional overturning circulation, showed that a ±0.1 Sv variation   of   the flow of fresh water into the north Atlantic can switch on or off the deep   circulation of 14 Sv. If the deep-water production is shut off during times   of   low salinity, the 1 petawatt of heat may also be shut off. Weaver and Hillaire-Marcel   (2004) point out that the shutdown of the production of bottom water is unlikely,   and if it did happen, it would lead to a colder Europe, not a new ice age,   because of the higher concentrations of CO2 now in the atmosphere.
I write may be shut off because the ocean is a very complex system.  We don't know if other processes will increase heat transport if the deep circulation   is disturbed. For example, the circulation at intermediate depths may increase when deep circulation  is reduced.
The production of bottom water is also remarkably sensitive to small changes   in mixing in the deep  ocean. Munk and Wunsch (1998) calculate that 2.1 TW   (terawatts = 1012 watts) are required to drive the deep circulation,    and that this small source of mechanical mixing drives a poleward heat flux    of 2000 TW. Most of the energy for    mixing comes from winds which can produce turbulent    mixing throughout the ocean. Some energy comes from    the    dissipation of tidal currents, which depend on the distribution    of the    continents. Thus during the last ice age, when sea level was much lower, tides,    tidal    currents, tidal dissipation, winds, and deep circulation all differed from    present values.
Role of the Ocean in Ice-Age Climate Fluctuations
What might happen when the production of deep water in the Atlantic is shut off? Information  contained in the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets and in north Atlantic sediments   provide important clues.
Several ice core through the Greenland ice sheet and three through the Antarctic   sheet provide a  continuous record of atmospheric conditions over Greenland   and Antarctica extending back more than 400,000  years before the present in   some cores. Annual layers in the core are counted to get age. Deeper in the    core, where annual layers are hard to see, age is calculated from depth. Occasional   world-wide dustings  of volcanic ash provide common markers in cores. Oxygen-isotope   ratios in the ice give temperatures over  parts of the northern hemisphere;   bubbles in the ice give atmospheric CO2 and methane  concentration; pollen, chemical composition, and particles give information about   volcanic eruptions,  wind speed, and direction; thickness of annual layers   gives snow accumulation rates; and isotopes of  some elements give solar and   cosmic ray activity (Alley, 2000).
Cores through deep-sea sediments in the north Atlantic made by the Ocean Drilling   Program give information about sea-surface temperature and salinity above the   core, the production of north Atlantic deep water, ice volume in glaciers, and production of icebergs.
The oxygen-isotope record in the ice cores show abrupt temperature       variability over the past 100,000        years. Many times during the last ice age, temperatures near Greenland       warmed rapidly over periods of 1-100 years, followed by gradual cooling       over longer periods (Dansgaard et al., 1993). For example, roughly 11,500       years ago,  temperatures over Greenland warmed by roughly 8°C         in 40 years in three steps, each spanning 5 years (Alley, 2000).         Such abrupt warming is called a Dansgaard/Oeschger event. Other       studies have shown that much of the northern hemisphere warmed and cooled       in phase with temperatures calculated from the ice core.
The climate of       the past 8,000 years was constant with very little variability. Our perception       of climate change is thus based on highly unusual circumstances. All       of recorded history has been during a period of warm and stable climate.
Hartmut       Heinrich and colleagues (Bond et al.,       1992), studying the  sediments in the north Atlantic noticed periods when       coarse material was deposited on the bottom in        mid-ocean. Only icebergs can carry such material out to sea, and the find       indicated times when  large numbers of icebergs were released into the       north Atlantic. These are now called Heinrich events.
The correlation of       Greenland temperature with iceberg production is related to the meridional       overturning circulation. When icebergs melted, the surge of fresh water       increased the stability of the water column shutting off the production       of North Atlantic Deep Water. The shut-off of deep-water formation greatly       reduced the transport of warm water in the north Atlantic, producing very       cold northern hemisphere climate (Figure 13.2). The melting of the ice       pushed the polar front, the boundary between cold and warm water in the       north Atlantic further south than its present position. The location of       the front, and the time it was at different positions can be determined       from analysis of bottom sediments.
Figure 13.2 Periodic surges of icebergs             during the last ice age appear to have modulated temperatures of             the northern hemisphere by lowering the salinity of the far north             Atlantic and reducing the meridional overturning circulation. Data             from cores through the Greenland ice sheet (1), deep-sea sediments             (2,3), and alpine-lake sediments (4) indicate that: Left: During             recent times the circulation has been stable, and the polar front             which separates warm and cold water masses has allowed warm water             to penetrate beyond Norway. Center: During             the last ice age, periodic surges of icebergs reduced salinity and             reduced the meridional overturning circulation, causing the polar             front to move southward and keeping warm water south of Spain. Right: Similar             fluctuations during the last interglacial appear to have caused rapid,             large changes in climate. The Bottom plot             is a rough indication of temperature in the region, but the scales             are not the same. From Zahn (1994).
When the meridional overturning circulation shuts down, heat normally       carried from the south Atlantic to the north Atlantic becomes available       to warm the southern hemisphere. This explains the Antarctic warming.
The switching on and off of the meridional overturning circulation has       large hysteresis (Figure 13.3). The circulation has two stable states.       The first is the present circulation. In the second, deep water is produced       mostly near Antarctica, and upwelling occurs in the far north Pacific (as       it does today) and in the far north Atlantic. Once the circulation is shut       off, the system switches to the second stable state. The return to normal       salinity does not cause the circulation to turn on. Surface waters must       become saltier than average for the first state to return (Rahmstorf, 1995)
Figure 13.3 The meridional-overturning             circulation is part of a non-linear system. The circulation has two             stable states near 2 and 4.             The switching of north Atlantic from a warm, salty regime to a cold,             fresh regime and back has hysteresis. This means that as the warm             salty ocean in an initial state 1 freshens,             and becomes more fresh than 2 it             quickly switches to a cold, fresh state 3.             When the area again becomes salty, it must move past state 4 before             it can switch back to 1.
Heinrich events seem to precede the largest Dansgaard/Oeschger events       (Stocker and Marchal, 2000). Here's what seems to happen. The Heinrich       event shuts       off the Atlantic deep circulation which leads to a very cold North       Atlantic. This is followed about 1000 years later by a        Dansgaard/Oeschger event with rapid warming. Dansgaard/Oeschger-Heinrich       tandem events have global influence, and they seem to be related to warming       events seen in Antarctic ice cores. Temperatures changes in the two hemispheres       are out of phase. When Greenland warms, Antarctica        cools.
A weakened version of this process with a period of about 1000 years       may be modulating present-day climate in the north Atlantic, and it may       have been responsible for the Little Ice Age from 1100 to 1800.
The relationship between variations in salinity, air   temperature, and deep-water formation is not yet well understood. For example,   we don't know what causes the ice sheets to surge. Surges may result from warmer   temperatures caused by increased water vapor from the tropics (a greenhouse   gas) or from an internal instability of a large ice sheet. Nor do we know exactly   how the oceanic circulation responds to changes in the deep circulation or   surface moisture fluxes. Recent work by Wang, Stone and Marotzke (1999), who   used a numerical model to simulate the climate system, shows that the meridional   overturning circulation is modulated by moisture fluxes in the southern hemisphere.
The oceans play a key role in the development of the ice ages. Every 100,000 years for the past  million years, ice sheets have advanced over the continents. Shackleton (2000) finds that the  100,000-year period of Earth's orbital eccentricity, deep-sea temperature, and atmospheric  carbon-dioxide concentration are well correlated over the 100,000-year cycle. He also finds that  ice-sheet volume lagged behind CO2 changes in the atmosphere, implying that ice sheets  changed as a result of CO2 changes, not the other way around.
