Basketball News
Darvin Ham hired as the new assistant coach by Los Angeles Lakers – NBA Update
The Los Angeles Lakers announced on Monday, October 24, the hiring of Darvin Ham as an assistant coach. Ham will join the new look staff at the Lakers, headed by Coach Mike Brown formerly of the Cleveland Cavaliers, next season.
Since arriving, Mike Brown, who succeeded the legendary Phil Jackson, has overseen a reshaping of the Lakers staff and Ham arrives as the latest in a string of new assistants.
The former Denver Nuggets player has known Mike Brown since he entered the NBA as an undrafted free agent and the Los Angeles Lakers head coach expressed his delight at the signing in a statement.
"I'm very happy to have Darvin join our coaching staff," Brown said in a statement released by the team. "I've known Darvin since his rookie year in Denver and have watched him make the transition from player to coach. He has put  in the hard work that is necessary to have success at this level and I look forward to having him on our staff."
Ham was a player in the NBA for less than a decade, during which time he won the NBA World Championship. As part of the Detroit Pistons team in 2004, Ham defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 4 – 1 in the NBA Finals to clinch the championship  ring.
He has since become a coach and spent years in the D-League. He last coached the New Mexico Thunderbirds, leading them to a 20 – 30 record.
Ham thanked the Lakers General Manager Mitch Kupchak and head coach Mike Brown for trusting him to be part of the organization. He also expressed a resolve to do his utmost in order to help the Lakers achieve lasting success over  the coming years.
"I'm truly honoured and grateful for Mike Brown, (general manager) Mitch Kupchak and the entire Lakers organization for presenting me with this amazing opportunity," said Ham in a statement released by the team. "I look forward  to making my contribution in sustaining the championship tradition that the Lakers have established throughout their history in the NBA.”
He already has ties with fellow new appointee John Kuester. Kuester, former head coach of the Detroit Pistons, was an assistant coach there when Ham was still a player. Darvin has also played for Quin Snyder with the Austin Toros  in the D-League.
