By Tony L. Harris • Jul 30th, 2008 • Category: OLD SCHOOL DAD® Talk Radio
Jim Cleamons was born September 13, 1949 in Lincolnton, North Carolina.  He is now a retired American professional basketball player and is currently Assistant Coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.  He has been an Assistant under Head Coach Phil Jackson with both The Chicago Bulls and The Los Angeles Lakers.  He played collegiately at Ohio State University and he was selected by the Los Angeles Lakers with the 13th pick of the 1971 NBA Draft.
Coach Cleamons played nine year in the NBA on four different teams (the LA Lakers, Cleveland Cavaliers, the New York Knicks, and The Washington Bullets).
In 1976, Cleamons was selected to the NBA ALL-DEFENSE 2ND TEAM.
In addition to his playing career, Cleamons was the head coach of the Dallas Mavericks for slightly over one year, from 1996 to 1997.  Cleamons was also an assistant coach for the New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets.  Since July 19, 2006, Coach Cleamons has rejoined the Lakers coaching staff to assist in the continuation of the Lakers winning tradition.
In his career, Coach Cleamons has won a total of 8 NBA championships first as an athlete and then as a coach.  His successful basketball career now extends well over 40 years and he has no plans of slowing down.  He has won championships at every level of his career from childhood until now…As an Athlete and As a Coach.  We are honored to have him with us today as we approach and ponder the Real Measure and Soul of a Man.
Listen closely as Coach Cleamons discusses his competitive spirit and winning edge that continues to define his successful life not only as a coach and former athlete but also as a father and as a man.  Coach Cleamons says, “I make it a point to show and tell my little girls everyday how much I love them and how blessed I am to have them in my life.”
If there’s one statement that defines the heart and soul of Jim Cleamons it would be this…
”There Goes A Man That Did The Best That He Could Each and Every Day That He Could”
Thank you Coach Cleamons for Sharing Your Story and for Helping to Make A Difference.
It Is Truly An Honor!
Listen and Enjoy!
Tagged as: Jim Cleamons , Los Angeles Lakers
Tony L. Harris has provided inspiration and motivation for countless people over the last 30 years as a life coach/behavior therapist, author, speaker, educator and sales consultant.  This program, OLD SCHOOL DAD Talk Radio – Real MEN Real TALK represents a culmination of his body of work and the shared life experiences from  men, women and young adults of all ethnic backgrounds.
