 
12 Jun 2012 23:08:59
This is the best trade scenario I can envision happening. Will provide explanation at the end.
LA receives: Kyle Lowry, Josh Smith
Houston receives: Pau Gasol, Zaza Pachulia
Atlanta receives: Kevin Martin, Samuel Dalembert
This was cobbled off the burning desires of Lowry, Martin, and Smith to leave their current  teams. Lowry and Martin are extremely unhappy with their coach and decreased minutes. Smith is unhappy with the team and wants to go to a contender; plus Atlanta has another star PF that they're looking to slide in the 4 position (Horford). So what each team gets:
LA gets a top-fifteen PG (roughly around rank 15 in the league) and a top-five PF (around rank 5). It gives them the solid PG with outside shooting and defense that they couldn't get in Sessions and a high quality replacement for Gasol (who's like a top-3 PF in the league overall).
Houston gets the low-post scoring threat and rebounding machine that they've been enamored with for the past few years. As the primary option on the Houston squad, he'd probably average 25/12 in the 2012-2013 season. They also get back-up center Zaza Pachulia as a replacement for Samuel Dalembert to help salaries match.
Atlanta gets a quality starting center in Dalembert (who's 10th overall in centers) and slides Horford over to the 4, which they've wanted to do so for a while now. They get a go-to-scorer to compliment Joe Johnson; either player could move over to the 3, or they could simply use one off the bench as a spark.
Lakers proceed after this by re-signing Jordan Hill with their mid-level exception, convincing Sessions to simply pickup his player option (really, he doesn't deserve more after his horrid postseason), and then pursuing a sign-and-trade for Ray Allen. He might be 37, but he's still a fantastic outside shooter as evidenced by his production when he was healthy (the first 20 games of the season) and averaged 20 points on 50%+ shooting from the field and 50% from 3pt range. He's still a good defender, his conditioning is legendary, and his game is simple: bring him off a thicket of screens to pop a jump shot. Michael Beasley in a sign-and-trade would be icing on top of the cake.
(8)
