Post a comment
I love the Lakers but some things needed to change for the team to reach their full potential and I'm happy that they have a new head coach. I have been ready for Phil Jackson to retire for a couple of years now and I'm glad that he is gone. Don't get me wrong, Phil was a great coach... a long time ago, but recently, he has not been doing that great. I did not find him coaching much, instead, he seemed to be leaving all the coaching to Kobe. Actually, I wanted Phil to retire and Kobe to take the roll of the coach, but Mike Brown would have to do. I don't really know how good he will be for the Lakers. After all, he coached the Cavaliers and they suck. I don't think Brown's success as the coach of the Cavs had anything to do with his coaching. I think it had all to do with Lebron. The team on a whole did crappy work on the court. Because Lakers is a good team, Brown may not have any issues coaching them. However, he could disrupt the chemistry that they have built if he tries to make unnecessary changes.
I want to see how the team adjusts to taking directions from a new coach. I would really like to see how Kobe Bryant is affected. After all, with Phil, he could make his own decisions. He got to help make plays and help lead team meetings. What if Brown does not give him that same freedom and responsibility? And if Kobe decides not to like him, the rest of the team will follow. Change must happen and sometimes change is best but you never know until you see the effects of that change.
OK, so about Brown. He is the 22nd coach of the Lakers and the 18th since the team has been in Los Angeles. He is also the 4th youngest coach in NBA history to win 60 games in a season. He is 41 years old and was born in Columbus, Ohio. Brown is ready to get to work and so is the rest of the team. After losing like they did against the Mavericks, I'm sure they are upset and ready to prove that they are still the best. I'm definitely ready to see Kobe win his sixth ring and I hope next year is the year.
My love is always going to be with the Lakers and I'm just anxious to see what happens. Hopefully, it's all up hill from there. Besides, that's the only direction they can move in from the bottom.
Published by Jay Queen
I write because I love to, and if others happen to find enjoyment in what I write, that's a bonus.   View profile
