 
 
The vision of a champion is bent over, drenched in sweat, at the point of exhaustion, when nobody else is looking.   -- Mia Hamm....."Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are."  -  Coach John Wooden....."I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." -- Michael Jordan...."Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work."--Vince Lombardi....I am a member of the team, and I rely on the team, I defer to it and sacrifice for it, because the team, not the individual, is the ultimate champion. --Mia Hamm....."Champions keep playing until they get it right." --  Billie Jean King....
Winning for Life, 501c3
Developing premier athletic skills and positive leadership
through competitive sports.
Sports are a significant part of our life at WFL.  At WFL, we place high value on students and coaches:
 
competing at the highest level with advanced skills and knowledge;  
working hard to further develop in sport performance and life;
playing and living with integrity and sportsmanship;
striving for excellence - doing the best we can given our circumstances - in sport and life; and
influencing others positively through the power of teamwork.
 With these core values guiding us, we have created:
 
The MN Lakers Select.  This WFL affiliated program is the first premier girl's lacrosse travel club team in Minnesota (Click here for more info: MN Lakers Select teams 2013; 2014; 2015; 2016; 2017 and 2018/2019 and to see a video highlighting the Lakers Select family and experience ; and
the WFL Academy of Sports Leadership to serve the youth sports community by offering leadership training and development to student-athletes, coaches, administrators and parents.
 
For information on WFL and the Academy of Sports Leadership contact:
Dr. Janet Holdsworth (Founder/CEO)  
For information on the MN Lakers Select Girl's Lacrosse Program contact the program's Co-Executive Directors:
Ms. Anne Moelk    
