Tweet
May 22, 2012
  <A href="http://msn.foxsports.com/video?videoid=585b2b58-6d7d-4f11-8e24-acc575476181&src=v5:embed:syndication:&from=shareembed-syndication" target="_new" title="Marques: Shake up in Laker land">Video: Marques: Shake up in Laker land</A>
The Lakers have had a lot of great players. Here's our  top five .
 
PLAYOFF HEROES
These guys played their best when the stakes were highest. Check out the 10 best  playoff performances .
EL SEGUNDO, Calif. — One year ago, following a second-round playoff sweep by eventual NBA  champion Dallas, Kobe Bryant met with GM Mitch Kupchak and then-coach  Phil Jackson for his exit interview. Afterwards he spoke at length with  the media, saying he wasn't done as a player, would definitely be  healthy for the 2011-12 season, and that the Lakers would be back to  contender status. He spoke for more than 30 minutes, then some more as  he walked to his car.
On Tuesday, following another second-round  loss, this time in five games to Oklahoma City, the Lakers confirmed  that not only wouldn't Bryant talk to the media, but that his exit  meeting would come later in the week, possibly at a lunch with Kupchak  and coach Mike Brown.
Let the speculation begin.
If Lakers  fans are hoping to hear from their hero, they might have to wait until  the Olympic team begins its workouts — if he plays.
Is Bryant sick  of talking about the shortcomings of his teammates — especially Pau  Gasol and Andrew Bynum, both of whom he called out for what he felt was  their lack of effort? Does he fear that winning the sixth NBA title he  covets so passionately may never happen? With Bryant turning 34 in  August, and the Lakers as a whole getting older, is he poised to demand  that Kupchak make major moves, or if not, trade him to a team that can  win now?
The first one is a no-brainer — Kobe almost certainly  will try to change the direction of this team. Playing on creaky knees  and heading into his 17th season with a body that has a ton of  basketball mileage on it, he knows he has only a few more shots at  another ring. A promise by management to sate the ultra-competitive  Bryant's thirst for a better supporting cast might be the only way to  avoid an uncomfortable — and uncommunicative — summer.
We might  get an indication of Bryant's intentions when Kupchak and Brown address  the media following the final exit meeting on Wednesday. Tuesday's first  meeting was with Metta World Peace, who started his media session by  claiming that the Lakers are the best team in basketball. Really.
“The  best team in the NBA lost in five (games),” World Peace said. “The best  team in the NBA should be up 3-2 and playing (Wednesday). But the  better team took advantage of the moment, took advantage of their time.  They seized it, grabbed it and held on to it, so we have to find a way  to hold onto our moments.
“We had those guys beat — fairly easy.  Fairly easy we had those guys beat. But that's the difference in a team  that's been together and then added a Derek Fisher, versus a team that  hasn't been together (long).
“(Oklahoma City) was amazing. Pretty amazing.”
He also endorsed Brown to continue as coach, despite a number of run-ins between the two.
“Mike  didn't make turnovers at the end of the game,” he said. “Mike didn't  miss 3-point shots; I missed 3-point shots. Mike didn't come in out of  shape. You know, he (actually) did come in out of shape. Actually, he  is a fat a**,” he said, laughing. “But it was the players, not coach.”
Note to Metta: Calling your coach a fat a** — even jokingly — not a brilliant thing to do.
MWP  also talked about the possibility of the Lakers using their amnesty  provision to waive him and sweep the remaining $15 million on his  contract off the books.
“It's something you'd have to ask them,” World Peace said. “For me it's easy: The Lakers did a lot for me and I like it  here, but whatever's best for the Lakers — me not being here, if it's  best for the Lakers, it's good for me.
“The Lakers did nothing but  great things for me. I got a championship, which is something I always  wanted. It's not about me, it's what can make the team better.”
Ramon  Sessions, the other Laker who spoke Tuesday, said Kupchak and Brown let  it be known that they would like him to exercise his player option and  remain with the Lakers.
“It was 100 percent clear leaving the  meeting that they want me back,” Sessions reported, and said he'd also  like to stay with the team but hasn't made a firm decision about the  contract. He's due to make $4.55 million next season.
NOTES: Troy  Murphy, Jordan Hill, Devin Ebanks and Christian Eyenga also met with  management on Tuesday. Up on Wednesday: Andrew Bynum, Josh McRoberts,  Darius Morris, Pau Gasol, Matt Barnes, Steve Blake and Andrew Goudelock.  Then Kupchak and Brown face the media.
