Jamie Dukes: Stephen Ross wants to make Dolphins NFL’s Lakers
by Brian Biggane
With Stephen Ross on what appears to be a desperate mission to land Stanford’s Jim Harbaugh, NFL Network analyst Jamie Dukes says it’s become clear to him Ross is intent on turning the Dolphins into the NFL’s version of the Los Angeles Lakers.
“Bringing in J-Lo (Jennifer Lopez) and the Williams sisters, he’s decided that glitzing things up is what he has to do to sell tickets,” Dukes said.
“It’s a savvy approach. Is there anything exciting about what you see on the field with the Miami Dolphins? No. They’re a team that, unless you’re a Dolphin fan, there’s nothing about them that makes you want to go to the stadium. He wants to make them entertaining, sexy, a ticket you’ve got to have. And there’s got to be some showmanship. It’s the antithesis of what (Tony) Sparano and (Bill) Parcells have always brought to the table.”
There’s the rub. As long as Sparano is in charge, with his offensive line coach mentality, the Dolphins figure to have a run-first attitude. That philosophy was fine when Ricky Williams and Ronnie Brown were in their primes and the offensive line was getting the job done. This year, when the interior line struggled and Brandon Marshall came on board, the approach could have and should have been much different. It wasn’t, and Miami became the most boring team in the NFL.
Dukes also shared some thoughts on the coaching search that has led Ross to Harbaugh’s doorstep.
“He’s looking for somebody with sizzle. He doesn’t want to bring in just anybody. He wants somebody who can, No. 1, get the market energized, and No. 2, be a good football coach.”
Harbaugh certainly fits both criteria. His older brother John, who has reached the playoffs in each of his three seasons as coach of the Baltimore Ravens, runs a dynamic, multi-faceted offense and has Ray Lewis to energize the defense and the fan base. Jim Harbaugh had the obvious luxury of an NFL-ready quarterback this year in Andrew Luck, but anyone who watched the Orange Bowl Monday night also saw a multi-faceted offense that can score in many different ways.
And Harbaugh was an NFL quarterback, so he would have a leg up on getting whoever is brought in at that position up to speed quickly.
“What he’s doing makes sense to me. I applaud it,” Harbaugh said. “I feel bad for Sparano, because he’s a good coach. But I also know Ross has to get the South Florida market engaged in his product.”
Dukes, who spoke before word of Ross’ trip to the West Coast had been made public, said he wasn’t sure Harbaugh has all the qualities Ross would like, saying someone like Bill Cowher or Jon Gruden might be a better fit. Cowher has shown little interest since Ross has made it clear he wants to keep Jeff Ireland as his general manager, and Gruden’s name hasn’t ever really been in the mix.
Tags: Andrew Luck , Bill Cowher , Bill Parcells , Brandon Marshall , Jamie Dukes , Jennifer Lopez , Jim Harbaugh , Jon Gruden , Ray Lewis , Ricky Williams , Ronnie Brown , Stephen Ross , Tony Sparano
This entry was posted             on Thursday, January 6th, 2011 at 9:39 am      and is filed under 2011 Offseason , Brian Biggane .       You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site.
35 Responses to “Jamie Dukes: Stephen Ross wants to make Dolphins NFL’s Lakers”
