OUTLOOK: Coached LeBron, and now Kobe (eventually).
Published in the October 2011 issue
Noxzema. In the red can. For sensitive skin.
You always hear all the talk about team chemistry. I used to think, Dang, what do they mean by that? Chemistry is so broad. So I tried to find the simplest way to define chemistry. To me, chemistry equals trust.
Loyalty is trust at a very high level.
Growing up overseas helped me mature quicker.
We didn't get a lot of NBA games on German TV. I only had the chance to go to one NBA game when I grew up — and that was by accident. I was in junior college in Phoenix and a friend of a friend of a friend had preseason tickets to a Suns game that fell into my lap.
My first job was as a video coordinator with the Denver Nuggets. Being a video guy, where you have to intricately break down play after play after play after play — looking for certain tendencies and flows in the game — makes you more aware than anything else. It's a great route for guys who want to be a head coach. You understand the league sooner rather than later.
Pop [San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich] has the uncanny ability to connect with people. He can make the fifteenth player on the team feel like he's just as important to the team as the starting center.
You only have to think of eleven great speeches to get guys fired up if you're a college football coach. It's different in basketball. With an eighty-two-game regular season and ten preseason games and the playoffs, guys have to have something within them to get themselves going.
If you're volatile, you'll cause uneasiness in your group.
Oh, yeah. I can tell you what I learned being fired from the Cavs. That this is a business. And that you treat it and respect it as a business.
I'm more than okay with Dan Gilbert. We've exchanged texts and e-mails and I'm sure we'll sit down and yak it up in the future. It's not personal. People are trying to make decisions they feel are best for them.
I had a year to connect with my boys in a way that I hadn't been able to in six or seven years. I helped out with my youngest son's middle-school football team. My older son asked me to work him out on the basketball court every morning. We got up at 6:00 a.m. every day. I couldn't have asked for anything better.
When I started coaching in Cleveland, I got this letter. It was straight to the point. "Coach Brown, you don't know me, but I work with eyewear. Your glasses are too small and they make you look like you have a big, fat head. I'd be able to fit you with some glasses that will make your head look normal." I called right away. I'm embarrassed to tell anyone how many pairs of eyeglasses I've got now.
I get razzed by my colleagues because my wife always matches my glasses to my suit. I won best dressed in high school, but my wife thinks I need to step up my game since we've moved to L.A.
