Brooklyn Nets , Dallas Mavericks , Delonte West , Deron Williams , NBA | Comments
Delonte West publicly campaigned for Deron Williams to sign with the Dallas Mavericks by taking to Twitter and pitching Williams different selling points. (Garrett Ellwood/Getty Images)
Deron Williams, who is set to become a free agent July 1 after playing for the Nets last season, received a pitch via Twitter from Mavericks guard Delonte West to come to Dallas and team up with Dirk Nowitzki next season.
Among his many sells were the opportunities to play for the “best owner in all sports,” “win the Western Conference no problem,” play for a “real coach that UNDERSTANDS…real dude like urself,” and last but not least, play with Nowitzki, “the best playa u ever played with.”
West said he knows Brooklyn “has a lil more money over der,” but in Dallas, where Williams grew up, West said he would have “fam support here.”
Williams, who is rumored to be choosing between staying with the Nets for their inaugural season in Brooklyn or signing with the Mavs, made $16.3 million last season for the Nets.
He would likely make less money if he signed with the Mavs, who owe over $43 million to their franchise player Nowitzki over the next two seasons and another $18 million to Shawn Marion over the next two seasons. Dallas is also looking to resign Jason Terry and Jason Kidd, who accounted for more than $20 million last season.
West, meanwhile, is a free agent who made $1 million last season. It’s unclear whether the Mavericks plan to resign him.
Williams tweeted on Thursday afternoon that he spent the day at an East Hampton golf club with Kidd, adding “let the speculation begin?????”
A Dwill…u need to come to Dallas mane man…we got a chance to win a championship here dog….dirk be the best playa u ever played with..—
Delonte West (@CharleeRedz13) June 28, 2012
Real talk…I know it's a Lil more mOney over der but u home here…fam support here… Town gon love ya…plus u got a team that can do it—
Delonte West (@CharleeRedz13) June 28, 2012
And u got d best owner in all sports…nest practice facility…and a coach that UNDERSTANDS…real dude like urself…trust me homie…—
Delonte West (@CharleeRedz13) June 28, 2012
I wouldn't lie to ya…let's get it…..we can win the weastern conference no problem..u 20+.. Dirk20+…when u need a breather…I gotcha—
Delonte West (@CharleeRedz13) June 28, 2012
Just finished playing East Hampton Golf Club w/ @ RealJasonKidd let the speculation begin?????—
Deron Williams (@DeronWilliams) June 28, 2012
Published On Jun 28, 2012
