More »
You have probably heard about news swirling around that current Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson is calling it quits regardless of what happens this season to the team. While many like me don't really buy it for now, you have to be curious why Lakers star Kobe Bryant has approved Brian Shaw to be his successor if ever Jackson does step down and retire.
Brian Shaw was Bryant's teammate from 2000-2002, the same year that the Los Angeles Lakers enjoyed their first three-peat. Along a mature and much younger Shaquille O' Neal back then, the Lakers seemed to be unstoppable until they fell to the Detroit Pistons in the 2003-2004 season. That was the season that the Lakers had Gary Payton and Karl Malone on the team.
Apparently, Kobe claims he is speaking for the team as a whole. He revealed that they were all hoping that Shaw would get the nod of being the successor of Jackson in the event that the Zen master holds true to his word of retiring from coaching in the NBA.
But before all that happens, the Lakers have to get their act together. They really showed some inconsistencies and lapses in their 93-86 loss yesterday in Portland, seeming to be a lot more distracted than focusing to an obviously hungrier Blazers team.
Guys like Pau Gasol, Andrew Bynum and Ron Artest have to focus more on playing the game as it should be. The defense of Gasol and Bynum have been criticized while Artest seems more inclined to play mind games rather than concentrate and contribute to the Lakers offense.
Kobe himself has at times tried to do much which unfortunately has not helped a single bit for the ballclub. If not for timely shots by Lamar Odom in the third canto, the game would have been a blowout when Portland led by as much as 24.
In all, these are the things that Shaw has to deal with, if and ever he does become the chosen one to succeed the multi-titled Phil Jackson. But as far as Kobe is concerned, Shaw is at the top of the list.
''I'm not commenting on the next season or anything about replacing [Jackson] because it's out of my control,'' Shaw said, according to the report. ''I'm concentrating on this season and winning it all again.'' ( ESPN )
NOTES: Expect some humdinger games tonight as the Express and Elasto Painter fight for survival to live another day in game 2 of their best of three series against Alaska and Ginebra respectively..... Kiefer Ravena , the high school phenom has caught the attention of all fans yesterday when he debuted for the Ateneo Blue Eagles in the Filoil Tourney opening held at the Arena in San Juan.....Among the impressed basketball celebrities included TnT Coach Chot Reyes, JC Intal, Doug Kramer, Marcus Douthit, and Wesley Gonzales.
More stories
