kding@ocregister.com
"Going on after Sinatra" ... that's what Rudy Tomjanovich called taking over for Phil Jackson.
The difference back in 2004 was that Tomjanovich walked on stage with most of the audience streaming for the exits, everyone aware that the big show starring Shaquille O'Neal was over and Brian Grant's comically outsized salary coming back in that trade meant rebuilding.
Mike Dunleavy calls a play during Clippers' January 2010 victory over the Lakers at Staples Center.
KEVIN SULLIVAN, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER
ADVERTISEMENT
What Jackson leaves behind this time is one great opportunity with even greater expectations.
In other words, it's still a packed house.
So the primary consideration when it comes to hiring Jackson's replacement now is being certain the new guy is ready for the concert hall. That's why even though Brian Shaw remains the best choice, it really does make sense for the Lakers to hire Mike Dunleavy.
Make no mistake, Dunleavy is very much in line for an interview and expected be a serious candidate for this job.
Yes, yes ... it sounds crazy for the Lakers to take in the Clippers' retread. But aside from Dunleavy having to agree to throw away all those ugly sportcoats he wore with the Clippers if he gets to coach Staples Center's and the NBA's glamour team, there's no major impediment here.
Dunleavy, 57, knows the ins and outs of this world: Beyond stepping in as Lakers coach and reaching the NBA Finals after Pat Riley left in 1990, Dunleavy has seen all that the Lakers went through recently from very close proximity. He is a smart guy who with the Lakers would be as driven to succeed as anyone could be, eager to shake the obvious stigma his struggles as head coach of the Clippers have left.
He has a reputation as a micro-manager, but he has had some brushes with greatness. He had little chance to beat Jackson's Bulls in the 1991 NBA Finals, but with Portland he was on track for the title until Jackson's Lakers rallied in Game 7 of the 2000 Western Conference finals from a 15-point fourth-quarter deficit. It also could've been very different for Dunleavy if Jerry Buss in '04 doesn't connect with Kobe Bryant in his last-ditch free-agent phone call after Bryant had been about ready to commit to the Clippers.
There's no doubt Rick Adelman also intrigues the Lakers, but he's only a year younger than Jackson, who is retiring at 65. Does Adelman have the fire to plow through all the crap that goes with the Lakers' high-profile, higher-pressure job – or more accurately, to thrive in it? Mitch Kupchak also reminded right off the bat last week that the Lakers like to hire coaches they expect to stay for extended periods.
That's not to say, though, that Dunleavy is a better pick than Shaw, who sank three 3-pointers in that Game 7 Lakers victory over Dunleavy's Blazers, by the way. Shaw's only drawback is no previous experience as a head coach.
That's why Shaw won't be going to the Houston Rockets, who were granted permission by the Lakers to pursue Shaw to be their head coach. Shaw has pulled out of that job search upon determining the Rockets preferred someone who has been a head coach. Shaw didn't want to stay in it if he wasn't likely to win it; he certainly doesn't need any more practice interviewing for top jobs. The Pacers' job is open now – and believe it or not, Shaw already interviewed for that one four years ago.
While the Lakers figure out what to do, Shaw does remain up for the Golden State Warriors' top job, which would be a great fit for him in his hometown of Oakland under refreshing new Warriors owner Joe Lacob. But the upside of coaching that team is very limited.
Shaw, 45, has waited around this long for a choice head-coaching job, not just any head-coaching job. The Lakers' job is the jackpot.
It would also put to use the best of Shaw's skills: being able to get along seamlessly with players and only periodically having to get in their faces, which he is not one bit afraid to do. The Lakers' failure this season means fewer know-it-alls next season.
The Lakers are going to take their time doing this search, but flaming out this season should be an obvious additional reason to keep the nearby guy for continuity. It's already evident how motivated the players are – ensuring they will be actually focused and trying next season. And if these talented players are going to be focused and trying next season, you want them to be doing stuff they know how to do – as would be the case if the Lakers have Shaw to run the same triangle offense and roll over the new Andrew Bynum-based defensive scheme.
Plus, Shaw has lived in the Lakers' fishbowl for the past 11 years – maintaining his healthy sense of self while developing an understanding for how his intrinsic man-behind-the-man mentality fits into this star-studded landscape.
He doesn't have to be Sinatra, because these Lakers have plenty of marquee performers.
What do they need? Someone who knows the song and dance.
