DBA Alum Madison Warfel Making his mark! 
                                                                         
    
 
 (Summer 2010) - Former DBA Laker Madison Warfel was named to the NCCAA Div. II All-East Region second team this past season at Lancaster Bible College in Lancaster, PA.  The 6 foot sophomore guard averaged 13.4 ppg,  and led the team in 3 pointers made.  
  
   Lancaster had a very successful season, advancing to the NCCAA Div. II national tournament in Springfield, Missouri.  Madison, from Greenwood, Delaware and graduated from Greenwood Mennonite, is majoring in Sports Management.
 
   This is a great testament to where hard work can get you.  This also shows that not every player will make it to a D-I school, but there are plenty of colleges that players can continue their careers.
 
Just ask Coach Paul (Mary Washington, D-III) and Coach Ed (Virginia Wesleyan,  D-III).
 
A SPECIAL LETTER FROM A FORMER DBA LAKER ...  (June 2010)
Coach Paul,
     I just wanted to thank you for creating the "Delmarva Lakers" AAU basketball program. I had an awesome time playing the past 2 years. You were one of the few coaches I've encountered that cared about us succeeding in our future as you did in learning the game of basketball. You stressed to us the importance of doing well in school so we can have opportunities in our future.
     I wanted to update you on what my future holds for me. First off, I'm graduating HS as a straight A student and was captain of Broadwater's Varsity basketball squad. I leave in 14 days for the Air Force Reserve. I plan on going to University of Maryland - College Park or St. Joseph's University in Philadelphia after completing my training and my 6 moths of active service to the Air Force. Thanks again for everything you've done for the community. Good Luck this season.
  God Bless,
 
 
DBA Response -   THANKS A LOT, CONNOR! - Best of luck in the AFR,  and we are so proud that you'll be attending college soon!
 
From: Coach Paul and the entire DBA Coaching Staff & Family 
 
DELMARVA LAKERS  16U  Gold win Beach Bound Title ....Weekend pics, too
                              
          
                                                16U DBA GOLD wins Beach Bound Title
Front Row; Coach Paul, Kyle D., Chris C., Marc A., Back Row; Damonte D., Myles F., Paul B., Brandon R., and Devonta W.
04/26/10 -  The 16U Gold Team opened the "Beach Bound I" tourney in Ocean City by escaping with marathon 4-OT win over the Shore Shots in the oepning round. The Lakers would then go unbeaten the rest of the tournament to capture the championship trophy. It is their second tournament title of this young AAU Season.
14U Boys- The 14U team under Head Coach Ed Cowell pick up an impressive win at the tourney, and were competitive in both losses.
16U Black - Despite playing with a depleted roster, the 16U Black took every team's best punch and played hard at the Beach Bound tourney. Congrats to Coach Chuck Corbin and his team for never giving up.
17U  Boys - The 17U Lakers learned a valuable lesson over the weekend. Play as a team, or you'll get embarrassed. The first two games didn't go well for our guys who looked as if they were all playing for themselves.  After a stern talk from Coaches Wenke and Butler on playing unselfishly, and taking responsibility for their earlier poor play, the guys put on a good showing against Team Tri-County. They even took a 1 point lead with 5 minutes to go before the talented Tri County took over in the end.  We hoped the guys can use this tournament as a springboard to bigger things.
Lady Lakers - The Delmarva Lady Lakers didn't pick up a win this weekend, but Coach Jay Trader is encouraged by the hard work and tough mental attitude of the ladies. With continued practice time and positive attitude, the Lady Lakers will continue to make some noise this AAU Season.
 
***Take a look at some pictures from our other teams this weekend and a couple of our guys who went to the Prom over the weekend.
    
Coach Jay preps Lady Lakers who are listening Intently at Beach Bound in OC
 
