16.9%
Total votes: 807
Fast forward to Game 4. Down 2-1, following a fantastic performance by Kobe and Bynum on the free-throw line in Game 3, the Lakers opened up Game 4 in phenomenal fashion. But they never could take the game to the next level. They allowed the Thunder to stay close throughout, and ultimately overtake the Lakers once again in the final seconds.
The Lakers looked lost and gave away two golden opportunities, changing the dynamic of the series from what could have been up 3-1 to down 1-3. Thunder Coach Scott Brooks was cool, calm and collected the entire game, reminding his players to just play their game and that the best would happen.
Coach Brown looked clueless.
Coach Brown was supposed to be the savior who would help the team grow on the defensive end of the court. Instead, when the game came down to one play in Game 4, the Lakers looked lost. World Peace stood and watched as the NBA Scoring Title champion, Kevin Durant, lined up for three after he just beat them a few nights earlier.
Now, after a Game 5 loss in which the Lakers stayed competitive for the first three quarters, even following terrible calls on a World Peace flagrant foul and subsequent technicals, the Lakers fell apart again in the fourth quarter. Games 2-4 this series had a similar flow to it—both teams stayed competitive until one overtook the other in the final minutes. Game 5 was a product of poor coaching, a lack of confidence and a lack of leadership.
With 12 minutes ticking on the Lakers season, down six points, they had an opportunity to stay close and try to pull one out. Instead, Bryant started on the bench, a questionable decision, and the Thunder took a commanding lead. The Lakers looked distracted and oblivious while the Thunder seized the moment.
In a series where four wins brings you to the next round, the Lakers lost three in the fourth quarter. The blame must fall on the shoulders of Coach Brown, who just couldn't fix the ever-occurring problems and never seemed to have the full team under his control.
From chemistry issues to maturity problems with Bynum, the locker room was clearly never in sync and the Lakers never really seemed to play as a full team, a distinct opposite of the winning Thunder. All season long the Lakers' biggest issue was consistency, and that was no more evident than in this series with Oklahoma City.
In order for the Lakers to return to being a powerhouse, they need to find someone who can rally the troops and bring the team together. Brown couldn't do it in Cleveland , and now we see he couldn't do it in Los Angeles either.
