Email
Kobe Bryant and the head coach Phil Jackson celebrate after the Lakers had secured the NBA Championship. Photograph: Jesse D. Garrabrant/NBAE/Getty Images
Phil Jackson was in the Australian Outback in the spring of 2005, taking it easy, taking in the sights, when the phone call asking him to return came. The year before he had walked away from the Los Angeles Lakers, and from basketball, worn down by the aches from his body, by the headaches of managing superstar egos and the grind of the schedule.
It wasn't as if there was anything left to achieve. He already had nine NBA Championships to his name, equal only to the Boston Celtics' patriarch Red Auerbach . This was his time. The opportunity to expand his inquisitive mind at his own pace, to add new knowledge to the political insights forged in the 70s and to the Zen Buddhist philosophies he had, against the odds, forged inextricably to his coaching mantra.
"I said, 'No, I couldn't do that. That's just not fair to the team, it's not fair to the players and myself.' I said that I'd have to think about it a long time because this team is quite a ways from a championship, even though Kobe Bryant always gives you a chance to win.
"So over the next two and a half months I spent some time thinking about it and rekindling my energy to come back and coach. But when I came back I didn't anticipate we'd win. I'd be part of it. I thought maybe I'd build the steps to a winning team, but I didn't think I'd be part of it, and this is much quicker than I thought it would happen."
On Sunday, Jackson confessed no regrets about returning from what he now terms his "sabbatical". The Lakers' 99–86 victory over the Orlando Magic secured the franchise's 15th title, taking the best of seven finals' series 4–1 . All the talk has been about how this was the moment for Bryant finally to be the undisputed leader of a championship team, having played second fiddle to Shaquille O'Neal when they – and Jackson – won three straight titles at the start of the decade. With two minutes remaining, and the result beyond doubt, the man in charge was his usual inscrutable self on the bench. Except for the hint of a satisfied smile. A deserved one, with Jackson now alone at the head of the NBA's coaching honour roll with a ring for each of his fingers and thumbs.
"Having won 10 championships is a remarkable accomplishment, there's no doubt about it," he said. "Watching those games click down, and a championship of all different forms and fashions, on the road, at home, players that vault themselves into team play, is a remarkable thing to have watched.
"I think I've always said this before, the journey is what's really important, and it's important for the players and the coaches to watch these kids come together and form a unit and be supportive of each other. And this was no exception, this team."
The extraordinary thing is that Jackson's greatness is still being questioned, even as he separates himself from any other coach in American sport. When winning six titles in Chicago, the doubters observed, he had more than a little assistance from Michael Jordan. When he landed at the Lakers in 1999, O'Neal and Bryant were already in situ. All they needed was a guiding hand and the Triangle Offense. Auerbach, never shy of provoking anything associated with the "Evil Empire", pointed out that Jackson never had to construct a team, trade by trade, in the way he did. Yet the former New York Knicks forward concedes he is not the greatest tactical mind in the game.
But not great? Please.
"I think it's his ability to bring people together," said Bryant, who put his past feuds with Jackson behind him to land his own fourth title. "The biggest thing that he does so well is he continues to coach the group, continues to coach unity and chemistry and togetherness. And that's the biggest thing, because when you're together you can withstand adversity. If you're not, you can easily break apart and become a team of individuals. That's his biggest characteristic of what he does well."
Better, perhaps, than anyone else has ever done. Jackson is easily comparable to the other managerial virtuoso of his era, Sir Alex Ferguson, who has one more domestic title. Each had humble starts in their current profession after reasonable, if not spectacular, playing careers. Both are deep thinkers about the game. Neither has been afraid to draft in talented assistants. Phil likes to present his charges with books to teach lessons. The only reading material, you suspect, that Sir Alex has ever passed on to Manchester United's players is a copy of the Racing Post. But each delivers his message – and success. And that, ultimately, is how we, and time, will measure them.
This championship may be Jackson's finest hour. Pau Gasol is no Scottie Pippen or O'Neal. Even the late Auerbach could not dispute the role Jackson has had in reshaping the Lakers from the 34-win crew that stumbled through his gap year. Twelve months ago, the Boston Celtics demolished and demoralised their old rivals in the finals. Someone had to pick up the vanquished and dust them off. Two hip replacements mean that Jackson is no longer jumping up and down on the sidelines as he once did in Chicago. Yet quietly, in his own understated manner, he has done what he always did: prodding and cajoling when required, but otherwise letting his players utilise the talents within.
"I'd like to say that it's really about the players; it's about Kobe Bryant, about Derek Fisher's leadership of the team," he said during the celebrations at the Amway Arena. "I tried to take them through some of the build-up things that we had to do last year as a basketball club. They came together this year and were self-motivated, and for a coach that's always a positive sign. When a team is ready, they're aggressive, their learning curve is high, and they wanted to win.
"I've always felt as a coach you have to push your team, and I told them they had to push themselves. I wasn't at the stage of my life where I could get out and do the things that I had done 10 years ago or 15 years ago to push a team. And they pushed themselves, and I really feel strongly that this is about them."
Jackson's finest attribute is that he knows he isn't the man putting the ball in the basket. In the modern era, few players listen attentively to their coaches anyway but somehow, by saying less, not more, he has managed to convince solo artists to contribute to the group.
"He doesn't try to control you as a coach," Fisher said. "He empowers you to be who you are. And if you want to be the best, and if you believe in your team and if you believe you can win a title, then this is what can happen. He doesn't put himself in the way. He lets us do it. And this is the result."
Another June, another title. Aged 63, he may yet leave the Lakers this summer to pick up his travels once more. Who would begrudge him? History will show that more often that not, he made the right calls.
Offensive Rebounds
Some thoughts heading into the off-season …
• If the Orlando Magic harbour serious ambitions of going a step further, Dwight Howard needs to acquire more offensive moves. Howard is now the best centre in the league but the Lakers did a fantastic job of exposing his limitations near the basket. The hope for the Magic is that he is still young and still willing to dedicate himself to self-improvement.
• It looks increasingly unlikely that Pops Mensah Bonsu will return to the Toronto Raptors next season. The Great Britain forward is continuing talks with Canada's sole NBA team but the trade that brought Reggie Evans to the Raptors last week from the 76ers almost certainly means Pops will be looking for his fourth team in less than a year. The Toronto general manager, Bryan Colangelo, is understood to be committed to Patrick O'Bryant as his key back-up big.
• Will the change of GM in Chicago be enough to keep Ben Gordon in town? The new Bulls boss Gar Forman is preparing to make a final pitch to keep the London-born guard in the Windy City for the long-term. However, Gordon, a free agent, claimed in a radio interview that he is unsure about whether he will get the offer he wants.
"We'll have to wait and see how interested they are come 1 July," he said. "The money's going to be a factor, too, but I want to win an NBA championship and I want to be on a team that has a chance to win."
• Expect the NBA and the British Basketball League to formalise an agreement during the summer to co-ordinate their grassroots initiatives in the UK. Although a number of BBL chairmen have privately expressed concerns about co-operating with a "rival", it is expected to lead to extra coaching clinics and NBA-sponsored roadshows like the one held in London last week, conducted by the former Milwaukee head coach Terry Stotts.
Tied to that, the BBL has decided not to ditch its ailing London franchise, the Capital, despite its poor performance on and off the court. The club, that plays at the 400-capacity Willesden Centre, won just two games last season while fielding more players than any other side in recent history. However, a "task squad" has been charged with improving the Capital's management with the league considering it essential to have an outpost in London to take advantage of the spin-offs from the 2012 Olympics.
Posted by
