Simmonds resigning as Lakers head baseball coach
April 14, 2012
By Chet Novak of LAKE LAND COLLEGE
MATTOON--Lake Land College head baseball coach, Tony Simmonds, announced he will resign his coaching position at the end of the current baseball season.
Simmonds cited his compensation for coaching as inadequate for his life situation, in so many words, adding the demands of coaching with little assistance some of the time, and no assistance most of the time, made it difficult to run a proper baseball program at the junior college level.
Assistant coach, Jason Glosser, worked with the pitchers when available, his opportunites to coach much more limited this season due to the demands of his employment at a local business.
In an article in jg-tc online , Simmonds stated there are some "unhappy" people in the Mattoon area, seemingly because Simmonds has recruited players from Florida and outside the country. There were also some conduct issues with players alledged, possibly occuring due to Simmonds being the ony coach with a roster of nearly two dozen players to oversee.
Situations like these sometimes turn into finger-pointing contests between multiple parties, but for players who have invested their time and trust (and for those considering investing their time and trust) in the Lake Land College baseball program to provide an arena in which they can advance their athletic and academic pursuits), any type of blame game is meaningless.
Hopefully, this unfortunate situation is analyzed for causes with the development of potential program improvements, and although there could be an immediate clamor for fixes and answers, the solution will most likely take some time. Given the challenging economic climate, there may be little anyone can do to create better circumstances for all concerned, and that challenge has been impacting athletic programs all over Illinois, including higher level colleges as well as high schools and junior high schools.
Maybe if the team hadn't improved over the course of the last three seasons, no one would think much of Simmonds' resignation. Admittedly, that would've been the norm for a baseball program that hadn't seen a winning season in the Great Rivers Athletic Conference until Simmonds came along and had gone through the hardships of re-building and solidifying a program with a strong foundation. And it's not that everyone hasn't done their best, but rather, that Simmonds has had a significant measure of success.
Lake Land Colege athletic director, Denny Throneburg, must now begin the process of securing a replacement. For Throneburg, the challenge of replacing the most successful baseball coach Lake Land has had in some time is just beginning. Providing reasonable compensation to coaches has become increasingly difficult in Illinois, and to be fair to Throneburg in his imminent endeavors to secure a new baseball coach, hopefully people realize none of the trees around the ball fields or anywhere on campus are growing money.
Details
