 
May 16, 2012  |  NJCAA All-America Cooper Signs with Fairmont State University
FAIRMONT, W.Va. - Fairmont State men's basketball coach Jerrod Calhoun today announced the signing of 6-7 forward Brendan Cooper. Cooper, a first team National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) player for Lakeland (Ohio) Community College last season, will have two years of eligibility remaining for the Falcons.
Cooper became the sixth Laker in program history to earn All-American honors.
“I can’t put into words how excited I am to have Brendan Cooper in our family,” said Calhoun. “We feel he is a program-changing player, a perfect fit for our campus, community, and basketball team.”
Cooper averaged 17.5 points, nine rebounds, four assists, and two steals per game this season for the Lakers and head coach Terry Bowe last season. He recorded 17 double-doubles and was named the team's MVP at the end of the season.
“He played for a great junior college program and a great coach, Terry Bowe,” Calhoun said. “Coach Bowe does a great job getting guys ready for the next level both on and off the court. When guys come out of Coach Bowe’s program, they’re ready to play. We expect Brendan to come in and make a major impact right away.
Fairmont State University is a member of the West Virginia Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (WVIAC).
“He can do it all, and his versatility is one of the reasons so many Division I and II schools were after him” Calhoun continued. “He’s an exceptional athlete, but he’s also extremely skilled. He can pass it, and for a 6-7 guy he can handle the ball extremely well. He has great fundamentals, and when you combine that with his elite athleticism and his work ethic, you put up the kinds of numbers that he has throughout his career.”
With Cooper leading the way, the Lakers put together the best year in program history. They finished the season 27-9 and won the NJCAA Division II Region 12, District 10 championship. Lakeland opened the season with 11 consecutive wins, finished the year ranked fourth in the country and advanced all the way to the national tournament before falling in the consolation game.
“Brendan is a winner,” said Calhoun. “Obviously his numbers are impressive and his accolades speak for themselves, but it’s the things he does that don’t show up in the box score that I like the most. He’s a tremendous leader and consistently makes winning plays. Whatever it takes to win, he gets it done.”
Cooper joins a roster that has been bolstered in recent weeks by several additions. He is the sixth member of Calhoun’s first recruiting class.
“This is a great addition to our program,” Calhoun added. “Brendan was one of the best junior college players in the country, and we already have one of the best returning players in the country in (senior guard) Isaac Thornton. Both of those guys are potential All-Americans, I truly believe that.”
Cooper, a native of Parma, Ohio, was the Northeast Ohio Conference Player of the Year and League MVP as a senior at Parma High.
Release courtesy of Fairmont State University Sports Information.
For local coverage of Cooper's signing with Fairmont State University, click on one of the following links:
News-12 WBOY |  West Virginia Metro News (with highlights)   |  Charleston Gazette
April 30, 2012  |  Lakeland Recognizes Student-Athletes at Year-End Banquet
As a part of the Athletic Awards Reception and Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony on Sunday afternoon, the following team awards were given out by Head Coach Djuro Peric.
Team Most Valuable Player – Brendan Cooper, sophomore
Newcomer of the Year – Chaz Rollins, freshman
Defensive Player of the Year – Deran Banton, freshman
Coaches Award – Isiah Boddie, freshman
Champion Award – Paul Zachlin, Faculty Academic Liaison
April 10, 2012  |  Cooper Named First Team All-American by NJCAA
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. – Sophomore forward Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) has been selected First Team (Division II) All-American by the NJCAA, becoming the sixth player in program history to earn national honors.  Cooper joins Ray Chambers (2011), Jonathan Burge (2001), and Kevin Hampton (1998) as the only first team selections in the 42-year history of Lakeland men’s basketball.
Cooper led the Lakers to their second straight Region 12, District 10 Championship and NJCAA National Tournament appearance, where they advanced to the Final Four before losing to eventual-champion Mott Community College 84-73 in the national semifinals.  Cooper and the Lakers finished the season 27-9 overall and fourth in the nation, the best result in program history.
Cooper averaged 17.7 points and 9.6 rebounds per game this season, good for second on the team in both categories.  He led the team in assists (4.2) and steals (2.1) per game and recorded 17 double-doubles on the year, including a pair at the National Tournament. 
The First Team All-Conference and First Team All-Region 12 selection helped the Lakers open the season with 11 straight wins, including an upset at then-No. 3 Erie Community College, and rise to a No. 3 national ranking.  He was named MVP of the 4th Annual TJ Memorial Classic after guiding host Lakeland to the tournament title and earned conference player of the week accolades on January 15. 
Cooper exits Lakeland with 886 points and 511 rebounds.  He played in 65 games and helped the Lakers go 47-19 during that time.
March 24, 2012  |  Lakers’ Rally Comes Up Short in Consolation Game
DANVILLE, Ill. – Brendan Cooper’s (Parma, Ohio / Parma) layup at the buzzer appeared to cap a 20-point, second half rally for the Lakeland men’s basketball team in the NJCAA Division II National Tournament consolation game.  The sophomore’s finger roll seemingly beat the clock but was ruled to still be in his hand as time expired, a call which was confirmed by replay at the end of regulation.  Despite a 78-76 loss to #2 South Suburban the Lakers still secured a fourth place finish in the country, the best result in program history.
Four players scored in double figures for the Lakers, who entered the half trailing 43-27.  South Suburban shot 47% from behind the arc in the first half, connecting on seven of 15 tries to build a 16-point lead. 
Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay), who was named to the All-Tournament team after averaging a double-double through the tournament, finished with 21 points and 16 rebounds in the loss.  Cooper added 18 to go along with eight rebounds, five assists, and three blocks while freshman Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) recorded a double-double with 17 points and ten boards.
Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) chipped in 14 points for LCC. 
That advantage ballooned to 20 in the second half before Lakeland made its run.  Trailing by two with five seconds remaining, Medley drew a foul and went to the line for a pair.  The guard drilled the first but missed the second, forcing Lakeland to foul with two seconds to go.
After Bryce Walker made one of two, the Lakers took over possession with the ball under their own basket and 1.8 seconds remaining.
Richard Smith heaved a full court pass to the top of the three-point line, allowing Cooper to catch and turn towards the basket and seemingly make the game-tying shot. 
Lakeland finished the season 27-9 overall, tied for the third most wins in program history.  With just one sophomore, the Lakers will look to make it three straight Regional Championships next year when they return nine players from this year’s tournament run. 
March 23, 2012  |  Lakeland’s Upset Bid Falls Short in NJCAA Final Four
DANVILLE, Ill. – Lakeland men’s basketball took the nation’s top team, Mott Community College, to the brink in the NJCAA National Tournament semifinals but ultimately fell 84-73 on Friday night inside the Mary Miller Center.
Mott, riding a 30-game win streak, will make its seventh National Championship appearance in the last 11 years.  The Bears are 3-3 in the title game entering tonight’s clash with Rhode Island Community College.
Lakeland will take on South Suburban at 5:30 p.m. in the third place game.
Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) led the way offensively with 20 points and 10 rebounds for his third straight double-double of the tournament.  Lone sophomore Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) added 20 points and 11 rebounds in the setback.
Freshmen Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y) and Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) chipped in 12 and 9 points, respectively.
A back-and-forth game throughout, top-seeded Mott clung to a 38-35 lead at the break behind 15 points from Ralph Eason. 
Lakeland would storm out of the half with a 10-1 run to capture the lead, but the Bears responded quickly with a 9-2 spurt of their own.  The Bears (34-1) stretched the advantage to 13 in the final four minutes, only to see the Lakers (27-8) pull within eight with just over two minutes to play.
The Bears’ John Taylor led all scorers with 28 points, but benefited from scoring 16 from the free throw line.  Taylor’s 12 point effort from the field – on 5-of-15 shooting – was his lowest output since February 15. 
Mott finished 24-of-30 from the charity stripe on the night and was effective down the stretch to keep Lakeland at bay.
March 22, 2012  |  Streaking Lakeland Upsets #4 South Mountain, Rolls Into Final Four
 
DANVILLE, Ill. – Lakeland’s record-setting season continued Thursday night as the fifth-seeded Lakers upset South Mountain 81-74 in the Elite Eight of the NJCAA National Tournament.  Lakeland will take on the nation’s top team, Mott, on Friday night at 9:00 p.m. (EST) for a spot in the National Championship.
 
Freshman forward Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) recorded his second straight double-double of the tournament with a team-high 25 points and 10 rebounds.  Classmate Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) provided a spark off the bench for the second straight night, hitting a trio of critical three-pointers and finishing with 19 points.
 
The forward tandem of Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) and Richard Smith (Cleveland, Ohio / Lutheran East) pulled down ten rebounds each, helping Lakeland to a 45-41 advantage on the glass.  Cooper (10 points) and Smith (7) each denied three shots in the victory.
 
Lakeland took a 34-27 lead into the break behind a 1-3-1 zone which stalled the South Mountain offense.  Freshman guard Romero Sumbry (East Cleveland, Ohio / Walnut Ridge) drilled a three-pointer as time expired in the first half to give the Lakers a seven point advantage.
 
LCC never surrendered the lead in the second half, though South Mountain managed to get within three on multiple occasions. 
 
Leading by three with just over two minutes to play, the Lakeland defense came up with its biggest stop of the night when Cooper forced South Mountain’s Mike Craig into a difficult baseline jumper and corralled the rebound.  The Lakers knocked down all six free throw attempts in the final minute to secure the victory, their seventh straight.
 
The Lakers will face their toughest opponent of the season on Friday when they take on Region 12 foe Mott.  The Bears have won three national titles in the last ten years and were national runner-up three more times.  Mott (32-1) defeated Louisburg College on Thursday night.
March 21, 2012  |  No. 5 Lakeland Dispatches Bismarck State 84-73, Advances to Elite Eight
DANVILLE, Ill. – Freshman guard Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) poured in a career-high 25 points and classmate Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) recorded a double-double to power the Lakeland men’s basketball team past Bismarck State in the opening round of the 2012 NJCAA Division II National Tournament.
After two days of play the Lakers (26-7) are just one of eight teams in the nation still vying for a national title.  Lakeland will take on No. 4 South Mountain (26-7) on Thursday night at 8:30 p.m with a berth in the Final Four on the line.
Medley went 9-for-18 from the floor including 3-for-7 from long range, helping the Lakeland bench to a 35-8 advantage over Bismarck State.  Rollins added 17 points and a team-high 14 rebounds while sophomore Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) filled the stat sheet with 15 points, six rebounds, and six assists.
Freshmen Duran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) aided the cause with 13 points while classmate Richard Smith (Cleveland, Ohio / Lutheran East) denied five shots in the win.
The Lakers jumped out to an 8-2 through the opening minutes of the game and led by as many as 10 in the first half before settling for a 36-30 lead at the break.  Medley led the way with 12 points through the opening period while Rollins tallied six points and ten rebounds.
Lakeland never surrendered the lead despite allowing Bismarck State to close the gap to just one with five minutes remaining.  The Lakers responded by scoring seven straight points to build an eight point lead and pushed the advantage to 11 behind solid free throw shooting down the stretch.
LCC held a commanding 54-28 advantage in points in the paint to get within a win of a spot in the Final Four.  One year removed from its first NJCAA National Tournament appearance, the Lakers are just three wins away from the program’s first National Championship.
March 10, 2012  |  Lakers repeat as Region 12, District 10 champions
PERRYSBURG, Ohio - The Lakeland men’s basketball team erased a one point halftime deficit by outscoring host Owens by 23 over the final 20 minutes en route to an 80-58 victory in the Region 12, District 10 Championship game on Saturday afternoon. On Monday the Lakers will learn who and when they are playing in the NJCAA Division II National Tournament held in Danville, Illinois.
The fourth-seeded Lakers were led by freshman Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay), who scored 24 points and pulled down 11 rebounds in 34 minutes of action. Classmate Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) scored 18 while Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) and Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) added ten apiece.
Second-seeded Owens built a 35-34 lead entering the break before Lakeland took over. The Lakers (25-7) outscored the Express 42-28 in the paint and led by as many as 24 in the second half.
March 6, 2102  |  Lakers roll into Regional semifinals with 95-78 win over Sinclair
KIRTLAND, Ohio – Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) and Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) combined for 36 points and 22 rebounds to propel the fourth-seeded Lakeland men’s basketball team past Sinclair on Tuesday night inside the AFC.
Rollins finished with a team-high 22 points on 8 of 11 shooting while Cooper added 14.  Each finished with 11 rebounds on the night.
Freshmen Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) and Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) added 14 and 11, respectively, to set up a matchup with top-seeded Columbus State on Friday afternoon at 1:00 p.m. on the campus of Owens Community College.
Medley added a game-high seven assists in the win while classmate Daishon Robinson (Woodbridge, N.J.) had four.
Lakeland (23-7) and Columbus State (25-4) will meet for the third time this season but for the first time on a neutral court.  In the first matchup No. 9 Columbus State held on for a 76-75 win at the AFC.  Three weeks later Lakeland’s late rally came up short in a 95-93 loss to the nation’s third ranked team.
The Lakers have won three straight by an average margin of 16.7 points per game and will look to carry the momentum in Friday’s semifinal.  The winner advances to the Regional Championship game on Saturday (March 10) at 1:00 p.m.
February 25, 2012  |  Medley’s career day powers Lakeland men to 20th win
KIRTLAND, Ohio – Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) set career-highs with 23 points and six assists to help the Lakeland men’s basketball team top visiting Edison, 103-90, on Saturday afternoon inside the Athletic & Fitness Center. 
The win comes in the Lakers’ first home game since an 82-72 win over Owens on January 25.  Lakeland (20-8, 5-6 OCCAC) will host Sinclair this Saturday (March 3) in the regular season finale before setting its sights on defending last year’s Region XII, District 10 tournament title. 
Medley finished 9 of 12 from the floor, including 3 of 5 from beyond the arc, to pace the Lakeland offense.  Three other players scored in double figures for LCC.  Sophomore Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) finished with 19 to go along with seven rebounds, four assists, three blocks, and three steals. 
Freshmen Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) and Daishon Robinson (Woodbridge, N.J.) added 16 and 14, respectively. 
The hosts closed the first half with a 12-2 run to take a 49-39 lead into the break.  Lakeland then extended the lead to 25 midway through the second half before settling for the 13-point win.
The last time the Lakers eclipsed 100 points in an OCCAC game was February 15, 2006 in an overtime win over Columbus State.  The win secures the third overall – and second straight - 20-win season under ninth-year head coach Terry Bowe. 
February 18, 2012  |  Lakeland men dispatch Alfred State, halt three game slide
ALFRED, N.Y. – Five players scored in double figures as the Lakeland men’s basketball team put a stop to a three game losing streak with a 94-71 victory over host Alfred State on Saturday afternoon.
Freshman forward Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) scored 23 points and pulled down 12 rebounds to lead the Lakers (19-7) in their final non-conference game of the regular season.  Freshman guard Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) scored 19 points in 32 minutes after earning his first start of the season.
Classmates Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) and Daishon Robinson (Woodbridge, N.J.) added 14 points apiece while Richard Smith (Cleveland, Ohio / Lutheran East) registered a double-double with 11 points and 12 boards. 
Lakeland recorded 25 assists on 36 field goals and turned a three-point halftime lead into a 23-point victory on the strength of 62 second half points. 
Leading by just four (46-42) with 13 minutes remaining in the game, Medley connected on his only three-pointer of the game to ignite an 18-4 run over the ensuing five minutes to put the game away. 
The Lakers now turn their attention back to the conference slate when they travel to local rival Cuyahoga on Wednesday (Feb. 22) at 7:30 p.m.
February 16, 2012  |  Men start slow, drop third straight game
TOLEDO, Ohio – Despite four players in double figures and a near triple-double performance from sophomore Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma), the nationally-ranked Lakeland men’s basketball team fell to host Owens, 92-84, on Wednesday night.  It was the third loss in as many games for the No. 21 Lakers, who dropped to 18-7 overall and 4-5 in the Ohio Community College Athletic Conference with only a handful of games remaining.
The visitors put themselves into a big hole early as the Express jumped out to a 16-0 lead through the first five minutes of the half before Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) finally put Lakeland on the board at the 14:13 mark.  Trailing 20-8 with just over 12 minutes to play in the opening period, Rollins’ old fashioned three-point play ignited a 13-4 run to pull LCC within three.
The Express would respond with a run of their own and take a 47-37 lead into the locker rooms.
Lakeland managed to take the lead (70-69) on a Cooper layup with just over six minutes to play in regulation, but Owens answered by scoring the next five points to take the lead for good.
Rollins scored a team-high 18 points while Cooper finished with 17 to go along with 12 rebounds and eight assists in the setback.  Freshmen Richard Smith (Cleveland, Ohio / Lutheran East) and Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) each added ten for the Lakers, who return to action on Saturday (Feb. 18) when they travel to Alfred State for the final non-conference game of the regular season.
February 4, 2012  |  Lakers respond with 91-78 win at Edison
PIQUA, Ohio – Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) recorded a double-double to guide the nationally-ranked Lakeland men’s basketball team to a 91-78 win at Edison on Saturday afternoon.  Rollins led the way with 20 points and 13 rebounds, helping the Lakers (18-4, 4-2 OCCAC) bounce back from a tough loss on Wednesday. 
The win sets the stage for Wednesday’s matchup at conference-leading Columbus State (21-2, 6-1 OCCAC) at 7:30 p.m.  A win would put the Lakers right back in the title race with five games remaining.
Four other players scored in double figures for Lakeland including sophomore Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma), who finished with 16 points, eight rebounds, and four steals in the win.
Freshman Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) chipped in with 18 points on 9-of-14 shooting from the floor.  Classmates Daishon Robinson (Woodbridge, N.J.) and Richard Smith (Cleveland, Ohio / Lutheran East) added 11 and 10, respectively. 
February 1, 2012  |  Lakers’ rally comes up short against Tri-C
PAINESVILLE, Ohio – Despite double-doubles from Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) and Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma), the No. 10 Lakeland men’s basketball team suffered a tough 75-68 loss to local rival Cuyahoga on Wednesday night.  The game was played at Lake Erie College’s Osborne Center due to water damage inside the main gymnasium in the Athletic & Fitness Center.
The Lakers (17-4, 3-2 OCCAC) built a five point halftime lead (45-40) behind 11 points from Cooper.  The sophomore forward shot 4 of 6 from the floor in the opening 20 minutes.  He finished with 16 points, 10 rebounds, and six assists in the setback.
The second half proved to be a different story as the Challengers outscored the LCC 35-23.  Lakeland found itself down just two with under a minute to play after a Rollins’ layup made it 67-65.  Cuyahoga answered by scoring five of the next six points to put the game out of reach.
The freshman Rollins finished with 20 points and 11 rebounds for his 14th double-double of the year.  Classmate Richard Smith (Cleveland, Ohio / Lutheran East) added ten points and four rebounds in the loss.
Lakeland will look to bounce back on Saturday (Feb. 4) when it travels to Piqua, Ohio to take on Edison (7-12, 0-5 OCCAC) at 3:00 p.m.
January 25, 2012  |  No. 12 Lakeland powers past Owens in OCCAC action
KIRTLAND, Ohio – Brendan Cooper led four players in double figures as the nationally-ranked Lakeland men’s basketball team picked up a key conference victory over visiting Owens on Wednesday night inside the Athletic & Fitness Center.  Cooper paced the hosts with 19 points on 7 of 12 shooting from the floor to go along with nine rebounds and three blocks.
Freshman Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) added 18 and six rebounds in the victory, helping the Lakers improve to 16-3 overall and 2-1 in OCCAC play. 
Freshman Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) chipped in 16 points while classmate Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) had 14 on 4 of 4 shooting from the floor.
Lakeland opened a 41-36 halftime lead and outscored Owens by the identical score over the final 20 minutes of play. 
The Lakers now turn their attention to Sinclair Community College as they travel to Dayton, Ohio on Saturday for a 4:00 conference matchup.  Owens (15-8, 2-3 OCCAC) looks to bounce back the same day when it plays host to Edison.
January 18, 2012  |  No. 9 Columbus State edges No. 7 Lakeland in top-10 matchup
KIRTLAND, Ohio – In a back and forth game that lived up to its billing as the NJCAA “Game of the Week,” No. 9 Columbus State narrowly escaped the Athletic & Fitness Center with a 76-75 win over No. 7 Lakeland.  Trailing by one with less than eight seconds to go, Lakeland inbounded the ball to freshman forward Richard Smith (Cleveland, Ohio / Lutheran East), who’s jumper touched every inch of the rim before falling off in the final seconds.  With the setback, the Lakers stall at 14-3 overall and suffer their first conference loss of the season (1-1).
Wednesday night’s matchup featured five lead changes, with neither side gaining more than an eight point advantage.  The hosts clung to a one point lead at the break (37-36) before being narrowly outscored by the visitors 40-38 over the final 20 minutes of play.
Trailing by four with less than a minute to play, Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) tipped in his own shot to cut the lead in half.  On the ensuing inbounds play Cooper stole the ball at midcourt and was fouled driving to the hoop, giving the sophomore forward a chance to tie the game at the charity stripe.  Cooper made the first but missed the second, only to see the ball deflect off a Columbus State player out of bounds. 
With 10 seconds remaining Cooper’s jumper hit front iron and landed in a scrum for the jump ball which allowed Lakeland to keep possession.  Seconds later, Smith’s potential game winner came up just short.
Cooper finished with a game-high 28 points to go along with seven rebounds and six steals.  Freshman Deran Banton (Jamaica Queens, N.Y.) chipped in with 13 points while freshman Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) had 14.
The Lakers return to action on Sunday (Jan. 22) when they host Lourdes College at 1:00 pm in non-conference matchup.
January 23, 2012  |  Cooper named OCCAC Player of the Week
KIRTLAND, Ohio – Sophomore Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) has been the Ohio Community College Athletic Conference (OCCAC) Player of the Week after guiding the Lakers to a road win at Cincinnati State on Saturday, January 14.
Cooper helped Lakeland improve to 13-2 overall and 1-0 in league play with the 81-73 victory in Cincinnati.  The forward scored 15 points and pulled down 15 rebounds for his 13th double-double of the season.  For the season Cooper ranks 21st nationally in scoring (19.9 ppg) and is hauling in just under 10 rebounds per game. 
The Lakers (15-3, 1-1 OCCAC) host Owens Community College in a pivotal conference matchup on Wednesday (Jan. 25) at 7:30 p.m. before traveling to Dayton on Saturday to face off with Sinclair.
January 10, 2012  |  No. 12 Lakeland men stay perfect at home, improve to 13-2
KIRTLAND, Ohio – The nationally-ranked Lakeland men’s basketball team shot 62% from the floor in the opening half and cruised to a 91-57 victory over visiting Niagara County in its first game of 2012.  Freshman Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) paced the Lakers with 23 points and eight rebounds.
Sophomore Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) flirted with a triple-double and finished with 15 points, eight rebounds, and seven assists in the win.
In total, Lakeland put five players in double figures.  Freshman Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) scored 12 while classmates Daishon Robinson (Woodbridge, N.J.) and Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio / Euclid) added 13 and 10, respectively, off the bench.
Freshman Richard Smith (Cleveland, Ohio / Lutheran East) paced the defensive effort with a career-high six blocks in 21 minutes. 
LCC hit 18 of 29 attempts from the floor in the opening 20 minutes to take a commanding 39-19 lead into the break.
Lakeland improved to 8-0 at home and enters conference play at 13-2 overall.  The Lakers travel to Cincinnati State on Saturday for a 3:00 p.m. game before returning to AFC on Wednesday (Jan. 18) for a top-15 showdown with No. 7 Columbus State.
January 5, 2012  |  Barnes named WVIAC Player of the Week
PRINCETON, W. Va. – Former Lakeland standout Nate Barnes has been named West Virginia Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (WVIAC) Player of the Week after guiding Alderson-Broaddus University to an 80-66 win over Shepherd University on Thursday night.
Barnes scored 19 points on six of eight shooting while dishing out a game-high nine assists, helping the Battlers improve to 7-2 on the season and 5-1 in conference play.
Barnes has started all nine games this season while averaging 17.1 points and 6.1 assists.  The senior guard leads the league in free throw percentage (.936) and is fourth in assists per game. 
Click here to read the full release.  Follow Nate all season long at GoBattlers.com – the official site of Alderson-Broaddus University athletics.
December 10-11, 2011  |  Lakers fall in Pete Pavia Tournament title game
ROCHESTER, N.Y. – The nationally-ranked Lakeland Community College men’s basketball team fell to host Monroe Community College, 97-80, in Saturday’s Pete Pavia Tournament championship game, dropping the Lakers to 11-1 on the year with two games remaining before the holiday break.
Opening Round: No. 3 Lakeland CC 85, Oakland CC 72
Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio/John Hay) and Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio/Parma) combined for 45 points as No. 3 Lakeland downed Oakland in the opening round of the Pete Pavia Tournament hosted by Monroe Community College.  Rollins finished with a game and career-high 19 rebounds to go along with 24 points while the sophomore Cooper scored 21.  
Freshmen guards Martell Medley (Cleveland, Ohio/Euclid) and Deran Banton (Jamaica, N.Y.) added 12 and 10 points, respectively, to help Lakeland remain perfect and reach the tournament championship.
Tournament Championship: No. 3 Lakeland CC 80, Monroe CC 97
Despite three players in double figures, No. 3 Lakeland suffered its first loss of the season at the hands of host Monroe CC on Saturday night.  The Lakers stall at 11-1 overall and will look to bounce back when they travel to Batavia, N.Y. on Saturday (Dec. 17) at 3:00 p.m. 
Sophomore Brendan Cooper led the way with 16 points and 10 rebounds while Deran Banton scored a career-high 15 in the setback.  Chaz Rollins chipped in 13 points, six boards, and three steals. 
Lakeland held a four point lead (46-42) and trailed by just one with under seven minutes to play in the second half before Monroe responded with a 12-3 run to put the game away.
November 23, 2011  |  Cooper named NJCAA player of the week
Sophomore forward Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) has been named the NJCAA Division II player of the week after guiding the Lakers to the 4th Annual TJ Memorial Classic Tournament title over the weekend. 
Cooper opened the week with 24 points, nine rebounds, and five assists against Notre Dame JV before recording a pair of double-doubles in the Classic en route to tournament MVP honors.
On the season, Cooper is ranked 24th in the nation in scoring average (20.7 ppg) and 17th in rebounds per game (11.1).  Lakeland moved up two spots this week to No. 3 in the nation.
November 23, 2011  |  Men’s basketball ranked No. 3 in the nation
Despite finishing eighth in the 2011 National Tournament, the Lakeland men’s basketball team entered the 2011-12 season unranked due in large part to a roster laden with freshmen.  The Lakers quickly moved from unranked to No. 5 after knocking off No. 3 Erie CC on the road and claiming the Cole’s/Brennan’s Tip-Off Tournament in early November. 
Two weeks later, LCC won the 4th Annual TJ Memorial Classic Tournament championship inside the Athletic & Fitness Center to move to 7-0 on the season.  In the latest NJCAA poll, the Lakers moved up two spots and are now ranked No. 3 nationally entering the holiday break. 
Freshman forward Chaz Rollins (Warrensville Heights, Ohio / John Hay) and sophomore forward Brendan Cooper (Parma, Ohio / Parma) are both ranked in the top-25 nationally in scoring and rebounding .
The Lakers’ high-powered offense is averaging just over 95 points per game while the defense is holding opponents to less than 76 points per game. 
Next up on the non-conference slate is a Tuesday (Nov. 29) meeting with Niagara County CC in Sanborn, N.Y. before Lakeland returns home to host Schoolcraft (Mich.) College on Saturday, December 3 at 1:00 p.m.
November 23,2011  |  Lampley named MAC player of the week
 
