
Legendary LA Lakers' Coach & Hall of Fame Player Bill Sharman to... -- LOS ANGELES, May 2, 2011 /PRNewswire/ --
See more news releases in: Entertainment , General Sports , Sporting Events , Awards
 
Legendary LA Lakers' Coach & Hall of Fame Player Bill Sharman to Receive 1971 ABA Championship Ring After 40 Years
 
 
ABA Founder Dennis Murphy to Present Famed LA Lakers Coach with 1971 ABA Championship Ring During Special Halftime Ceremony Tonight Hosted by the Buss Family
LOS ANGELES, May 2, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Legendary LA Lakers coach Bill Sharman, who led the Lakers to their still unchallenged, record-breaking 33 consecutive game winning streak in the 1971-72 season, will finally be awarded his 1971 ABA League Championship ring as head coach for the Utah Stars. ABA founder Dennis Murphy will make the presentation during a special halftime ceremony at the Lakers playoff game on Monday night at the Staples Center.
In 1971 Sharman was head coach of the ABA Championship-winning Utah Stars, when Lakers owner Jack Kent Cooke offered him the head coaching job for his NBA team. Cooke had spared no expense in getting superior court talent, by drawing Wilt Chamberlain, Jerry West, Elgin Baylor, Pat Riley, Gail Goodrich and Happy Hairston, among others, and was looking for a head coach to lead his team to victory.
After realizing he never signed his contract with the Utah Stars, Sharman joined the Lakers and led them to their first NBA championship in Los Angeles.  After leaving Utah, Sharman never received his 1971 ABA Championship ring when they were presented.
It was only when filmmaker Dr. Elliott Haimoff of Global Science Productions and co-producer Randy Friend of Screaming Eagle Productions, began the extensive interview process for a biography of ABA founder Dennis Murphy that this oversight came to light. Upon learning of the omission, Dennis insisted the ring, made by JB Diamonds in Newport Beach, be presented to Sharman.  Lakers Executive Vice President of Business Operations Jeanie Buss agreed to host the historic halftime ceremony.
"Although I have several championship rings from my days with the Boston Celtics, and as general manager of the LA Lakers, it's always been a sore point in my heart that I never actually received the official 1971 ABA championship ring," said the 85 year old Sharman.
Dennis Murphy, also 85, notes: "I felt a responsibility to Bill Sharman, particularly since I recruited him into the ABA when I first founded the league. I also want to make things right by honoring the memory of Bill Daniels and acknowledge Bill Sharman's greatness as a coach."
Lakers Jeanie Buss adds, "It is an honor to host this ceremony that acknowledges the contributions of Bill Sharman, not only to the Lakers but to the entire sport of basketball."
The Ceremony will take place at halftime of the Lakers vs. Mavericks game on Monday night, May 2nd.
Contact:
