kding@ocregister.com
EL SEGUNDO – Here’s a sampling of things that could happen if you met new Lakers coach Mike Brown at the grocery store in Anaheim Hills, sat next to him at a Mater Dei High School game or had lunch with him Thursday, as I did …
1. He apologizes to someone coming up to shake his hand because he has a little au jus sauce or ketchup on his – and offers the person a fist-bump and a smile instead.
ADVERTISEMENT
2. He actually listens to something you tell him, because he truly believes he can learn from you as much as you can learn from him.
3. He oozes pride in sons Elijah and Cameron not for their current skill, but for their current work ethic.
4. He calls himself “lucky, fortunate, blessed, whatever you want to call it” for his place in this world.
5. He argues that you – yes, you – could play defense at a high level in the NBA.
6. He expresses gratitude toward someone in the business – perhaps named Popovich or Carlisle, but more likely someone with a lesser standing than Brown's own today.
7. He laughs so long and with such open spirit that you actually count the perfect teeth you can see … 16, 17, 18 ….
8. He has a DVD of some NBA game in one of his pockets to study later.
9. He makes you come away thinking how much better you could do your job if you brought a little more passion to it.
10. He invites you to live with him and his family.
Well, he probably won’t invite you to live with him and his family, but you can’t rule it out considering what the Browns are doing this year for Canada native Nirra Fields. She is No. 11 in ESPN’s national list of senior basketball prospects, and she’ll get to do her thing at powerhouse Mater Dei after the Browns took guardianship of her and brought her here.
She’ll get life lessons from a female role model in Brown’s wife, Carolyn – which is precisely what Nirra’s single-male guardian wanted for her in originally introducing Nirra to Carolyn.
Yet when told what a good situation it makes for Nirra, Mike Brown counters with: “It’s good for us, too. Terrific. I guess it all depends on the type of people involved. She’s a great person. So it made it easy.”
What Brown is doing at home with Nirra Fields might appear to have little to do with what he can do at work with Kobe Bryant, Pau Gasol and Andrew Bynum.
In fact, the underlying sentiment is not dissimilar.
Brown wants to build a cooperative community in Lakerland where no one is keeping track of who gives what to whom, yet everyone is accountable. At the heart of that is consistent effort, and although Brown is too nice to cast the aspersions, it’s abundantly clear that he intends to bring a passion back to the Lakers’ play that was sorely lacking in a disappointing last season under Phil Jackson.
“I don’t feel like I’m the smartest guy out there,” Brown said. “I feel like I’m a pretty good people-person. I feel like I have common sense, at least. And I do believe that I work hard. To me, that’s where my advantage is going to be, if there is one.”
No one in Cleveland ever questioned Brown’s work ethic in his five seasons there. His accompanying drive and passion came across clearly in wowing Jerry and Jim Buss and Mitch Kupchak in Brown’s Lakers job interview, and Brown revealed Thursday that some of the best advice in telling Lakers executives what they wanted to hear came from his former general manager in Cleveland, Danny Ferry, and the Cavaliers’ current GM Chris Grant.
But the way it goes with Brown, it’s never just one or two voices in his head.
Unpacking in his new Anaheim Hills house recently, Brown found a card with the Spurs’ logo on it from when Brown was an assistant coach under Gregg Popovich nearly 10 years ago. On the card were notes Brown had taken while peppering Marc Iavaroni, at the time more of a rising young star in the assistant-coach world than Brown was.
Brown wanted to know what Iavaroni knew, specifically about how to prepare for a head-coach job interview and what that interview was like, so he asked and asked and asked.
The guy is simply not afraid of what he doesn’t know.
“This might get me in trouble going on record saying this, but I don’t think there’s a dumb question out there,” Brown said.
As it turns out, Brown became Cleveland’s head coach in 2005 – ahead of Iavaroni, who lasted just a season and a half as Memphis’ head coach in 2007-08. Iavaroni laughingly pointed out Brown beating him to the big chair when Brown saw Iavaroni, now a Clippers assistant, earlier this week at an NBA coaches’ clinic.
The clinic Tuesday in Los Angeles also marked the first time Brown and Brian Shaw, Jackson’s Lakers assistant who lost out to Brown for this job, ever formally met. Awkward? Not too much, Brown said, no matter that Bryant endorsed Shaw and then wasn’t even consulted before it became Brown’s job.
For all who’ve wondered if Brown catered too much to LeBron James in Cleveland, some within the Lakers’ organization wondered if Shaw would’ve catered too much to Bryant here in a system Bryant actually understood even better than Shaw did.
And whether you want to read a lot or a little into it, note this: When talking about the contrasting offensive styles Brown will show from Cleveland to here, the new Lakers’ coach summarized the coming Lakers offense as feeding Gasol and Bynum inside, not being the Kobe show.
“This team is completely different from what I had in Cleveland,” Brown said. “In Cleveland, I had a guy who liked to come off the top of the floor, liked to play in space and play pick-and-roll and make plays for others. Here, I’ve got two guys similar to what we had in San Antonio; you’re able to throw them the ball on the block.”
It’s impossible to imagine Bryant not getting his, however, and if the baseline for Brown’s Lakers basketball is going to be the passion and work ethic, though, Brown and Bryant will get along just fine.
Keeping up with him in drive time, after all, is what Bryant has always wanted from and for his teammates.
Brown’s specialty is getting it.
To see that, we can peek back into the Brown household.
Son Elijah, a 6-foot-3 combo guard who is No. 60 on Rivals.com’s national scouting list for high school juniors, has started to take off over the past year with his vastly improved work ethic. Take a wild guess who has been on Elijah about that.
“His game is the complete opposite of mine: Elijah does have talent; I never had talent,” Brown said. “But the things I know I did: I hit people, and I worked hard. Elijah’s just too smooth and too cute for me out on that floor.
“So literally, if we’re in the gym, if we’re lucky, we’ll get through a workout. But most times, I end up kicking him out of the gym before it even gets started, almost. I’m just a stickler about hard work.”
Related:
