+ Subscribe
It appears that the search for new head coach and successor to Phil Jackson for the Los Angeles Lakers is almost over. Reportedly, Lakers owner Jerry Buss has said that the team is "very close" to hiring a new head coach and most of the current roster will be returning next season with a tweak here and there.
There has been no shortage of head coaching candidates for the Lakers as of late, but no decision has been made on who will be calling the shots from the sidelines next season and beyond.
The front runner has been Lakers assistant Brian Shaw for the job, but he has had some competition with big-name head coaches being mentioned in the conversation. Shaw still seems to have the edge with most of the current players, including Kobe Bryant wanting him to be the main man of coaching staff, but the team is considering others to replace the Zen Master.
Advertisement
Jerry Buss did say the following about the team's current search for a new head coach concerning the player's insight:
"We really don't consult the players on these matters," Buss said. "Obviously, we have to select somebody who has a reputation that players would be happy with. But to ask a direct player to select a particular coach, that's general manager territory."
With Rick Adelman , Jeff Van Gundy, Mike Brown, Mike Dunleavy Sr. and p ossibly even though Kurt Rambis in the running for the most sought after head coaching position in the NBA, Brian Shaw has his work cut out for him, but many people believe the former Lakers' guard and assistant coach will be Phil Jackson's successor.
Brian Shaw should be the next in line for the Lakers in my opinion, but I wouldn't be surprised to see the team go in a new direction with Rick Adelman. It will be interesting to see what direction Jerry Buss and GM Mitch Kupchak go in concerning the new head coach and what moves should be made this summer.
Follow the Lakers Examiner on Twitter: @Lakers_Examiner
Jerry Buss claims that the Los Angeles Lakers are on the verge of hiring a new head coach.
Photo credit: 
