Report: Bobcats interview Quin Snyder
Quin Snyder has coached at both the NBA and collegiate levels.
Share This Story
Updated Jun 4, 2012 6:56 PM ET
     
 
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP)
The Bobcats interviewed Los Angeles Lakers assistant coach Quin Snyder on Monday in Chicago about their head coaching vacancy, said a person familiar with the situation.
Bobcats
at a glance
 
Looking for the latest on the Bobcats? Get the inside slant, stats, scores, schedules and more scoops right here .
 
The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because Charlotte has not made its list of coaching candidates public.
Snyder, a former head coach in the NBDL's Austin Toros and at Missouri, becomes the 10th candidate to interview for the Bobcats opening as what has been a lengthy search begins to wind down. The person said the Bobcats could interview one more candidate before paring the list down to a few finalists who'll meet with owner Michael Jordan.
General manager Rich Cho and director of basketball operations Rod Higgins have handled all interviews up until this point.
The Bobcats have previously interviewed former Portland head coach Nate McMillan and former Utah coach Jerry Sloan, as well as several NBA assistant coaches including Golden State's Michael Malone, Charlotte's Stephen Silas, Cleveland's Nate Tibbetts and Memphis' Dave Joerger, as well as assistant coach Mike Dunlap from St. John's.
Lakers at a glance
 
Looking for the latest on the Lakers? Get the inside slant, stats, scores, schedules and more scoops right here .
 
Orlando assistant coach Patrick Ewing also interviewed for the job, but was told by Jordan he was no longer a candidate leaving the list of known candidates at nine.
Higgins said last week the Bobcats would like to make a hire ''within the next couple of weeks.''
It's unclear if the Bobcats will interview more candidates once the NBA conference finals have concluded.
The Bobcats have emphasized they'd like to hire a coach who's a solid teacher and can develop the younger players on the roster.
Charlotte finished 7-59 last season and with the worst winning percentage (.106) in league history. Shortly after the season they decided not to renew Paul Silas' contract and to make a coaching change.
