  One on One Interview
Allendale, Mich. - Tim Selgo, the Director of Athletics at Grand Valley State University, announced today that Matt Mitchell has been named the seventh head coach in the tradition-rich history of the GVSU football program. Mitchell replaces Chuck Martin who left to become the defensive backs coach at the University of Notre Dame. Martin guided Grand Valley State to a 74-7 record during his six years at the helm, including two NCAA DII Football National Championships (2005-2006), five Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (GLIAC) crowns, and six playoff appearances.
"I am pleased to announce today that Matt Mitchell is the seventh head football coach in the proud history of Grand Valley State football," said Selgo. "We interviewed an outstanding group of candidates for our head football coaching position and each one of those candidates were first class individuals and outstanding football coaches. Ultimately, we had to make a decision that was in the best interest of our student-athletes at GVSU and there is no doubt in my mind that we found that person in Matt Mitchell ," added Selgo.
A six-year veteran of the GVSU coaching staff, Mitchell most recently concluded his second year as the defensive coordinator and linebacker/safety coach for the Lakers. Mitchell's 2009 squad finished the regular season ranked first in the GLIAC in scoring defense (17.7 ppg), rushing defense (95.6 ypg), total defense (305.0 ypg), turnover margin (+22), QB sacks (48), tackles for loss (7.1 pg), and interceptions (21). The Laker defense ranked in the top-20 of six NCAA DII categories and held six opponents to 10 points or less. His 2008 Laker defense led the GLIAC in six different categories and ranked in the top-10 nationally in scoring defense (4th/12.6), QB sacks (2nd/4.17), and tackles for loss (6th/9.17). GVSU also ranked 17th in total defense (278.9), tallied two shutouts, and limited seven opponents to 10 points or less.
The 35-year-old Mitchell spent four years at Wartburg (Iowa) College as an assistant coach, including the final two as the defensive coordinator. Wartburg, which compiled a record of 21-3 while Mitchell was in charge of the defense, advanced to the quarterfinals of the NCAA Division III National Championship each of his last two years. Wartburg finished third in total defense, second in rush defense, and eighth in scoring defense in 2003 under Mitchell's guidance. Mitchell, who is a certified strength and conditioning coach through the NSCA, was named the Football Quarterly Division II Strength and Conditioning Coach of the Year in February 2007.
"It is a tremendous honor to be named head football coach at Grand Valley State University," said Mitchell. "The Grand Valley State football program has a great tradition of excellence and I am excited about the opportunity to lead our student-athletes. I am following in the footsteps of some outstanding football coaches and I am looking to continue to build on the tradition already established," added Mitchell.
Including his last two years at Wartburg, Mitchell has been a part of eight-year college football record of 95-10 with eight NCAA playoff appearances.
"Matt's track record in coaching has been successful each step of the way and he was a key piece in our 74-7 record the past six years," said Selgo. "Recruiting and leadership are key points to being the head coach at Grand Valley State and Matt meets those traits in much of the same way that Brian (Kelly) and Chuck (Martin) did during their time as head coaches at Grand Valley State."
Mitchell earned his B.S.S in Biology and Secondary Education from Cornell (Iowa) College in 1997. Matt was a two-time, First-Team All-Midwest Conference selection as a defensive lineman during his playing career at Cornell (Iowa) College.
 
