Text size A A A
Phil Jackson “has the itch” to coach again, a source told CBS Sports’ Ken Berger, and his longtime girlfriend, Lakers exec Jeanie Buss, said he’s “got his energy back” and believes he’ll coach again in some capacity. And while the 11-time NBA champion coach has yet to receive a phone call, according to Berger, many wonder if the Knicks will eventually reach out.
"I agree with you (that Jackson has the coaching gene and will coach again one day in some capacity),” Jeanie Buss said recently on ESPN Radio in L.A. (via I am a GM ). “He's got his energy back. ... Now how he's going to spend his time? I don't know."
Phil Jackson is reportedly feeling refreshed, leaving many wondering if a return to coaching is next. (AP photo)
Whether Jackson would accept a job offer—from the Lakers, Knicks or some other team—is not clear, but he apparently at least wants the phone to ring.
The Knicks, for whom Jackson played from 1967-78, are widely expected to make Mike Woodson their permanent head coach , and reports have said the organization has not reached out to Jackson because 1) it’s under the impression that he’s not interested, and/or 2) it has concerns about his age and health.
"It hurts" that no team has called, a Jackson confidante told Berger . "People need to know he is not dead, and he is not 70."
Jeanie Buss told the New York Post this weekend that her comments on the radio were not intended to prompt the Knicks to call. “I didn’t mean for anyone to confuse that to mean he was asking for the Knicks job or trying to return to the Lakers,” she said.
Meanwhile, with the Lakers barely surviving their first-round series against the Denver Nuggets and getting blown out in the first game of their second-round series against the Oklahoma City Thunder—in the context of Magic Johnson’s suggestion that first-year Lakers coach Mike Brown may be one-and-done—is a Jackson-Lakers reunion a possibility?
Tweets author Robert Lazenby , who has written several books on the Lakers, “Phil's refreshed and rarin' to go? This will be interesting. Jerry Buss has always been mindful of selling tickets. That's his bottom line.” In a subsequent tweet, however, Lazenby stresses, "I am not reporting any developments. It's a quip."
