NBA Rumors: Los Angeles Lakers Top 3 Coaching Prospects
March 25, 2011   ·   No Comments
By
The assumption is that after Phil Jackson finally calls it quits and does not roam the sidelines for the Lakers that Brian Shaw will be considered the lead candidate to become the Lakers next head coach. Shaw may get the job, but things are rarely as they seem in Laker land.  The organization may select a coach that fans and media will be surprised with, just to keep things interesting in LA.  Sports Report 360 examines the top 3 coaching prospects for the Lakers.
Coach K
With each season at Duke there is less for Coach K to prove. He has won four national championships and soon will be the winningest coach in college basketball history.  Players around the NBA, particularly Kobe Bryant have a tremendous amount of respect for him as a coach.  The timing is right for Coach K to take a serious look at making a leap to the professional ranks. He is more than capable of helping the Lakers’ organization win multiple championships.
Erik Spoelstra
Anytime Pat Riley personally mentors and teaches a coach that merits the Lakers’ organization taking a strong look at hiring that individual at head coach.  The superstars in Miami may not follow or trust Spoelstra yet because this is his first head coaching job in the NBA. The tension between him and the players could cost him his job in the near future.  However, the Lakers’ team is comprised of players who would love to play in a defensive and offensive system that gives the players so much freedom on the floor.  With strong interior play and the best closer in the game, Spoelstra could easily help the Lakers win multiple championships.
Stan Van Gundy
Dwight Howard wants to join the Lakers down the line and is having a MVP caliber season averaging over 23 points a game along with just over 14 rebounds a game. Van Gundy and Howard have patched up their differences this season, which means they finally have a mutual respect for one another.  They would work well together in LA.  Van Gundy is known for being a perfectionist that loves the game of basketball.  Coaches who truly love the game quickly gain the respect of Kobe Bryant.  Van Gundy is capable of helping the Lakers reach their potential. If the Lakers hire Van Gundy, he will coach the team into winning multiple championships.
More From Our Network:
