Deron Williams
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar praises Andrew Bynum's willingness to learn
Even through he had a storied legacy with the Lakers, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar has lately made public gripes about his former employer. But there's at least one memory with the Lakers that hasn't soured Abdul-Jabbar: having the opportunity to coach Lakers center Andrew Bynum. Lakers Blog | Los Angeles Times
Kobe Bryant reportedly in talks with Turkish club team
Besiktas Coach Ergin Ataman says the team has made an offer to the Lakers guard and is waiting to hear from Bryant's representatives. Bryant would join New Jersey Nets All-Star guard Deron Williams.Kobe Bryant's representatives have had conversations about a deal for him to play for Turkish club team Besiktas this season in Istanbul, Besiktas Coach Ergin Ataman told The Times in a telephone interview Thursday. Los Angeles Times
Turkish club in talks to land Kobe Bryant
Turkish club Besiktas is in talks with Kobe Bryant's representatives about the possibility of the Lakers' star playing in Turkey during the NBA lockout."It is a fact that Kobe Bryant's managers have contacted us," Coach Ergin Ataman said Thursday, a week after Besiktas signed New Jersey Nets point guard Deron Williams. Riverside Press-Enterprise
Raptors Tab McKechnie As Director Of Sports Science
Raptors Tab McKechnie As Director Of Sports Science Here's a bit of Toronto Raptors news that's kind of flying under the radar: The Raptors announced Thursday the hiring of Alex McKechnie as their director of sports science. He will oversee all athletic training, rehabilitation and strength and conditioning. McKechnie worked for eight seasons as the athletic performance coordinator of the Los Angeles Lakers. He is regarded as a leader in core training and movement integration. According to the Sun's Ryan Wolstat, strength and conditioning coach Francesco Cuzzolin, who joined the Raptors in J... Raptors HQ
Bynum to stay close to basket again - Andrew Bynum (C) Los Angeles Lakers
Assistant Chuck Person confirmed that the Lakers will focus their defense on keeping Andrew Bynum close to the basket once again under new coach Mike Brown. Rotoworld
Kobe Bryant still might land in Turkey
Apparently Kobe Bryant’s asking price of $1 million a month hasn’t deterred the Turkish club Besiktas, who reportedly still is in talks with the Lakers star’s representatives about the possibility of him playing during the NBA lockout. “It is a fact that Kobe Bryant’s managers have contacted us,” coach Ergin Ataman said Thursday, a week [...]Kobe Bryant still might land in Turkey is a post from: Lakers blog Locker Talk | Orange County Register
The Triangle: Where Andrew Bynum's game needs growth
During his exit interview, Andrew Bynum spoke of a larger role in the Lakers offense. Over the last few seasons, he's noted a desire to make All-Star teams, and ascend into the league's elite. In the newest installment of The Triangle, we join with 710 ESPN's Dave Miller, asking how far along Bynum is in the process, and what he needs to do to make it happen. One thing to consider: How Mike Brown handles any conflict between Bynum's ambition and the established pecking order on the Lakers will be interesting, and perhaps his first big test as L.A.'s new head coach. It's one of a few issues-... Land O' Lakers | ESPN Los Angeles
Kobe now in talks with Deron's Turkey team
ANKARA, Turkey -- Turkish club Besiktas is in talks with Kobe Bryant's representatives about the possibility of the Los Angeles Lakers' star playing in Turkey during the NBA lockout. "It is a fact that Kobe Bryant's managers have contacted us," coach Ergin Ataman said Thursday, a week after... New York Post
Lakers’ hiring of Mike Brown gets better
The Lakers’ decision to hire Mike Brown as head coach took a turn for the better Thursday when the Detroit Pistons reportedly moved closer to hiring Lawrence Frank. Ugh. There are few things in the NBA right now less thrilling than being a Pistons fan. And remember, the entire league is currently shut down by [...]Lakers’ hiring of Mike Brown gets better is a post from: Lakers blog Locker Talk | Orange County Register
