 Top Of The List
 
Top Offensive Player:Bryant is still one of the biggest stars in the league. Last year he averaged 25.3 points a game on 45.1% shooting despite skipping practices most of the year while recovering from offseason knee surgery. He had a minor procedure this summer (non-invasive) that reportedly has him in excellent shape. The Lakers are going to need Kobe and is explosiveness to lead the team through an uncertain time.
Top Defensive Player:Formerly known as Ron Artest, Metta World Peace is still the team’s best perimeter defender. Peace admitted that he didn’t come to camp in shape and Coach Brown has said initially he intends to bring him off the bench. For the Lakers to climb back to the top in the West, they’ll need Bynum to continue his emergence as a defensive stopper. Andrew’s goal is to be a top-five rebounder and to play in all 61 games (the first five are out due to suspension – J.J. Barea hit in the NBA Finals). So while Peace in important, Bynum needs to be the team’s top defensive player.
Top Playmaker:This is by and large the biggest issue on the team as currently constructed. If Bryant is the team’s top scorer, can he also be the primary playmaker? Last year he averaged a team-high 4.7 assists per game but then he was getting a combined 6.6 assists nightly out of his big men (Pau Gasol and Odom). Now that Odom is gone along with the triangle offense, the Lakers are going to be even more dependent on very suspect core of point guards including Derek Fisher, Steve Blake and rookie Morris. If Morris can quickly establish himself as an NBA rotation player, that would be a boon but that’s a lot to ask of a second-round pick. Fisher is well past his prime and while he remains a clutch outside shooter, he has never been an especially strong playmaker. For now their best creator is Bryant but the Lakers could be in trouble in this, unless they fully embrace the team concept. Of course there’s a marginalized training camp and packed schedule limiting practice time, so that too may be very difficult to achieve.
Top Clutch Player:Two years ago Bryant hit game winner after game winner. Last year that just wasn’t the case and while the team was still very potent, that magic just wasn’t as prevalent. If Bryant’s knees are indeed in top form, the league may see a very dangerous Kobe.
The Unheralded Player:Last year’s second round pick Devin Ebanks didn’t get much of a chance under Coach Jackson, who rarely played rookies under normal circumstances. Ebanks didn’t show enough initiative to Jackson but with a new coach, and time well spent throughout the lockout improving his jump shot, Devin may become a vital rotation player. He has good height (6’9”) and is a capable defender. The Lakers are team in need of youth, spring and athleticism and Ebanks may step into that void
Best New Addition:McRoberts has yet to make his mark in the NBA but he’s an active, surprisingly athletic big man. While he’s not nearly as skilled/versatile as Odom, if Josh can make it his priority to bang the boards at a high rate and stay out of foul trouble, he may diminish the loss of Lamar. Morris also has potential to carve out a role is arguably the team’s truest point guard. Kapono can shoot and while he isn’t especially strong at any other aspect of the game, the Lakers have desperately needed a dead-eye for some time now.
- Eric Pincus
 
 Who We Like
1. Kobe Bryant – He’s older than he used to be but is anyone counting him out? If so, probably not a good idea . . .
2. Mitch Kupchak – Dealing with the fallout of the aborted Chris Paul trade, dumping Odom and eyeing the team’s next franchise player (yet to be determined, although Howard and even Deron Williams would certainly be on Kupchak’s radar), the Laker GM has shown a sharp eye and ability for on-the-fly rebuilds. Patience is the key word and Kupchak knows when to lie in the grass and when to strike. The difficult part may be adjusting to the new Collective Bargaining Agreement which is specifically designed to hamper the higher spending (luxury tax) teams.
3. Andrew Bynum – A career/healthy year and the need for a Dwight Howard may be radically diminished. Andrew had offseason surgery (knee) last summer and a late start to the summer s his recovery stretch on longer than initially expected. He’s come into camp in excellent shape and seems ready to take over as the team’s primary/best option in the low post. As long as those knees stay healthy . . .
4. Pau Gasol – Gasol was very unimpressive throughout the playoffs, so much so that he took the brunt of the criticism when the Lakers were swept by the Mavs. Whether it was fatigue after three straight trips to the NBA Finals, something personal, or just a bad moment for one of the league’s best power forwards in the league, the Lakers need Gasol to show that was nothing more than an aberration. The Lakers almost dealt Pau for Paul, which could weigh on Gasol emotionally but so far he’s been completely professional. Bynum will be looking to make his mark and if Coach Brown can successfully integrate the two, and they both stay healthy, the Lakers still may have the best starting bigs in the league.
5. Darius Morris – The Lakers had Morris as a first-round talent and were thrilled when he dropped to them in the second. Morris has true point guard skills. He has good size and while he needs to work on his outside shot, Darius has the potential to be an Andre Miller like player in this league. Of course that’s a leap to compare him to one of the most underrated points in the league. Morris has a lot to prove but the raw tools are there.
- Eric Pincus
 
 Strengths
The Lakers have three potentially dominant players in Bryant, Bynum and Gasol. Two are getting older, one is injury prone, but if Coach Brown can keep all three clicking and healthy . . . the Lakers may still be the best team in the West (a year removed from the title).
The compact season doesn’t necessarily help the situation but then again, the experience level (especially with Kobe and Pau) may put the Lakers at an advantage.
Things may feel unsettled but the Lakers may surprise many of the doubters.
- Eric Pincus
 
 Weaknesses
The starting point guard is 37 years old and Fisher was never that fast off his feet even as a rookie.
Steve Blake just didn’t fit last year. He never looked comfortable in his backup role of the bench. Perhaps that was the now-absent triangle offense. The Lakers would love to get a bounce-back season from Blake but they also can’t count on that either.
Morris has potential but is an untested rookie.
Naturally the team could have used Chris Paul (an obvious understatement) but with the strange vetoing of the trade by the league, the Lakers have nothing but question marks at the one.
Age and athleticism across the board may be an issue as well but it’s most exposed at the point.
- Eric Pincus
 
 The Coach’s Chair By Anthony Macri
I am not going to talk about who is in this room. Because the personnel we have don’t really matter. The reality is that the story of our season will be told on whether or not we return to the kind of defensive mastery this franchise was known for just a few years ago. It doesn’t matter if we run the Triangle or all ball screens or a flex offense: the reality is our identity has to come from our effort defensively. We have stoppers at multiple positions, and the game’s best defender at the two. It is completely unacceptable for us to not be one of the league’s best teams on that end of the floor. We should make it our mission to stop every team’s primary scoring option and hold teams to their worst efficiency from the floor. If we can do that, the offense will flow as a result. Let’s change up our mindset, focus, and approach, and challenge for a title again.
- Anthony Macri
 
 The Burning Question
Will Kupchak and the Lakers try to win with the current roster or sacrifice the here and now to make a swipe at their next franchise player?
Clearly the team is open to change, opting to save money and lock in Odom’s trade value in an exception. It’s important to note that Odom’s $8.9 million salary would lose value if he remained a Laker, got hurt, struggled to get over the failed trade and/or found a reduced role in Brown’s system.
Sometimes taking in nothing (plus youthful considerations) makes more sense for a team, especially when the trade exception can be cashed in at a later date.
One exception example would be Paul Millsap with the Utah Jazz, a team overloaded with forwards that need serious time like Derrick Favors, Enes Kanter (listed as a five but some believe he’ll eventually be an NBA four), and even Al Jefferson who plays either power position.
It’s reasonable to expect that at some time the Jazz will look to thin out a body and Millsap may be the odd man out. The Jazz would have had no need for a player like Odom but if the Lakers were able to come up with some sort of intriguing package built around the trade exception package (and some youthful existing or yet to be acquired assets), that’s something they might consider.
That’s only an illustration to point out that Odom’s value in trade may actually be higher as an exception than a player.
Gasol was nearly traded so the Lakers may need a power forward if they go down that path again.
In Orlando, Howard has a trade demand in place he’s yet to retract. While the Magic will keep him until they feel it’s a certainty they’ll lose him for nothing, the Lakers must be mindful of the possibilities.
As great as Bryant is, he won’t remain on top forever. Last season he was not the best player in the series against the New Orleans Hornets and Dallas Mavericks.
Attaining the next superstar can be extremely difficult but it’s something the Lakers have been tasked with.
For now, the team will focus on the 2011/12 campaign as the Lakers look to reestablish themselves as a contender, despite being having taken a step backwards . . . at least on paper.
- Eric Pincus
How do you see the Lakers this season, leave your comments below…
<Next Article
