Memphis Grizzlies , Michael Heisley , Robert Pera  
He's rich. He's just not super-rich, in a Forbes 400 sense, meaning a place on the magazine's list of the 400 richest Americans, among them Heisley (net worth: $1.5 billion). And that may matter. Pera, with a Forbes-estimated net worth of $850 million, can buy the franchise, experts say, but it's another thing to nurture it. His wealth still hinges on the value of Ubiquiti shares of stock. And the price of that stock has reeled. Ubiquiti, which employs about 100 people, relies on wholesalers in unstable parts of the world outside America for a large chunk of its sales. Unproven allegations of unsavory business ties in Brazil, China and Iran have pounded the price of Ubiquiti shares traded this spring. Pera is not about to move back into the cramped quarters on First Street. But if he buys the Grizzlies, and Ubiquiti's stock gyrations continue, it's unclear how that would affect his ability to fund the team's operations. Memphis Commercial Appeal
Memphis Grizzlies , Robert Pera  
So who is that person? He's a bit of a mystery.For three days last week in San Jose, The Commercial Appeal sought out more than a dozen people believed to know Pera. Most declined repeated requests for interviews. Pera didn't respond to an e-mail or a message left with an employee in Ubiquiti's sleek lobby, which has glass-walled conference rooms on each side of the entry but no receptionist. A source close to Pera said he is abiding by NBA requests not to comment publicly during the league's evaluation of his purchase. He has, however, reached out to the local minority ownership group. As for his personal life, the source said he values his privacy. What's known from public records and press reports is that Pera grew up in San Carlos, Calif., one of the many smaller cities on the peninsula between San Francisco and San Jose. His father was a business consultant who now is the CEO of a food distribution company in nearby Hayward. His mother is a career networking consultant. Memphis Commercial Appeal
