Brian Shaw's parents and sister died tragically in a horrible car accident.
L.A. assistant Brian Shaw pushes regrets aside
George Diaz
LOS ANGELES — It's been nine years now, but Brian Shaw still remembers the moment.
He looked around the locker room where the Los Angeles Lakers were celebrating another NBA title. He saw his teammates, eyes glistening from a mix of tears and champagne, hugging moms and dads. His buddy, Shaq. Robert Horry. Derek Fisher. Rick Fox.
"Why not me?" Shaw thought to himself.
Life teaches you to brace for the unexpected. But there isn't a Hallmark card in the world that can erase the shot to the heart that Brian Shaw felt in the summer of 1993.
A car flipped on Interstate 15 south of Las Vegas. Shaw's life went tumbling, too. His dad, Charles Perry Shaw, 52, and mom Barbara Everette Shaw, 51, died in the accident. His sister, Monica Elaine Shaw, 24, gone, too.
Back in the locker room in the summer of 2000, Shaw conjured up the ghosts. Friendly, loving ones. His parents supported him through every step of his playing career. They followed him to Italy, where he played for Il Messaggero Roma in 1989. They joined the ride to Boston after he signed a 5-year deal with the Celtics in 1990. And then, fate snatched them away.
"I was like, 'My parents deserve to be here, too,'" Shaw said. "For a moment it was bittersweet."
There's been much to celebrate, so much Charles, Barbara and Monica have missed. Shaw was part of the three-peat Lakers teams that won NBA titles in 2000, 2001 and 2002. An assistant with the Lakers since the 2004-2005 season, Shaw is chasing another title in the Finals matchup against the Orlando Magic. His role in this series is critical: He's the advance scout for the Lakers, breaking down the nuances of the Magic, both offensively and defensively.
Some Magic fans see Shaw as the enemy. But there are many people — some within the organization — who, in his parents' absence, will embrace Shaw and all the success that's come his way.
Shaw played in Orlando as a backup guard and occasional starter from 1994-97. He was part of the last Magic team that went to the Finals in 1995. He bought a home in Windermere during his run here. Bought a boat through connections with Magic owner Rich DeVos. Recently traded it in for another one, using the same connections, to help satisfy his pangs to go fresh-water fishing.
If the Lakers win, it will not be all about Kobe and the craziness of that scowl. It will be because Shaw has helped devise defensive schemes that have taken center Dwight Howard away from his comfort zone. Without the ability to square up to the basket for short jumpers, Howard was frustrated in Game 1 by a blitz of double-teams. Pau Gasol, fronting him, Andrew Bynum leaning on Howard from behind. Unable to bully his way past them, and nowhere to go, Howard — Mr. Black Magic, as he calls himself — disappeared. He made only 1 of 6 shots.
Now 43, Shaw has been fortunate for the chance to watch and learn among the best minds in the game. Red Auerbach in Boston. Phil Jackson and Jerry West in Los Angeles. A bunch of his former Celtics teammates are running teams now. Larry Bird with the Indiana Pacers. Kevin McHale with the Minnesota Timberwolves. Danny Ainge with the Celtics.
Shaw continues to draw satisfaction from his career, but understands the journey is not complete. He aspires to become a head coach, maybe a general manager. He thinks of his parents again.
"They wouldn't want me to be satisfied with staying content," he said. "They would want me to continue to aspire to get to the highest level that I could possibly get to ... I love the game of basketball and I'm enjoying this because it keeps me connected to the game. There's nothing else in the world that I can imagine that I can get up and go do every day that gives me the pleasure of doing this."
There are other pleasures in life. His wife Nikki, and two children. There's a third child in the mix.
Brianna Monet Jones will turn 17 in July. She's a sophomore in high school.
She is Monica's daughter.
The lone survivor of the crash.
Shaw, with the help of an aunt, raised her after the accident.
She was a year old at the time.
Heartbreak and happiness, connected forever.
There is little time for regrets.
