Alma Mater: Michigan (B.S., 2001)
 
Charged with building Roosevelt University's first-ever women's basketball team, Robyn Scherr-Wells, who was hired on September 1, 2009, has quickly proven she is the right person for job.
 
Scherr-Wells spent her first year recruiting and laying the foundation for a high octane squad that finally took the floor for the first time on November 2, 2010. It proved to be an impressive debut for the Lakers and Scherr-Wells as she guided the team to a decisive 69-54 victory over Trinity Christian College.
Roosevelt would go on to post 13 victories in its inaugural season and receive numerous postseason accolades. Casey Davis was named the Chicagoland Collegiate Athletic Conference Freshman of the Year after ending the season as the league's top rookie scorer. Junior Peggie Parhas earned All-CCAC First Team honors while Davis joined freshman Kiara Towles, the league's top rookie rebounder, on the All-CCAC Second Team.
 
Scherr-Wells was already a part of the Roosevelt family when she was hired as head coach. The former assistant women's basketball coach at Portland State and administrative assistant at Michigan, Scherr-Wells was plucked from the Admissions Office where she was serving as an admissions counselor.
 
A native of Glen Ellyn, Ill., and a 2001 graduate from the University of Michigan, Scherr-Wells has always had a passion for the game of basketball. She played on the No. 2 team in the nation in 1995 as a member of the AAU Illinois Hustle and went on to Michigan where she joined the women's basketball team. With the Wolverines, Scherr-Wells started as a manager/practice player as a freshman and eventually earned an athletic scholarship her sophomore season for her role in that capacity for the squad.
 
Following graduation, Scherr-Wells played for Athletes in Action during their tour of Spain in 2001 before heading to the University of Arizona where she served for three years on the campus ministry staff for Athletes in Action, working closely with the student-athletes and coaches. In 2005, she returned to the University of Michigan to be the administrative assistant for the women's basketball team, serving in various capacities with the team under the mentorship of Missouri Sports Hall of Fame Coach Cheryl Burnett.
 
After one year in Ann Arbor, Mich., Scherr-Wells headed to the northwest, becoming the assistant women's basketball coach at Portland State. With the Vikings during the 2006-07 season, she coached the perimeter players and helped develop rookie Claire Faucher into the Big Sky Conference Most Outstanding Freshman. Scherr-Wells also served as the academic coordinator for the team, handled all team travel, scouted opponents and coordinated the film exchange program among other duties.
Scherr-Wells left Portland State following that season to take on the role of Senior Admissions Counselor at Northern Arizona University, where she stayed for one year before returning home and joining the Roosevelt staff.
 
Scherr-Wells is married to Ryan Wells and resides in Glen Ellyn, Ill.
 
Marty Scherr
Assistant Coach- 2nd Season
Marty Scherr is in his first season with the Roosevelt women's basketball team, aiding the squad as a volunteer assistant coach.
Scherr brings a wealth of experience to the sidelines for the Lakers having coached women's basketball for over 20 years at all levels, including most recently as the sophomore girls basketball coach at York High School in 2009-10. He also is familiar with coaching in the Chicagoland Collegiate Athletic Conference having spent two seasons (2003-05) on the sidelines as an assistant coach at St. Francis University in Joliet, Ill.
Scherr also spent almost 10 years coaching at the AAU level. He started the first girls travel team in Glen Ellyn, Ill., in 1991, serving as the director and head coach of the Purple Devils Basketball Club. He then moved on in 1994 to take on an assistant coaching role with the Illinois Hustle, where in two years he helped the squad to back-to-back top 10 finishes at the AAU National Tournament. During the 1998-99 season he took over head coaching duties for the Silver Stars AAU program, leading the team to the ‘Sweet 16' at the AAU National Tournament.
Scherr received both his Bachelor of Arts (1970) and Master of Arts (1975) degrees from the Western Michigan University where he was a member of the baseball team.
 
