Pin It
Not that it comes as much of a surprise but it appears the Lakers will have an entirely new coaching staff from top to bottom next season. Jim Buss insists that he’s not trying to distance himself from Phil Jackson. Instead Buss is happy to let Mike Brown take the fall.
Before Brown was even introduced as PJ’s replacement Jim Cleamons was reported to be on his way to Puerto Rico to coach the island nation’s national team. Now Chuck Person is said to be on his way to Houston for an interview with the Rockets after taking a couple meetings with Coach Brown. Recently Bill Plaschke pretty much laid out the organization for its mistreatment of Brian Shaw. Oh and Brown has already brought in his first staffer .
All in all it pretty much looks like the Lake Show will be starting from scratch from a coaching standpoint. So much for any continuity to help bridge the transition from PJ to Coach Brown.
The next question is just how far reaching are these sweeping changes? Can we expect to see the same for the roster? If Jim Buss has his way you get the feeling he’d instruct GM Mitch to blow up the entire franchise.
I’m already on the record as being opposed to the hiring of Coach Brown. Whatever. Just my opinion. However this approach is clearly a major mistake. Bringing in an entirely new staff is a horrendous way to go about this whole process.
This team might have fallen well short of expectations but by no means does that indicate all championship aspirations are over and done with. But by bringing in a new staff from top to bottom is pretty much says just how the front office feels about their chances.
A new staff will have to feel their way out around the locker room. Without anyone in place that knows how things work in Laker Land you’re also asking the players to begin anew. Not the most ideal way to build on those two titles recently added to the Buss collection.
The hope is that Brown will be able to convince Buss that he needs somebody on his bench that knows the ropes.  While I appreciate Brown’s desire to leave his stamp on the Lakers even he can’t be so naïve as to think he can go about this like he’s back in Cleveland. Brown could barely handle one superstar so how is he going to deal with all the personalities in Los Angeles? Going at it with unfamiliar faces would be a major miscalculation.
