Recent News
Pau Gasol refuted a report that stated he wants to play for the Bulls.
Sam Smith cited "Lakers' insiders" for his report, but Smith was simply connecting a series of dots that have been scattered across the map. "My position is still the same," Gasol said. "I don't know where that came from," he added. "It sucks to be in that position, but it is what it is." Gasol is very much a trade candidate during the offseason, but his connection to the Windy City was born out of speculation. May 30 - 9:00 AM
Source: Los Angeles Times
Paul Gasol would like to play for the Bulls, according to NBA.com's Sam Smith.
Gasol's name is going to pop up in plenty of trade rumors this summer even though he's 32 and coming off another disappointing playoff performance. Smith floats the idea of a deal centered around Pau and Luol Deng, but there's no legs here yet. We've also heard whispers of a possible Andre Iguodala for Gasol blockbuster. May 28 - 4:12 PM
Source: NBA.com
Pau Gasol acknowledged that he faces an uncertain future with the Lakers.
"I wish I could have clarification, but they can't give it to me right now," he said. After a season where Gasol was subject to constant trade rumors, expect more of the same in the offseason. With over $38 million owed to him for the next two seasons, the Lakers will look into using him as a trade chip to acquire improved depth on the roster. May 24 - 9:35 AM
Source: ESPN LA
Timberwolves beat writer Jerry Zgoda "bets" that Minnesota will talk to the Lakers about Pau Gasol in the offseason.
David Kahn has tried to acquire Gasol a couple of different times from the Lakers, and he'll likely try to spark up a conversation with Mitch Kupchak once again in the offseason. The Timberwolves could offer Derrick Williams as the center of any package considering how sorely the Lakers need youth and athleticism, but it won't be just the Timberwolves making a play. We expect the Rockets to also express interest once again, and it wouldn't be surprising whatsoever to see Gasol playing in a different uniform next year. May 22 - 10:02 AM
