
Inside the Lakers
Mitch Kupchak talks about meeting Kobe Bryant and the says the Lakers could be contenders without a big deal
By Elliott Teaford on June 28, 2012 10:17 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak spoke Thursday for the first time about his delayed exit meeting with superstar guard Kobe Bryant, who decided against talking about the 2011-12 season immediately after the Lakers' playoff ouster in May.
Kupchak and Bryant met for breakfast earlier this month.
"It was very relaxed and there was no agenda," Kupchak said. "It was really just to sit down and re-acquaint and talk a little basketball. What are you doing this summer? How do you feel? ... What are your feelings going forward? It was all very positive."
Kupchak declined to go into specifics, however.
"He's been around a long time," Kupchak said of Bryant. "There aren't too many postseason interviews that he hasn't dealt with. It's been the agony of going out in the first round and then the joy of winning a seven-game series (in 2010 over Boston).
"So he's kind of used to the ups-and-downs of exit interviews."
Asked if there was a plan in place for life without Bryant, who turns 34 on Aug. 23 and has only two more seasons remaining on his contract, Kupchak said simply, "I don't know how you plan for it. We don't look forward to the day he's not around."
Kupchak repeated his belief that the window for further titles with Bryant as the Lakers' leader had not closed. Kupchak said the core group of Bryant and 7-footers Pau Gasol and Andrew Bynum could contend next season without major changes. Trades could be impossible to pull off this summer, if the run-up to the draft is any indication.
"I think if this group is kept intact, and we've got some work to do with existing free agents, I don't see why we can't be in the hunt next year," Kupchak said. "All you want in this league is a chance to be in the hunt. If you're one of five or six teams at the end of the year that have that feeling, that, 'Yeah, we can do this. We're playing our best basketball.' That's all you can hope for."
Despite failing to made a deal in order to move into the first round in the draft, Kupchak said he would continue to pursue trades during the offseason, adding, "We'll try to hit a home run. The draft is the beginning of the offseason. You continue to pursue trade possibilities and then (Saturday), you pursue trades and free agency."
Jim Buss said last week the Lakers wouldn't make a major trade, but have their plans changed?
By Elliott Teaford on June 27, 2012  2:37 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
There were plenty of doubters when Lakers executive Jim Buss said last week the team probably wouldn't make a major move during the offseason and that Kobe Bryant, Andrew Bynum and Pau Gasol would most likely start the 2012-13 season together.
Then came word Wednesday via an ESPN.com report that the Lakers are shopping Gasol around to gauge interest in the 7-footer around the league. The Atlanta Hawks were said to be interested in giving up Josh Smith and a first-round draft pick for Gasol.
It could make for an interesting draft day on Thursday.
Point guard Mo Williams to the Lakers?
By Elliott Teaford on June 27, 2012 11:06 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
The Lakers need a point guard now that Ramon Sessions has decided to opt out of his contract next season. Mo Williams would like to be a starter again after playing behind Chris Paul with the Clippers last season. Lamar Odom would like to play with anyone other than the Dallas Mavericks, and the feeling apparently is mutual.
So, as ESPN.com reported Tuesday, could a three-team deal work for the Lakers, Clippers and Mavericks? The Lakers could swap the $8.5-million trade exception they got from the Mavericks in exchange for Odom last December to get Williams from the Clippers. The Mavericks could deal Odom to the Clippers and be done with him.
Williams certainly could give the Lakers some offensive explosiveness, and management could return its focus to upgrading the bench for next season. The Lakers thought they had the point guard spot locked up for next season and beyond, but then Sessions decided to test free agency and they went back to square one.
Williams reportedly plans to exercise his $8.5-million option for next season to remain with the Clippers despite a logjam at the point guard spot. In addition to Paul, the Clippers also have promising youngster Eric Bledsoe and veteran Chauncey Billups.
Stay tuned. It could be an interesting next few days for the Lakers and Clippers.
Lakers' odds to win 2013 NBA title are 10-to-1
By Elliott Teaford on June 22, 2012 12:00 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
The Miami Heat are 11-to-4 favorites to repeat as NBA champions, according to the odds posted Friday at the Bovada Sportsbook in Las Vegas. The Lakers are 10-1 to win, trailing the Heat, the Oklahoma City Thunder (5-1) and the Chicago Bulls (6-1). The San Antonio Spurs also are 10-1. The Clippers are 18-1, for what that's worth. The Boston Celtics are 25-1. The Charlotte Bobcats and the Detroit Pistons are tied for last at 200-1.
Top seller: Kobe Bryant's jersey is No. 1 internationally
By Elliott Teaford on June 21, 2012 12:17 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Kobe Bryant's No. 24 Lakers jersey was the top seller outside of the United States during the 2011-12 season, the NBA announced early Thursday morning. Bryant's jersey was the No. 1 seller internationally overall and also in Europe, in China and in Latin America.
Derrick Rose of the Chicago Bulls was second in sales at Adidas stores outside the U.S. behind Bryant, with LeBron James of the Miami Heat third. Kevin Garnett of the Boston Celtics was fourth and Dwight Howard of the Orlando Magic was fifth.
Pau Gasol of the Lakers was 11th internationally, tops among foreign-born NBA players.
By Elliott Teaford on June 19, 2012  4:48 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Tomorrow's story tonight ...
Ramon Sessions has decided against exercising his option for next season with the Lakers and will become an unrestricted free agent July 1, which wasn't a surprise since he can secure a bigger and better deal than the $4.55 million he'd get for 2012-13.
A longer and more lucrative deal could come from the Lakers. But any degree of certainty that Sessions will be their starting point guard next season ended with an email announcement from his agent, Jared Karnes, early Tuesday morning.
Karnes wrote in the email: "Ramon has carefully considered this decision. He had to make a career decision and ultimately decided to do what was best in providing stability and longevity for him in the NBA, and this could only be achieved through a multi-year contract."
Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak, in a conference call later in the day, said, "I don't know if disappointed is the right word. I would have preferred he would have extended (his contract) one year because he's a young player who's going to get better."
Kupchak also said, "I'm not quite sure if he's completely aware of what the future holds for him beginning on July 1st. Beginning today, we have to plan for the contingency that he won't be available as a free agent on a later date in July.
"And we have to make sure we have backup plans in place."
The Lakers acquired Sessions from the Cleveland Cavaliers and dealt veteran Derek Fisher, 37, to the Houston Rockets in a pair of deadline-day trades March 15, creating a starting position for a 26-year-old who had never played in the playoffs.
Stricter luxury taxes that go into effect for the 2014-15 season make it less likely the Lakers will pay top dollar for Sessions in a multi-season contract. The Lakers saved money by trading Fisher to the Rockets and Luke Walton to the Cavaliers, however.
Sessions averaged 12.7 points and 6.2 assists in 23 games after the trade from Cleveland. However, his averages dipped to 9.7 points and 3.6 assists during the playoffs, when he seemed overwhelmed at times in his first postseason games.
Was there enough time to gauge Sessions' value beyond next season?
"I think he would admit he wasn't familiar with the playoff intensity," Kupchak said. "I think he would indicate if he would attend training camp and play a full 82-game schedule, he would play better (in the playoffs next spring)."
Kupchak called Sessions, "an incredible athlete." Kupchak also praised Sessions' intelligence and his positive influence in the locker room, but he also acknowledged his shortcomings during the team's second-round playoff ouster.
"I thought as we approached the playoffs, and particularly in the second round, he wasn't as comfortable," Kupchak said. "The playoffs are a completely different experience. ... I think he would admit he didn't play his best.
"And I'm not trying to single him out."
In other news, Lakers coach Mike Brown acknowledged the departure of coaching consultant Ettore Messina by calling him "truly one of the great basketball minds in the history of the sport." Messina will coach CSKA Moscow.
Lakers' summer league schedule
By Elliott Teaford on June 14, 2012  1:43 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Can't wait for next season to start? Get a jump on things next month in Las Vegas. Here's the Lakers' summer league schedule:
July 13: vs. Golden State, 5 p.m., Cox Pavilion.
July 14: vs. Sacramento, 5 p.m., Cox Pavilion.
July 16: vs. Miami, 5:30 p.m., Thomas & Mack Center.
July 17: vs. San Antonio, 3:30 p.m., Thomas & Mack Center.
July 19: vs. Clippers, 5:30 p.m., Thomas & Mack Center.
Tickets are $25 for each day and are available at the UNLV box office.
By Elliott Teaford on June  4, 2012  5:45 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Tomorrow's story tonight ...
As expected, the Lakers announced Monday they would pick up their option on All-Star center Andrew Bynum's contract for next season. Bynum will make $16,473,002 in 2012-13, his eighth season in the NBA.
General manager Mitch Kupchak said days after the Lakers' ouster from the playoffs last month that he intended to exercise the team's option on Bynum. He would not address questions about a long-term extension for the 7-footer, however.
Bynum set career bests by averaging 18.7 points and 11.8 rebounds in 60 injury-free games during the lockout-shortened 2011-12 season. He also was selected to start for the Western Conference in the All-Star Game for the first time in his career.
His season was not without incident, however.
Bynum was benched for most of the second half of a March 27 game against the Golden State Warriors after taking an ill-advised 3-point shot. He also was fined after blowing off a meeting with Kupchak several days later to discuss his immature attitude.
The Lakers' commitment to him remains strong, however.
"I think he can be a cornerstone to our organization," Lakers coach Mike Brown said of Bynum at the team's exit interviews last month. "But you have to remember that Andrew is still learning what he's (eventually) going to be."
When asked what he must do to take the next step in his career, Bynum said last month, "Have a presence, an aura that demands my teammates' respect if I'm going to have that superstar-type career."
In other news, The Lakers announced they signed radio announcers John Ireland and Mychal Thompson to multi-year contract extensions. Ireland just completed his first season as play-by-play announcer and Thompson his ninth as color analyst. ... The Charlotte Bobcats interviewed Lakers assistant Quin Snyder for their vacant head-coaching position, The Associated Press reported. Snyder completed his first season on Brown's staff in 2011-12.
Lakers sign radio announcers Ireland and Thompson to contract extensions
By Elliott Teaford on June  4, 2012  4:44 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
The Lakers announced Monday they signed radio play-by-play announcer John Ireland and color analyst Mychal Thompson to multi-year contract extensions. Ireland just completed his first season at the mic after serving as a TV sideline reporter for many seasons. Thompson, who played on the Lakers' NBA championship teams in 1987 and '88,  will begin his 10th season as a radio analyst in 2012-13.
By Elliott Teaford on June  4, 2012  8:25 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Today's report card ...
Ron Artest changed his name to Metta World Peace, but didn't start playing like his former self until shedding weight and solving a back ailment late in the season. He became a useful player again. However, he didn't do himself any favors by getting suspended for seven games for crashing an elbow into James Harden's head. He averaged a career-low 7.7 points overall, but increased it to 14.1 in 13 games in April, the season's final month.
Grade: C
By Elliott Teaford on June  3, 2012  9:01 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Today's report card ...
Ramon Sessions gave the Lakers the speed and athleticism they lacked before acquiring him March 15 from Cleveland. It'll be interesting to see how much more he can give them after participating in a training camp and learning more about his teammates. His first playoff experience wasn't what the Lakers hoped for when they acquired him. He seemed tentative until the fourth and fifth games of their second-round loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder, and wasn't finishing games. Backup Steve Blake was the finisher.
Grade: Incomplete
By Elliott Teaford on June  2, 2012  9:03 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Today's report card ...
Pau Gasol shifted from the Lakers' second offensive option to their third as center Andrew Bynum's role grew and his diminished noticeably under new coach Mike Brown. Gasol's average dipped to 17.4 points from 18.8 in 2010-11. He became more of a passer than a shooter. It was a difficult transition, one made all the tougher by near-constant rumors he would be traded after the Lakers tried and failed to deal him in December. Conventional wisdom suggests he will be traded this summer as the Lakers try to overhaul their roster.
Grade: B
By Elliott Teaford on June  1, 2012  8:38 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Today's report card ...
Andrew Bynum made the All-Star team for the first time and set career bests by averaging 18.7 points and 11.8 rebounds. Best of all for the Lakers, he avoided any significant knee injuries. However, he also acted out at times, getting benched for taking an ill-advised 3-point shot and fined for blowing off a meeting with GM Mitch Kupchak. The Lakers have backed Bynum, 24, despite his many head-scratching moments. Maybe it's because they believe anybody who can grab 30 rebounds in a single game, as he did during a victory over the San Antonio Spurs, is worth keeping around for the long haul.
Grade: A
Lakers promote Glenn Carraro to assistant general manager
By Elliott Teaford on May 31, 2012  5:11 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
After leaving the position vacant for the 2011-12 season, the Lakers promoted Glenn Carraro to assistant general manager, the team announced Thursday afternoon. Carraro served as the Lakers' director of basketball administration and also as general manager of their developmental league team, the D-Fenders.
Carraro, who has been in the Lakers' front office since 2000, replaces Ronnie Lester, whose contract was not renewed last summer. Carraro was the D-Fenders' assistant general manager from 2006-10. In his first season as GM, they won a D-League leading 38 of 50 games.
"Glenn has done an excellent job in every position he has had in the organization and he's become a valuable part of our staff," Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak said. "This is a well-deserved promotion for him and I expect he'll do an excellent job in his new position."
By Elliott Teaford on May 31, 2012  9:15 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Today's report card ...
Kobe Bryant continued to fight the good fight against his advancing age and a group of younger players eager to knock him from his lofty perch as one of the game's greats. He finished second in the scoring race at the age of 33. He regained some of his explosiveness after undergoing a knee procedure last summer in Germany. He couldn't get the Lakers past the second round of the playoffs for the second seasons in a row, however. He hasn't spoken publicly since their ouster by the Oklahoma City Thunder in five games, declining an exit interview in favor of a private lunch with Mitch Kupchak instead.
Grade: A
By Elliott Teaford on May 30, 2012  9:44 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Today's report card ...
Mike Brown faced an impossible task in his first season as Hall of Famer Phil Jackson's replacement. He didn't get a full training camp because of the lockout and didn't get enough practice time to install his game plan either. He didn't get Chris Paul after the NBA vetoed a multi-team trade and he also didn't have Lamar Odom. So, he gets a free pass this season. it won't be the case next season. The pressure will be on him to produce.
Grade: Incomplete
By Elliott Teaford on May 29, 2012  9:36 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Today's report card ...
Mitch Kupchak did the right thing by trying to acquire point guard Chris Paul from New Orleans, no question. It wasn't his fault NBA commissioner David Stern nixed the deal. It wasn't Kupchak's fault Lamar Odom demanded a trade after his name surfaced in the Paul deal. Odom turned out to be poison for the Dallas Mavericks and his NBA future is up in the air. Kupchak made a smart move to jettison Derek Fisher in favor of Ramon Sessions at the deadline, dumping Luke Walton's bloated contract in the process.
Grade: A
By Elliott Teaford on May 24, 2012  2:39 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Here are excerpts of Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak's exit interview with reporters Wednesday:
Question: How did the failed Chris Paul trade set the tone for the season?
Answer: "I'm not going to look at what could have been and make blame as to why we got beat in Game 5 in the second round. Certainly, that period of time resulted in one of our players (Lamar Odom) being moved, the Sixth Man of the Year. Another of our players (Pau Gasol), understandably so, had to deal with the uncertainty up until the trade deadline. It was not the way you wanted to open the season. It was tough enough as it was for any NBA team to put together a season. Every team had to deal with something. That certainly is not a reason why we got beat (Monday night)."
Q: What kind of changes do you see with the roster?
A: "There will be some change. We've got a group of players who are free agents. Ramon (Sessions) has an option in his contract. He can extend it or he can opt out. I have no idea what he's going to do. So that could be an additional free agent. There will be quite a bit of activity July 1, looking at who we can bring back and the marketplace."
Q: What did you tell Pau Gasol?
A: "I wouldn't share with you want I told him exactly. I don't expect he'll ever be the same based on what took place this year. I thought, personally, he did the best anybody could do being professional, saying the right things, being a good teammate, having a really good season. He's the consummate teammate, and the consummate professional. What took place, is hard for a player to deal with. I'm sure there's some trust that's not quite the same. He understands and our exit meeting with him was very good. I think he and I are on the same page. I have not met with ownership. I'm not sure what direction the team is going to go. So there really wasn't anything additional to share with Pau or with you people with what take place between now and the draft or July 1 or post July 1."
Q: Have you thought what this team might have been like if you had given the Lamar Odom situation more time to work itself out without trading him?
A: "No, I haven't. Based on the way it played out I'm not sure it would have been any better with us than with the team he went to. I don't have anything else to go by. Certainly, if the events of that month didn't take place and there were no trade rumors, maybe it would have been different. He had a great year the year before. I don't know that. I thought, quite frankly, he would be in Dallas and have a great year, and I thought he might come back to haunt us."
Q: Can you clarify what issue you meant when talking about Gasol?
AL "The trust issue. That's all. When there are pretty intense trade rumors, it's shocking to a player. I know how I felt. So, that's all. It didn't impact his play this year. It will not impact him going forward."
Q: How would you grade management's performance this season?
A: "We get graded on the success of the team. That's how it is in this franchise. I know a lot of franchises are happy to get to the first round or advance beyond the first round. We certainly did no worse than we did a year ago. But we're disappointed. That's not how we grade ourselves, getting to the second round. We thought going into the season and even up to a week ago that we were one of three or four or five teams that could contend for a championship. It's really hard to get into a position in this league, with 30 owners who are very competitive in different market sizes, different rules, contracts that are already in place that now have to operate under different rules, it's really hard to get into apposition where you really feel going into training camp, hey, we have a shot at it. And we felt we did. To watch the semifinals, it's a disappointing feeling."
Q: Is there are difference in how you deal with ownership now?
A: "The last two or three years? No, there's been no difference. Five, six, seven years ago, I dealt more directly with Dr. (Jerry) Buss. Maybe even a little longer than that. Over the last five or six years, the three of us (Kupchak, Dr. Buss and Jim Buss) have been working very closely together. My relationship with ownership right now really isn't any different than the last two or three years. It hasn't changed this year versus two or three or even four years ago. But when I took the job in 2000 to maybe 2007, it was a little different. but not in the last two or three years."
Q: How much more difficult will it be to operate under the new collective-bargain agreement as you attempt to improve the team?
A: "There are quite a few restrictions. The rules are different. Penalties are more punitive. Options or assets or avenues to improve the team with the exceptions with the last CBA (including mid-level and veterans exceptions) are not the same as they are today with teams that are beyond the (salary) cap. I don't see us being below the cap any time soon. So, the only way to improve our team last 10 years is through exceptions and via trade. The exception route is severely limited right now.
Q: With more punitive luxury tax system (starting in two years) make it harder?
A: "Absolutely. I can't see us avoiding the tax. Dr. Buss, under the current circumstances, has always willing to pay the tax. But if you just look at the levels of the tax in a year from now, you can see the tax being paid a year or two ago or even this year is dramatically different two years from now. It'll have  to be a consideration, and I know every club in the league is aware of it as well."
Q: Do you see this team being more aggressive in making changes via trades?
A: "Why not? Sure. When you lose. ... We went through it last year, and we didn't do anything last year other than at the trade deadline. When you lose, before you think you should have lost, you have to open up all opportunities."
Q:What about Andrew Bynum's future with the team?
A: "The only thing out there right now is that he's eligible for his present contract to be extended. Yes, we intend to do that. We have until mid-June or late-June to do that, and that's Step 1. Anything beyond that we'll discuss internally and proceed if that's the course we're going to take."
Q: Kobe Bryant praised your after the Lakers lost to Oklahoma City for your ability to remake the team's roster, how has your relationship evolved?
A: "I look at that as pressure. I'm not sure that's a good thing. Kobe and I have a great working relationship. We've been together now since he came here as a 17-year-old young kid playing video games. Now it seems like he's been here forever. Our relationship doesn't transcend what you would expect people who have been working together for that many years. It's not like we're dinner partners. I just make it a point to try not to get too close to anybody because it's a business. I want to keep it professional. I try to be straightforward and honest with the players as best I can. Sometimes it means saying nothing rather than saying something that might not be true. So, it's comforting to hear he has that kind of confidence. I think what he's also saying at the same time is that he has the same confidence. I think that he's saying is, 'I believe in the organization,' which includes Dr. Buss and Jim Buss."
Q: Any specific needs this team must have?
A: "We have to see what plays out with this whole free agent thing. I haven't sat down with ownership to know what their thoughts are. I think we did address our primary need with the in-season to get a ballhandling guard who's young and we think has a bright future (Sessions). But he has the ability to opt out and we don't know where that's going to lead us. Our frontcourt is a good front court. Off the bench, our third player would be Josh McRoberts, so you always have to add another player or two to our frontcourt. Two of our small forwards are free agents (Matt Barnes and Devin Ebanks), so we have to add a player at that slot as well. So, barring a dramatic change to our roster, I think those are the areas we need to address."
Q: Do you have a better sense of the kind of players Mike Brown needs to win?
A: "I think we all have a better feel. But I'm not sure going into the season with the shortened training camp and two preseason games that he had all the information he needed about our players going into the season. If you have four weeks and then you have two or three weeks before the start in terms of pre-preseason ... there's a real good period for coaches to get to know players and vice versa. None of that existed. One day no basketball, the next day open gym and the day after that training camp started. I think even our coaches know more about our team than they thought prior to the start of the season."
Q: What are your thoughts about being here going forward? Your name has been linked to several general manager openings. Are you confident you'll be here?
A: "I am. If I weren't here, Dr. Buss would get probably 50 phone calls from present and former general managers that would love to have this job. And that's because it's the best job in the league."
Q: What are your thoughts on Mike Brown's first season as coach?
A: "I thought he did a fine job considering everything that took place this year. Certainly, going into the season, he could not expect a lockout. He did not expect Lamar Odom to be traded. Clearly, he thought he could look down at the end of the bench and the Sixth Man of the Year would be coming into the game to play. So, those things were beyond his control. There was limited practice, limited training camp, limited preseason games, two midseason trades, losing a veteran like Derek Fisher. Under those conditions, I think he did a fine job."
Mike Brown on his first season as Lakers coach: I feel like I could have done better
By Elliott Teaford on May 23, 2012  4:18 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Here's what Mike Brown had to say when asked to grade his performance in his first season as Phil Jackson's replacement as the Lakers' coach:
"I feel like I could have done a lot better. The toughest part is, and I'm not using this as an excuse because everybody had the same time (but) it was tough because you didn't have time to practice the way you normally would. I know there were a lot of thigns I felt rushed on. To give myself a true evaluation would be hard. I had a great staff. They helped out a lot. They did well. Could we have done better? Yeah, we could have done better."
Pau Gasol doesn't get any clarification on his status with the Lakers
By Elliott Teaford on May 23, 2012  2:48 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) |
Pau Gasol said his exit interview Wednesday with Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak and Mike Brown was very positive and encouraging, but didn't include any thoughts on whether he will remain in purple-and-gold after they tried to trade him last December. He said the trade rumors last season were disconcerting, but he still wants to be here and to chase a third NBA championship.
Here's more from Gasol: "I wish I could have clarification right now, they can't give it to me. They had to talk to management. We didn't talk too much about the future. We talked about this year. We talked about how things went. It was really positive.
"It's kind of early. If they knew it would be good to know. But I understand we just finished playing two days ago. Things don't work that easily. At some point, I won't worry too much about it. It's something I've been through already this year.
"If something does happen, it does. If it doesn't, I'll be happy to be back next training camp ready to go and have a more peaceful year and focus on our goal to win a championship."
Answering questions in English and Spanish, he also said of his talk with Kupchak and Brown:
"It was a nice conversation. I told them it was hard for me at times. I've never had to search for offense on the teams I've been on. They've always been given to me. To have to search for them, I have struggled at times with that. But, obviously, we have certain players who are also very good contributors. You have to make sure you combine all those weapons and make sure they work at their best."
About Inside
the Lakers
Elliott Teaford and other Daily News and Los Angeles Newspaper Group staff writers keep tabs on the Los Angeles Lakers from the backcourt to the front office and beyond.
Recent Entries
