A Brief History of City Lakers Baseball
Al Shinn, A Founding Father
Al Shinn is the founder and former manager of the Michigan City Stars. Coach Shinn enjoyed a professional career as a player, then as founder and manager of the Michigan City White Caps, a minor league team in the New York Giants organization.
1973-2009 (Michigan City Stars)
Since 1973, the Michigan City Stars have given youth the opportunity to play baseball - this country's national pastime. The Stars have also given them the opportunity to learn America's traditional values - teamwork, individual effort, sportsmanship, camaraderie, discipline and perseverance.
From 1973 until 1993, the Stars played at Ames Field. In 1999, the organization realized a dream project by opening the Michigan City Stars 212 Baseball Complex. At the time, the complex consisted of 66 acres, and  two diamonds - one for baseball and one for softball, in addition to a 20,000 square-foot building, which included a 13,000 square-foot assembly hall.
In 1985 and 1986, a Stars-sponsored team won the state championship, and in 2003, the Stars brought the Indiana State trophy to Michigan City. Yet for all they do for youth and community, the Stars are champs every season.
Michigan City Stars Baseball is a not-for­profit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to promoting baseball for youth and adults in northern Indiana and southwestern Michigan. It provides coaching, training and organized league play - at no charge to the players.
2010 Onward (City Lakers)
After 37 years as the Michigan City Stars, Al Shinn, founder & owner, has passed the torch to Tim 'TJ' Jahnz. TJ has played and coached for the last 5 years, playing into his 50's. TJ has a strong passion for baseball and the area communities. We need to let baseball fans in the area know we play a strong brand of collegiate, semi-pro baseball.
The innaugural 2010 season for the City Lakers promises to be very exciting baseball. The roster is loaded with multi-year veterans who have amassed a record of 55-17 over the past two seasons.
The City Lakers are part of the Michiana Amateur Baseball League and play a 40-45 game schedule in June & July. Our home games on weekends are always double headers with start times at noon on most dates.
The City Lakers use only real wood bats for a true sound and feel of 'Real Baseball'.
The City Lakers home field is located in beautiful Trainor Solar Park on highway 212 in Michigan City Indiana, just a few minutes from exity 40 on I-94. For schedule and times, visit the corresponding menu option on your left.
Continuing a tradition for 37 years, admission to home games is free for all adults, children, and well-behaved dogs. The lakers will however accept a free will donation as we are a non-profit organization that scholarships all players on the roster.
site design & development by
