Share Email Print
With his team seemingly back in control of the series against the New Orleans Hornets , Phil Jackson arrived at the Alario Center for the Los Angeles Lakers’ practice Saturday with a purple walking cane, wearing sunglasses and flip-flops.
Enlarge Michael DeMocker, The Times-Picayune MICHAEL DeMOCKER / THE TIMES-PICAYUNE New Orleans Hornets point guard Chris Paul (3) runs into Los Angeles Lakers shooting guard Kobe Bryant (24) during the playoff game between the New Orleans Hornets and Los Angeles Lakers at the New Orleans Arena on Friday, April 22, 2011. Hornets vs Lakers Friday April 22, 2011 gallery (49 photos)
He was as calm and collected as ever.
And so were his players, who entered the practice gym in preparation for tonight’s Game 4 of the best-of-seven series against the Hornets looking every bit as relaxed as the two-time defending champions should.
With Jackson at the helm, this team never seems to panic. And the Lakers didn’t after losing Game 1 to the Hornets . Instead, they drew from the coach’s championship pedigree and moxie and won the next two games , taking a 2-1 advantage.
“It’s part of his personality,” Lakers forward Lamar Odom said. “He takes his time and is methodical. He thinks things over and analyzes it a bit. And a team starts to take the personality of their coach. With us taking our time, it is just kind of a trickle-down effect on how we do things.”
Jackson, 65, is retiring at the end of this season. But before he leaves, he hopes to win another NBA title. He already has 13 — 11 as a coach and two as a player.
To reach 14, however, he’ll have to finish off the Hornets first, then take care of the remaining Western Conference playoff teams.
With a win tonight at the New Orleans Arena, and then Tuesday in L.A., the Lakers can advance without having to return to New Orleans for Game 6.
“Every game is important,” Jackson said. “There is no denying that each game looms big as we try to build momentum, but we also have to realize that adjustments are made. And this team has defended its home court well this year. There is a tall project to climb before we are out of this series.”
Phil Jackson says Los Angeles Lakers never underestimated New Orleans Hornets Los Angeles Lakers Coach Phil Jackson says 'its not about taking the Hornets seriously,' its about his players finding ways to support each other after Friday nights Game 3 victory at the New Orleans Arena. Watch video
Jackson’s players are willing to buy into that theory. The Lakers continued to talk about living in the moment, something they’ve obviously heard from Jackson.
“We’ve been around him so long that when we start off 0-1, nobody is really tripping,” Lakers guard Kobe Bryant said.
Throughout the league Jackson is well-respected as a coach. But too often he’s viewed as being only a master at blending superstar talent together.
Hornets rookie coach Monty Williams said there is much more to Jackson, who is going after the fourth three-peat of his coaching career.
“One, I hope this is his last playoff series, and two, I just think everybody has a great deal of respect for Coach Jackson,” Williams said. “I don’t think there’s any idol-worship or anything. I’ve said it a number of times. I think he’s maybe the most underrated coach I’ve been around, a guy who’s won all these championships, and all people talk about is the talent. Nobody ever talks about his coaching. I just think there’s a great deal of respect for Coach Jackson.”
“In Phil’s case, he has coached some good players, but what great coach hasn’t,” Odom said. “I can’t name too many guys that we call great coaches who haven’t coached great players. It kind of comes with the territory. Winning comes along with being a good coach and having good players.
“I think Phil knows how to get the most out of his team, knows how to push them. That’s psychological and that’s a part of coaching as well. He’s definitely one of the best ever at it. His stats speak for themselves.”
BYNUM SCARE: Lakers center Andrew Bynum sent a scare through the team during Friday’s game when he went down in the third quarter, holding his right knee.
It was something the Lakers have seen all too often. At the sight of Bynum, who wears a brace on the surgically repaired knee, Jackson sent Lakers trainer Gary Vitti onto the court to check on the center.
But after a few minutes, Bynum got up and stayed in the game.
“It’s basketball,” Jackson said. “In the process there are going to be feet under feet, collisions underneath there. Those things are going to happen. Of course we are keeping our fingers crossed as we go along obviously.”
