By Marlen Garcia , USA TODAY
Updated
Over the years Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski has turned down at least three offers to coach in the NBA-- from the Celtics, the Trail Blazers and the Lakers. Wednesday, he was asked if his standpoint on coaching the NBA has changed.
"One that I took to a far level was the Lakers situation, and they were great with me," Krzyzewski said. "I could not give up what I've got, what I have at Duke. It just wasn't worth it."
The question was raised amid talk that Lakers coach Phil Jackson will retire at the end of the NBA season.
It's not as if Krzyzewski needs to prove to himself he can relate to or be successful coaching NBA stars. Krzyzewski, 64, has done that while coaching the U.S. national team to gold-medal finishes in the 2008 Olympics and 2010 world championships. The Olympic team included LeBron James, Kobe Bryant and Dwyane Wade. The world team featured a new wave of stars in Kevin Durant and Derrick Rose.
DRIVE FOR FIVE:   Coach K looks golden
Asked a while back if those experiences gave him an NBA coaching fix of sorts, Krzyzewski told USA TODAY: "I don't know if 'fix' is the right word. It's not like I said, 'I have to have that.' To me that's a fix. But there's an allure to maybe try that. I'm glad I'm doing what I'm doing (with the national team). Looking back, if I didn't do it, I think I would have missed the opportunity of not coaching an elite player. To coach an elite team, it's an incredible opportunity."
Krzyzewski also has an ideal situation with his family in Durham. Wife Mickie is at his side as much as possible. Daughters Debbie, Lindy and Jamie live in the area with their families. An NBA job would spread the family thin.
"My daughters and my wife will tell you they feel every bit a part of this," Krzyzewski said. "It's not a big-time operation but it has big-time success. It's enhanced our family. It's been like a family business."
Krzyzewski has worked with NBA players in recent years after being the head coach of Team USA, where he has won three gold medals at the 2007 FIBA Americas Championship, 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2010 FIBA World Championship.
"I didn't know I'd have the opportunity to coach internationally again until Jerry Colangelo asked me," Krzyzewski said. "I love that. It's made me a better a coach and it's made me love the NBA even more but I'm good with where I'm at. I'm too old to do anything else."
PREVIOUS
