Toronto Raptors»
Dwane Casey took less than five seconds to make his point.
“I like my money,” the Raptors coach said. “What little bit of money I make, I like it. I’m not going to comment on it, we’ll send it to the league, let them review it.”
Casey was referring to one of the oddest and most controversial moments of the Raptors ’ season, a five-second violation call in the crucial final seconds of what turned out to be a 94-92 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday afternoon — a bizarre turn of events that played a large role in the ultimate result.
Down one point after a near-miracle Kobe Bryant bucket — a sublime jumper right in front of the Toronto bench — the Raptors had 4.2 seconds to get off a potential game-winning shot. But referee Scott Foster ignored what looked like an obvious timeout call from inbounder Rasual Butler and called the Raptors for a five-second violation.
Bryant — him again! — converted one of two free throws after being quickly fouled with 3.7 seconds left, and the Raptors couldn’t get a good look on their final possession to steal a victory.
“I knew what my reads were,” said Butler. “They put (7-foot Pau) Gasol on the ball. The first look was a look to the rim; it was tough to get over his length. And then I took my other two reads and when they weren’t open, I called timeout.
“I thought I called it in good enough time. I thought he was turning to the table to award us the timeout, but that wasn’t the case.”
Not surprisingly, the Lakers didn’t see it that way.
“I wasn’t surprised because it was five seconds,” said Bryant. “I didn’t go to college, but I can count. Five seconds. Good defence on our part.”
That possession was the only time Butler was on the court.
“He’s our best inbounds passer,” said Casey. “What teams normally do is put their longest guy on the ball. That’s why we put Rasual up there. He’s our best inbounds passer, he’s our best lob passer, he sees the situation.”
While that was a crucial play — as was Bryant’s brilliant game-winner — the Raptors were left to lament another horrid start that left them in a huge hole. They sleepwalked through the first quarter and were down 34-19 — later trailed by 18 — and the comeback, while stirring and thrilling and somewhat unexpected, was only necessary because of another sluggish start.
“I was proud the way we dug ourselves out, but not happy with the way we dug the hole. Does that make sense?” Casey wondered.
“We can always nit-pick and go down the road, the timeout call, the two shots by Kobe (a late three-pointer over Linas Kleiza that was almost as impressive as the game-winner over James Johnson). We can look at those, but it began early.”
The loss wasted a career-best 30 points from Jose Calderon, who was 13-for-18 from the field against atrocious Lakers high screen-roll defence. Kleiza had another solid game with 15 points off the bench, Leandro Barbosa had 12. but DeRozan struggled mightily — 2-for-12 from the floor and just eight points.
“He was being really aggressive coming off the screens and knocking down the shots and that’s what we need him to do,” Casey said of Calderon, who also had six assists. “Sometimes it’s there, sometimes it’s not but when he has the opportunity and it presents itself, we want him to be aggressive and be offensive-minded.”
But those late-game failings, the slow start and Bryant’s brilliance were too much.
“As long as we learn from it; a fool doesn’t learn from his mistakes,” said Casey. “We’ve got to learn from our mistakes starting the game.”
