This is the 14th in a series of posts grading the Lakers on the 2011-12 season.
Player: Troy Murphy, Lakers forward
How he performed: 3.2 points on 45% shooting and 3.2 rebounds in 16.2 minutes a game in the regular season; 0.8 points and 0.7 rebounds in 3.8 minutes a game in the postseason.
The good: For how little the Lakers needed to pay Murphy (veteran's minimum), they can't exactly fret over his deficiencies. In one respect, though, Murphy provided at times what the Lakers sorely lacked in previous seasons: a legitimate three-point threat who could space the floor. He soon ascended Josh McRoberts in the rotation by becoming deadly accurate from three-point range in January (shooting 50%) and in February (38.7%). Andrew Bynum often credited Murphy's ability to space the floor with making it easier for the Lakers' center to navigate double teams. Knowing the Lakers had limited options on who they could acquire via free agency, they made out as best they could with Murphy's services.
Th...
NBA Draft: What's the right approach for the Lakers? (Poll)
By Mark Medina
The Lakers need to add youth. They need more athleticism. They need more solid role players. They need more talent. Oh, and the Lakers somehow have to do this without significantly adding to their heavy payroll.
But as the Lakers enter Thursday's NBA Draft, they're not in any position to really address those issues. They have the last pick (60th overall) and may have to simply select the best available player in an otherwise deep class.
Yup, this could be a frustrating off-season after the team's early exit from the Western Conference semifinals against Oklahoma City. The Lakers remain a playoff-contending team, but they lack a championship-caliber roster. An aging core only further cements the problem as time passes. And the harsher luxury taxes effective after next season from the new labor deal has made the Lakers reconsider their lavish spending habits.
Because of those severe limitations, it'll be interesting to see how the Lakers approach Thursday's draft. Below are a few...
Atlanta Hawks target Pau Gasol (for Josh Smith)
By Mike Bresnahan
The Atlanta Hawks have aggressively tried to trade power forward Josh Smith to the Lakers for Pau Gasol, initially expressing interest in Gasol shortly after Oklahoma City eliminated the Lakers in the Western Conference semifinals, The Times has learned.
Smith has been unhappy in Atlanta for more than a year, his dissatisfaction starting after the 2010-11 season because he felt he was an unfair target of criticism by coaches and media members.
In separate activity leading up to Thursday’s amateur draft, the Lakers are also open to trading Gasol to a team with a high first-round pick because they covet Kentucky freshman Michael Kidd-Gilchrist. Atlanta holds the 23rd pick and cannot help in that area.
No deals were imminent for the Lakers, who hold only the 60th and final pick in the draft. They have not had a first-round pick since taking Javaris Crittenton in 2007.
Last season, Smith averaged career-highs in points (18.8) and rebounds (9.6) for the Hawks. He is only 26, five years...
