May 28, 2011, 1:32 pm
Brown Ushers in New Era for the Lakers
By PETER MAY
Gregory Shamus/ Getty ImagesMike Brown was hired to replace Phil Jackson. Brown led the Cavaliers to 61 wins in 2009-10, but was dismissed after the season.
Widespread approval greeted the news last week that the Los Angeles Lakers had chosen Mike Brown to replace the retiring legend Phil Jackson. And why not?
Brown’s coaching mantra is defense above everything, and defense is certainly not the Lakers’ strong suit, as the longtime franchise icon Jerry West said during the season.
Brown was schooled in Spurs 101, learning at the side of the sure-to-be Hall of Famer Gregg Popovich in San Antonio.
He also worked alongside Rick Carlisle, who is busy readying his Dallas Mavericks for the N.B.A. finals, which open Tuesday.
Brown had experience coaching a superstar, LeBron James, in Cleveland for five years.
And his Cavaliers teams averaged 54-plus victories, winning 127 games in his last two seasons. In 2007, Cleveland reached the N.B.A. finals (where Brown went up against his mentor, Popovich, and lost in four games). His teams never finished lower than second place in the Central Division.
All of these qualities and attributes made Brown a logical choice to return to an N.B.A. sideline after being dismissed by the Cavaliers despite a 61-win season in 2009-10.
Sam Mircovich/ ReutersJackson, left, and the former star Magic Johnson in June 1999, when Jackson was introduced as the Lakers’ new coach.
Few have mentioned that he is black. Although 11 N.B.A. teams ended the regular season with an African-American head coach, Brown will be the first one to coach the Lakers at the start of a season.
For all the transcendent African-Americans who have played for the Lakers — from Elgin Baylor to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to Magic Johnson to James Worthy to Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O’Neal — the franchise never made a commitment to an African-American coach. (Johnson’s disastrous 5-11 coaching stint in 1994 was just a desperate tactic.)
Who wouldn’t want Pat Riley or Jackson? They combined to win nine championships with the team.
But the Lakers, who started play in 1948 in Minneapolis, were one of only two N.B.A. teams that through 2010 had never started a season with an African-American as head coach.
The Celtics have had five, including the league’s first, Bill Russell, in 1966.
Even the neighboring Clippers, whose owner has been accused of housing discrimination, have had three.
Miami is the other team that has not had an African-American coach to begin a season. Alvin Gentry replaced Kevin Loughery during the 1994-95 season. But the Heat finished 32-50, and Riley came aboard for the next season.
Utah, which has been an N.B.A. stop since 1979, had never had an African-American head coach until Jerry Sloan resigned in his 23rd season and was replaced by Tyrone Corbin. (When the franchise played in New Orleans, however, Baylor coached for two seasons.) A former Jazz player, Corbin signed a multiyear deal.
Chicago has had only one African-American head coach, Bill Cartwright in 2002-3. Bill Berry (0-2) and Pete Myers (0-3 in two stints) were interim replacements. Cartwright’s Bulls were 30-52. The next season, the Bulls lost 10 of their first 14 games and Cartwright was replaced, first by Myers, then by Scott Skiles.
A greater focus of Lakers fans is what the team will do with Andrew Bynum, Pau Gasol and Lamar Odom, and whether Bryant, who bonded with Jackson, will accept his new coach.
Brown has a tall task in taking over for Jackson, who won 11 N.B.A. titles, five of them with the Lakers.
To paraphrase Thomas Jefferson, he can only succeed Jackson, not replace him.
This post has been revised to reflect the following correction:
Correction: May 31, 2011
An earlier version of this article erroneously stated that Pat Riley and Phil Jackson had combined to win eight N.B.A. titles with the Lakers.
