The family lives in Orange County
Education:
University of San Diego (1992)
Other Coaches Considered for Brown's Position
Former Houston Rockets coach Rick Adelman
Lakers assistant coach Brian Shaw
Mike Brown Career History:
On May 31, 2011, in El Segundo, during a news conference, Mike Brown was introduced as the new head coach for the Los Angeles Lakers--succeeding popular long-time Lakers coach Phil Jackson (who retired at the end of the season)
Worked with ESPN as a studio analyst (2010)
Was fired as coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers (2010)
Coach of the Eastern Conference All-Star team (2009)
Head coach with the Cleveland Cavaliers (2005)
Assistant coach to Rick Carlisle with the Indiana Pacers (2003)
Assistant coach with the San Antonio Spurs (2000)
Star Basketball Players Coached by Mike Brown:
LeBron James (for five seasons in Cleveland)
Personal Facts Related to Mike Brown
Brown joked with comedian/host George Lopez about his eldest son Elijah's interest in the Kardashians, Kendall and Kylie Jenner--saying he could use Lamar Odom's connections
He says he takes heat from his colleagues because his wife always matches his glasses to his suit
He won 'best dressed' in high school
Distinctions and Honors:
Named NBA Coach of the Year--after leading the Cavaliers to a franchise best 66–16 record (2009)
Named Eastern Conference Coach of the Month (January, 2008)
Under Brown, the Cavaliers defeated the Detroit Pistons in the Eastern Conference Finals and advanced to the NBA Finals for the first time in their history (2007)
Won a championship with San Antonio as their assistant coach (2003)
Reactions to Brown Being Named Lakers Coach
One source said that Lakers star Kobe Bryant was "surprised" to hear that Brown had been chosen; he had been a supporter of Lakers assistant coach Brian Shaw's bid for the position
The Los Angeles Times Lakers Blog did a post on the Twitter reactions to Brown's ascent; they ranged from "surprised" and "shocked with how quickly it went his way," to "excited about our new coach" and "Mike Brown doesn't feel altogether right for me in LA"
Mo Williams said: "I think it is a good hire"
LeBron James said: "I think the Lakers got them a great coach. Mike Brown was a great coach. He gave us success that we hadn't had before in that city"
Magic Johnson said: "He's a defensive coach, familiar with the West and has experience coaching a superstar"
Mike Brown's Style:
Brown is known for his defensive concepts and 'slow-it-down' game style. He has a reputation as a 'nice guy' and has been seen by his critics as a 'pushover' and "a nitwit when it comes to offense" (according to SI.com).
Mike Brown Quotes:
“You always hear all the talk about team chemistry. I used to think, Dang, what do they mean by that? Chemistry is so broad. So I tried to find the simplest way to define chemistry. To me, chemistry equals trust."
"You only have to think of eleven great speeches to get guys fired up if you're a college football coach. It's different in basketball. With an eighty-two-game regular season and ten preseason games and the playoffs, guys have to have something within them to get themselves going."
Quotes above are from an October, 2011 Esquire interview.
Related Articles
