Phoenix Suns coach  Alvin Gentry optimistic that Robin Lopez can play vs. Los Angeles Lakers
by Bob Young - May. 12, 2010 12:01 AM
The Arizona Republic
To listen to pundits, the Suns have very little chance to get past the Los Angeles Lakers in the NBA Western Conference finals unless center Robin Lopez is able to return from a bulging disk in his back before the series begins Monday.
Then again, most of the pundits didn't expect the Suns to be playing the Lakers in May with a trip to the NBA Finals at stake.
"They said that about Portland and San Antonio, also," Suns coach Alvin Gentry said. "We'd love to have Robin playing, but if he's not we're not going to concede the series."
The Suns might not have to find out how they match up with the Lakers without Lopez.
He scrimmaged Tuesday, and Gentry sounded optimistic about his availability.
"We have six more days, and we feel good that if his progress continues, then I think he'll be able to play," Gentry said.
"It's obvious that being out this long he's not going to be able to step right in and play at the level he was playing. . . . But just to have him out there, if he feels good enough to give us 15, 17, 20 minutes - whatever - we'll do that."
The 7-foot Lopez would give the Suns another big body to match up with the Lakers' huge front line of Andrew Bynum, Pau Gasol and Lamar Odom. But ultimately the Suns are going to have to pull those big men away from the rim to be successful, and that's where Amar'e Stoudemire and Channing Frye are going to be, well, pivotal.
"It's going to be hard to get points in the paint," Stoudemire said. "But the problem I'm going to give them is that it's really tough for them to guard me on the wing."
So, were those two 18-foot jumpers that Stoudemire hit down the stretch in Game 4 against the Spurs a preview?
"A little synopsis of what may happen," he said, smiling.
Of course, defending the Lakers begins with trying to contain Kobe Bryant. Gentry said he hasn't decided who will be given the primary defensive assignment. Then he went back to those big guys.
"Kobe is a big challenge, but just the length they have is what bothers me, and it's what bothers every team they play," he said. "But on the flip side of that, we do a very good job of spreading the floor and making them guard out on the floor."
Thus Frye's ability to pull Bynum and Gasol to the perimeter with his 3-point shooting off the Phoenix bench could open driving lanes for Steve Nash and give Stoudemire room to work.
As for Bryant, Grant Hill has been the Suns' stopper in the playoffs, first taking on Portland point guard Andre Miller and then getting the tough assignment of guarding San Antonio's Manu Ginobili. But Gentry hasn't decided who will start out on Bryant.
After scoring 30 points or more once in the Lakers' first five playoff games, Bryant has exceeded 30 points in each of their past five.
"Well, yeah, but you knew that was going to happen," Gentry said. "The thing I like about him . . . through all of this, not one time has he said one thing about all the injuries he's had. People don't understand he's got a broken finger on his shooting hand. He's got the ankle injury and issues there. He's got the knee thing going on.
"He just plays. That's why I admire the guy so much."
The fun begins
Stoudemire had to sit out the previous Western Conference finals the Suns were in, when they lost to Dallas in 2006 as he recovered from knee surgery.
So he's happy just to be alive in the playoffs. But he admitted that playing the Lakers is a little more special.
"Oh, yeah, definitely. It makes it so much fun," he said with a mischievous smile. "Hollywood. LA. Against the Suns. With the rivalry there is between the two from when Raja (Bell) choked up Kobe.
"That was great to watch. I was enjoying that one. I may send Raja a text and say, 'We're back!' "
Eye-opening
It seemed everybody wanted to talk to Nash about his Game 4 heroics against San Antonio and that one-eyed jack from 3-point range.
Nash dutifully responded, but his one good eye really lit up when the subject turned to the Suns reserves and his backup, Goran Dragic.
"Obviously you never predict Goran is going to score 23 points in the fourth quarter on the road," he said. "But he's capable.
"It's funny. I said that to the ESPN guys when they interviewed us that morning at shootaround. They said, 'It's great that Goran can spell you now,' and I said, 'Well, yeah, it's great, but not only can he spell me, he's capable on any night of going on a run and having a big quarter or two. He can be a weapon.'
"He's proven he can do that, whether it's 23 points or eight or 15. That's big-time for our team when he comes in and gets on a roll like that."
