Share Email Print
Associated PressLos Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson.
Cleveland, Ohio -- Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson has always been able to pick his spots or take advantage of situations.
His latest coup might be planting more seeds of doubt into the confused minds of the struggling Miami Heat , as reported by ESPN.com and Dave McMenamin.
Of course, Jackson's words are usually intended to benefit him and his team, whether in the short term or well down the road.
Jackson has never been a particular favorite of Cleveland Cavaliers fans, having coached the Chicago Bulls to three straight NBA titles twice: from 1991-93 and 1996-98.
Chicago ousted the Cavaliers from the playoffs five times, including four when Jackson was the head coach. In 1989 -- when Jackson was an assistant to Doug Collins , and Michael Jordan hit "The Shot" against Cleveland -- and in 1992, 1993 and 1994, the Bulls had distinct health advantages over the Cavs in the playoffs.
Jackson's response to playoff series wins often seemed to border on gloating.
And, in each of his 11 NBA title seasons as a coach, Jackson benefited from having two superstars.
Chicago had Jordan and Scottie Pippen in each of its six championship seasons. Jackson's first three title teams with the Lakers included Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant. LA has won the last two championships with Bryant and Pau Gasol, who is already being mentioned as an MVP candidate this season.
Many pundits anticipated, and millions of basketball fans wanted, a Finals matchup each of the last two years between Bryant's Lakers and LeBron James' Cavs. Alas, Bryant and LA delivered on their half of the equation, but the James-led Cavaliers fell short on their end of the bargain.
So, Jackson's tenth and 11th titles were won while Cavs' fans watched the Finals in disappointment, if at all.
Now, though, Cavaliers and Toronto Raptors fans, and legions of others who follow the NBA, are getting a kick out of Jackson tweaking the Heat. Miami is now the most disliked team in the league, after James left the Cavs by saying he was "taking my talents to South Beach," and Bosh leaving Canada's only team for Miami.
The Heat are 8-6, after a summer of ESPN and other media openly wondering if Miami could beat the league's all-time best record: the 72-10 Bulls of 95-96 with Jackson, Jordan and Pippen.
Erik Spoelstra is Miami's coach, and Pat Riley is the general manager. Riley, ironically, coached four Lakers' championship teams in the 1980s. His fifth title was with the Heat of Dwyane Wade and Shaquille O'Neal in 2005-06, when he fired current Orlando Magic coach Stan Van Gundy 21 games into the season and took over as coach.
ESPN.com's report includes some of what Jackson said on "The Waddle & Silvy Show" on Chicago's ESPN 1000, noting that some NBA fans are probably enjoying the Heat's struggles:
"I think a lot of people are looking at that kind of hoping things go wrong instead of hoping things go right because of the way they were formed," Jackson said. "There's a lot about public feelings. There's a lot about this that holds sway over how things go for people and I think they just have to have some good will in them and get it going."
Jackson also said on "Waddle & Silvy:"
"The scenario that sits kind of behind the scene, is that eventually these guys that were recruited -- Bosh and James -- by Pat Riley and Micky Arison, the owner, are going to come in and say, 'We feel you [Riley] can do a better job coaching the team. We came here on the hopes that this would work,' and whatever, I don't know," Jackson said. "That's kind of my take on it, is that eventually if things don't straighten out here soon, it could be the Van Gundy thing all over again."
(Van Gundy, who had Spoelstra as one of his assistants with Miami and remains friends with him, says Jackson's comments about Miami's coaching situation are "inappropriate" and "ignorant," as reported by the Associated Press on USAToday.com)
Jackson talked more about Miami's situation before the Lakers' home game on Tuesday night against the  Bulls .
Part of what Jackson said to reporters:
"I think eventually, if things don't turn around, I think eventually the weight's going to fall there where [without] the success they were hoping for, there will be a real drive for the players to have some kind of change," Jackson said. "It's easier to change coaches than to would be to change teams, after they made all those player adjustments.
"There's a chance for that, I would say. It would take a lot more losses like the ones we've seen."
The Lakers defeated the Boston Celtics in the Finals last season. Jackson seemed to indicate that for other contenders, Boston is now a bigger concern that Miami.
He said:
"The Celtics have a defense you have to plan for. Their defense is overwhelmingly a factor in the ballgame," Jackson said. "They're going to smother. They're going to really contest. They're going to body guys. There's going to be double-teaming underneath the free throw line. There are a lot of things that go on there that you have to start planning for.
"Right now, Miami hasn't kind of shown -- the defense has improved recently -- they haven't really shown this is something you really have to plan for. You have to plan how to defend these great individuals that they have. And that's going to be part of the planning. Boston still gives you a multiple effect as a basketball team."
Then, as is Jackson's style when he tries to create chaos, he added caveats, saying about Miami, for instance:
"They haven't had really an opportunity to get that all together."
And, about his recent statement that the Heat could someday win 70 games:
"Maybe not this season, but with the personnel they have and the youth they have, they have enough talent to do that," Jackson said.
 
