Bobby Cala, Head Coach | Men's Golf
Phone: 440.525.7849
E-mail: golf@lakelandcc.edu
Coach Cala began coaching at Lakeland Community College in the fall of 2004.  Coach Cala’s teams have been solid performers in league competition, including a first place finish in 2006, when he was named the OCCAC Coach of the Year.  He is the teaching professional at Quail Hollow Resort, in Concord Township, a position he has held since 1991.  Previously, he was the head professional at Pine Ridge Country Club in Wickliffe.  The golf team’s annual spring trip to South Carolina allows the team to play on some of the southeast’s finest courses.  Their stay at Hickory Knob is a seasonal highlight, and it always includes a side trip to the Augusta National Golf Course.
 
Chris Ulrich, Assistant Coach | Men's Basketball
Phone: 440.525.7845
E-mail: mbasketball@lakelandcc.edu
Chris Ulrich joined the Lakeland coaching staff during the 1998-99 campaign.  Coach Ulrich is responsible for formulating scouting reports, breaking down game film, coordinating travel arrangements and working with the post players.  Ulrich is a 1992 graduate of Baldwin-Wallace College with a Bachelor’s Degree in business administration.  He was a four year letter winner for the Yellow Jackets, and served as team captain his senior season.  Ulrich was raised in Erie, Pennsylvania and is a graduate of Strong Vincent High School.  He is currently a Customer Service Manager for Stahls' Transfer Express. Coach Ulrich resides in Mentor with his wife Dawn.
Djuro Peric, Head Coach | Men's Soccer
Phone: 440.525.7847 | 216.375.2587
E-mail: soccer@lakelandcc.edu | socerlaker@aol.com
The 2010 season is Coach Peric’s thirty-ninth year with the Lakeland soccer program.  His career at the college began in 1972 as a player. His freshman year, he earned both team and conference Most Valuable Player honors.  As a sophomore, he was voted Best Forward.  In his two years as a Laker, he was unanimously voted team captain by his teammates, while leading the team in scoring both years.  At that time, he earned the sixth spot on the all-time goals scored list.  Highlights of Coach Peric’s playing career at Lakeland include being selected as the inaugural LCC Invitational Tournament’s Best Forward in 1972 after scoring three goals with three assists against Case Western Reserve University.  That record of nine points in a game stood until All-American player George Attoh broke it in 1976.
After playing, Coach Peric continued his career at Lakeland as an assistant coach under Mario Marcopoli.  In 1988 Coach Peric took over head coaching responsibilities.  Since that time, the Lakers have posted a 228-170-26 record.  Coach Peric attributes his success to Coach Marcopoli.  “Everything I did and everything I made, including graduating from Lakeland, I owe to Mr. Marcopoli,” said Peric, “He was truly the best mentor I could have had.”  As a coach, Peric earned the Ohio Community College Athletic Association Coach of the Year Award six times (1995, 1996, 1999, 2001, 2002, and 2008).
His Lakers won OCCAC Championships in each of those six seasons.  During his tenure as a coach, Lakeland has produced 15 NJCAA All-Americans, 10 NJCAA Academic All-Americans and six NSCAA All-Americans.  Gary Grover (Madison High School) was named twice (1991, 1992) to the NJCAA All-American team; while Andrew Pfeifer (1994,1995) and Damir Kuduzovic (2007,2008) were two-time NJCAA Academic All-Americans.  Coach Peric currently holds a USSF “B” license and is a member of the National Soccer Coaches Association of America.  He is also involved in the Croatian Community, most notably, the Croatian School for Language and Culture where he served as President for more than a decade.  He resides in Euclid with his wife, Angela.  He also has three daughters, Georgiana, Tina and Annie.  Tina was a 2001 Lakeland graduate while Annie graduated from Lakeland in 2002.
Greg Gerland, Assistant Coach | Baseball
Phone: 440.525.7845
E-mail: baseball@lakelandcc.edu
This is Coach Gerland’s sixth year on the Lakeland coaching staff working as the pitching coach. After graduating from Euclid High School, he earned a bachelor’s degree in education from Cumberland University in Tennessee. While at CU, he was a member of the Bulldog pitching staff. From there, he moved on to pitch for the Atlanta Braves minor league team during the 1995-96 season. In 1997, he became a pitcher in the Frontier League, while also serving as a coach. Coach Gerland has been a Corporate Sales Auditor for Progressive Insurance for the past eight years. He currently resides in Eastlake.
Howie Krause, Head Coach | Baseball
Phone: 440.840.1697
E-mail: howie.krause@gmail.com
The 2009 season marks Coach Krause’s eighth year as the head coach of the Lakers squad.  He earned coach of the year honors in 2004 and 2005 and brought a conference title to Lakeland in 2004, the spring of 2005, and the fall of 2006. Prior to becoming the head coach, he served as an assistant under Head Coach Chris Mongiardo for one year. Coach Krause has been an active baseball coach for seventeen years, beginning in 1992 as head assistant at Division I Cleveland State University. He helped coach the Vikings through the 1995 season. He also served as the head coach of the Euclid Admirals in 1994 and 1995, winning the Division both years and earning consecutive trips to the World Series. Since his early days of coaching, he has coached sixteen players to the professional level, including 2002 Lakeland pitcher Chris Steinborn, 2003 infielder Joe Rhomberg and 2003 outfielder Brad Coon.  As an Eastlake North High School graduate, Krause  played under coach Spark Sankal. Coach Krause continued his education at Florida Southern, playing for Chuck Anderson and winning two National Championships with the Moccasins.  Following his collegiate career, he bounced around the minor leagues for two seasons with the Mets and Twins orgainizations, learning from some of baseball's best coaches.  At Lakeland his biggest success has been placing his players into high profile four year schools when their time at Lakeland is finished.   He  and his wife Colleen reside in  Concord Township.
Jeff Loga, Pitching Coach | Softball
Phone: 440.525.7843
E-mail: softball@lakelandcc.edu
Coach Loga joined the Lakeland coaching staff in the fall of 2008. Jeff’s concentration is in the pitching/catching arena.  His focus is to read the offense early and call pitches accordingly. He has worked extensively in the Lake County area with young softball athletes. His daughter, Leah, is a pitcher for Lakeland and has been coached by her father for several years.  Jeff works with the 18U travel club, the Hurricanes.  He has trained some impressive athletes through this program.  Coach Loga lives in Painesville Township with his wife, Amy and daughter, Leah.
Judy Sargent, Head Coach - Softball & Volleyball
Phone: 440.525.7843
E-mail: softball@lakelandcc.edu
Coach Sargent became the head coach of the Lady Lakers in 2005 and is returning for her 8th year at the helm of the fastpitch program this season.  In 2009, she surpassed the 100-win mark as a college coach in just her fifth year at Lakeland.  A three-time Ohio Community College Athletic Conference (OCCAC) coach of the year, Sargent guided Lakeland to a share of the title in 2011.  In July, she was selected to coach high school all-stars in New York City by Triple Crown Sports, which venues high school athletes from throughout the United States and Canada.
Sargent has been involved with softball, either playing or coaching, in excess of 45 years.  She played at Kent State University where she earned her Bachelor and Master of Education Degrees.  She served in an assistant capacity there and was also the former Head Coach at Lake Erie College in nearby Painesville, Ohio.  After her academic play was completed, she participated on several different teams that won state championships and qualified for the national tournament.  Currently, Sargent is involved on the Northeastern Ohio team that recently qualified for the National Senior Olympics and will compete in Cleveland in August 2013.  Women from around the country will strap on their cleats for the tournament.
Sargent is also no stranger to Lakeland academics.  She has been on the faculty at Lakeland for the past 18 years, teaching health and safety classes.  Coach Sargent resides in Lake County with her extremely understanding and supportive husband, Don.  She is the mother of one son, Travis, an undergraduate of Bowling Green State University and MBA graduate of Lake Erie College.
Nick Cindric, Assistant Coach | Men's Soccer
Phone: 440.525.7847
E-mail: soccer@lakelandcc.edu
Nick Cindric joined the Lakeland coaching staff in 2009 and brought decades of soccer experience to Lakeland’s soccer program. He played for the Lakers in 1981 and 1982 and for Youngstown State University in 1983 and 1984 where he earned a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice degree.
From 1987 and through the 1989 season he was the head varsity soccer coach at Wickliffe High School. Coach Cindric was active with the Cleveland Croatia Soccer Club where he has played and coached. He also spent more than ten years coaching in Willowick’s Recreational Soccer League and the Willowick Travel Soccer Club.
Cindric has worked at Painesville Municipal Court since 1990 and is currently the Clerk/Court Administrator. He served four years on Willowick’s city council and was Chairman of that city’s Charter Review Commission and currently chairs the Civil Service Commission. He has been a part-time faculty member at Lakeland Community College since 2000, teaching criminal justice classes.
Cindric met his wife Ann Marie while attending Lakeland. They have two sons who both played collegiate soccer. Joseph graduated from North Park University in Chicago and is a first year student at DePaul College of Law in Chicago. Kevin is a senior at the University of Mount Union and is a 3 year starter and 2 times honorable mention all OAC selection.
Ornette Gardenhire, Assistant Coach | Men's Basketball
Phone: 440.525.7846
E-mail: mbasketball@lakelandcc.edu
Ornette Gardenhire joined the Lakeland coaching staff in 2008 and brought ten years of high school and junior college coaching experience to the men’s basketball staff.   In 2007-08 he was the head coach at Cuyahoga Community College, where he led the Challengers to a 21-9 overall record and was 12-4 in the OCCAC.  Prior to his stint as head coach, he served on that coaching staff as an assistant.  He helped recruit players to their 2003-04 national championship team and their 2004-05 final four team.  He has recruited and developed seven all OCCAC performers; and coached a league MVP, a first team All-American, three Division I recruits and one of his former players is playing professionally in Spain.  He was a member of the coaching staff at St. Peter Chanel High School when they made a final four appearance in 1996.  Gardenhire was a four year college starter and played his college ball at Lackawanna Junior College in Scranton, Pennsylvania and at Bloomfield College in New Jersey.  He and his wife Debra have five children.
Terry Bowe, Head Coach | Men's & Women's Basketball
Phone: 440.525.7846
E-mail: mbasketball@lakelandcc.edu
Coach Bowe became head coach of the Lakers in 2003, after serving several years as an assistant under Coach Willis Brown.  He is a graduate of Benedictine High School, in Cleveland, where he played four years of varsity basketball at a time when Benedictine appeared in two district finals and two regional finals.  Bowe then played four years at Baldwin Wallace College in Berea.  The Yellow Jackets made one national tournament appearance during Bowe’s tenure.  He graduated with a degree in Applied Communications and Human Resources.  He went on to earn a Master’s Degree in Applied Communications and Methodology from Cleveland State University and a Master’s Degree in Human Resources Management from Capella University.  Bowe utilizes his talents as a part-time faculty member at Lakeland and as a human resources manager for the Lincoln Electric Company.  Bowe resides in Macedonia with his wife Monica and the blessed memory of his son, TJ.
