By Tom Weir , USA TODAY
Updated
The quick endings to the NBA's conference finals provide a convenient lull before the Finals to catch up on all things Lakers. Their hiring of Mike Brown as Phil Jackson's successor may be as big an offseason topic as the looming lockout. Particularly because they didn't run the choice by their franchise player, Kobe Bryant.
Is that a mistake?
Meantime, here are some idle thoughts about the direction the Lakers are taking as owner Jerry Buss hands the reins and decision-making authority of his franchise over to son Jim:
Did the younger Buss pass on the Kobe-endorsed Brian Shaw as the next coach purely because he was a Phil Jackson assistant? If so, we can probably count on more shows of ego.
Shaw would have provided continuity. Rick Adelman would have meshed quickly with the Lakers' up-tempo history. Jeff Van Gundy would have had the outgoing personality that's necessary in entertainment-oriented LA. Other than the fact Brown coached Ron Artest in Indiana and Shannon Brown in Cleveland I don't see a strong connection to the Laker way.
Jim Buss is the same guy who wanted Rudy Tomjanovich to coach the
Lakers the first time Jackson left them. Although that's ancient history, it will be mentioned often if the Lakers start slowly under Brown.
Mike Brown is all about defense, and the Bulls just proved you can't go all the way with that one-dimensional mindset. Laker fans will boo long and loud in no time if Showtime becomes Slowtime in prime time.
Some in LA wanted a coach with a championship pedigree to replace Jackson. But the only two active NBA coaches with rings are Boston's Doc Rivers and San Antonio's Gregg Popovich. (Guess you also could include Larry Brown, since he's eternally available.) It would seem like Mike Brown and his career .663 winning percentage in the regular-season (one point better than Red Auerbach's, but well behind Jackson's .704 ) would be worthy of a little more respect, but such is LA's feeling of entitlement.
Is the Brown hiring just as much about sending a message that the Kobe era is over every bit as much as Jackson's? Kobe will be 33 in August, and maybe they're ready to blow up the franchise.
The other Jerry Buss offspring, Jackson girlfriend Jeanie Buss, usually likes to tweet it up, but she has been totally silent on the hire. (And her Twitter page is worth checking, just for the avatar.)
PREVIOUS
