OS: Windows only, XP and above
Java: Latest Java recommended
Famed for our support!
Our support staff are always on hand to help and provide quick and efficient email support for everyone!
Purchase Options
Standard Edition: Prices start at $39.95 for a single user license
Advaned Edition: Prices start at $69.95 for a single user license
 
Locate an IP address or website
Visual IP Trace makes the process of starting a trace and viewing results as easy as possible.
•  Enter the IP or web address to trace in the address box
•  Click the Start Trace button
•  Watch the results appear on the map and in the table! Simple!
Location is pin pointed on the map using cross hairs to make it easy to see and the route table can be reduced if this provides more information that is needed.
Route table gives extra locations of the whole route the trace took including hop name and network that hop responds too.
In Advanced edition the tabbed interface is available which allows multiple traces to be started and viewed at the same time. When in Standard edition each trace is started in the second tab.
A history of traces performed will appear in the MyTraces tab.
Traces can also be saved to an HTML file using the Save Trace button. This makes it easy to share the information in an e-mail or flash drive.
Uncover Whois and System Services
Whois information provides extra details and contact information about an IP address or website.
As shown on the right such information includes:
•  Organization name
•  Mailing address of the domain/network contact
•  E-mail address and phone number of the domain/network contact
Also System Services can be uncovered which will tell the user what services, if any, are running on the destination machine. For example what operating system they are running and if they have an FTP service running etc.
Batch Tracing in Visual IP Trace
The trace from a list option allows the user to enter as many IP addresses or domain names as they want. This saves time and energy when tasked with tasks like location verification. Entering and tracing and IP or domain name one at a time can be time consuming, batch tracing makes this task much easier.
The two basic output options are run each trace in a new tab and run each trace in the 'My Traces' tab.
The My Traces tab is where Visual IP Trace keeps a list of previous traces. The batch tracing feature can use this mechanism to perform the traces to avoid opening lots of tabs.
The most useful output option is the Output to a Excel (CSV)/HTML file. This allows the user to pick and choose the data they want to output and, once outputted, makes it much easier for the data to be shared and analyzed further.
