IP Address Lookup: IP Locator, IP Lookup, Find IP Location, IP Finder
IP Address
My IP address: 207.46.13.49 My IP Location: United States 
Check, Track, Search and Trace IP Address with powerful IP Locator.  Lookup IP Addresses and Find IP Location as you've never done before!
IP Address IP Locator GeoIP Check My IP IP WhoIs Reverse IP Email Checker Trace Email
IP Locator & IP Lookup
Before you can set out to change IP or hide your IP address you must know what it is.  The easiest way to determine  'what is my IP address' and to find IP address location is to use our IP lookup also known as IP Locator tool.
With the IP lookup or IP Locator tool you can easily track down hosts and websites as well as determine your own IP address.   Our IP address lookup tool provides the computer user with several important pieces of information in addition to the 32 bit IP address.
IP Location by city, state, ISP
An IP lookup tool from IP-Address.org will provide you with geographical information regarding a computer user.
By entering an IP address into the IP address locator tool you can determine where a computer user is located by city,  state and you can also determine who their ISP (Internet Service Provider) and Organization is.    The IP lookup tool may even include a zip code. The accuracy rate of our IP locator tool is very high.
IP Lookup and IP Location Map
When using an IP lookup aka IP Locator tool you’ll often see results as they zero in on a map.   The IP Location map will include information such as longitude and latitude and may have a marker which shows  where the computer user is from.
Accuracy rate from our IP locator tool is very high. Even if the results from our IP address lookup & IP locator tool are sometime not 100% accurate they  are valuable and can help you determine a number of different factors, such as country, state, ISP, organization, currency, IDD etc.  In addition to your WAN IP, also known as public or external IP address, our IP checker tool may also find IP address of your local area network (LAN).
Start to Trace IP Location with IP Locator
Notice: If you lookup domain names instead of IP address then         only domain names without prefix http:// are accepted.
IP Lookup not accept:
