Open An Account
Reverse IP Lookup
Ever wonder which other websites use the same hosting resources you do? Could they be impacting your  site's performance? Use our patented Reverse IP Address Search tool to get a list of the domains  currently hosted at any given IP address.*
Reverse IP Lookup returns up to 2,000 domains hosted on a single IP, including all the common gTLD  and any ccTLD domains. For more popular IPs with more than 2,000 domains, order a Reverse IP report  and we'll deliver it to you in minutes. Reverse IP reports are a useful tool to sort, parse and  review large lists of domains.
Reverse IP Lookup is an incredibly powerful tool with many high-value business applications.
Retrieve a list of all domains using the same IP address as you, and sharing the same resources
Track down malicious behavior of phishing or scamming websites that reside on the same host.
Perform research on hosting or parking companies before you decide to make a switch.
Enter an IP address or a domain name and search again
IP Address or Domain Name
Search Search tips
64.233.161.104 or 64.233.161.% or domain.com
Reverse Address Lookup is a powerful tool  that lets you see all the domain names hosted  in any single location at a specific moment in  time.
Search using one of three methods:
Enter a complete IP address
Enter a partial IP address
Use "%" as a wildcard to broaden your   search to include all hosts on a particular   network, or to broaden a network.
Enter a domain name
Enter any existing domain name and the   result set will include all domain names   sharing the same IP address with the   name you entered.
Limitations of the Reverse IP Lookup tool:
Results include all .com, .net, .org, .biz, .us and .info domains plus any other gTLD or ccTLD domain listed on the IP we know about.
Domains added to an IP address are updated daily.
Domains removed from any specific IP address may not be reflected for up to two weeks.
Reverse IP Lookup Results
Enter your Reverse IP Address Search above
Related Tools
