Wireless IP Options for Mobile Deployments
Flexible IP Solutions to Meet Your Changing Needs
With networking needs constantly changing, you need wireless IP options that are flexible enough to support your unique IP requirements and will allow you to extend your software applications wirelessly. Through AT&T custom IP addressing, we can help you deploy an IP configuration to your mobile devices on the industry-leading AT&T cellular network.
Benefits of AT&T Custom IP Addressing
The use of custom IP addressing solutions allows you to tailor your company's wireless IP solution to meet the security and IP addressing requirements of your applications.
With all custom solutions, you choose the type of connection between your network and the AT&T cellular network. Choose between an AT&T MPLS solution, a direct Frame Relay connection, or a secure Internet connection, depending on your data transport requirements. From there, choose the custom IP option that works best for you:
  Private IP addresses: This is the default IP addressing solution on the AT&T Data network.
  Public IP addresses: Public IP addresses can be dynamically assigned from a designated range of addresses for a specific business.
  Static IP addresses: Business-critical applications that require a fixed IP address can take advantage of AT&T static IP addresses.
  Customer-provided IP addresses: If you decide to provide your own Public IP address block for your mobile data configuration, you will essentially extend your company's wide area network to include the AT&T cellular network. This allows for simpler firewall configuration, as well as mobile device identification.
Additional Custom Capabilities
In addition to specifying the type of IP addresses assigned to the mobile devices and the connectivity method, custom IP solutions can also provide data traffic flow control benefits.
Available options include:
Allowing or disallowing mobile terminated data
Allowing or disallowing direct mobile-to-mobile data sessions
Pricing Structure
