IP Basic Address Structure and Main Components: Network ID and Host ID
(Page 1 of 3)
As I mentioned in the IP addressing  overview, one of the ways that IP addresses are used is to facilitate the  routing of datagrams in an IP internet .  This is made possible because of the way that IP addresses are structured,  and how that structure is interpreted by network routers.
Internet IP Address Structure
As  we just saw , each version 4 IP address  is 32 bits long. When we refer to the IP address we use a dotted-decimal  notation, while the computer converts this into binary. However, even  though these sets of 32 bits are considered a single “entity”,  they have an internal structure containing two components:
Network Identifier (Network ID): A certain  number of bits, starting from the left-most bit, is used to identify  the network where the host or other network interface is located. This  is also sometimes called the network prefix or even just the prefix.
Host Identifier (Host ID): The remainder  of the bits are used to identify the host on the network.
Note: By convention, IP devices are often called hosts for simplicity, as I do throughout this Guide. Even though each host usually has a single IP address, remember that IP addresses are strictly associated with network-layer network interfaces, not physical devices, and a device may therefore have more than one IP address.
As you can see in Figure 57 ,  this really is a fairly simple concept; it's the same idea as the structure  used for phone numbers in North America. The telephone number (401)  555-7777 is a ten-digit number usually referred to as a single “phone  number”. However, it has a structure. In particular, it has an  area code (“401”) and a local number (“555-7777”).
Figure 57: Basic IP Address Division: Network ID and Host ID
The fundamental division of the bits of an IP address is into a network ID and host ID. Here, the network ID is 8 bits long, shown in cyan, and the host ID is 24 bits in length.
 
