Find IP address
Do you want to know, who visits your sites? Track IP-addresses!
Our service is an effective means to get any information about IP, accuracy of which is higher than 95 %.
IP-address can be considered as a unique identifier for each device (computer, laptop) in the network, while all the end devices work in the Internet with the internetwork protocol – such as the IP protocol. This IP protocol belongs to the TCP/IP family. You should know that an IP-address is assigned either by the provider (if the computer is connected to the Internet), or by the network administrator (for example, local).
There are many reasons to learn one’s IP. Among them are the following:
- tracking the IP-address of users who visit your site, you can determine the number of repeated visits to find out how many new visitors came to the resource;
- each IP-address can be used to create accurate counter of visits for any internet-resource;
- during interviews, especially for money, you can limit repeated participation in them one and the same person;
- knowing the IP address of the site’s business cards or corporate website, or the IP-address of a user, you can define the territorial location of companies, customers or partners. This is achieved through the definition of ownership of any IP-address to a specific locality and the country (for this purpose there has been used a well-known IP-address of the provider).
You can learn the IP address of a device in the network or the IP address of a site by means of special services. If you set a goal: «I want to identify my IP», - you can use any of them. Nevertheless, the result will not always be reliable. But we solved this problem.
Your desire «I want to learn my IP address» is performed automatically on our site.
For that purpose you should not spend time and make the transition to other pages of the site. In order to make sure immediately that the IP-address has been defined correctly, the reference information is shown below (the operating system installed on the computer, the interface language and laptop or computer screen resolution).
Since apart from your IP-address, you should determine IP-addresses of other people, then, for these purposes you should use the following scripts:
1. Script, which allows you to get information on a specific IP-address,
2. Script which displays the IP address based on a domain entered in the field,
3. Script, which allows you to get a Host Name on the basis of the previously entered IP-address.
Successful work of each script is determined by the database used. That’s why the database of IP-addresses is safe and constantly updated.
If you want to get other data, then you should use a multifunctional module. For the convenience of the query selection 2 main categories have been singled out there:
1.      Host information: Resolve/Reverse Lookup, Whois (Web) and Whois (IP owner), getting DNS Records.
2.      Router connection: Check port (by default - 80), Traceroute to host and Ping host.
By default you can get all the information without limiting its вывод.
We will help you to get any IP-address, learn all the information about it, and you’ll decide on your own how to use it.
Copyright © 2010 ---. All Rights Reserved.
