Target Country by IP Address
Product Summary: Target Country by IP Address is a IP to Country script. It use PHP (server side scripting language) and MYSQL (IPLookup database) to redirect your web site visitors to a different page based on their IP addresses. It provides webmasters with the ability to redirect/restrict traffic based on the visitor's country of origin. With this IP based Geo-Tracking package, you can specify for each country (or IP address database) has a Web Redirection Rule.  If the visitor`s IP is in the IP address database, he is redirected to the web redirection link associated with it. And It can deny certain IP address's from your site and redirects the user to a blocked page.Very simple add the IP range or single IP you want to deny.
Free IP Address Lookup
With our Web based IP Locator Tracker is very effective to check, trace and track location of any IP address.  Enter an IP Address number into our IP Address Lookup tool to lookup, check, locate, Search, trace and find out what is the IP address and to determine, show and find IP location.
What is an IP address?
Every Internet user is assigned an IP address. IP Address usually assigned to internet service providers (ISP) within region-based blocks. IP addresses are allocated arbitrarily, ISPs provide each user with a IP address that is either dedicated to their account or rotates as often as hourly.
How to detect a visitor's IP address?
you can download Free sample codes for ASP, ASP.NET, PHP, JSP
Do you want to know your Internet user's location? Which country? Which state? Which city? Which ISP?
The easiest way to get a geolocation information from an IP address it look it up in reverse. IP address can be used to identify the region city or country from which a visitor is connecting to the public Internet.
The geographical position of the ip is positioned by query an ip geographical database according to the ip address. The Geo IP (IP geographical database) solution to help you to identify visitor's geographical location from ip address, i.e. country, region, city, ISP information using IP address lookup database and technology without invading the Internet user's privacy.
How accurate is Your IP GeoLocation?
The IP GeoLocation database has over 98% of accuracy in country and ISP level, 75% in region level and 63% in city level.
3166 country codes
The Country Codes list states the country names (official short names in English) in alphabetical order as given in ISO 3166-1 and the corresponding ISO 3166-1-alpha-2 code elements. This Country Codes list is updated whenever a change to the official code list in ISO 3166-1 is effected by the ISO 3166/MA. It lists 248 official short names and code elements.
Copyright ©2001-2012 IP2Country.net All rights reserved.
