Email Print
Yahoo! Privacy
To find out how Yahoo! treats your personal information, please visit our Privacy Policy . This page describes current Yahoo! practices with respect to this product. Information on this page may change as Yahoo! adds or removes features.
Relevant Advertising
By bringing content and advertising to you that is relevant and tailored to your interests, Yahoo! provides a more compelling online experience. Our customized "smart" services save you time and cut through the clutter. Learn More about relevant advertising .
Opt-Out
Prefer not to receive advertising based on your interests? Learn about your ability to opt out of interest-matched advertising served by Yahoo!.
IP Address
When your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from another computer on the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information. This is called your computer's "IP address." (IP stands for "Internet protocol.") For most users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider (ISP), the IP address will be different every time you log on.
Information Collection and Use Practices
Yahoo! receives IP addresses from all users because this information is automatically reported by your browser each time you view a web page.
Your IP address is also stored in our user registration databases when you register with Yahoo!.
IP addresses may be used for various purposes, including to:
Diagnose service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP.
Send the most appropriate advertising based on geographic area or information derived from your IP address. Many IP addresses are commonly associated with Internet service providers, universities, or major corporations in specific regions or localities.
Aggregate information derived from IP addresses may also be reported to advertisers.
Estimate the total number of users visiting Yahoo! from specific countries or regions of the world.
Assist merchants in Yahoo! Stores and Yahoo! Shopping to track visits to and business at their stores.
Help determine which users have access privileges to certain content that we host.
Other
When a Yahoo! web page is requested and viewed, that request is logged on our servers with information including the IP address of the computer that requested the page.
Yahoo! Mail includes IP addresses in outgoing mail message headers, as specified by standard Internet protocol.
Yahoo! Messenger sometimes uses a peer-to-peer connection during its operation, including times when you may be using it for instant messaging (text conversations), file sharing and webcam streaming. Peer-to-peer means that your computer connects directly to the other user's computer in the conversation without needing to go through Yahoo! servers. As such, your IP address is available to users you share a peer-to-peer connection with.
Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All Rights Reserved.
