© Copyright 2009 Reverse-ip-search.info. All        Rights Reserved.
Why You Would Do a Reverse IP Search - Some Insight
--- Using Reverse IP to find rogue emails and blog posts ---
Many people find the whole concept of computer connections very daunting and confusing. In reality it is quite a simple process once it is broken down. For example, you may here the phrase 'reverse ip search'. This is basically a locate for where the originating message came from. Once you know the logic involved, it all suddenly becomes very easy.
An IP address...
...Is in reality a series of numerical components that point to where in the world that particular computer or server is, and what network it uses. The actual IP address itself comprises four numbers between 0 to 255 separated with periods. Instead of typing a web address, you can also enter the IP address in the address bar of the browser window, and it will take you to the same website.
Being able to track a remote IP using a reverse search is very useful for a number of reasons. A reverse IP address lookup can be for spam prevention, blocking emails that don't originate from a valid domain name. Email recipients can display the complete header information attached to the mail, and use it to locate its source. When email becomes a nuisance or vindictive, anybody can back track the communication to its source. Most email systems have a click button whilst displaying an individual email that will show all header information. Once this is clicked, a whole list of extra information is shown. Use the "received from" IP address and this becomes the source of the email.
Many people who have blogs are able to track IP addresses of their subscriber lists. This can give them an idea where geographically their readers come from. It then further enables targeting of that location with sales copy and specific regional information. You can also find out where a domain name is for a hacker, who is trying to break through to your firewall.
There are many ways to do a reverse ip search, most of them involving a number of dos commands or multiple searches from a search engine. The idea is to first track back to the internet service provider (ISP). Once you have the ISP, you can then track further from them to the actual owner of the IP. Very often, an email will come from a specific domain, doing a reverse check enables a listing of all domains on any particular server, thus allowing you to identify a list of potential suspects.
There are numerous spam filters on the market which block problematic emails and IP addresses, but what often happens is that a spammer will use a 'ghost' IP address and completely confuse the spam blocker. That is why obtaining the IP from the header gives a definitive IP address.
Reverse IP article from Ezine Articles
This site has access to a multitude of searches - not just Reverse IP lookups!
