American IP Address
Why should I get an American IP address? There are many advantages to obtaining an American IP and a virtual private network can provide all of them to you. There are many websites that are not accessible by any means besides certain IP’s. Netflix,Hulu as well as certain Youtube videos are only accessible on an American server.
There are also whole businesses who operate with software that flag traffic as spam simply because of where it is generated. If you want both what American media has to provide as well as have access to American markets then a VPN is for you. If you want to access some of the best American media and you are outside of the United States then it is necessary to get the proper network. As long as these providers of content are supplying you feel confident in knowing that you can access it. Watch Netflix movies in several different languages.
If you’re traveling overseas you don’t have to leave your Netflix account at home. Take it with you.  Imagine never having to miss an episode of your favorite show. No matter what airport you are stuck in, no matter what hotel you are  sleeping in tonight, you can have the same entertainment experience as you would at home. If you live outside the United States and are frustrated with the selection of entertainment that you are provided with, a virtual private network would be highly recommended.
Netflix, Hulu and Pandora provide more than just the big box-office smashes and hits  that are the only thing that make it across the sea. Hulu provides not just what is currently on the air right now but many cult classics.  Some shows that you can only watch through their service. Netflix is the same way in that there are many movies and
television shows that they have on their streaming service that you can only watch through their site.
But you need to get an American IP address to access these movies and TV shows. If you have only seen a certain genre or popular series Netflix, offers the ability to watch it and more. There are many excellent  American Television shows that were canceled long before they became popular. Netflix airs many of them and most Americans only  find them through suggestions. Those who have never used their service because they aren’t in The US will be pleasantly  surprised.
Hulu works along these lines as well. The popular television provider for many hit television shows that are currently on the air as well as many that are only available through their service or DVD sales. You can find many television shows that were licensed exclusively  in America that were not
ever sent overseas because they didn’t sell. Pandora is for music what Netflix is for movies and Hulu is for  television. This way you can listen to your same service without a break in the stream when you’re traveling. Listen to complete artist  discographies, watch TV and Movies regardless of where your connection is from. There is no reason to feel homesick when you get an American IP address with a VPN.
 
Our Top Two recommended VPN services to get an American IP address
Recent Posts
