in: Change IP Address
Sometimes while surfing on the internet, we have to share our personal information and in some cases, it is not a very good idea to do so. This is because it may result in some cyber-crime or information you shared can be misused (usually sold to advertisers) by the host website.
Or there of course spam which can come from anywhere and everywhere these days. So the best way to avoid this situation is to change your IP address. I have done it many times and it is very easy to do . Depending on how you get a new IP address, you will probably be able to safely browse through different websites without losing your personal information. Here are a few tricks I’ve used to change my IP address.
Change my IP address; turn off your computer:
The first method I am going to share here is to switch off your computer for some time like, for 5 minutes. Pull all the cables of DSL (including the power cables) and leave your computer switched off for five minutes. After five minutes, restart your computer and its IP address might be automatically changed. In most cases it works very well but if after 5 minutes it is not changed, you can repeat this exercise for as many times it takes to have the desired effect.  Remember that your IP will still be able to be traced to your computer – it will just be different from before. If you are not getting a changed IP address even then, keep your computer switched off for at least eight hours. This will work in most cases
Change my IP address; contacting your ISP (internet service provider):
If the above solution is not working for you, the next step is to contact your ISP service and ask them to change your IP address. I did this to change my IP address once. They will change it. In some cases, it is not possible to change your IP by ISP or they refuse to change it because of their policies. If that is the case, ask them how much time you need to switch off your computer for automatically getting a changed IP address. 
Again this will get you a new IP, but you will still be held accountable for what you do with this IP.  This is not anonymous surfing.  This and the above method would work  well for some trying to download stuff and hit a bandwidth limit, or for someone who was banned from a site and would like to make a new account.  I’ve been (unfairly) banned from a forum for trolling before, and after changing my IP through my ISP I was able to make a new account and no one ever knew.
Change my IP address; getting a proxy or a VPN service
Another option is to get a subscription with a proxy or VPN.  Most people will have heard of proxies in one form or another, but VPNs tend to be less well-known.  Both work in a similar manner in that your web traffic is redirected to a server before communicating with web sites you access on the internet.  Your real IP is essentially “mixed” with other IPs in the server, making it impossible to trace your activity back to you.
Your then assigned a dynamic IP (meaning it changes every so often) with which you can surf the internet.  If you change your IP address with a proxy or VPN, It is of course possible to trace this IP to the server.  It is impossible however to trace it back to your true IP.  The main difference between a proxy and a VPN would be the extra layers of security (known as “encryption” and “tunneling” added to your traffic going to and coming from the server.
A virtual private network also gives you the liberty of accessing different websites like Netflix or Hulu or any other website which does not allow foreign IP addresses. In most cases, proxies will be detectable and blockable. With I’m in The UK and I change my IP address with a VPN, I’m able to access my Netflix account outside the US.
Another difference between the two is that a VPN requires installation, while a proxy does not.  This provides the advantage that your whole device will be encrypted and even software or applications you run on your computer or phone will be using the anonymous IP address.  A web based proxy requires no installation, which makes is more versatile (you can use it at work, school, home, and on your phone), but it means that only your web browser will be anonymous and secure with the new IP.
Our recommended web based proxy service is Securitales . Quick, secure, and simple. You can be surfing anonymously in about two minutes from hitting their web site.  Most of their IP addresses are in the US and UK. There’s also a FREE TRIA L and a 30 day money back guarantee. $6 / month for a year of service, and $8 / month for a two month service.
www.securitales.com
For a VPN service we can recommend two services – 12VPN is great for newbies – It’s simple to set up, they’ve got a friendly support staff,  there are VPN protocols for every device and OS you can think of, and there’s even a cheap US only service for those who aren’t worried about having an IP in Europe or Asia. It also comes with a 7 day money back guarantee, making it the perfect starter VPN service. The US only plan is $79 / year, and you’ve got the choice to upgrade to the World VPN service (with servers and IP addresses all over the world for $119 / Year
http://12vpn.com
and StrongVPN – They’ve got live support and a variety of VPN packages specific to each country. It may take a while to find just what you need, but that’s just because they have everything. Recommended for someone with a bit of experience with anonymous surfing.  People on live support are friend and helpful too.  They’ve also got servers in 35 countries which means there’s over 6000 IP addresses. Comes with a 7 day money back guarantee. $55 – $155 / year, depending on your device, length of contract, and other specifics of the package you order.
