Tags: anonymous surfing , best proxy , best vpn , change ip address , cheap proxy , Cheap VPN , free trial , hide ip address , hidemyass , IP address changing program , mask ip address , online security , proxy , securitales , virtual private network , vpn , web based proxy | Add comment
One of the most popular IP address changing programs is a virtual private networks (VPN). A VPN is not a program of itself. Rather, it is a network of computers and devices connected  through a secure connection, and under the protection of a firewall.  Connecting to this secure network of computers will in turn, make your online activities anonymous and protected.
About VPNs
VPNs are commonly used in businesses and institutions, as the connection they provide is very safe, often employing several types of security at once, including data encryption, tunneling protocols, and certificate verification. These features work together to ensure that data sent across the network remains difficult spy on and intercept.  VPNs for personal use are also gaining popularity, as advertising and government agencies get more invasive, and the need for private connections to the Internet grows.  Some people use VPNs to escape Internet censorship in countries like Iran and China, and some use them for pure entertainment -  this type of IP changing program can also bypass firewalls at work and school to get you on blocked websites.
Most VPN providers offer the ability to join their VPNs right through the Internet, because there's no extra hardware needed to connect to their IP changing program. Prices vary significantly, along with server location, methods of encryption, number of IP addresses available, and specific features of the VPN interface.
To get the most out of your IP address changing program,
you should look for these features:
Multiple server locations, including The US and The UK
Server in desired IP location
Free server switching
Money back guarantee
Appropriate VPN protocol for your Internet device (smart phone vs laptop)
These are pretty standard features, but are not necessarily available at all VPN providers.  Ask about which VPN protocol they recommend for you Internet device, but in general, smart phones will take L2TP and laptops will use OpenVPN.  You are by no means limited to these choices, but to simplify things for the new user, you can't go wrong with this.
Proxies VS VPNs
VPNs are not restricted to web browsing, like proxies are.  They work on all programs on your computer to allow anonymous surfing as well as anonymity for other programs that connect to the Internet.  This would include but not be limited to VoIP software such as Skype, instant messaging programs, file trading software, and online games.
Using a VPN as IP address changing program will also give you protection that a proxy cannot. While a proxy leaves many chances for identity thieves and spies to intercept your data en route to the proxy server, a secure tunnel from your phone/computer to the VPN server prevents this from happening. This is why any user looking for top-notch security should always choose a VPN connection over a proxy.
Anyone participating in online gaming or file transfers like P2P is better off with a VPN, as their connection is not only more secure, but also more reliable, and less likely to leak IP data and/or drop your connection.
However, for those looking for browsing ONLY IP address changing program, a proxy is not a bad choice. As an alternative to a VPN, a proxy server also acts as an intermediate between your computer and the websites you surf.  Though this type of IP address changing program is less secure that a VPN, it's still more secure than nothing at all!  Using a web based proxy can also be more convenient, because it requires no installation, and therefore once license can be used on a wide range of devices, in a wide range of places.  This is a perfect solution for someone trying to bypass firewalls at work and school, or other computers that they don't own.  Web based proxies will also work on your smart phone.
Recommended Services
As far as VPNs go, there are lots of good ones out there, but by far, the best package I've seen around is at Hide My Ass.  Their site is easy to navigate for newbies, but also offers lots of geeky tech stuff for those who are looking to customize their IP changing program.  They offer a lot of other cool stuff like a FREE proxy , anonymous email, and other anonymous surfing tools not available anywhere else. The best however, is their ProVPN package, which offers 160+ servers in 32 countries, and thousands of IP addresses.  Fast connection speeds, and a variety of VPN protocols available for just over $6 USD a month.  You'll have a hard time finding anything better than this.
Take a look at their official site at http://hidemyass.com
If you're looking for a web based proxy, the SecuriTales is the way to go.  HMA (above) does offer a free proxy, but with a paid service like SecuriTales you're going to get faster connection speeds, support, and a private link that can be reached from your email inbox. They also offer a FREE TRIAL and a 30 day money back guarantee, so there's not a whole lot that can go wrong.  After the free trial you'll be offered a 25% discount, which means you'll pay only $4.5 USD a month for this service.
Get started with their free trial at www.securitales.com
 
