Short "IP" EXPOSÉ
What is the purpose of an IP address ?
When computers are connected to the Internet, there is  naturally a need to have them distinguishable from all the other thousands and  thousands of computers online. This is where IP addresses come in. Each  computer that connects to the Internet will be assigned a unique connection  identifier: this is what we call the IP address. In an Internet café for  example, where there are typically several computers hooked up to a main  server, each of them will have its own unique IP address, as will the main  server.
 
Dynamic IP vs. Static IP
You should know that the IP address is not a user identifier. The current technology allows servers to assign dynamically new IP addresses to each reconnection, and this means that you won’t have necessarily the same IP address on each connection. This is what we call a dynamic connection. On the other hand, you have another technology that preaches the static connection. You might have guessed that this type of server assigns a static IP address to each user. The latter won’t give you the chance to change your IP address, unless you contact your ISP to ask for it. Each one of these technologies has advantages and inconveniences. When you have a dynamical connection, you will be on less risk to be traced and followed by websites, and get monitored. They won’t be able to identify you effortlessly. On the other hand, the static IP technology is mainly better when it gets to distanced and remote connections where you have to connect to a remote device that should have a unique IP. If the device changes IP each time it connects to the Internet, then you will have a hard time identifying the IP address to reconnect to the device.
 
What is the importance of the "Internet Protocol Address"?
Internet protocol address is the virtual address that contains information regarding the location of a certain device located somewhere in an internet network. It identifies the location where a particular activity comes from. Ip addresses are always visible to other users especially those that are running online communities such as online networking sites, e commerce sites and many more.
