Streaming News
 
If you are living in a country that has internet restrictions due to government regulations or geographic IP limitations, accessing these websites does not happen outright. You normally see messages like “this website is not available in your current location” or “IP address blocked from accessing the site.” When this happens, that’s when you end up asking yourself “how exactly can I access these web sites?”
Well, the simplest way is to get a US IP address. When the server reads the request coming from your computer, it scans the IP address that you are using and compares it with pre-defined limitations to verify if you are authorized to view the data. By having a US IP address, you are technically fooling the server into believing that you are based in the US and that all geographical IP limitations do not apply; hence, the data gets downloaded straight to your computer where you can now view it without limitations.
How to Get A US IP Address?
Having read all the main advantages of US IP address, its now time to learn how best to obtain a US IP address even if you are surfing the internet from somewhere else. There are so many free methods but most of them are insecure for your privacy and oftentimes have unreliable connections. Furthermore all  proxies  and free methods are detected by these US websites and they frequently ban these IPs so even if you occasionally gain access, you are bound to get blocked again at some later time.
So what is the best solution then? The only secure and reliable solution is to avail of VPN services which offer a US IP address. By purchasing  VPN connection , you can force your computer to use US IP addresses in order to gain access to all the mentioned services. VPN provides you with US ip address no matter where you are and as long as you stay connected with VPN, you computer will be treated as if it is running from within the United States. All the features of these streaming sites that were previously only for US citizens will also be available to you. Furthermore VPN keeps you safe from data theft and strengthens your privacy as well.
Top 5 US VPN Providers
Here is a table listing the top  VPN providers which offers US IP addresses. Essentially, this is the list you need when you want to find out the  Top VPN Providers of USA . Keep in mind that these  US VPN Providers  are rated and ranked in the TOP 5 list because of the number of servers they offer in different countries, outstanding quality of customer support, VPN features,  protocols  given, experience and consumer reviews.
Rank
