Nokia Phones (and other Symbian Devices)
So how exactly to you change your IP? With a Virtual Private Network.
The three VPN services featured here all have servers in the USA, which is a requirement to get and IP address from The USA.  We found that these services are fast, reliable, and won't break the bank.  They do however, each have unique features and different price plans, so check them out. Their sites do a much more in-depth job of speaking about the advantages of using their service, but in general, here's what we think
 
 
 
Hide My Ass – I started counting how many US locations Hide My Ass had and got bored. There are tons of locations in The US alone, which makes it perfect for getting a US IP address. Not only that, but along with US IP address, you get 26 other countries, including The UK, which is another popular IP location (ever heard of BBC iPlayer?).  Hide My Ass is VERY well priced (the cheapest of the three VPNs featured here. They've got free server switching, a forum, Live Support, and their VPN is super fast.  I thought for a long time about something negative to say about Hide My Ass.  Well, nothing comes to mind. Did I mention there's a 30 day money back guarantee?
12VPN – Very friendly staff, and it's the easiest to install of all the VPNs we've ever tried. Really, you can get it set up in about five minutes. Great for newbies.  Their US only server is great for people looking to get a US IP address, because there are about ten locations in the US, and free server switching.  This means you'll get the most out of your US IP experience. And by ordering the US Only service, you save a bunch of cash when compared to the World Service with servers all over the globe. Again, a great VPN for someone who doesn't really understand VPNs.
StrongVPN   – Probably the fastest of the VPNs we've tried, but it's a bit more expensive.  You've got to pay extra for server switching, and you're limited to how many times per month.  However speed is speed, and when you hate buffering times, paying a bit extra is totally worth it in the end.
 
Click here to check out last week's post
