Change IP address to USA
By Roderick Brenes on August 30th, 2011
If you are an active internet user and do a lot of browsing or watch online videos and movies then some time or another you must have faced restrictions from some websites which are banned for users outside The USA. For example, if you are sitting in Europe, Africa or Asia, than you are unable to access some online streaming websites like Hulu, Netflix, and other such online services.  There are even local news and information, as well as gaming sites that have similar restrictions. These online service providers are able to check your location – and block you from their website.
The need to change your IP address to a USA IP is not limited to entertainment, and very often, having a US IP can aid in business, banking, or other personal transactions.
How do they know where I am?
Their web servers are able to identify the location of the user by the IP address of their computer (or phone now too) and mainly.  As a means for geo-locating users, IP address is the main way to do this.
Can my IP address change to a USA IP?
Yes. You can change your IP address to a USA IP with two tools – proxies, and virtual private networks.
Changing the IP address of your phone or computer to a USA IP is a very easy thing. You can do it with the help of a VPN service or proxy service which has its servers in the USA. A USA based VPN or proxy has the ability to get your IP address changed to an IP address belonging to USA by rerouting your traffic through their USA server. These servers on USA soil, so when you redirect your traffic to the server, your original IP is stripped out of the data, and replaced with one of the hundreds of IP's available from the server. The site or user no longer sees your real IP, but the temporary US IP assigned to you by the VPN or proxy server.  These are the basics of how they work.
Proxies
Web based proxies are popular for a couple reasons.
No installation necessary
One license can be used in multiple locations
Usually cheaper that VPNs
Can be used in areas where PPTP or L2TP (VPN for mobile devices) are blocked
While they're less secure that VPNs, for general internet surfing, many people prefer the use of web based proxies. They're fast, versatile, and easy to get started.  As far a services go, I prefer Securitales .
Why?
