Why Is Winipcfg Not Found?
You will not be able to find winipcfg.exe on any version of Windows newer than Millennium Edition. This can be disconcerting if you are accustomed to working with the application in one version and find that you have to use a completely unfamiliar alternative in another. However, there is a Microsoft supported application very similar to winipcfg.exe that you can use on newer versions of Windows.
How to SMB Share in AndroXplorer
AndroXplorer can connect to and browse Windows shared folders using the SMB protocol. You can use AndroXplorer’s network-sharing feature to share files between your computer and Android devices over Wi-Fi. Add SMB shares to AndroXplorer’s Network folder and AndroXplorer will remember them for later; you can open AndroXplorer’s Network folder and tap a share’s name to browse shares you’ve added. AndroXplorer doesn’t automatically detect available SMB shares, so you’ll have to provide the IP address of the computer running the SMB share.
What Is Port 81?
Port 81 is an Internet socket port that the Internet Protocol Suite uses to establish host-to-host communications. These ports keep Internet connections organized and separated, and are set by the Transmission Control Protocol, or TCP. Some ports may also be set by the User Datagram Protocol, or UDP. Your IP address has 65,535 of each type of port, but most of them don't see use. Like Port 81, many Internet ports are used only when another port doesn't work properly.
A Description of Wins & DNS
WINS and DNS are name resolution services for networks to manage resources efficiently, while making the use of those resources easier. For instance, each server on the Internet is actually referenced by its Internet Protocol, or IP, address, rather than the www.someplace.com that users key into a browser address bar. Without WINS and DNS name resolution, users would have to remember long device names or addresses, and the Internet would not be what it is today.
How to Install a DEB on an iPhone
DEB files are application files that you can run on your iPhone. Those applications, unlike the traditional applications that you can purchase or download from iTunes, have not been approved or reviewed by Apple. You can install DEB applications on your iPhone by using a free program to browse through the phone's file system and uploading the file to a specific folder.
How to Use DD-WRT With Cox
Configure a DD-WRT router for Cox Cable Internet service by configuring DHCP and MAC address cloning on the router WAN interface.  The first network adapter connected to the Cox Cable Internet service is the only device that can connect to the service. However, configuring DD-WRT with the network adapter hardware or MAC address first connected to the service enables the DD-WRT router to work with the Cox Internet service. Use the DD-WRT Web administration interface to configure MAC address cloning and DHCP when connecting to a Cox Cable network.
Skipping Host Due to Host Timeout
Careful management of host-timeout periods balances network security needs with system accessibility for users. Query attempts due to an inactive host, or connecting during a timeout period, will result in network search tools skipping the failed host. Host timeouts can generate denied access and skipped host errors.
How to Log in Faster to an SRO Sever
If you are playing the SilkRoad Online massively multi-player online role-playing game, or MMORPG, then you will know the problems when trying to connect. The SRO servers are constantly busy and so some users have reported attempts to join the server for over six hours. There is a workaround that works sometimes, although it still depends on luck as well as the technique. This method involves waiting to log in with your user details until you know the quickest servers are available.
DNS Recursive vs. Iterative
The acronym "DNS" stands for the Domain Name System, which is also known as the Domain Name Service. The DNS translates between domain names and IP addresses. A domain name is a website address. An IP address is dictated by the Internet Protocol. It is a numeric identifier that specifically identifies every computer connected to the Internet. When a Web browser gets a request for a Web page, it first has to find out the underlying IP address for the given domain name. This discovery is managed by a DNS resolver. A recursive or iterative DNS query is executed by…
My Internet Keeps Saying Finding IP Address When I Have DSL
Your computer must have an IP address to connect to a DSL router. In most cases, that address is assigned by the router dynamic host configuration protocol. When this service is absent or is not configured on the network host, you must manually assign a compatible IP address to your network card to gain access to the network. The message, "Finding IP address" is an indication that your network device is not receiving an address from the host gateway.
How to Go on Multiplayer Alpha on "Minecraft"
If you want to play the independent building game "Minecraft" in multiplayer mode, then you can do so online. You connect to a multiplayer network by entering the Internet Protocol (IP) address or server name of a public or private server. "Minecraft," which has been in development since May 10, 2009, is still not in its final release mode, so you may find errors when playing the game. "Minecraft" lists a selection of public servers on its website.
How to Edit the Blocks in a Minecraft Texture Pack
"Minecraft" is a block-based computer game that allows players to construct massive and detailed buildings while collecting resources for survival and fighting off monsters. The game is supported by many third-party texture packs that serve to change the default look of the game into something more visually interesting. Sometimes, though, it's necessary to tweak these texture packs either for aesthetic or thematic desires. The look of all the game's blocks can be changed by manipulating the "terrain.png" file.
How to Make a Creeper Skin in "Minecraft"
Creepers are a notorious exploding enemy in "Minecraft," the mining and resource-gathering computer game from Swedish developer Mojang. Creepers, unlike zombies and skeletons, can remain active during the day and give the player near-constant harassment. Like almost everything else in Minecraft, the appearance of creepers can be changed by altering a graphic in an image-editing program.
The Differences Between the WD3200AAJB and the WD3200JBRTL
The WD3200AAJB and the WD3200JBRTL -- officially known as the Western Digital Caviar SE WD3200AAJB and the Western Digital Caviar Blue WD3200JBRTL, respectively -- are internal hard disk drives from Western Digital Corporation, a California-based company credited as the world's biggest HDD manufacturer. The WD3200AAJB and the WD3200JBRTL are identical in almost every aspect, although a few differences between the two make the WD3200AAJB a slightly better choice.
How Do I Get a Split Window on Mac Mail?
The Mac OS X operating system, which runs on all Apple desktop and laptop computers, includes an email application commonly referred to as Mac Mail. By default, Mac Mail displays a list of your mailboxes and subfolders on the left side of the window and a list of incoming messages on the right side. However, you can customize the look of Mac Mail with a split window view, so that a preview of the selected message appears in a separated section underneath the message list.
How to Configure an HP ProCurve 1700 for a Network
The HP ProCruve 1700 is a network switch designed for medium- to large-sized networks. With the HP ProCurve 1700, you can connect a series of computers, hubs and servers together to expand a network. After you have installed the device in a network, you need to configure the device for the network to access it properly.
The Structure of the IP Header
The IP header puts the address on the front of a data packet. A data packet is the structure that carries data around networks and across the Web. While data travels in the body of the packet, a series of headers assist the receiver to reassemble the data into its original format. The IP header is at the front of all other headers. It contains the source and destination address of the packet.
What Are the Functions of IP Header?
Data travels around networks in segments. These segments are transported in a structure called a packet. The packet has two sections: a body, where the data is contained; and a header. The header contains different sections, according to which protocols are involved in transporting the data. The most widespread protocol for transporting data across the Internet is the Internet Protocol. The IP goes at the front of all headers and is concerned with addressing.
What Is My Macbook's IP Address?
When you connect to the Internet with your MacBook, remote servers use the MacBook's IP address to send data to you, such as a Web page. You might be curious to know what IP address your MacBook uses. You can easily find it by accessing the MacBook's Network Services preferences settings window.
How to Bounce Yahoo Mail to a Mac Sender
You can divert unwanted email in your Yahoo! Mail account by using a function called "Bounce." If you bounce a message, it moves the email from your inbox to the trash and returns it to the sender, with an error-message saying that your account is not accepting incoming messages. If you have a Yahoo mail account and want to bounce a message from a Mac user, you can use the Mac Mail application.
How to Break Bedrock in "Minecraft"
"Minecraft" is a sandbox-style PC game that focuses on resource collection and structure building. Players collect resources such as wood and stone to craft tools; they then use these tools to gather more, usually better, resources that have greater durability and can better withstand enemy attacks. Blocks that are rare and difficult to obtain, such as diamond or obsidian are generally harder to destroy than more common blocks like sand, dirt and wood. Bedrock, sometimes referred to as "adminium," is the strongest block in the game. It exists at the bottom of the world to prevent players from "falling through"…
Age of Champion Tips on Facebook
Strategy games have been popular since the dawn of computer games. That popularity has translated to the latest trend in computing: social networking sites. Facebook has a variety of games that users can play in their Web browser. "Age of Champions" is one of them. This fantasy-strategy game allows users to recruit armies and go to war with other players. They will need to follow some strategies to achieve victory.
How to Install Minecraft Textures on Windows 7
Minecraft is a computer game that challenges you to build structures in a large sandbox-like environment with a variety of different building materials. According to the official website, more than 10.3 million users have registered to play the game as of 2011. Minecraft's default graphics are blocky, much like an older 8-bit computer game. Although some find these graphics charming, you may wish to change the game's appearance. Many amateur developers have created new graphics files for Minecraft called "texture packs." Download and install a texture pack to change the appearance of the game.
How to Sort Gmail
Like all email providers, Gmail allows you to store the messages you have received in your inbox. If you wish to sort these emails, Gmail provides you with a number of sorting options. Even if these options are not enough, however, you can sort your emails by keyword. If you want to sort your Gmail emails, you can do so in a few simple steps.
The Effect of DNS on DSL
Domain Name System servers convert website domain names, such as example.com, into Internet Protocol addresses like 192.0.43.10. This allows Internet users to enter easy-to-remember names rather than recalling long strings of numbers. Aside from this, the effect of DNS on DSL high-speed Internet access also relates to website access time, the configuration process, reliability and cost.
How to Connect to a ProCurve Switch
Ethernet switches allow multiple users to connect to a network and send information over the connection without clogging up the network. The switches work in a similar fashion to a router, but are better suited for handling a connection from numerous computers at one time. While networking equipment may seem intimidating and complex, connecting to a HP ProCurve switch takes only a minute or two.
How Do I See an IP Address on Chatroulette?
If you want to find out the Internet Protocol address of a user who you are connected to in Chatroulette, or any type of peer-to-peer server connection, you can use the netstat Command Prompt utility. Netstat scans all open connections between your computer and the Internet, so if you close everything but Chatroluette, you should be able to find out or at least narrow down the possibilities of that user's IP address.
How to Create a List of IPs in a CentOS Box
When you're maintaining a number of physical servers, each hosting multiple websites and mail servers, it can be useful to see a list of the IP addresses assigned to a particular server. If you are using CentOS or other Linux operating systems, such as Debian or Ubuntu, you can use the "ifconfig" command to view or change information relating to the installed network interfaces. By piping the output of the ifconfig command through grep, you can extract the IP address information to create a list.
How Do I Do an IPCONFIG Release on a Mac?
Computers connected to the Internet must be properly configured to access other machines or the network. DHCP, or Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol, allows computers to be configured automatically, without the aid of a network administrator. IPCONFIG is a network tool for Microsoft Windows that enables a user to force a computer to update or release its network configuration information. Apple's Mac OS X operating system has a similar ability.
How to Reset Your Frontier IP Address
Resetting your Frontier Internet Protocol address is straightforward. Every time your DSL modem is rebooted, so is your IP address. Resetting your hardware helps clear its memory and will typically fix common connectivity issues. Most of the time the modem will have a new IP address assigned to it after rebooting, unless you've paid Frontier to have a static IP address. Static IP addresses are common for businesses.
How to Craft Sponges on "Minecraft"
Minecraft is a computer game from an independent developer, Markus Persson. It was released to the public as an alpha test and it progressed to a beta test near the end of 2010. Minecraft is, as of July 2011, slated for retail release in November 2011. Players change the game environment by breaking and harvesting resources within the game and using them to develop their world. There are also modifications available that allow players to add other elements to the game. One modification is sponges, which players can place to absorb water. This makes it easier to build underwater bases.…
How to Get Rid of DNS in Ipconfig/Display
When you run the ipconfig command on Windows, it typically displays all connection information, including your IP address and DNS settings. You can remove your association with a DNS server by running the release command within the command prompt. This terminates your activity with the DNS system
How to Track Who Is Looking at Your MySpace
MySpace is a strong competitor in the world of social networking sites. As a user you may be interested in knowing who visits your profile. To track who is looking at your MySpace, paste a tracking code into your profile that through a third-party site provides you with information about your visitors. You can learn not only who visits your page, but also specific times and browser information.
How to Use the Command Prompt to Chat
When you think of the Command Prompt, online chatting with your friends probably doesn't come to mind. The Command Prompt serves as an entry point for typing Microsoft Disk Operating System commands. This allows you to execute system tasks without using the Windows graphical interface. Yet, the Command Prompt can also provide an interface for chatting with friends and family. The procedure to turn the Command Prompt into an instant messenger is short and simple.
Age Population of Facebook
Hundreds of millions of people worldwide use Facebook to connect with their friends and colleagues, and a growing number of those are middle aged people, according to the Pew Research Center's Internet & American Life Project. In fact, those over the age of 45 are the fastest growing segment of Facebook users, and are a major factor in the social networking site's rapid growth in popularity, according to Mashable. Even though they are still outnumbered by young adults on Facebook, according to the Pew project, older users are using Facebook to find old friends and even seek support for illnesses,
How to Track an IP With AIM Chat
With AIM, you are able to chat with others who add you to their list of contacts. Every person chatting on the AIM platform has an IP address that identifies them on the Internet. The IP address links to certain information, such as a person's physical location, Internet provider, Web browser and type of computer the person operates. If necessary, you can track the IP address of one of your AIM contacts to learn information about the person with whom you are chatting.
How to Make "Minecraft" Full Screen
Normally, the world-creation game "Minecraft" is displayed in windowed mode. This means that while the game is still visible on-screen, you don't get the game at its full-screen potential. It is possible to change the size, however, by using Windows' built-in, full-screen mode to let your "Minecraft" game take control of all you see on your computer monitor.
How to Update "City Bus Simulator" to 1.4.1
"City Bus Simulator" is a PC game that allows users to drive a city bus. If you have an out-of-date version of "City Bus Simulator," you can update your game through the game's website. The program does not offer a button inside the application to automatically update the game. You will have to download the updated version of the game from the City Bus Simulator website.
How to Calculate Average Network Hops
In Internet Protocol (IP) computer networking, a network hop count refers to the number of routers an IP packet must pass through from the source router to the destination router. The Microsoft Windows operating system provides the command line software application "Tracert," with which you can calculate the number of network hops from your local network connection to a destination domain name or IP address.
How to Update the Firmware on a Procurve Switch
The ProCurve switch is an Ethernet switch that allows users to connect multiple computers to one Internet connection. The firmware on your ProCurve switch is what allows it to work properly. If you would like to update the firmware on your ProCurve switch, you can download the firmware from the HP website and install it on your system; you don't have to take your switch to HP to get the firmware updated. You can do it yourself with little hassle.
How to Make a Cape in "Minecraft"
"Minecraft" is a 3-D building game designed by an independent developer. The game, in open beta at the time of publication, was scheduled for retail release on Nov. 11, 2011. In "Minecraft," players are able to mine blocks, fight monsters, build any type of building, craft tools and weapons, or just explore. In addition to the basic game, players can add mods, or modifications, to the game to add new options. Finding, downloading and installing these modifications is a way to add variety to the game.
How to Stream a Webcam With VLC
The VLC media player is a free, open source media player that supports a variety of formats. It is written and distributed by the VideoLAN project. In addition, if you have a webcam you use, you can stream it live to the output of your choice. You will just have to enter your computer's IP address so that the player knows where to access the stream, then enter your output format.
How to Identify a Remote Computer
Remote computers are computers that allow users to connect from a remote connection. If you would like to identity the remote computer, there is not a better way to do it than through the Internet Protocol address.Instant messaging clients such as Yahoo Messenger, AIM, and Windows Live messenger will allow you connect directly with the remote computer. A direct connection is necessary so you aren't hacking the computer for the IP address. Once you connect with the computer, you can a simple command in the system's command prompt to trace the computer's IP.
Differences Between C & C++
The C++ programming language grew out of the C language, so the two have a great deal in common. The reason for the creation of C++, however, was to make improvements to the C language. The two languages vary in several important ways.
How to Give IP Addresses From My Belkin Wireless G Router
A Belkin router provides IP addresses to connected computers using the DHCP protocol. DHCP lets the router control IP addresses, so you do not need to manually configure any computer. The computer connects to the network, and the router handles IP addresses already used by other computers or expired addresses. You must enable DHCP on the Belkin router for the function to work properly.
How to Track IP Address From My Laptop
There are various reasons why you may need to track your IP address. For instance, many Web services require you to know your IP address to get tech support or play games on their site. When using your laptop for Internet marketing purposes you may also need to track your IP address to ensure that it hasn't been blocked on any lists. If your IP address gets blocked on any given list, marketing emails you send to email addresses associated to the list will not receive your emails. Tracking the IP address from your laptop is a user-friendly operation.
What Are ILO Servers?
ILO servers are HP ProLiant servers integrated with intelligent remote management processors for virtual presence. ILO is short for Integrated Lights-out. This technology is updated continually, and works only with certain server operating systems and client operating systems and browsers. HP often packages iLO with its Insight Control ProLiant server management software.
How to Track Someone by AIM
AOL Instant Messenger is a program that allows you to send and receive instant messages, or IMs, from people online. If you are trying to track the location of the person you are chatting with you can do so by obtaining his computer's IP address. A computer's IP address varies by its location and thus can provide you with an approximate location for the person you are chatting with on AIM.
How to Determine If All IP Addresses Connected
One or more software applications (e.g., Web browsers) running on a computer may initiate network connections to other servers. Each remote server is uniquely identified by its Internet Protocol (IP) address. At any given time, a user in the system can check which connections were established successfully and are still open. This information is essential to determine the current state of the applications that depend on them.
How to Send a File to an IP Address With Command Prompt
The File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is an Internet standard for downloading and uploading files from/to servers hosting data repositories. Modern operating systems include command-line FTP client software in their factory configurations. You can use a command prompt on your computer to send a local file to a remote server located at a known Internet Protocol (IP) address.
Differences Between the 5 Vistas
You need to know which of Microsoft Windows Vista's five versions to buy so you get the right features for your needs.  The best way know, is to examine the features and other capabilities that were added to and removed from Windows Vista Home Basic, Home Premium, Business, Ultimate and Enterprise.  Your will need to make the right decision, based on your budget, what functionality you need and the specifications of your computer.
How to Find Device's Mac Address in Linux
In the Linux operating system, each network interface for a protocol in the 802 family of standards has a unique Medium Access Control (MAC) address. The MAC address is encoded in the interface's hardware and, as such, it is impossible to change without physically replacing electronic components. Since the Internet communication protocols use MAC addresses to route messages to their ultimate destinations, the Linux networking stack needs to keep track of MAC addresses. You can find out the MAC address of any such device on your Linux computer.
How to Find an IP Address for AirPort Extreme
Every device connected to a network requires an IP address. Without an IP address, other devices cannot communicate with the device although the device may be physically connected. The same goes for wireless access points and routers such as the AirPort Extreme. If you are able to access the device or even use the device to connect to the Internet, then the device has an IP address. As long as you are connected to the AirPort Extreme, you can find its IP.
How to Find Someone's IP Address With Windows Live Email
Live Mail is a free email client created by Microsoft for the Windows family of operating systems. Live Mail is the successor of Outlook Express. Although Live Mail has run on Windows since Vista, its use became more widespread on Windows 7. Among other features, Live Mail allows you to look at the full headers of an incoming email. In particular, some email servers include the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the sender computer in one of those headers.
How to Count Ping Reply Time
In a network environment, the Ping command line utility is used to test connectivity between devices on the network. Ping sends a packet of data from a computer to the device and checks that the device can be contacted, and if so, measures the amount of time it takes for the data packet to be received. If this time lag is too great, it may indicate problems with the network cabling or the network devices.
How to Change the Network Adapter for "Age of Empires 2"
Games like Age of Empires 2 use the network card installed on your computer that has the highest priority. While playing Age of Empires, if your receive an error that prompts you to change the network adapter, you must do so in order to continue playing the PC-based popular strategy game. Note that you may require administrative rights to change the priority of your network adapters.
How to Write Letters in Minecraft
"Minecraft" is an open-world PC game designed around the concepts of free building, mining for resources, and imaginative creativity. One of the cool features of the multiplayer portion of the game is the messaging feature, which allows players to type letters on their keyboard that will then appear in their friends' "Minecraft" windows. The letter-typing feature is started with a single keyboard keystroke.
How to Import Maps Into Minecraft
Minecraft is an independent sandbox game developed by Markus Persson. A sandbox game allows a large amount of freedom with the gameplay. You can mine minerals, craft armor, weapons and tools, construct buildings and create entire worlds in Minecraft. Each world (called a "map") is stored as a directory in the Windows program application file directory. If you've downloaded a Minecraft map from the Internet, you can play it by replacing one of your single player maps. This allows you to import the map into Minecraft and play it as if it were created by you.
How to Search for Duplicate Content Using Advanced Google Command
There are many steps that you can take using the Google search engine to locate duplicate content. When someone steals your work, not only does it allow a potential competitor to benefit from your hard work, but it can hurt your site's ranking as well. Locating this duplicate content is a powerful first step to restoring maximum value to your unique tutorials, website copy and blog entries. Use Google to locate duplicate content in a few simple steps.
How to Sort Mail by Sender in Gmail
Gmail is a widely used Web-based email service available free. It features a variety of tools designed to help users organize their email with ease, such as labels, filters, the archive feature and a Google-powered search bar. If you are looking at a large, unruly inbox list, one of the things you might like to do is sort it to find messages from certain senders. While you can't reorder the email list in Gmail, you can easily sort out all the messages to or from a certain person with its search tool.
How to Track an IP Address in AOL Chat
AIM is an instant messaging service from AOL. Many people use AIM to stay in touch with friends and family over an Internet connection. If somebody is being inappropriate to you on AIM, you can trace his IP address. The IP address is a tell-all component of a computer because it gives the exact location of where the person is logged into AIM. Once you have traced his IP address, you can report him to AOL.
Lexmark T644 Installation
The Lexmark T644 is a heavy-duty, high-volume laser printer designed for medium to large offices that need a fast network-capable printer. With print speeds up to 50 pages per minute and multiple connectivity options, the T644 is compatible with most operating and network systems. Windows 7 makes installing the Lexmark T644 to a standalone computer or Windows network relatively simple. Regardless of the method you use to install the T644 in Windows, you can set up and share the printer within a matter of minutes.
How to Renew Ipconfig
The ipconfig is a Windows command-line tool that's used for configuring the computer's IP address. Computers usually have different ways of connecting to the network or the Internet, such as local area network or wireless connections. These connections typically involve connecting to a Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol server, which assigns available IP addresses to computers trying to connect to it. Sometimes, a computer has to renew an IP address from the DHCP server because the old one may not be valid anymore, or it has been assigned to another computer.
How to Find Out My IP & Subnet Mask Address for My Belkin Wireless Router
Belkin routers are made to share a single, high-speed Internet connection such as cable or DSL. Belkin routers feature two sets of ports, a single "Internet" or "WAN" port and four "LAN" switch ports. The Internet connection device connects to the "Internet" or "WAN" port and the Belkin router receives an IP address and subnet mask from the Internet connection device. You can find out your IP address and subnet mask by logging into the Belkin wireless router's Web-based configuration interface.
How to Make a "Minecraft" Alpha Server
"Minecraft" is an open-world computer game designed entirely using the JavaScript programming language. In "Minecraft," you play as a first- or third-person character (your choice) dropped in the middle of a fully undeveloped world. Though there is a single-player component to the game that does not require a dedicated server, if you want to play the game with friends, you must create and run a "Minecraft" server from your computer.
How to Find a Password in Ubuntu
Many computer programs, Internet sites, email accounts and wireless networks require that you use a password to access them. For proper security, you should not use the same password for everything; you should have multiple passwords. However, with multiple passwords, you can easily forget your password for a particular program. Ubuntu has a password manager that you can use to retrieve your passwords.
How to Find the Country of an IP Address Using Excel
Every device that connects to the Internet is assigned an IP, or Internet Protocol,  address. The IP address consists of numbers that determine the identity of the device and the country where the connection originated. Knowing the country of an IP address can be useful for website administrators who wish to compile reports based on the number of worldwide hits. Finding the country of an IP address can be done using Microsoft Excel's built in filtering tools.
How to See the IP Address of an Email
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a unique number assigned to each computer connected to the Internet. Sometimes it's useful to know the IP address from which an email was sent; for instance, you'll need this information if you want to file a spam complaint or report email harassment. The IP address is included in the message headers, which appear at the top of every email message and contain text information about the message and its movement across the Internet. Most headers do not display in email clients, as they are not usually necessary and can be distracting. You can…
How to Find a Mac IP Address in Sabayon Linux
Each network adapter on each computer has a unique Medium Access Control (MAC) address in its hardware; this address never changes. In addition to that, each adapter receives an Internet Protocol (IP) address whenever it connects to a network; the IP address has a limited duration, depending on the network's configuration. You can use your computer running Sabayon Linux (a distribution belonging to the Gentoo family) to find the IP address of the computer that has a given MAC address.
How to Set Up a Minecraft SMP Server
Mojang's free-roaming building game Minecraft includes both single player and multiplayer modes. SMP, or Survival Multiplayer allows users to collaborate on constructions and explore the world together. Setting up a server requires a separate server program, which downloads for free from Mojang's website.
How to Run Network Repair From CMD
The command-line interface for Microsoft Windows is accessible through the "Command Prompt" utility in the "Accessories" folder. The command prompt is particularly useful for network diagnostics and repair. For example, you can issue the "ping" command from the command prompt to test for and verify network connectivity. You can issue commands to repair the Windows networking from the command prompt instead of using the built-in diagnostic wizards that sometime provide less information than the command line.
How to Find an IP Address With HTML
You may find it useful in Web programming to know the IP addresses of the visitors to your website. HTML alone does not have the proper functions to find a visitor's IP address, but you may embed a PHP function in your HTML code and use the two together to get IP addresses. Use the "getenv" function, which returns environment variables, such as the "REMOTE_ADDR" element, the IP address of the person viewing the HTML page.
How to Track an IP Address in PHP
Tracking Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of your web visitors is an important technique for validating sessions and gathering useful data about your users. PHP has a predefined variable for storing IP addresses that allows you to easily find the IP address of a visitor and then assign it to a variable or check it against another variable. This tutorial will show you how to track an IP address in PHP using the $_SERVER predefined variable.
How to Determine the IP Addresses Used on a Network
Setting up a wireless network in your home or office allows numerous computers to connect to the network at any given time. This allows numerous people to gain access to the Internet all at once. However. when customizing the settings of any external device connected to a router, such as a games console, you might need to find your IP address. This can be done using the Command Prompt program on your computer.
How to Find Out What Your Modem's IP Address Is
When you connect to the Internet, your Internet service provider assigns you an IP address. This unique address tells other computers where to send information so that you get the data you request. If you connect to the Internet through a modem, the IP address that other computers see is your modem's, not your computer's. You can find your modem's IP address with tools provided by Windows.
How Do I Find Public Facing IP Addresses on a Firewall?
A public facing IP address is the address that identifies your network and allows you to connect to your network from the Internet. Before you can make this connection, you must know your public facing IP (Internet Protocol) address. You can use free websites to view the IP address from a computer on your internal network.
Easiest Way to Find Your IP Address in Vista
Knowing the IP address currently assigned to your computer can make the network troubleshooting process more efficient. You can find your IP address and other connection information using the "ipconfig" command from the Command Prompt; however, the easiest way to find it is by using the Windows Vista Network and Sharing Center.
How to See the Mac Address of Other Computers on Your Network
Each network adapter has a unique Medium Access Control address encoded in its hardware. Networks use MAC addresses to route messages to their destinations, at the network physical layer. Because a Local Area Network can have only a limited number of computers, you can use the Nmap security scanner software to probe all possible Internet Protocol addresses and list the ones that are present at the time. For each IP address in use, Nmap will list the corresponding MAC address.
How to Find an IP Address on a Verizon Netbook
Verizon's netbooks are sold pre-configured for Verizon's mobile broadband wireless network, which is Internet access delivered via cell phone towers. You can access the Internet from anywhere with cell phone network access using a Verizon netbook and will be assigned a normal Internet Protocol address. An IP address is a unique series of numbers that's used to identify you on the network and is recorded by every website you visit.
How to Find a Mac Address in Unix
The 802 family of standards includes the protocols most widely used for computer networking, such as wired Ethernet and Wi-Fi. A network adapter for any of those protocols has a unique Medium Access Control, or MAC, address hard-coded into its firmware. MAC addresses are unique, and identify a participant in a network independently of other addressing schemes. When an operating system manages a network adapter, it typically exposes the adapter's MAC address. Find out the MAC addresses of your adapters using Unix commands.
How to Find Out the IP of Your Email Server
Email servers are usually referred to by Fully Qualified Domain Name because they are easier to remember and more user friendly than email server IP addresses. However, troubleshooting email problems or configuring limited feature email client software may require the email server IP address instead. Use networking tools included with Windows 7 to find the IP address of your email server.
How to Find Out Who an IP Address Is Assigned To
Every website and network that is connected to the Internet is assigned an Internet Protocol (IP) address. In most cases, the site or network's Internet Service Provider (ISP) has control of a block of IP addresses, leased from ARIN, the American Registry for Internet Numbers. The ISP then assigns one of the IPs to the server location for a website, or to the customer's router for a network. In order to find out to whom an IP address has been assigned, you can query the ARIN database.
How to Find My Minecraft Server IP
The free-form Indie hit Minecraft presents players with a vast, procedurally generated world of blocks to destroy and build at will. The game's multiplayer mode allows you to cooperate to build grand structures or compete to raze your friends' castles to the ground. Since Minecraft lacks connection features such as a server browser or friend finder common to some other PC games, you'll need to give your server's IP address to anyone trying to connect. Use your operating system's configuration settings to find your IP, or use a third-party website.
How to Find My Computer's IP Address to Allow Remote Log-In Not on the Same Network
A computer needs an Internet Protocol address to connect to the Internet. The IP address is what identifies a computer in the Internet. Remote connection or remote access is possible as long as the IP address is known, there are no firewalls enabled and remote connection is enabled. A computer must be permitted to connect to another computer and give the IP address. They don't have to be in the same network as long as a remote desktop connection is enabled. Your computer's system properties have a check box to allow other computers to connect remotely.
How to Find the IP Address for Dial-Up
A dial-up network uses a computer modem and a telephone system to connect to the Internet. The modem is responsible for translating signals between the computer and the telephone system. When a dial-up connection is made, the computer connects to an internet service provider (ISP) and the ISP automatically provides the computer a dynamic IP address. When a user disconnects and reconnects, the ISP may provide the computer a different IP address.
How to Calculate a Submask
Creating a subnetwork is a way to dividing a large network into multiple smaller networks. This can make network administration more convenient and logical. For example, an office may put all the customer service computers on one subnetwork, and all the engineering computers on another. All of the computers in a subnet have an identical sequence of numbers in part of their Internet Protocol address. This is called the network prefix. You can calculate the subnet mask if you know the network prefix.
How to Find My Ethernet IP Address
Although they are sometimes confused, the Ethernet address and the IP address are two different things. An Ethernet address is a built-in connection in a computer that never changes, whereas an IP address is prone to changing, particularly if you are using a laptop. The IP address depends on the location where you are connecting to the Internet. However, once you locate the Ethernet address, you can know this address will never change.
How to Find a Home Address From an IP Address
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a string of digits separated by periods, which represents a router's connection to the Internet. Each computer or server connects via a router, which signifies the virtual location online. Therefore, there is some information you can gather from an IP address using a WHOIS search. This method does not always deliver results detailing home addresses; it depends on various factors such as the ISP or the Web host, the privacy settings, and the type of connection.
How to Find the IP Address of My Book World
If you want to perform advanced diagnostics, network communication or other troubleshooting to your Western Digital My Book World, you need to know the IP address of the device. While you can access your My Book World without knowing the IP address, you need the address to have control when accessing it with network administration tools. The IP address is displayed, and can be changed if necessary, in the main configuration panel.
How to Turn on Ping for Windows Vista Computers
The Windows Vista operating system includes several network troubleshooting tools such as TraceRoute, IPConfig and Ping. No need to turn on Ping or any of the other tools because they are pre-installed with the operating system. The problem with running the tools is that the "Path" and "Environment" variables for the operating system are not set correctly by default in Vista. Moreover, correcting the paths often does not correct the issue. Run Ping from the System32 directory to bypass this issue.
How to Change Your Local IP
Anytime you browse online or enter information, websites save and track the input based on your IP address, which may lead to location information as well as personal details (if using unsafe websites). Changing your computer's local IP address will refresh your identity online, giving you a new IP each time you visit a website, rather than storing all of your Internet activity from one IP address.
How to Find out If Someone Has Hacked Your Network
Each computer on a local area network, or LAN, needs to have a unique Internet Protocol (IP) address to be able to use the network for any form of communication. This includes both authorized and unauthorized users of the network. A hacker may get into your network by exploiting a software vulnerability, by convincing a legitimate network user to perform unsafe actions or by gaining physical access. Wireless installations bring up the possibility of hackers joining the networks without even being physically present, as radio signals are broadcast in all directions. You can find out if unauthorized users are in…
How to Find the Internal IP of an External Web Address
Websites generally have two forms of address. One is the familiar address most of us use, such as example.com, which consists of letters, numbers and dashes and end in a domain extension such as .com or .edu. The second is the Internet Protocol address, a strictly numerical representation of a site's address. The internal IP address appears in dotted-quad format, for example, 172.16.254.1. You can find the IP address of a website with your computer's ping feature.
How to Find the Mac Address Without Ipconfig
All network adapters based on the Ethernet networking standard, including wireless cards, have an unchanging hardware address called a Media Access Control, or MAC, address, which is a 48-bit hexadecimal number that is globally unique for each Ethernet network adapter. The first 24 bits represent the Ethernet card manufacturer, and the second 24 bits represent an individual unique number generated by the manufacturer. You can find the MAC address of an Ethernet card through Windows without using the "ipconfig" command.
How to Find My IP on a MacBook
An Internet Protocol, or IP, address is a unique string of numbers that identifies each device connected to the Internet. On Mac computers, your computer's IP address is visible in System Preferences. The IP address can change, however, depending on what type of connection you have and whether the computer is hooked up directly to a modem.
How to Check a Link in Linux
In the Linux operating system, each communication link is represented by a network interface. Network interfaces are in-memory representations of connections usable by applications running on the operating system; interfaces can be virtual, or correspond to a physical network adapter, and there can be multiple interfaces for the same adapter. Applications that depend on network communication can fail if the links are not up and correctly configured while the applications execute. You can check if a link is up on your Linux computer.
How to Port Forward PS3 Netgear
When a computer connected to the Internet sends data to external Internet Protocol addresses on your router, port forwarding tells this router what to do with the data or sends it to a specific computer on a Local Area Network, also known as "LAN." When you have port forwarding rules set, your computer takes data from external IP addresses and converts them to an internal IP address. Netgear routers support all common applications along with the PlayStation 3 gaming console. If you receive messages from the game asking you to forward a port or change automatic IP address to manual,…
How to Install NetGear DG834 Firmware
NetGear DG834 is a wireless Internet router that you can connect to a cable modem. Your computer needs to have the DG834 firmware installed. If it doesn't install this automatically when you try to connect, you can do it manually from the NetGear website.
How to Find Accurate Results From an IP Address
IP addresses are the addresses assigned to computers when they connect to the Internet or a local network. Web URLs are shortcuts for an IP address of a website's server. With an IP address, you can find the route that your computer connection takes to reach that IP address. This is useful if a website appears to be down and you do not know why. It also is useful for discovering response times. Tracing this route displays all response results of the IP address.
How to Release an IP Address in Windows Vista
An IP address acts as an identification number for your computer when you are connected to the Internet. Some service providers give users dynamic IP addresses that change periodically. If you release your current IP address, you may receive a new IP address when you renew your address. If you want to attempt to change your IP address or if you have problems connecting to the Internet, you can release and renew your IP address.
How to Trace an IP Address From a Sender
You can trace an IP (Internet Protocol) address from a sender using the message header of an email. The message header contains a host of information about the email. It shows the sender and receiver email addresses, the mail servers that routed the email, any attachments found in the email, date sent and received and the type of email sent -- plain text or HTML. There are several IP addresses found in a message header, which correspond to the different mail servers that routed the email and the sender's computer's IP address.
How to Find What Is at an IP Address
Discovering the information behind an IP (Internet Protocol) address isn't as difficult as it seems. Every legally registered IP address has information publicly available that anyone can access. Some registrations are private, so you won't be able to directly see the registrant's information, but you'll be able to see the company that registered the IP for them. This is often the case for everyday Internet users; their IPs are registered under the name of their ISP (Internet Service Provider).
How to Find Out the Server IP Address
Microsoft Windows Server operating systems share many similarities with their desktop counterparts, including the ability to display a detailed command-line overview of their Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and IP configuration settings. These addresses are used to communicate with a computer and are required for contacting a server over the Internet.
How to Find a Device's IP Address on a Local Network
When looking for the IP address of a device or computer in the network, you at least need the host name of the device. One way to look for the IP address is to use the "ping" command. This is a network communication tool that sends small data packets to another device to check its availability. If you ping the IP address, it returns a host name. If you ping the host name, it shows the IP address. It shows whether the device is connected to the network.
How to Find Your Public IP
Your public IP address is the series of numbers that identifies your computer to other systems on the Internet. Knowing your public IP address is important in setting up certain online programs, such as games or communication platforms, and can be used to troubleshoot a wide range of connection or software problems. Finding your IP is a simple and straightforward process.
How to Use Command Prompt in Windows Vista to Find an IP Address
The Microsoft Windows operating system contains a command utility program that can be used to perform a number of commands.  The command utility is normally used by system administrators and technicians for executing commands, scripts, services and applications. You can also use the command prompt to find out your computer's IP Address. An IP Address is a special number assigned to each individual computer on a network. Finding your IP Address in Vista is easy and takes just a few steps.
How to Display IP Addresses on a Network
Every Local Area Network (LAN) of computers assigns a unique Internet Protocol (IP) address to each computer connected to it. All those addresses fall within the same interval of the global IP address space; each LAN is configured to use a specific such interval. However, some addresses will be unused at any given time. You can display the IP addresses currently present in your LAN.
How to Find an IP Address if I Have a MAC ID
Computers connect to networks by using network adapters. Each network adapter has a Medium Access Control (MAC) address hardwired in its hardware. MAC addresses are unique world-wide, so a MAC address can be seen as a unique ID for a network adapter. At the Internet Protocol (IP) level, each computer connected to a network has an IP address. You can use Nmap, a security scanner application, to find out the current IP address of the computer whose MAC address you know.
How Do I Find an IP Address From Yahoo Mail?
Yahoo! Mail is a service that provides email hosting over the Internet. In Yahoo! Mail, user can create a new email address. Emails sent to that address are stored in Yahoo! servers until the user explicitly deletes them. For security purposes and to prevent abuse, Yahoo! Mail tags each outgoing email with the Internet Protocol (IP) address of its sender. The IP address (possibly with additional information from the sender's Internet Service Provider) identifies the sender. You can find the IP address from which a Yahoo! Mail email was sent.
How to Find a URL From the IP
Every website on the internet is identified by a name (called a URL, or Universal Resource Locator) and a numerical address, called an IP (internet protocol) address. An IP address is a 32-bit decimal number formatted by a dotted syntax. When you type a website's URL into a browser, the browser uses a reference service to find the website's corresponding IP address. If you don't know the website's URL, only its IP address, you can easily determine the actual name of the website by following these 3 steps.
How to Find Someone Else's Host
Web hosts are service providers that host content on the Internet. Although some website owners provide their own hosting, commercial web hosts house the majority of sites. Sometimes it is necessary to know what company hosts a website for a variety of reasons such as reporting abuse, or if you are looking for a new host yourself. Fortunately, it only takes a few minutes of work to find someone else's host.
How to Find the IP Address on a Gateway Computer
Every computer connected to a local network or the Internet has an Internet Protocol address. This IP address consists of a series of numbers. Other computers recognize the IP address and use it to determine which computer to send information to. If you have a Gateway computer, you can find your computer's IP address by using tools built into Windows.
How to Get Proxy IPs
A proxy server is a computer that acts as a gateway to the Internet. It helps to filter and direct traffic and is generally setup by a network administrator. In some cases it can be used to speed up Internet browsing by caching pages that are viewed often onto server. If you would like to find out the proxy IP (Internet protocol) address all you need to do is use the "Ping" command.
Finding the IP Address, Subnet Mask & Gateway on a Windows Vista Computer
Network adapters on Windows Vista must obtain a few pieces of information to become active. The first is the Internet Protocol address. This address is like a postal address and is used to send and receive information on the network. The subnet mask is used to segment the computer into a virtual local area network. It defines a range of IP addresses the computer may use and is used in networking to group the computer into a virtual network. The gateway is an IP address of a network device, such as a router, which receives all communication from the computer…
How do I Find a Computer IP Address Remotely?
To discover a remote machine's IP address, all you need to do is identify its connection with the local machine. While this sounds easy, it can be a difficult process since so many things we use to connect with other machines, such as instant messaging applications or social networking websites, work through relays. To get the user's actual IP address you need to establish a direct connection, then pick out their connection using the "netstat" command available on most operating systems.
How to Obtain the IP Address of a Website
Each website on the Internet has a unique IP (Internet Protocol) address.  This is the numerical address used to locate a device over a network.  The IP address is actually used to locate the Web server on which the website resides. When you type an address, such as "www.example.com," into a Web browser address bar, it is sent to a DNS (Domain Name System) server to be translated into the correct IP address.  You can find the IP address yourself using the "Ping" command or looking up the domain name on the WhoIs website.
How to Find Your Internal & External IP Addresses
Just like your home address allows information to flow to and from your family, an Internet Protocol (IP) address makes possible the information flow between computers. Internal IP addresses allow local computers to communicate between themselves; external IP addresses allow your device to communicate over the Internet. You will want to know your IP address(es) to link computers in your own network, including hand-held devices such as iPhones.
How Do I Find the IP Address for a Printer?
Originally printers were directly connected to a single computer and not accessible from other computers. More recent print spooler software allowed other hosts to submit print jobs by having them communicate with a server process running on the computer attached to the printer. However, today's printers are not connected to any computer; they are one more node in the network, and can accept requests from anybody with the right permissions and without the need for any intermediaries. Find the Internet protocol, or IP, addresses of all printers on your local area network, or LAN, in order to configure your computer…
The Disadvantages of Mobile Internet
Mobile phones have become increasingly sophisticated. Gone are the days when mobile phones were simply used for making calls. They've become all-encompassing gadgets able to play music and videos, games, read emails, take pictures and surf the Web. While mobile devices make things accessible and convenient, they have their share of drawbacks, especially when it comes to browsing the Internet.
How to Find the IP Address of a Local Printer in Vista
A printer network is created in order to share a local printer between user accounts. The local printer also has an IP address attached to it. If you're setting up a printer network, you can use the local printer's IP address to configure the printer connection. If you wish to find the IP address of a local printer in Vista, you can do so in a few clicks.
How Do I Check My Gateway IP on Windows Vista?
A gateway serves as an access point in a networking environment. Routers are commonly used to network various computers and peripherals together in a home or work environment. To configure the router, you need to access it via its Internet Protocol (IP) address. Although your router's manual will list its default IP address, you might be in a quandary if you changed the IP address or no longer have the router documentation. However, you can easily discover this default gateway IP address through Windows Vista's Command Prompt.
How to Find the IP Addresses of Remote Computers
A computer's IP address, or Internet Protocol address, is a unique identification number given to each computer connected to the Internet. The IP address identifies what computers are on the network and where they are located. Each IP address is translated into words, which are easier to memorize than a long string of numbers. Knowing the network name will give users the ability to find the IP address of any network.
How do I Find My IP Address on Windows ME?
Windows Millennium Edition was a version of Microsoft's flagship operating system released in 2000. It was the last version of the 9X series, based on the updated Windows 95 kernel. More current versions of Windows use a different set of commands to configure and query the status of the computer's networking subsystem. You can find out the IP address of your Windows ME computer.
How to Find an IP in DOS
The term "IP" stands for "Internet Protocol." This is a series of numbers that identifies the address where you're connecting to the Internet. Find your IP address in DOS by accessing a command prompt. The Windows operating system has a method for doing this via the "Start" menu.
How to Find an Email's IP Address
When you receive email, even from a person you know, you might not always get what you'd expect. Sometimes, the email might have been sent from another source than you would recognize. If you want to track down the source of an email, you'd best check the IP address the email came from, which identifies the computer that sent it. All emails in your inbox contain the source IP in the header.
How to Get a Website IP Address Through the Run Command
You can find the IP address of almost any website using the Run command. This is a very fast way to look up the address without having to use any special tools or websites. You don't even have to open Command Prompt before entering the necessary command. You may want to find the IP address of a website to find out more information about it. You can use the IP address you find with the Run command with one of many sites available online to find information such as the approximate location, ISP and connection type a site has.
How to Use SwitchProxy Tool 1.4.1
A proxy is a tool that hides your computer's IP address when you are online. Every computer has an IP address, which can be thought of as that computer's home address. If somebody gets your IP address, they can find your location and possibly other information about you that you may not want them to have. A proxy swaps your IP address out for a fake one. SwitchProxy Tool is a software plug-in for the Firefox Web browser. It allows you to manage all the proxies that you have installed on your computer and switch between them.
How Do I Find the IP Address If I Know the Mac Address?
Nmap is security scanner software for computer networks. It probes computers to identify their operating systems, live services and security vulnerabilities. Each computer connected to a network has a Medium Access Control (MAC) address hard-wired into its network adapter. Unlike Internet Protocol (IP) addresses--that can be dynamic--MAC addresses do not change. You can use Nmap to identify the current IP address of a computer whose MAC address you know.
How to Find Your IP Address on an Apple Laptop
When you connect your computer to a local network or to your modem, the computer is automatically assigned a unique network address commonly referred to as an Internet Protocol address, or IP address. Every Internet connection has a public IP address, and if you connect your Apple laptop directly to your modem, your public IP address will be assigned to your computer. However, if you connect your laptop to another connectivity device attached to your modem, such as a wireless router, the device will assign a separate, local IP address to help distinguish your computer from other connected devices. Finding…
How to Connect Two Servers With Different IP Addresses
For one computer to communicate with another, you need a description of how to traverse the network. Such directions are called routes, where one "route" is defined as a pair of addresses comprised of a "destination" and a "gateway". The address pair details that the route to a given destination is through a communication path to the specified gateway. There are three types of destinations: individual hosts, subnets and "default". The "default route" is used if none of the other routes apply. Connecting two servers with different IP addresses simply requires the introduction of the appropriate route.
How Do I Find an IP Address With a Domain Name?
Each domain name on the Internet is associated with an IP address. You can find any IP address associated with a domain name using the Windows command line. The Windows command line has a "ping" utility that displays the IP address associated with the Internet domain name. This feature lets you view the IP address without using any lookup websites or third-party applications.
How to Find a Server Name From an IP Address
When a server is connected to the Internet, it has both a server name (which may or may not be unique) and an IP address (which is unique to the server). If you want to figure out what the server name of the server is when you know the IP address, you can perform a reverse lookup with the Windows "ping" command that resolves host addresses to hostnames.
How to Use NMAP to List Unused IP Addresses
Nmap is a security scanner application that probes computers connected to a network to find out their characteristics, available services and security vulnerabilities. Every Local Area Network (LAN) uses a contiguous interval of the Internet Protocol (IP) address space. Each computer in the LAN must have an IP address within that interval; however, some IP addresses within that interval may be unused (for example, not assigned to any computer) at any given time. You can use Nmap to generate a list of the unused IP addresses.
How to Find IP Addresses in Emails
Every time an email appears in your inbox and you open it, you get much more information than the content within the body of the email. Emails contain important information about the origins of the email and who sent it. This information, essentially called an IP address, has two main purposes: network interface identification and location addressing. When searching for an IP address within the header, press the "Ctrl" key and the letter "F" at the same time to find what you're looking for quickly.
How to Find the IP Address in a Unix or Linux System
The Linux and Unix operating systems both use the "ifconfig" command to configure network interfaces.  Network interfaces include any hardware that attaches to the network, including Ethernet or wireless cards.  The Internet Protocol, or IP, address is the unique number given to each interface on the network.  Most home computers only have one network interface, while servers can have multiple network interfaces, each with a unique IP address, in a single computer.
How to Find an Internet Connection Address
The string of numbers that identify your connection to the Web is the Internet protocol (IP) address. This address is like the telephone number that people use to contact other callers. When you bring up a Web page or use a search engine, the IP address helps the website know how to get the information back to your Internet browser on the computer. Also, users can make direct connections between computers to share information. If you have a Windows operating system, you can easily find the IP address currently assigned to the PC.
How Do I Find My Windows Server IP Address?
When your Windows Server is set up on a local network or it is directly connected to the web, an IP address is assigned to the computer. You can find out what this IP address is by running a command in the server's command prompt window.
How to Set Up Home Networks With Static IPs
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses are implemented in computer networks to identify devices on the network. Routers are responsible for giving IP addresses to devices within local networks, such as a home or business network. Routers generally assign these IP addresses through a first-come, first-serve system called DHCP. Manually assigning IP addresses to devices on a network can reduce the possibility of unwelcome devices connecting to the network. Manually assigned IP addresses that do not change when a device is disconnected are called static IP addresses. Static IP addresses must be enabled and assigned in a router's internal settings.
How to Find Out Where My IP Address Is Routed From
The Internet works by each connected computer having an IP address assigned to it, usually by a router. Routers act as central connection points across the Internet and move data between each other until the destination computer is reached. Discovering the IP address of the router your computer is directly connected to lets you know where the IP address assigned to your computer's network card is routed from.
How to Find Where an IP Address Is From
Every device that connects to the Internet is given a numerical identifier known as an IP address. While IP addresses aren't always static, and they can be spoofed or disguised using various proxy websites or software, often you can use an IP address to identify the general location of the originating computer, as well as its Internet service provider. Knowing where an IP address hails from proves useful when somebody hacks into your email account or attempts to hack your computer or web server.
How do I Find a Computer by IP Address?
Each computer on a network is assigned an IP address. You can use this IP address to find the computer and identify its host name on your network. You use the "ping" command line utility to identify the computer. You can identify the computer name and whether or not the computer is powered on and connected to the network.
How to Use NMAP to List Available IP Addresses
Network Mapper (NMAP) can be used to list all the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses available in a network on a Microsoft Windows 7 or Windows Vista-based computer. NMAP is an open source tool that can be downloaded free from the NMAP website. NMAP scans all the IP addresses in a network, then displays the result. Administrative privileges are required to install and run this utility.
How do I Port Forward With Netgear DG834?
The Netgear model DG834 ADSL router includes a built-in firewall to protect your network from intrusions. Occasionally there will be legitimate traffic trying to access your system that the firewall will block. If this occurs, you will have to manually configure the router to allow the incoming connection and to direct it to the correct device. This is called port forwarding. Some of the most common uses are to allow VOIP programs to function and to play online games.
How to Get an OS Inventory From the Network
Large computer networks connect hosts running a variety of operating systems, such as Windows 7, Windows XP, different distributions of Linux, and Mac OS X. This heterogeneity is made possible by the fact that network protocols follow international standards, so that hosts running completely different OSs can still communicate. Network and system administrators may need to inventory the OSs present in a given computer network. Reasons for this include keeping an inventory of software licenses, or determining which hosts need an operating system update because of recently discovered security vulnerabilities. You can get an inventory of the OSs present in…
How to Find Out if My MX Records are Updated
An MX record is a constituent of the Domain Name System (DNS). It uses the application layer protocol known as Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) to specify which mail server is to accept email for a specific domain and how that email will be distributed and delivered  There are websites in which you can perform an MX record lookup to ascertain whether or not the MX records have been updated.
How to Find the IP Addresses of Print Servers
While the IP address of a printer server is sometimes visible in the printer window, this is not true for all printers. Likewise, there are a variety of processes you would use to find an IP address, depending on which kind of printer you own. A more standard method that works more universally is done by using your computer to find the print server's IP address. This method is just as accurate as looking at the printer window.
How to Convert Domains to IP Addresses
When you enter a domain name into the address bar of your web browser, the domain is sent to a DNS (Domain Name Server) that looks up the IP (Internet Protocol) address for the web server associated with the domain. The web server then displays web pages from the appropriate hosting directory. If you're wondering what IP address pertains to a specific domain name, you can perform a "ping"  (a test that bounces a data packet off of a web server) from the command prompt of your operating system, which will display the IP address of the domain name you…
How to Find My Netzero's Port Number
Computer ports are used for sending and receiving information such as email or chats over the Internet. Each program has its own port number. For example, email data might use Port 21 while chat data might use Port 30. The netstat option to find out a specific port number works with several operating systems, but especially with Windows XP.
How to Find Your Laptop's I.P. Address
Your laptop's Internet Protocol (IP) address allows it to be uniquely identified on a network. If your laptop connects directly to the Internet without using a router, then your IP address corresponds to the one set by your provider. If your laptop is connected to a local area network (LAN), then your laptop's IP address is locally assigned by a router for local identification. In either case, your laptop's IP address can be found using Windows' Command Prompt.
How to Get IP Addresses Connected to a Remote Machine
Internet Protocol addresses are ways of referring to a specific device on a TCP/IP network, such as a Local Area Network or the Internet. Server machines regularly receive connections from outgoing users. Display a list of these connections by using the "netstat" command that is built into Windows.
How to Find an Address From the IP
Many servers have a host name that identifies them on their network and the Internet. Although they also have an Internet protocol, or IP, address, reverse gives you another way to access the server and helps give you information about the name of the exact server processing your request. Windows allows you to do an address lookup by using an IP address.
How to Find the IP Addresses of Others
While Web analytics programs have the ability to find the IP addresses of all those who visit your blog or website, you must have a sophisticated Web analytics program to do this. On the other hand, there is one method to find the IP addresses of others that you can do yourself. To find this information, you must use emails sent to you by others. The emails leave a form of digital DNA on your computer, allowing you to find the IP address from which the email was sent.
How to Get List of IP Addresses
IP addresses are used as a way to trace computers that are sending or receiving messages from your system. If you want to build a list of IP addresses that are gaining access to your system, there is an easy shortcut that you can do through the Command Prompt. The Command Prompt is an MS-DOS-based interface that allows the user to enter computer codes. You can find out who is on your network by using a specific networking command through the Command Prompt.
