IP Reserved, Loopback and Private Addresses
(Page 1 of 3)
In the  preceding topic I showed how certain IP  addresses cannot be used for regular network devices because they are  addresses with “special meanings”. These special addresses  reduce the total number of networks that are possible in the “classful” addressing scheme, and also the total number of hosts available in each  network.
In addition to these unusable numbers,  there are several other sets of IP addresses set aside for various special  uses, which are not available for normal address assignment. These ranges  of IP addresses generally fall into the following three categories:  reserved, loopback and private addresses.
Reserved Addresses
Several blocks of addresses were  designated just as “reserved” with no specific indication  given of what they were reserved for. They may have been set aside for  future experimentation, or for internal use in managing the Internet,  or for other purposes. (In general, it’s a good idea to set aside  some portion of any limited resource for unanticipated needs!) There  are a couple of these blocks in each of the three  main classes (A, B, and C) , appearing  right at the beginning and end of each class. (In a manner of speaking,  all of classes D and E are also “reserved”, since they aren't  used for regular addressing, though the term “reserved” is  usually used to refer to unusable parts of classes A, B and C.
Loopback Addresses
Normally, when a TCP/IP application  wants to send information, that information travels down the protocol  layers to IP where it is encapsulated  in an IP datagram . That datagram then  passes down to the data link layer of the device's physical network  for transmission to the next hop, on the way to the IP destination.
However, one special range of addresses  is set aside for loopback functionality. This is the range 127.0.0.0  to 127.255.255.255. IP datagrams sent by a host to a 127.x.x.x loopback  address are not passed down to the data link layer for transmission.  Instead, they “loop back” to the source device at the IP level.  In essence, this represents a “short-circuiting” of the normal  protocol stack; data is sent by a device's layer three IP implementation  and then immediately received by it.
The purpose of the loopback range  is testing of the TCP/IP protocol implementation on a host. Since the  lower layers are short-circuited, sending to a loopback address allows  the higher layers (IP and above) to be effectively tested without the  chance of problems at the lower layers manifesting themselves. 127.0.0.1 is the address most commonly used for testing purposes.
Key Concept: Portions of the IP address space are set aside for reserved, private and loopback addresses.
