October 22nd, 2011 No Comments
Getting a Canadian IP address is far easier than most users think. A unique Canadian IP offers some of the best options and makes the most out of the internet. With a Canadian IP address you are almost as free to use the Internet as an American IP with some unique advantages. File sharing with a Canadian IP is actually easier in some regards then other IP’s.
Because of the rampant internet piracy in the States media companies and their cronies have American service providers over a barrel. Regardless of what your data stream might actually contain, deep packet searching and random inspection does happen. Your internet provider will rarely if ever defend your right to privacy when it comes to the service that you pay them for. Canadian IP’s don’t receive nearly the scrutiny that native IP’s do in the USA. When you are traveling abroad there are many ways to maintain a Canadian IP so that you can peruse in peace.
Virtual Private Networks offer many of the perks of the larger internet without many of the drawbacks. A VPN is a way that you can network one internet using device to a server or system of servers with a visible and transparent network. They are easily modified and because of the ease are varied and specialized. There are many VPN’s that work to maintain privacy and anonymity while you are online. Because it is a closed system with access to a larger system, you can access it in a way that makes you feel comfortable. You can have a Canadian IP why browsing anonymously regardless of your location. With a Canadian IP you can access your bank account or any other local access only network where ever you are.
There are two VPN that are best for giving you both a Canadian IP while providing the most privacy.
HideMyAss is probably your best choice just because of the sheer number of IP addresses available.  They have Canadian IP’s as well as thousands of others from hundreds of countries. Though you're looking for a Canadian IP address, you may find that a British, American, or German IP can be useful as well.  They offer lots of free stuff
Free Web Proxy
Free list of proxy IP's to edit your internet browser with*
Free Anonymous Email
Free anonymous file uploading
*They list their proxies by speed, protocol, and what level of anonymity you prefer as well. The proxies are routinely updated so that you don’t have to worry about being firewalled by an expired proxy.
However, the star of the show is their ProVPN service. Their premium service, "ProVPN" has the added security of data encryption and tunneling with a much faster and reliable connection with Canadian IP’s. This comes with support and a money back guarantee. If you're looking to do anything other than standard browsing, then a VPN is what you need.
………………..
Besides HMA’s ProVPN service there is another VPN that offers them a run for their money.
12VPN offers the most in the way of platform and protocol. This means that if you're not using the standard iPhone/Android Mac/Windows setup, you can find what you're looking for here.  Free server switching, military grade encryption (128 bit to 2046 bit), custom VPNs for users in China and other places that block PPTP or L2TP, and options for Nokia, Linux, and other operating systems.
