Tags: anonymou ssurfing , change ip address , email , Hide email IP address , hide my ass , ip address , l2tp , openvpn , pptp , proxy , securitales , ssl , sstp , virtual private network , vpn , web based proxy | Add comment
The best way to hide an email IP address is to use a Virtual Private Network (VPN).  As far as IP hiding tools go, there are many out there. However, VPNs provide security and protection as for your entire internet device (be it a phone or computer). They offer a way of hiding your IP address not just for online browsing but for any activity that uses the internet, including emails.
How does a VPN work?
A virtual private network allows you to become part of a secure network outside of your actual IP address.  In addition to this, your traffic coming to and from the private network of servers has added layers of security which, depending on the type of VPN protocol you're using, may include encryption, tunneling, and/or certificates.  These are basically fancy names for badass security.  By sending your traffic to a VPN server through secure tunnels, your real identity on the internet becomes invisible, and you use the VPN server as a front-man for your internet activity.
Most mobile devices will use PPTP  L2TP VPN protocols.  You may see them in combination with such terms as IPsec or PPP, but don't confuse yourself.  The main four VPN protocols you can consider are going to be PPTP, L2TP, OpenVPN, and SSTP.  Like I said, phones and tablets (like iPad) will use PPTP or L2TP and while your laptop/desktop can also use these, it's usually recommended to use OpenVPN or SSTP.
Will a VPN slow My Connection?
Depending on which VPN service and the type of VPN protocol you use, there is not much observable difference in internet speed between using a VPN.  Most people say that the more secure, the slower the VPN connection. This would mean that PPTP would be the fastest, and SSL would be the slowest.  In my own experience, the difference being negligible.
Besides, the most important part of using a VPN to hide your email IP address is the security features it offers. As a rule, you can expect this to happen with most VPN services, and most VPN protocols;
The VPN server assigns IP addresses to all the computers in the network.
The IP address your computer is assigned changing periodically (periods will vary for each service)
You will have the ability to switch freely between any IP addresses they have available (very often, in many countries across the globe)
Logs of data related to your real IP address will not be kept
When choosing a service to hide your email IP address, you'll also have the option a dynamic or static IP address. A dynamic IP address is used by default, as it is more secure and anonymous.  Having a static IP will hide your real IP address, but will still present the same issues of the possibility of your new IP being able to be traced back to you.  A dynamic IP is most often used for users who use their computer as a server to host games, participate in online gaming, or engage in large file exchanges.
As far as VPNs go, I recommend Hide My Ass . First off, they've got a FREE anonymous email feature.  This means that you can, without signing up or paying for anything, create an anonymous email address from which you can send and receive email.  When you're finished, the account will be deleted. This is real James Bond stuff.
If you decide to sign up for their ProVPN service, for an all encompassing package that includes PPTP, L2TP, and OpenVPN, servers in over 30 countries, and almost 20,000 IP addresses (with free switching) you pay only $6.55 USD a month.  Most VPN services only offer this price with limitations such as limited server location, no free switching, or bandwidth caps.  To be completely honest, you just won't find this kind of package, for this kind of price anywhere else.  It also comes with a money back guarantee, so there's nothing to worry about.
http://hidemyass.com
Remember that Hide My Ass has a FREE anonymous email service. If you're looking for something different, you could try a service that's dedicated to anonymous email. Anonymous Speech is just that kind of service. They do charge a monthly fee, but for someone who needs to frequently send anonymous emails, it's a reliable, professional, and completely anonymous email service.
Check them out at www.anonymousspeech.com
 
Alternatives to hide email IP address
Another option to hide email IP address is to use a web based proxy. Proxies are also a very common way to hide your real IP and surf the internet anonymously. The main disadvantage when compared to VPNs is that if the email must be sent from the secure web browser, as the proxy only works through this browser. This is different from a VPN – remember that a VPN secures your whole computer/phone, so any email programs or software you use will also have a the new IP address
Much like a VPN, a proxy acts as an intermediate or a bridge between your computer and the network. Your computer makes traffic requests and instead of these being sent directly to the internet they are sent to the proxy. The proxy evaluates the requests, strips the IP address from your request and replaces it with its own, thus giving you a new IP address, and your real identity becomes anonymous.  This is of course, minus the aforementioned certificate/encryption/tunneling security features.
Web based proxies are also a good solution to hide your IP address when you're on a budget. They're usually a bit cheaper, and though they can't match up with the security features of virtual private networks, hey, we're not exactly working for the CIA.  For the average user, the anonymous IP of a proxy will be sufficient to hide your email IP address and get done what you need to get done. 
SecuriTales is a pretty awesome web based proxy.  One of the biggest issues with proxies today is that they're easy to set up, and it can be a major security risk to use a proxy service you don't know much about.  By giving up your personal IP data to an unknown service, you run the risk of them using your IP to send out spam an malware to other users. SecuiTales has been providing a web based proxy service for many years now, and is one of the most trusted names in the business.
On top of that you get
30 day money back guarantee
$6 USD per month for unlimited bandwidth
US/UK IP addresses
