Data Fields
Early To The Geolocation Party
Neustar IP Intelligence helps businesses get the most out of geolocation data. We can safely say we are experts, enabling online businesses to instantly identify where a visitor to their Web site is geographically located.
Our Data Powers 95% of Location Searches
Neustar IP Intelligence is at the very heart of today’s rapidly expanding geolocation landscape. Leading search engine providers, government agencies, broadcasters and big brand retailers use Neustar IP Intelligence to power SEO, fight cybercrime, regulate digital content and geotarget advertising with IP geolocation intelligence.
Information on Every Publicly Accessible IP Address
We help you determine the geographic location of all routable IP addresses assigned, allocated and in use on the Internet. In addition, Neustar has researched and recorded the network characteristics of these IP addresses that can provide valuable insight into routing methods, connection types, domains, organizations, whether someone is coming to your site via a mobile gateway or via  Internet Service Providers (ISPs).   Our customers and partners are better able to determine the cyber location and context of their customers, allowing them to be confident that the customer is where the IP address is, as well as an electronic signature of that customer’s connection.
Easy to Implement
We offer customizable solutions tailored to your organization, with support from our customer service engineers. As a customer or prospect, we will work with you to design your implementation to achieve the highest level of certainty in your targeting and containment efforts.
Key Elements of Successful Deployment
Accuracy
Accuracy numbers are quoted throughout the industry. The numbers can be  difficult to interpret and compare. For Neustar, accuracy is a percentage  representing how often we return a correct answer when our database is  queried. Neustar has two requirements for our published measurements: They  must be audited by an established auditing firm. Our methodologies must  be statistically significant and results must be repeatable –  regardless of when the test is performed or what data is tested. We  annually commission PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) to audit our processes  and data. This ensures objectivity and provides our customers and  partners with a strong statement to provide to their customers  supporting the quality of the data and services they are using.
Coverage
Coverage metrics represent the percentage of assigned and allocated IP  addresses for which Neustar can provide location information. Neustar’s  coverage, as audited to three significant figures by  PricewaterhouseCoopers, is 99.9% for countries and US states, and 99.8%  for states in countries outside the US, where they exist. Coverage is  impacted by what data is available, and in some parts of the world data  is more difficult to obtain due to challenges with local documentation,  language and government restrictions. Your actual coverage will vary  depending on your specific application. Neustar can work with you to help  you interpret the data to provide the highest level of coverage in your  production environment.
Confidence Factors
The basic geographic elements of country, state, and city are included  in Neustar’s data and we assign a Confidence Factor for each of these  three values. Confidence Factors are statistical measurements created by  our machine learning engine to indicate our confidence that each  specific answer is correct. They are generated based on the amount and  type of data that has been collected. The higher the number, the more  evidence is available to accurately determine the respective country,  state, and city. Neustar IP Intelligence Confidence Factors enable vital business  decisions to be made objectively by giving insight into individual  elements of the data. These are not risk scores. Note that Confidence  Factors are unique to Neustar IP Intelligence and should not be compared between vendors.
Network Characteristics
Network Characteristic fields are critical in combination with  Confidence Factors to design your implementation and maximize your  coverage. These fields include information about how a user connects to  the Internet, whether a proxy is being used, which ISP is providing the  connection, and more. For example, in order to block visitors from a  certain country, you need to know whether the users are connecting  through dial-up or DSL. If they connect through DSL, you know they are  close to the IP address. If they connect through dial-up, you can’t be  as confident in the user’s location. The manner in which Network  Characteristic data is collected and stored by your geolocation provider  can have a definite impact on your implementation – both in terms of  ease of use and overall results. Unlike other providers, Neustar IP Intelligence stores  all Network Characteristic data in separate fields so they can be  evaluated individually. For example, proxy information is not stored in a  country code field.
Reference Tables
Reference Tables contain all of the information about the physical world  (e.g., place names, ISPs, connection types, etc.) assigned to IP  address information. Neustar IP Intelligence’s Reference Tables are delivered on a weekly  basis to our customers to ensure the most up-to-date link between  geography and IP addresses. A key Quova differentiator is our Research  Team (GeoGeeks). They maintain the reference data by ensuring correct  spelling and removal of duplicate locations, tracking all changes in  physical geography such as place names and performing quality assurance  testing on Reference Tables Service Levels. Quova commits to deliver an  updated version of our data to customers on a weekly basis, and recently  celebrated our 400th release without any interruption in service.
Feedback Mechanisms
In order to consistently improve our data quality, Neustar IP Intelligence implemented  feedback mechanisms that continuously enhance the data with new  information. Our Closed Loop Methodology aggregates customer log files  to identify which IP addresses are most active on our customers’ sites.  Our Research Team then prioritizes their research on those parts of the  Internet that represent the most traffic on our customers’ Web sites. We  currently process just under 20 billion IP addresses each month using  this methodology. In addition, our GeoFeedback service enables our  customers to submit specific IP addresses to our Research Team for  review. Customers can simply report these IP addresses or request that  our assessment be returned to them.
Historical Information
Historical information may be required in your analysis or  investigative/prosecutorial processes. When needed, Neustar IP Intelligence can provide  the IP address location on dates since 2002. If you are investigating  historical activity, knowing where the IP address is currently located  will not produce accurate results. The dates of your activity must  synchronize with where the IP address was at the time being researched.  Evidence data during an investigation, audit, or prosecution, historical  evidence of IP address information may be required. A simple location  assignment is generally not considered compelling evidence for legal and  regulatory purposes. Quova has the capability to provide the historical  data we had collected and details supporting why we assigned a  particular location at a particular point in time. This data can be used  as evidence to support a location assignment, and Quova can even  provide testimonial support when necessary.
Error Rate
The error rate measures how often your application makes the wrong  decision based on IP geolocation information. Error rates are influenced  by your business logic and which data elements are used. Understanding  your error rate can be the most practical way to measure the quality of  IP geolocation data. The quality of your results will depend on having  the right data fields, the right data structures, and solid  implementation experience. Neustar’s Client Solutions team has many years  of experience assisting customers implement business rules and interpret  the data – significantly minimizing error rates.
Contribute to the Global IP Database
Be part of the IP geolocation community.
Quova reviews these submissions weekly and approved changes will be available in our next data release.
