5
What is an IP Address - IP Address Types
IP addresses consist of a series of four numbers separated by decimal points.  There are two types of IP addresses: static and dynamic.  Static IP addresses remain the same and are unchanging.   They are permanent and are used as easy identifiers.  Dynamic IP addresses are temporary and change.
Read more - What is an IP address
Change IP
As IP addresses can reveal important information about the computer user, 'how to change an IP address' or  'is it possible to change IP address' are some of the most frequently asked questions by computer users.  There are several methods to change IP address and as the majority of people have a dynamic IP address,  changing IP address can be simple.
Read more - Change IP
Hide IP
Those who choose not to change their IP address may decide they would like to hide their IP address instead.   An IP address may be successfully hidden through the use of a proxy server.   There are several types of proxy servers but each (except transparent proxy) is used to hide an IP address.
Read more - Hide IP
IP Address Classes
An IP address is similar to a home address in the sense that it is an identifier.    Each computer, printer or device uses an IP address in order to communicate.  When IP addresses are assigned to a particular group,   they are referred to as IP address Classes.  IP address Classes may be assigned to organizations, businesses or government operations.
Read more - IP Address Classes
Trace IP Location - Whois IP, Check Email, Trace Email and other IP Tools
We have seen many other IP tracking services but our IP locating service is different than others because:
Our IP locator tool is free, fast and very accurate with high detection rate
You do not need to register yourself to use any our trace IP location service
We do not limit on number of IP lookup's per IP address
With the combination of Whois IP Lookup , by which you can search IP and get all    relevant information's about owner of IP address   (ISP and Organization) and Trace Email service by which you    can successfully track email sender,    is IP-Address.org one of the most powerful IP tracing services on the Web.
IP Tracer & IP Tracker
We are very happy to present you IP-Address.org  The place where you will find the most powerful IP tracer and IP tracker tools on the Web.  All our IP tools are free of charge.
IP Tools
The idea behind our site is to give you all available  IP tools for free which will help you to find out anything what you need  to know about owner of any IP address or domain.
IP Location Finder
The site is still in development and the new IP finder modules will be added  to our project in future.
Right now you can use any of IP finder modules below:
