IP Address Login Limits in Drupal
More than 770,828 websites use the content-management system Drupal, according to the organization's website. As open-source software, Drupal relies on the free input of hundreds of developers to extend and improve the service. This includes login and password security. Though the default Drupal installation doesn't have IP login limits, you can extend the CMS to add this feature.
How to Use an IP Address to Recover a Hotmail Password
If you forget your Hotmail password, and you've exhausted the online methods, including mailing yourself a reset link and answering your security question, the only way may be to send a message to Microsoft, including as much identifying information as possible. Information about your account, including your home IP address, may help you regain control of your Hotmail account.
Was My IP Address Previously Used by a Bot?
It's possible for a bot to use your IP address. This may come to light when you try to send an email or sign up for a forum, for example, only to be confronted by an error message stating that your IP has been blocked. This might be because you have a similar IP to a bot. It's also possible that your computer has been infected by malicious code and turned into a bot. You can check to see if your IP has been reported as belonging to a bot using services such as BotScout.
How to Configure the Cisco Aironet 1252 LWAPP
The Cisco Aironet 1252 LWAPP allows you to set up a wireless network with ease. Once you physically connect the Aironet to your current router or switch, configure the device settings to suit your needs. An example of settings you should configure include the IP address settings and security settings.
IP Header Identification
Data travels through a network in packets. An email message, streaming video or other file sent over the Internet is comprised of many such packets, which are reassembled into their original form by a computer on the receiving end. Every packet has a header that contains the data needed to route the data to its intended destination. Sometimes a node may need to split a packet into smaller units called fragments. The header provides identification for each fragment, allowing the destination node to reassemble the fragments in their proper order.
How to Rotate an IP Address With VBA
Learning how to automatically set an IP address to rotate using Visual Basic for Applications is not as difficult as you may think. Netsh.exe is a tool that can be used to configure computers using the Windows command prompt. Netsh.exe can be used to change an IP address when rotation is needed. The “Shell” function is used in VBA to run an executable program, such as the command prompt to execute Netsh.exe.
Rules to Subnetting an IP Address
Nodes on computer networks use IP addresses to identify themselves in data transfer. In most networks, a single router handles traffic from potentially dozens of computers. This can lead to confusion and slowed transfers. Subnetting, however, creates logical subdivisions of a network to streamline data processing. You can designate subnets, but you have to understand the basic concepts behind them for them to work properly.
How to Get a Provider's IP Address for a Straight Talk Phone
If you're a Android smartphone user on the Straight Talk prepaid phone network, you might need to figure out the IP address of the provider so that certain applications or services can reach your phone, or can identify which network you're on. You can do this fairly quickly by using a website called "What Is My IP Address?" By visiting this website, you'll be able to find the IP address your phone has on the Straight Talk network.
What Is Ping Sweeping?
Ping sweeping is a network administration method that finds which of a range of addresses is in use in the network. It takes its name from the ping utility, although standard ping does not provide the functionality necessary for an automated ping sweep. Ping is closely identified with the Internet Control Message Protocol and a ping sweep exploits the same elements of ICMP that ping uses.
How to Upload an NMEA Stream by Way of an IP Address
Combing data from devices such as a GPS unit is done by using a multiplexer. One type of multiplexer used for this purpose is the Brookhouse NMEA. The multiplexer sends a single data stream to the navigation program installed on your computer. This is typically done via a COM post using a serial connection by an attached cable. However, you can also send this data via WiFi to a tablet computer such as an iPad.
The Importance of Knowing an IP Address
Computer scientists developed the Internet Prototcol address standards in the early 1980s. The IP address system assigns an IP number to every computer on a network, identifying each computer uniquely. Knowing a computer’s IP address lets you communicate with it, find its location and identify its user.
My HTC EVO Has No IP Address
The HTC EVO 4G was released in June 2010 exclusively for the Sprint network in the U.S. It is capable of connecting to the Internet using Sprint's 2G, 3G and 4G networks, as well as via a Wi-Fi connection, where applicable. The EVO is assigned an Internet Protocol, or IP, address whenever it has an Internet connection.
How to Use an AOL Dialer to Change an IP Address
When surfing on the Internet, you might sometimes want to protect your anonymity by hiding your Internet Protocol address. To do so, one of the methods that you can use is a proxy server, which is a server that relays your Internet data. The AOL dialer application from AOL, Inc. can be set up to act as a proxy server. You can use the AOL dialer as a proxy server by creating an AOL account and downloading the right software package.
How to Reset the IP Address on a West Virginia NS202A Camera
The WV-NS202A is a security camera manufactured by Panasonic System Solutions Company. This camera can connect to a computer network to allow users to record footage and rotate the device. Like all network devices, the WV-NS202A must be assigned a correct Internet Protocol address before you can remotely access it. If your WV-NS202A has been assigned an incorrect IP address, you can change it by using a dedicated utility.
How to Subdivide a Network Into Smaller Segments
Subnetting is a common technique that network administrators and engineers use to divide a physical network into smaller logical networks by adding a subnet mask to the IP address of that network. It also allows organizations to use their IP address space efficiently. Breaking up a network into smaller segments serves several purposes such as implementing security, controlling network traffic or segregating traffic for a specific purpose.
What Is the Maximum Number of IP Addresses That Are Needed for a Single Subnet?
A subnet is a portion of a computer network that, although physically separated from other portions of the network, shares a network address with those other portions and is distinguished by a subnet number. Creating subnets, otherwise known as subnetting, is essentially a way of splitting a network into smaller, more manageable pieces; to effectively subnet you need to know the maximum number of computers that you can have on a single subnet.
Can I Block All Addresses Within a Range of IP Addresses?
Internet Protocol, or IP addresses, function like street addresses for computers -- but only if they’re static, like a row of houses on a street. If you have a houseboat, there’s no point in assigning you an address because you’re always moving. That’s the problem dynamic IP addresses present when you’re considering blocking all addresses within a specific IP range.
Auto-IP Function
Auto-IP is a short form of Automatic Private Internet Protocol Addressing, or APIPA. It's a method for acquiring a network address that's built into the Windows operating system. Computer network administrators have a number of methods available to assign an address to a computer. The Auto-IP function is one of these.
How Do I Get Perl Counter Script to Collect IP Addresses?
Perl is a powerful scripting language that can be used to count occurrences in files, such as IP addresses. If you want your counter script to tally up the number of IP addresses in a file for example, you can use regular expressions to do the task; they make sorting out specific text and numbers a lot easier. If you want to store those IP addresses, you can then append them to a text file.
How Can I Change My IP Address in Smart Bro?
Smart Bro is a free alternative Web browser developed by Mind Vision Software. As with any Web browser, the servers you visit can see your physical IP address. When concerned with your privacy, you may wish to change the visible IP address. In this case, use a proxy server. A proxy will act as an intermediary between you and the servers you visit. Change your IP address in Smart Bro from within the Internet Options menu.
How to See IP Addresses in Java Chat Rooms
Chat rooms created in Java contain the same scripting options you have in other chat rooms. If you want to see a user's IP address in the chat room, you use the "/dns" switch command with the user's chat room name. If a user is behind a proxy or uses software that protect him from other users, you receive the proxy server's IP address using the command.
How to Lock Your Modem
When you have a DSL modem that also functions as a wireless router, your broadband Internet connection is visible to others as an available connection. If your Internet connection is secure, a locked padlock appears beside your Internet connection. If the connection is unsecure, an unlocked padlock appears beside your connection. To prevent others from attempting to access your Internet without your permission, configure your modem settings so that it is locked from outside intruders.
How to Block Certain IP Addresses From Viewing My Wordpress Blog
WordPress is a self-hosted blogging tool used on millions of sites and seen by tens of millions of people each day, the company reports. WordPress also maintains a hosted version of its open-source package where users can start and maintain blogs. You may want to block specific IP addresses to prevent spam or unwanted visitors to your blog. While it is difficult for users of WordPress-hosted sites at WordPress.com to ban specific IP addresses, tools exist to ban IP addresses when you are using the WordPress self-hosted blogging tool.
Why Do We Use an IP When We Have a Datalink Layer Address?
Computer addresses on local area networks operate at a level of communication theory called the Data Link Layer. Any computer connecting to the Internet also has to have an IP address. This is outlined in communication theory called the Network, or Internet Layer. There is a reason why computers operate with two forms of addresses; however, the division between the two systems is disappearing.
How to Import GE Fanuc LM90-30 to Proficy ME 5.9
The GE Fanuc software package is a program that allows users to send and receive data across an Ethernet connection to servers. The Proficy ME 5.9 is a software package designed for servers. Because the manufacturer makes both of these software packages, they can interface with each other. You don’t have to be a computer genius to import your GE Fanuc data into Proficy ME 5.9. You can do it yourself with little hassle and minimal knowledge of the system.
How to Reset the IP Address for a LaserJet P2015
The HP LaserJet P2105 is a standard network printer. When connected to your network, the printer's IP address is assigned by the server or router. This makes editing the IP address of your laser printer a matter of accessing the networking or printer configurations through your PC. Resetting the IP address has two major steps: removing the printer from the network and adding the printer back to the network. When added to the network, the router gives the LaserJet P2015 a fresh IP address.
How to Allocate IP Addresses
An Internet Protocol address is a number assigned to your computer for the purposes of communicating with an Internet Protocol, and you'll need to properly allocate the right IP address to your computer in order to connect to a network. Assigning the right IP address is a pretty simple task that involves changing some settings and requires only basic knowledge of computers to perform. If you're having connection problems, allocating an IP address might be a solution.
How to Reinstall Cydia & Fugu
Cydia is an independent application store for jailbroken iOS devices -- such as the iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad -- that have been unlocked from iTunes and can install software from third-party vendors. The Cydia app is automatically installed as part of the jailbreaking process. Should a fault develop with the Cydia application, you can re-install it using a secure shell -- or SSH -- connection from your computer, as long as the Terminal application has already from Cydia when it was working. Fugu is a free SSH client that can be used to copy the replacement Cydia files to…
How to Create a Ghost Boot Disk That Maps to an IP Address
A Symantec Ghost boot disk lets you boot to a specific IP, which is your Windows login server. The computer boots on the network, so you can re-image a user's hard drive. Administrators use Ghost to keep hard drive images on a network drive, so you can format and image a hard drive on several computers at one time. You need a floppy or CD to create the boot disk you use before you re-image the computer.
How to Track Facebook Account Activity by IP Address Like Gmail
Gmail offers all users a detailed log of recent account activity that displays the access type, location, IP address and date of access. From the log, you can sign out any active session. Like Gmail, Facebook also provides users with the ability to track active sessions by location and IP address. This service is useful if you forget to sign out of your Facebook account from a different computer or if you suspect unauthorized access to the account.
How to Use an IP Address as a Username for an Anonymous in Drupal
One of the features that Drupal (a website Content Management System) has is the ability for users to log in and leave comments on posts that are made on the system. Users who log in can elect to choose a user name or, if they prefer, they can opt to not log in to leave a comment. If they choose this more anonymous option, they must consent to have their IP address stored in lieu of their user name so that there is some accountability for what they post.
What Does Binding Multiple IP Addresses to One Network Adapter Mean?
Nearly every personal computer made today has data network access, due to the ease of connecting to networks and the value of the information on them. A computer has a device called a network adapter that sends data as electrical impulses. In order for other computers to recognize the adapter, it has an identity code known as an IP address. The adapter has at least one address, though it may have several.
Getting WiFi to Work on PS3 Using an IP Address
Connecting your Playstation 3 to the Playstation Network allows you to not only interact with all of your online friends, but also play a range of different online and multiplayer games. If you have a wireless router, you can connect your Playstation 3 to the PSN by setting up your wireless router details on to the PS3. If your router has a static IP address, you will need to insert the IP address of your router manually when setting up the wifi.
What Is a Socket Connection?
In networking, connecting to a socket is a little more complicated than plugging something in. The language of networking uses terms we commonly use for physical connections as references to logical connections. In computer hardware a “port” is a plug socket, but in communications it is an address. In networking a “socket” is associated with a “port,” but neither of these words refers to one of the connectors on a computer.
How Do I Lengthen the Logon Sessions in eCopy?
Ecopy ShareScan is an software program produced by Nuance Communications that helps businesses convert paper-based documents into digital images. This allows users to integrate the new digitalized documents into the organization's network system. eCopy requires users to provide logon information every time a connector is selected during the current session. You can bypass this and lengthen the logon session by making a quick configuration change through the Services Manager utility. This change will allow the user to log on to the system a single time, and the session will last until the user decides to log out.
How to Manually Enter a Primary & Secondary IP Address Into PS3
The PlayStation 3 (PS3) is Sony Computer Entertainment's third home console and the first with a robust online integration system. With this home console, patches, firmware updates, games and downloadable content are accessible from the PlayStation Network (PSN), creating an always-on, Internet-enabled interface. Users who are knowledgeable about home networking can adjust various network settings on the system, either through a wireless or wired Ethernet connection.
How to Break an ILO Connection
When managing a server, many users have made use of Integrated Lights Out (ILO) connections. These connections allow users to manage severs without being in the data center where the server is housed. However, if you wish to break the connection to your ILO server, you can do so by making use of the ILO configuration program installed on your computer.
How to Put an IP Helper Address on the ProCurve 2520
The HP ProCurve 2520 is a network switch designed for small to medium businesses in order to assist with deploying voice, video or wireless Internet connections that require Power over Ethernet connectivity. Each ProCurve 2520 has dual-personality Ethernet ports, which means you can use both copper or fiber cables. You can manage the ProCurve 2520 through a command line interface or graphical user interface. The IP helper address is used to transmit network traffic from a client machine over one subnet to a server with another subnet. By logging into your HP administrator's page, you can add your IP helper…
Can I Block an IP Address From a Blogger Account?
When you have a blog and start getting comments, it can be frustrating to get rude or unwanted comments constantly from a reader time after time. Your first thought may be to try to block an individual IP address from your Blogger account. Unfortunately, that can't happen. At the date of publication, Blogger does not allow you to block an individual IP address from your blog the way some other blog platforms do.
How to Reset the ReadyNAS IP Address
Use a ReadyNAS appliance to provide additional network storage on a small home or business network for backups and file sharing. If you lose connectivity to the ReadyNAS and suspect that the IP address has been changed or the IP configuration corrupted, ReadyNAS is equipped with a reset featured that can be used to resolve the issue. Use the ReadyNAS "Reset" feature to reset the appliance IP address and regain access to files stored on the ReadyNAS.
How to Use CMP Commands With SSH
Use SSH (Secure Shell) to remotely access the command line of a Linux or Unix computer when you need to perform administrative operations such as comparing configuration files while troubleshooting. The Linux/Unix command line terminal features the CMP (Compare) utility designed specifically for comparing and displaying the differences between two files. Run the CMP utility to view the differences between to files within an SSH session.
The Types of Ping Commands
The "ping" command is one of many tools in a network technician's toolbox, and it is one of the most useful. Ping is typically used to verify that a link exists between two machines, using either the IP address of the target machine or the hostname of the machine. However, ping can accomplish more than just basic link verification by using command switches that reconfigure the command to behave a bit differently.
Why Don't I Have an IP Address on My iPhone?
Whether you're setting up an application or trying to SSH into your phone, you may have occasion to look for the iPhone's IP -- or Internet Protocol -- address. This set of numbers distinguishes devices on a network. If you are having trouble locating your iPhone's IP address, you may not be properly detecting the signal, or you may be connecting to a router that deliberately hides the address.
Step-by-Step of Subnetting an IP Address
Subnetting an Internet Protocol (IP) address is the process by which a network engineer, in charge of a certain TCP/IP network number, alters the existing network rules. The IP is the numerical address assigned to your computer while TCP/IP gives a description of a set of guidelines that make computers able to communicate. Subnetting of IP addresses provides you with the solution of dealing with large numbers. For instance, class A has more than 16,000,000 IP addresses while class B has 65,000. Therefore, if subnetting is not done, the number of IP addresses will be very large and that means…
How to Allow a Ping in Ubuntu
The ping command is useful for debugging and testing networks for good levels of performance. You can allow a ping to be sent in Ubuntu even if the command is restricted, by running it with root-level permissions. Although the command can then be sent, you'll also need to know the name of the computer you're attempting to ping.
How Can I Block an Incoming IP Address on My WNR3500?
Security is an important concern when setting up an Internet connection on your local area network. Blocking incoming traffic from IP addresses known to distribute malicious code is a simple procedure with the WNR3500 Netgear router. This router has firewall software that automatically blocks incoming traffic from any site you block access to in the Content Filtering menu during setup. Sites can be blocked by IP address, domain name or keyword. You also have the option of blocking individual sites by the time of day.
How to Detect IP Addresses
Any computer can detect IP addresses without any special software or tools installed. Windows comes with a tool called Netstat that allows you to see the IP addresses of any sites, servers and chat clients connected to your computer. You can also use certain settings to see the IP addresses of emails you receive. There is also a pre-installed Microsoft tool called Ipconfig that lets you see your own computer's current IP settings.
How to Troubleshoot a Comcast IP Address
Comcast high-speed Internet service supports the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP). This protocol automatically assigns IP addresses to devices that connect to a network; thus, DHCP eliminates the need for you to manually configure the IP address on your computer to access Comcast's network. If your computer is having a problem connecting to the network, it may be experiencing an IP address conflict. This occurs when two computers on the network are accidentally assigned the same IP address. Solving this problem requires that you disable and re-enable the connection to your Comcast network.
How to Block SurfControl
SurfControl is a commercial web filter that prevents users from accessing websites deemed inappropriate or dangerous by the organization that set up the control. SurfControl is often present in public Internet access points such as school libraries. You can use a simple trick to block SurfControl from restricting your access to websites?
How to Write a Batch File to Continuously Ping an IP Address
A batch file is a type of text file in Windows that, when double-clicked, runs a series of commands that are placed inside of it. If you want to have a shortcut to quickly and continuously ping a website to verify that it is online or for other similar reasons, you can do so by placing the "ping" command inside of a batch file.
How to Print to an IP Address in VBA
Many printers, especially those used in corporate environments, include Ethernet cables used to network them with the other computers in the office. It's what allows all of the employees to use different computers and share one printer. If you're a software developer who's creating an application or writing a script that needs to print to specific printers on a network, you can use a custom Visual Basic code to print to a specific printing device by pointing to its IP address on the network.
How to Ping Multiple Hosts
An important part of running a website is making sure that the website is always available on the Internet. You can easily check to see if a website is on the Internet by pinging the IP address of the host server. When you ping a host IP address, you verify that the host at that IP address is working if you receive a response. However, you can only ping one IP address at a time using the Windows Ping utility. If you have several websites, this can become time-consuming. Fortunately, there is software available that allows you to ping multiple…
How to Deploy SSRS Reports to the Server Using an IP Address
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) is a server-based reporting method that is an element of Microsoft SQL Server for versions 2005 and 2008. You can use several techniques to deploy reports to a server, including providing the IP address. SSRS provides users with the ability to produce, publish, schedule and administer a variety of reports using multiple data sources. Moreover, SSRS contains numerous programming features that allow users to customize and expand the general reporting capabilities.
How to Track a Hidden IP Address
The IP address identifies a computer from the rest of the world when connecting to the Internet. Without it, computers will not be able to communicate with one another in the virtual world. Internet users often use a "proxy" to hide their real IP addresses in the attempt to secure their online activities. The proxy server gives an IP address that reroutes to a different place. You can detect a hidden IP address in a few steps.
How to Tell if a Function Exists in an IP Address
A computer can act as a server for a variety of functions, such as the capability to run commands over a Secure Shell connection. To act as a client for such a function, a client connected to the server's network needs to know the server's Internet Protocol (IP) address. The client also needs to know the port number for the function in question, as the same computer may act as server for multiple functions. You can determine if a given function is available at a given IP address/port number combination.
How to: SSH to Cpanel
When managing a cPanel server, you may need additional functionality that is not provided by the cPanel Web interface. The option to connect to a cPanel server using a secure shell, or SSH, connection is available using your cPanel username and password. This may be necessary to install additional programs, edit configuration files or to view real-time monitoring scripts on your system.
What Is the Ping of Death?
Ping is a command found in many operating systems and is used primarily by network technicians for finding problems on a network. Ping sends an echo request across the wire that includes a data packet of modifiable size; the target host specified in the command responds with what amounts to "I'm here." Unfortunately, the ping command is also used by people with malicious intent, and when the command is configured in a certain way, it floods the target host with ping requests in an attack known as the "Ping of Death."
The Disadvantages of DHCP
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) is an automated configuration protocol for IP networks. DHCP is designed to automatically configure a computer with an IP address, eliminating the need for human intervention. This protocol also keeps track of computers connected to the network and prevents more than one computer from having the same IP address. For all the useful functions DHCP offers, there are some downsides to utilizing this system.
How to Clean Up Dependencies in Ubuntu
Keeping your Ubuntu-based system clean is essential to guarantee that the operating system runs swift and smooth. Package dependencies of applications previously installed on your computer are stored on your system, and throughout time they can build up and take up space on your hard drive. This can result in a slower performance, so you should periodically clean out these dependencies. You can remove dependencies in Ubuntu by executing a specific command in the Terminal window.
How to Block Multiple IP Addresses on IPTables
Iptables is a UNIX-based application that is used to configure firewall options and rules. It can be used to block IP addresses and ports from accessing the computer. By using a netmask in the rule, entire IP ranges or "blocks" can be denied access. IP ranges can also be blocked by using the Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) suffix, which is appended to the end of the IP address with a slash notation.
How to Block an IP Address on Trackers
A "tracker" is a term that refers to particular kinds of torrents that you download. A torrent is a method for downloading files like music, movies, games, programs, pictures and documents from other users online. An IP address is a number used to identify online users. If you want to block particular IP addresses from connecting to your computer through a tracker, you can do so using some free tools available online.
How to Convert Netmask to IP
A netmask is a set of binary values added to a transit communications interface profiles (TCIP) address to show which network the Internet protocol (IP) address is part of.  When viewing a netmask value, only part of the binary segment is usable by a router.  Converting a netmask value into an TCIP address is not too difficult.  By following the steps for converting a dummy netmask value, it is possible to show how to covert a netmask value into a TCIP addresses.
Google Dynamic Feed Control Options
Google Dynamic Feed Control is a free application that allows website designers and bloggers to add live feeds to their websites. Feeds display live updates from your site or other sites, including news stories and newly added pages, with links to the content and short summaries. Feeds created with Google Dynamic Feed Control are highly customizable.
About Open Beta Testing
Beta testing is a common practice in the computer software business. Before the general public gains access to the final release of a product, it's common for some segment of the public to put the software through its paces, looking for problems, testing usability and measuring performance on different hardware. The reasoning for some beta tests can differ, but the end goal is always to improve the product that is ultimately destined for public consumption.
How to Install Nagios
Nagios is a computer and network watchdog. It was created in 1999 by Nagios Enterprises. The program monitors your computer system and network and can alert you of problems. The open-source software can be downloaded for free, but a paid program adds additional protection to your computer and network. Install Nagios with a few clicks of your mouse and taps on your keyboard.
How to Block SMTP Ports in Ubuntu 10
Sendmail Transport Protocol (SMTP) is a mail relay protocol that operates on port 25 of a computer. This port is responsible for receiving mail relay requests and delivering email to a specified address. An open mail relay can be exploited by malicious individuals to use your computer for sending unsolicated email, also known as spam, to Internet users without your knowledge or consent. By blocking port 25 of your system you ensure that no one can use your server for these purposes, even if your sendmail configuration becomes insecure from misconfiguration or an exploit.
How to Install Evolution in Ubuntu
Evolution is an open-source personal information management program designed for Linux systems that use the GNOME desktop, such as Ubuntu. The program combines the features of an email client, address book, calendar and personal task manager in one, allowing the user to organize all their personal relations from one place. Due to the simplicity of Ubuntu's Software Center package management program, Evolution can be quickly and easily installed with just a few clicks.
How to Ping an Open Port
An open port on a computer network is used to send data from a router or a cable modem to a different computer. Pinging is a process through the Command Prompt on the system that gives a user a report of whether or not the ping gets to the computer. Users ping computers' open ports to make sure the computers are online.
How to Flush an IP Address
An IP address is much like a home address. It's a unique number assigned to each computer connected to the Internet , an ID of sorts for your machine. If you are experiencing problems and errors with your IP address, or if you want to change it for protection purposes, the process is quite easy, especially for those who are technically-minded.
How to White List an IP Address Using Mod_Security
The mod_security plugin for the Apache Web server is designed to facilitate system security by blocking suspicious or unauthorized requests to your server. IP addresses that are not white listed by mod_security will have security rules applied to them, causing the system to scrutinize their traffic and possibly deny access to files.
How to Map to a Desktop
Mapping assigns a drive letter to a folder or network drive. It is similar to setting up a shortcut to the folder. The computer that you have the mapped folder or drive on will then consider the drive to be another hard drive on its system. In Windows 7, it only takes a few steps to map a folder or drive and you can select the drive letter.
How to Shut Down IPtables in Ubuntu
IPtables is a firewall software program installed by default on the Ubuntu Linux operating system. The IPtables program allows the root user to configure the Linux kernel Netfilter modules. These modules intercept and manipulate the network packages. There is a series of commands required to completely shut down the IPtables program. These commands can be stored in a single script file. This allows you to type a single command to shut down the firewall.
What Is Iptables in Linux?
Linux users often claim that network security is not such an issue as it is for Window computers. Security, however, is not something to take lightly regardless of what system you have in place. Linux has a set of firewall tools that regulate incoming and outgoing network traffic. Iptables, a software filter for Linux, offers a free and customizable way to configure your Linux firewall to your liking.
How to Ping a Printer for a Mac
The Mac OS X operating system supports both local printers connected with a USB cable and network printers connected to your local network with an Ethernet cable. While setting up a network printer with your Mac, you will want to test the device's network connection. The best way to do this is to send a "ping" command, which sends a small packet of data to the device's IP address and informs you if the printer is online and connected.
How Do I Log into McAfee When the Site Is Blocked?
McAfee is an Internet security suite that keeps your computer protected from virus, Trojans, spyware and other malware. McAfee lets all paid subscribers log in to the McAfee website to view their accounts and make desired changes. If for some reason the McAfee website is blocked on your computer, you may want to follow certain troubleshooting steps to unblock it and continue accessing your McAfee account. These steps won't work if McAfee is blocked by a content filter on your network.
How to Unblock McAfee Enterprise Networking
McAfee is a networking security tool that various customers use to protect their network in such markets as homes, small businesses and enterprises. With the McAfee SiteAdvisor Enterprise platform, network administrators are able to block risky websites to protect the network from becoming exposed to threats. However, the SiteAdvisor Enterprise feature provided by McAfee may sometimes block content that is not harmful and that you need to access. In this case, you can unblock McAfee Enterprise through a proxy site. The proxy site helps you connect to the blocked website through its server instead of the network's server operating McAfee.
How to Remove Nagios in Ubuntu
Nagios, a Linux-based network monitor, watches servers, connections, computers and user activity and reports it on computers running Linux-based operating systems such as Ubuntu. It can find any problems with your network so you can fix them. However, if there's a problem running Nagios, or you need to upgrade the software, you can remove the program from Ubuntu.
How to Edit the HTAccess in CPanel
The .htaccess file is often a critical file in a website on a shared host because you will not be able to make changes at the server level. An .htaccess file allows you to make changes at the directory level. An .htaccess file includes configuration instructions that apply to the directory in which it resides (including subdirectories of the directory). The .htaccess file can also contains authentication information. Use the cPanel File Manager to make changes to the .htaccess document
How to Unblock Webfetti
Webfetti is a website that offers various layouts, graphics and widgets featuring different themes and schemes, which enable you to personalize your MySpace, Facebook and Twitter pages as well as your blog. In certain network environments such as at workplaces and educational institutions, Webfetti may be blocked because, to some, its content is considered distracting and may ultimately affect your productivity. If you are surfing the Web on a network that is restricting access to Webfetti, you can unblock this site with a proxy, which works as a gateway between you and Webfetti.
How to Track the IP Addresses of Visitors
An Internet Protocol, or IP, address tracker is an advantageous tool for website owners. Not only can you see what part of the world your traffic is coming from, you can check how many visitors come to your website on a daily basis. Traffic can determine your website's earnings. Besides tracking your website's profit, IP address reports are also helpful if you are being cyberstalked and need concrete evidence backing up your claim. You can easily set up an IP address tracker on your website and gain access to visitor statistics.
Permission Denied With Setting Up Evolution in Ubuntu
Ubuntu is a Linux distribution by Canonical that is designed with ease of use and security in mind. Ubuntu uses a security structure to install programs. Users must enter an administrator or root password created during the installation process. Failure to to do so prevents the software from being installed. Evolution is an email and calendar program for the Gnome platform under Ubuntu. Follow a few guidelines to ensure a successful installation of the program.
How to Remove the Pulse Audio Server
The Pulse Audio sound server for Ubuntu Linux is not compatible with all sound cards and may have difficulty scaling volume properly on some computers. Pulse is not the only audio server available, with alternatives such as Advanced Linux Sound Architecture, or ALSA and Open Sound System, or OSS available as part of the Ubuntu Linux repository. If Pulse Audio is not operating to your satisfaction, you can remove it from your system. Doing this will disable sound on your computer until you have installed a new sound server.
How to Unblock a McAfee-Blocked Site
When you have McAfee anti-virus installed on a computer, the program not only prevents the download of viruses and hacking attempts on your system, but also provides a built-in feature that recognizes potentially dangerous websites and stops them from opening in your web browser. If McAfee is blocking a website that you know to be safe, though, you can unblock the blocked website and stop McAfee from blocking it again.
How to Correct an IP Address Conflict
Although an IP address conflict can prevent you from accessing network resources such as the Internet, it is not a permanent problem. An IP address is a unique number that identifies a device on a network. An IP address conflict occurs when two computers have both been assigned the same IP address. If two computers have the same IP address, one or both computers will not be able to access the network. Fortunately, you can fix the IP conflict by assigning a new IP address to one of the computers.
How to Get Your 0.0.0.0. IP Address
When you use the ipconfig command on Microsoft Windows 7 to check the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your network connection, you may get 0.0.0.0. as the result. This primarily occurs if your Internet connection is not working or if the network cable is not properly connected to your computer. If neither of these is the case then the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) service required for the network to function may not be enabled. Enabling the DHCP service will set the problem right.
How to Fix Solid Red Light on a 2Wire 2701 Modem
A solid red light on your 2Wire 2701 gateway is an indication of a connection issue, which is often due to a service error that prevents your gateway from establishing a connection with the DSL broadband service. A system reboot can correct the problem, and the reboot tool is accessible through the 2Wire 2701's home portal that controls your gateway settings. If the red continues to remain a solid red light, technical support from your Internet service provider is required.
How to Have Multiple IP Addresses With One Computer
Computers can have multiple IP addresses manually assigned to them. This setting is useful for computers part of a large network, subdivided into many smaller networks, called subnets, each with their own IP addressing schemes. Instead of changing the IP address of the computer every time it moves from one subnet to another, setting multiple IP addresses to cater to the different subnets is an easier way. The computer can automatically connect to the different subnets using all the IP addresses configured in its system.
How to Configure the TCP/IP on a HP LaserJet 2500 Printer
Connecting your Hewlett Packard LaserJet 2500 printer to the network allows you to share a single resource with many different users. Such printer sharing can save you money and help you get more done, but only if the printer is properly configured for your network. The easiest way to configure that IP address is through an Internet utility designed by HP specifically for that purpose.
How to Use Ping on a Mac
The ability to ping a server may be important to you if you are a network administrator or simply a home user troubleshooting a network problem. You can perform a ping on a Mac with the computer's terminal. The terminal is a command-line shell with which you can enter text commands without having to use the Mac's graphical user interface. This can save you time overall as you will not have to click through icons and sub-menus.
How to Use Voice Over IP
Voice over IP is popular due to its relatively cheaper call rates, especially over long distances. It also has cheap installation costs and newer additional features. The technology is used for communication via the Internet for online services such as Google Talk, Skype, Sprint and Verizon. VoIP uses the Internet to make PC phone calls and trace calls.
How to Create .Htaccess to Block an IP Address
Htaccess files are small instruction files placed in the directory of a website on an Apache server. These files are not viewable by users and instead serve as directions to Apache for handling connections to the page. In addition to password protecting and redirecting resources, htaccess files can be used to block access to website's based upon the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the user.
Difference Between Alpha & Beta Testing
Before software is released fully, it first must go through extensive testing. Developers do this to ensure that their software runs smoothly with minimal bugs, and can handle the stresses and situations in real-world situations. Typically, software testing is performed in two stages: alpha and beta. The alpha test is the first stage, usually not long after the code is written, and occasionally before the complete program is even written. The beta test is the second stage and often includes real-world implementation.
How to Reset the IP Address With AT&T U-Verse
Every time your computer connects to the Internet you are assigned an IP address. This number is used for identification. It is a way for your Internet service provider (along with the sites you visit and the services you use) to differentiate your machine from all others. If you want to reset the IP address you've been assigned on your AT&T U-Verse connection, you can do so in a very specific way.
How to Upgrade Ubuntu From Alpha to Beta
Approximately every six months, Canonical releases a new, stable version of Ubuntu. In between these releases, you can download and install development builds of the next release. The first development build is an alpha version. Canonical later releases beta versions of Ubuntu before releasing the final, stable build. If you have an alpha version of Ubuntu and want to upgrade to the latest beta version, you can do so whenever you want.
How to Block an IP Address From Attempting a Connection to Ubuntu
The Ubuntu Linux distribution is designed for ease of use, including security features such as  the Uncomplicated Firewall that can be configured to block unwanted connections. It is best practice to set up a firewall to deny all incoming connections and add exceptions when required. However, there are instances in which allowing all but a few connections may be preferred. Configure and enable the Ubuntu UFW to block connections from only specific IP addresses while allowing other incoming connections when you wish to share data with some but not all hosts on the network.
How to Uninstall Nagios on an Ubuntu Server
Nagios is a series of free, open source system monitoring applications designed to monitor aspects of host and network services on computer servers. Nagios has the ability to detect and alert users when problems occur in network and host services. Ubuntu Server is based on the Debian Linux operating system, and is compatible with a wide range of server software, including the Nagios software packages.
How to Turn Off the File Manager in Ubuntu
A file manager is a software application that allows you to explore the contents of files and folders stored on devices connected to the computer. The file manager also offers commands to create, remove, move and copy multiple files at a time. The Ubuntu distribution of the Linux operating system ships with the Nautilus file manager. Ubuntu invokes Nautilus automatically for many operations, such as when a flash drive gets connected to the computer. You can turn off Nautilus if desired on your Ubuntu computer.
How to Install Iptables in Ubuntu
A software firewall allows only some network packets to arrive to, or leave from, the computer it is running on. The decision on whether to allow a given packet to go through the network adapter, or a given connection to be established, depends on complex, configurable criteria. Sample criteria are the application that generated the packet, its source or destination address and the protocol to which the packet belongs. Iptables is a software firewall for the Linux operating system. You can install Iptables on your Ubuntu Linux computer.
How to Block All UDP Ports in Ubuntu Linux
The User Datagram Protocol, or UDP, directs network data to specific programs using a designated Internet Protocol address, which all programs that connect to the network through the same adapter share, plus a unique port number. If you're diagnosing network problems or debugging an application, you may need to block UDP packets from reaching any port on the computer. You can configure your Ubuntu Linux system to block all UDP ports.
How to Find the Mac Address From the IP
Computers that support multiple network connections are common now that most laptops support both wireless and wired networks and most server hardware platforms support dual NICs (Network Interface Cards) for fault tolerance. If you are troubleshooting network connectivity on a computer that supports more than one network connection and need to know the MAC (Media Access Control) address of a network interface that has a particular IP address assigned to it, check the Network Connections utility in Windows.
What Are the Values of IP Addresses?
Internet Protocol addresses are used to provide a unique numeric identifier for computers and Internet domains, such as example.com. First described in 1981, the current system, IP version 4  was implemented in the early 1980s and remains in common use today. IP addresses in that system are subject to a number of rules governing their structure, and certain address ranges, known as "blocks," are reserved for particular uses.
How to Return to a Normal IP Address for a PS3
Returning to a normal IP address on your PlayStation 3 is something that you can do within the console's settings utility. You don't actually have to adjust the settings of your modem, router or home network. You just have to go into your PlayStation 3's settings and make the appropriate change from a very specifically designed screen.
How to Get to Your 2Wire Control Panel
2Wire is an Internet hardware manufacturer that produces Internet modems and routers. Many 2Wire hardware modems allow for advanced features such as built in wireless Internet and QoS (Quality of Service) settings. These features are located in the modem's built in hardware user interface. This interface is not accessible through any driver or manufacturer software package and must be sought out specifically using the modem's IP (Internet Protocol) address.
How to Repair an IP Address Conflict
Attempting to log in to your network only to receive the message "There is an IP address conflict with another system on your network" can be alarming. The situation, however, usually isn't serious. IP addresses are unique addresses given to each computer on a network so that the router knows where to send data. An IP address conflict occurs when two or more computers somehow get the same IP address.
How to Get an IP From an Outlook Email
Each email received contains properties that show where it originated. It shows details like who it was from, when it was sent, when it was relayed between servers and to whom the email is addressed to. It also shows technical details like the IP address of the sender and the content type, whether it's HTML, plain text or it contains any attachments. This email information are all under "Internet headers."
How to Manage Cisco Catalyst 2950
Managing a switch is vital to maintaining network connectivity. Applying the most basic configuration allows for good management of a switch. Additionally, minutes spent in the beginning to deploy the switch properly allows for shorter outage and less upkeep on the actual device.
HP 2015 Specs
In 2006, Hewlett-Packard Co. -- a technology company known for its personal computers and peripheral equipment -- released a series of business-oriented printers called the P2015. It falls under the LaserJet nameplate, which comprises HP's dry electrophotographic laser printers. There are four entries of the HP P2015 series: the original P2015, P2015d, P2015dn and P2015x.
How to Stop Adding HTTP to an Address
If you like to navigate to websites by entering the URL in your browser's address bar rather than following links or using bookmarks, you might get tired of typing "http://" every time you enter a new address. Web browsers used to require you to enter the "http" manually. However, you no longer need to do so to navigate to a Web page.
How to Check a Web Server IP Address
To access a website, users either follow links from other sites or enter Web addresses by hand into their browsers. Each Web address translates to the Internet protocol (IP) numerical address of the computer (cluster) acting as a server for that website. Normally that translation is invisible to the user, but Web server and network administrators sometimes need to perform explicit translations during configuration or troubleshooting. You can easily check the IP address assigned to a specific Web server.
How to Translate a Host Name Into an Address
Every device that connects to the Internet must have an Internet Protocol (IP) address, which identifies the device on a network in much the same way as your address identifies your house's location in your neighborhood. Because human beings often find names easier to remember than numerical IDs, networked devices (called hosts) also identify with user friendly names, such as "My-PC."  A host's name and IP address reflect the same entity, just as you and your Social Security number refer to the same person.    Sometimes, you know a host's name, but need to find out its IP address (also called…
How to Find Out if a Website Is Down
When most people think of the Internet, they are actually thinking of a subsection of the entire Internet called the World Wide Web. Webpages are viewed with a client program called a web browser. The most popular Web browsers as of 2011 are Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome and Safari. If a website is not being viewed in the web browser as expected, the site might be down. The ping command lets you know for sure if this is the case.
How to Change the TCP IP Settings in XP
The TCP/IP settings in Windows XP determine the configuration your computer uses to connect to the Internet, including your computer's IP address, default gateway and DNS server address. Although Windows has an option to automatically detect your settings, some Internet service providers require you to use a manual configuration. In addition, you may need to set up an alternate configuration if your computer is on a large network that has multiple DNS servers.
How to Look up IP Addresses
Although human-readable network addresses such as "www.hp.com" are all a typical user needs to navigate the Internet, computer networks use a different addressing scheme for naming and routing. Each computer has an Internet Protocol (IP) address: a sequence of four numbers separated by periods. Programs that access the Internet (e.g., a Web browser) translate the human-readable addresses requested by the user into IP addresses; this translation happens transparently to the user. However, when troubleshooting software or network configurations, the translation may not happen automatically. You can perform an explicit look-up to find the human-readable address that corresponds to a given…
How to Wild Card Block IP Addresses
With the advent of the easily-accessible Internet, many types of people can be found online -- including those who like to stir up trouble. If you run a website and frequently come across troublemakers, you have the option to block them from accessing your website. However, if their IP address isn't always the same, but stays within the same range, it is easier to block the entire range using an asterisk as a wildcard.
How to Specify a Computer in Firewall Rules for a Dynamic IP
The Windows firewall software protects your network computer from hackers and unauthorized access. You typically set the firewall to allow computers with certain IP addresses to access the computer. However, if a computer has a dynamic IP address, you must create an exception using the port number for the service. This allows the remote computer to access your computer regardless of the IP address.
Types of IP Addresses
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses are numbers assigned to computers and other hardware in networks. IP addresses serve in identifying a computer or device and allow information to be routed to and from the machine or device in an organized way. There are a few different types of IP addresses, ranging from local to public addresses.
How Can I Tell What Firmware My Linkstation Has?
Before installing custom firmware for the Buffalo Linkstation, make sure you know which firmware came stock with your device. If your Linkstation ever needs to be returned or sent for repairs, you will be glad you wrote down that firmware number, because with the original firmware your Linkstation can be reverted to its factory settings, making it eligible for a repair under warranty.
How to Stop IP Addresses From Using My Connection
An Internet protocol, or IP, address is assigned to each unique computer. Usually, an IP address is expressed in an eight-digit format, such as 123.45.6.78. Setting security features on your computer can block specific IP addresses from using the same network or from allowing someone else to use your IP address to impersonate you online. Block IP addresses using a computer firewall, such as the one built in to most modern PCs.
How to Ban an IP From My Blogger Web Page
Every computer connected to the Internet is given an Internet Protocol (IP) address. When you visit a website, it logs your IP address and any activity you take part in on that website. If you do something wrong, the website can block your IP address, preventing you from accessing it. Blogger is a free online program that allows you to create your own blog which can handle comments from users. If you want to stop an individual from commenting, you'll need to block their IP address.
Two Methods to Conserve IP Addresses
The Internet Protocol, or "IP," system is a way of negotiating traffic on the Internet by linking every web server and computer with a unique identifying address, or "IP address." Because the number of IP addresses is subject to certain rules, it's a limited resource, and several steps have been taken to prevent the exhaustion of addresses -- two of these focus on conserving existing addresses, and one involves increasing the available number of IP addresses to allocate.
How to Calculate The Broadcast Address on Netmask
The Internet Protocol (IP) is at the core of all computer communications over the Internet. Participants in IP exchanges are identified by their IP addresses; an IP address is a sequence of four numbers, all between 0 and 255. A network mask (or "netmask") is a special IP address that does not identify any host, but defines how many bits of IP addressing are available to hosts in the same subnet. A broadcast address is another special IP address; a message addressed to the broadcast address is received by all hosts in the subnet.
How to Ban IP Addresses
The Firewall utility in Windows 7 allows you to easily ban Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of your choice. All computers on the Internet have a unique IP address that distinguishes them from one another. Once you have banned an IP address, the computer assigned that IP address will be not able to connect with your computer in any way. Administrator rights are required on the computer on which you want to ban IP addresses.
How to Block IP Addresses in WordPress
Every computer has a unique Internet protocol, or IP, address. This address is a numerical sequence used to identify the computer on a network. If your WordPress blog or website contains sensitive information, or if your site is attacked by harassing or hurtful commentary, you can block a certain computer from connecting to your WordPress site. With some special coding in your WordPress site's root directory, you can permanently block individual IP addresses.
How to Change TCP/IP Settings in Vista
Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) determines how a network-capable device connects and communicates with other devices. In Microsoft Windows Vista, the TCP/IP-related settings control whether your computer connects via a dynamic or static connection. While a dynamic connection generally does not require any additional information, a static connection requires you to input your settings in the TCP/IP component manually. You can access the TCP/IP settings within the Network and Sharing Center.
Switch & IP Address Conflict
Using a switch on your network allows multiple computers to access an extended portion of the network. In a home environment the switch typically does not provide addressing, which leaves the duties associated with IP address traffic to the network router and PCs.
