Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) lawmakers yesterday criticized the government for failing to prevent a run on The Chinese Bank, while Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) lawmakers said KMT Chairman Ma Ying-jeou (
馬英九
) should do more to help deal with the problem.
Financial problems within the Rebar Asia Pacific Group recently led to two of its member companies applying for insolvency, which in turn triggered a run on The Chinese Bank, also a member of the group. As a result, the bank was taken over by the government on Friday.
Over the next couple of days, legislators also slammed officials for complacency and incompetence.
The fact that the head of the group had fled a week prior to the declaration of insolvency led to suspicions that the whole thing had been in the planning for some time. Suspicions were heightened when on the 8th Rebar admitted to a reporting delay:
China Rebar Co (中國力霸) yesterday admitted a delay in notifying the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corp of its insolvency claim, in response to a NT$50,000 fine imposed by the stock regulator amid speculation that the company had withheld critical information from its investors.
Both China Rebar and Chia Hsin Food & Synthetic Fiber Co (嘉新食品化纖) under the parent Rebar Asia Pacific Group (力霸亞太企業集團) were approved for insolvency protection by the Taipei District Court on Thursday to pave the way for future corporate restructuring.
"There was a two day delay as a result of our own negligence and three New Year holidays over the weekend," the company said in a filing to the stock exchange.
What happened next was inevitable, given the close relations between regulators and companies.On Jan 10, in the best Inspector General style, the prosecutor's office announced that raids were imminent:
Backed by leads which prosecutors categorized as a "major breakthrough," the Taipei District Prosecutors' Office yesterday said it was poised to raid subsidiaries of the Rebar Asia Pacific Group (
力 霸亞太企業集團
) "at any time."
"Probe actions could be launched anytime after investigators gained possession of documents relating to a potential scandal involving the Rebar Group," Taipei District Prosecutors' Office spokesman Lin Jinn-tsun (林錦村) said.
Taipei prosecutors were yesterday collecting and analyzing documents relating to a possible insider trading and embezzlement scandal in the Rebar Group.
"Prosecutors have received a possible lead from the Financial Supervisory Commission [FSC] on a suspected case of illegal trading involving The Chinese Bank and other firms," Lin said, adding that the FSC documents would serve as "a solid base for the investigation."
Lin said that Lead Prosecutor Chuang Cheng (
莊正
) would head a team of four Taipei prosecutors and investigators in probing the case. They will also investigate whether the group illegally invested in the Chinese market using shareholders' money, Lin added.
The FSC said it found "frequent and substantial amounts of unusual selling activity" involving shares in The Chinese Bank (
中 華銀行
), Chia Hsin Food and Synthetic Fiber Co (
嘉新食品化纖
中國力霸
) last month. The latter two companies filed for insolvency protection on Thursday.
No doubt shredders all over Rebar fired up at that announcement. The next day headlines read Rebar Raided:
A large team of special agents from the Bureau of Investigation raided the headquarters of Rebar Asia-Pacific Group (
力霸亞太企業集團
) and questioned The Chinese Bank general manager Wang Lin-chiao (
王 令僑
) yesterday.
Taipei District Prosecutors Office Spokesman Lin Jinn-tsun (林錦村) said that four prosecutors and more than 150 special agents were assigned to qquestion personnel involved in the case.
After receiving warrants, the investigators raided offices and residences in Taipei City and Taipei and Ilan counties. The raids began at 9am, and were ongoing at press time last night.
At the Rebar Group's headquarters on Zhongxiao E Road in Taipei, Prosecutor Lu Hsiao-yun (盧筱筠) led a group of special agents during the raid and questioned Wang Lin-chiao, group owner Wang You-theng's (王又曾) seventh child. After a short interrogation, Wang Lin-chiao left with a small group of agents, but he returned to his headquarters at around 3pm.
He later told reporters that he had guided the special agents in a raid on his residence.
"I was simply cooperating with them [the agents]. At this time, I feel awkward about the relationship and feelings between me and my father," Wang Lin-chiao said.
The comments in the article highlight the family nature of the business group, in which a business collapse affects individuals across the extended family, for whom the business represents their entire lives. Such family businesses are the very essence of Taiwan business life -- two of the universities I have worked for were family run. The family not only provides the ownership structure, it also creates the template by which employees are supposed to relate to each other. A friend of mine who recently considered leaving a family-run business but then decided not to was told, by an employee entirely unrelated to the family who owned the business: "We knew you'd come back to the family." Even in businesses where there is no blood relationship, the owners have some tie that binds -- such as going to the same school, or even the same birthday or same last name.
That same day the Gary Wang, Chairman of ETTV, one of Taiwan's most rampantly pro-Blue media, criticized his father
"To be frank, my father asked me for money, but I wouldn't give it to him. That's why this crisis came to a head. It's humiliating and regrettable. But we are in an era run by companies -- I couldn't just give him money like that," Gary Wang said in an interview with the Chinese-language United Daily News. "The value systems of our two generations are different."
Wang You-theng left the country on Dec. 30, Gary Wang said, adding that the departure was so secret that none of the Wang family members knew.
"On Dec. 31, he [Wang You-theng] called [his sons, Wang] Lin-i (王令一) and [Wang] Lin-chiao (王令僑) from Hong Kong and told them to come meet him there. He told them that he was finished, that he couldn't face society," Gary Wang said.
"My dad won't come back," he said.
Wang You-theng's sons Lin-i and Lin-chiao are vice chairman of Chia Hsin and vice president of The Chinese Bank, respectively.
Prosecutors began to detain family members on January 12:
Chia Hsin Food and Synthetic Fiber Co (嘉新食品化纖) general manager Wang Lin-i (王令一) and Union Insurance Co (友聯產險) president Frank Wang (王事展) were held on suspicion of violating the Securities and Exchange Law (證券交易法).
The detentions came as authorities investigated the parent group of the companies, Rebar Asia Pacific Group. The Rebar Group's chairman, Wang You-theng (王又曾), fled to China on Dec. 30 with his wife, and is suspected of having embezzled millions of dollars from the group.
Lin-i is Wang You-theng's son, while Frank is his younger brother.
They were the first two people to be detained in the Rebar case.
"We found it necessary to detain the two defendants as they are suspected of having earned more than NT$100 million [US$3 million] from illegal transactions. They face more than seven years in prison." said Fred Lin (
林錦村
), spokesman for the Taipei District Prosecutors' Office.
Meanwhile the inevitable political repercussions inevitably occurred as President Chen appointed DP Chairman Yu and Premier Su to handle the Rebar case. Wang You-theng, the head of the Rebar Group, was former KMT Central Standing Committee member, so the KMT also went into damage control mode.
The political fallout spread out from Taiwan as all sides, but especially the pro-Taiwan side, criticized Beijing for becoming a haven for fugitives from China. The Rebar case began affecting China ties.....
Premier Su Tseng-chang (蘇貞昌) yesterday urged China to deport Rebar Asia Pacific Group (力霸亞太企業集團) chairman Wang You-theng (王又曾).
"Many Taiwanese white-collar criminals escape to China. Some of them even make donations to local organizations in China," Su said.
"What they have done really irritates Taiwanese people. I hereby urge the Chinese government to help send them back to Taiwan," he said.
In a separate setting, Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) Chairman Ma Ying-jeou (馬英九) yesterday said that the party would be willing to make contact "via certain channels" with Chinese authorities to ask that Wang be sent back to Taiwan.
He also called on the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) not to shift blame onto the KMT because Wang was a party member, at one point serving in the party's central standing committee.
"The DPP has been the ruling party for seven years, and established the Financial Supervisory Commission. Determining whether or not the bank had problems is the responsibility of the DPP," Ma said while touring Yunlin County.
.....
Earlier in the day, DPP officials had urged Ma to help push China to repatriate Taiwanese criminals to face justice.
A spokesman for the DPP, Super Meng (孟義超), and China affairs department director Lai I-chung (賴怡忠) asked Ma to negotiate with China.
Mung said that many former KMT officials had committed crimes in Taiwan and had fled to China.
In Taiwan, as many commentators have complained, it is common for scandals to trigger resignations under which the resigning official "takes the responsibility" but the practices do not change. Hence, it goes without saying that the head of the financial oversight body, the FSC, resigned:
The Cabinet last night approved the resignation of Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) Chairman Shih Jun-ji (
施俊吉
) in the wake of a run on The Chinese Bank (
中華銀行
), a subsidiary of the Rebar Asia Pacific Group (
力霸亞太企業集團
), which started last Friday after news broke that two other subsidiaries of the group had filed for bankruptcy protection a day earlier.
More than 40 Rebar Group executives have been questioned by prosecutors in the wake of the scandal, and two members of group founder Wang You-theng's (王又曾) family have been detained. Wang fled to China late last month.
At a press conference last night, Vice Premier Tsai Ing-wen (
蔡 英文
) said Shih had tendered his resignation yesterday afternoon to shoulder responsibility for the scandal.
Tsai said that Premier Su Tseng-chang (
蘇貞昌
) had reluctantly approved his resignation.
As to who would take up the vacancy left by Shih's departure, Tsai said Su would discuss the issue with the president, who is scheduled to return to Taipei this morning following his five-day trip to Nicaragua, where he attended the inauguration of Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega on Wednesday.
"I resigned in order to take responsibility for the recent social disturbance caused by the overnight outbreak of long-standing malpractice in the financial sector," Shih said in a text message last night.
On cue, the local pro-Green newspapers launched editorials complaining about China's sheltering of fugitives from Taiwan. The Taipei Times noted on Jan 13 :
But when Taiwanese politicians and businesspeople run off with the cashbox, they head straight for China. And why not? They will be welcomed with open arms in a country where they likely speak the language, knowing they will never have to face the music back home. If Taiwanese authorities make a fuss, then they just have to grease a few CCP wheels to keep the champagne flowing.
If the fugitive gets really lucky, he or she will be adopted by the CCP and used for political purposes, like Chen Yu-hao (
陳由豪
). The former Tuntex Group chairman, after stealing NT$800 million (US$24.42 million) from his firm, spent the better part of a year trying to undermine Taiwan's democratically elected government with sensational faxes to media organizations alleging all kinds of malfeasance by the president.
No doubt he was compelled by his deep sense of moral duty to his homeland, which is why he refuses to return to it and answer the legal charges against him.
Let's not forget former Kaohsiung City Council speaker Chu An-hsiung (
朱安雄
). Chu, who was also president of the An Feng Group, was convicted for his role in the theft of NT$22.7 billion from his firm. In an act of blithering incompetence (or brazen corruption), prosecutors allowed him to wander free on NT$5 million bail for two months before he was to report to jail to serve his sentence. Needless to say, he never showed up for his date with the jailer and his last known stop was -- take a guess -- China.
The following day that same paper opined :
What makes matters worse for Taiwan is that many of the criminals who run off to China use their stolen money to finance projects there. Adding salt to the wound, every now and then some of these criminals are wined and dined by Chinese officials. Such scenes engender great resentment, especially on the part of hardworking Taiwanese who have lost life-long savings to these criminals.
The Taipei Times also listed other criminals who have done the same :
"They are the honored guests of Chinese officials because they carried their cashbox to China or have substantial business interests there," said Lin Ching-tsung (林慶宗), a prosecutor with the Kaohsiung branch of the Taiwan High Court Prosecutors' Office.
The official said because of the lack of official judicial cooperation with China, Taiwan is unable to ask Chinese to apprehend white-collar fugitives.
Therefore, China has became a "haven" for white-collar fugitives, Lin Ching-tsung said.
He then cited a list of such fugitives, such as Eddie Liu (劉偉杰), a former employee of the prominent legal firm Lee and Li Attorneys-at-Law. Eddie Liu embezzled NT$3 billion and fled to China in 2003.
The prosecutor also mentioned Liang Po-hsun (
梁柏薰
), the former president of the Overseas Chinese Bank who fled to China in 2004, after being found guilty of embezzling funds from his bank. Liang Po-hsun was eventually persuaded to return to Taiwan to serve his prison term last year.
However, the prosecutor said, Tseng Cheng-jen (曾正仁), the former president of the Kuangsan Enterprise Group (廣三集團) and former chairman of the board of the Taichung Business Bank (台中企銀), was sentenced to 11 years in jail in 2004 for an embezzlement scandal involving his bank before he escaped to China.
On Jan 20 Taiwan News similarly complained:
A Ministry of Justice Investigation Bureau spokeswoman in Taiwan said, however, that of the 227 Taiwan criminal suspects now overseas, China had the biggest share. Some are prominent business people.
Of the 73 Taiwanese suspects believed to be in China, 60 are suspected of economic crimes and most of the others are wanted for some form of corruption.
Beijing has returned just three suspects to Taiwan.
And pro independence group 908 Alliance hacked on Beijing ....
With cross-strait charter flights in the spotlight ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday, the group's leader Peter Wang (
王獻極
) said China should arrange a special "criminal charter flight."
Wang was speaking at a joint press conference with Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) Legislator Kao Chien-chih (
高建智
).
"It would be very dangerous for the [DPP] government to agree to cross-strait charter flights. We think it is a matter for the Executive Yuan to review," he added.
Since the Chinese government has claimed that it is willing to work with Taiwan to crack down on crime, it should show its sincerity by repatriating Taiwanese criminals who are hiding in China, Wang said.
Peter Wang's comments were prompted in part by the scandal surrounding Rebar Asia Pacific Group (
力霸亞太企業集團
