 
Risks Addressed:
Tying rebar by hand increases your chance of developing hand-wrist disorders due to the high hand forces used to grip pliers, the rapid hand movements used to wrap and twist wire, and the high pressure on the hand and fngers when twisting and cutting wire. If you work at ground level, you also are at risk of low back injuries from frequent and prolonged stooping and bending. 
 
 
How Risks are Reduced:
Use a rebar-tying tool. This lowers your risk of hand and wrist injury because it eliminates the frequent rapid hand motions required when using pliers. Some rebar tiers allow you to work standing up, so there is less stress on your low back due to stooping and bending.
Here is a short summary of research showing improvement in posture and hand stress using these tools.  Workplace Solutions: Reducing Work-Related Musculoskeletal Disorders Among Rodbusters .
 
Quality of Evidence (Risk Reduction):
Safety and health experts believe there is a risk reduction.
 
 
Quality of Evidence Explanation (Risk Reduction):
Biomechanical research shows that high compression forces occur in the spine while stooping, and that sustained or repeated flexion of the spine may decrease the stability of the lower back and increase the risk of fatigue, leaving the back more vulnerable to injury.
While there is considerable research that shows that working in stooped, kneeling and squatting postures causes low back disorders, the research mostly focuses on those postures in combination with other risk factors such as bending or twisting or heavy loads. The literature combining stooped, squatting or kneeling postures with load handling shows rapid and severe spinal damage. There is much less in the literature regarding the health effects of these postures in an unloaded situation - that is, stooping without lifting.
However, safety and health experts believe that it is important to avoid prolonged and repeat forward bending of the back (stooping) even in the absence of the other risk factors for low back disorders.
 
 
Effects on Productivity:
There have been documented increases in productivity. The NIOSH-Ontario studies found that power tying tools can tie rebar twice as fast as hand tying. Actual productivity increases will depend on the type of work and the frequency of tying. Also, contractors and rod busters who used the model of power tool involved in the studies reported they preferred it to manual tying for that work. Before using one of these tying tools, make sure the ties are approved for the job you will be doing.
 
Quality of Evidence (Effects on Productivity):
Manufacturers or vendors have reported an increase in productivity.
Safety and health experts believe there is an increase in productivity.
 
 
Quality of Evidence Explanation (Effects on Productivity):
Workers should experience fewer injuries. Studies conducted by NIOSH and the Construction Safety Association of Ontario (Canada) compared manual methods and one model of power tying tool, and showed that using the power tool may reduce the risk of injury to workers' hands, wrists, and low back.
 
 
Return on Investment:
To calculate the return on investment (ROI) for your specific application, please visit our Return on Investment Calculator. While a specific ROI example has not been developed for this particular solution, the ROI Calculator provides a useful tool and guidance on how to generate your own on investment analysis.
 
