Was this article helpful? 3 1
Understanding of Steel Rebar Sizes and Rebar Grades
By Richard Bose
Today Steel is the most admired building material across the globe and is used in a variety of residential, commercial and industrial structures; from tall skyscrapers to huge sports stadium to homes and shopping malls. Steel beams and especially steel rebars have found extensive usage to provide strength to the building structure. Concrete is basically high density material and has less strength when applied tension. To counter this problem, steel rebar sticks are used to carry the tensile loads in a composite structure. Masonry elements like bricks and blocks are made with strategically placed cavities to accommodate rebar sticks. Huge structures like bridges, dams, garages, jetties where strength under tension is of utmost importance steel rebar sticks are used almost inevitably.
Welding and Bending of steel rebar sticks into custom shapes for fixing them into the brick or block is normally performed by expert reinforcement fabricators or rebar detailers. Cutting and Bending of steel rebar is a complex procedure and requires precision to render greater stability to the structure. The expert rebar detailers uses latest software technologies like Tekla, Revit, AutoCAD and web-based tools to provide accurate rebar shop drawings as per the needs of structure or building. The accuracy of bending operations is crucial to ensure that they fit correctly at the construction site and at the same time keep necessary lap lengths and anchorage length.
Rebar size is one of the decisive factors when creating shop drawings for a structure or a building. Two conventions are being used in steel industry for rebar sizes - Imperial sizes and Metric sizes. Imperial bar method (USA convention) represents rebar diameters in fractions of 1/8 inch, such that #8 = 8/8 inch = 1 inch diameter. Metric bar method (Canadian convention) represents the rebar diameter in millimeters, rounded to the nearest 5 mm.
Standard Metric sizes for steel rebar are 10, 13, 16, 19, 22, 25, 29, 32 and 36.
Rebar is available in various grades that differ in tensile strength, absolute strength, chemical composition and elongation (in %). The grade given is equal to the minimum absolute strength of the rebar in ksi (1000 psi). For example grade 40 steel rebar has a minimum absolute strength of 40 ksi. Rebar is generally fabricated in grades of 40, 60 and 75.
Expertise in structural engineering or structural CAD drafting is not enough for rebar detailing due to the involvement of various rebar sizes, grades and specifications. It requires a perfect blend of thorough knowledge and experience in preparing detailed drawings as per industry standards.
info@outsourcestructuraldrafting.com - to know more about rebar sizes, grades and rebar detailing process email us now!
Richard Bose is Rebar detailer at Outsource Structural Drafting firm - a leading structural engineering services provider offering effective structural drafting, steel design and rebar detailing at affordable rates. To know more about rebar sizes, grades and rebar detailing process email us at info@outsourcestruturaldrafting.com now! Visit us at http://www.outsourcestructuraldrafting.com
Did you find this article helpful? 3 1
Get Involved
