Ergonomically designed handle with a soft grip feature         2-speed power mixer with a soft star...
Popular Categories
Rebar Bender Fabrication
Proper rebar fabrication in the reinforcement of steel or concrete structures plays fundamental function in raising the bar for safety for the construction trade. Rebar fabrication prepares the steel bars with rebar cutters and benders from shop drawings and rebar dimensions for effective reinforcement. Rebar fabrication is a time-consuming and complex process. High quality tools used by fabricators who are involved in construction project helps accelerate the project reduce the amount of waste. Steel workers generally use design drawings from rebar detailers who are responsible for providing comprehensive sheets of calculations and architectural drawings. These computer based rebar drawings assist the fabricators cut and bend the rebar to the exact specifications needed for the project The cutting & bending of [...]
Rebar Cutters and Benders – Get the Right Tools
Rebar steel is commonly used to reinforce concrete and masonry structures. Rebar is often manufactured using carbon steel and is formed with ridges for enhanced anchoring into the concrete. These ridges facilitate the transfer of the load sandwiched between the concrete and steel. Concrete provides the material’s compressive strength, while the steel rebar which is embedded into the concrete provides tensile strength. Rebar and concrete used together prevent the concrete from degeneration. During the most recent earthquake in Mexico City the newer buildings collapsed while the older ones remained standing. This was because the newer buildings did not use rebar, but smooth solid bars instead. Because of this there was no compression strength given to the concrete. Rebar is offered [...]
Information about reinforcing bars and processing machinery
Information about reinforcing bars and processing machinery About Rebars Reinforcing bars are also known as rebars, they are usually made out of carbon steel, and are used in reinforcement masonry structures or reinforced concrete. With given ridges for better anchoring rebars play fundamental role in straightening the concrete blocks. The reason why concrete needs reinforcing is because this material undergoes a very strong compressive load, and it is quite weak in tensile load. Standard Rebars ranges from 4mm to 50 mm bar and they vary in specifications, they usually come as 6m in length. Bar processing equipment Equipments for fabricating rebars vary from machines for bending, spiral bending to cutting, shearing, de-coiling or straightening. They are produced as automatic equipment [...]
