 
International support:
1) You can choose between different measuring systems (for  example US Imperial and Softmetric, European metric). If you do not find a  measuring system adequate for your needs or you prefer to choose different  measuring units (feet-inches, centimeters, millimeters) or bar sizes, please  contact us and we will tailor it to your needs.
2) There is an English and a Spanish version of this software.  This is the web page of the English version. The web page of  the Spanish version is at Software de Ferralla
3) It is possible to print reports in many different languages.  So if your preferred language is not English or Spanish, you can still use one  of these 2 versions (English or Spanish) and print the reports in a different  language. The language used for printed reports is important since they can be  sent to customers and workers, and you can have them in the language of your  choice by purchasing one of the additional report language modules.
4) Support by e-mail, fax of phone can be given is these  languages: English, Spanish, French, German, Italian.
The main features  of RebarWin are:
Generates sorted, weighed and accumulated bar lists.
Prints labels to be tied to the rebar bundles.
Supports Imperial, SoftMetric and European Metric Measuring Systems.
Exports to Excel®      SpreadSheet.
Whether bar lists and labels are sorted (and in what order), weighed and/or     accumulated is decided by the user when they are printed.
Stores standard bend shapes in databases for easy, automatic access. An initial     collection is included which can be viewed in the samples page.
It is possible to graphically define placing requirements. All rebar required in a     structure can come together in the bar list and in the same label, in a high-quality     placing drawing. bar list and label paper sizes can be increased to allow     high complexity structures to be described clearly. These structures can be stored in     databases so that it is not necessary to redraw them each time.
Calculates bending dimensions from other known dimensions.
Calculates straight and bent varying bars.
Whether to apply bending deductions to shearing length and/or weight is decided by the     user when bar lists, labels or statistics are printed.
The length/weight relation and bending deductions can be easily changed and can be     configured differently for different machines.
Rebar Orders are organized by projects and units. It is easy to obtain a list and total     weight for all the orders in a project, unit, type or date range.
Generates statistical reports. It can be known for instance how much has been bent and     how much has remained straight for each diameter and machine, and that in a given project,     unit, type or date range.
The previous features are included in the 60-day trial shareware version,     which you can download freely. The following, export / import and network sharing,     are only available to registered users.
Export Orders (bar detailing lists) and Models (bend types) to a file so     you can send them by e-mail or diskette to another computer. Export / Import     options make possible that detailers in different locations can work on the     same project.
Network sharing.
Changes to the program can be made on demand.
 
