Rebar is available in different grades and specifications that vary in yield strength , ultimate tensile strength , chemical composition , and percentage of elongation .
The grade designation is equal to the minimum yield strength of the bar in ksi (1000 psi) for example grade 60 rebar has a minimum yield strength of 60 ksi. Rebar is typically manufactured in grades 40, 60, and 75.
Common ASTM specification are: [4]
ASTM A82: Specification for Plain Steel Wire for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM A184/A184M: Specification for Fabricated Deformed Steel Bar Mats for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM A185: Specification for Welded Plain Steel Wire Fabric for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM A496: Specification for Deformed Steel Wire for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM A497: Specification for Welded Deformed Steel Wire Fabric for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM A615/A615M: Deformed and plain carbon-steel bars for concrete reinforcement
ASTM A616/A616M: Specification for Rail-Steel Deformed and Plain Bars for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM A617/A617M: Specification for Axle-Steel Deformed and Plain Bars for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM A706/A706M: Low-alloy steel deformed and plain bars for concrete reinforcement
ASTM A767/A767M: Specification for Zinc-Coated(Galvanized) Steel Bars for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM A775/A775M: Specification for Epoxy-Coated Reinforcing Steel Bars
ASTM A934/A934M: Specification for Epoxy-Coated Prefabricated Steel Reinforcing Bars
ASTM A955: Deformed and plain stainless-steel bars for concrete reinforcement
ASTM A996: Rail-steel and axle-steel deformed bars for concrete reinforcement
ASTM A1035: Standard Specification for Deformed and Plain, Low-carbon, Chromium, Steel Bars for Concrete Reinforcement
ASTM marking designations are:
'I' rail A616 (superceeded by A996 [1] )
'IR' Rail Meeting Supplementary Requirements S1 A616 (superceeded by A996 [2] )
'A' Axle A617(superceeded by A996 [3] )
'W' Low-alloy — A706
Historically in Europe, rebar is composed of mild steel material with a yield strength of approximately 250MPa (36ksi). Modern rebar is composed of high-yield steel, with a yield strength more typically 500MPa (72.5ksi). Rebar can be supplied with various grades of ductility . The more ductile steel is capable of absorbing considerably more energy when deformed - a behavior that resists earthquake forces and is used in design.
[ edit ] Placing rebar
Rebar cages are fabricated either on or off the project site commonly with the help of hydraulic benders and shears, however for small or custom work a tool known as a Hickey - or hand rebar bender, is sufficient. The rebars are placed by rodbusters or concrete reinforcing ironworkers with bar supports separating the rebar from the concrete forms to establish concrete cover and ensure that proper embedment is achieved. The rebars in the cages are connected either by welding, tying steel wire, or with mechanical connections . For epoxy coated or galvanised rebars only the latter is possible.
[ edit ] Welding
The American Welding Society (AWS) D 1.4 sets out the practices for welding rebar in the U.S. Without special consideration the only rebar that is ready to weld is W grade (Low-alloy — A706). Rebar that is not produced to the ASTM A706 specification is generally not suitable for welding without calculating the "carbon-equivalent". Material with a carbon-equivalent of less than 0.55 can be welded. (AWS D1.4)
ASTM A 616 & ASTM A 617 reinforcing are re-rolled rail steel & re-rolled rail axle steel with uncontrolled chemistry, phosphorus & carbon content. These materials are not common.
Rebar cages are normally tied together with wire, although welding of cages has been the norm in Europe for many years, and is becoming more common in the US. High strength steels for prestressed concrete may absolutely not be welded.
[ edit ] Mechanical Connections
Also known as " mechanical couplers " or " mechanical splices ", mechanical connections are used to connect reinforcing bars together. Mechanical couplers are an effective means to reduce rebar congestion in highly reinforced areas for cast-in-place concrete construction. These couplers are also used in precast concrete construction at the joints between members.
The structural performance criteria for mechanical connections varies considerably between different countries, codes, and industries. As a minimum requirement, codes typically specify that the rebar to splice connection meets or exceeds 125% of the specified tensile strength of the rebar. More stringent criteria also requires the development of the specified ultimate strength of the rebar. As an example, ACI 318 specifies either Type 1 (125% Fy) or Type 2 (125% Fy and 100% Fu) performance criteria. [5]
For concrete structures designed with ductility in mind, it is recommended that the mechanical connections are also capable of failing in a ductile manner, typically known in the reinforcing steel industry as achieving "bar-break". As an example, Caltrans specifies a required mode of failure (i.e., "necking of the bar"). [6]
[ edit ] Safety
To prevent workers and / or pedestrians from accidentally impaling themselves, the protruding ends of steel rebar are often bent over or covered with special steel-reinforced plastic "plate" caps. "Mushroom" caps may provide protection from scratches and other minor injuries, but provide little to no protection from impalement.
[ edit ] Designations
For clarity, reinforcement is usually tabulated in a "reinforcement schedule" on construction drawings. This eliminates ambiguity in the various notations used in different parts of the world. The following list provides examples of the different notations used in the architectural, engineering, and construction industry.
New Zealand
Explanation
HD-16-300, T&B, EW
High strength (500 MPa) 16 mm diameter rebars spaced at 300 mm centers (center-to-center distance) on both the top and bottom face and in each way as well (i.e., longitudinal and transverse).
3-D12
Three mild strength (300 MPa) 12 mm diameter rebars
R8 Stirrups @ 225 MAX
D grade (300 MPa) smooth bar stirrups, spaced at 225 mm centres. By default in New Zealand practice all stirrups are normally interpreted as being full, closed, loops. This is a detailing requirement for concrete ductility in seismic zones; If a single strand of stirrup with a hook at each end was required, this would typically be both specified and illustrated.
United States
Explanation
#4 @ 12 OC, T&B, EW
Number 4 rebars spaced 12 inches on center (center-to-center distance) on both the top and bottom faces and in each way as well, i.e. longitudinal and transverse.
(3) #4
Three number 4 rebars (usually used when the rebar perpendicular to the detail)
#3 ties @ 9 OC, (2) per set
Number 3 rebars used as stirrups, spaced at 9 inches on center. Each set consists of two ties, which is usually illustrated.
#7 @ 12" EW, EF
Number 7 rebar spaced 12 inches apart, placed in each direction (each way) and on each face.
[ edit ] Recycling
Workers extracting rebar from demolition rubble.
In China, and many other countries, after the demolition of a building, workers are called in to remove the rebar. They scour the site, extracting the metal using bolt cutters, welding equipment, sledgehammers, and other tools. The metal is partially straightened, bundled and sold. In April, 2012, a pound of such rebar sold for 1.2 RMB per jin (approximately one pound or half a kilogram).
