PROFESSIONAL REBAR SUPPORT FOR CONCRETE FOUNDATIONS
REINFORCE YOUR CONCRETE FOUNDATIONS WITH BAR-LIFT
You’ll never find a tool as versatile and reliable in your concrete foundation reinforcing toolbox as Bar-Lift’s yellow chairs.  Since each chair is designed for multiple sizes of rebar you can use the same chair for several different kinds of concrete foundations.  We offer four different models of yellow chairs that are compatible with different types of construction projects including residential, commercial and tilt-up walls.
This flexibility is a big part of Bar-Lift’s promise to keep the concrete reinforcing process as simple as possible.  Also, our cutting edge design produces a wider range of horizontal support per chair, lowering the number of chairs needed per job.  The end result is that your expenses decrease while the quality of your work and your profits rise. Build stronger concrete foundations.
See the pictures below for a look at our yellow rebar support chairs in action:
REBAR SUPPORT | PROFESSIONAL GRADE | PERFECT FOUNDATIONS
Pour perfect foundations with the Bar-Lift rebar support chair
Bar-Lift is a revolutionary universal plastic support for use in commercial and residential concrete foundations. Many contractors, until now, have been using rocks, broken bricks, or even inferior support products. This results in uneven distribution of the rebar mesh, exposure to the elements, corrosion, and even failure. The pouring of the concrete mix displacing the rebar mesh, workers bumping into or even stepping on the rebar are even more reasons to use Bar-Lift.
Bar-Lift is commonly used in concrete slabs, foundations, walk-ways, columns, bridge construction, and swimming pool foundations. The Bar-Lift chair has sold over 15 million units since 2003.  Bar-Lift now averages over 25 million units sold annually making Bar-Lift the rebar support chair of choice for contractors.
Where are contractors using Bar-Lift rebar chairs?
Residential foundations | Commercial foundations | Residential Driveways | Walkways and sidewalks | Street repairs | Parking lots | Swimming pools, Fountains | Tilt-up walls
Coming Soon: 4×6 chairs for heavy commercial projects!
Are you ready to streamline your concrete reinforcing process?  Then call Bar-Lift at 956-533-9996 and we’ll set you up with the most durable, most reliable rebar support chairs in the industry.  Also, we welcome new distributors and sales representatives for Bar-Lift so if you are interested, send us an email or fax your letter of inquiry to 956-682-1592.
Bar-Lift Rebar Support Chair Website Design and Development | TagleStar Website Studios
