1963
European Metric Rebar Sizes :
Rebar is available in different grades and specifications that vary in yield strength, ultimate tensile strength, chemical composition, and percentage of elongation.
The grade designation is equal to the minimum yield strength of the bar in ksi (1000 psi) for example grade 60 rebar has minimum yield strength of 60 ksi. Rebar is typically manufactured in grades 40, 60, and 75.
Common specifications of Rebar Grades are :
ASTM A615 Deformed and plain carbon-steel bars for concrete reinforcement.
ASTM A706 bars are more suitable for seismic applications, bar bending and welding.
ASTM A706 Low-alloy steel deformed and plain bars for concrete reinforcement.
ASTM A955 Deformed and plain stainless-steel bars for concrete reinforcement.
ASTM A996 Rail-steel and axle-steel deformed bars for concrete reinforcement.
Historically in Europe, rebar is composed of mild steel material with yield strength of approximately 250 N/mm². Modern rebar is composed of high-yield steel, with a yield strength more typically 500 N/mm². Rebar can be supplied with various grades of ductility, with the more ductile steel capable of absorbing considerably greater energy when deformed - this can be of use in design to resist the forces from earthquakes.
Reinforcing Bar Identification :
There are a number of important ways to identify reinforcing bar from the production mill to the fabrication shop to the job site. This documentation and marking system helps provide a wealth of useful information about the manufacturing and composition of each bar of reinforcing steel.
Each individual reinforcing bar is manufactured with a series of individual markings :
The top letter or symbol identifies the producing mill and deformation pattern.
The next marking is the bar size.
The third marking symbol designates the manufacturing material — usually either "S" for carbon-steel (ASTM A615) or "W" for low-alloy steel (ASTM A706).
Finally, there will be a grade marking (4 or 5, for 420 or 520) or by the addition of one line (420) or two lines (520) that must be at least five deformations long.
Placing Rebar :
Rebar cages are fabricated either on or off the project site commonly with the help of hydraulic benders and shears. The rebar are placed by rod busters or concrete reinforcing ironworkers with bar supports separating the rebar from the concrete forms to establish concrete cover and ensure that proper embedment is achieved. The rebar in the cages are connected by welding or tying wires. For epoxy coated or galvanized rebar only the latter is possible.
Welding of Rebar :
Most grades of steel used in rebar are suitable for welding, which can be used to bind several pieces of rebar together. However, welding can reduce the fatigue life of the rebar, and as a result rebar cages are normally tied together with wire. Grade ASTM A 706 is suitable for welding without damaging the properties of the steel. Besides fatigue concerns welding rebar has become less common in developed countries due to the high labour costs of certified welders. Steel for pre stressed concrete may absolutely not be welded.
In the US, most rebar is not suitable for welding. ASTM a 616 & ASTM a 617 reinforcing are re-rolled rail steel & re-rolled rail axle steel with uncontrolled chemistry, phosphorous & carbon content. These are not suitable for welding. To weld rebar you must obtain a mill statement that the reinforcing is suitable for welding.
Rebar Couplers :
When welding or wire-tying rebar is impractical or uneconomical a mechanical connection or rebar coupler can be used to connect two or more bars together. These couplers are popular in precast concrete construction at the joints between members and to reduce rebar congestion in highly reinforced areas.
A full mechanical connection is achieved when the bars connected develop in tension or compression a minimum of 125% of the yield strength of the bar.
 Types of Rebar Couplers :
Suitable for the majority of rebar joining applications
Fast and simple to install
Connects rebar of the same diameter
For use where the continuation bar cannot be rotated
Connects rebar of different diameters
 
No bar end preparation required
Installation requires no specialist equipment
No bar rotation required
Suitable for use on imperial, plain round or deformed bar
Ideal for remedial applications where replacement of damaged or corroded bar is necessary
Connects rebar of the same diameter
For use in phased construction
Connects rebar of different diameters
Provides dead end embedment for bars in concrete
 
Quick and easy to install
For use on large scale, high coupler volume projects
Used where the continuation bar can be rotated
Used where it is difficult but not impossible to rotate the continuation bar
Used where the continuation bar cannot be rotated
