rebar detailing More Details about rebar detailing here.
Offering rebar reinforced concrete calculations and rebar detailing services at affordable rates!
OSD services is an Civil engineering consultancy firm that provides effective rebar detailing, structural concrete analysis and bar bending schedules for the reinforced concrete structures. At OSD we have more than 20 Structural engineers and Rebar detailers committed to offer best-of-class services and detailing drawings to its customers worldwide.
Precision rebar reinforced concrete calculations and dimensions can save time and cost while employing efficient foundation system for home or industrial structure. Our Rebar shop drawings include working drawings that contain all necessary information for fabrication and placement of rebar and they usually show details, plans, elevations, schedules, material lists, and bending details.
Save 60 percent on Rebar calculations and Rebar detailing drawing related requirements by outsourcing to us today!
OSD offers affordable rebar reinforced concrete detailing services such as:  # Concrete rebar design  # Rebar reinforced concrete analysis  # Rebar detailing drawings   # Concrete slab & joint details  # Steel rebar sizes/dimensions   # Rebar detailing samples with detailed calculations  # Rebar concrete shop drawings     While preparing shop drawings we always keep in mind the end customer who is going to read and take information from it. Perfect for small to large structures - right from individual home to complex residential/commercial projects, we can save cost and meet project deadlines. We discuss all the factors (such as aesthetics, functional, load calculations, etc) with your engineer/architect to provide accurate dimensions & analysis for overall strength and stability of the structure.
Send us your specific requirements to help you in best possible way.
info@outsourcestructuraldrafting.com - email us to get FREE custom quote.
Visit us at http://www.outsourcestructuraldrafting.com/rebar-detailing-steel.php for more information.
awesome comments
