1963
Grades
Rebar is available in different grades and specifications that vary in yield strength , ultimate tensile strength , chemical composition , and percentage of elongation .
The grade designation is equal to the minimum yield strength of the bar in ksi (1000 psi) for example grade 60 rebar has a minimum yield strength of 60 ksi. Rebar is typically manufactured in grades 40, 60, and 75.
Common specification are:
ASTM A 615 Deformed and plain carbon-steel bars for concrete reinforcement
ASTM A 706 Low-alloy steel deformed and plain bars for concrete reinforcement
ASTM A 955 Deformed and plain stainless-steel bars for concrete reinforcement
ASTM A 996 Rail-steel and axle-steel deformed bars for concrete reinforcement
Historically in Europe, rebar comprised mild steel material with a yield strength of approximately 250 N/mm². Modern rebar comprises high-yield steel, with a yield strength more typically 500 N/mm². Rebar can be supplied with various grades of ductility , with the more ductile steel capable of absorbing considerably greater energy when deformed - this can be of use in design to resist the forces from earthquakes for example.
Placing rebar
Rebar is fabricated either on or off the project site commonly with a hydraulic bender and shears. The fabricated rebar is placed by rodbusters or concrete reinforcing ironworkers with bar supports separating the rebar from the concrete forms to establish concrete cover and ensure that proper embedment is achieved.
Welding
Most grades of steel used in rebar are suitable for welding , which can be used to bind several pieces of rebar together. However, welding can reduce the fatigue life of the rebar, and as a result rebar cages are normally tied together with wire. Grade ASTM A706 is suitable for welding without damaging the properties of the steel. Besides fatigue concerns welding rebar has become less common in developed countries due to the high labor costs of certified welders. Steel for prestressed concrete may absolutely not be welded.
Rebar couplers
When welding or wire-tying rebar is impractical or uneconomical a mechanical connection or rebar coupler can be used to connect two or more bars together. These couplers are popular in precast concrete construction at the joints between members and to reduce rebar congestion in highly reinforced areas.
A full mechanical connection is achieved when the bars connected develop in tension or compression a minimum of 125% of the yield strength of the bar.
Safety
To prevent workers and / or pedestrians from accidentally impaling themselves, the protruding ends of steel rebar are often bent over or covered with special steel-reinforced plastic "plate" caps. "Mushroom" caps may provide protection from scratches and other minor injuries, but provide little to no protection from impalement.
Rebar designation
For clarity, reinforcement is usually tabulated in a Reinforcement Schedule on construction drawings. This eliminates ambiguity in the various notations used in different parts of the world. The following list provides examples of the different notations used in the architectural, engineering, and construction industry.
New Zealand
Explanation
HD-16-300, T&B, EW
High strength (500MPa) 16mm diameter rebars spaced at 300mm centers (center-to-center distance) on both the top and bottom face and in each way as well, i.e. longitudinal and transverse.
3-D12
Three mild strength (300MPa) 12mm diameter rebars
R8 Stirrups @ 225 MAX
"D" grade (300MPa) smooth bar stirrups, spaced at 225mm centres. By default in New Zealand practice all stirrups are normally interpreted as being full, closed, loops. This is a detailing requirement for concrete ductility in seismic zones; If a single strand of stirrup with a hook at each end was required this would typically be both specified and illustrated.
United States
Explanation
#4 @ 12 OC, T&B, EW
Number 4 rebars spaced 12 inches on center (center-to-center distance) on both the top and bottom faces and in each way as well, i.e. longitudinal and transverse.
(3) #4
Three number 4 rebars (usually used when the rebar perpendicular to the detail)
#3 ties @ 9 OC, (2) per set
Number 3 rebars used as stirrups, spaced at 9 inches on center. Each set consists of two ties, which is usually illustrated.
See also
