 Rebar Suppliers
Field Handling Guide for Epoxy Rebar Suppliers
Since its first application on a Pennsylvania bridge deck in  the 1970’s, the world has seen widespread use of rebar coated with fusion bond epoxy.   Rebar suppliers and organizations such as the Concrete Reinforcing  Steel Institute (CRSI) are aiming to improve  and promote epoxy-coated reinforcing bars through committee initiatives,  research, marketing and other special projects involving this coating technique  using fusion bond epoxy.  Rebar suppliers, however, should be aware  of various field-handling techniques essential to the success of this product. Quality  control at the job site is just as important as it is during the manufacturing  process.
Remember that epoxy rebar suppliers deliver a product  to the job site that has gone through considerable processing and testing prior  to shipping. Suppliers go to great lengths to ensure that the epoxy coating is  of good quality and free of defects, because if the epoxy coating is damaged,  salts and water can seep through it and attack the steel.
Rebar Suppliers Epoxy
Epoxy rebar suppliers have provide five basic steps for the  correct field handling of rebar:
Receipt       of Material:  When unloading, take care not to damage       the epoxy coating.  Never use chains       or bare cables to unload.  If the epoxy rebar suppliers have       provided a long bundle, use spreader bars or additional nylon straps at       pick-up points.
Storage:        When storing the rebar at the job site, always use wooden dunnage       or other protective cribbing between the ground and the rebar to prevent       sagging. Epoxy rebar suppliers stipulate that the product shouldn't be stacked directly on the ground or       on other unprotected surfaces.
Placing:        Epoxy coated rebar requires the same hoisting and handling techniques       and precautions for placing as discussed for unloading. It requires more       careful handling during placing than uncoated bar.
Final       Inspection and Repair:  Once the rebar is placed, a final       inspection must be made to locate any placing and handling damage.  Repairs to damage must be done carefully       and meticulously.
Concreting: When pouring the concrete, take       caution when waling on the rebar not to drop anything such as hand tools       or construction materials on the placed bars.
Epoxy rebar suppliers understand that using common sense  precautions and some extra care will eliminate most jobsite damage.  Most importantly, the epoxy rebar suppliers realize that no system is perfect and damage  may occur, but this damage must be cleaned and repaired as soon as possible.
Purchase Rebar Supplies
 
