For more images :: Click Here
A rebar or reinforcing bar refers to a common steel bar, which  is commonly used in reinforced concrete and reinforced masonry structures. Rebar  are generally formed from carbon steel and for better anchoring into the  concrete, these rebar are given ridges. Though concrete is very strong in  compression, it is weak in tension. By casting rebar into the concrete, this  imbalance between compression and tension is nullified.  
Masonry structures and the mortar holding them together have  similar properties to concrete and also have a limited ability to carry tensile  loads. Some standard masonry units like blocks and bricks are made with  strategically placed voids to accommodate rebar, which is then secured in place  with grout. This combination is known as reinforced masonry.
While any material with sufficient tensile strength could  conceivably be used to reinforce concrete, steel and concrete have similar  coefficients of thermal expansion: a concrete structural member reinforced with  steel will experience minimal stress as a result of differential expansions of  the two interconnected materials caused by temperature changes.
Steel has an expansion co-efficient nearly equal to that of  modern concrete. If this weren't so, it would cause problems through additional  longitudinal and perpendicular stresses at temperatures different of the  temperature of the setting. Although rebar has ridges that bind it mechanically  to the concrete, it can still be pulled out of the concrete under high  stresses, an occurrence that often precedes a larger-scale collapse of the  structure. To prevent such a failure, rebar is either deeply embedded into  adjacent structural members, or bent and hooked at the ends to lock it around  the concrete and other rebar. This first approach increases the friction  locking the bar into place, while the second makes use of the high compressive  strength of concrete.
REBAR SIZES
U.S. Imperial sizes: Imperial bar designations represent the bar diameter in fractions of 1⁄8 inch, such that #8 = 8⁄8 inch = 1 inch diameter. Area = (bar size/9)2 such that area of #8 = (8/9)2 = 0.79 in2. This applies to #8 bars and smaller. Bars higher in number have a slightly larger diameter than the one computed using the 1⁄8 inch formula.
Canadian metric sizes: Metric bar designations represent the nominal bar diameter in millimeters, rounded to the nearest 5 mm.
European metric sizes: Metric bar designations represent  the nominal bar diameter in millimeters. Bars in Europe  will be specified to comply with the standard EN 10080, although various  national standards still remain in force.
GRADES
Rebar is available in different grades and specifications  that vary in yield strength, ultimate tensile strength, chemical composition,  and percentage of elongation.
The grade designation is equal to the minimum yield strength  of the bar in ksi (1000 psi). For instance grade 60 rebar has a minimum yield  strength of 60 ksi. Rebar is typically manufactured in grades of 40, 60, and  75.
Common specifications are:
:: ASTM A       615 Deformed and plain carbon-steel bars for concrete reinforcement.
:: ASTM A       706 Low-alloy steel deformed and plain bars for concrete reinforcement.
:: ASTM A       955 Deformed and plain stainless-steel bars for concrete reinforcement.
:: ASTM A       996 Rail-steel and axle-steel deformed bars for concrete reinforcement.
Historically in Europe,  rebar comprised mild steel material with a yield strength of approximately 250  N/mm². Modern rebar comprises high-yield steel, with a yield strength more  typically 500 N/mm². Rebar can be supplied with various grades of ductility,  with the more ductile steel capable of absorbing considerably greater energy when  deformed - this can be of use in design to resist the forces from earthquakes  for example.
Expertise in CAD or expertise in structural engineering is  not enough for rebar detailing. It’s a perfect combination of the two with thorough  knowledge in preparing detailed drawings as per global standards. Rebar  detailers of Advenser are a perfect combination, who can offer you rebar  detailing as per global standards.
USA
