Print this article
Rebar
Rebar is the shortened name for a reinforcing bar.  Rebar has been used for over 150 years in construction to reinforce concrete construction.   Most rebar is made of stainless steel, to prevent corrosion.  Steel expands and contracts at the same rate as concrete, eliminating cracking issues that might come from materials that expand and contract at different rates.   Using rebar in a project such as a concrete driveway will help prevent the concrete from buckling and cracking under the stress of vehicles driving over it.
Rebar verses Mesh
One alternative to rebar for driveway reinforcement is welded wire mesh.  The mesh consists of galvanized panels of welded wire.  Heavy gauge welded wire mesh panels can provide reinforcement for driveways which will not be routinely driven on by heavy vehicles such as construction vehicles or industrial trucks.  Mesh is typically used by contractors who pour driveway concrete to a thickness of 3-4 inches because it is a thinner reinforcement and less expensive than rebar.  However, according to Tim Carter at Ask the Builder.com, if you can afford to have a thicker driveway poured, it's better to use number three rebar, which is 3/8 inches in diameter for reinforcement.
Using Rebar
Rebar is best used in a driveway for which 5-6 inches of concrete can be poured.  This is because rebar is comparatively thicker than galvanized mesh reinforcement.  The proper way to use rebar reinforcement is to ensure that it is laid in the exact center of the driveway.  To do this, a driveway will need to be poured in stages.  Half the driveway concrete will need to be poured to a depth of 3 inches.  Then the rebar reinforcement should be put down in an 18 inch grid spacing.  You should keep the edges of the rebar the same distance from each side.  If the concrete is not thick enough consistency to prevent the rebar from sinking, it will need to be propped up on blocks.  Then the final layer of 2-3 inches of concrete should be poured on top of this.
Related Searches:
