Use Working Stress Method of Design
Use a Modular Ratio of N=2 (for 4,000 psi concrete)
Use a maximum allowable tensile stress of 18,000 psi
At spliced joints, use an overlap of 40 x bar diameter
Bond Strength to concrete is approximately equal to that of steel rebar
Transverse shear strength is 30,000 psi
FRP Rebar Data and Design Information
What is the E value of the FRP rebar?
Per the University of Arkansas Test result: 7.86 x 106 psi
How does the Modulus of Elasticity affect design planning?
The high Ultimate Strength to a low Modulus of Elasticity (E) Ratio, deflection      is the limiting design factor. Deflection is a function of Modulus of Elasticity,      all other factors being equal (i.e. shape).
Does the Modulus of Elasticity change with the different sizes of FRP      rebar?
No. It is an inherent physical property of the material.
What is the mode of failure?
Glass does not yield. Yield strength and ultimate strength are the same point.      Glass is a brittle, not a ductile material.
How does the flexibility, or low Modulus of Elasticity, affect design?
The designer deals with deflection by using more FRP reinforcement than he      would in designing for steel, i.e., more or larger bars; or by using deeper      beams, etc.
What form is the Stress/Strain curve?
The Stress/Strain curve is a straight line to failure, at a slope equal to      E, up to Ultimate Strength of approximately 150,000 psi (approximately 4 times      ASTM Grade 40 steel)
What is the Fatigue and Stress/Strain Relationship?
The University of Arkansas test report was based on several hundred tests      for which stress/strain curves were plotted. We know that FRP does not fatigue      when stressed to no more than 1/2 of its ultimate strength. It does not yield      as do other materials such as steel. Ultimate strength and yield strength      are the same. It would be extremely unlikely that FRP rebar would be designed      to working load of more than 1/4 of Ultimate Strength (approximately 160,000      psi)
What is the Ultimate Strength for the different sizes of Rebar?
"Ultimate Strength" refers to per unit values. It is a physical property      of the material itself that applies to all sizes and shapes into which the      material may be formed. Tests indicate that the Ultimate Strength of the FRP      rebar is approximately 160,000 psi maximum. The "breaking strength" of various      sizes of rebar can vary in inverse relation to bar size - from 160,000 psi      for smaller sizes, to 100,000 psi for larger bars.
How do you use FRP rebar in beam and slab design?
The designer is simply using a material with different physical properties.      As a result of the difference in the physical properties (in this case a lower      value of E), he will arrive at different amounts of reinforcements, beam sizes,      column dimensions, etc. than if he were designing in other materials.
How do you tie the bars together?
Cable ties of plastics clips.
Can the FRP rebar be bent by the customer?
No. Resins are cross-linking thermo-sets. Cure is a chemical reaction, not      a change of physical state. All ACI bends are available by manufacturer.
What is the life span of FRP rebar?
The FRP rebar has been in use for over 20 years, without any evidence of      degradation. Life expectancy of the FRP rebar is - forever!
What are the most efficient ways to cut FRP rebar?
With a hack saw, brick saw, or diamond chip saw.
Are there any special storing requirements?
No. FRP rebar will not rust. It is non-corrosive and is unaffected by electrochemical      deterioration. Storage of FRP rebar prior to placement will no cause deterioration.
How well does FRP rebar bond with concrete?
The FRP rebar is a deformed bar. Bonding is comparable to steel.
What is the composition of the FRP rebar?
The material is a composite of cross-linking polymer resin matrix reinforced      by continuous glass filaments in a Reinforcement to Matrix Ratio of 70/30      percent by weight.
Fiberglass roving is drawn into a tank of thermosetting plastic resin where      saturation takes place. The roving is then drawn through an orifice equal      in diameter to the glass-to-resin ratio of 70/30. A spiral winding is applied      and the material is cured continuously, producing a void-free, corrosion-resistant      matrix that bonds and protects the glass fibers.
Series E Rebar. 30% lsophthalic Resin
Calcium Carbonate Filler
70% 113 Yield Fiberglass Roving
Series C Rebar: 30% Vinylester Resin
Calcium Carbonate
70% 113 Yield Fiberglass Roving
What type of resin is used?
lsophthalic Resin and Vinylester Resin.
Does the FRP Rebar have a fire rating?
No. We have a resin rated at 500°F Heat Distortion
Temperature.     We think the rebar will show very little loss
in physicals up to 700° F.     to 800° F.
What makes pultruded products so strong?
Pultrusion is a machine method of producing continuous composite profiles      with high strength and close dimensional tolerances. Glass and synthetic filaments      saturated in polymer resins are pulled through steel dies that shape the profiles      and control the reinforcement-to-matrix ratio. Physical and chemical properties      are (within limits) engineered to the application by resin selection and directional      reinforcement combinations.
Have a question about our products? Contact Tillco
Having A Web Site Problem? Contact
© 1998 - 2009 Tillco Company. All rights reserved.
All trademarks are owned by Tillco Company,
