 
 
"Rock Rebar™" (RR) is a rapidly emerging alternative to steel rebar and fiberglass for concrete reinforcement. The material was specifically designed for a non rusting alternative to steel for marine construction and the road way sections on bridges. The recent price of steel has resulted in the increased production of "RockRebar™" volume has reduced its price to where in many cases RR works out to be more economical than steel.
RockRebar™ is manufactured from 100% pure continuous volcanic basalt filaments. The cross section of each rod of RockRebar™ consists of 10’s of 1,000’s of these continuous Basalt filaments. Each filament is coated with a preparatory epoxy polymer. All filaments are stretched equally taunt and compressed together parallel to each other forming a tight stiff hexagonal lattice that results in 80% CBF and 20% a preparatory epoxy polymer by volume. In addition to this polymer enhancing the natural chemical bonding of basalt with Portland cement, the polymer coated CBF rod is wrapped with a Dacron. This winding produces a spiral deformation of the rod in a fashion optimum to set up a mechanical lock and chemical bond with the concrete it will support in tension. The bundle is coated in granite sand and cured into RockRebar™ to become a sustainable, totally non rusting concrete reinforcement conservatively 2.2 times the tensile strength of series 60 steel at only 1/4th the weight.
Basalt filaments are made by melting 100% virgin crushed volcanic basalt rock of a specific mineral mixture (breed) to a staggering 1665 degrees Celsius for 6 hours.  Very special machinery draws the white hot material through special ceramic and platinum bushings. Once stretched to align the molecular structure and attain the desired diameter they are quenched with a preparatory surfactant resulting in a resilient structure substantially stronger that steel or fiberglass.  The surfactant cooling also enhances the production speed of RockRebar™.
Other that the onetime melting process its production creates no environmental waste, continuous basalt fiber is a sustainable structural material non-toxic in use, or recycling.
Replace Rusty Steel Rebar
