Rebar Enterprises INC. Rebar Detailing and Specialty Rebar Consulting Engineers
About Us
Our Mission
Our Commitment
Experts at Rebar Enterprises Inc are in Rebar Industry since 1989. Our firm office  in Mississauga Ontario Canada is based on principles of high quality, innovative engineering and superior service to our valued customers. The firm is committed to excellence, employing leading edge technology in providing Rebar Detailing services even for most complex and aggressive projects word wide.
Rebar Detailing Team, even for the most discerning customers who understand the fine bond between superior quality-service and Ultimate project success .
"Rebar Enterprises is and continues to be world class firm that I have no difficulty recommending highly for providing rebar detailing services.”
S. D. S. Senior Project ManagerPCL Canada
 
Rebar detailing firm, geared to perform, driven by passions for quality, armed with the latest technology and ever continuing development and training ready to face even the most challenging and unique projects.
Leader: Mr. Emin Buzimkic a well respected professional with his widespread and unique expertise in all aspects of the Rebar business from Design, Construction, Detailing, Fabrication and Placing leads this fine crew ahead with ideas, reputation, integrity and great success in assisting many thriving developers, engineers, contractors and rebar fabricators. A professional who understands that consumers operate in a performance driven industry, with no room for errors or waste, with a commitment and intent to maximize customer’s results.
“Mr. Buzimkic brings a unique perspective to rebar detailing with his background in installation and his outstanding concrete construction knowledge.
Our customers and their consultants have always been impressed with quality of the rebar shop drawings provided by Rebar Enterprises Inc."
J.Z. General Manager A.R.P (fabricator)
 
 
OUR MISSION
Our mission is to set highest standards in service and quality in Rebar Detailing and Rebar Consulting by combining experience, training, innovative engineering, practice and latest technology.
 
 
To cut your expense and time while maintaining       the highest standards, superb service, confidence and trust of our       clients.
To meet even the most aggressive schedules       through diligent application of our systematic procedures and our skilled       and dedicated team.
We firmly believe that it takes true teamwork to       build mutually beneficial trust and relationship.
To faithfully fulfill all contractual obligation       with care, integrity and creative ability.
To continually offer you more value through unsurpassed level of       commitment, professionalism, quality and devotion.
