1.563
1¼ square
It is further recommended that this simplified list of areas become effective as applying to new production January 1, 1925, subject to regular annual revision by similar conference, and that every effort be made to clear current orders and existing stocks of the eliminated areas before March 1, 1925.
…
Prior to 1917 dealers in new billet reinforcing bars carried a minimum of 15 sizes in two grades of steel. Under the pressure of war conditions the variety in sizes and grades was reduced in number, with consequent relief all along the line. The War Industries Board was instrumental in the first application of simplification to the reinforcing bar industry, just as it initiated similar practice in many other industries.
However, with the exigencies of war removed, there has been a tendency to reinstate the discarded sizes, and the former confusion has returned to disconcert producers, distributors, and users. Furthermore, there are to-day very definitely three grades of reinforcing bars on the market—“structural grade,” “intermediate grade,” and “hard grade.” This means that the dealers have now more costly inventories with which to cope, and it means that they have been hampered in the matter of giving minimum quotations on public works.
The dealers are convinced that a simplified list of sizes is desirable.
…
Representatives of mills producing more than 80 per cent of the annual tonnage of the steel used for reinforcing bars attended the subsequent meeting of producers, distributors, and users. At that time it was the opinion of the conferees that “square” and “round” are merely inexact descriptive terms, and that the fundamentally important characteristic of steel reinforcing bars is the cross-sectional area. It was therefore unanimously moved that this recommendation be expressed in terms of area, and that the sizes be mentioned only for the purpose of providing equivalents for the information and guidance of those who have been accustomed to the use of that nomenclature.
After one item had been added to the list originally submitted the simplified practice recommendation was unanimously accepted.
…
Whether or not a single grade of steel for reinforcing bars would satisfy all requirements is a question that is technical in character and one which has been referred to the Association of American Steel Manufacturers and to the American Society for Testing Materials.
At some future time a recommendation covering this subject of grades will be presented for the consideration of a conference similar to the one under review. If it proves practicable to fabricate reinforcing bars of a single grade of steel only, the inventory problem of distributors will be decidedly lightened. The present recommendation reduces the number of piles of stock from 96 to 33. The establishment of a single grade of steel for this commodity will place distributors in a position to further reduce from 33 piles to 11, If dealers can concentrate upon 11 piles of stock, they will be free to use released investment to cut costs to consumers and to strengthen their own business organizations generally.
 
CRSI Manual of Standard Practice. 28th ed.
Schaumburg, IL: Concrete Reinforcing Steel Institute, 2009.
Pocket Guide for Field Inspection of Rebar.
Schaumburg, IL: Concrete Reinforcing Steel Institute, 2008.
