UK
11/6/2009
Don't really understand the bad rap this place has got. However, my understanding may be hindered by the use of a company credit card. Having said that, still, I'd come back for a $15 cocktail if I felt like treating myself. Honestly.
The crowd (Friday evening after-work bunch) seemed a good mix. I saw neither your 'douchebags' nor your stuffy suit or public school types. Everyone was just enjoying the view and the drinks.
Service was lovely. My dad has this strange tendency to introduce me to everyone -  'this is my daughter Helen' - as if that's quite a normal thing to do... to a barman. It is not, but the barman took it in his stride so well done him. He also didn't take offence at my wrinkled nose at the concept of a margarita with avocado in (actualy can't taste the avocado, but it's a decent margarita). He also mixed a mean cocktail. Really - the hibiscus thing was a bubbly glass of greatness. Not one of the six we tried (when a vodka will set you back the same, you may as well go wild, people) was too sweet - my pet hate - and all were pretty delicious. They were also strong. Tick, tick, tick.
The view is great, the bar is a nice place to while away the evening and the bar snacks are plentiful and delicious. Even the bathrooms are special - full length frosted glass beats craptastic vinyl any day.
Two things I do not understand:
A seven thousand dollar bottle of brandy.
The name. To me, 'rebar' means a steel reinforcing bar. Is it a clever reference to the incredible quantities of reinforced concrete in the building (which is, to be fair, an interesting case study in reinforced concrete construction - but maybe 1) only if you're a geeky engineer like me and 2) not while you're drinking cocktails).... or is it just a weird name. Strangely, all the drinks had daft names too. Answers on a postcard please.
So, controversially, I don't think it's that overpriced. Take off the four bucks overhead for location (come on, look out the window!) and you've got a cocktail far better than the unoriginal badly mixed crap served up at some places. Good for a treat, that's all I'm saying.
Trump: good wig, good drinks, bad naming policy.
Was this review …?
