Home
Rebar Tools
Let's first start off with what you need to do with the rebar.  Do you need it Cut / Bent / Combo / Tied / Carried ?  Maybe you need all of the above.  Well we have the tools that will help you do all of these things, and not only will these tools be quicker and safer.  They will also save you money.
Cutting   
First question is; what size and strength of rebar will you be cutting?  By size of rebar I am not referring to the length of the bar, but to the diameter of it.  How thick is it?  Most rebar has a number stamped on it.  This number is the millimeters of diameter of the rebar.  We want to convert this number to inches.  To do that just take the number and divide it by 25.4.  Let’s say the rebar says 19.  Then you take 19 ÷ 25.4 = .75.  This rebar is 3/4”.  Rebar is manufactured in 1/8” increments.  Typical rebar sizes range from 3/8” for smaller jobs to well over 1” for bridge or sky rise construction.  The different sizes of rebar are abbreviated with numbers.  So for example; 5/8” rebar is abbreviated as just #5 rebar, while 7/8” rebar is #7 rebar.  Just take the size of the rebar in eighths of an inch, put it over the number 8, and your rebar size is the top number.  So 1-1/8” would be 9/8 or #9 rebar.
How hard is the rebar?  Rebar hardness is measured in grades.  The larger the number the harder the bar.  Typical rebar grades are 40, 60, and 75.  The good news for you is that our Benner-Nawman rebar cutters are the most powerful cutters in the industry and are designed to cut up to 75 grade rebar without breaking a sweat.
Now that we have the size and hardness of rebar to be cut, you are ready to pick out the right rebar cutter for the job.  Our electric/hydraulic cutters range in capacity from #5 bar up to #10 bar.  All of our Benner-Nawman cutters are portable so they can be brought right to the job and even cut bar after it has already been placed.  We even have a cordless rebar cutter, the DCC-1618 is an 18V battery operated #5 bar cutter with a rotating head.  Most of our competitor’s rebar cutters are only designed to cut grade 40 rebar, and do not hold up to heavy duty grade 60 or 75 cutting day in and day out.  Our most popular rebar cutter is the industry proven DC-20WH #6 capacity cutter.
EZE Bend also offers a line of cutters that will help you get your job done.  The difference with an EZE bend cutter is its portability to allow you to reach just about anywhere in any position.  The EZE bend cutters heads rotate a full 360 degrees, and are significantly lighter then other cutters because the hydraulic portion of the tool is seperated from the cutting head.  This gives the user more options for cutting in different positions.  All EZE Bend products are made in America.  Check out the EZE Bend #6 cutter and the EZE Bend #8 cutter        
Bending
Of coarse the first question again is size of rebar.  (See the first paragraph in the cutting section for how to figure out the size)  Now that we have the size, the next question is:  Do you need to bend the rebar in-place (already set) or before it is placed?  
Let’s start with before it is placed.  What you will be looking for in this case is one of our table benders.  They range in size from the DBD-16X #5 bar bender weighing (90 lbs) to a TYB-HD42A #12 bender (1565 lbs) and everything in between.  These benders can bend rebar from 0 – 180 degrees, and actually, the TYR-HD25B can do spiral bends!  These benders can be used right on the job site or set up in a shop.  I recommend the additional stand for these benders because it brings the top of the bender to an optimal working height of 36”.  This will help the user get work done faster and with less chance of injury because he will not have to bend over to operate the machine.  All of the benders include a foot pedal free of charge so that the user has both hands free to handle the rebar and can operate the machine with his foot.  Some of our competitors don’t offer additional stands for their rebar benders.
What if you need to bend the rebar in-place?  We have several benders that can do that.  The HB-16W weighs only 33 lbs, can be brought right over to the protruding rebar and can bend up to #5 from 0 – 135 degrees.  The DBR-25H has a push/pull system that allows you to bend or straiten up to #8 rebar in-place!  The DBC-16H can cut and bend in-place up to #5 bar.
EZE Bend is the king of bending in place.  EZE Bends #6 and #8 benders can easily bend rebar in tough to reach spots.  They are perfect for many different in-place bending applications.  The main advantage EZE Bend has is its weight.  Since the hydraulic portion of the tool is seperate from the bending head all you need in your hand is the actual bending head.  This reduces the weight you have to carry from over 50 lbs for other tools to just 17 lbs or less!  In addition to this all EZE Bend benders conform to ACI standards.  This means that you are putting approved bends on the rebar, so there is no need to worry about inspection.  Check out the EZE Bend #6 Bender and the EZE Bend #8 Bender
Combo Units
 
Maybe you want to cut and bend with just one unit.  You want the best of both worlds.  You want to have your cake and eat it too!  No problem.  The new DBC-16H can cut and bend up to #5 rebar anywhere you need it to.  It weighs only 40 lbs and is a heavy duty electric/hydraulic tool unlike our competitor’s tool, which has mechanical gears that are susceptible to wear and tear.  We have also taken our rebar cutters and table benders and married them into one unit that can be operated hands free, with a foot pedal.  There are the skid type units such as the DBC-20X and the DBC-25H .  Then there are combos with the cutter beneath the bender such as the DBC-2525 or the DBC-3225 .
Tying
So you need to tie rebar.  Thankfully, with the advancement of new technologies, we now have automatic rebar tying tools.  These rebar tying tools, like our BNT-64 , are great for large amounts of repetitive ties.  A rebar tier will never completely replace hand tying in situations where a special tie is required, such as in some columns and stirrup situations where a saddle or “U” tie is essential.
The BNT-64 does a double wrap tie of 18 gauge galvanized wire.  It only takes 1.6 seconds to do a complete tie.  So if you are doing mats or walls with a lot of repetitive tying, this is the tool for you.  Not only will it save you tons of time, but it helps prevent injuries to hands, wrists, and backs.
Other rebar tiers are on the market, such as the MAX Tier, but the BNT-64 has some clear advantages over the MAX.  Check out this comparison sheet to see the BNT-64’s advantages.
Carrying Rebar
Carrying rebar, pipe, ladders, lumbar, etc. on your shoulders can not only be very uncomfortable but can lead to serious injuries over time.  That is where having the patented Ergo Shoulder on the job can really make a difference. 
With increasing medical costs associated with worker’s comp injuries, more safety departments are requiring the use of safety related products on the job site.  The Ergo Shoulder’s light sturdy design and $32.75 price tag make it a no-brainer.  It protects your clothing, helps balance the load, prevents back injuries, and can be wet down with water to help you cool off on a hot day.  Its simple design allows you to strap it on and take it off in a matter of seconds. 
Verizon Wireless’ safety department requires the Ergo Shoulder for all their telecom workers.
So why buy one of our rebar cutters or benders when you can get the rebar pre-fabricated?
Let’s look at how much a typical rebar fabricator charges to pre-fabricate rebar.  Rebar fabricators usually charge their customers by the pound of rebar to be fabricated.  The average rebar fabricator charges $.50 per pound in addition to the cost of the rebar itself to have it pre-fabricated.  Now let’s see how the costs compare when we go side to side with the initial cost of our popular DC-20WH #6 cutter.
1 foot of #6 (3/4”) rebar weighs 1.5 lbs.  That means that every foot will cost $.75 to have pre-fabricated.
                                                                  Rebar Fabricator ($.50 per lb)          DC-20WH   
20’ x 20’ slab
