More later
rebar3 jpg
Have not had the chance to go into this bar yet although have passed by it many times I believe they have bands that play here and have a small dance floor as well
bnlight JPG
related videos for rebar
Construction Concepts International 1" Portable Rebar Bender 1" portable rebar bender. For sale at CCInetwork.com
Brower Rebar Moment Frame The David Brower Complex will be a model of integrated sustainable design. This mixed use urban project features office space for non-profit organizations engaging in ecologically beneficial work, a conference center, a restaurant, subsidized housing and retail space, over underground parking. The David Brower Center itself is being designed to achieve a Platinum rating from the USGBC. The building will incorporate natural ventilation, sophisticated natural day-lighting strategies, photo-voltaic panels, and rainwater collection. The building's lateral system embodies Tipping Mar's philosophy of integrating sustainable design and high-performance seismic engineering. The system uses post-tension cables in ductile shear-walls and moment frames to create a damage resistant structure with restoring force characteristics. Architect: Solomon ETC, A WRT Company
revit rebar spiral stair.avi rebar to spiral stair. a 2D picture is worth a 1000 words ,a woman a dictionary, a 3d revit model ? better than the real thing!
Gensco TYB-HD35 Electric Rebar Bender Capacity: #8 -- 1" -- 25M c/w dual foot pedal controls, 2 drive rollers with bearings for rotation, and 3 center rollers, 65, 95, & 125 mm diameter (2.5", 3.75" & 5" approx) Split pin stirrup assembly with 2 bending radii. Bars are not dragged through machine, but held firmly during bending. Adjustable hold back device. Simple slide block mechanism allows the operator to quickly and accurately adjust and pre-set up to 2 angles. Adjustable from 0 -- 180 degrees, maximum single CCW bending direction
Rebar Tensile Strength Test - Koury Engineering Rebar Tensile Strength Test - www.kouryengineering.com (909) 606-6111 Yield and Ultimate Yield, Concrete Compression, Testing and Inspection Services
The Rebar Song I had a ton of Fragbite people watching my show - they wanted me to do a song! I LOVE SWEDEN!
Scrolling a hot rolled steel rebar into a coil This is me trying my strength against a thick rebar, which, with a struggle, I manage to bend into a coil!
Hydraulic Electric Rebar Cutter See a Hydraulic Electric Rebar Cutter in action and learn how to properly use them. You can see a full listing of videos on Hydraulic Electric Rebar Cutters.
B & C Rebar Bending Machine Checkout the B & C Rebar Bending Machine in action on this video. It is easy to see how bending rebar is easy on a B & C Rebar Bender Machine.
Electric Rebar Cutter See an electric rebar cutting in action. Thesetype of electric rebar cutters by B & C Rebar are some of the best built in the industry.
EZE Bend Hydraulic Rebar Cutter Bender See more on the EZE Bend Hydraulic Rebar Cutter Bender in action here at Construction Complete.
Automatic Rebar Tying machine Learn about this incredible product that helps you save time and money. Learn how it works and let us know if you have any questions by visiting our website at: www.KelyxTools.com
Rebar Bending Cutting Machines Rebar Bending cutting machines, used by construction people. We offer a range of such machines, very usefulfor construction sites. Our contact: consolidatedmachines@gmail.com
Drilling Re-bar for Sentry Safety Mesh Pool Fence Child safety is a priority. With properly installed pool fencing, you can take control of a potential hazard on your property. As a very real threat, an unprotected pool can quickly become a drowning risk to toddlers, children and even pets. To meet your family's safety concerns, LifeFence.com is offering Sentry's EZ-Guard pool fence product line. It comes in portable sections with poles pre-attached along with all the materials needed to easily construct your fence. The sections are either 12 feet long (for the 4' tall) or 10 feet long (for the 5' tall). EZ-Guard is the new standard in safety. The stainless steel rods contained inside each pole is what makes EZ-Guard stand out from competitors. Unlike traditional aluminum poles, which can break after time or constant usage, stainless steel can be bent and straightened hundreds of times without worry about breakage. Also because of the stainless steel rods, the resulting drilled holes are smaller. When the fence is up, the holes are not visible giving a clean installed appearance. When the fence is down the holes can be capped (caps are included with your purchase). The smaller holes in the deck mean an easier install process because just a regular hammer drill will get the job done. Quick, easy drilling is also assisted by the provided template guide. With little experience required, you can do it yourself and save. www.lifefence.com
Mark and Joe tour Rebar Mark and Joe from YoChicago.com walk around Rebar, the bar and lounge located in the Trump International Hotel and Tower, during the building's grand opening on April 28, 2008.
StreetFilms-PARK(ing) Day in San Francisco REBAR sponsored this wonderful all-day reclaimation of parking spots all over the city. Many groups converted what was car storage to wonderful human uses.
Gensco Electric Rebar Cutting Tool - #8 capacity - 1" RC-25 Rebar Cutting Tool Table top, portaqble hand held cutter Capacity: #8 -- 1" -- 25 mm round Self contained electro-hydraulic cutter Single phase, 115 volts w/protection cover over cutting head, steel carry box, etc.
Heavy Duty Rebar Bender Machine learn how to operate a Heavy Duty Rebar Bender Machine in this video. A Heavy Duty Rebar Bender Machine can bend a lot of rebar in very little time.
Young and New Worker Programs - Harris Rebar Download high quality version here: tinyurl.com Company: Harris Rebar How do you look after young and new workers at your worksite? Health and safety professionals, along with production managers, supervisors, and staff from 13 different BC companies, share their experiences in orientation, training, and supervision of young workers.
Electric Rebar Bender by B & C Rebar Electric Rebar Bender by B & C Rebar can be seen on this video. Lear the proper way to work a Electric Rebar Bender by B & C Rebar.
LKQ Rebar Video
Most Efficient Swastik Rebar Bending Machine B32 & B40 Bar Bending Machine B32 & B40: - •Motor: - Motors are manufactured by Shri Rang Industries an ISO 9001 company as per our customisation because additional attachments like brakes & to increase its efficiency. It is specially designed to increase our products energy efficiency & consistency. Power- 3HP, 2.2 KW, 2800 RPM, 3Phase, 50 Hz, 4.8 AMP, 380 to 440 V. Power for B40- 5HP, 3.7 KW, 2800 RPM, 3Phase, 50 Hz, 4.8 AMP, 380 to 440 V. Model- Avadhut Frame 90 Motor Rating Continuous Insulation Class Using A class material but maintaining as B class. Enclosure Type TEFC Duty Rating S1 •Production Capacity: - Maximum Dia.: - 36 mm in normal steel. In case of FE-500 grade steel it will be 32 mm. Single bars can be bend of size from 25 mm to 36 mm. In-case of Dia 20-24 mm dia 2 bars can be Bend at a time. And in-case of 10 mm to 19 mm 4 bars can be bend at a time. Speed of 8 bends per Minute. •Production Capacity for B 40: - Maximum Dia.: - 46 mm in normal steel. In case of FE-500 grade steel it will be 42 mm. Single bars can be bend of size from 28 mm to 46 mm. In-case of Dia 22-27 mm dia 2 bars can be Bend at a time. And in-case of 12 mm to 21 mm 4 bars can be bending at a time. Up to 12 mm 5 bars can be bend at a time. Speed of 8 bends per Minute. •Accessories: - Sets Standard Tools & Bending accessories for all size of bars are supplied with each machine. You dont require any external accessories. The machine is made for just plug & play. •Electrical Parts ...
Construction Concepts International Rebar Tying Gun Quickly ties rebar together in less than 2 seconds. For sale at CCInetwork.com
driving rebar with rotary hammer This is a demonstration of a ground rod driver, powered by a rotary hammer, being used to drive rebar into the ground (to anchor landscaping timbers). The rotary hammer is a Bosch model 11264EVS, and the ground rod driver bit is a Bosch HS1924. The rebar is 1/2" diameter, and is about 3' long. This is much faster, easier and safer than using a sledge hammer to drive the rebar.
Electric Rebar Cutter Comparison The DC-25X portable #8 (1 or 25mm) rebar cutter takes on the new Wacker RCP-25 cutter. Both are cutting #8 grade 60 rebar side by side. The DC-25X from Benner-Nawman clearly is a cut or two above the Wacker, nothing cuts like a DIAMOND. Now, let's get ready to rumble!
Rebar amateur bodybuilder day three doing triceps and chest.
Steel Rebar Tensile Test A #5 Grade 60ksi steel rebar is tested to failure in tension. Yielding, necking, and failure are shown.
REBAR's PARKcycle REBAR's PARKcycle on the streets of San Francisco during PARK(ing) Day 2007!
DBC-16H Rebar Cutter and Bender The DBC-16H is a portable combination rebar cutter and bender for #5 grade 60 rebar. It is heavy duty. It can cut and bend in place. Great for any job. Won't get tired or break down on you.
Rebar bender cutter machine Fully automatic operation: Straightening from wire roll rebar, bending angles (Intergrated 5 angles automatically) and cutting. Complete hoops, can use immediately without repair! Operating modes: Automatic and semi-automatic -In automatic mode: straightening, bending and cutting. Complete hoops. -In semi-automatic mode: modeling and cutting steel with any length. Max. Dia: 8mm Votage: 220V (*) Wattage: 1500W Weight : 110kg Dimensions: 1200x500x500mm (*) (*)Option: 3phase 380V/50-60HZ (*)Machine dimensions excluding the desktop and the wire stand, disassembled during transport. Please contact for detail: Hong Phuc Lam Co., Ltd Add: 21-A12, D2 Street, Ward 25, Binh Thanh Dist, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam Tel: 84 - 8 - 73035422 - Fax: 84 - 8 - 73036422 Email: info@hongphuclam.com - Web: www.hongphuclam.com ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Tran Minh Thang (Mr.) - Sales manager HP: 0982.450.405 - minhthang@hongphuclam.com
THE REBAR DSD Door Frame Jamb Reinforcement Security Device by kickproof.com The REBAR DSD™ was developed to STOP residential door kick-ins and uses state of the art cutting edge technology to produce the most advanced security product ever developed in the world today. The REBAR DSD is a precision engineered, high tech, heavy duty steel door frame and door jamb reinforcement shield that fits all standard residential door frames and jambs. The REBAR DSD laminates your existing softwood door frame and jamb, instantly converting it into a solid metal door frame and jamb with insurmountable strength and durability. The REBAR DSD is made in Canada from heavy duty 14 gauge cold rolled solid steel (about the thickness of a Canadian two dollar coin) 48 inches in length, 1¾ inches in width, has cuts for the standard 5.5"- 6" dead bolt door latch openings and is powder coated white. The REBAR DSD permanently secures the 4 foot strike zone in your exterior door frame and jamb making it virtually impossible to fail due to door kick-ins The REBAR DSD is installed right over top of your existing door frame and jamb lock strike plates and is securely anchored in place using twelve 3 inch heavy duty screws that penetrate deep into the existing door frame wall studs. There is no need to cut away or alter your existing door frame or jamb for installation. When properly installed, the REBAR DSD cannot be seen with the door closed. The REBAR DSD is absolutely 100% guaranteed against door frame failure due to door kick-ins. The REBAR DSD™ is available through your ...
SSI's Shred of the Month: Steel Rebar Shredding (D) For many moons, SSI Shredding Systems fans around the world have been asking us to take on steel rebar in a shredder. We were listening... ----------------------- Sign up to receive SSI's "Shred of the Month" at ssiworld.com
Construction Concepts International 3/4" Rebar Bender 3/4" rebar bender. For sale at CCInetwork.com
Wacker Neuson DF16 Rebar Tier This amazing new tool will allow you to get your concrete pour done faster with less labor expense! The new DF 16 rebar tier from Wacker Neuson makes rebar tying fast, efficient and easy. It is well suited to construction companies involved in concrete construction, concrete core activation and installation work. Watch how fast this tool gets the job done!
Rebar Video of students collaborations with Rebar, a San Francisco-based art collective, part of the College of Architectures Artist in Residence program. Several sites, or interventions, at various places across campus April 3, 2009, displayed interactive art; among these were a hammock of fire hoses stretched between trees near the Langford A building, a mobile art gallery in diversity plaza, and giant inflated shapes suitable for tossing about on the lawn outside the Langford Architecture Center.
rebar muskel lal
Drivng Rebar in 13sec~ After SEVEN years of pounding rebar with sledge hammers, a few wikkid smaht auto subb'ers suggested we use technology to assist us. This is the result. What used to take minutes per rebar stake, now take ~13seconds!!!! egads! and a welded fitting allowed driving of curved/candy caned stakes too! work smarter!
Eco-Block Training -- Part 11 Vertical Rebar and Multi-storey Part 11 of Eco-Block's Professional Training Program. Learn how to build with Eco-Block insulating concrete forms from the industry experts. Download manuals, brochures, CAD designs and more at www.eco-block.com/training/default.aspx.
500PLUS® REBAR Overview Video • 500PLUS® Rebar solutions • 500PLUS® Prefabricated reinforcing • 500PLUS® BAMTEC® Reinforcing steel carpets • TRUSSDEK® Steel decking & permanent formwork • 500PLUS® REIDBAR Continuously threaded rebar system • REIDBOX Wide Range of construction accessories steelfixing
ReBar Whipper Trebuchet - 325' Hurl A very short story fueled by Diet Coke, a Pizza, a new Lincoln Electric Power Mig 140C welder and and extra 40' of rebar... and too much time among friends. 320' Hurls with golf balls. TREBUCHET PLANS 6 pieces -- 4' rebar (ladder braces & counterweight hangers) 2 pieces -- 16" rebar (lower support-to-support braces) 4 pieces -- 2' rebar (angle braces) 4 pieces - 4"x2"x1/8" plate (lower/upper ladder braces) 1 -- broom handle 1" X 48" 1 -- 1"X8' steel square tube 1 -- 24"x1/2" threaded rod (arm axle) 1 -- 12"x1/2" threaded rod (counterweight axle) 8 -- ½" nuts & 5 Washers 1 - 4"contruction nail (Firing pin) 1 -- Heavy duty Eyelet Counterweight (I used steel weights) 6' of ¼" rope Leather for Sling Basic Assembly The arm pivot is 18" long with a hole drilled dead center for the axle When fully extended, the arms are equal length. Assemble the structure as shown. 5:1 long:short arm ratio Sling should hang around 26" long A special thanks to my partners in construction Tim & Darren.
On Twitter
Blogs & Forum
blogs and forums about rebar
“Join us for a sit-down breakfast as aSa President Scott Leib welcomes attendees to the forum.   which sits beside Pittsburgh's Monongahela River, will be transformed into an international resort to coincide with our Planet Rebar theme”
