 
FR-800-C Rebar Bender Cutter 
The convenience of a rotary table bender combined with an open jaw       shear places the FR-800-C Rebar Bender Cutter apart from the competition.  Up to 190°       bends can be made while one end of the rebar remains stationary.  This compact electric/hydraulic machine plugs into a standard 110-volt       outlet and will both cut and bend up to and including 1" (#8) grade       60 rebar.  2" high bending dies and cutting blades let you stack       3 - 1/2" (#4) bars and bend or cut them at once!
SEE IT IN ACTION!  CLICK HERE TO WATCH VIDEO
Create uniform bends by setting an infinitely variable angle control that accurately controls the rotation of the table.  Two separate angles can be preset.  A foot pedal control and complete bending die set comes standard with the FR-800-C Rebar Cutter Bender.  Add the optional length guide attachment for an easy to use adjustable reference fence up to 4 feet.
New for 2012! - Programmable Angle Control Option
This simple to operate plug-in pendant controller holds up to 6 programmable angles in memory and automatically sequences through them as the shape is being formed.  Spring-back compensation is adjustable in 1 degree increments.  A running counter keeps track of finished parts.  A manually adjustable angle control on the machine can still be used even if the controller pendant is unplugged and removed.  Option cost: $930.00
Click Smaller Rebar Cutter Bender to view info on our smaller tabletop rebar cutter bender model.
Click HOMEPAGE for other rebar cutters and rebar benders.
Click FR-800-C MANUAL to download a .pdf file of the operating manual and parts breakdown. (must have Adobe Acrobat Reader)
Key Benefits
Both cut and bend rebar with one machine
Rotary bender keeps one side of the bar stationary when bending
Cuts faster than a torch or abrasive saw
Bend or cut multiple bars at once
Pricing
CLICK HERE to download our order form and price sheet in Adobe Acrobat .pdf format.       (must have Acrobat Reader)
Description
