Loading...
Uploaded by CaliforniaTravelTips on Feb  7, 2010
California travel expert Veronica Hill ( http://www.CaliforniaTravelExpert.com ) and husband Jason Hill of Chef Tips ( http://www.CookingSessions.com ) share their guide to Disneyland California in this episode of "California Travel Tips."
GET THE DISNEYLAND ESSENTIAL GUIDE app (Universal) on iTunes through Sutro World ( http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sutro-world/id446206531?mt=8 ) or in Android Market at https://market.android.com/details?id=com.sutromedia.android.guide.disney.gui... ..
In this Disneyland video, we'll take you on a tour of the Disneyland Resort and share some of our favorite Disneyland tips with you.
Try to buy your Disneyland tickets online so you don't have to hassle with the lines when you arrive. If you're staying in one of the Disneyland hotels, you can enjoy Magic Mornings, which allows early access into the park.
If you live in Southern California, it's worth your while to buy the Disneyland annual pass instead of a Disneyland ticket. It pays for itself after only three visits.
Disneyland Park is home to eight different lands spread across 85 acres.  You can pick up a Disneyland map when you pass through the gates.
Be sure to check out the most popular Disneyland rides first, as they usually have the longest lines. Always try to use the Disneyland Fastpass service.
At the guest information board, you can find out about Disneyland character appearances, or the next Disneyland parade showtimes. Disneyland hours are extended during the summer until around midnight. Check their Web site for the daily schedule.
In this video, Veronica and Jason check out Splash Mountain, Disneyland Matterhorn and the Disneyland Haunted Mansion, which takes on a whole new feeling during the Disneyland holiday.
Other fun Disneyland Christmas attractions include Reindeer Roundup in Frontierland and the "Small World Holiday" in Fantasyland.
One of the most fun Disneyland secrets are the Hidden Mickeys. We found two on the Pirates of the Caribbean during our Disneyland trip.
Many Disneyland restaurants cater to special dietary needs, whether you're vegan, kosher or gluten free. Call ahead to Disneyland dining and they'll be happy to help you out. Most restaurants at Disneyland offer discounts to passholders.
If you want a good spot to see the Disneyland Fireworks, grab a seat in front of the Disneyland Castle a few hours before showtime.
One of our favorite Disneyland Tips. If your camera batteries go dead, take them to Main Street Photo Supply for a recharge.
We hope you've enjoyed this quick Disneyland guide. For more Disneyland tips and Disneyland information, go to CaliforniaTravelExpert.com
Category:
