170
Disneyland Annual Pass Blackout Tickets
If you have an An Annual Pass but are visiting Disneyland on a blackout day you can buy a discounted ticket. These Blackout Day tickets are $40 and can be purchased at the Disneyland Resort Main Entrance ticket windows.
You must have your Annual Pass with you to purchase a Blackout Day Ticket.
One little known thing about Disneyland Annual Passes is that blackout days do not apply on the day that you purchase your Pass. So if you plan to visit Disneyland and the first day that you want to visit is on a blackout day then you can purchase your restricted pass but still be able to visit the park on that day.
Southern California Disneyland Annual Pass
There are 2 options of annual pass for Southern California Residents. You must show proof of residency of living within these zip codes - 9000-93599.
Southern California Disneyland Annual Pass
This is $174 plus tax. It is valid for 215 days of the year.
Southern California Disneyland Select Annual Pass
This is valid for 170 days of the year and is $134 plus tax.
There is a monthly installment option for both of the Southern California Passholder options. You pay for the price of a single Disneyland ticket upfront and then the rest in 12 equal monthly installments. There is no finance charge for this option - so it it a good option to spread out the cost.
>
Disneyland Annual Pass Discount
There are some ways to get a discount on your Disneyland Annual Pass. 
If you are a Disney Vacation Club member then you are entitled to a $20 discount on any Annual Pass for Disneyland.
Costco in selected Southern and Northern California locations has a an offer. You can buy a voucher  which is valid to exchange for a Deluxe Annual Pass up to 31st October 2009. They are offering a voucher for a Deluxe Annual Pass for the gate price of $269 but this is available with a free $50 Disney gift card. To check that your local Costco is offering this you should call your local store.
Annual Pass Holder Restaurant Discounts in Disneyland Park
Bengal BBQ
