  Hong Kong Disneyland Video
As the newest Disneyland in the world, Hong Kong Disneyland is a must-see because of its special attractions and the inimitable sense of Chinese culture. Walking into Hong Kong Disneyland, you feel you are in a wonderland. Accompanied by Mickey Mouse and other Disney friends, you start a fantastic and magical journey. With unique scenic spots and Disney Theme Hotels, you can go escape from the real world, and make your dreams come true. The availability of delicious Chinese and Asian food is also a lure for many visitors and Disney fans.
The first theme park you might come across is 'Main Street, U.S.A.'. Entering Main Street, you will be amazed by the delicate buildings, dim gas lamp and Paddy Wagon passing by. Antique taxicabs, Disneyland Railroad and the City Hall transports you back to America of the early 20th century. There are Chinese elements here too. Plaza Inn, the first Chinese restaurant in Main Street, complete with 19th Century Chinese table service. With the image of cartoon heroine Mulan everywhere, you come to the conclusion that Mulan is really at home now. Market House Bakery and Main Street Corner Cafe are also good places for you to enjoy. Lingering in Emporium and Main Street Mercantile, having a look in The Curiosity Shop and Silhouette Shop, you will surely find timeless treasures.
If you feel courageous, try Adventureland. Guided by a brave captain, Jungle River Cruise will take you into the heart of hidden regions. Hippos, cobras, elephants, orangutans and startling jungle events are waiting for you. As an attraction originally conceived by Walt Disney fifty years ago, it has been given an entirely new appearance with exciting 21st century Disney magic especially for Hong Kong Disneyland! Festival of the Lion King will keep your eyes glued on the show. Adapted from Disney's animated classic 'The Lion King', this colorful pageant of music and dance is just like a classic music drama because of its consummate performers, costumes and exotic scenery. This is a show that will appeal to all ages. Traveling by raft in the Rivers of Adventure, you land at your destination: Tarzan Island. Exploring Tarzan Island and visiting Tarzan's Treehouse reminds you of the story of this human child raised by gorillas. After your travel to Tarzan Island, follow the rhythm of jungle drums to find the secret of Liki Tikis. Once you are in the circle, the refreshing blasts of water will surprise even the hardiest explorer. Tahitian Terrace Restaurant and River View Cafe here will make you feel satisfied to dine in the jungle. You can even buy a jungle leaf in Professor Porter's Trading Post as a keepsake.
Have you ever been touched by Cinderella's extraordinary story and Winnie the Pooh's adventures in the forest? Have you ever wanted to be a princess such as Snow White or Sleeping Beauty? Do you still remember the little Flying Elephant and Alice in Wonderland? Don't hesitate to come into Fantasyland. Cinderella Carrousel, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, Sword in the Stone, Mad Hatter Tea Cups, Sleeping Beauty Castle, Dumbo the Flying Elephant and Snow White Grotto to make all your storybook dreams come true. You can also join Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and many other friends at a dizzying 3-D attraction in Mickey's PhilharMagic. Wearing special glasses, you can lie on the magic carpet with Aladdin and smell the flavor of Donald Duck soup. Watch carefully and don't forget you are a part of the program; otherwise you might be sprinkled by the soup! The most fantastic place must be The Golden Mickeys at Disney's Storybook Theater. Adapting all the Disney classics into a 25-minute musical drama, mixing acrobatics and special effects, this will make you stop blinking. In the theater, Tarzan swings quickly on the rigging, just like the fan on the ceiling. When The Little Mermaid Ariel appears, the whole theater is submerged by bubbles descending from the ceiling; you really feel that you are at sea. Mulan practicing martial arts and traditional flag dances show the combination of eastern and western culture.
Leave the fairytale wonderland perfectly contented; you can step into Tomorrowland. Screaming in Space Mountain, you will have no time to appreciate the sparkling stars because of the exciting roller coaster. In Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters, you can fly in your space capsule and fight against the aliens with your space gun. If you are weary of the breathtaking attractions, Orbitron is a good choice for you to fly above Tomorrowland and take a rest. After space traveling, take a break at Starliner Diner and Comet Cafe to enjoy some 'earth' cuisine that you can not taste in outer space. Also, Space Traders and Star Command Suppliers will gives you a chance to do some space shopping. Don't forget to watch the Grand Parade and Firework Play after a whole day's play!
When night falls, you crash out at a choice of Disney Theme Hotels all with unparalleled accommodation. Whether you are at the Victorian style Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel or being a big star in Disney Hollywood Hotel, the magic of Disneyland can never stop!
Come to Hong Kong Disneyland, you can find the golden past and the glorious future!
 Park Opening Hours: 
