89% of guests recommend this place.
Atmosphere:
Value:
Top Reviews from Around the Web:
I just love Disneyland and cannot wait to go back as soon as possible! more on Epinions.com
Disneyland is exelent, beautiful, super clean, and the people that works there are very nice. more on Yahoo! Travel
Los Angeles' No. 1 overall attraction and its highest-rated for Child Appeal... powerhouse attractions include Peter Pan's Flight and Pirates of the Caribbean plus dazzling fireworks, don't-miss parades and the breathtaking Fantasmic! more on Amazon.com
The food is really good and you... more on Judysbook.com
I'd highly recommened when visiting to dine outside the park as you will save money and have a satisfing meal. more on ThemeParksOnline
Avg Rating
20 reviews
Top Reviews From TripAdvisor
The usual greatness of the Mouse Park can't be denied. Was cold at night more on TripAdvisor
Most rides are great, but they ruined Star Tours. It's not worth the wait. Spend the time waiting for Indiana Jones, instead. more on TripAdvisor
As a 3rd generation Californian.... we are duly proud of many of CA's accomplishment but few equal Disneyland and the Resort. As a former employee ( part time as a lark) the castmembers are truly trai ... more on TripAdvisor
California Adventure chicken skewers were amazing. Cucumber salad was great. It was nice to get something  ... more on TripAdvisor
everything was so pretty and detailed. Staff hlepful and friendly. more on TripAdvisor
Avg Rating
232 reviews
Top Reviews From Yahoo! Travel
i think discneyland is over -priced$$$$ ,disneyland makes it impossible for less-fortunate families to ever go to a place that is suppose to be fun, and not so expense to go too. Ever other park is not expense like disneyland and  ... more on Yahoo! Travel
Disneyand is the best place in the world. Ever. more on Yahoo! Travel
If you go there more than once a year, it is too much. Long, long lines, everywhere for everything. Lots and lots of people standing in line all day, all time. Everything is expensive although still affordable. I calculated we spent  ... more on Yahoo! Travel
Over priced, over crowded, and rides not in good shape. Some interior rides were covered in dust and debris. more on Yahoo! Travel
It's the Happiest Place on Earth for a reason, well worth finding out! more on Yahoo! Travel
See Reviews From:
