CONFIRMED: Darryl Reed 19 APR 96
CONFIRMED: Eric B 22 AUG 96
CONFIRMED: anon 12 JAN 97
There is only one tunnel in Disneyland and that is from Tommoroland's Club Buzz (formally Coke Terrace) to the back of Innoventions.
UPDATE: David 02 SEP 99
There is only one underground tunnel here. I know this because I was a cast member. It is under the coke corner.
CONFIRMED: Carina 08 APR 00
There is another tunnel under New Orleans Square Unlike the one in Tomorrowland/Fantasyland it is not really a tunnel. New Orleans Square is actually built a few stories above ground. The underground area mentioned is actually at ground level. In this building, the ground floor is part of Pirates, some offices, a kitchen, bathrooms, a Cast Member cafeteria (The Diner), some lockers and a few other things. Next floor up is more Pirates, some offices, and other odds and ends. The 3rd floor is actually where the guests enter the Pirate building. It gives the appearance it is underground at first, but if you walk out the back, you end up outside. One entrance is next to the New Orleans Cafe across from One of a Kind shop, and the other entrance is near the restrooms by the train station.
REPORTED: Jennifer Cernosek 10 APR 96
CONFIRMED: anon 21 MAY 96
This sounds like the Utilidors in Walt Disney World.
NOTE: TR Shaw 14 MAR 96
CONFIRMED: Eric B 22 AUG 96
There is an underwater tunnel about 3 feet in diameter that leads from the water of the Jungle Cruise over to the lake at Rivers of America. This was put in effect to allow the scuba divers who go down and pick up dropped items the ability to do there job faster.
REPORTED: Tommy La Rochelle 25 APR 96
The scuba divers work at night (of course) and have to keep the tube open so that the water can flow between the attractions. I remember reading that the water is so murky, the divers often cannot see their hands in front of their faces, even with a light!
CONFIRMED: David Boring 15 JAN 97
All of the water for Sleeping Beauty's castle, the Rivers of America, and the Jungle Cruise are all connected and filtered near the Jungle Cruise located behind one of the buildings on Main Street.
UPDATE: Anthony Gallegos 18 OCT 97
The Rivers of America is connected to the water in the Jungle Cruise, Storybook Land Canal and the Moat around the Castle. The water starts at Storybook Land then flows via underground pipes to the Moat, the Jungle Cruise and to the Rivers of America, where it is pumped back to Storybook Land and starts all over.
CONFIRMED: Michelle Lynne 19 MAY 98
CONFIRMED: David Enertson 20 MAY 98
There is a CLOSED old tunnel under ground that use to go from the Disneyland Hotel to the underground tunnel that is even now under Main Street USA. it use to be from a service elevator in 1970s.
REPORTED: cindy sundes 07 MAR 01
The Jungle Cruise and River of America used to be connected by an open waterway
I see all these things about these underground tunnels going from here to there and things like that. Well, actually almost all of Disneyland has something under it. There is a whole underground place down there. It's where they keep all of the costumes and tools and just about everything for the park. If you go around Disneyland you will notice, most of it is the park and you don't see all these big warehouses around it that they would need to hold everything for that park. So all of it's underground.
REPORTED: Jeff 09 JUL 97
Actually, Disneyland does not have an elaborate network of tunnels undergorund; that's Walt Disney World. The only underground staff area in Disneyland is in New Orleans Square, where they have "The Deck" employee diner, some offices and a little storage space. All of the behind-the-scenes work actually happens behind the park proper, and looks quite a bit like a slightly upscale warehouse district. It's really weird to enter this area from the park because you're in the fantasy world of Disneyland one second, and in total reality the next.
UPDATE: JK Grence 20 SEP 97
There are actually very few "tunnels" under Disneyland.. Most of the buildings have Basements, and some of these are connected... New Orleans Square is built upon a very large basement... part of it is Pirates ride ayatems, part is the New Orleans Main Kitchen, one of the cast cafeterias "The DEC" or "Westside Diner" is down there, as are various storage rooms, elevators, and electrical rooms... This Basement does NOT connect to anywhere else... And, to get from Toontown to Critter Country, you have to walk AROUND the River, either backstage, or through the park... there is NO tunnel under the River. Scott (Do not link to me...)
UPDATE: Scott 07 MAR 98
I would like to confirm the fact that there is not an elaborate tunnel system under Disneyland. This concept was developed too late to be included in the original construction of Disneyland, but was used in the construction of Disneyworld in Florida. I have had the opportunity to go backstage while in college, and it does indeed look like a huge wharehouse district. I was amazed to see how close together each Land really is. It is such a long walk inside the park!
CONFIRMED: Beth 20 NOV 99
Actually, there are three tunnels in Disneyland, though none as large as the one running underneath Tomorrowland. One is under the French Market/Blue Bayou in New Orleans Square, the other beneath the Villige Haus in Fantasyland.
CONFIRMED: CaptainEO 29 APR 00
The costumes that the cast members wear come from a huge builing in the back and are washed daily. If you ever notice the cast members, a lot of them might be heard complaining about the costuming department for never having the right sizes.
REPORTED: Chip Arthur 11 JAN 99
CONFIRMED: Hannah 16 APR 02
After months of rodent infestation, Disneyland finally sought to check the rodent population by natural selection. They brought in cats to hunt them down. Wild cats still roam the park to this day, appearing late at night and early in the mornings, wisely hiding from the public during business hours.
Disneyland has always had a problem with cats! If you look back to news reports, to when they went in to build the walk through attraction, in the Castle, they found almost 100 cats living there. Disney brass won't do much with the scary cats that are in park now, because they help solve the rodent problem.
They are even fed by cast members. The cats take care of rodent problems, as well as providing entertainment to those Cast Members taking their breaks in the backstage area. The cats also pick up and take care of any food dropped, or left laying around, they truly help out a lot.
Cats have seen on Main Street at Carnation Plaza Gardens, once a pair of pure white kittens with their white mother (in the bushes to the side and sort of behind the food counter area) and a grayish tabby playing and pouncing near the stream at Carnation Plaza Gardens. Definitely weird to watch the cats playing in what they call their home, while tourists are eating, shopping and riding rides at Disneyland. One of the best places to see them is in Thunder Ranch BBQ area. They have even stopped the Big Thunder Rail Road, by tripping senors and confusing the computers.
CONFIRMED: Scott Mackay 10 MAY 96
CONFIRMED: DisneyGrl 23 MAY 96
CONFIRMED: Jonathan Reuel 07 JUN 96
CONFIRMED: anon 03 JUL 96
CONFIRMED: Mike 23 JUL 96
CONFIRMED: Eric B 22 AUG 96
CONFIRMED: Gallagher 20 AUG 96
On Indiana Jones where you exit and you can see a bit of water, I saw an extremely cute black and white kitten.
CONFIRMED: Olivia Astika 26 OCT 96
One of the cats at the Main Street Train Station has been named Retlaw by the conductors, Charlie & George, who feed and take care of him. Retlaw is Walter spelled backwards!
CONFIRMED: Gregory Shoop 28 OCT 96
My friends and I were waiting at the ToonTown Train Station, and a little girl that was in line behind us pointed out that there was, in fact, a yellowish cat behind the white picket fence on the other side of the tracks. I thought the extra wildlife was pretty cool!
CONFIRMED: Jaron Dempsey 11 NOV 96
I saw a cat eating grass in the zebra scene on the Jungle Cruise.
CONFIRMED: Patti 16 NOV 96
CONFIRMED: Todd Richards 23 DEC 96
I saw a black and white cat hiding among the Indian village in the Rivers of America. I also saw a yellow tabby near the (former) Fantasyland Gondola entrance. It was enjoying the hospitality of several Cast Members, who where giving it food.
CONFIRMED: Jordan Wasyliw 14 MAR 97
The cat named "Retlaw" by the train workers is a tribute to the old days, when the monorail and train workers were employed by a Disney company called Retlaw, which is Walter backwards. I saw a grey tabby cat by the castle, and a black cat with white patches where Big Thunder Ranch used to be, and is now the Festival of Fools.
CONFIRMED: Tangaroa Jr. 17 JUL 97
We were on the Jungle Cruise and saw a yellow cat sunning itself with the lions. Everyone on the boat got a big kick out of that, and the guide told us that that was the special Disney animatronic cat up there. We loved it.
CONFIRMED: MaryJo Mellado 06 MAR 98
There is a small kitten living in one of the areas of the outdoor queue areas for Indiana Jones. It is the area with a couple of boxes of artifacts, a desk, a chair, and a green lamp. A cast member told us it was Indy's guardian kitty.
CONFIRMED: anon 24 SEP 98
Like most of the animals in Disneyland, the wild cats that roam the park are becoming more and more tame. One of the last times I went on Indy there was a cat licking it's paws in the queue. The people around me were all reaching down for the cat (we were on the incline that leads to the temple, and the cat was right below us,) and the cat didn't even attempt to run away.
CONFIRMED: chernabog 23 NOV 98
Recently I was let into the back pet cemetary by a cast member...while back there, she had told us that there are cats that live back there, and that the cast members actually feed the cats themselves. I could even see some food bowls sitting out for them towards the back.
CONFIRMED: FantasmicJ 23 FEB 99
First, they tried leaving hot dogs laced with cyanide out for the rodents, which they hoped, would eat the hot dog, travel down to the River of America to take a drink and fall in. The next morning, the boat would skim them off the top. If any were found floating during the day, they would be hooked on to a canoe. This worked for a while until a little boy ate one of the hot dogs and fell ill. So Disneyland brought in about one dozen cats (I think) and set them loose in the park. They are still there today, but hide during business hours. So, if you do see one, look closely, it may not be an audio-animotronic!
CONFIRMED: Stacee 07 MAY 00
When Big Thunder BBQ isn't in use, kittens and cats can been seen lurking about the tables and rocks. They're so adorable!
CONFIRMED: AprilDecember 06 OCT 00
When I went to Disneyland last winter I was going on the Disneyland Railroad. While I was waiting for the train to start I saw a white cat wondering around, then it went into the bushes. Then another time at night I was on It's a Small World, and we just exited the building, and were on our way to the enterance/exit. There I saw the same white cat on the grass by the tracks of the train. I tried to get it's attention, but then it ran away.
CONFIRMED: Shaida 22 OCT 00
On President's Day, Feb 19th, I purposefully walked past the Big Thunder Ranch. Despite the rain, I saw a cat run directly toward the restrooms.
UPDATE: Jeremy 22 FEB 01
They originally released 50 cats
CONFIRMED: cindy sundes 07 MAR 01
CONFIRMED: Meg & Jared 21 APR 01
While on the train between New Orleans Square and Mickey's Toontown I saw a white cat sitting in the woods watching us. First time I've ever seen the feral felines there.
CONFIRMED: Andrew Johnson 01 DEC 01
When we were eating that the Country Bear Restaurant that looks over the River of America, three cats meandered out from the underbrush and walked amongst the tables. There were two tabbies, and a white one. One of the tabbies came right up to me and let me pet it. The other two were skiddish, though.
CONFIRMED: PrincessAurora 11 DEC 01
There are some new additions to the cats in the park. I was at Disneyland, on the Mark Twain, yesterday for Mother's Day, and saw about two litters of kittens wondering around. Because most of Critter Country is under construction right now, they were playing on the lower deck of the Country Bear Restaurant with their moms watching. No one was around to disturb them and you can tell the kittens just opened their eyes. I guess the new generation of Disney cats are arriving!
CONFIRMED: anon 13 MAY 02
I have seen a cat before on the side of Grizzly Peak. It was around 8:00 at night.
CONFIRMED: Joey 24 MAY 06
I read numerous people's cat sighting reports, but has anyone ever seen a mouse at Disneyland? I saw a little white mouse while I was in line for Big Thunder. I saw it when I was standing under the tracks; it was up near the bottom of the tracks. I was younger at the time and my dad said that maybe it was a relative of Mickey's!
REPORTED: Lisa 31 MAY 01
In front of Indiana Jones a few years ago when my family and I were at Disneyland there were actually a family of possums, even babies! My sisters were scared to go on the ride because of them...
REPORTED: Emily 04 JUN 06
I was sitting on the walkway just outside of Sleeping Beauty's castle, and as I looked into the water/moat, I could have sworn that I saw a turtle pop its head up! So... being a HUGE fan of turtles (they are so cute!), I got my friends' attention and we watched, and sure enough, it stuck its head out again! Now, how in the world did a turtle get in there??? and I wonder if they bother the swans... ;)
REPORTED: Nichole 27 JAN 02
A while after Disneyland opened, they started to have insect problems. Since they certainly did not want insects (mainly flies) disturbing the guests, and it was Disneyland, where flies should not be allowed, they brought in over 2000 tinier flies, invisible to the naked human eye. These special flies eat the larvae of the larger one, and eliminated the fly problem.
REPORTED: Stacee 07 MAY 00
Monorails travel up to 35 mph.
REPORTED: TR Shaw 07 DEC 97
Few people know this, (even though they tell you every time you ride the Monorail), that the Disneyland-Alweg Monorail system was the first daily operating monorail in the Western Hemisphere.
REPORTED: Darrin E. Davis 09 DEC 97
Buy a cup of coffee anywhere in Disneyland, when finished be sure to save your cup. You may then return to any restaurant or stand which serves coffee and ask for a refill. So you just have to pay for the 1st cup of coffee if you save your cup.
REPORTED: IceWizard 16 FEB 97
CONFIRMED: Marty 22 MAR 97
You can get your own great coffee online at AshLaneCoffee.com
The Museum of Jurassic Technology in Los Angeles has artwork is so small that it cannot be seen with the naked eye. Inside one of the needle's heads is the Disney character Donald Duck. There is also Snow White and all Seven Dwarfs.
Every time we go to Disneyland, we see an old man wearing green that is constantly picking up trash. He is not a Cast Member, and never goes on the rides. I have seen him different days of the week and different times of the day.
REPORTED: Domenic 07 JUN 96
There are lots of special little things for kids to do at Disneyland. Everyone knows that you can ride in the front car of the monorail, but you can also ride in the front of the train and in the wheelhouse of the Mark Twain. This last thing is the most thrilling for little kids. They actually get to ring the bell, blow the whistle, steer, and get a special certificate. You can also go up in the Haunted Mansion elevator. That's how wheelchair parties get up anyway, but normal people can too, and you see just how the elevator works. Also, anyone can wake up Jose in the Tiki Room and catch a glimpse of how it works by just asking. And you can get a waterside table in the Blue Bayou by just asking.
CONFIRMED: Christina Flores 08 JUL 97
If your Mickey balloon pops while in the park, Disneyland will replace it anywhere they sell balloons, even if you find a "dead" balloon in the park yourself, or bring an old one back inside.
REPORTED: Bert Bacskai 08 SEP 97
It's true that if your balloon pops, they will give you a new one. While on a ride, someone accidentally popped my son's balloon which was tied to his stroller. I asked a cast member about the rumor of balloon replacements and was sent to Guest Relations. There, the gentleman escorted us to the nearest balloon vendor and had him give us a new one.
CONFIRMED: A. McKee 03 SEP 01
When entering the turnstyle into the park, I accidentally dropped one of those fan spray bottles that I bought the day before. Unfortunately it broke so I couldn't use it, but the cast member near the gate told me that I could go to any vendor that sold spray bottles and they'd replace it for me free of charge. They did, even though the style was of better quality than the original one.
REPORTED: A. McKee 03 SEP 01
Disneyland has its own "jail" where misbehaving guests and the such can be kept while Disneyland Security waits for Anaheim Police to come for them.
REPORTED: Jory 09 OCT 97
I know where the Disneyland jail is. It's in New Orleans Square, very near the train station. There is a horse in the window of the building. Occasionally you'll see a Disney security guard standing outside.
UPDATE: Josh C. 28 OCT 97
There may be a jail in New Orleans Square, but I know there is a jail behind the bank at Main Street in the security building. It is a about 10 ft long and 8 feet wide it has no top and there is a mirror where they can keep an eye on you.
UPDATE: Greg Nelson 01 FEB 98
In Main Street, behind the Fire House, is the DisneyLand Jail. According to my teacher (who had to go pick up a juvinile delinquent (not me)), there are real cells, bars, and everything. Disneyland will go to any lengths to make sure that everyone is happy in Disneyland.
UPDATE: George 25 OCT 00
To let everyone know there is no jail in Disneyland. I was a security cast member and can tell you that there are only two rooms with normal doors that are used for guests that have business with security. But not to say that the APD officer that is reffered to as Delta-1 wont take you to a real jail.
WISHFUL THINKING: Josh 17 NOV 00
Although there are plenty of birds and other animals at Disneyland, Disney augments their sounds when you least expect it. Sure they run recordings on the Jungle Cruise but did you know about the extra bird sounds near the Phantom Fish; the clucking of a chicken near the Festival of Fools? Whenever you stop - listen.
REPORTED: TR Shaw 06 NOV 97
When the park closes at night, big lights, similar to those in a stadium, rise up from behind the buildings on Main Street. I think this is so the workers can see better when they clean at night. At 6:30 A.M., right before the park opens for early entry, the lights turn off and lower back behind the buildings.
REPORTED: Jimmy Zasa 13 APR 98
I was there for early entry about a week ago, and there they were.
CONFIRMED: Luke Davis 15 APR 98
I recently found out that the address to Disneyland is 1313 S. Harbour Blvd. The 13th letter of the alphabet is "M"...leading one to belive that the address stands for the parks most famous resident's initials...M M. I called the City of Anaheim planning and Zoning Dept. and they assured me it was only coincidence.....I think NOT!!!
REPORTED: Darrin E. Davis 28 NOV 97
1313 definitely turns into MM but if you turn it on its side, it looks like 2 mouse ears (the 3s) and two mouse tails (the 1s) that means Mickey and Minnie!
CONFIRMED: GiNsEnG 20 JUL 98
In high school I lived close to Disneyland (in Brea, CA), and I had lots of friends that worked at the park. One of my best friends spent several years as a janitorial worker there (they referred to themselves as "jannies") and always related lots of great stories. He told me a couple of times that so much Coke syrup was used in the park, it would have been too difficult to carry around enough small tanks or those syrup boxes to each restaurant or stand. Instead, he claimed there was a huge tank in the back of the park (to the north of the public areas) that a Coke tanker truck would refill as needed. I'm not sure of the exact capacity of the tank, somewhere between 5,000 and 10,000 gallons, IIRC. To move the syrup to the dispensing points, there was a plumbing system for the syrup! I never saw it myself, so he could have been pulling my leg, but all of his other stories always proved true by my personal experience or photos he took.
REPORTED: Brad Wohlenberg 30 JAN 98
I work at a McDonald's and we use a similar system for our Coke syrup. Because we use so much, it would be incredibly inconvenient to have to constantly change cylinders as each one ran out. Instead, we have two central 55-gallon syrup tanks which are refilled every 5 days by a Coca-Cola truck.
CONFIRMED: Mike Peschka 09 MAR 98
I am a cast member at Disneyland park, at Redd Rockett's Pizza Port. This claim is untrue. Each restaurant in Disneyland has their own soda fountain network with a "Bag-in-a-Box." About 10-15 lbs. of syrup in a plastic bag in a cardboard box. Now, most restaurants in the park also have their own independent CO2 (carbon dioxide) systems. However, some restaurants share them. Like there is only one system for Main St. While Redd Rockett's and Tomorrowland Terace each have their own.
CORRECTION: Darrin E. Davis 30 OCT 98
Did you know that Disney does not have to pay for their Coca Cola soft drinks or any other drinks for that matter? The reason behind these corporate "gifts" is simple. Disney will receive their products for free so long as their main competitors are kept out of the park. Notice why you don't get too much of a choice when it comes to softdrinks? Forget asking for a Pepsi. As long as Coke has their products in the park, Pepsi wont be allowed to sell their stuff. The part that really ruffles my fur is that despite the fact that Disney gets their Coca Cola product for free, they continue to charge an outrageous price for a cup or bottle.$1.85 for a 32 oz. cup that, when filled up with as much ice as possible, really only gives you 12 oz. But that's just one monopoly. Consider other companies that have a stronghold on the competition and outrageous prices. Kodak wants over five dollars for a roll of film! How ridiculous is that? But the biggest rip off of all is their food prices. $6.99 for a cheeseburger meal? You must be joking. The last time my girlfriend and I went to the park, we saw the new raised prices and decided to eat elsewhere. Low and behold, not only did I feed the both of us very well, but we even had change to spare all for the price of $6.85. That's even less than the meal sold at the park without tax for just one person!
REPORTED: J.M.S 28 JAN 98
It is true that Disneyland gets most of their products free. It is not just that they get the stuff free for not selling other brands, but they also advertise. The popcorn is free also. If you look at the boxes that they sell it in you will see that every side has the company name in it. Also, most of the cups in Disneyland say "Always Coca-Cola". They get many more things free also.
CONFIRMED: Christopher Do 31 AUG 98
This is totally true about Disney keeping the competitors out of the park. You will never find a Pepsi, Mountain Dew, or a Dr. Pepper because these are all Pepsi products. Even backstage in the Cast break rooms there is only Coke products.
CONFIRMED: Psyche 17 NOV 98
I toataly agree with you when you say you can go outside the park and get food way cheaper. Its the only thing I don't like about Disneyland. My friends and I all have passes and we go after school (already having eaten lunch) If we can't hold our hunger before we want to leave, we walk over to the McDonald's across the street. Its closer than the car!
UPDATE: Tata 27 JUN 02
When I was in college in 1985, admission price was $16 or $16.50 (I can't remember exactly). It has more than doubled in 13 years!
REPORTED: anon 12 MAY 98
Don't want to pay $6.99 for a cheeseburger meal? The last time my girlfriend and I went to the park, we saw the new raised prices and decided to eat elsewhere. Low and behold, not only did I feed the both of us very well, but we even had change to spare all for the price of $6.85. That's even less than the meal sold at the park without tax for just one person!
REPORTED: J.M.S 28 JAN 98
It's true! Prices at Disneyland have skyrocketed. Admission is at a ridiculous $38. I remember it used to be just $25 to get in. And the food! $6 for a measly cheeseburger, $2 for a box of popcorn, and $1.50 for a Drumstick that usually costs 50 cents. If you want to save money, I suggest you bring in your own food. Pack a lunch, store it in your backpack, rent a stroller, and carry all your stuff around that way. When you get hungry, you can sit anywhere and eat. You can even eat while you're in line for a ride and not waste to much time.
CONFIRMED: Edna Becerra 04 MAY 98
Everyone that got an annual pass between 01-01-98 and 01-31-98 had the wrong expireation date on their passes. Reason, they change the apperence of the passes every year. This year they didn't change it until Jan 31st. So that is probly why they forgot to change the year part of the expiretion dates. So basicly, if you got a pass on Jan. 8th the expire date says 01/08/98 instead of 01/08/99. And the fact that the passes looked like the old ones didn't help much.
REPORTED: Joe Hanson 19 JAN 98
The new parking structure is named the Mickey and friends parking area/garage. It is the world's largest parking garage.
REPORTED: anon 01 AUG 00
Disneyland's Mickey and Friends Parking Structure is currently the largest in the world, it holds over 10,000 cars and security can find your car by just a description in case you forget where you parked. Tokyo Disneyland will have the world's largest parking structure in 2002, I think and it will hold over 15,000 cars. A tram operator told me.
CONFIRMED: Stephanie 28 JUN 01
The world's largest parking garage is located at Detroit Metro Airport, which hold's 11,000 spaces and can be accessed at http://www.metroairport.com . At this site, both the federal and state government back up this fact. Sorry Disney
CONFIRMED: anon 07 MAR 02
The entire park compressed air system is ran by one huge air compressor backstage. If the air pressure gets too low the rides that it supplies will stop functioning as a safety feature. Space Mountain, the Bobsleds, and Big Thunder all share this compressed air line. Unsure if the new Rocket Rods are using compressed air to stop or not.
REPORTED: Sean Reigle 10 JUL 98
In addition to Paul Frees eerie narration in the Haunted Mansion, Frees was to Disney as Mel Blanc was to Warner Bros. He virtually voiced every character in Great Moments With Mr. Lincoln (except Lincoln), Is numerous characters in The Pirates Of The Caribbean attraction, and basically was the narrator in the old Adventure Thru Inner Space ride. In addition, Frees narrated many Disney T.V. shows and record albums.
REPORTED: Brian 28 MAY 98
Paul Frees has been mentioned many times as the host of the Haunted Mansion, pirate voices, etc. Strangely, no one has mentioned his most famous character, the infamous Boris Badenov from the Rocky and Bullwinkle show! He also had a bit part as a radio reporter in the movie "War of the Worlds." An amazingly talented guy.
UPDATE: Steve Dawson 08 JUN 99
Paul Frees, in addition to his many Disney voices, was the voice of John Lennon on the Beatles' ABC Saturday morning cartoon show, from 1965-1968.
UPDATE: Jeff Davis 14 SEP 01
All of the Disney 3D Adventure Shows, such as Muppet Vision 4D, and Honey I Shrunk the Audience, It's Tough To Be A Bug, as well as the since past show Magic Journeys all use the same principle of presentation. Unlike normal 3D show (red/blue lenses) these film use a process of reverse polorization every other frame. The clear glasses are reversed polorized which allow your eyes to detect the difference of angle between the two frames - this method is cheap for filming, and it can be added after filming is done. It also adds a higher degree of control on the 3D effects.
REPORTED: Kenneth Klingensmith 25 JUN 98
Next time you're at Walt Disney World for more than a day, hide a penny anywhere, under a trash can, on top of a partition in a bathroom, etc., chances are, it will be gone the next day! Supervisors use this trick every once in a while to see if the cleaning crew is doing their job.
REPORTED: Michael Littell 04 OCT 95
Did you know that Disneyland keeps their park so clean that if you left a penny under a trash can that is would not be there the next day.
REPORTED: JUAN FREGOSO 17 JUL 98
In regards to the notion that Disneyland is kept so clean that you can leave a penny under a trash can one day and it will not be there the next day, I disagree. I did not have any pennies with me, but I did leave a nickel under the right front leg of the trash can immediately to the right of the Hub (as you enter from Main Street)as my boyfriend and I left one night. The next morning, my sister, two cousins, and I returned. The first thing we did was look for my nickel. Lo and Behold: the nickel was still there.
UPDATE: ChristyB 21 SEP 99
If you're travelling down Interstate 5 just passing the Mouse House at fireworks time, you'll see those fireworks light up the freeway.
REPORTED: Kevin 19 FEB 99
Disney Fireworks Patents: US05627338 , US05739462 , US05526750 , 5440990 and US05339741
A friend of mine worked at DL and he said that at night, while doing a walk through, they turn off the sound but the animatronics doesn't stop. He said its really creepy!
REPORTED: Debby 20 MAR 99
Yes! Early Admission is a great deal. If you join the Magic Kingdom Gold Card Club, you get an offer to purchase a "Passport Plus" which is a Five-Day Passport for the price of Two-Day Passport. Also with the Passport Plus package yiu may request the "Magic Morning". You get into the park 90 minutes earlier (6:30am/7:30am) before the public does and I always choose with my package the free Character Breakfast in a secret location inside Disneyland. As a member of the Magic Kingdom Gold Card Club, your Passport Plus and other goodies are mailed to you by Federal Express. Now here is another secret I will share with you. When you get to the entrance of Disneyland, go to Gate 11, 12, or 13. They are the least crowed and in my opinion are the first gates to open.
REPORTED: James P. McDonald 24 MAR 99
For the last year or so, Disneyland has sold red name badges to the public which say, "Guest of Honor" on them. They sort of look like the Cast Member name tags expect they are red. Well, I purchased one of these red badges and almost everytime I go, I get asked questions by other guests of the Park, as if I work there. Well, I have been to Disneyland many a time so I basically know the Park like the back of my hand (no braggin intended). But, it brings a smile to my face since I know I've helped someone out even though my dream of actually working at Disneyland is at a hold right now. So, yes, please....if any of you out there are planning a visit to the Park, and you need to ask a question, look for people in costume and with a WHITE name badge. Have fun and ride the Monorail for me!
REPORTED: Tadao 04 MAY 00
Yes, you can purchase a name badge (red of course), but did you know that unless the name you choose is either a Disney character or true name, they Will Not create a badge for you? I had badges created for my best friends using their nicknames. They would do one for "JulieBear", but not for the name "Booger." Their excuse ... it might offend him and Disney didn't want to be affiliated with someone's upset. She literally refused to do so for me, and handed me back my money. I just think that the customer comes first, and I wouldn't have chosen the name if I thought he would be offended. So beware of the name you ask for, you just might NOT get it.
UPDATE: Brandee Franklin 28 OCT 01
In the first part of the line for Rocket Rods, there is a rock-like barrier to signal where the line is. On this wall, there are almost none concave parts. This is common throughout the park, because it reduces people putting their trash in little nooks.
REPORTED: anon 06 JUN 99
If you go to a vender cart if you buy a pin throughout the day if you see a cast member with a cuter pin you can ask to trade them and they have to trade you even if their pin is worth more than yours
REPORTED: katie 13 AUG 00
To get the shortest queue lines go on a Tuesday night, although it now closes about 8.
REPORTED: Andrew 24 JAN 02
If you have small kids and need to rent a stroller, you will find out it is very handy. However if you have a multiday pass, the stroller rentals x the number of days you are there can get expensive. Factor in if you leave the park in the morning and return in the evening. We have left our stroller at a train station ie. New Orleans Square and left the park, returned that evening and viola, our stroller remained untouched! Might save you a few bucks! I don't recommend leaving it at the front entrance.
REPORTED: Heepoleeto O. 22 APR 00
I was just reading through here and the price section where one person mentioned about the strollers. If you have the reciept for the stroller that you rented that day, you can leave the park and the stroller and then when you return later that day, show the reciept to a Stroller Cast Member and they'll give you a new stroller.
UPDATE: Letty 15 AUG 01
In the Billy joel song "We didnt start the fire" it mentions Disneyland.
REPORTED: anon 07 MAR 06
