Theme Park Insider Editor
Posted: October 8, 2011
Disneyland, in Anaheim, California, is America's second-most popular theme park, behind its younger sibling, the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World. While Disneyland is much smaller than the Magic Kingdom, it packs many more rides and shows into the theme park, including superior versions of classics such as Pirates of the Caribbean and Space Mountain.
Disneyland premiered a new version of its popular Star Tours ride on June 3, 2011. This is a 3-D simulator ride, based on the Star Wars movies, and frequently has long lines. Arrive early and get a FastPass reservation for the ride, but avoid the crowds by heading to the other side of the park while you wait for your return time. Enjoy Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blasters in Tomorrowland later in the day.
If you have very young children, make Fantasyland your first stop and start with Dumbo to avoid long lines later in the day. (Note that Snow White's Scary Adventures can be just that for the very young.)
Disneyland is open every day; check Disney's website for hours and to buy tickets in advance . If you'd like to eat lunch or dinner at the Blue Bayou, inside Pirates of the Caribbean, call 714-781-DINE several days in advance for reservations.
Disneyland is located just off Interstate 5 in Anaheim, about one hour south of downtown Los Angeles.  You can get driving directions on our Google Map of America's top theme parks.
Scroll down to links for Theme Park Insider readers' reviews of Disneyland attractions and restaurants. Or search our archives for more news about Disneyland .
See all photos | Submit Photo
Readers' Tips for Visiting Disneyland
[1192 + / 208 -] If it is hot, or crowded, go sit in the Tiki Room... A great place to cool down and rest the feet.
[313 + / 48 -] Riding the steam train to the Main Street station can be a great way to get out of the park when Main Street and the hub in front of the castle are packed during parades and fireworks.
[270 + / 118 -] The best time to go to Disneyland is the week after Thanksgiving till the week before Christmas. Its themed for the holidays and has the lowest attendance!
Read, and vote on, more tips for visiting Disneyland .
Where to stay at Disneyland
Disneyland hotels , rated and reviewed by Theme Park Insider readers.
Readers' reviews:
