By Teresa Plowright , About.com Guide
See More About:
disney vacations
Photo courtesy of Disneyland Hong Kong.
In September 2005, the gates opened on this new Disneyland theme park, built on lush Lantau Island in megapolis Hong Kong (-- one of the world's most densely populated areas, with at least 7M potential theme-park goers).
Disneyland Hong Kong Theme Park
It's no surprise that guests will find the four areas--  Main St. USA, Adventureland, Tomorrowland, and Fantasyland -- familiar to Disney theme park fans.
Some features to note:
The Festival of the Lion King -- the excellent live show found at Animal Kingdom in Orlando-- will be part of Adventureland
Fastpass is available for the live shows as well as popular "rides"
Adventureland also has Tarzan's Tree House, Tarzan's Island, and log rafts to Tarzan's Island
Traditionalists will be glad to see the Jungle Cruise, and those who thought this ride was outdated will be happy that the Disneyland Hong Kong version has new special effects. Skippers conduct live commentary in Cantonese, Putonghua or English; guests board whatever boat speaks their language. The skippers' wisecracks have been tailored to different "cultural sensibilities."
Fantasyland has Disney's iconic castle, of course; plus favorite attractions such as Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, Dumbo the Flying Elephant, Mad Hatter Tea Cups
Also at Fantasyland: Fantasy Gardens, where characters meet-n-greet; Snow White Grotto; and a live show, The Golden Mickeys, which is familiar to Disney cruisers-- a glitzy production that pays tribute to top Disney films
Tomorrowland has faves such as Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters and Space Mountain, and Orbitron (a rocket ride originally at Disneyland Paris-- where it looks like an art piece-- inspired by Leonardo da Vinci inventions)
Disneyland Hong Kong also has a public area called Inspiration Lake, featuring boat rentals and a large arboretum.
One caution: Disneyland Hong Kong is Mickey's smallest theme park, and has fewer attractions than other parks.
Expansion
In June 2009, plans were set to add 30 new attractions and three new themed lands, built over five years; the new theme areas are Grizzly Trail, Mystic Point and Toy Story Land. Once the $3.6B expansion's done, Disneyland Hong Kong will have more than 100 attractions in seven themed lands.
Disneyland Hong Kong- Hotels
Guests can choose from two resorts:
the style of the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel is "Victorian elegance", reminiscent of the Grand Floridian at Disney World, or the famous Del Coronado in San Diego. 400 guestrooms.
Disney's Hollywood Hotel features piano-shaped pool, children's playground, much lower price point. 600 guestrooms.
Click on links to the right, for pix.
How do visitors get to Disneyland Hong Kong?
Disneyland Hong Kong has a "Public Transport Interchange" (a people-mover that sounds similar to Disney World's TTC Transportation Center.) Visitors can drive or take taxis or public buses to the TTC; a ferry service is planned.  Meanwhile, Guests at a Disneyland Hong Kong resort can take a free shuttle to the Public Transport Interchange.
Disneyland Hong Kong is a joint venture of The Walt Disney Company and Hong Kong SAR Government.
More about Disneyland Hong Kong:
