3.0 stars From $159
Explore Disneyland - Anaheim
In the heart of California’s Orange County, the Anaheim Disneyland Resort is an ideal destination for a family vacation, with plenty to enjoy for both kids and adults alike. Anaheim enjoys year-round sunshine, with July, August, and September being the hottest months. Average summer temperatures rise to around 85ºF, while winters are typically mild but wet, with January and February seeing frequent rainfall.
When to go to Disneyland Anaheim
With annual visitor figures exceeding 15 million, Disneyland Anaheim is always fairly busy, although summers and school vacations are predictably more popular seasons. Peak season at the Resort runs from May until September, during which there is a full program of shows and entertainments available; however during off-peak times these may be slightly reduced.
How to get to Disneyland Anaheim
Travel to Disneyland Anaheim is easy and convenient, with regular flights both to Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and John Wayne/Orange County Airport (SNA). Some shuttles are available, otherwise the transfer from either airports to any of the Disneyland Anaheim hotels can be made by AirportBus services or by taxi. Amtrak and Metrolink rail services also run to Anaheim.
Why visit Disneyland Anaheim
Disneyland Anaheim opened in 1955 and is home to two theme parks: Disneyland Park and Disneyland California Adventure. Downtown Disney is an entertainment district, with shops and restaurants, including the sports-themed ESPN Zone. Accommodation is available on site as part of Disneyland Resort. Many more hotels can be found a short distance from the Resort, including a range of Disneyland area motels and budget hotels. Why not check into a hotel near Anaheim Convention Center, and visit the city’s own tourist attractions, including the Adventure City theme park and the Grove of Anaheim music venue.
Where to stay in Disneyland Anaheim
Hotels.com offers a wide range of accommodation options both in and near to Disneyland Anaheim, including suites as well as a selection of Orange County hotels a short distance from the Resort itself. Why not check out some Disneyland Anaheim reviews on our website, before booking your hotel online?
Why book with us?
