 
 
Disneyland in Anaheim, California officially opened on July 17, 1955. Today, there are eleven theme parks either owned and operated by the Walt Disney Company, with more to come. Of those, five mirror in many aspects the original Disneyland and are called “The Magic Kingdom.” At its opening, Disneyland was unique. This site is dedicated to exploring the history of Disneyland through the large poster-size maps published and sold in the park.
The Disney Company has used large format maps and models during the development phase of each of its theme parks. In fact, Walt Disney had the map shown here at the upper left drawn in order to gain financing for the project. It only makes sense that at some point Disneyland would release large maps, not for guests to navigate the park, but to be taken home and hung on many children's bedroom wall.
The original map sold in the park measures 36 inches by 24 inches and was drawn by one of the original imagineers of the Park, Sam McKim. The map was released in 1958, three years after the park opened, and was followed quickly by two more maps, also copyrighted 1958. The series of maps presented here show how the park has evolved over time. They show how sponsors have come and gone, in fact, some former sponsors do not even exist as companies any more! You can also see the fortunes and acquisitions of the company through the quality, frequency, and content of the maps. Lastly, the differences between many of these maps are very subtle. Often buyers and sellers on eBay will not necessarily understand exactly which map is being made available on auction.
How to find your map.
If you don’t know the year the map was created (some of the later maps do not have copyright dates) look at the small pictures to the left. Click on the map that looks most like the one you have. This will take you to the maps that follow that color theme.
Welcome to the History of Disneyland Through Maps
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.
— Walt Disney
This website is not associated with the Walt Disney Company, its subsidiaries or its affiliates. This is a non-commercial, not-for-profit effort whose goal is to provide a historical view of the development of the Disneyland Park® and the Disneyland Resort® through large format Disneyland maps sold in the park. Under no circumstances should this site be considered an official representation of The Walt Disney Company. If you are looking for information regarding products, services, travel, or tourist information for the Disneyland Park and Resort, please refer to their web site at http://www.disneyland.com .
Disneyland, Disneyland Hotel, and attractions are the trademarks of The Walt Disney Company. Indiana Jones is a trademark of Lucas film LTD. Roger Rabbit is a trademark of The Walt Disney Company and Amblin Entertainment. All text, except where noted, in this web site is authored and copyrighted 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 by the author. Rights to any and all other distribution formats are reserved by the author of this web page. All rights reserved.
the maps by series
1958 through 1964. Borders of various colors with Disney characters interspersed.
1966 through 1976. Borders are blue and white without any Disney characters.
1978 through 1989. Borders are brown with Disney characters interspersed.
1995 through 2008. Return to the original style of the first series. Borders of various colors with Disney characters interspersed.
Thanks for coming to Mouse Maps. I’m sorry to report that the site that was here prior to May 26, 2012 is no longer available and I’m working as fast as I can to restore the information that was here. You can read more about what happened here .
In the mean time, feel free to peruse the site as it is being rebuilt.
 
