Pasadena, CA
6/8/2012
People scream, kick, and whine about the prices of everything here...  Try to find a nice place where it not only holds high regards to your safety, super clean, has elaborate-detailed scenery and rides, awesome guided-tours, historical value/stories, food (getting definitely a lot better), top-notch customer service, elaborate night time entertainment (Fantasmic, World of Color, fireworks), AND caters to all age types in one whole area.
It is funny how much your views change as a kid to an adult.  When I was kid, it was all about the rides, the characters, the junk food/candy, souvenirs etc...  As an adult, now I see things in a different light.  I still enjoy the rides and seeing the characters, but the details and layout of everything from the plants, lights, "Hidden Mickeys," the queue lines etc... are just amazing.  Some interesting tidbits to know are fun things like most of the plants in Tomorrowland are edible; one of the last attractions Walt Disney himself worked on was the Enchanted Tiki Room; Indiana Jones is the most expensive ride made in Disneyland history; look for the golden spike in the ground of the castle area because it used to signify the exact center of DL...  The list is endless!
I'm grateful to be an Annual Passport holder alongside my mom (thank goodness the monthly payment option is possible or we could never go!) and we have enjoyed incredible times at 'The Happiest Place on Earth' and at the California Adventure Park. We mainly go for being in a nice environment, exercise, watching the shows, laughing our heads off at something silly (e.g. the sleeping "giant ducks" in Storybookland)...  It is a great time all-around.  We do something diffferent each and everytime we go there so we don't get bored of visiting.  
My mom has seen Disneyland since pretty much from its humble beginnings and its evolution into what it is now, just as I have seen California Adventure evolve from over a decade ago.  It is nice to have mom and daughter time at a place that has pretty much been a part of our lives for so long.  
As far as tips go, here are some gems to keep in mind:
1.)  The all-you-can-eat breakfast at the Storybook Teller's Cafe in the Grand Californian Hotel (next to California Adventure) has VERY good breakfast options at a reasonable price.  You get to see the rare characters from Disney movies come around (Brother Bear, Tarzan, The Lion King etc...) too.  I would recommend either going very early when the place opens or waiting about an hour before they stop serving breakfast for the fastest service.  The Character Breakfast at the Carnation Plaza in Disneyland is good, but this one is A LOT better.  
2.)  Grab a Fast Pass early and fast at California Adventure so you can get to see World of Color before all the tickets run out.  I would highly recommend to start lining up at least 15 minutes BEFORE the line-up period in the area it tells you to come back to wait at.  I would say the best views is either all the way at the very front (you will get wet!) or sit further back along the railing with the bushes to get a panoramic, unobstructed view.  The fountains shoot up higher than they used to so everyone can definitely see the show better.
3.)  The Aladdin Musical is a not miss Broadway-style show at California Adventure.  It is absolutely hilarious!  If you are up-to-date on pop culture, movies, and enjoy slapstick humor, you will LOVE it!  Try to get seating in the Mezzanine (ask a cast member if you can wait for it) area as that offers the best viewing.
4.)  Request to sit in the very last row on Big Thunder Mountain Railroad.  It feels like the ride is going three times as fast.  It is even better to experience this at night because it feels like the ride is out of control.  LOL
5.)  Go on a day when the forecast calls for rain or drizzly conditions.  Bring a poncho and just enjoy yourself.  You'd be amazed how empty both parks are.
Was this review …?
