Kinect Disneyland Adventures
Kinect Disneyland Adventures
Experience a place where two magical worlds unite: Kinect for Xbox 360 invites you to take a journey where stories come to life and dreams come true, right in your living room! Explore Disneyland® park — from Main Street U.S.A. to Critter Country — join Peter Pan to battle Captain Hook, high-five Mickey Mouse or hug Snow White.
Bring the magic of Disneyland into your home
Harnessing the controller-free magic of Kinect for Xbox 360, "Kinect: Disneyland Adventures" allows children, families and Disney fans of all ages to explore Disneyland park.
"Kinect: Disneyland Adventures" is your portal to a magical world of Disneyland park adventures through Kinect.
About the Game
Frontier’s collaboration with Microsoft Studios and Disney delivers a highly accurate, open world representation of Disneyland in Anaheim (the game's open world navigation being a first for a Kinect title).
Intended  for players of all ages, “Kinect: Disneyland Adventures” is one of the biggest  games ever published by Microsoft Studios packed with around 100 hours of  gameplay!
Interact  with beloved park characters
Enjoy  challenging adventures!
Dive  into iconic attractions
An  experience for the whole family
Harnessing  the controller free power of Kinect, “Kinect: Disneyland Adventures” allows  families and Disney fans of all ages to explore Disneyland park at their own  pace, enjoy attractions, engage in challenging quests, and interact with  beloved Disney characters using their full bodies and voices, no controller  required
“Kinect:  Disneyland Adventures” has both single and multiplayer experiences. Individuals  can personalize their adventures on their own, and for those challenges that  take more than one set of hands, players can work cooperatively helping each  other out to collect rewards and Achievements
Step  into many of your favorite Disneyland park attractions, and explore the worlds  as you embark on fantastic adventures - fly through Neverland at Peter Pan’s  side and take up your sword to fight Captain Hook, battle your way to the  island in Pirates of the Caribbean and partner with a friend to enjoy the  fascinating world of Alice in Wonderland.
Collect  Disney-themed items and purchase popular souvenirs
Discover  new locations and game experiences, including themed parades and firework  displays
Features
Create memories. Whether it’s your first time or hundredth time  exploring Disneyland park, relive your fondest memories or embark on a  new adventure.
Discover Disneyland park. Whether you want to go on an adventure in your  favorite attraction or explore the entire park, “Kinect: Disneyland Adventures” allows you to play at your own pace and customize your own Disneyland park experiences right from your living room, whenever you want.
Explore attractions. Experience  your favorite Disneyland park attractions as immersive adventures —  explore Neverland at Peter Pan’s side and take up your sword to fight Captain  Hook; battle your way to the island in Pirates of the Caribbean; or partner  with a friend to enjoy the fascinating world of Alice in Wonderland.
Meet the  characters. Share magical moments with  your favorite Disney characters — hug a princess, high-five Mickey Mouse,  collect autographs and accept quests.
Collect and unlock. Collect  Disney-themed items, rewards and Xbox 360 Achievements as you make your way  through the park to discover new game experiences, including themed parades and  firework displays.
Cooperative play. Partner with a friend  or family member to explore Disneyland park; have him or her jump in to  lend a hand on difficult challenges and help you earn rewards. Designed to  adjust difficulty based on skill, “Kinect: Disneyland Adventures” ensures that  everyone is having fun and playing
Reviews and Reaction
What the press are saying about Kinect Disneyland Adventures
Kinect Disneyland Adventures is an amazing achievement and a truly  magical experience.
Frontier are saying there's over 100 hours of gameplay packed into  Kinect Disneyland Adventures and after my time with it I believe them. There's  so much content here and even if you do 100% the game you'll want to come back  over and over as it's so fun.
Graphically the game looks gorgeous and at times you feel like you're  actually in a Disney movie due to some stunning cell shading work. The  characters all look superb with beautiful animations and excellent voice  acting. There's also plenty of instantly recognisable Disney music on offer.
...an absolutely fantastic game that is perfect for the whole family. No  matter your age you'll find plenty of things to keep you entertained. If you  have younger kids and already own a Kinect then you simply must buy this game  for them. If you have kids but haven't got a Kinect or even an Xbox 360 then go  out and buy them those too.
Entertainment Focus
The park looks brilliant, the attractions show great detail and the adventures in each of the worlds are stunning.
The music blends perfectly with the game and adds great  drama to the adventures and I honestly couldn’t tell when they were not able to  use the authentic voice actors.
I was surprised at how much fun I had with the game and despite playing for a  good 9 hours I’ve hardly touched the surface. Frontier have done an excellent  job in recreating the magic of being at Disneyworld and children and adults  alike will have great fun exploring the world, meeting their heroes and taking  part in the whole experience. This game is the perfect Christmas present and a  brilliant reason to buy Kinect.
Xboxer360
Like Toy Story did for rendered animation, Disneyland  Adventures Kinect translates technological potential into creative reality. By  doing so, it turns disinterested onlookers in my family into interested  participants with a surprisingly human experience
If you are looking for a reason to buy a Kinect, this is  it. If you have bought Kinect and not got the most out of it with your  family, Disneyland Adventures is the game you have been waiting for.
Wired.com
Disneyland Adventures ambitiously takes Kinect games  to the next level. Presentation and controls combine to offer a truly  compelling and open world adventure for younger players.
Telegraph.co.uk
The park, the rides, the characters and everything else are wrapped together in some lovely graphics, great audio work and a game engine that never (and I mean never) falters, stutters or slows down. Seriously, the underlying framework this game is built on is impressive given the scale of the environment and the number of characters (yourself, other park guests and Disney characters) on screen at any one time.
The joy here comes from the interaction and the allowing of yourself to be caught up in the world on offer.
IncGamers
GUT CHECK: Should you buy Kinect Disneyland Adventures?   Yes.
Kotaku
Kinect Disneyland Adventures is packed full of polished little aspects that make this game a winner.
NZGamer
...this is a massive title.
Kinect Disneyland Adventures really does make you feel you are at the most magical place on Earth, so transport yourselves there with this wonder of a game.
Godisageek
...the graphics are the same if not better than the quality of the Toy Story movies.
The game is heartwarming, fun, and incredibly well-made.
vgrevolution
Frontier did a great job of transforming well-known Disneyland attractions into interactive games.
GameInformer
Frontier Developments tops Kinectimals with this one, the best Kinect kid's game yet and one of the best Kinect titles overall.
Gaming XP
Frontier Developments tops Kinectimals with this one, the best Kinect kid's game yet and one of the best Kinect titles overall.
Gaming XP
Only on Kinect for Xbox 360
Want to know more? Visit the official
What are Frontier up to?
Post a question on our forums, or why not follow us on Twitter and Facebook?
Microsoft Game Studios Frontier Developments Disney Requires Kinect for Xbox 360
©Copyright 2011 Frontier Developments Ltd. All rights reserved.
'Frontier' and the Frontier logo are registered trademarks of Frontier Developments Limited. All rights reserved.  Microsoft, the Microsoft Game Studios logo, Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox LIVE, Kinect and the Xbox logos are either registered trademarks or trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. The Disney and Disneyland logos are registered trademarks of The Walt Disney Company.  All other trademarks and copyrights are acknowledged as the property of their respective owners.
