Disneyland Paris information
Your trip to Disneyland Paris
Disneyland Paris is the top sight in Paris. Disneyland Paris is a must for children and entertains all ages.
Disneyland Paris is well connected to Paris by metro. You want to visit Paris and Disneyland Paris. We then advise you to book a hotel in Paris . Go to Disneyland Paris on a convenient one day coach tour from Paris .
Aternatively, stay at a Disneyland Paris hotel (can be part of a Disneyland Paris package ) or at a hotel near Disneyland Paris (use booking engine on the right).
Visit to Disneyland Paris
Paris to Disneyland Paris by car
Disneyland Paris (Eurodisney) is located 30 km east of Paris on the A4 freeway from Paris to Germany. Locate Disneyland Paris on Paris map .
From the United Kingdom, Netherlands or Belgium, drive south along the A1. Turn onto the Francilienne (A104) a few kilometers past Charles de Gaulle Airport (closest airport to Disneyland Paris). Don't drive through Paris (peripherique) and her busy traffic.
From Paris, join A4 at Porte de Bercy and drive east.
Book Disneyland Paris hotel
Disneyland Paris metro
For transport from Paris to Disneyland Paris, board RER A metro in Paris towards Marne La Vallee (don't board a RER A metro towards Boissy Saint Leger).
Get off at Marne La Vallee - Chessy RER station ( see red line A4 label ). The station is 100 meters from Disneyland Paris. Check RER A metro timetable online .
Other Disneyland Paris transport means
For your convenience and confort, you can go directly to Disneyland Paris from Charles de Gaulle Airport by taxi. Book a taxi with G7 or Taxi bleu .
Disneyland Paris has its own train station called Marne La Vallee Chessy. It is right at Disneyland Paris entrance. You can board a TGV (super fast train) in London, Amsterdam, Brussels, Frankfurt and other European cities towards "Marne La Vallee Ches" train station. Buy train tickets online .
Disneyland Paris information: have fun at Disneyland Paris
Disneyland Paris information: attractions
More information on top attractions of Disneyland Paris . Locate Disneyland Paris attractions on the map .
The second park at Disneyland Paris, Walt Disney Studios, is also worth your time.
How long should you stay at Disneyland?
A whole day is a good compromise, though you could stay in this region of France for over a week without running out of things to do.
As an alternative to Disneyland Paris hotels , you can book a timeshare rental for a week at MarriottsVillageD'IleDeFrance . If you are in the US, try Disneyland in California or Disney World Orlando vacation packages if your destination is Florida.
Disneyland Paris information: Walt Disney Studios
How much cost Disneyland Paris tickets?
Disneyland Paris tickets cost 61 euro / day per adult and 55 euro / day for children aged 3 to 11. You can buy your tickets online in advance.
It is convenient and almost the same price to buy a Disneyland Paris return trip from Paris with coach transport and entrance tickets (86 euros).
Best time to come to Disneyland Paris
Disneyland Paris is open everyday from 9.30am to 10pm. Avoid the queues as much as possible. For that, prefer a weekday, an off season day. Come early. Your stay will be much more pleasant.
More Disneyland Paris information
