children:
Cars Land Disneyland
Join Lightning McQueen, Tow Mater and other characters from the Disney              Pixar Cars town of Radiator Springs, opening June 15th, 2012. Purchase              your discount tickets now.
» More Info
Drive N Save Promotion
Do today's gas prices have you choosing between a full tank and              a family road trip? We can help with both. For a limited time, you              can get a credit of up to $50 when you take advantage of our road              trip promotion.
» More Information
Disneyland Packages
With the new Disney® Package, you’ll be on your way to the magic even faster. No need to stand in the long lines waiting for tickets, you can be on your way in no time by simply booking this package.
» Click Here
Special Rates & Discounts
A great organization deserves a great discount. Portofino Inn and Suites is proud to offer group discounts.You can always expect more than just room rates that meet your requirements.
» Click Here
Discount Disneyland Tickets
Avoid the lines at the Disneyland gates and save money by purchasing              online tickets! Our guests have a special opportunity to purchase              Disneyland Park Hopper® Tickets at a discounted price.
Portofino Inn & Suites Anaheim Hotel is proud to have received both the      Disneyland® Good Neighbor Hotel Award as well as AAA's / CAA three-diamond      certification.
★ Offer Sign-up:
Take advantage of special offers immediately. Enter you email address        below and receive an exclusive offer today in your email:
Stay in a Good Neighbor Anaheim Hotel near Disneyland® Resort
This unique Anaheim hotel near Disneyland® Resort has been recognized    as "The Most Beautiful Hotel in Anaheim" and is one of the preferred    Disneyland hotels for guests visiting Disneyland ® Park , Disney California Adventure™ Park and Anaheim    Convention Center . It offers affordable rates, Disneyland    Packages , superior service and an unbeatable location    across from Disneyland® Park and is just steps from the Anaheim    Convention Center , providing a hotel experience that visitors love.
Perfect Anaheim CA Hotel Disney® Location
Portofino Inn & Suites hotel near Disneyland® Park , Disney's California Adventure™ Park, and the Downtown    Disney® District is so close that you can walk to all the fun. Or if    you prefer, the Anaheim Resort Transit will pick you up at our hotel and take    you to Disneyland Resort's main entrance. When you're ready to come back,    the Anaheim Resort Transit will pick you up from Disneyland® Resort    and drop you off steps away from our Anaheim hotel (nominal fee applies). Click    Here for interactive Google Map.
Walk to the Anaheim Convention Center
Unlike any other Disneyland hotel this Anaheim    Convention Center hotel , is adjacent to the Anaheim    Convention Center meaning you are just steps away from all the exciting    events, tradeshows and exhibits that the Anaheim    Convention Center has to offer. Besides its close proximity to the Anaheim    Convention Center , Portofino Inn & Suites is also within walking distance    to the new Anaheim GardenWalk dining and entertainment district and just minutes    to the Anaheim Honda Center .
Deluxe Rooms, Suites and Kid Suites
Unlike other hotels in Anaheim CA, our two-room Kid    Suites with bunk beds are perfect for families with children. For    guests traveling without children we offer One    Bedroom King Suites and our comfortable, spacious Deluxe    Rooms . Useful amenities, a high level of service, and a great location,    all for an affordable price.
All the Amenities You Need
Anaheim Portofino Inn & Suites is the perfect place to relax and revive.    After an exciting day exploring everything Orange County has to offer, take    some time to lounge by one of our TWO beautiful outdoor pools and soak in the California sun. A perfect choice for families, Portofino Inn & Suites offers clean, bright guest rooms that will comfortably fit the    whole gang. All guest rooms include plush beds, Free cable TV, Complimentary parking for up to two vehicles and Free    WiFi. There's also a video game room to keep kids entertained. For    snacks and Disneyland® Resort souvenirs, there's a large gift shop.    Incredible location, comfortable accommodations, and convenient amenities, all    at an affordable price, are what make Portofino Inn & Suites a traveler    favorite.
Disneyland Package Deals
This Disney hotel can help save you time and money during your trip to Disneyland® Resort . With our new Disney packages ,    you can book your hotel and tickets in advance. Then just pick your tickets    up at the front desk when you check-in and avoid the busy lines at the park.    It's the best way to start your family vacation and your adventures in the magical    world of Disney® Resorts. Click here    for more details .
Discounted Disneyland® Resort Tickets
Because the Portofino Inn & Suites is a Disneyland® Resort Good Neighbor hotel, discounted Disneyland® Resort Park Hopper tickets can be purchased online or at the reception    desk of this beautiful Anaheim hotel. These discounted Park Hopper tickets are exclusively for our guests and provide access to both of Disneyland® Resort's theme parks for one reasonable price.
Anaheim Portofino Inn & Suites
1831 South Harbor Blvd, Anaheim, CA 92802
714-782-7600 | Fax 714-782-7619
