Please update your Flash player to see this menu.
Disneyland Discounts for Southern California Residents
In the slide show above, you're viewing pictures of attractions at Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure! If viewing Disneyland pictures makes you want to hurry to the theme park, perhaps the discounts mentioned on this page can help! Note: This page covers SoCal Residents' discounts to Disneyland. Not a resident? Please view our "Disneyland Park Discounts for out-of-town guests" page.
Who qualifies as a Southern California resident?
Zip codes 90000-93599 get special SoCal deals at the Disneyland Resort!
Southern Californians are a lucky group---they get their very own special Disney discount prices! This is because the Disneyland Resort stays open 365 days per year...but, out-of-towners often have a difficult time visiting Disneyland any time except during the summer vacation period or on major holidays.  In order to keep the park alive with guests year-round, discounts are given to Southern Californians, who are able to visit Disneyland more frequently than out-of-towners simply because they live closer to the park.
On this page, we'll talk about Disneyland annual passes that are available ONLY to local residents. The good news is that these "locals only" annual passports cost less than season passes available to the general public.  The bad news is that the "local residents only" passports are full of blackout dates on which they CANNOT be used. If you hate blackout dates and want to visit Disneyland Park whenever you'd like, then the info on this page is not for you; what YOU need is a Disneyland Deluxe or Premium annual passport.  If you'd like to read information about Disneyland Deluxe Annual Passports or Disneyland Premium Annual Passports, please use the following link to see the "Disneyland Park Discount Tickets for out-of-town guests" page of our site.
Note: If you're eligible for Disneyland's Southern California special discount programs, carry your state-issued ID on your person when you go to Disneyland Park!  Without "proof positive" of your local residency, you won't be able to purchase Southern California passports!
The one exception to this rule is if you've got an already-processed Disneyland Passport. Once your picture has been taken and your permanent Disney photo-ID has been issued, then if you forget to bring your wallet containing your driver's license, then it's OK.
Disneyland's Daily Ticket Prices for Local Residents
Disneyland doesn't give local residents a break on daily tickets! Southern California residents are very lucky, in some ways, compared to out-of-town guests. SoCal residents DO get steep discounts on certain annual passes. And, every year, they're eligible for the springtime "2Fer" discount tickets...and the special summer discount ticket program, as well. However, most of the year, SoCal residents pay the exact same price for daily tickets to Disneyland (and/or Disney California Adventure Park) that anyone else has to pay!
Daily ticket prices at Disneyland: If all you'd like to do is visit Disneyland for one day, you'll have to gasp at the sticker-shock of Disney's steep prices, just like non-residents have to. The cost for a one day, one park ticket (either Disneyland OR Disney's California Adventure...but not both) is $81 for ages 3 thru 9. For ages 10 and up, a one-day/one-park tickets costs $87. (Yes, that's for just ONE day at ONE park!)
If you want to visit both Disneyland AND Disney's California Adventure in one day, then the cost of your tickets goes up dramatically. The 1 day "Disney hopper ticket" (you may go to both parks) for kids ages 3-9 costs $119. The same 2-park "hopper" ticket for ages 10 & up costs $125. It's nearly enough to take your breath away, isn't it?
Since Disneyland's daily ticket prices are the same for both residents and non-residents, please visit the Disneyland Tickets for Non-Residents page, where you can see a full listing of Disneyland's daily ticket prices.
Annual Passes for Local Area Residents ONLY--
Southern California Select Annual Passport
One of the best reasons to be a Southern Californian is to be eligible to buy the Southern California "Select" Annual Passport. This is the biggest money saver that could ever be imagined by a Disneyland-lover!
* Big advantage: Cheapest price: For only $269 (all ages pay the same price), you'll get a 12-month-long annual pass port good for 170 pre-selected days at BOTH Disneyland Park AND Disney's California Adventure theme park. This pass turns an expensive activity (going to Disneyland Park, of course!) into a  reasonably-priced year's worth of entertainment. (If you're thinking that the price is higher than you remember, then you're right: this pass jumped from $199 to $269 recently...literally overnight.)
* Even bigger advantage: monthly payment plan for SoCal residents only: As you may already know, both the Legoland and SeaWorld theme parks in Southern California have offered monthly payment plans for their annual passes for several years. Disneyland has now decided to join the ranks of theme parks offering this affordable way to enjoy the park year-round. For a down-payment of $87, plus a monthly payment of only $15.17 per month for each passport, you'll have the admission privileges you want---while barely noticing the deduction from your bank account.
* Big drawback: Many blackout dates! The problem most people have with the Southern California Select Annual Passport is this pass has many blackout dates---and they all fall when MOST people want to go to Disneyland! Included on the block-out list are these days when most people like to visit Disneyland Park---
All weekends ALL year long are blocked out
Most days during school summer vacation
Most popular school holiday periods, like the Thanksgiving long weekend, Christmas vacation, and Spring Break are on the list of black out dates.
* Who will enjoy the Southern California Select annual passport? For any Southern Californian who gets days off of work or school during the middle of the week, this card is a true joy! Except for June, July and August, you'll have most of the year to enjoy Disneyland Park and Disney's California Adventure from Monday thru Friday...the very days when crowds are the lightest!
For kids who attend public school on a 12 month/year-round plan, it's ideal. What can you do with a month off from school in February or October? Head to Disneyland!  The same holds true for homeschooling families; a visit to Disneyland makes an excellent field trip or reward for work well done!
* Buying tickets on Block Out dates: What if you want to visit Disneyland during one of your blocked-out days? You'll need to buy a ticket to get into Disneyland on a block-out date.  However, you'll get a hefty discount on your extra-day ticket. Currently the price for a block-out day ticket is $70. You'll need to purchase your block-out day ticket at the Disneyland ticket booths. They don't sell them online, so having to wait in the long line at the park is a drawback.
* What if you want to add "free parking" privileges to your annual pass? No problem---you can add a year's worth of parking to your Southern California Select Disneyland passport for $129 extra (for a total price of $398.)
For further information about the Southern California Select Passport Here's a link to the Disneyland.com "SoCal Residents' Specials" page. (You may be asked to enter your zip code to enter the special hidden Southern California Discounts section of the site.)
Block out dates -- Southern California Select Annual Pass
What are the black out dates for the Southern California Select Disneyland Annual Passport? Here's a list of the block out dates you'll encounter if you buy this particular passport---
October 2011--- Every Sat & Sun blocked out; but you may attend the Disney theme parks every Monday thru Friday. For the special event "Mickey's Halloween Party," you'll need to purchase extra-fee tickets, because the cost of this party is not included in your annual pass price. However, annual passholders MAY get a discount for Halloween Party tickets (IF you purchase them online in advance, and IF you don't plan to attend the party on its most popular dates.)
November 2011--- Every Sat & Sun blacked out PLUS the following dates: November 11th (Veteran's Day holiday) plus November 24th & 25th (Thanksgiving Holiday vacation.)
December 2011--- Every Saturday and Sunday are blocked out; in addition all dates from Friday, December 16th clear through December 31st are on the no-go list. Be sure to attend  both parks by Thursday, December 15th---because that's the very last day you may enjoy the Disneyland and DCA Christmas decorations and events without paying extra for a block-out day ticket. ALL dates from December 16th thru Dec 31, 2011 are on the blackout list.
January 2012---All Saturdays & Sundays are on the black out list, PLUS 2 Mondays-- January 2nd  and January 16th (MLK Holiday)
February 2012---All Saturdays & Sundays are blocked out, PLUS Feb 2oth (President's Day.)
March 2012--- All Saturdays and Sundays blocked out. Most weekdays are NOT blocked out...with 3 exceptions. Friday, March 16th is a blackout date...and so are Friday, March 23rd & Fri, March 30th. Still, March is a much better month to visit Disneyland than April this year...as you'll soon see when you view the April 2012 blackout dates!
April 2012--- This April, there are many blockout dates due to the Easter vacation/Spring Break holidays. In fact, there are only 9 days in April, 2012 when you CAN use your So Cal Select Annual pass at the Disneyland parks. These 9 dates are: April 16, 17, 18, 19, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 30th. ALL OTHER days in April 2012 you may NOT visit Disneyland or Disney's California Adventure Park without purchasing a blockout-day ticket for an extra fee.
May 2012--- Every Saturday and Sunday are blacked out...PLUS Monday, May 28th, 2012 (Memorial Day) as well
June 2012--- This is where the days really dwindle down for people who have the Southern California Select annual pass. In June, there are only 2 days...yes, that's TWO measly days...when you're allowed into the park without buying an "extra day" ticket. These 2 days Monday, June 4 and Tuesday, June 5. All other dates in June, 2012 are blocked out.
July 2012--- EVERY DATE IN JULY is on the blockout list! You must purchase an "extra day" ticket to visit Disneyland Park any day this month.
August 2012-- There are only 9 days in August, 2012 on which SoCal Select passholders may enter the park. These 9 dates are: Aug 20, 21, 22, 23, 27, 28, 29, 30 and 31. All other dates are blocked and you'll have to purchase an "extra day" ticket in order to enter the parks.
September 2012--- September is a month which allows you many more Disneyland Park visits than the past several summertime months! All Saturdays and Sundays are blocked out...but you MAY attend the theme park any other day of September, even on Monday, September 3rd (Labor Day!)
If you'd like to see the Blockout Dates in calendar format, here's a link to the Southern California Select Blockout Dates page of the Disneyland.com website.
More Disneyland Discounts for local residents
The Southern California Annual Passport
Another Disneyland discount annual pass that's available only to local residents is The Southern California Annual Passport. This passport has ALMOST the same name as the first one we talked about!  Be careful when you order your annual passes from Disneyland.com---always make sure you're ordering the exact pass that you want!  (This second pass doesn't have the word "Select" in its title...that's the difference.)
The Southern California Annual passport is the "next step up" in Disneyland annual passes. For the price of $329, you will increase the amount of days you can use your Disneyland annual pass to a total of 215 days per year. That means you'll have less black out days to worry about! All Saturdays throughout the year remain blocked-out...but you'll be able to attend both Disneyland Park and the Disney California Adventure park most Sundays.  This pass will give you a few more days that you can attend the park during the summer.  However, this passport still won't give you very many summertime visits; you'll have to move up to the Deluxe Annual Passport if you need to visit Disneyland during summer vacation time. (If you don't remember the Southern California Annual Passport being this expensive, then you have a good memory. The price jumped in one big leap from $269 just recently. However, it's still a much better price than out-of-town residents have to pay. It's still a good value if you plan to attend Disneyland frequently.)
Blockout day tickets for the Southern California Annual Passport cost $70. This ticket, available at the Disneyland ticket booths (but not online) will get you into the park on days that you can't use your annual passport. It's a "park hopper" ticket, good at both Disneyland AND Disney's California Adventure Park. It's not so wonderful that you have to buy an extra ticket to visit the park on blackout dates...but at least the $70 you will pay is much less than the price of a Disneyland Park Hopper ticket that non-passholders must pay for the same thing...which is now a whopping $125 for a one-day hopper ticket!
* Monthly payment plan available! This particular Disneyland annual passport now comes with the option of a monthly bank deduction plan. A down payment of $87 is required to participate, then a monthly fee of $20.17 for each annual passport is deducted directly from your bank account. You receive your year's worth of fun...while your budget hardly notices these small payments! An annual parking pass may be included in your purchase for an extra $129. (This makes a total cost, with parking, of $458 for one passport.) This extra amount may be budgeted monthly; simply choose the automatic monthly bank deduction option for your payment at Disneyland.com.
For more info about the Southern California Annual Passport, here's a link to the Disneyland's Southern California Residents page. (You may be asked to enter your zip code in order to enter this secret section of Disneyland.com.)
Blockout dates for the Southern California Annual Passport
What are the block-out dates for the Southern California Annual Passport? They are as follows:
October 2011--- All Saturdays blocked out; but every other day of the month you may enter the Disneyland Resort parks. Note: Mickey's Halloween Party is a separately-ticketed event even for annual passport holders. This fun party takes place at Disneyland Park on about a dozen evenings during October. If you purchase your tickets ahead of time online, you'll be able to get a passholder discount for most nights of the event.
November 2011--- All Saturdays are blacked out, PLUS November 11th (Veteran's Day holiday); PLUS Thursday, Nov 24 & Friday, November 25 (for the Thanksgiving holidays.)
December 2011--- Saturday, Dec 3rd  and Sat, Dec 10th are blocked...plus, EVERY DAY OF DECEMBER beginning Friday, December 16th is blocked out for the rest of the month, clear thru Dec 31st. Visit Disneyland park EARLY to enjoy the Christmas decorations and attractions!
January 2012---All Saturdays are  blocked-out during January. Two Sundays are also on the block-out list. Sunday, Jan. 1st is a no-go date; it's part of the ultra-busy New Year's holiday weekend. Also, Sunday, January 15th is blocked out (during the Martin Luther King Jr holiday weekend.) Other than these restrictions, you may attend the park on all the other days of January, including Monday, January 16th (which is the Martin Luther King, Jr holiday.)
February 2012---All Saturdays PLUS Feb 19th and 20th (for the President's Day holiday) are on the blackout list
March 2012---All Saturdays are blocked. One Sunday is blocked-out, too...and that's March 25th. You may attend the theme park on any other day of March.
April 2012-- All Saturdays are blackout dates. Many other dates are also blocked out for the busy Easter/Spring Break holiday period...including the entire first 2 weeks of the month. All in all, about half of the month is on the black-out list, so here's a schedule of when you may and may not attend Disneyland and DCA. You MAY NOT visit the Anaheim Disney parks on the following dates: April 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 21 and 28. You MAY visit the park on the following dates: April 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 29 and 30th.
May 2012--- All Saturdays blacked out PLUS Sunday, May 27th (Memorial Day holiday weekend.) Luckily, you MAY attend the Disneyland Resort parks on Memorial Day itself, which is Monday, May 28, 2012.
June 2012--- This month is split  evenly between the blocked and the un-blocked dates. You MAY attend the theme parks on the following dates: June 1, 3, 4, 5, 10, 11, 12, 17, 18, 19, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28. You may NOT visit Disneyland nor Disney's California Adventure on these other dates: June 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 13, 14, 15, 16, 20, 21, 22, 23, 29 and 30th.
July 2012--- EVERY DATE IS BLOCKED OUT for the month of July, 2012.
August 2012--- There are only 11 days of the month you MAY visit the Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure Park. These are: Monday thru Friday, August 20 thru 24; Sunday thru Friday, August 26, 27, 28, 29, 30 & 31st. All other dates are blocked out unless you buy an "extra day" ticket.
September 2012: This is a good month to have the Southern California Annual Pass---only 6 blocked dates this month! You may NOT attend on any Saturday of September, nor on Sunday, September 2nd (Labor Day weekend.) but you MAY attend any other day this month. Yes, you MAY visit the Disneyland parks on Memorial Day itself (Monday, September 3, 2012.)
Calendar of Disneyland Blockout Dates: If you would like to view this information in a calendar format, here's the link to Disneyland.com's Southern California Annual Passport Blockout Dates which will show you all of the dates you CANNOT visit the park in blue (which the dates that you CAN go to Disneyland are marked in white.)
How much does a Disneyland block-out day ticket cost?
What do you do if you'd like to attend Disneyland Park on a date when you're "blocked out?" You'll have to buy a ticket in order to get into the theme park.  BUT...you won't have to buy your one-day ticket at full price!  Annual pass holders may purchace special tickets to use on their black out days for a special lower price. As of June, 2012 it costs annual pass holders $70 to buy a one-day ticket during a block-out day.
Where can you buy a blockout-day ticket for Disneyland? Unfortunately, annual passport holders may NOT purchase tickets for blockout dates online. You may only get them at Disneyland's main ticket booths.
Parking on your block-out days: If you have purchased an annual parking pass along with your theme park passport, you need to keep in mind that your parking privileges ONLY extend to the dates your annual pass is valid. (And NOT on your black-out dates.) If you would like to park in the Disneyland parking lots on a day you'll be buying a block-out day ticket, then you'll also have to pay to park in the Disneyland parking structure on that day, too.
What's another way to get around the black out dates? You can buy your annual pass at the Disneyland Resort ON a block-out day!  Restrictions to your pass won't take place until your SECOND visit!
Costco.com Disneyland Ticket Deals
Costco members who are alert can grab great Disneyland ticket deals for SoCal residents on Costco.com! (If you're not a Costco member, you can still use the Costco website for tickets, too, but an extra fee may apply.)
There's frequently (though not always) some kind of discount ticket offer at Costco.com. The offer itself changes from time to time.
You may check to see if there are currently any Disneyland discount ticket offers at Costco.com by using the following link to the theme park discount ticket page of the Costco.com website. If you don't find Disneyland discount tickets at this link, then there aren't any Costco ticket deals going on right now.
Are Costco's Disneyland discount tickets also available at local Costco stores? Yes, in selected locations. If your store doesn't have them, try visiting a Costco that's closer to the theme park.
Disneyland's 2Fer Discount Ticket Time is over for 2012!
This annual discount for SoCal residents should return for Winter/Spring 2013
Disneyland's 2fer special tickets were available for purchase from January 4th thru June 1, 2012. The name has changed; it's not called a "2-Fer" special any more.  But, by whatever name you call it, this annual discount period is a good time to catch a special deal ONLY for local residents. Watch for this discount ticket to return in early 2013.
What is Disneyland's "2Fer" special? Disneyland Park has made an annual tradition of offering discount tickets to local residents every winter and early spring (during the slow season for tourists.) This is an important special because it's often the cheapest prices Southern California residents can get for Disneyland tickets without purchasing an annual pass.
How does the 2fer discount work? Residents purchase a specially-priced discount ticket that's valid for 2 different days. The cheapest SoCal Special Tickets are 1-park tickets. You may use your 2 days to visit Disneyland Park twice. Or, you may visit Disney's California Adventure Park twice. Or, you may visit Disneyland one time and the Disney California Adventure Park one time. (But you CAN'T visit both theme parks on the same day with these special tickets.) But, if you want to visit BOTH parks on the same day, you can get "Park Hopper" tickets for an extra fee. (Note: If you buy a 2-day ticket, you have to use both days yourself; you can't split the ticket with a friend. If you're going with a friends, they'll each need to purchase their own 2-day tickets.)
New for 2012---you could add a 3rd day to your special ticket by paying an extra fee. You could choose 1-park-per-day tickets for the least expensive deal; or pay more money and get Park Hopper tickets for your 3-day deal.
When were local residents able to get these slow-season discount tickets in 2012? For 2012, the Disneyland SoCal resident's discount tickets needed to be purchased between January 4 and June 1, 2012. Purchasers had until June 9, 2012 to use them. Blackout dates were in effect from March 30th to April 15th for the Easter Vacation/Spring Break holiday. Two more blackout dates were June 4th and 5th, 2012.
What was the price of the 2012 "discount tickets formerly known as 2Fer"? The cost was $99 for the cheapest discount option. For that price, you could get two 1-park-per-day admissions. Or, for $114, you could get 2 "Park Hopper" admissions. If you wanted to choose the 3-ticket option, then that cost you $129 for three 1-park-per-day admissions. Or, you could spend $144 and get 3 Park Hopper admissions.
Where could you buy these special tickets? Several grocery store chains in Southern California carry them every year; which supermarket depends on the area you're in. You can get them at the Disneyland ticket booths, as well. However, it's easiest just to order them online from Disneyland.com so that you won't have to wait in line anywhere. Here's a link to the Disneyland.com ticketing page. (You may be asked to enter your zip code to enter the special hidden  SoCal Discounts section.) When the 2013 discount tickets become available, you'll be able to find them on this page.
SEE DISNEYLAND DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE FOR ALL VISITORS --->
On this page, we've talked about Disneyland Discount Tickets that are ONLY available to SoCal residents...but "locals" are ALSO welcome to use any of the discounts that are available to the general public, as well! Use the button above to discover what these discounts are.
