Other Activities: Downtown Disney shopping district
 
Ticket Information - Hide Section
Park tickets are available from several sources and in many different combinations from tickets good for just one of the parks for a single day up to tickets good for five days of admission at either park. From there you can get an annual pass at one of several levels.
 
Single Day, Single Park: $87 Adult/$81 Child.
Single Day, Parkhopper: $125 Adult/$119 Child.
Two Day, Single Park: $170 Adult/$158 Child.
Two Day, Parkhopper: $200 Adult/$188 Child.
Three Day, Single Park: $220 Adult/$205 Child.
Three Day, Parkhopper: $250 Adult/$235 Child.
Four Day, Single Park: $245 Adult/$225 Child.
Four Day, Parkhopper: $275 Adult/$255 Child.
Five Day, Single Park: $260 Adult/$240 Child.
Five Day, Parkhopper: $290 Adult/$270 Child.
Southern California Select Annual Pass: $269, all ages ($398 with parking).
Southern California Annual Pass: $329 for all ages ($458 with parking).
Deluxe Annual Pass: $469 for all ages ($598 with parking).
Premium Annual Pass: $649 for all ages (parking is included).
Premier Annual Pass: $849 for all ages (parking is included, valid at Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort).
See our Blackout Page for information on blackout dates for various annual passes.
 
On-Site Ticket Purchase: Ticket booths are located at both ends of the Esplanade (the section between Disneyland Park and Disney's California Adventure) as you approach either from the Harbor Blvd. side or the Downtown Disney side. If you already have tickets, you can proceed directly to the park entry gates; tickets are not sold at the entry gates.
Online Ticket Purchase: Tickets can be purchased online directly from Disney. Discounts are offered for multi-day parkhopper tickets.
Other Purchase Locations: Certain ticket types can be purchased at Disney Stores. Good Neighbor hotels in Anaheim can also sell tickets to hotel guests.
Parking, Directions, and Transportation - Hide Section
The Disneyland Resort is located in Anaheim, California, just off of the Interstate 5 freeway. If you are trying to get to the main parking at the Mickey & Friends parking structure, take the Disneyland Drive exit and follow the signs to the parking garage. You'll also want to use this exit if you're going to one of the three on-property hotels. One exit farther south is Harbor Boulevard, which provides access to other area hotels.
The Resort has several parking areas; traffic signs will direct you to the lots in use the day of your visit.
The Mickey & Friends parking garage is one of the largest parking garages in the world and is the main parking area for the Resort. The structure offers surface-level parking for busses, tractor trailers and recreational vehicles. Access from here to the parks requires taking a tram or walking about three-quarters of a mile. Trams are stroller- and wheelchair-accessible, though a separate wheelchair-accessible van is occasionally used during busier periods.
The Lion King parking sections are comprised of the Timon Lot (now closed) behind Disney's California Adventure, the Simba Lot behind the Paradise Pier Hotel and the Pumbaa Lot off Disney Way across from Anaheim Garden Walk. The Timon Lot is now permanently closed due to construction of the new Cars Land behind DCA. The Simba and Pumbaa lots Access from the Simba Lot is by foot through Downtown Disney (about 1/2 mile); access from the Pumbaa lot is by foot across Harbor Blvd (about 1 mile). Shuttle bus service is occasionally offered from the Pumbaa lot; tram service from the Simba lot is expected to be restored in Summer 2010.
The Toy Story lot opened in the Spring of 2010 near the corner of Harbor and Katella, behind an existing Cast Member lot. Shuttle bus service is offered from this lot.
Visitors may also be directed to park in the Anaheim Garden Walk parking structure. This structure is directly across from the Pumbaa parking lot, about a 1-mile walk from the Disneyland Resort. When in use for Disneyland Resort parking, shuttle bus service is offered from this lot, and regular Disneyland Resort parking rates apply.
To avoid being parked in one of the "remote" or "overflow" lots, it's best to use the Disneyland Drive exit from the I-5 South, or follow the signs for the Disneyland Resort Hotels if you arrive from another direction.
All lots except for Downtown Disney have the same rates:
$15 for cars
$20 for recreation vehicles and tractors without trailers
$25 for busses and tractor trailers
Disneyland Resort Annual Passholders with a parking pass can park for free in any of the Disneyland Resort pay lots, excluding Downtown Disney.
Self parking in the Downtown Disney lot is free for the first three hours and then costs $2 every 20 minutes up to a maximum daily charge of $30. An additional two free hours is available with validation from the AMC theater or any of the table-service restaurants in Downtown Disney. Valet parking is available during select evening and weekend hours for an additional $6.
Parks - Hide Section
The Disneyland Resort has two unique parks which are, unlike the parks at Walt Disney World, right next to each other. Despite their proximity, they have separate gates requiring separate admission so it is not possible to jump between the parks unless the correct admission has been purchased.
Disney California Adventure — This park celebrates the varied geography and cultures of California, and includes a recreation of the town from Pixar's Cars.
Disneyland Park — The park that started it all.
Beyond the theme parks, Disneyland has a number of other activities available to keep you entertained.
 
Hotels - Hide Section
Disney operates three on-property hotels, though this doesn't necessarily mean that they are closer to the park gates than nearby non-Disney off-property hotels. The Grand Californian Hotel is the grandest of the three, with its own entrance into Disney's California Adventure and easy access to Downtown Disney. The other two hotels are a bit farther away though all three offer an immersive Disney experience.
