Disney          Corporation Hides Bush, Censors Michael Moore
 
That a Disney film should be a showcase    for this notion is not as surprising as it might first appear.  One has    only to recall the carefully choreographed 
mushrooms in _Fantasia_ to wonder whether some portions of the Disney production group    might have been 
shamanically inspired.  After all, _Fantasia_ was a very serious and ambitious effort    to make 
synesthesia a motif for popular
entertainment .  Rumors persist that many of the European animators whom Disney hired for his    extravagant projects were aware of the 
psychedelic experience.  Among the Czech animators who joined the Disney group during    this period were some who probably knew of the vision-producting power of 
peyote and its chemical constituent, mescaline.
 
In Disney's _Fantasia_, the 
sorcerer's name is Yensid (Disney spelt backwards).
Adventure Through Inner Space is an oldschool ride that's    no longer there, but it held up as one of the more interesting ones.
_The Micro Disneycal World Tour_ MP3 (vK)
by Cornelius off of _Fantasma_ on Matador (1997)
Disneyland's      Journey Thru Innerspace Recreated    
On a personal note, i have taken    mushrooms at Disneyland twice.  I swear by it.  The place was made    for ADULTS to consume mushrooms.  Just walking into the place, knowing    the effects of psychedelics, especially mushrooms, makes you feel like you are    oozing fungus.  Every little hint, including the very modern and new rides    and settings like Toon-town, is tailored made for such adventure.  all    the "kiddie" rides now make perfect sense and you do see through the eyes of    a child.  fungus motifs are noticeable in EVERY children's ride.  the theme park is a place for smiles so you'll catch yourself with a silly grin    most of the time.  the only drawback is waiting in line with possible bad    vibes coming from people next to you, but most of the time people don't notice.    as far as the notion of the theme park itself, its original 
intent ,    and Walt Disney the man, they are not worth my time or my 
attention .  but you have to wonder what went on in the early years...- @Om* 1/29/2000
hint: never bring illicit chemicals    INSIDE the park.  rumors abound of 
tunnels leading directly to the Anaheim police station through an underground tunnel    below Tom Sawyer's island, including murals of Mickey and co. in tears being    handcuffed.  always consume in the parking lot and walk in empty handed.  cameras are everywhere.
For 
Baudrillard ,    the power of simulation only further extends the reach of what Guy Debord castigated    in the 1960s as "the society of the spectacle." The media have become a kind    of orbiting genetic code that "mutates" the 
hyperreal ,    thereby producing "social control by anticipation, simulation and programming."Like 
Dick ,    Baudrillard saw Disneyland as the 
archetypal hyperreal environment, though perhaps the technophilic "Gulf War" we watched    through the dark glass of CNN, with its smart bombs and
virtual-reality pilot runs, should stand as the most delirious thrill ride yet offered by the 
new    world order of simulation.
Philip    K. Dick spent his last years in Orange County, living only a few miles from    Disneyland. For a writer obsessed with the 
metaphysical tango between the authentic and the artificial, the environment was almost too    perfect. Ambiguously characterizing the theme park as an "
evolving organism," Dick tied its synthetic realities to both the global developments    of postindustrial culture and to the ersatz constructs of his own books. As    he pointed out in his late essay "How to Build a Universe that Doesn't Fall    Apart in Two Days."
" ...today we live in a society    in which spurious realities are manufactured by the media,  by governments,    by big corporations, by religious groups, political groups...unceasingly we    are bombarded with pseudo-realities manufactured by very sophisticated people    using very sophisticated electronic mechanisms. I do not dis
trust their motives; I distrust their power."
Disney does most of its communication    without resorting to words, and for the most part, the words aren't missed.  Some of Disney's older properties, such as _Peter 
Pan_ ,    _Winnie the Pooh_, and
_Alice    in Wonderland_ , came out of books. But the authors' names are rarely if    ever mentioned, and you can't buy the original books at the Disney store. If    you could, they would all seem old and queer, like very bad knockoffs of the    purer, more authentic Disney versions. Compared to more recent productions like    _Beauty and the Beast_ and _Mulan_, the Disney movies based on these books (particularly    _Alice in Wonderland_ and _Peter Pan_) seem deeply bizarre, and not wholly appropriate    for children. That stands to reason, because 
Lewis    Carroll and J.M. Barrie were very strange men, and such is the nature of    the written word that their personal strangeness shines straight through all    the layers of Disneyfication like x-rays through a wall.
Probably for this very reason, Disney seems to have stopped buying books altogether, and now finds its themes and characters in folk tales, which have the lapidary, 
time -worn quality of the ancient bricks in the Maharajah's ruins.
I was in Disney World recently, specifically the part of it called the 
Magic Kingdom, walking up Main Street USA. This is a perfect gingerbready Victorian small town that culminates in a Disney castle. It was very crowded; we shuffled rather than walked. Directly in front of me was a man with a camcorder. It was one of the new breed of camcorders where instead of peering through a viewfinder you gaze at a flat-panel color screen about the size of a playing card, which televises live coverage of whatever the camcorder is seeing. He was holding the appliance close to his face, so that it obstructed his view. Rather than go see a real small town for free, he had paid money to see a pretend one, and rather than see it with the naked eye he was watching it on television.
And rather than stay home and read a book, I was watching him.
- 
Neal    Stephenson - _In The Beginning Was The Command Line_
How can the 
archaic    revival exist in an '
Interneted '    planet of six, seven, 
eight ,    billion people? The answer is what is always the answer: through technology,    through 
virtual    reality , through 
nanotechnology .    Eventually I want to see us end up in a place where we walk naked on a beach    at sunset. We appear to be completely primitive people. Healthy, naked, no infrastructure,    no cities, no nothing. But if you were suddenly to find yourself in the body    of one of those people and close your eyes, you would see menus hanging in space.    These are the menus of the culture: world news menus, world weather menus, latest    menus. Talk to your friend on the other side of the planet. In other words,    the Internet will become an integrated prosthesis of the human body. Another version of that is...and they are watched by a    bird in the top of a palm tree and that bird is as smart and as human as they    are. In other words, this thing which we call human intelligence is only human    because that's the vessel  in which we find    it. What it is is intelligence. It may be that our destiny is to give this intelligence    to nature; that we are the awakener and we can touch the grass, the coral reef,    the starling flock and say, "Come into consciousness, find yourself in being,    join us in the adventure, give us your perspective on being." All nature could    profit from intelligence. So, if we can, that would be a fitting payback. It's    a kind of peaceable kingdom vision. Or some people say, "Disney run amok," but...[Laughs]    I like it. We're going to end up telepathic angels whether god has it in his    plan or we have to schedule the surgery to do it. This is where we're headed.    We have decided that the human soul collectively shall be born out of our bodies    and this is what all this technology is leading to. It would be pretty scary    if you didn't believe in the essential goodness of human nature but I do. I'm    not very modern, I'm not existential, I'm a Platonist. I believe in the good,    the true, and the beautiful, and I believe they're the same thing, same same.    So as long as you keep moving in that direction it will hold now and take care    of itself. So that's the archaic revival. [Laughs]
