 
Anaheim and Disneyland Theme Parks
Anaheim, home to Disneyland , is located 28 miles south of Los Angeles in Orange  County, California. Just 25 minutes from the Pacific Ocean, the city enjoys  mild year-round climate and very little rain.  The highest average  temperature is 79 degrees F in the summer and 65 degrees in the winter. Mild  temperatures, affordable hotel accommodations and hundreds of activities  make this city one of the most popular in all of California.
Anaheim California travel guide: You can get deals on hotels to this Disneyland destination, or find travel tips to Anaheim. One of the the things tourists want most when  going to the theme park is a stay at the beach. We produced a map with  Southern California beaches and show the distances from each one to  Disneyland.
From Anaheim, you can travel to the beaches, airports and major California  attractions and cities such as San Diego, 90 miles south and San Francisco,  400 miles north. Appearing in photo upper left clockwise: Sign from Disney  California Adventure, Mighty Ducks, California Adventure and Paradise Pier  Hotel, Disneyland's Toon Town, Mickey Mouse, Anaheim Convention Center. 
 
Anaheim is one of the top  destinations in California. It's convenient, central location and hundreds  of quality and budget hotels make this a very affordable Orange County city  to park your family while visiting the region's theme parks. From your hotel  you can walk, dine, shop and even catch buses that travel to major hotels to  pick up guests for day trips to Universal Studios Hollywood, Las Vegas  casinos and San Diego. In addition, you can catch the Amtrak train to ride  to downtown Los Angeles and travel throughout the United States.
 
Things to do in Anaheim,  California include Disneyland and Disney California Adventure theme parks,  conventions at Anaheim Convention Center, music at The Grove, entertainment  in Downtown Disney with ESPN Zone or House of Blues, Farmer's Market and Craft Fair on  Thursdays, ball games at Angels Stadium, shopping for sneakers in the  discount stores near Disneyland, driving tours of the historic homes and  more! Daily bus tours leave Anaheim for Universal Studios Hollywood and  Hollywood Studio and Star Tours, as well.
 
Ranked recently as the  third highest grossing venue for concerts is The Pond in Anaheim. It is  located in the building that also houses Anaheim ice hockey Mighty Ducks  team. Top musical acts play regularly, often to sold out crowds at this  popular venue. While you are visiting Anaheim, you can go to the theme  parks, take in a concert, professional ball game, see live entertainment at  House of Blues, shop till you drop Downtown Disney and dine at hundreds of  fantastic restaurants and brew houses.
 
History of Anaheim
Anaheim, California is a  city with immaculate buildings on historic, palm-lined streets that face  new, glass structures rising to the sky. Anaheim is a place where old and  new reside side by side.
 
Established by German  immigrants in 1857 as a wine producing colony for the rapidly growing town  of Los Angeles, the city's German name means "Home on the Ana (River)." Vineyards and wineries flourished until the 1880's when they were destroyed  by plant disease.  Oranges replaced grapes and became the favored fruit in a  county named Orange. Orange crops that thrive in temperate climates could be  seen in groves stretching for miles.  While they produced a hearty bounty,  it wasn't enough to compete with top dollar prices offered for land in the  boom of the early 1900's. 
Not far from Anaheim,  beach cities featured amusement rides and theme park attractions. The  Plunge, The Pavilion, The Pike, the piers and Red Cars were drawing cards  designed to bring people to the California coast to spend their money. Land  developers built them, hoping to create demand for nearby housing. 
 
While growth did occur, a  stock market crash and several world wars focused the country on other  things. Played out over a number of years,  many of the parks were abandoned  or torn down.  Some Red Cars were even dumped into the Pacific Ocean. 
Finally, the economy  recovered from World War II and families once again had money to spend. With  many of the beach amusements in decay or gone, Walt Disney sought a place to  take his kids for entertainment.  He reportedly sold his car to help finance  the fledgling park he dreamed up as a fantasy escape. Disneyland continues  to grow, making it  crystal clear that the theme park's success has  influenced nearly every aspect of life in Anaheim since its opening on a  former grove in 1955. 
 
Visiting Anaheim
Around 15 million guests  per year visit the city (with approximately 13 million of them attending  Disneyland.) It outshines every other theme park in California with over  double the attendance of the next contender, Universal Studios. Who could  have known such success was to come? And as the city learned, maintaining a  balance between the quality of life for local residents and providing the  environment to attract tourists is a formula subject to many changes.  Wrecking balls and construction zones have been part of the landscape for  several years. Recent announcements of approval for Disney's third theme  park means construction will likely continue in future years.
 
If getting there is a  concern, a trip to Disneyland is very easy with Amtrak train station only 10  minutes away. Airport Bus takes passengers to and from Los Angeles  International Airport on daily scheduled trips and tour buses depart major  Anaheim hotels daily for excursions to Los Angeles attractions such as  Universal Studios.  Freeway construction addressed automobile access  problems so that the Santa Ana 5 Freeway now exits directly to the  Disneyland Park for visitor convenience. 
 
Anaheim has made it a  goal to get you, the tourist, to stay. And though there is no sandy beach,  per se, Disneyland's California Adventure theme park recreates a beach  region complete with Paradise Pier. It's the beach without the sand.
Getting to Anaheim and  Disneyland: John Wayne/OC Airport (Code: SNA) 13.7 miles. ocair.com
 
Los Angeles  International (Code: LAX) 34 miles. www.lawa.org
Airport Bus to Disneyland or Knotts Berry Farm & nearby hotels: Offers best  prices and leaves hourly during the day from both airports listed above.  airportbus.com  or Call 714-938-8900
 
Disneyland Fireworks 
Disneyland Fireworks Show  is not only beautiful to watch, it also employs one of the leading fireworks  technologies more beneficial to air quality than previous fireworks launch  methods. In an amazing move, this Disney Imagineering effort years in the  making, has been offered for use in other theme parks and shows to help  promote sounder practices in amusement and theme parks entertainment. See  our photos of the spectacular fireworks show and read about the technology.
 
