Please enter your travel dates to see all date and pricing options.
Travel date range:
Find
Details: Disneyland Resort Tickets
Enjoy 2 incredible Disney theme parks – Disneyland® Park and Disney California Adventure® Park with a Disneyland® Resort Park Hopper® Ticket. Experience all the classic attractions and some exciting new attractions, like World of Color a nighttime spectacular that brings water, light, fire and Disney magic in amazing artistry that will leave you breathless. Plus with a Disneyland® Resort Park Hopper® Ticket you have the ability to experience both parks on the same day!
The wait is over! The magical transformation of Disney California Adventure® Park is complete. The park has been expanded and re-imagined in exciting new ways, and your whole family will be fully immersed in your favorite Disney and Pixar stories like never before.
You’ll feel the transformation from the first time you step foot on Buena Vista Street—the main street of Disney California Adventure® Park. It’s a neighborhood like no other, where you’ll experience the vibrant energy of Los Angeles that Walt Disney first discovered when he came west in the 1920s. Grab a tasty treat at Clarabelle's Hand-Scooped Ice Cream. Take a ride on the vintage Red Car Trolley or stop by the Carthay Circle Theatre, which lovingly re–creates the theatre where Walt first premiered Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs almost 75 years ago.
Get ready to be floored, with the all new Cars Land!  You’ll feel like you’ve walked into the Disney•Pixar Cars movie, because Radiator Springs has been brought to life in this all-new land.
Cars Land is big, really big. It’s the kind of place your whole family will want to stop by, stay awhile and have some high-octane fun. You can even meet Lightning McQueen and Tow Mater! Have the ride of your life as you race head-to-head on Radiator Springs Racers past the stunning rock formations and waterfalls of the Ornament Valley. Take family fun to new heights on Luigi’s Flying Tires–where you’ll literally fly on air. Then, hitch a ride on a baby tractor at Mater’s Junkyard Jamboree for some fun, square dancing hijinks.
And once the sun goes down, the excitement continues at Disney California Adventure® Park. Every night in Cars Land, Radiator Springs will come to life in a beautiful sea of neon—just like in the movie Cars. Then over at Paradise Pier, World of Color, a nighttime water spectacular, weaves water, color, fire and light into a kaleidoscope of fantasy and imagination you won’t want to miss.
Of course, all of your favorite attractions are still here. Feel the rush on California Screamin’, drop in on The Twilight Zone Tower of TerrorTM and fly high on Soarin’ Over California.
So join us, because 2012’s going to be a big year at the newly expanded Disney California Adventure® Park. It’s immersive Disney and Pixar storytelling the whole family can enjoy day and night!
The Twilight Zone® is a registered trademark of CBS, Inc. and is used with permission pursuant to a licensing agreement from CBS, Inc. © Disney/CBS, Inc.
Inclusions for the Park Hopper® Ticket:
• Admission to Disneyland® Park
• Admission to Disney California Adventure® Park
• One (1) complimentary Magic Morning admission with purchase of a 3, 4, or 5-Day Park Hopper® Ticket.  This special admission lets you enjoy select Disneyland® Park attractions before the park opens for general admission on Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday.
Note for the 2-Day Disneyland Resort Park ticket:
A multi-day ticket entitling a Guest to admittance to either Disneyland ® Park or Disney California Adventure® Park each day over a specified number of days. The ticket is not valid for visits to both theme parks on the same day. All Disneyland ® Resort 1-Park per Day Tickets expire 13 days after first use and each day of use of the ticket constitutes one full day of use. First day of use must be within the validity dates set forth above.
Exclusions
All Disneyland® Resort Park Hopper® Tickets expire 13 days after first use and each day of use of a Disneyland® Resort Park Hopper® ticket constitutes one full day of use. Restrictions apply. All offers, events, tickets, age ranges, services, attractions and entertainment may be seasonal and are subject to change without notice. Offers may not be combined with any other ticket offer, discount or promotion.
Additional Information
Disneyland® Resort Park Hopper® Tickets entitle guests to admittance to both Theme Parks over a specified number of days, including visits to both Theme Parks on the same day. Each day of use of a Disneyland® Resort Park Hopper® Ticket constitutes one full day of use. Tickets may not be sold or transferred for commercial use. Offer may not be combined with any other ticket offer, discount, or promotion. Park Hopper® Tickets include one (1) complimentary Magic Morning admission for early entry into Disneyland® Park before the Park opens to the general public. While not available daily, the feature will be available multiple times per week. Applicable Theme Park, days and times of operation and all other elements including, but not limited to, operation of attractions, entertainment, stores and restaurants and appearances of Characters may vary and are subject to change without notice. Subject to capacity and other restrictions. All offers, events, tickets, age ranges, services, attractions and entertainment may be seasonal and are subject to change without notice.
Advance purchase benefits are ONLY valid on the 3, 4 and 5-day tickets.
Redemption Instructions
Once you have completed your purchase, you will receive an email linking to a voucher. You MUST print and exchange this voucher for your admission ticket at any main entrance ticket window at the Disneyland® Resort. Guests staying at a Disneyland® Resort Hotel may exchange this voucher at the Hotel Front Desk upon check-in for admission tickets. Photo identification will be required for issuance of all Disneyland® Resort theme park tickets. Subject to restrictions and change without notice.
Terms and Conditions
Voucher may be redeemed for Disneyland® Resort Ticket. Voucher may only be redeemed once.
Cancellation Rules
Attractions and services are non-cancelable. A Voucher has no cash value and is non-transferable. No refunds, credits, exchanges, or cancellations of a Voucher will be granted once Voucher has been issued. Refunds will not be issued for unused or partially used attractions or services. Availability and pricing for an attraction or service are subject to change without notice.
 
