Disneyland Tickets
Photo © 2006 Kayte Deioma, courtesy of www.KayteDeioma.com
Tickets to Disneyland and Disney California Adventure come in a variety of configurations. This guide to Disneyland Tickets will help you determine what kind of ticket will be right for you and decide where to purchase your tickets.
Using FASTPASS at Disneyland
Photo © 2006 Kayte Deioma, courtesy of www.KayteDeioma.com
How to use Disneyland's FASTPASS system to spend less time waiting in line at Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure.
RideMax for Disneyland and California Adventure
© 2006 Kayte Deioma, courtesy of www.KayteDeioma.com
A review of a computer program that helps minimize your time waiting in line at Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure.
Disneyland for Smokers
Most of the Disney Resort is a smoke-free environment. To reduce the stress of smokers in this environment, I've put together this guide to the officially sanctioned smoking areas at Disneyland and California Adventure, and compiled some tips from smoking friends on how to survive Disneyland as a smoker.
Photo © 2006 Kayte Deioma, courtesy of www.KayteDeioma.com
This directory lists which rides, exhibits, restaurants and shops are located in each of Disneyland's "lands."
Disneyland Dining Directory
Photo © 2006 Kayte Deioma, courtesy of www.KayteDeioma.com
To budget your dining time and dollars, this guide breaks down Disney's restaurant and snack bar choices by location and price, with descriptions of the types of food available at each.
Disneyland Shopping Directory
Photo © 2006 Kayte Deioma, courtesy of www.KayteDeioma.com
If your child has an absolute favorite Disney character and you want to be sure to find a related souvenir, be sure to check out the shopping guide before you go. Some movie and character merchandise can only be found in one particular shop near the related ride or "land," so know before you go, so you don't end up running into every shop looking for Star Wars memorabilia that can only be found at The Star Trader in Tomorrowland.
What are the Best Rides at Disneyland?
Photo © 2006 Kayte Deioma, courtesy of www.KayteDeioma.com
Each person has their own favorite rides at Disneyland and California Adventure. My favorites at Disneyland are the classic Space Mountain dark roller coaster and the Astro Blasters laser light shooting gallery ride, both in Tomorrowland. At California Adventure, I can't get enough of the Soarin' Over California glider simulator with its incredible views of our state, or the highly entertaining Toy Story Mania, a moving carnival game where you shoot targets with air guns.
What Else is Near Disneyland?
Courtesy of the Anaheim/OC VCB
Although Disneyland is a world of it's own, outside the gates there are plenty of other attractions within a short distance. Click through for a list of other things you might want to do from your Anaheim hotel base.
