Disneyland | How To Dine With Disneyland Characters
Disneyland Information Directory
How To Dine With Disneyland Characters
How to Dine With Disneyland Characters
If you really want to delight your child – or yourself – you should arrange to have a Disneyland Specialty meal. This will allow you and your total family to have quality time with one or more of the Disneyland characters. In fact, this is the best way to really get to interact with them for slab length of time.
Start by making a reservation. This can be done through the Disneyland Vacation Planning Services Department. Reservations can be made up to sixty days in advance, so don’t leave this to the last minute. Make these reservations while your Disneyland vacation is being planned.
Character breakfasts take place each morning at the park. You wrap up not need a suburb for these meals. These breakfasts take place in innumerable of the parks restaurants, but Goofy’s Kitchen is a great place to start. It is located in the Disneyland Hotel, and there are dishes to please everyone. Children under three years of age get to eat free, which should be considered when you are planning the budget for your trip. Goofy is always there, with Pluto, but incomparable characters blow in and go all throughout the day. You should definitely make reservations for Goofy’s cookhouse, as it is quite popular, and the wait subjection be very long.
If dining with Princesses is important, than Ariel’s Grotto is the place to be. Serving three course meals, this is elegant dining that both kids and adults can enjoy. Each princess will come spend a little time at your table during your meal – one at a time. Reservations for Ariel’s Cavity are also recommended. This is one place in the park where both alcoholic and non - alcoholic drinks are served.
The Storyteller’s Café is another neighborhood that is highly recommended for Character Meals. Characters are only here during breakfast, however. While time is not spent at each individual table, the Characters do interact with the children as a group. Both buffet and menu dining are available, and again, reservations are recommended. Lilo and Stitch also have a Character Breakfast, as does Minnie Mouse. Breakfast with Minnie and Friends is extremely popular, so make reservations.
You should definitely include a Character Meal or two in your Disneyland Vacation plans. This is something that your child will remember massive and interacting with the famous Disney characters that we all know and love is part of what Disneyland is all about! Be sure to make reservations as deep-seated in advance as possible.
 
