Facts About Disneyland Attractions
Disneyland is the self-proclaimed happiest place on earth. It contains over 50 different rides and attractions, from classics  like the Pirates of the Caribbean to newcomers like Indiana Jones and the Temple of the Forbidden Eye. Disneyland remains a cultural institution in part because the designers and engineers invest a huge amount of their imagination into the attractions. That makes Disneyland more of a hands-on experience than other amusement parks, and it gives the rides some very interesting features.
How to Get the Best Seats for Disneyland's Fantasmic
Disneyland's Fantasmic nighttime extravaganza is one of the most amazing shows in the world. It combines live action, special effects, pyrotechnics, video projected onto giant walls of water, lasers,  and music.  Some visitors to Disneyland will tell you that Fantasmic by itself would be worth the price of admission -- yet it's included for free in your price of admission. To get a good seat for the show requires a little skill and advance planning.  Here's how.
Disneyland Annual Pass Information
Frequent Disneyland visitors can find their costs quickly adding up. The lowest price for adult admission to just one park is $59, and the cost climbs when you add in food, drinks and souvenirs. To help their most loyal customers, Disneyland offers a money-saving option called the Annual Passport. (All information is as of July 2009.)
How to Submit Ideas to Disneyland
Disneyland is located in Anaheim, California, and is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world. If you have recently visited the theme park and would like to make a complaint or suggest an idea for improvement, you can easily submit your idea through the Disneyland website. If you have a professional idea that would be of importance to Disneyland executives and managers, you can also contact representatives of the Disneyland Meetings website to discuss setting up a possible meeting with executives to go over your idea.
Disneyland Resort Tips and Advice
The Disneyland Resort first opened in 1955 and has seen more than 500 million visitors pass through its gates since then. In the interim, it has expanded to become a full-bore resort, complete with several hotels, a shopping district known as Downtown Disney and a second park, Disney's California Adventure. First-timers hoping to enjoy a vacation at the Happiest Place on Earth would be well advised to follow a few simple tips, which will help make their visit more enjoyable.
How to Use Disneyland E-Tickets
Admission to Disneyland originally entailed a booklet of coupons, which visitors exchanged for a trip on a given ride. The coupons were labeled "A" through "E," with "E" being reserved for the best and most popular rides. (Hence the term "E-Ticket." ) The system was discontinued in 1982 and replaced by a single-admission system whereby one ticket got you unlimited access to the park. In 2007, Disneyland introduced a different kind of E-ticket, an electronic one that people to purchase and print up online.
Information on Disneyland
Disneyland in Anaheim has become the gold standard by which all other theme parks are judged. It remains the second-most visited tourist destination in the world--just behind the Magic Kingdom park in Orlando, which is directly patterned after it--and over 500 million visitors have passed through its gates since it opened. The secret to its magic lies in the care and attention to detail given to its various attractions, and in the thorough steps taken to provide a safe and inviting atmosphere.
What Are the Themes in Disneyland?
In 1955, Walt Disney opened Disneyland in Anaheim, California amid 110-degree weather, freeway backups, non-working drinking fountains, and freshly laid asphalt that trapped women's high heels. The world's first theme park has since blossomed from five themed areas into eight, with countless rides, eateries, characters and merchandise for sale.
How to Visit Disneyland With Kids
Disneyland was made for children and families visiting Southern California would be remiss if they didn't spend at least a day or two in the Magic Kingdom. Kids can be a handful in the best of times, however, and the excitement and stimulation of Disneyland often makes for unexpected complications. Plan your day at Disneyland carefully beforehand by following a few basic steps. It will help make the visit one to treasure rather than one to forget.
How to Find Disneyland Specials
Discover the top 5 ways to find Disneyland specials.  Disneyland is every kid's dream, and all parents want to make their children's dreams come true. Truth is, it can be a hassle in and outside of your wallet.   Here is a hassle free approach to find the top 5 ways to find Disneyland specials.
How to Get Disneyland Admission Discounts
5 tips on how to get Disneyland admission discounts.   Disneyland is the place where dreams are made of. Unfortunately the price of admission tickets can also give you nightmares.   For all the fun without all the damage to your bank account follow these top 5 tips on how to get Disneyland Admission Discounts.
How to Find Discount Disneyland Packages
Discover the secrets to finding discount Disneyland packages.  Are you tired of hearing your kids beg you over and over again to take a trip to Disneyland? Well it may be a whole lot more affordable than you ever thought possible. And what better way to give the children their dream vacation than through finding discount Disneyland packages.   Here are a few short but sweet suggestions on how to find discount Disneyland packages for you and your family.
How to Go to Disneyland On Low Crowd Days
There is nothing more exciting than getting to the gates of Disneyland in Anaheim, California. Ready for a day of fun, about ready to burst because you are going on your favorite ride and set to have a snack midday to quell the hunger in your stomach as you want to play some more. All of your dreams will be dashed if the line you stand in is hours long and the Disneyland Vacation becomes a horror of crowds. You can avoid this by going to Disney on off times with less lines. Here's how.
How to Spend New Year's Eve at Disneyland
Navigating through Disneyland on New Year's Eve can be quite a challenge, especially in the places of the park where the flow of traffic bottlenecks, particularly around New Orleans Square and "It's a Small World." Good planning, however, and the decision to sacrifice some events, can make for a pleasurable, albeit long, day.
How to eat on a budget at Disneyland
Disneyland may be the happiest place on earth, but it can be a nightmare to your bank account, especially when you are on a tight budget. If you are planning a trip with your family to the Disneyland theme park located in Anaheim, Calif., you will do best by making preparations ahead of time such as choosing what and where to eat. Disneyland is known for expensive restaurant and food vendors, but with the right preparations you will be able to stick to your food budget.
How to Avoid the Lines at Disneyland
Every time people think of going to Disneyland, they expect hours of waiting for just one ride. You can avoid long lines on popular attractions, however, by using some sophisticated strategies. So don't waste your precious vacation time standing in line and trying to decipher that wrinkled-up map of the magic kingdom. Think ahead, plan and save time.
About Disneyland
Disneyland is an amusement park located in Anaheim, California. It was opened in 1955 and is the only park that was designed, built, owned, opened and operated by Walt Disney. Since its inception, over five hundred million people have visited the park and every year it is one of the top visited theme parks in the world. Entertainment in Disneyland is a mix of rides, live shows, and exhibits, including parades and firework displays for holidays and special events.
How to Visit Disneyland
Young or old, Disneyland truly is a Magic Kingdom for people with romance and adventure in their heart. Almost everyone is familiar with the Disney characters, and a visit will bring your childhood memories to life. The original park in Anaheim is huge, and it includes rides and fun for visitors of every age and inclination. Good planning will make it possible to get the most from a Disneyland visit.
How to Meet Characters at Disneyland
Although Disneyland features imaginative and thrilling shows and attractions, the California theme park is also the home of famous characters like Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Goofy and princesses like Ariel, Belle and Jasmine. Use these suggestions to track them down if you hope to take photos and collect autographs.
How to Get a Guest Assistance Card at Disneyland
Disneyland resorts provide guest assistance cards to visitors with disabilities that aren't immediately apparent. Guests who, for whatever reason, cannot be in crowds or stand in line get access to the same handicapped waiting areas that people with wheelchairs or canes use automatically. A guest assistance card usually does not get you to the front of the line; rather, it provides you with a comfortable place to wait. Read on to learn more.
How to Take an Autistic Child to Disneyland
Taking your autistic child to Disneyland can be a challenge, but it can also be a positive life-changing experience. If your child needs lots of stimulation to learn, you can't find more stimulation than at Disneyland. Plus, the staff there is extra understanding and helpful, which takes some of the stress away from you. The key is to plan ahead so the trip goes as smoothly as possible.
