May 5, 2012
Magical accommodations in the heart of the Disneyland Resort
Experience the Disneyland Hotel now with more luxurious rooms, new pools and waterslides, themed dining and more.  Stay footsteps from the Disney Theme Parks at this newly transformed vacation destination in and of itself.  This classic hotel has been given a contemporary twist. Modern, sophisticated features have been crafted for even more comfort and convenience.  Newly stylish furniture has been added, world-class linens adorn each bed and, of course, magical Disney touches enchant each room.
The original Disney hotel has the feeling of magic wherever you turn. The fun and fantasy here will leave you with sweet dreams that always end happily ever after. Conveniently located adjacent to the Downtown Disney District, guest rooms are found in three towers, Disney touches are everywhere, like the oversized Sorcerer's Hat and the Monorail themed pool area, State-of-the-art business center and conference facilities unrivaled by many Anaheim hotels, Imaginative environments, attention to detail and Disney Legendary Service.
Experience a true original, rich with history, steeped in magic and filled with the comforts and amenities that made us a AAA Four Diamond Deluxe Hotel. Each of our three towers contains our spacious and well-appointed Standard Rooms and Suites which offer breathtaking views and superior service. Concierge level Guests are also entitled to additional amenities.
Guests will be charged $15 per night for self parking with additional costs for Valet Parking.
Disneyland Hotel on Disneyland Resort Property Rooms
Resort Pool View Room
One king or two queen beds. Step-out balcony with premium pool and theme park views. Blond wood furnishings, patterned wallpaper, Disney accents and memorabilia, and pixie dust ceiling. Cable TV with Disney Channel and ESPN. Voice mail. High-speed Internet access (surcharge). Complimentary weekday newspaper. Bathroom with shower/tub combination and marble vanity. Disney character wake-up call upon request. Compact refrigerator. In-room wall safe. Hair dryer. Iron/ironing board.
Concierge View Room
One king or two queen beds. Blond wood furnishings, patterned wallpaper, Disney accents and memorabilia, and pixie dust ceiling. Cable TV with Disney Channel and ESPN. DVD player and complimentary movies. Disney character wake-up call upon request. Voice mail. High-speed Internet access (surcharge). Complimentary weekday newspaper. In-room safe. Bathroom with shower/tub combination and marble vanity. Compact refrigerator. Hair dryer. Iron/ironing board. Concierge level services: Priority check-in, staff-assisted vacation planning, access to lounge with Continental breakfast and evening wine and cheese reception, nightly turndown service.
Regal Suite
One king and one queen bed, or one king bed and two queen beds, or two queen beds and one queen bed. Blond wood furnishings, patterned wallpaper, Disney accents and memorabilia, and pixie dust.
Standard  View Room
One king or two queen beds. Some with city view; some with balcony. Blond wood furniture, patterned wallpaper, Disney accents and memorabilia. Cable TV with free Disney Channel and ESPN. High-speed Internet access (surcharge). Compact refrigerator. Wall safe. Bathroom with shower/tub combination and marble vanity. Complimentary weekday newspaper. Pixie dust ceiling. Disney character wake-up call upon request.
Recommendations for you
