Plan a Trip to Disneyland California
- Popular family Vacation Spot
By Teresa Plowright , About.com Guide
See More About:
disney vacations
Photo courtesy of Disneyland Resort.
Though much smaller than Orlando's Walt Disney World, Disneyland California  -- officially known as "Disneyland Resort" -- holds a special place in the Disney pantheon as the original Disneyland, and the only Disney theme park in which Walt actually walked.
The original Disneyland was re-created at Disney World in Orlando as the classic "Magic Kingdom" theme park, (with Adventureland, Fantasyland, etc.) which also re-appears at other Disneylands around the world. In California, this theme park -- now called "Disneyland® Park"-- is today only half of the Disneyland Resort; in 2001, a second theme park opened, the 55-acre Disney's California Adventure Park, which is undergoing a giant renovation. Families should plan a trip of at least two days, to visit both parks.
Disneyland at About.com
About.com has many resources about Disneyland California: our Guide for Los Angeles Travel has  FAQ's for beginners, "Tips and Tricks", dining directory; Theme Parks site has top photos for rides, and more; the California Travel site has a Disneyland Vacation Planner , tips to avoid standing in line-ups, visitor's guide with cost estimator, and lots more. Check her article on RideMax , a clever system for reducing time in line-ups.   i
Disney's California Adventure: Paradise Pier and Disneyland's World of Color
Families should be sure to view the night-time World of Color , during any trip to the Disneyland Resort. This stupendous new attraction is in the Paradise Pier area of California Adventure, an appealing area themed in the style of  classic boardwalks and amusement parks. This area also has many of California Adventure's top attractions, including Toy Story Mania, California Screamin’ roller coaster, Boardwalk games, and a giant Ferris wheel (Mickey’s Fun Wheel). Generally speaking, Disney's California Adventure Park is under-populated in terms of attractions; hence the major renovation, that started when the park was less than ten years old. However, the Paradise Pier area is full of terrific attractions, with more to come.
Kids Fly Free to Disneyland
This deal has repeated for several years, running from January through spring and even into June: check out Kids Fly Free to Disneyland .
Tips for Disneyland California:
