 
----    THE LATEST BUZZ    ----
    (6/27/12) Could Disneyland be making it’s first serious steps towards designing a third California park? ( MORE... )
    (6/26/12) The Disneyland Resort has announced the dates and times for Mickey’s Halloween Party ( MORE... )
    (6/14/12) Good news for Disneyland Resort park guests as the local news reports that Disney has been upgrading their mobile ( MORE... )
    (6/6/12) Take a virtual spin around Disneyland thanks to this crazy unique time-lapse video montage ( MORE... )
 
General Resort News - (6/26/12) The Disneyland Resort has announced the dates and times for Mickey’s Halloween Party this year… an exclusive extra ticket event. Click here for the official info and to find out when tickets will go on sale.
    (6/14/12) Good news for Disneyland Resort park guests as the local news reports that Disney has been upgrading their mobile network coverage within the two theme parks over the past couple of months as part of the Cars Land expansion in California Adventure as well as upgrading existing antennas in Tomorrowland, Fantasyland, New Orleans Square and Downtown Disney.
    (6/6/12) Take a virtual spin around Disneyland thanks to this crazy unique time-lapse video montage that was created by combining over 30,000 still images taken at the park throughout the past year. It starts during the morning and ends with looks at Disney’s great night experiences. Really a must see video.
    (5/25/12) RollerCoasterPro has posted a new progress update from the Disneyland Resort this week, with looks at the Matterhorn, Carnation Plaza, and everything going on in California Adventure.
    (5/19/12) With the opening of Cars Land and all the other great goodies only about 4 weeks away for the Disneyland Resort, they have decided that ticket prices and Annual Pass prices will increase on May 20th.
    The price for a 1-Day / 1 Park ticket is now $87 for adults (up from $80), and $81 for children (3-9) (up from $74). A 1 Day Park Hopper is $125 / $119 (up from $105/$99).
    The big price increase however will come to Annual Passholders. So SoCal residents your new AP prices will be $269 from SoCal Select (up from $199) and $329 for the SoCal Annual Pass (up from $269). The Dexlue AP will now cost $469 (up from $379) and the Premium Annual Pass will jump to $649 (up from $499). Parking is included with the Premium pass, but all others can purchase a parking add-on for $129.
    You can see all the new multi-day ticket prices here and breakdown of the different Annual Pass options here . (Now the good news here, is that it looks like Disney has opted not to restrict the Park Hopping option for passholders. This was rumored to on the table for consideration last year as a possible crowd control option.) So if you’ve been on the fence about buying a Disneyland Annual Pass, do it today before the price goes up on May 20th (Sunday).
    (5/7/12) DisneyGeek is back this week with a rather long and extensive set of photos showing off all the various projects now rushing towards their June 15th completion dates at the Disneyland Resort. Check it out.
    (4/16/12) DisneyGeek has posted a new photo update with a look at the various projects taking place all around the Disneyland Resort.
    (4/10/12) The DisneyGeek crew was back at the Disneyland Resort over the weekend, snapping up pictures of all the changes and construction going on at the hotels, Downtown Disney and in both parks. Check it out.
    (3/30/12) The Disneyland Resort has confirmed that the Disney California Adventure park will be closed for the entire day of June 14th to accomidate the media preview events and make the final preparations for the grand reopening on June 15th along with the public premier of Cars Land.
    (3/26/12) DisneyGeek is back this week with another look around the Disneyland Resort, with check-ins at all the various construction projects taking place right now.
    (3/5/12) Disneyland suffered a little incident early on Saturday as the park went into lockdown mode when a suspicious object was discovered hidden in a tree near a ticket booth at about 7am. The police were called in to retrieve the item, which apparently was some kind of good will and spiritual message inside a pipe left behind from a Geocaching team. The park finally opened to guests at 11am and Disney extended the hours of both Disneyland and California Adventure that night to make up for the inconvenience.
    While we’re on the subject of Disneyland… the 24 hour “One More Disney Day” event was huge for the Disneyland Resort it seems. I’ve heard that the park may have hit a new record attendance level during the day… hosting approximately 88,000 guests!
    (2/13/12) Lots of new pictures from the Disneyland Resort this week over at DisneyGeek , with a look at Cars Land, Matterhorn, and more.
    (2/9/12) The Disney Parks Blog reports that another Earl of Sandwich eatery will be added to Downtown Disney in California, adjacent to the AMC Theaters. This will be the only Earl of Sandwich location in California, and having had the opportunity to try a few of their Sandwiches at Walt Disney World, this is great news indeed.
    (1/25/12) Guests to Disneyland and Disney World may notice things getting more hairy starting this week. Management has relaxed grooming standards for Cast Members to allow them to grow beards and goatees. (Moustaches were already legalized a few years ago). That said, you wont pass through Frontierland and think you’ve just been loaded onto Splash Mountain by the ZZ Top guys anytime soon, as the new regulations still require a well groomed look with a maximum length of a quarter-inch.
    (1/11/12) The Anaheim GardenWalk… the troubled neighbor to the Disneyland Resort has gone through bankruptcy and is now up for sale and seeking a new owner . While the property is going to be a unique opportunity for someone, I wouldn’t be surprised to see Disney also put in a bid for it, given how close it is to the existing Disney property as well as to the land Disney owns down the street earmarked for a possible third park at some point in the future.
    (8/4/11) I’ve been given some very interesting information that could seriously affect the way to visit the Disneyland Resort in the future after Cars Land opens at California Adventure. For those who don’t frequent the SoCal parks often, the Disneyland Resort has been given a rather interesting problem to deal with as the sheer number of locals who are passholders has soared to all new heights… and these numbers are only expected to increase to even bigger numbers once Cars Land opens.
    The impact of having such a huge passholder base has actually raised the daily attendance levels at the Disneyland Resort to the point where they really do not have much of an ‘off season’ at all. Previously slow off-season Fridays afternoons now find the parks packed to the gills with passholders who drop in during the second half of the day for some Friday night entertainment with friends. With enough passholders to pack both parks… the problem becomes worse during special big performance events like World of Color, where the passholders from both parks use their park hopping perks, to decent in mass together to the nighttime show.
    While Walt Disney World will never have the passholder problem that Disneyland has due to the massive difference in local population levels, WDW also really doesn’t have the park hopping problems with their four parks as they are spread out, making park hopping a major event for a WDW guest. For the average Disneyland passholder, Park Hopping is the norm, allowing them to treat the two Disneyland Resort theme parks as one giant theme park playground, as switching between parks is as simple as a short walk across the esplanade.
    To help combat the park hopping problem, the Disneyland Resort is apparently looking into many options. To control the ‘day guest’, they may tack on a high premium cost to the 1-Day Park Hopper ticket option. In fact, they may go so far as to remove it from the list of tickets on the board entirely, and only sell it when a guest asks for it. (Kind of like ordering a 4x4 from In-n-Out.)
    To combat the passholder problem however, they are said to be seriously considering removing the option of Park Hopping at all from the Deluxe, Select and SoCal annual passes, leaving it only as an option for those willing to pay top dollar with a Premium Annual Pass. Another option for the lower passes, is to still allow for park hopping to take place, but you’ll have to pay an upcharge fee for it… every time you do it, to be charge automatically to whatever credit card you have on file for your monthly payment plan.
 
Grad-Night 2012 / 2013 Changes - (6/24/11) According to the official Disney Parks Blog , some major changes will be coming down the pipe that may forever alter the 50-year tradition known as Grad Night. Disney reports that for Grad Night 2012 guests will be given a park hopper pass and allowed to travel between Disneyland and California Adventure during the night as well as a special private showing of Fantasmic! that will kick off the event.
    Unfortunately, things are planned to take a turn for the worse in 2013, as the event will move entirely over to California Adventure for the night, which will include a private showing of World of Color, and the new Cars Land by then.  While California Adventure is a fine park now in it’s own right, I just don’t’ think it has the attractions capacity to handle the massive Grad Night crowds the way that Disneyland does.
    This all may sound a bit familiar to those who followed the demise of the Walt Disney World Grad Night event, which came to an end this past May. A couple of years before WDW decided to call it off, they too tried an attempt to move Grad Night to another park… Disney’s Hollywood Studios starting in 2009. On the surface this sounded reasonable at first as the Studios had the more teen friendly rides like Twilight Zone, Rock ‘n Roller Coaster, Star Tours, Fantasmic and the new Midway Mania. The park also has the best assortment of venues available for use for special concerts. Despite it all… it just wasn’t Grad Night without being at the Magic Kingdom, and the Grad Night was moved back to the Magic Kingdom the very next year.
    Now is the Disneyland Resort planning on making the very same mistake? By 2013 California Adventure will have a lot to offer teens for sure: Twilight Zone, Little Mermaid, Midway Mania, California Screamin, Goofy’s Sky School, Soarin’ and the massive Cars Land. But will it be enough, and will the market simply just accept that Grad Night is no longer across the way at Disneyland anymore? If I had to guess, I’m thinking the double-park aspect of the 2012 season may be Disney’s way to properly judge this very reaction, by giving the teens an open choice between the two parks to see where the attendance lines are split. They can always change their mind on 2013 at that point.
 
???? - New Resort Hotel(s) - In Development - (2/12/08) Blue Sky Disney brings up the subject of adding two more hotels to the Disneyland Resort in the future. In addition to the rumored hotel plans for the Simba lot (next to the Paradise Pier hotel) they also claim that the hotel project along Harbor Blvd that we heard about last year was still in the works. The update mentions that it would provide a nice dramatic visual theme to those traveling down Harbor and serve as a portal to everyone entering the Disneyland Resort Esplanade area in the same fashion of how the Disneyland Hotel in Paris works placed over the park’s main entrance.
    (3/19/07) Rumors are running wild about all kinds of possible hotel development projects at the Disneyland Resort. In addition to expanding the Grand Californian, renovating the existing Disneyland Hotel and possibly building a new hotel, we’ve also heard a couple of rumors concerning the future of the Paradise Pier hotel. Proposals have been apparently drawn up for several options for the site ranging from renovation all the way to demolition to build a completely new and themed resort on the property. We’ve also heard that the Del Coronado style concept that was mentioned for the site along Harbor may actually be moved to the parking lot next to the Paradise Pier hotel instead. From memory, I seem to recall seeing plans from back when DCA was under construction showing off the Downtown Disney parking lot as the site for a future “Magic Kingdom” themed hotel as well, but it looks like they don’t’ want to risk closing that lot for the time being.
 
???? - Third Theme Park - Rumor - (6/27/12) Could Disneyland be making it’s first serious steps towards designing a third California park? According to MiceAge , WDI has been drawing up plans for a full scale Marvel comics themed park that would feature more thrill rides and fit perfectly into the available acreage, as well as serve as a template for future parks in Paris, Hong Kong and Shanghai. There are lots of other infrastructure issues to be delt with before this can happen, such as making room for new resorts, and adding the extra parking spaces that will be needed with a way to transport guests and employees to all three parks.
 
