You Can Fly Today with runDisney!
Posted by :DISTherapy
Calling all fairies and princesses! Are you dreaming of a magical one-of-a-kind experience at the newly pixie dusted Disney California Adventure Park?  How would you like to see the sun rise over the mountain range in Cars Land?   Registration  for the 2013 Tinker Bell Half Marathon Weekend  has once again taken flight.
"You can run. You can run. You can run."
And to prove it, I thought you might be interested in a "fly-over" of 2012's inaugural event.  Prior to this latest Disneyland endurance contest, Disney runners coveting the Coast to Coast Race Challenge  had only one West Coast option, the very popular Disneyland Half Marathon.  Building upon the huge success of the Walt Disney World Princess Half Marathon Weekend, and acknowledging that women are the most rapidly growing population of racers, in April of 2011 runDisney announced its decidedly feminine yet spunkier new race; the Inaugural Tinker Bell Half Marathon- January 27th- 29th, 2012 to be held at the Disneyland Resort.
Copyright Disney
Sold out in less than 4 months, this half marathon hosted 12,000 runners (of those, 920 were "Lost Boys"), and the entire weekend welcomed 17,000 participants.  
2012 Itinerary
-   Tinker Bell Half Marathon Weekend Expo  Friday, January 27th 10:00 am - 7:00 pm
                                                                                    Saturday, January 28th: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Conveniently located in the Disneyland Hotel Exhibit Hall, the Expo included Packet Pick-up, health and fitness speakers (including Jeff Galloway and the new runDisney Moms Panelist, Lori Lovell), the runDisney Official Merchandise store, Dooney & Bourke Tinker Bell specialties and the expected running gear bonanza.
-   Never Land Family Fun Run 5K: Friday, January 27th, 10:30 pm 
runDisney's first-ever evening 5K coursed through the Disneyland Resort- beginning at Main Street, U.S.A and ending at Disney California Park.  Each participant was given one Twilight Theme Park Ticket (good for either Disneyland Resort Park) that was valid for one entrance after 4 pm through Monday, January 30th.  Was that a bargain at $99 or what?!
-   Disney Kids' Races: Saturday, January 28th, 8:00 am 
Diaper Dash, Kids' Races (according to age group) and 1 Mile Run.  Children 13 and under enter the appropriate race at the Disney California Adventure Park.
-   Tinker Bell Half Marathon: Sunday, January 29th, 5:45am
Kicking off on Disneyland Drive near Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel, and finishing in the Simba Parking Lot, also alongside the hotel.  NOTE:  If you are staying at a Disneyland Resort Hotel, there is no need to allow extra travel time for buses, as this area is in walking distance from all three of their hotels! 
The Pre-show outside Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel
Corral B!
The 13.1 mile course traversed the Disneyland Park, Downtown Disney, the City of Anaheim, and then through Disney California Adventure Park. Nine beverage stations, offering water and PowerAde, and one refuel stop distributing Cliff Shots were positioned throughout the race.
Charging the castle!
Fairy Finish!!
While this half marathon did offer its spectators ChEAR Squad packages, these reserved viewing locations (outside the AMC 12 Theaters in Downtown Disney and the Finish Line in the Simba Parking Lot) did not include any zones inside either park.
In addition to the usual Disney entertainment and character interactions, I must give a shout out to the City of Anaheim, and its hordes of high school cheerleaders, local marching bands, a military rock band and beautiful young Hawaiian dancers who gave us a much-needed boost through the later miles.  I was so impressed by these young people- they redefined hospitality!  Of course, it should be noted that the well-deserving Anaheim Community Foundation was the Disney appointed charitable beneficiary of this weekend. 
Also of note was the two-person team category. These runners each completed the 13.1 race (not as a Relay), and received Commemorative Team Bibs and eligibility for special Team awards.
Registration for the 2013 Tinker Bell Half Marathon opened last week with a price tag of $150 (with that rate increasing after July 17th to $165, and again after September 4th to $180). For my yardage, it is worth every dollar.  This year's line-up has been altered in several minor ways:
-   The weekend has been moved 2 weeks earlier in the calendar; January 19th - January 20th, 2013.
-   The Never Land Family Fun Run will be held Saturday morning, January 19th, at 5:45.  (In lieu of a Friday evening 5K.)  Unlike last year, there is no park admission included in this race, and therefore the price is now $65.
-   Kid's Races will begin one hour later, at 9:00 a.m. on Saturday morning following the finish of the 5K.
-   Start time for the half marathon has been changed from 5:45 to 5:00 a.m. Watch the beauty sleep gals!
-   Mimicking Walt Disney World's "plusses", new this year will be the Tinker Bell Half Marathon Weekend  Pasta Party . Offered on Saturday evening, January 19th from 6:00  - 8:00 p.m., and open to all race participants, family and friends, the Disneyland Hotel will be home to this dinner buffet, a live DJ and Disney Character appearances.
-   Also at the Disneyland Hotel, the Tinker Bell Half Weekend  Breakfast  will be held after the 5K and before the Kid's Races - Saturday morning from 7:00- 9:00 a.m.. 
Sooooo, now's your chance to don your wings and see the new Cars Land and Buena Vista Street up close and personal.  And with so many folks vying for their Coast to Coast medals, I suggest keeping your focus aimed at the second star to the right.  I'm betting the 2013 Tinker Bell Half Marathon will sell out faster than you can say Pixie Hollow. 
You can read more at Donna's blog,  :DIStherapy , or follow her on Twitter @DIStherapy,  Facebook  or  Pinterest .
