Click here if you are planning to go to Disneyland and wouldn’t say no to saving up to $3000!!!
Disneyland secrets to save money on your vacation:
#Get hold of brochures and maps from the park to determine which attractions you want to visit for sure. Quite a few offer detailed “planning guides” without cost; take a look at their Sites.
#Think about buying a guide, this will save you a lot of time and money – my favorite is Disneyland Secrets And Tips . This guide will help you as the knowledgeable friend that knows how to take you to the park’s greatest attractions at the same time skipping the chaff.
#Do not buy tickets at the gate. The majority of parks offer you discount for purchasing tickets from their web sites, and special offers have grown popular even during “peak” seasons.
#Contact the websites for offers. Compare the parks’ own discounts with others. Pay close attention to expiration dates as well as other information that may limit the usefulness of the cheaper offers; I’m sure you do not want to reach the gate and discover that your ticket has expired.
#Start thinking about waiting. If you are planning to go to a theme park in July or August, you might
postpone on getting tickets til the latter part of June. Theme parks usually do not choose whether to reveal summer promotions, Niles said, right up until they see how much presence they get over the first couple of weeks of summer. If you are ready to gamble a little bit by waiting, you could save money from that deal.
#Take advantage of your ZIP Code. If you are a local, you most likely are in a position to get significant discounts. Disneyland often offers cheaper tickets to Southern Californians, and many other parks sell annual tickets for the cost of a one-day pass. In addition, several companies and government departments positioned near theme parks offer cheaper tickets to their staff members; be sure to ask your company. In case you go to college near a theme park, talk with your student union for cheaper tickets.
#Make use of your memberships. Your AAA, AARP or warehouse club memberships can get you discounts. Besides that, you might possibly be able to trade your traveler points for tickets. Hilton and Marriott hotel chains, as an example, let you to trade your traveler points for 3-Day Park Hopper tickets at Disneyland.
Click here if you are planning to go to Disneyland and wouldn’t say no to saving up to $3000!!!
Also check out these Disneyland Tips:
1. The perfect time period to go to Disneyland is early September, when the weather is perfectly warm, the school has already started and the park isn’t crowded. The other good time is May.
2. If you planning to go to Disneyland on off-season, be advised that
- The park isn’t opened as long as on high season
- Higher chance that some rides are closed for maintenance
- They may not offer Fast Passes
3. Contact Disneyland directly at 714-781-7290 when you have some certain questions. You’re going to get to speak with a real person.
4. To get a list of rides that happen to be closed for maintenance, contact (714) 781-4565 and press 5. As well as to view that list visit the Disneyland
website.
5. Grown-ups with children do not have to stand in line if the ride is only meant for the grown-ups.
- Example 1: If Mother would like to ride Space Mountain although Dad and children don’t, inform the person working the ride and show him or her your family. He or she will probably let Mommy go in an exclusive, shorter line.
- Example 2: Mommy and Daddy both wish to ride Space Mountain however they have an child who can not. All three wait in line and whenever they arrive at the front, explain to worker you wish to trade off. Mommy rides first at the same time Daddy and child wait; and when Mommy is finished, Daddy takes her seat and
rides right after her.
6. Take bottled water. All that wandering can make you thirsty. Vending machine water and sodas are pretty
expensive. In addition, you are unable to take bottles onto rides so you wind up throwing the majority of them away.
7.The greatest site to purchase Disneyland passes is the Disneyland.com website. This is the fastest, easiest, most trustworthy source of discount Disneyland tickets. And don’t forget:
- You are able to print them on your PC, so there won’t be any shipping fees or waiting for tickets.
- You will receive a 20% off merchandise voucher.
- Your “e-Ticket” can also be replaced in case you forget or lose it.
8. At the Disneyland entrance the lines 13, 20, or 21 move the fastest.
9. Fast Pass is a free ticket system within Disneyland that can help you save a lot of time. Be sure to check it out.
10. The greatest rides for little ones are:
- It is a Small World
- Dumbo the Flying Elephant
