[ edit ] By plane
Disneyland is within driving distance of a number of Southern California airports. Regardless of which airport you land at, it is always a good idea to consider available alternative forms of transportation before deciding to rent a car. Airport shuttles and public transit are an ideal option, especially if you are unfamiliar with the area. While LAX is the obvious choice and the most popular, there are a few other options which are calmer and sometimes even make for an easier arrival.
John Wayne Orange County Airport ( IATA : SNA) [3] is one of the two closest airports to Anaheim. The Disneyland Resort Express [4] , operated by Gray Line, provides direct bus service to the Disneyland Resort from here.
Long Beach Airport ( IATA : LGB) [5] is the same distance as John Wayne, about 14 miles from the Resort, and is the smallest (i.e. easiest to deal with) in the Los Angeles area. Depending on where you are flying from it's one of the easiest ways to get to Disneyland. Although there is no direct bus service from the airport to the resort, depending on the number of people in your party it may be less expensive to rent a car in any case. Interestingly, if you take the main exit from the airport, which is East Wardlow Road, eventually it becomes Ball Road, which runs directly across the north edge of Disneyland itself. JetBlue [6] serves 13 nonstop destinations from Long Beach: Boston, New York, Washington D.C., Fort Lauderdale, Chicago, Austin, Salt Lake City, Las Vegas, Sacramento, San Francisco, Oakland, Portland, and Seattle.
Los Angeles International Airport ( IATA : LAX) [7] is the largest airport in the area. The Disneyland Resort Express is also available here as well. Most visitors, especially those from overseas, arriving for a visit to Disneyland or to the greater Los Angeles area tend to arrive here.
LA/Ontario International Airport ( IATA : ONT) [8] in San Bernardino County is within close distance of Disneyland; take I-10 (San Bernardino Freeway) west and exit into California State Route 57 (Orange Freeway) south which leads directly into Anaheim. Take either the Ball Road or Katella Avenue exit (3 and 2 respectively) and travel west. Alternatively, you can also take the Metrolink San Bernardino Line from Rancho Cucamonga or Upland to Los Angeles Union Station, where you can transfer to either the Orange County Line or the Amtrak Pacific Surfliner.
Bob Hope Airport ( IATA : BUR) [9] in Burbank is the only Los Angeles-area airport that is directly served by Amtrak and Metrolink. Amtrak's Pacific Surfliner directly connects the airport to Anaheim. Metrolink's Ventura County Line links the airport with Los Angeles Union Station, with many daily departures (though limited on weekends). Transfers to the Orange County Line or the Pacific Surfliner can be made at Union Station.
[ edit ] By car
As with much of California , by car is probably the easiest way to get to the Disneyland Resort from the surrounding area (or even San Diego , Las Vegas , and San Francisco ). The Disneyland Resort offers ample parking both for day visitors to the park as well as hotel guests. All of the surrounding hotels offer parking, but some clearly do not have sufficient parking for the number of overnight guests.
Driving to the Disneyland Resort also means braving the Southern California traffic, which at times can be overwhelming. The Disneyland website offers driving directions [10] , as do most online map sites. Traveling from the Long Beach Airport to the Disneyland Resort can be done using surface streets instead of freeways, which can be very crowded during commute hours.
The Disneyland Resort is bounded by Katella Avenue to the south, Ball Road to the north, Walnut Street to the west, Harbor Boulevard to the east, and the Santa Ana Freeway (I-5) on the northeast corner. The Anaheim Convention Center is located south of the resort across Katella Avenue.
Parking at the theme parks is $15 for Car/Motorcycle, $20 for RV/Oversized Vehicle, and $25 for Bus/Tractor Trailer. Parking at Downtown Disney is free for the first three hours and $6 for each additional hour afterwards, charged in increments of $2 every 20 minutes. Valet parking is available at Downtown Disney for $6 extra from 5:00 p.m. - 2:00 a.m.
If you are arriving in Anaheim by train, a taxi is a reasonable option to get to the resort from the station. A one-way taxi ride from either the Anaheim or Fullerton Train Station is around $15 plus tip to the Anaheim Resort area.
[ edit ] By foot
One of the great advantages at the Disneyland Resort is that Disneyland Park, Disney California Adventure Park, Downtown Disney, and many "off property" hotels are all within walking distance.  Unlike Walt Disney World in Florida, guests can walk between Disneyland Park, Disney California Adventure Park, and Downtown Disney in just a minute or two.  There are approximately 12 "off property" hotels that are within a 10 minute walk.  Some experienced visitors to the Disneyland Resort stay at the walking-distance hotels and find it more convenient to not have a car.  It only takes five to 10 minutes to walk to the Disneyland entrance from a walking-distance hotel, and taking breaks in the middle of the day is much more convenient.
[ edit ] By transit
Local trains and buses are the cheapest ways to get to the park. Amtrak and Metrolink's Anaheim station is located on the north edge of the parking lot of Angel Stadium, about two miles east of Disneyland on Katella Avenue. Amtrak's Pacific Surfliner [11] (Paso Robles to San Diego, via San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, and Los Angeles) and Metrolink's Orange County Line [12] (LA to Oceanside) service the station.
From 6:30AM-8:45AM, a free Orange County Transit Authority bus (Route 430) will take you directly into Disneyland from the station. That same bus will take you back to the station for free from 3:30PM-6PM. There is no service on weekends. Other than these times Route 50, which runs from Cal State University Long Beach to The Village at Orange, services the station by using Katella Avenue about every 30 min (though you will have to walk about 10 min down Harbor Blvd if you pick this bus). Other OCTA routes servicing the park but not the station are Route 43 (Harbor Blvd.), which runs from La Habra to Downtown Newport Beach about every 20 min; Route 46 (Ball Rd.), which runs between Los Alamitos and The Village at Orange; and Route 83 (Santa Ana Freeway), which goes from the Laguna Hills Mall to the Disneyland Resort, by way of Santa Ana. The last four routes cost $1.50 per boarding.
Los Angeles County MTA Route 460 links Disneyland with Fullerton, Buena Park (with a stop at Knott's Berry Farm), Norwalk, and downtown LA.
If you are staying at the Knott's Berry Farm Resort Hotel [13] in nearby Buena Park , you can take advantage of the free Disneyland shuttle.
The City of Anaheim runs a tourist bus service [14] .
[ edit ] Tickets
Warning: Purchasing tickets online
Many tickets sold online through auction websites such as eBay or Craigslist are partially used multi-day park-hopper tickets. While this is a very common activity, it is prohibited by Disney: the tickets are non-transferable. There is also an inherent risk to you as a buyer, because you don't know for certain how many days remain on the ticket. If you are purchasing tickets online, only purchase from authorized brokers; resold tickets are subject to rejection at the gate.
Visiting Disneyland is an expensive affair. Tickets are sold at several levels: the base ticket is the Single-Day Theme Park Ticket which enables admission to only one of the two parks for a full day. By contrast, the 1-Day Park Hopper allows you to see both parks on the same day, and to move back and forth between the parks. Park Hopper tickets are also sold in increments of 2, 3, 4, and 5 days; while the ticket price increases with each day, the price per day actually decreases with each day. Multi-day Park Hopper tickets do not have to be used on consecutive days, but will expire 14 days after the first day they are used. The value of the Park Hopper ticket options should not be underestimated.
Note, only 1 and 2 day ticket options, Annual Passes, along with the Southern California CityPASS are sold at the Disneyland Resort Main Ticket Windows.  To buy the longer tickets (3 to 5 days), you need to buy them in advance, such as Disneyland.com/tickets, a travel agent, or selected tickets can be bought at a local Hotel or Disney Desk.
The prices below are effective May 20th, 2012:
Days
