Vendee 21°C (70°F)
Biarritz 21°C (70°F)
Ile De Re 20°C (68°F)
Brittany 19°C (66°F)
La Rochelle 20°C (68°F)
Disneyland  Paris is located  in the eastern suburbs of France’s  capital. The climate is temperate with warm summers and cold winters. There is  a marked difference in the weather between the seasons. Rainfall is moderate  and fairly steady year round and rain showers can be sudden. Extreme hot or  cold temperatures are rare in this area of France. As France enjoys the typical Mediterranean climate, Disneyland Paris enjoys pleasant and mild weather year round, meaning a holiday spent there is likely to be spent enjoying more pleasant weather than in Britain, across the pond, no matter what time of ... Continue reading
Latest Disneyland Reviews
Our holidays in Disneyland
5 We have been in September, May and twice in August which is our favourite time to go. We have had great weather each tim... Read full review
Anonymous on 26th February 2011
Weather Overview for Disneyland
Disneyland Paris is located in the eastern suburbs of France ’s capital. The climate is temperate with warm summers and cold winters. There is a marked difference in the weather between the seasons. Rainfall is moderate and fairly steady year round and rain showers can be sudden. Extreme hot or cold temperatures are rare in this area of France.
As France enjoys the typical Mediterranean climate, Disneyland Paris enjoys pleasant and mild weather year round, meaning a holiday spent there is likely to be spent enjoying more pleasant weather than in Britain, across the pond, no matter what time of year you're there.
Summer:
Summer is generally warm in Disneyland, though heat waves can occasionally bring high temperatures. July and August are the peak summer months and see the warmest weathers of the year; daytime highs are regularly in the mid-20s and the night time temperature doesn’t tend to fall much below the mid-teens.
Rainfall is moderate in summer with the summer months averaging about 60mm. This is not a particularly high volume but brief summer showers can be quite frequent, especially in the afternoons and evenings. Averages show the summer months see about 12 days with some rainfall. Although these showers can arrive unexpectedly, they are usually over with quickly and the sun returns.
The short heavy showers of summer explain why the averages show that the summer months have the highest volume of rainfall in the year yet the least amount of rainy days.
Occasional summer heat waves can bring temperatures up into the 30s. Things can feel very hot at this time – spare a thought for Mickey Mouse and company suffering the heat in their suits!
For the most part, you can count on the Mediterranean climate to bring about hot and sunny days during this season, with weather that is likely to be a vast improvement on that seen back in the U.K.
Make sure you're prepared for heat waves; a day spent out under the sun's strong waves can bring with it risks of sun burn, damage and heat stroke, especially with that time spent queuing for your favourite rides. Make sure you carry bottled water around with you to keep yourself hydrated at all times and wear plenty of sun cream with a high SPF to protect yourself.
Otherwise, this is the season that will see the best weather in Disneyland, though you may face some longer queues for the water rides as a result!
Autumn:
The weather changes quickly in autumn as the warm summer weather gives way to winter.
September is still a warm month that often sees summer like weather. Daily highs average in the low 20s at this time and there is a good amount of sunshine. By November, however, the temperature is not often into double figures. October is somewhere in between with temperature averaging 12C.
Rainfall in autumn is much the same as at the rest of the year, with a monthly average of around 50 mm, although early autumn sees a little more than late autumn.
The climate can be unpredictable in the autumn, though. It's worth packing layers of clothes with a warmer jacket or light coat, as well as an umbrella, so you're prepared and comfortable no matter what the weather is doing.
Sudden peaks in temperatures can bring in days of summer like heat, especially in September/ early October. Equally possible though, is a drop in temperatures that can leave a winter like chill in the air, especially as the end of October draws near, with winter on its way.
Evenings can also be much chillier at this time of the year, so bear that in mind when walking the streets of the Magical Kingdom after the sun's gone down.
Winter:
Winters are quite cold in Disneyland; January is the coldest month on average with highs of 6°C and lows of 1°C.
Temperature can dip below zero and snowfall is sometimes seen, though it is all that not common. Disneyland under a cover of snow can be a magical sight.
Rainfall is again an around 50mm per month, but it is more of the drizzly kind at this time of year so expect some of those grey wet days that we are so used to in the United Kingdom .
Thanks to the Mediterranean climate, though, extreme winter weather is a rarity.
The climate tends to be milder than that in the United Kingdom at this time of the year, with higher temperatures and much less chance of seeing snow.
That being said, you may want to wait until the weather warms up once again before jumping on one of the water rides! It's cold enough that a day spent trudging around the Magic Kingdom in soggy clothes won't feel particulary magical. 
Whatever the weather, there will be plenty to keep you entertained here, so the prospect of lower temperatures shouldn't affect your decision to visit the park in the winter months.
Spring:
The cold winter weather quickly departs and late spring can see some great weather. From March the temperatures once again begin to regularly climb into double figures.
While evenings in early spring are often still chilly, late spring can see summer like weather with highs into the 20s.
Early spring has the lowest average rainfall of the year, but you should still expect a few showers.
You may well still find you need to keep an umbrella handy and a warmer jacket for the evenings, when temperatures can drop suddenly and unexpectedly.
The climate at this time of the year is relatively unpredictable and can vary.
It's not uncommon to see days that bring with them summer like heat. However, it's just as common to feel a sudden chill as temperatures drop back to winter like lows.
That being said, for the most part, the weather shoudl remain warm and pleasant, with the occassional wet spell the worst of the weather. Those water rides should once again be an appealling option.
Latest Disneyland Reviews
My holiday at disneyland paris
5 We went the first week in August and it was warm, sometimes hot but not uncomfortable. Lovely in the evenings too.... Read full review
Anonymous on 12th August 2010
Disney in the heat
4 When I went to Disneyland Paris it was the beginning of September 2009. It was absolutey boiling hot, this is the first ... Read full review
Anonymous on 25th March 2010
Search :
