Minnie Mouse is one of several live characters at Disneyland Paris.
Disneyland Paris
Disneyland Paris provides a great family vacation, while allowing the family to also enjoy the city of Paris a few minutes away. Get all the basics you need before visiting Disneyland Paris, Europe's #1 tourist destination.
About Disneyland Paris
Europe's top destination, Disneyland Paris, features two theme parks (Disneyland Park and Walt Disney Studios Park), Disney Village, seven themed hotels and Golf Disneyland.
About 32 kilometers or 20 miles outside of Paris, it is about one-fifth the size of Paris itself. Millions have visited since it opened (amidst much anti-Mickey controversy) in 1990.
While this isn't exactly the most tres chic destination in France, it provides a great opportunity to make the kids and the parents happy. Not only is it close to Paris, but Paris is 2 hours, 40 minutes from London via Eurostar .
Getting to Disneyland Paris
By Car: A4 motorway Metz-Nancy, exit 14 "Parcs Disney". For Disney's Davy Crockett Ranch, exit 13 "Provins/Serris".
By RER: line A – Marne-la-Vallée/Chessy station.
By Train: There are direct TGV (France speed train) connections to the Marne-la-Vallée/Chessy station in the heart of Disneyland Resort Paris from over 25 cities in France. The SNCF and Disneyland Resort Paris offer packages including transportation from all of these cities.
By Plane: If you arrive at Charles de Gaulle or Orly airports in Paris, VEA shuttle service offers daily links to Disneyland Resort Paris hotels with departures every 30 to 45 minutes.
Where To Stay at Disneyland Paris
There are seven hotels right inside Disneyland Paris,featuring sports and leisure facilities, including swimming pools, exercise rooms, tennis courts and pony rides. They also offer guests a further opportunity to meet the Disney Characters. Packages, which include a two-night stay with a three-day pass, are also available. There are also several hotels which recently opened a short drive from the park.
Where to Buy Disneyland Paris Tickets
You can buy Disneyland Paris tickets at the following locations:
at Park admission ticket windows
by phone at 33 1 60 30 60 30 (calling to France)
in the Disney Store on the Champs Elysées, Paris
in the FNAC stores in Paris
at the Virgin Megastore on the Champs Elysees in Paris
at the Paris Tourism Office and in Parisian airports
at certain RATP ticketing windows in Paris (metro and RER)
Disneyland Paris for Disabled Visitors
The "Guide for Disabled Visitors," can be obtained it at City Hall at the entrance to the Disneyland Park, at Studio Services at the entrance to the Walt Disney Studios Park and at the reception office in any of the Disney hotels.
More About Disneyland Paris
