Disneyland in Anaheim welcomes back an old friend, the Electrical Parade!
Anaheim, CA - Aguidetoanaheim, Disneyland , and local Disneyland Hotels are pleased to announce the return of Disney's Electrical Parade. The new home for the parade is Disney’s California Adventure Park, the 55 acre theme park right next door to Disneyland and the Downtown Disney entertainment complex in Anaheim, CA. On July 4th Disneyland officials "flipped the switch" and brought everyone's favorite Disneyland parade back to life and out of retirement. It has been over five years since this parade lit up the night sky at Disneyland Buy Discount Disneyland¨ Resort Park Hopper¨ Tickets
Anaheim Hotels Spotlight
The Anaheim Marriott Hotel
Anaheim Convention Center Tips Help You Save Money, Avoid Common Hassles, and Find Anaheim Hotels and Disneyland Hotels
Our aguidetoanaheim experts can help make your next Convention trip to the beautiful Anaheim Convention Center less expensive and hassle free. Our experts offer great information on Disneyland hotels, and local Anaheim hotels , and show you how to save time and money. We'll help you find discounted hotel rates near the Convention Center and help uncover some of the obstacles you may encounter while visiting Anaheim and the Disneyland Resort. This expert advice has saved more
Anaheim Equals Attractions, Attractions, Attractions!
Our experts have compiled a complete list of Anaheim attractions to make sure that when you visit one of our Anaheim hotels , you never run out of things to see and do. This list not only covers Anaheim and Orange County, but also includes popular attractions located throughout Southern California . Have you seen a Pro Sporting Event or Concert recently? Check out our local venues for local teams and performing acts! ABC Tickets has Anaheim event tickets including Angels tickets, Mighty Ducks tickets, and also Los Angeles concert tickets! There is literally no limit to the fun you'll have when you visit these great Anaheim area attractions! more
Anaheim Suite Hotel Spotlight - The Peacock Suites Resort Hotel
There are many family friendly hotels in Anaheim near Disneyland and the Convention Center to choose from. But one of the best all-suite Anaheim hotels in our book is the Peacock Suites Resort hotel. The Peacock Suites Resort hotel offers spacious 1, 2, and 3 bedroom suites, free continental breakfast, shuttle to Disneyland, and has a wonderful reputation for being known as “Family Friendly”. The big hit that seperates this Anaheim hotel from other Anaheim hotels are the extra activities for the kids. Magicians, face painting, BBQ's, and movie nights are just a few of the activities Peacock Suites guests enjoy while staying at the hotel. This hotel is AAA rated 3-Diamonds and is located just 2 blocks from the Anaheim Convention Center, Disneyland Park , Disney's California Adventure Park, and Downtown Disney! You can save money at our All-Suite Hotel Spotlight pick, The Peacock Suites Resort when you choose to book your reservations online with us! The Peacock Suites offers discount rates too! more
Got Tips? Aguidetoanaheim Has Plenty!
What do you do when you need travel tips on Anaheim hotels , Anaheim Attractions, Conventions, and Disneyland Park ? Look to aguidetoanaheim! Whether it is your first time to Anaheim or fifteenth, a little bit of good advice can be a big help while here in the land of Mickey Mouse . We have gathered together a list of travel tips to help  newcomers and seasoned visitors alike. This advice comes directly from our aguidetoanaheim travel experts...our clients. They have answers to many of questions you want to know about before you travel to Anaheim. Our insiders have prepared this more
Great Day Trips! - Discover Southern California Neighbors near Anaheim!
aguidetoanaheim offers suggestions on other cool cities to visit in Southern California on your trip to Anaheim. One of our favorites is SAN DIEGO! Great weather, beautiful beaches, fabulous dining, world class attractions, and spectacular hotels are just a few of the reasons San Diego always tops our list of places to visit. Now you can check availability at San Diego hotels and plan your day trip with ease with aguidetoanaheim. You can also view hotels in other So Cal cities -  Find Palm Springs hotels, Santa Barbara hotels, Los Angeles hotels and more. There are so many places to visit and things to see, one day trip may not be enough. Have fun! more
Aguidetoanaheim Makes Planning Anaheim Group Travel, Anaheim Corporate Meetings and Anaheim Conventions a Snap...
At aguidetoanaheim we specialize in providing our clients the lowest Anaheim group rates at Anaheim hotels and the best Anaheim area information on every city we service. We also specialize in organizing and planning discount Group Travel, Corporate Meetings, and Conventions of all sizes at Anaheim hotels.
We understand how much time and effort go into planning and producing an event. Even the smallest group can consume many hours of your time just to check Anaheim hotels for availability and room rates. This is why we are so pleased to offer you our One Stop Shop Group Travel, Corporate Meetings and Convention planning service. This specialized service provides professional coordinators who will work with you, and for you, to find the best available Anaheim hotels or hotels nation-wide, suitable meeting space, and convention services more
The Anaheim Marriott Hotel is our Anaheim Hotels Spotlight pick.
The Anaheim Marriott Hotel is the perfect place to stay whether you are traveling for business or pleasure. It's premium location puts you just minutes from Disneyland, Disney's California Adventure, Downtown Disney, and just steps from the Anaheim Convention Center on Convention Way. The Anaheim Marriott combines the best family vacation environment with the best business environment to create a unique, world-class destination hotel unlike no other.
With it's recent $ 25 Million dollar renovation completed, The Anaheim Marriott Hotel is setting new standards for elegance, convenience, and upscale services available in Anaheim and Orange County. All who choose to stay at this beautiful hotel are sure to make it their hotel of choice when they return to visit the Anaheim area.
Planning a group or corporate meeting? The Anaheim Marriott boasts 1033 guest rooms and 40 suites as well as 27 meeting rooms totaling 55,000 square feet. more
Find the Best Anaheim Shopping, Dining, and Entertainment. Check Out These All in One Anaheim Experiences:
aguidetoanaheim’s list of shopping centers offers a variety of  experiences for each member of the family. The Block, with its off-the-wall shops, dining, and entertainment experiences is definitely for the young and energetic. Downtown Disney is a great place to go for excitement, shopping, and dining. See a movie at the AMC 12 Theaters or be entertained at the House of Blues or ESPN Zone . If you are only looking for the best of the best and more
Anaheim Hotels - Book online and save up to 50% at Anaheim hotels near Disneyland and the Anaheim Convention Center!
At aguidetoanaheim we have simplified your search for Anaheim hotels into three easy to use categories.
1. Premium Anaheim hotels - Mostly full service, upscale Anaheim hotels with upgraded amenities and facilities. The Hilton Anaheim & Towers hotel is a good example of a Premium Anaheim hotel.
2. Moderate Anaheim hotels - Full or medium service hotels providing standard to above standard facilities. Usually very popular with families and convention attendees, most offer an onsite restaurant and above average in-room amenities. The Anaheim Fairfield Inn by Marriott is a good example of a Moderate Anaheim hotel.
3. Budget Anaheim hotels - Offer value and savings as the most important amenity. Facilities are complete and comfortable, usually offering a pool and standard size hotel rooms. The Penny Sleeper Inn is a good example of a Budget Anaheim hotel.
 
