 
 
 Finally in 1953, he had the Stanford Research Institute     conduct a survey for a 100-acre site, outside of Los Angeles.     He needed space to build rivers, waterfalls, and mountains; he     would have flying elephants and giant teacups;a fairy-tale castle,     moon rockets, and a scenic railway; all inside a magic kingdom     he called "Disneyland."
Location was a top priority. The property would have to be     within the Los Angeles metropolitan area, and accessible by freeway.     It would also have to be affordable: Walt's pockets were only     so deep.
The search for the best spot finally ended in the rural Anaheim,         California with a purchase of a 160-acre orange grove near the         junction of the Santa Ana Freeway (I-5) and Harbor Boulevard.
The site where Disneyland was to         be built.
Although, Disneyland was expensive. Walt once said "I     could never convince the financiers that Disneyland was feasible,     because dreams offer too little collateral." So Walt turned     to Television for his financial support. "Walt Disney's     Disneyland" television series offered a glimpse of the future     project. This brought the idea of Disneyland into reality for     Walt and the American people.
Construction for Disneyland began on July 21, 1954, a meager     12 months before the park was scheduled to open. From that day     forward Walt Disney's life would never be the same.
Some 160-acres of citrus trees had been cleared and 15 houses     moved to make room for the park. The area was in semi-rural Orange     County, near a freeway that would eventually stretch from San     Diego to Vancouver.
When the real designing came around, Walt was met with inevitable         questions. How do you make believable wild animals, that aren't         real? How do you make a Mississippi paddle ship? How do you go         about building a huge castle in the middle of Anaheim, California?         So, Walt Disney looked to his movie studio staff for the answers.         The design of Disneyland was something never done before. There         would be five uniquely different lands.
Walt discussing the plans of all         the different lands
Walt had planed out all the lands, to every detail. Main     Street, U.S.A., the very front of the park, was where Walt     wanted to relive the typical turn of the century city Main Street.     He said:
"For those of us who remember the carefree time it       recreates, Main Street will bring back happy memories. For younger       visitors, it is an adventure in turning back the calendar to       the days of grandfather's youth."
Walt made Main Street U.S.A the entrance to a "weenie," as he called it. He said:
"What you need is a weenie, which says to people       'come this way.' People won't go down a long corridor unless       there's something promising at the end. You have to have something       the beckons them to 'walk this way.'"
Walt also had planed for an "exotic tropical place" in a "far-off region of the world." Called Adventureland.       Walt said, "To create a land that would make this dream       reality, we pictured ourselves far from civilization, in the       remote jungles of Asia and Africa."
Frontierland was made to relive the pioneer days of the       American frontier. Walt said:
"All of us have a cause to be proud of our country's       history, shaped by the pioneering spirit of our forefathers.       . .Our adventures are designed to give you the feeling of having       lived, even for a short while, during our country's pioneer days."
Fantasyland was created with the goal to "make dreams       come true" from the lyrics of "When You Wish Upon a       Star." Walt said:
"What youngster. . .has not dreamed of flying with       Peter Pan over moonlit London, or tumbling into Alice's nonsensical       Wonderland? In Fantasyland, these classic stories of everyone's       youth have become realities for youngsters-of all ages-to participate       in."
Fantasyland would feature a large Sleeping Beauty Castle,     and a Fantasy Village.
Tomorrowland was created as a look at the "marvels     of the future." Walt said:
"Tomorrow can be a wonderful age. Our scientists       today are opening the doors of the Space Age to achievements       that will benefit our children and generations to come. . .The       Tomorrowland attractions have been designed to give you an opportunity       to participate in adventures that are a living blueprint of our       future."
Although, Walt had trouble working on Tommorrowland. He     said that "right when we do Tommorrowland, it will be out     dated."
Walt Stayed close to every detail of the Park's Construction,     and he visited the site in Anaheim several times a week. Progress     went sporadically despite exasperating obstacles.
The Rivers of America, carved out of sandy citrus grove soil,     refused to hold water. The answer was finally found in a bed     of native clay: an inch layer on the river bottom formed a pad     as hard as cement. Although, minor set backs did follow, progress     did continue.
Plants were planted throughout the park, emptying nurseries from         Santa Barbara to San Diego. Detail was made; if Walt Disney didn't         like what his studio designers came up with, he'd do it himself.         An example of this is Tom Sawyers Island. He thought his designers         had "misunderstood the idea" so Walt took home the         plans and the next day had it designed the way it appears today.
Disneyland under construction in 1955
Bit by bit, Disneyland got ready for Opening Day. The staff     worked around the clock to get ready. The Mark Twain was being     moved, deck by deck, down the Santa Ana freeway to get to Disneyland     on time. Finally, everything seemed to come together. The "magical     little park" was really a $17,000,000 "Magic Kingdom." Walt's dream had come true and Disneyland was ready to open."
Opening day, was a day to remember. Six thousand invitations     to the Grand Opening had been mailed. By mid-afternoon over 28,000     ticket holders were storming the Magic Kingdom. Most of the tickets     were counterfeit.
Walt Disney was 53 when he dedicated Disneyland Park. It was     a memorable ceremony. There in Town Square, Walt could look around     and see the fulfillment of his hopes, dreams, and ambitions in     the form of a spectacular entertainment kingdom.
Although, Opening Day was a terrible disaster. A 15 day heat     wave raised temperatures up to 110 degrees Fahrenheit. Also,     due to a plumbers strike, few water fountains were operating     in the hot weather. Asphalt still steaming, because it had been     laid the night before, literality "trapping" high heeled     shoes. After opening day, the heat wave continued, and almost     wiped out the park.
Beside the terrible opening day conditions, the park did eventually     pick up. By 1965, ten years after opening day, 50 Million visitors     had come through the gates.
Even though Walt Disney wasn't able to see how his park and     his company prospered and grew into the 21st Century, his legacy     still lives on with us. Throughout Disneyland and throughout     the entire world, he will always be there.
 
