[ edit ] Rides
Easily the primary attraction of Disneyland, rides can be quite crowded depending on popularity - even on otherwise empty days at the park.
Some notable rides are:
Space Mountain (Discoveryland) Space Mountain '2' is the park's current offering under the Space Mountain banner, an updated version of the old ride. The ride is tough and harsh and evokes strong reactions - some love it, some hate it. Fastpass available. Height restriction (1m32).
The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror (Walt Disney Studios Park) Same as the Disney California Adventure version, astounding decors, amazing ambiance, great sensations (remains a Disney attraction). Fastpass also highly recommended. If you suffer from heart problems this ride is not reccomended.
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Peril (Adventureland) is a nice ride but does have a loop and there is a height requirement.
Big Thunder Mountain (Frontierland) Also one of the better rides in Disneyland. Enjoyable but incredibly busy so fastpass is a must. Post-ride photo available.
Rock n' Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith (Walt Disney Studios park) is probably the coolest ride in Disneyland Paris. The design (sound studio) is excellent, the acceleration awesome, the mixed Aerosmith music and "concert ambiente" of this in-doors rollercoaster contribute to the experience. Highly recommended. Wait until during the stunt show as this empties the park, then go on for little or even no queue! Or, if the stunt show is not on for another couple of hours, pick up a fastpass ticket — but generally the queue is not too bad and does not require a fastpass. Another tip, ask to ride in the front, you may have to queue a little longer but generally get on the next time. If you have waited 45 minutes, why not wait another minute for the VIP ride!
Buzz Lightyear Laser Blast (Discoveryland) is an interactive ride — the only one in the whole complex? — which gives you a "laser pistol" with which to fire at targets, earning points that are totted up as you go along. (If you buy a post-ride photo, your point total appears on it.) Very good fun for all ages, with all the queueing under shelter. Busy: either get there early or take a fastpass.
Pirates of the Caribbean (Adventureland), probably the best known Disney ride, is a water ride with a piracy theme. It's pretty harmless, features a lot of Audio-Animatronic pirates and is suitable for all ages. Expect your clothes and gear to possibly get a few drops, though it's hardly a deluge. Features "The Blue Lagoon", an expensive "jungle ambiance" restaurant. Although it is usually busy, its quick loading technique shortens queuing time. Don't bother with a camera or camcorder - it's very dark. Post-ride photo of yourself on the ride (taken automatically) available.
It's A Small World is a stereotypical "cute" Disney ride. Designed mostly for small children, this is a perfect ride for those who can enjoy the most impressive kitsch ever designed. It's colorful, it has a catchy tune that will remain on your mind for days, and it's a lot of fun if you do not take it too seriously. Good for families with young children or silly adults. Sensible adults will enjoy if they've watched the first Shrek and recall the lyrics of 'Welcome to Dulac': "Please keep off the grass, shine your shoes, wipe your.. face".
Star Tours (Discoveryland) is a "Flight Sim" with a Star Wars theme. A must for every fan, but it's well done and should be enjoyable for most people. Pay attention for a few small jokes in the very well done set design. It can get quite busy so get a fastpass.
Crush's Coaster (Walt Disney Studios Park) is a very enjoyable roller coaster, mostly in the dark, themed on "Finding Nemo" in which you ride the East Australian Current on (in) a turtle. Height restriction (1m02). No Fastpass (Sep 08) and very long queues; get there early or be patient. In a 60-minute queue, only half will be under shelter.
Phantom Manor (Frontierland) A "haunted house" ride that is very well done. Pay attention to the fake cemetery on your way out for a few chuckles. However, it is in French so the plot may be hard to understand. The queue is ok but is more popular during Halloween. It may be unsuitable for very small children; it might not be a good idea to take along your baby, so leave him/her with some older member of the family.
[ edit ] FastPass
If you can plan your timing somewhat, you may wish to take advantage of the free FastPass system. When you get to a ride, you can get a so-called fast pass that allows you to bypass the bulk of the queue at a set, later time. Even when the park is only moderately crowded, it's a good idea to get fast passes for popular rides early (Big Thunder Mountain, Peter Pan and Tower of Terror for example).  FastPass exists only for a few of the most popular rides. On non peak days with low queues they may not bother issuing Fastpasses on some attractions, only issuing them for the two or three most popular rides in the park.
You first go to the Fastpass distribution area near the entrance of the ride, swipe or scan your park admission ticket in one of the machines and recieve a free Fastpass coupon with a time frame.  You then have to come back in that given time frame to experience the attraction. If you don't like the proposed time frame, you need to either get in the regular line or come back for a Fastpass later.  You cannot take another FastPass ticket before the start of the time frame on your current Fastpass.  There is a limited number of Fastpass tickets availiable each day so you should take them before they are all gone - especially for Big Thunder Mountain, Peter Pan and Tower of Terror.
Note that some attractions which regularly attract long lines such as Crush's Coaster and Autopia do not offer Fastpass so plan when to visit these attractions with the shortest wait e.g. at the very beginning or end of the day.
[ edit ] Baby Switch
This is a great system for people with very young children. Essentially only one has to queue while the other waits with the baby and then is taken straight to the front of the line.
Note - if you are using the Rock 'n' Rollercoaster, the Baby Switch process is slightly different.  Once the first adult has been on the ride, they collect a ticket at the exit.  The second parent then has to queue through the FastPass entrance (although the ride attendants recommendation is merely to push your way to the front of the queue), which can take some time.
[ edit ][ add listing ] Buy
If there is one thing you will never have a problem finding in Disneyland Paris, it's stores. Various themed and general stores are spread liberally throughout the park, selling Disney merchandise and general memorabilia. They carry everything from pencils to books, from Indiana Jones fedora hats to Cinderella costumes. The sky is basically the limit on the money you can spend at Disneyland Paris - you can buy glass/crystal trinkets and sword replicas in the central castle. If you come to Disneyland Paris with children, be prepared to reach deep into your pockets; cowboy hats and pistols or knights' swords seem to be essentials for boys; Cinderella costumes for girls. Either way, a set of goodies for a child will probably set you back approximately €50. Add to this plush dolls, t-shirts and action figures ... it's easy to spend €50-100 a head on "souvenirs" - or more.
The main shopping area of Disneyland Paris is Main Street USA. The largest store at Walt Disney Studios Paris is Disney Studio 1, which you will see straight ahead after you enter the park. Disney Village has a large collection of retailers, including a Disney Store...
[ edit ][ add listing ] Eat
Disneyland Paris sports many restaurants and bars that have mostly one thing in common: They're expensive. Some are simple fast-food spots, others are quite fancy. The food is often expensive. Cafe Mickey is expensive (€130 for four people) but the characters came around and you may save some time not queuing up in the park to have the kid's pictures taken with the characters.
The cheapest food on the premises can be bought at McDonald's. Unsurprisingly, they are  much more expensive than any average McDonald's.  The McDonald's in Disney Village is the largest in France.
The primary place to eat, drink, shop and party is in the Disney Village, which contains some nicely-themed restaurants including King Ludwig's Castle, the very atmospheric Jungle Café, and a nice steak house.
Perhaps the most interesting ambiance can be had in "The Blue Lagoon," which is built inside the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. Prices are steep, but the atmosphere is very nice. You can also look in on the ride itself which can be very entertaining
If you booked yourself into a Disney hotel, this includes breakfast - basically an all you can eat buffet of cereal, rolls, yogurt, and so on. The food is not fancy, but it'll feed you well. You should also get vouchers to eat in the Park at least once (they may offer more than once depending on the booking situation).  The food is the same, but you are admitted to the park 1 hour before it officially opens, giving you a head start to the rides. Not all the themed "lands" are open for this, you can get a list of the ones that are from your hotel. For instance "its a small world" doesn't open until 10AM and Autopia (cars that the kids can drive) doesn't open to 12:30PM.
There is a large shopping mall Val d'Europe located near the park (one stop west on RER A, also free parking is available). This may help if you are on a budget.
Bring something to drink into the park - if you walk around all day, especially when it's hot, you will need a lot of liquid. Don't forget that drinks at kiosks are very expensive.
There are signs at the entrance stating that there is no picnicking inside the Park.  However, this rule is not strictly enforced.
Remember that the park closes early in the winter, spring and autumn so it is hard to eat dinner in the park after dark.
[ edit ][ add listing ] Sleep
Disney offers various hotels in and around the park. They vary in quality and style. All should offer a free safe to store your valuables during the day, including notebook computers (Laptops). Inquire at the reception. Most are within easy walking distance from the Park
An asterisk (*) indicates hotels that offer point exchanges to members of the Disney Vacation Club [7] .
The Cheyenne hotel has a Western theme. It's a bit outside  - you have to take the bus to reach the Village  - and it's a little on the budget side. The rooms are nice and it's a good value for the money.  A walk around takes 10-15 minutes but is not that well signposted, perversely the signposts to the Park are easier to see on the way back from the Park than on the way there, but it's a fairly easy level walk. The hotel is a little on the budget side, basic, clean sort of the average travel lodge type. They offer an "all you can eat buffet" which is actually some of the best food on the Disney site.
The Disneyland* hotel is the most lavish and famously expensive. It is situated over the main entrance so walking isn't a problem, however this means that there is a bit of a walk to the village and lake Disney.
The New York* hotel is situated on Lake Disney. This hotel tends to attract business customers coming for conventions.
The Newport Bay* hotel is situated on Lake Disney. The theme is New England. Due to its many balconies and a very large swimming pool, this is a great hotel to stay at in the summer and offers great views out into the lake and beyond.
The Sequoia Lodge* hotel is situated on Lake Disney. The hotel consist of a main block where most of the rooms are and a number of smaller blocks scatter through the woods surrounding the hotel, it is quite a nice place to explore.
The Santa Fe hotel is situated on the other side of the river beside the Cheyenne hotel. You can reach the parks by walking but may prefer to take the bus as it is a ten to fifteen minute walk to the park but its probably the cheapest of them all.
The Davy Crockett Ranch is situated 5 minutes drive away (you have to have a car as there is no shuttle). It is quite different from the other hotels and consists of separate motel style accommodation with cooking facilities. There is also a shop (open late) and a swimming pool, horse rides and a petting zoo.
As well as the above, there are several outer hotels, all of these offer transport to the park but they don't have a Disney theme and may not be included in special offer packages.
One such hotel is the Holiday Inn, which is situated alongside the official Disney hotels.  It is also served by the Disney bus from Charles de Gaulle airport, and by the frequent shuttle buses to/from the parks.  It has a circus theme throughout, and has good sized family accommodation.
PV-Holidays Adagio Val d'Europe [8] is another cheaper, self-catering option. Located minutes from Eurodisney- with a free shuttle bus to and from. Apartments spacious, comfortable and self catering. Designed on the model of a private mansion house, with decor combining an urban style with the spirit of an English garden-city, the residence is also ideally located next to one of Europe's largest shopping centres. Tel: +33 1 58 21 55 84.
Radisson Blu Hotel, Allée De La Mare Houleuse, ☎ +33 (0)1 60 43 64 00, [9] . The Radisson Blu hotel is ideal for those wanting a bit more space, this modern hotel also boasts the Disneyland Golf course on its door-step so it is ideal for golfing enthusiasts.   edit
[ edit ] Talk
Communication should not be an issue for English-speaking visitors. Although Disneyland Paris is mainly French, all menus and signs are also available in English and some in other languages. All Cast Members speak English; and as they are recruited from all over Europe, several of them speak over three languages. If all else fails, the visitors are from all over Europe and the world, and a bystander might be able to translate. Besides French, many sights are also written in English and possibly German as they are the three most commonly used languages in Disneyland. Maps are available in French, English, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, and German while passing under the train tracks after you have purchased a ticket and entered the park.
[ edit ] Mail
You can buy postcards and stamps at most shops in the park. Mailboxes exist in some central locations. Ask the shopkeepers about the postage required to your destination.
[ edit ] Internet
The park doesn't offer Internet access to its visitors. Some of the more expensive hotels may offer an Internet Cafe though; inquire before booking. No computers are in any of the rooms but it is possible to bring a laptop as there are spare electric sockets and a desk space.
Val d'Europe [10] is the first stop from Marne-la-Vallee on RER A.
Or visit the other Disneyland parks worldwide at:
