Disneyland: Mickey Mouse and guests
Disneyland, 
amusement park in Anaheim , Calif., featuring characters, rides, and shows based on the creations of Walt Disney and the Disney Company .
In the early 1950s Walt Disney founded WED Enterprises, a corporate entity created to plan and build an amusement park near Los Angeles. Financing the endeavour proved difficult, but Disney was able to secure a significant portion of the funding from the American Broadcasting Company (ABC); ABC received in return the rights to produce a weekly Disney television program and a share of the park’s profits. Construction began on July 21, 1954, and was completed on July 17, 1955.
Disney’s disposition toward nostalgic sentiment and fantasy is evident in the park’s design and construction. The themed areas originally opened in Disneyland were Main Street, U.S.A., evoking a Midwestern American town at the turn of the 20th century; Fantasyland, based partly on stories from Disney animated features; Adventureland, a jungle-themed area; Frontierland, featuring the Mark Twain Riverboat; and Tomorrowland, an optimistic vision of the future. Subsequent additions were New Orleans Square, based on the southern U.S. city of New Orleans; Bear Country, later renamed Critter Country, featuring the Country Bear Jamboree and the Splash Mountain ride; and Mickey’s Toontown, a colourful world modeled on cartoon animation. A short-lived Holidayland existed from 1957 to 1961. The Anaheim property also holds a sister park, Disney’s California Adventure, which opened in 2001; a separate shopping, dining, and entertainment area called Downtown Disney District; and three hotels.
Disneyland became a mecca for tourists from around the world. By the turn of the 21st century, more than 14 million people visited the park annually. (See also Walt Disney World Resort ; Epcot .)
Bibliography
Table Of Contents
Help us expand the resources for this topic. Click below to submit new publication for review and accepted updates will be published to the site.
Submit a publication
Search for an ISBN number:
ISBN:
Or enter the publication information:
Author Name:
