No increase
Types of Tickets Available
Ticket prices are set for adults (10 years and older) and children ages 3 to 9. Children's tickets are generally $10 cheaper than adult tickets. Guests younger than 3 are free. There are no special discounts for senior citizens or disabled persons. California Adventure theme park admission prices are the same as Disneyland's, and there are several types of tickets to choose from:
Single-Day Theme Park: This is for a one-day trip to Disneyland, not including parking or admission to California Adventure.
One-Day Park Hopper: For about $25 more, you also receive admission into California Adventure.
Two-Day Park Hopper: For an additional $75, you will receive admission to both parks for use on two days. However, the ticket expires 13 days after its first use.
Southern California CityPass: For about $250, this ticket will allow you a three-day admission to both Disneyland theme park and California Adventure, as well as to several other Southern California attractions, such as Universal Studios Hollywood, Sea World and either the San Diego Zoo or San Diego Zoo Wild Animal Park. The ticket must be used within two weeks.
Bonus Park Hopper Tickets: Also available are three-, four- and five-day park hopper bonus tickets. These include a "Magic Morning" early admission at one of the theme parks (to be decided upon at time of purchase), but only when ordered in advance.
Annual Passports
There are four types of [Disneyland Annual Passes | Disneyland annual passes] available for those who frequent Disneyland:
Premium: The best deal for those who visit the park on a regular basis. Includes admission to Disneyland and California Adventure, as well as parking in the Mickey and Friends parking structure every day of the year, including weekends and holidays.
Deluxe: Good for admission to both parks on 315 pre-selected days. Parking is not included, but can be added.
Southern California Annual: This pass provides admission on 215 pre-determined days at either park.
Southern California Select: Use this pass on 170 pre-selected days at Disneyland or California Adventure.
Where to Buy Disneyland Tickets
If you are planning a trip to "The Happiest Place on Earth," there are several ways to purchase tickets, some of which will give you a break on the prices.
Directly at the gate: This will be your most expensive, yet convenient, way of getting into the park. Expect to pay full price, more if you are looking to attend both theme parks. Parking is not included.
In advance on the Disneyland website: You can get cheaper Disneyland ticket prices by purchasing tickets ahead of time at Disneyland.com . Special offers are available throughout the year on single tickets, as well as park hopper and annual passports.
Disneyland Welcome Center: Located at 2085 South Harbor Boulevard in Anaheim, the welcome center offers a small discount on single-day tickets. Call (714) 383-7052 for availability and prices.
ARES Travel: This travel agency books Disneyland vacations year-round. Check out the website for savings.
Costco: Online , you can purchase a Southern California CityPass for a substantial discount. If you go into one of the warehouse stores, you can purchase a "Play 4 Days" ticket package, which allows you admission for four days at either theme park. Park hopping is not allowed and black-out dates apply. There is a limit of eight tickets per Costco member per day, and a Southern California ID is required.
More Discounts Available on Ticket Prices
You may get the cheapest Disney tickets if you are:
You can always pay less.
Member of the California Teachers Association; check the union website for more information.
College student with valid ID; check with college's student union for tickets
Youth organization; groups of 10 or more children can receive discount tickets. Call (800) 232-7980 for information.
Military personnel can receive up to 30 percent off ticket prices, depending on time of year. Valid military ID is required.
Corporate or government agencies receive a substantial discount on large groups; contact your employer's human resources department for more information.
Disneyland ticket prices vary depending on when and where you purchase them. In today's economy, it is wise to shop ahead and take your time looking for the best deals. Take care of purchasing the tickets early so you can have a fun and stress-free trip.
Related Topics
