The company took several financial blows but managed to contain the damage.
May 11, 2011, Wednesday
Disney Hopes to Revive Park With a Fountain Display
By BROOKS BARNES
The World of Color is part of a $1 billion overhaul of Disney’s California Adventure theme park.
June 10, 2010, Thursday
Is Disney’s Iger Having a Cinderella Moment?
By BROOKS BARNES
Robert Iger has not turned out to be the stuffed suit that some feared at Disney. Instead, he is dragging his media conglomerate into a new era.
April 11, 2010, Sunday
Theme Park Developers Turn Their Attention to Asia, Where Business Is Growing
By SONIA KOLESNIKOV-JESSOP
The global downturn put some United States theme parks into bankruptcy and upended grand plans for new ones in the Middle East. But in Asia, a development boomlet is under way as operators race to open parks and add attractions to draw in the region's growing middle class.      A Universal Studios park is set to open early next year in Singapore at Resorts World at Sentosa, a sprawling development that includes a casino. Over the border in Malaysia, ground has just been broken on the first Lego...
December 26, 2009, Saturday
A New Wait-Time App For Disney Theme Parks
By ALLISON BUSACCA
Want to find Mickey Mouse for an autograph? Want to know the wait time for Space Mountain? Well, there's an app for that -- sort of.     Disney Parks has released a mobile app, Mobile Magic, which delivers real-time updates of wait times, where to find characters and GPS-enabled maps for both Disneyland and Walt Disney World. But the app,  $9.99 for a 180-day subscription,  works only on Verizon Wireless phones.
November 22, 2009, Sunday
Disney Plans ‘Interactive’ Updates in Theme Parks
By BROOKS BARNES and ANDREW J. MARTIN
Children will be able to help prepare for Aurora’s 16th birthday and help Cinderella get ready for the ball.
September 14, 2009, Monday
With Attendance Off, Disney Is Dealing
By MICHELLE HIGGINS
If you’ve put off your kids’ entreaties to take them on a Disney vacation because of an aversion to long lines and high prices, you may soon be running out of excuses.
February 22, 2009, Sunday
No Signs of a Slowdown in Traffic at Disney’s Parks
By BROOKS BARNES
Watched as an indicator of whether weakness is seeping deeper into the economy, Disney said that operating income in its parks and resorts unit rose 33 percent.
May 07, 2008, Wednesday
