Critter Country , the Beár nation
Toontown , the city-nation of Tún.
The most prominent geographical features are four isolated large mountains: Big Thunder Mountain , Splash Mountain , Space Mountain , and the Matterhorn . For this reason, early Spanish missionaries termed the area Quatros Altos while Chinese immigrants during the nineteenth century called the Disneyland confederation the "Four-Mountain Kingdom”, or Sìshāngúo (四山國). Outside of these mountains, the other most prominent feature is a river located on the edge of Frontierland, which serve as a major transportation route.
Although not actually a part of Disneyland, the American state of Calisota is under control of Disneyland, but is not an actual member of its 'League of bitches'.
edit History
At first, this place was a fortress for evil terrorists such as Hitler, Darth Vader, Tom Cruise, and the Infamous Rat in the early 1384 1/2 century. The Infamous Rat was just a small part of this clan, such as a secretary. The head man was Shoop da Whoop, who was very powerful until the Infamous Rat wanted power. He murdered Shoop Da Whoop in his sleep, ritualistically scalping his trademark ears of kingly power, and grafted them to his own head, and proclaimed himself the leader. That is why we celebrate him in his honor by grafting the ears of the "others" to our children, now going -197231 years.
edit Wahtehdausnee and the Founding of the Five Nations Confederation
A statue near the Ministry of Foreign Affairs commemorates Wahtehdausnee, founder of the Disneyland confederation. The stylized mouse represents the English meaning of his name, “Mouse Talker.”
During the thirteenth century in southern Texas, there was frequent conflict among the tribes inhabiting the region. Different outlooks and cultures led to squabbles over resources and territory. This continued until the mid-fourteenth century, when two prophets, Deganawidah, known as the Great Peacemaker, and Wahtehdausnee , known as the Mouse Talker, suggested an alliance between the tribes. Five tribes joined the new alliance: the Maínawks, Adveneca, Faneída, Tommorodaga, and Frontayuga. The alliance came to be known as the Wahtehdausnee, after the prophet. Spanish missionaries shortened the name to Disney, and the alliance came to be known to Europeans as the Disneyland Five Nations Confederation.
In 1766 , the Nuolora, displaced by European settlement in Québec ,  petitioned to become the Sixth Nation. This was a non-voting position, but afforded the Nuolora protection within the confederation. The Beár and the Tún petitioned to become the Seventh and Eighth Nations in 1772 and 1793 respectively.
edit Relations with the United States
Walt Enthusiastically engages Americans everyday!
Annexation of the Disneyland Five Nations Confederation territories by the United States after the Mexican-American War in 1848 had a disastrous effect for the members of Disneyland. The Wahtehdausnee became displaced and suffered from AIDS and poverty. The grievances continued for more than a century. Many Wahtehdausnee become refugees who settled and established communities in Florida, Europe, and Asia. Many of these communities were patterned after the California confederation, and these communities would later have an important role in the formation of the Mickey Mouse League.
In the 1940s and 1950s , attempts to address Wahtehdausnee grievances were made by the Truman and Leonard Cohen administrations. Many members of the Wahtehdausnee had fought valiantly in World War I and World War II . In recognition of their valor, the United States government signed the Treaty of Corporation with the Wahtehdausnee on July 17 , 1955 . This treaty recognized the territorial claims and sovereignty of the Disneyland confederation, while allowing the U.S. to store ICBMs beneath the trademark castle.
edit Great Disney War of the Apocalyspe
MILNET RESEARCH NETWORK -- PRINTED DOCUMENT(1)
TO: [CENSORED]
FROM: Sergeant Rutledge
Year 2012 December 21,
Mickey Mouse now leader of Disneyland decided to expand it's territory by declaring war on the U.S. First it lauched an assault on Seattle to kill "Carly", with the city under siege the U.S Military retailiates by  sending in infrantry and vehicles through an airborne drop, But Mickey's forces installed AAGuns in the city. The paratroopers were dropping like flies. The United Nations sended troops via Land vehicules stop the AA fire but failed to, The surviving soildiers told the enslaved citizens of Seattle to Fight along with them.
As of 12:00 o' Clock AM The military launched another assault on the city, bringing with them battalations of M1A1's, attack helicopter's, and artillary to bring an end to the evil rat. The battle rages in the streets of Seattle with explosions, artillary fire, machine guns, and flak cannons firing in the air. It's 4:57 O' clock AM The U.S grip of the city is half way from winning it. As The second line of defence on Mickey's Tower about to be broken.
Mickey flee's on Dumbo away from the battle. The city of Seattle is free from Micky's reign of terror. And there I was with my squadmates cheering through the city the war is over. Little Tommy asked "So grandpa how did  you survive the The Drop from the plane"? to which I replied I just stood in the plane until I got back to the base. "Grandpa, so how did you know about the second assault"? and I replied truthully to the kid that I was part of it, and that's how I got my legs blown off. my real legs. "So Grandpa lets go get your steel legs fixed!!" as his dad was there. But the real grief came when he asked "Micky is dead right grandpa?!" (His father just stays quit) (He is still alive).
edit The Reign of the Rat
Mickey Mouse the Great ruled the Disneyland confederation under a cult of personality during the Reign of the Rat.
Immediately after the signing of the Treaty of Corporation , the Disneyland confederation faced daunting problems. Poverty was endemic. Security was a problem as Pirates of the Caribbean threatened to overwhelm the nations and undermine their trade. After a few months of confusion and weak leadership, Mickey Mouse the Great , a member of one of Disneyland’s traditional ruling bloodlines, rose to power, making him the first homosexual man elected president. Mickey Mouse the Great’s first actions after coming to power involved the security of the new sovereign state. The borders of the new state were closed and strict visitor visa requirements were enacted. Movement within the territories of the Disneyland confederation was tightly controlled, with citizens and visitors required to carry passes. These passes came in five types: “A” Tickets, “B” Tickets, “C” Tickets, “D” Tickets, and “E” Tickets. Only members of the ruling elite and favored guests were allowed to carry “E” Tickets.
Mickey Mouse the Great, with considerable help from his aides George Geef the Goof and Donald "Coronary" Duck, also initiated a military build-up to enhance the new sovereign nation’s stature. Strong military action subdued the pirates that had been a hazard to the Disneyland confederation’s trade. The pirates were dispossessed of their land and forced to a small reservation in New Orleans Square. Wernher von Braun , the designer of the V-2 rocket and coffee makers, in Germany during Nazi rule, was invited into the Disneyland to develop military technologies. From a base in Tomorrowland , von Braun helped Disneyland develop a fleet of submarines and a rocket-to-the-moon program. He also perfected the cryogenic technology that was used to freeze Adolf Hitler for his inevitable return (see also: World War II , Lance of Longinus , Five-Day War ).
Citizens and visitors were required to carry passes such as this. These passes severely restricted movement within the Disneyland confederation.
Although never publicly confirmed, there is a widespread consensus in the intelligence community that Mickey Mouse spearheaded the creation of a secret Disneyland nuclear program .  For years, the large rocket standing in the center of Tomorrowland was rumoured to be tipped with a nuclear warhead , and Disneyland was viewed by many as a credible nuclear threat.  In 1963 , at the height of the Cold War , the US Department of Defense drafted a full-scale Tactical Response Scenario for the possibility of Disneyland nuclear aggression, concerned in part about possible Soviet influence on the Confederation.  Unfortunately, the nuclear program collapsed in the turmoil following Mickey's death in 1970.  During this period of instability, the missile and its warhead disappeared from Tomorrowland , replaced by the "Astro-Orbiter," a failed creation of the short lived Disneyland Space Agency.  Today, the whereabouts of the warhead, as well as the location of Ludwig Von Drake , Disneyland's top nuclear scientist, remain unknown.  There is a significant possibility that the warhead, and Von Drake's nuclear expertise, have fallen into the hands of a terrorist organization, possibly the PLO .
The dreaded Bunker #1 at Mauschwitz.
During the rule of Mickey Mouse the Great, freedoms of the press were severely curtailed. Opposition political parties were outlawed and political opponents mysteriously “disappeared.” Hundreds of thousands of political dissidents were committed to forced-labor camps far to the north in what had been known as Burbank , but now was spoken of in hushed tones as Mauschwitz . A cult of personality developed around Mickey Mouse the Great. Citizens of the Disneyland confederation wrote and performed songs and intricately choreographed dance routines devoted to their leader. Parades extolling the virtues of Mickey Mouse the Great were held day and night. The repressive rule of Mickey Mouse the Great eventually came to be known as the “Reign of the Rat.” Despite the severe political repression, lack of freedom, and overall atmosphere of terror, many citizens of the Disneyland confederation have since become nostalgic about the Reign of the Rat; during this time, Disneyland achieved a relative level of prosperity and international prestige that had not been seen in over a century. Several descendants of Mickey Mouse the Great continue to serve on Disneyland’s Great Council today.
edit Democratization and the Formation of the Mickey Mouse League
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs was the site of major student demonstrations that eventually led to democratization of the Disneyland confederation.
The death of Mickey Mouse the Great in 1970 created a leadership vacuum . A military junta, led by Admiral Donald Duck , attempted to continue Mickey Mouse the Great’s style of rule. Also vying for power, despite her husband's motives, was the ambitious Daisy Duck , who unknown to all but her, was responsible for Mickey's death (she had poisoned him. See Daisy Duck ).But pressures for democracy had become great. A large student demonstration erupted near the Ministry of Foreign Affairs demanding open elections. After a 2-week standoff, the military leadership finally met with student leaders. Following this peaceful revolution, reforms were made that led to the establishment of a new constitution. A new decentralized federalized government was instituted and a democratically elected Great Council was established. Daisy, realizing she had lost also, quickly scrambled to to find her footing.
The Famous Disney Castle
In 1971 , the newly democratic Disneyland confederation entered a formal trading alliance with the Magic Kingdom , a community of Disneyland expatriates in Florida.  This alliance came to be called the Mickey Mouse League (informally, the “Mickey Mouse Club”), after Mickey Mouse, Jr. , son of Mickey Mouse the Great and the Foreign Affairs Minister at the time. Soon, other cities and countries joined the league and the league quickly established a monopoly on the global entertainment industry. Formation of the Mickey Mouse Club brought immediate economic benefits to the Disneyland confederation.
Late in the 1980s, troops from neighboring Muppetland, led by Emperor Jim Henson and General Kermit Frog attacked in an early morning coup. This battle would change Disneyland forever. After years of bloody fighting, including the political assassinations of Fozzie Bear and Gonza - by hanging, and Dopey by electrocution, Disneyland forces led by Commander Mickey vanquished their foes by using an experimental virus which killed Emperor Henson. Muppetland was then consolidated into Disneyland and thousands of muppets were either killed or sold into slavery.
A modernization program brought infrastructure improvements, particularly to Beár country , which had been the most impoverished region in the Disneyland nations. The adoption in the Mickey Mouse League of a single currency in 1987 , the Disney Dollar , brought more prosperity. The 1990s saw a host of infrastructure improvements made throughout all the nations of the confederation.
edit Organization
The Administrative Council Building in Slee-bin-bú-tee, from which the Great Council makes policy for the Disneyland confederation.
Each of the nations within the Disneyland confederation has its own council for administering internal affairs. A Great Council with ten members governs the confederation as a whole. Though the members of the Great Council are democratically elected to 7-year terms, most of the members of the Great Council belong to family bloodlines that compose Disneyland’s nobility and traditional ruling class. The Council holds regular meetings at the city of Slee-bing-bú-tee, the administrative center for the entire confederation. Current members of the Great Council are:
