*Click on the logo below to view our EXCLUSIVE Cars Land Grand Opening Events Coverage from Disney's California Adventure*
Disneyland Park
Welcome to the place where imagination is the destination. For young and  old, big and small — it’s the happiest place on earth! Come build  memories with your family that last a lifetime as you discover the  wonder of this magical, fantastical world. When you enter one of the  Lands that comprise Disneyland Park, stories come to life around you,  immersing you in tales from some of your favorite Disney films…
The concept for Disneyland began when Walt Disney was visiting Griffith Park with his daughters Diane and Sharon. While watching them ride the merry-go-round,  he came up with the idea of a place where adults and their children  could go and have fun together. His dream lay dormant for many years.[3] Walt Disney also may have been influenced by his father’s memories of the World’s Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago (his father worked at the Exposition). The Midway Plaisance there included a set of attractions representing various countries from  around the world and others representing various periods of man; it  also included many rides including the first Ferris wheel, a “sky” ride, a passenger train that circled the perimeter, and a Wild West Show. Another likely influence was Benton Harbor, Michigan’s nationally famous House of David’s  Eden Springs Park. Walt Disney visited the park and ultimately bought  one of the older miniature trains originally used there; the colony had  the largest miniature railway setup in the world at the time.
While many people wrote letters to Walt Disney about visiting the Disney Studio,  he realized that a functional movie studio had little to offer to the  visiting fans. This began to foster ideas of building a site near his Burbank studios for tourists to visit. His ideas then evolved to a small play  park with a boat ride and other themed areas. Disney’s initial concept,  his “Mickey Mouse Park”, started with an 8-acre (3.2 ha) plot across  Riverside Drive. Disney started to visit other parks for inspiration and  ideas, including Tivoli Gardens, Greenfield Village, The Efteling, Tilburg, Playland, and Children’s Fairyland.  He started his designers working on concepts, but these would grow into  a project much larger than could be contained in 8 acres (3.2 ha).
Disney hired a consultant, Harrison Price from Stanford Research Institute,  to gauge the proper area to locate the theme park based on the area’s  potential growth. With the report from Price, Disney acquired 160 acres  (65 ha) of orange groves and walnut trees in Anaheim, southeast of Los  Angeles in neighboring Orange County.
Difficulties in obtaining funding prompted Disney to investigate new  methods of fundraising. He decided to use television, and created a show  named Disneyland which was broadcast on the then-fledgling ABC television network. In return, the network agreed to help finance the  new park. For the first five years of its operation, Disneyland was  owned by Disneyland, Inc., which was jointly owned by Walt Disney Productions, Walt Disney, Western Publishing and ABC. In 1960 Walt Disney Productions purchased ABC’s share (it had earlier  bought out Western Publishing and Walt Disney). In addition, many of the  shops on Main Street, U.S.A. were owned and operated by other companies  who rented space from Disney.
Construction began on July 16, 1954 and cost $17 million to complete. The park was opened one year and one day later.[8] U.S. Route 101 (later Interstate 5)  was under construction at the same time just to the north of the site;  in preparation for the traffic Disneyland was expected to bring, two  more lanes were added to the freeway before the park was finished.
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Name
