Tokyo DisneySEA Hotel miracosta  6 medals.
Two medals were released at each of 4  Disney Resort Line Stations.
Thank you
Kuniaki Hiraki  in Tokyo Japan
This is a total of 32 new Tokyo Disneyland Resort issues on June 17, 2011. We hope to add these coins to our guides soon. However, they are already listed at Kuniaki's English Language TDR Medals web site.
06/09/11 Thanks to Mike P. we have added three new Hong Kong Disneyland "pressed pennies" to the guides. You can view them in the 2011 HKDL pressed penny guide and on the Duffy the Bear pressed penny page .
06/08/11 Disney California Adventure's Brother Bear pressed quarter set now has 10th Anniversary backstamps and a new price, $1.25 each including the quarter to be pressed. (Same as most quarters at Walt Disney World.)
06/08/11 Chuck N. reported today that the ESPN pressed pennies at Downtown Disney, which were raised to $1.00 plus the cent to be pressed about a year ago, have returned to the original price of only 50 cents plus the penny to be pressed. If you have delayed pressing these coins due to price, now may be a good time to get while the gettin' is good. As many readers have commented, some pressed penny machine  have increased from 50 cents to $.75 or $1.00 this last year .
06/04/11 Our thanks to Kuniaki Hiraki for the following Tokyo Disneyland Resort pressed penny update and pictures! Do visit his excellent, newly updated English Language TDR Medals web site.
2011 June monthly medals were released on June 01, 2011
TDL Penny Arcade ----------- Mad Hatter
TDL Tomorrowland Terrace ---- Caterpillar
Thank you
Kuniaki Hiraki  in Tokyo Japan
06/02/11 New penny at the Lincoln exit on Main Street USA. The penny has very small, fine 3D engraving detail of Pluto, Goofy, Donald, Minnie and Mickey on the number 2011. See the coin, Disneyland pressed penny guide number DL0505 .
05/31/11 Fellow ParkPennies.com visitors currently have more than 250 auctions of Disney pressed pennies linked to ParkPenneis.com just from eBay and more are linked from ExonumiaAuctions.com. Several  are harder to find "collector" elongated coins from Disneyland USA.  Do check them out, never know when you'll spot that coin or deal you've been looking for. If you have coins for sale, here is how you can link your auctions of Disney elongated coins for free.
Long time readers know that ParkPennies.com and our sister site, PressedPennies.com , are web sites by hobbyists and for hobbyists with no charges for services, nothing for sale, and no commercial offerings. (Talk about a low budget! :-) But, we do have a sorta free* pressed penny ! And we welcome your mention of our humble web site to your friends. :-) Happy collecting, Boomer.
05/27/11 New Frontierland Set!!!! Nice images and great backstamps! Do check them out in our Disneyland Pressed Penny Guide . (#'s DL0502-504)
NOTE: Everyone, even if acting as an eBay seller :-), is of course welcome to link to  ParkPennies.com copyrighted content and properties... with a few restrictions. Per our terms of use , ParkPennies.com copyrighted content may not be sold or modified, use must include a ©ParkPennies.com credit, and it must be clear that ParkPennies.com is an independent, nonaffiliated reference site. (No one should confuse  our images as the actual coins for sale or ParkPennies.com as the seller.) Please refer to the generous, no cost, ParkPennies.com terms of  use for more information or contact us for permissions outside the terms of use.
05/26/11 The Treasures Gift Shop, Paradise Pier, Disney California Adventure pressed penny machine set now features Disney California Adventure 10th Anniversary backstamps! This set is the last pressed penny machine in DCA and the only penny set to date that features the 10th Anniversary reverses. (Same backstamp as the 10th Anniversary pressed dimes .) Although many collectors thought that this machine might become yet another dime press, Disneyland Resort decision makers have continued the penny press tradition.  DCA guests still have the choice to watch a nostalgic Disneyland penny souvenir being made before their eyes, now with a commemorative 10th Anniversary reverse, and still for only 51 cents!
05/20/11 New Tron machine at the Penny Arcade! Our thanks to Josh F. for being the first to report this new machine and even included a marquee picture via his Android Friday around 5:30pm. While at the park, Boomer did manage to jam the machine. Luckily, Cast Member Glen was in the Arcade and had the machine working again within a couple of minutes. The machine is pressing copper cents right on perfect in this collector's opinion. So, do stop in and press some for your collection or for a friend's collection.
Both The Disneyland Pressed Penny Guide and our single page penny press location guide (a good link to bookmark) have the new Tron pressed pennies added. Happy collecting, from Boomer and the folks at ParkPennies.com.
05/20/11 Our thanks to Mike P. for the latest HKDL  find! Three new HKDL Duffy themed pressed coins!    We hope to have scans soon. Happy collecting, Boomer.
05/14/11 The latest Tokyo Disneyland Resort pressed penny holders were added to our Tokyo Disneyland pressed penny books and holders page .
05/12/11 All ParkPennies.com Tokyo Disneyland Resort pressed penny guides as well as the Tokyo Disneyland Resort Coins of the Month page have been updated and are complete as of today. An addition of 27 more coins covering approximately the last month or so have been added. The guides also include five recent coins that, because of the devastating earthquake in Japan, were available for about two weeks and one coin from Tokyo DisneySea that was available for only three days. As readers may know, Disney VoluntEars has placed a special penny press back stage for Cast Members to help Red Cross fund relief efforts via the sale of Japan Earthquake & Pacific Tsunami Relief Fund pressed pennies. Rumors suggest that this machine might be made available for contributions by Disneyland guests or possibly the public. However, details are not certain yet. Please visit this page for future updates about the machine. And please contact us to share additional information / updates about this or any other pressed penny news.
05/11/11 Fellow ParkPennies.com visitors currently have around 200 auctions of Disney pressed pennies linked to ParkPenneis.com just from eBay and more are linked from ExonumiaAuctions.com. Some coins from Hong Kong Disneyland, Tokyo Disneyland... and several  harder to find elongated coins from Disneyland USA.  Do check them out, never know when you'll spot that coin or deal you've been looking for. If you have coins for sale, here is how you can link your auctions of Disney elongated coins for free.
Long time readers know that ParkPennies.com and our sister site, PressedPennies.com , are web sites by hobbyists and for hobbyists with no charges for services, nothing for sale, and no commercial offerings. (Talk about a low budget! :-) But, we do have a sorta free* pressed penny ! And we welcome your mention of our humble web site to your friends. :-) Happy collecting, Boomer.
05/10/11 We have added the DL0495 Buzz Lightyear pressed penny to the Disneyland guide,  the  DL0437 elongated coin with an updated Type III backstamp. This latest backstamp change brings matching backstamps to all three coins currently in this set. To hopefully avoid a total collector meltdown, we have a full page detailing the many Astro Blasters Toy Story  penny press changes .
05/09/11 Our thanks to Nancy W. for first reporting  a Tron machine was in the works to ParkPennies back on 4/22/11! It is onstage today as The DCA 10th Anniversary pressed dime set #10 ! Located at the Gone Hollywood  Gift Shop, Hollywood, Disney California Adventure. All guides and our single page penny press machine map have already been updated. Happy collecting!
05/04/11 The DCA 10th Anniversary pressed dime set #9 has arrived. Located at the Hollywood Tower Hotel Gift Shop, Hollywood, Disney California Adventure. All guides and our
single page penny press machine map
already   have been updated. Happy collecting!
05/03/11 We have updated the guides with the newest Cast Member elongated coin issues, the Japan Earthquake & Pacific Tsunami Relief Fund pressed pennies ! I must say,  that backstamp is a real stretch for a penny! :-)   But, as you can see in this picture , Disney did it. Currently, this set of coins is listed only in the Cast Member guide, as these coins are NOT currently accessible by regular Disneyland guests. However, as were the Haiti pressed nickels, these coins *might be*   available to non-Cast Members  in the future. If so, they may also earn  listing in a Disneyland Resort guide other than the Disneyland Cast Member elongated coin guide .
05/02/11 No scans yet, so this report currently has rumor status. However,  two trusted sources, Lou S. and Nancy W. have both heard tell of a Cast Member only issue, Japan Tsunami Relief set of Disneyland coins. Like the Haiti pressed nickel set some months ago, ParkPennies.com believes these coins may be pressed by the same machine, probably with a Japan specific backstamp and maybe on cents. If correct, these coins would currently be backstage and not be accessible by Disneyland guests at this time. Hopefully, the machine may be moved to a public location in the future as was the Haiti nickel press.  Stay tuned for updates.
05/01/11 Kuniaki reports today from Tokyo Japan that the May 2011 coins of the month have arrived. For more information, please visit our Tokyo Disneyland pressed penny news page or Kuniaki's  excellent, newly updated English Language TDR Medals web site.
04/28/11 The DCA 10th Anniversary pressed dime set #8 has arrived. Located at the Fly N Buy Gift Shop, Condor Flats, Disney California Adventure. All guides and our single page penny press machine map already   have been updated. Happy collecting!
04/22/11 LOTS of updates,   new pressed coins at both Disneyland and at Disney California Adventure recently! Our thanks for recent reports by Ronald W. , Kristina, Nancy W., and  more than one unknown anony-mouse contributor. All guides are updated, but, for an overview of all the new elongated coins, here is a link to our Disneyland pressed penny machine maps or the single page penny press map in PDF format. Visit the Disneyland pressed penny guides for pictures of the new princess set, and the Disney California Adventure pressed penny guide for pictures of the latest DCA 10th Anniversary pressed dimes. Nancy W. reported today that there is a rumor of a planned Tron set  for DCA! Looks like a busy month for Disney pressed penny collectors! Stay tuned for updates and happy collecting.
04/19/11 It's a good day to surf fellow visitor's auctions. There are currently more than 130 eBay auctions linked to ParkPennies.com and 16 auctions linked from the good folks at ExonumiaAuctions.com. Several retired coins are up, even a DL0330 and DL0331. Just click the "Visitor Auctions" icon at the top of this page... Enjoy and happy collecting!
04/15/11 20 new Tokyo Disneyland coins were reported by Kuniaki.
04/15/11 Yep! Set #6 of DCA 10th Anniversary dimes were placed onstage today at the Greetings From California Gift Shop! Several collectors had been circling the machine's vacant space waiting for its return.
04/15/11 The Disneyland Pressed Penny Machine Location and Checklist page (PDF) and (Excel) and (HTML) have been updated and upgraded. One page with all machines in The Disneyland Resort area including "Disney Themed" machines near the park. This easy to print list has brief descriptions, locations, and guide numbers. Newer machines are highlighted e.g. the latest DCA dime locations. And you can download it for free before you go to the park.... FREE! :-) Please don't be shy about sharing a link to ParkPennies.com and (y)our penny press machine locations and checklists . Enjoy and Happy collecting.
04/12/11 Deep in the dank and dusty basement of a  Cayucos California antique shop, warmed only by the auras  of keepsakes once held by collectors long passed, the eerie silence  is broken by the  chime of an arriving text message.  An anony-mouse collector's  cryptic comment claims: "NEW   SET @ penny arcade!". Boomer carefully closes the  cabinet doors preserving a precious cache of Disneyana collectibles in the seldom searched corner of the barely explored cellar and makes a beeline for DISNEYLAND!
Thanks to lite traffic, high traction tires, and paddle shifters, Boomer arrived at the park before closing in time to press, scan, and catalog this new set of lands pressed pennies for ParkPennies.com fellow collectors. Enjoy and happy collecting!
04/07/11 Set FIVE Disney California Adventure 10th Anniversary pressed dimes is now on stage! Donald, Pluto and Daisy pressed dimes are waiting at the Greetings From California Gift Shop! And... ParkPennies.com machine location guides include all these new machines!
04/06/11 Several new auctions have been linked to ParkPennies.com. If you'd like to view them, click the " Visitor Auctions " icon at the top of this page. You can click to  both eBay and exonumiaauctions.com from there. Happy collecting, Boomer
04/05/11 There are now four sets of Disney California Adventure 10th Anniversary pressed dimes waiting to be pressed at the park! Also... a 5th machine has been reported missing by many ParkPennies.com readers. Could be it will return with #5 set later this week at Greetings From California? Well, at least that's what we're hoping... Do bookmark this page for updates.  Happy collecting, Boomer.
04/01/11 Don B. via Nancy W. , two very active fellow members of TEC , reported a new 10th Anniversary dime machine at DCA! Our thanks to Don and Nancy. Scans should be up shortly at our DCA 10th Anniversary pressed dimes set page . This is set #4... maybe we'll see yet another set next week?
03/28/11 Our penny press location pages have been updated to include the latest DCA dime sets. There is a one page and a four page version currently and they are a great help in locating the machines / pressed pennies you want while you're at the park. I must admit that ParkePennies.com machine location guides are not nearly as pretty as the maps available at City Hall. But, we are a bit smaller operation here and can update the maps much faster. :-)
Do you collect Hong Kong Disneyland pressed pennies...or would you like to see them? We've just added the first 2011 entries to our The Hong Kong Disneyland pressed penny guides or view all HKDL "magical coins" since the park opened in 2005 .
03/27/11 C. Neal and Cathy reported to ParkPennies.com today that the CA0028-30 (Oldest machine) at the Greetings From California Gift Shop is missing. Speculation is that this machine may return with backstamps or maybe the next set of 10th Anniversary pressed dimes? Our thanks to Cathy and C. Neal for sharing their reports.
03/24/11 Disney California Adventure 10th Anniversary dime set number 3 was just placed onstage!
03/21/11 Our thanks to Ricky who just emailed / texted us to report that the penny machine was missing from the Off The Page Gift Shop in DCA. Could be a third set of 10th Anniversary Dimes are on the way?
03/18/11 Disney California Adventure 10th Anniversary dime set number 2 was just placed onstage!
03/12/11 We have received some good news from  fellow collectors in Japan. So far all have said they and their families are safe, structures have had only minor damages. Transportation and power are issues. Kuniaki mentioned that: Tokyo Disneyland Resort will be closed until March 21.  The ground rises or sinks in many places as a result of liquefaction around the Disneyland Resort and the neighborhood transportation station. TDR parking is in a particularly terrible state. Our thoughts and prayers are with all that have suffered from this terrible series of earthquakes.
03/07/11 NEW backstamps for Disney's California Adventure 10th Anniversary! See this new dime variation set and the new backstamp in the DCA 10th Anniversary Pressed Dimes Guide .
03/06/11 Edited 03/10/11 As long time readers will remember, our Tokyo Disneyland news page is updated as news  is received. Our Tokyo Disneyland Resort Pressed Penny Medal Guide Images are updated after we receive coins from Japan to scan. (Which as you can imagine, has become an increasingly costly and time consuming endeavor. However, we  believe Kuniaki's web site and hard work deserve our recommendation rather than our duplication of the prized images he  has  generously offered us.) Currently pending guide coin images include TDL Plaza Restaurant's Lightning McQueen, Bolt, Roz, Boo, TDL Pan Galactic Pizza Port's  Wall E, Eve, Peas in a Pod, Jessie and five Ambassador Hotel 10th Anniversary coins which should be added this month along with the March 2011 Coins of the Month etc.
If you are an anxious collector, as we are, Kuniaki Hiraki web site in Tokyo Japan offers new coin images, often the same day they arrive onstage. We greatly appreciate your comments, corrections, additions. We often  reply directly when appropriate, if your email includes a reply address.  Please feel free to contact us anytime .
03/02/11 Link to unaffiliated auction of bargain WDW quarter sets  has been removed. Sets sold quickly.
03/01/11 Somehow Boomer did it. ParkPennies.com is now full 4GH (Fourth-Generation Hosting) with far more bandwidth and capacity than before.  Our last server worked well for more than 7 years. But, the growing popularity of the internet and the hobby may have caused some page loads to slow or stop at busy times. So, yet another upgrade was necessary. If you've been counting... This is our fifth upgrade in web sites / servers since our original tiny 5 megabyte site way back the late 1990s.  A comparison of ParkPennies.com web site hits, a common measure of  use, not visitors, from 2004-2008 vs. late 2008 illustrates how fast the hobby of collecting Disney elongated coins has grown here and the reason for the upgrades.  We believe this new 4GH server system will keep everything running smoothly for a long, long time to come. However, as always, please let us know if you notice any problems, typos, etc.
02/25/11 Some visitors  here at www.ParkPennies.com may have noticed a "busy server can't connect" error message from time to time. After talking with our service provider,  it seems we need to  upgrade our server capacity. While Boomer is fiddling with this project, we'd greatly appreciate your help.  If you have experienced any slow or stalled page loads please let us know when etc .
02/22/11 You know most all of us have spent a lot of time looking at penny press machines! However, I never noticed that some penny press machines have "Hidden Mickeys"! Our good friends at FindingMickey.com have spotted some! Here is a link to their fun web site where you can see some Penny Press Machine Hidden Mickeys !
02/21/11 If you missed the Seasonal Pressed Nickels at the Disneyland Resort , there are still a few for sale on eBay... here is a link to auctions by fellow  readers . Rumors are building... could be a few new coins at the park, maybe even this month... stay tuned and Happy Collecting.
02/17/11 The Engine-Ears Toys Shop pressed penny set has returned... with backstamps! Check them out in the DCA pressed penny guide #CA0071-73.
02/11/11 Don B. Just shared breaking news of an upcoming Disney Soda Fountain & Studio Store penny book... with a limited edition elongated cent in the cover! Release of this Penny Collector Penny Book is currently anticipated in about 90 days, pricing and other details to follow. However, to hold us over until the real thing is available, Don has offered these images:
Artist rendering of the latest
Disney Themed Pressed Penny Collecting Book
When issued, the elongated coin held in the cover of this penny book will be listed with
be added to the ParkPennies.com guide to Disney pressed Penny Collecting Books
Penny books with elongated coins in the cover are exclusively from the good folks at The Penny Men at PennyCollector.com.
Do check out The Penny Men's wonderful pressed penny web site !
02/02/2011 Our thanks to Kuniaki Hiraki for this timely Tokyo Disneyland Resort update:
Many medals were released on February 01, 2011
Monthly medals
