All-suite Anaheim hotel, free hot breakfast
Disneyland® Resort Overview
The Disneyland ® Resort is one of the most popular family vacation destinations in the world.  Since Disney land ® Park opened in Anaheim, California in 1955, it has grown to encompass two full theme parks, three signature Disney hotels, and the Downtown Disney ® shopping and restaurant district.  Guests visiting the Disneyland ® Resort can expect a magical experience from the moment they arrive to the time they depart.
Disney land® Park is the original theme park of the Disney Resort.  It is made up of eight distinct lands, each sure to spark the imagination of all who visit.
Disney California AdventureTM Park is home to four themed lands, each a tribute to the great state of Disney land ® Park’s home, California.  This theme park has been a favorite for tots and teens with a wide variety of attractions and thrill rides for all ages.
The best way to experience the Disneyland ® Resort is to purchase a 3-Day or longer Disneyland ® Resort Park Hopper® Bonus Ticket.  Each park has its own entrance and requires a separate ticket if you do not have a Park Hopper® Ticket.  At Get Away Today, when you purchase your  3-Day or longer discount Disneyland® Resort Park Hopper® Bonus Ticket in advance, you save big over gate prices, plus can take advantage of seasonal specials on Disneyland® tickets. The longer you stay, the greater the discount on your Disney tickets.  For example, there is only a $15 upgrade between the 3 and 4 Day Disneyland ® Resort Park Hopper® Tickets, which is a great savings over gate prices for individual day admissions.  All shows, rides and attractions are included in your admission.  Some arcade and boardwalk style games are available for an additional charge.
The three Hotels of the Disneyland® Resort—Disney’s Paradise Pier® Hotel, the Disneyland® Hotel and Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel® & Spa are all within walking distance of the theme parks and Downtown Disney® District, making this an incredibly pedestrian friendly destination! Disneyland ® Resort Park Hopper® Tickets can be packaged with any of these hotels for the most Disney savings.
Disneyland Tickets
The Disneyland  ® Resort has two separate theme parks; Disney land Park and Disney California Adventure Park.  Each Disney park has its own entrance and requires a separate Disney ticket if you do not have a Disney Park Hopper® Ticket.
The best way to experience the Disneyland  ® Resort and get a Disney discount is to purchase Disneyland ® Resort Park Hopper® Tickets.  Disney Park Hopper tickets allow you admission to both Disney theme parks on the same day.  This way you can "hop" between parks as many times as you'd like.  Perhaps you want to visit Fantasyland inside Disney land Park in the morning, then head over to Disney California Adventure Park for lunch and Disney's Aladdin - A Musical Spectacular.  You can do that and then head back into Disneyland that night for a fireworks show - all with one Disneyland ticket!
Disneyland tickets can be purchased for as many or as few days as you wish, but to see and do it all, we recommend at least a 3-Day Disney ticket, longer if you're visiting during peak season travel times.  At Get Away Today, when you purchase your 3-Day or longer Disneyland ® Resort Park Hopper ® Bonus Ticket in advance, you save big over gate prices, can take advantage of seasonal specials on Disneyland tickets to save even more, AND get one Magic Morning early entry to Disney land!
The longer you stay and play at Disney land, the greater the discount on your Disneyland  tickets. For example, you can upgrade your 3 Day Disneyland ticket to a 4 Day Disneyland ticket for only $20 more!  That is a great savings over gate prices for individual day admissions.
Get Away Today offers the best Disney deals including the lowest prices on Disneyland tickets!  Our Disney packages include Disney hotels and Disneyland tickets so you get the best price on your Disney vacation package- guaranteed!
Disneyland ® Park
Disneyland ® Park is the original Disney park that started it all.  Since 1955 it's been bringing families and friends together in a magical place. Disneyland ® Park offers eight unique lands designed to spark the imagination of all who visit.
Adventureland
Explore the unexplored in this land of far away jungles.  The Indiana Jones Adventure, the Jungle Cruise and Enchanted Tiki Room are musts for the adventurous at heart.
Critter Country
Visit your favoirte woodland creatures, including Brer Rabbit and pals on Splash Mountain and Winnie the Pooh and gang in The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
Fantasyland
Fairytales like Alice in Wonderland, Peter Pan, Snow White, and Sleeping Beauty come to life in these popular attractions.
Frontierland
The Wild West is kickin’ and celebrating America’s pioneering spirit with attractions like Big Thunder Mountain.
Mainstreet U.S.A
Upon entering the front gates of Disneyland ®, you're greeted with charming old time shoppes, carriages, and train rides at this nostalgic street where parades and events take place.
Mickey’s Toontown
Meet Mickey and Minnie, then play on Gadget’s Go-Coaster, Roger Rabbit’s Car Toon Spin, and wacky cartoon props.
New Orleans Square
This quaint block houses two classic and popular attractions—Pirates of the Caribbean and the Haunted Mansion.
Tomorrowland
Voyage into tomorrow in this futuristic zone with attractions like  Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters, and StarTours.
In addition to attractions in these eight enthralling lands, Disneyland® Park offers some of the most incredible parades and fireworks shows.  Mickey's Soundsational Parades brings Disney characters together in a huge celebration of music and dance.  Using water, lasers, fiber optics, and pyrotechnics, Fantasmic is a night show like no other where imagination conquers all.  Perhaps the most magical show of all is "Remember...Dreams Come True" Fireworks Spectacular.  Set against Sleeping Beauty's Castle with incredible special effects, inspiring music, and breathtaking fireworks, this display is one of Disney’s best.
Disney California AdventureTM Park
Disney California AdventureTM Park, became Disneyland ® Park’s  neighbor when it opened in 2001.   This addition to the original Disneyland ® California transitioned Disneyland ® Park to the Disneyland ® Resort.  Its four themed lands pay tribute to its namesake, the great state of California.
"a bugs land"
Oversized plants, popsicle sticks, and water spouts make you look at the world from a whole new perspective—a bug’s!  This land is based on the Disney-Pixar film, A Bug’s Life.  Attractions like Flik’s Flyers, Francis' Ladybug Boogie, Heimlich’s Chew Chew Train, and Dot’s Puddle Park are perfect for small tykes.  It’s Tough to Be a Bug is a popular 4-D show for bigger “bugs.”
The Golden State
Like California, Disney’s version is vast and varied.  Soarin’ Over California is one of the most visited attractions in the Park where guests hang glide over the state.  Grizzly River Run is modeled after Yosemite and Redwood National Parks.  As a warning, you WILL get wet on this ride!  Replicas of landmarks throughout the state can be found in this popular area.
Hollywood Pictures Backlot
Old time Hollywood glitz and glamour are in full swing at Hollywood Pictures Backlot.  Visit the Animation Station where you’ll learn how classic Disney films came to be, catch a Broadway caliber Disney musical at the Hyperion Theatre, or “drop by” the Twilight Zone Tower of TerrorTM.  “Playhouse Disney-Live on Stage” is a popular interactive live action “play” where tots get to sing, dance, and play along.
Paradise Pier
Based after the famous boardwalks of Santa Monica and Santa Cruz, Paradise Pier provides hours of coastal fun!  California Screamin’ will get your adrenaline pumping and the new ultra-interactive Toy Story Mania! ride will have your competitive spirit going full force.  It's also home to the new World of Color!
The Twilight Zone® is a registered trademark of CBS, Inc., and is used with permission pursuant to a license from CBS, Inc.
Resort Entertainment
The Disneyland® Resort offers endless entertainment options in Disneyland® Park, Disney California Adventure Park, and the Downtown Disney® District.
In addition to attractions eight enthralling lands, Disneyland ® Park offers some of the most incredible parades and fireworks shows.  Their Celebrate! A Street Party brings Disney characters together in a fanciful celebration of music and dance.  Using water, lasers, fiber optics, and pyrotechnics Fantasmic is a night show like no other that pits good against evil where imagination conquers all.  Perhaps the most magical show of all is "Magical" Fireworks Spectacular*.  Set against Sleeping Beauty's Castle with incredible special effects, inspiring music, and breathtaking fireworks, this display is truly one of Disney's best.
Disney California Adventure Park also provides high energy entertainment.  The new Pixar Play Parade brings stars from "Finding Nemo," "Toy Story," "Cars," "Monsters, Inc." and more to life in this interactive, super exciting parade that winds itself through the park.  High School Musical 3: Senior Year—Right Here, Right Now! is a traveling music and dance spectacular that will bring out your "Wildcat Fever."  End your night with the brand new World of Color light and water spectacular.
The Downtown Disney ® District is hopping with all kinds of nightlife.  Musicians regularly perform on the "streets" of Downtown Disney ®, the House of Blues® Stage hosts numerous artists, and many restaurants provide live entertaintment for diners.  The hottest movies are always playing at the AMC Theatres®.  Our Disneyland packages come with exclusive coupons that can be used for a Disney discount at select shops in Downtown Disney®
*"Magical" is a seasonal fireworks display.  "Believe in Holiday Magic" is Disneyland Park's holiday time fireworks display and "Halloween Screams" is exclusive to Mickey's Halloween Party in October.  Disney fireworks displays are subject to change at any time.
Disneyland ® Resort Hotels
For the ultimate Disney experience, we highly recommend staying at one of the three Hotels of the Disneyland ® Resort.  When staying here everything you could imagine is in such close proximity that you don’t ever need to leave the resort!  All that Disney has to offer can be accessed by walking or taking the Monorail.  Here is a summary of what to expect at each of the Disney hotels to help you decide which is the perfect fit for your completely magical Disneyland ® Resort vacation!
Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel ® & Spa
Nestled in the middle of the Disneyland ® Resort, you'll find Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel ® & Spa.  This luxurious California Craftsman style hotel features amazing accommodations, fantastic restaurants, and a truly relaxing environment.  It is the only four star hotel in Anaheim, and the only of the Disneyland ® Resort Hotels located inside a theme park, boasting its own private entrance to Disney California Adventure Park.
Disneyland ® Hotel
The Disneyland ® Hotel is classic Disney at its most magical.  The Never Land Pool is a hot hang out spot for guests year round.  Disney décor surrounds you in this enchanting hotel complete with Mickey Mouse amenities and Pixie dust which magically appears in guest rooms when the lights are turned off before bed.
Disney’s Paradise Pier® Hotel
A Southern California beach theme makes Disney’s Paradise Pier® Hotel a sun lover’s paradise.  Their boardwalk themed pool is a popular hang out for guests to soak up some sun.  Guests staying here can cross the street and use Disney’s Grand Californian Hotel ® & Spa’s private entrance to Disney California Adventure Park.  Of the three Disney hotels on site, this hotel offers the most spacious guestrooms (many with two queen beds and a pull out sofa bed) and the lowest prices, making it a true value for family Disney packages and one of the best Disney deals.
Disney Hotels Continued
Each of the family friendly Hotels of the Disneyland ® Resort also provide these amenities to make your stay that much more magical:
Pack-n-Plays in every room
Special fun area for kids to watch Disney films during check-in
Life vests available at the swimming pool
Waterslides and wading pools in swimming areas
Bedtime stories told by by their favorite characters on the hotel’s TV
Character Dining inside the hotel
Award winning cuisine
And much, much more!
The Disney hotels are the most magical place for your family vacation.  Our discount Disney packages include Disney tickets, your choice of the Disney hotels, our exclusive Disney discounts, deals, and much more!
The Downtown Disney District
The Downtown Disney ® District is a dining, shopping, and entertainment district situated between the main entrances of Disneyland ® Park and Disney’s California Adventure® Park.  This popular shopping and dining scene offers visitors nearly 40 unique shops and restaurants, a movie theatre, and a Monorail station that will take you directly into Tomorrowland inside Disneyland ® Park.  Check your Get Away Today coupons for extra Disney discounts and deals.  Here is just a sampling of what you’ll find at the Downtown Disney ® District:
Popular Restaurants
Tortilla Jo’s- Fresh Mex is at your fingertips at this bustling restaurant complete with a mariachi band!
ESPN Zone®- This American grill is a sports lover’s dream where you can catch a game, play games, and grab a bite to eat.
House of Blues®- Catch a great meal and an even better show.  Live concerts are performed regularly and their Sunday Gospel Brunch is an oftentimes sold out event.
Rainforest Café®- Offering tropical treats and hearty meals, this is a dining adventure your whole family is sure to remember.
Ralph Brennan’s Jazz Kitchen®- Classic New Orleans cuisine is served at this all out party restaurant, which offers a banana foster dessert to die for!
Popular Shops
World of Disney- Its name says it all…anything and everything here is Disney, Disney, Disney!
Build-A-Bear Workshop®- This unique shop allows guest to create their own stuffed animal with personalized items.
Disney’s Vault 28- This boutique offers distinct, fashionable Disney pieces you won’t find anywhere else.
LEGO Imagination Center®- LEGO toys and kits and plenty of photo ops delight all who visit!
Marceline’s Confectionery- If you missed the candied apples, fudge, or other sweets on Disney’s Mainstreet, you can purchase the tasty treats at this charming shop.
Garden Walk
The Garden Walk, Anaheim’s newest shopping, dining, and entertainment district, is the place for fashion, food and fun!  If you’re visiting the Disneyland ® Resort, schedule some time at the Garden Walk.  From fine dining to casual eateries and high-end shopping to amazing deals, the Garden Walk has it all.
Dining
Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. - Walk into the movie Forrest Gump at this seafood fest!
California Pizza Kitchen – Come for creative pizza concoctions, like BBQ Chicken, BLT, Thai Chicken, and more!
P.F. Chang's China Bistro- Offering gourmet Chinese food, this popular chain is not your typical take-out.
The Cheesecake Factory- If you haven’t had a piece of their cheesecake, you haven’t lived.
Shopping
Health and Beauty- Fresh Produce, Lush Cosmetics, and The Body Shop all offer fun and fragrant indulgences.
Jewelry and Accessories- Georgiou, Kay Jewelers, Madison & Co, Momotree, Rami Accessories, Sunglass Hut and more will have you looking like a million bucks!
Men’s Apparel- Goodies USA, Harley-Davidson of Anaheim, Hollister, O’Neill, Tommy Bahama and more offer the best looks of the year!
Women’s Apparel- Shop some of the hottest fashions at Ann Taylor Loft, Chicos, G stage, Red Apparel, Retrospect, Runway 5, Whitehouse | Blackmarket, and more!
Entertainment
Lux Aveda Salon/Spa – Unwind with a relaxing facial, massage or body treatment the spa’s own botanical products.
300 Anaheim Bowling- This strikingly different bowling alley provides endless entertainment with 41 state-of-the-art lanes.
The Movie Experience 14- This state of the art movie theatre boats 14 theatres, including IMAX screens!
Area Beaches
One of the many reasons people flock to Southern California (and Orange County in particular) is the amazing beaches.  There are many beaches near the Disneyland ® Resort that make a great addition to any Southern California vacation. Here are descriptions of some of the most popular beaches in Orange County and their distances from Disneyland ®.
Huntington Beach
This family friendly beachfront is just a 25 minute drive from the Disneyland® Resort and offers food and rental concessions, restrooms, outside cold showers, volleyball, and fire rings.  It is a popular place for surfing and surfer watching.  Lifeguard service is provided during all daylight hours 365 days a year.
Newport Beach
Made even more popular by the TV show, the OC, this beach is what many picture when they think of a Southern California beach.  Just 25 minutes by car from Disneyland®, this beach offers fun shopping, restaurants and a pier.
Laguna Beach
Most popular for its dramatic cliffs and incredible scenery, this beach is just 30 minutes from the Disneyland® Resort.  Gourmet dining, boutique shopping, art galleries, and more bring scores of beach goers.  The tide pools are also a draw for families looking for an ocean experience.  Get Away Today even offers discount rates at the exclusive Surf & Sand Resort for those wanting an all beach Southern California vacation.
A day at the beach makes any vacation even better.  Now you don't have to choose which beach you visit on your vacation to the Disneyland ® Resort with our new OC Beach Tour.  The OC Beach Tour is a 62 mile scenic journey along the Southern California coast that allows you on-and-off stops at the best beaches so your beach day is full of fun-in-the-sun!
World of Color now at Disneyland Resort
