Instructions
1
Choose your vacation time wisely. If possible, go in September or early May when the park is at its least crowded. Even during peak season, the middle days of the week tend to be less crowded than weekends.
2
Know the layout of the park. Study your map ahead of time and know which rides you want to ride first. Also, check the parade and show times, so you can avoid the parade routes during those times.
3
Hit the busiest attractions first. The Flying Dumbo's and Peter Pan's Flight are two rides that have slow-moving lines but are favorites with kids. Head for the Dumbo's when the park opens.
4
Get there early. Be at the park before rope drop, so you can be one of the first in the park. Lines are shorter early in the morning.
5
Start in one "Land" and work your way around the park to each land. Finish the rides in one land before traveling to the next. You will get on more rides in less time. Note which direction the crowd is moving when you enter and start in the opposite direction.
6
Go to the biggest ride in each land first (look for the FastPass symbol) next to each ride. If the line is long, get a FastPass, and go to every other ride in that land that you can. For example, get your pass at Space Mountain. You have an hour before your ride, so go on the Autopia Cars, check out the Innoventions, and return at the allotted time for Space Mountain.
7
Use the Disneyland Railroad whenever possible.  There is a stop at Tomorrowland that will take you to Toon Town; and another stop at Adventureland to take you back. If the park is crowded, this is the fastest way to get to a faraway land. The train will stop every 10 to 15 minutes at each stop and stops at every land in the park.
8
Use parade times for maximum "Big Ride Time." Almost everyone else in the park is watching the parade, so lines at the most popular attractions will be short.
9
Eat at off times, so you can ride when many people are eating.
Tips & Warnings
If you are a first-timer to Disneyland, be sure to plan a 3- to 5-day trip. Pre-Trip: Study your map, all rides, food venues, souvenir shops, character shows and parades (see current schedule on their website) that you want to see, plan your days accordingly.
Avoid long food lines. You'll have more time for rides if you eat at a quick-service establishment rather than taking the time to sit down and dine.
Related Searches:
