LAtourist.com
Disneyland Transportation
There are various methods you can use to get to Disneyland. The most obvious is to drive there using a car, but there are other ways to get there. The easiest method is to stay in a nearby hotel and use the ART. The advantage is that you will avoid a long trip to get to the park, so you can spend more time inside. Even many locals choose to stay in a hotel.
Anaheim Resort Transit
Anaheim Resort Transit System (ART). This shuttle provides transportation from most hotels near Disneyland to area attractions including Disneyland, Downtown Disney, California Adventure the Convention Center, Anaheim Gardenwalk, the Crystal Cathedral. If you need/want to go shopping, The Block at Orange (shopping mall) and Target department store are on the ART routes. The fare for an all-day pass is $4 per adult, and $1 for children aged 3-10. The ART shuttle also provides transportation to top restaurants in the area, such as Ruth Cris Steak House, Bubba Gump Shrimp Factory and Lucilles BBQ Smoke House. Note: Shuttle drivers do not sell passes. You can buy them at hotels and kiosks in the area.
The Disneyland Resort Express - Southern California Gray Line bus service between Disneyland (and Anaheim area hotels), and Los Angeles International (LAX) or Orange County/John Wayne Airport (SNA). Operates every day. Buses depart hourly or on the half hour, depending on the time of day. (Southern California Gray Line is a private transportation company and is not related to Metro public buses or trains).
Disneyland Resort Express - check prices and buy tickets online:
Anaheim Resort Hotels to/from John Wayne Airport
Driving to Disneyland - If you drive to Disneyland, use the driving directions on Disneyland's website. There's a separate page with parking information . Parking is pretty easy in the main structure. But if it's a busy day you might need to park in an overflow lot, which is farther and involves more walking. Parking fees start at $15 per vehicle per day.
Metro (Public Transportation) - You can get to Disneyland from anywhere in Los Angeles using public transportation. At the MTA home page, use the Trip Planner to find routes and schedules. Enter your starting point in the "From" box, and in the "To" box, simply type in "Disneyland"
Shuttle Services - There are a few shuttle services that can take you to Disneyland. This might be a good option for a group of people who don't want to deal with public transportation.
SuperShuttle shared-ride van service - This is a traditional van that will transport you along with others (Reservation to the airport must be made at least 24 hours prior to the flight departure time.)
SuperShuttle van to or from Disneyland - check prices and buy tickets online:
