In a recent poll by Disneyland Vacations Guide , we surveyed individuals to find out the top reasons why they choose to make Disneyland their vacation destination of choice.  We have complied their answers and here are the top ten reasons.
10.  The Electrical Light Parade
9.  Visit Sleeping Beauty’s castle
8.  Fantasmic
7.  You can do theme parks one day and the beach the next day
6.  The weather in Southern California is unbeatable
5.  To have access to two theme parks in a two minute walking distance from each other
4.  It is affordable for small and large families
3.  It is a place everyone in the family can enjoy, even the small children
2.  To visit their childrens favorite Disney characters and see where they actually live
1.  It is a magical place where you can forget about real life
The Disneyland Resort has something for everyone.  No matter what the reason for your family to vacation at Disneyland, you will find it to be a very magical place where you family can bond and see their dreams come true.
Filed Under California Adventure , Disneyland Vacations | Leave a Comment
If you are planning your next Disneyland Vacation, then you need to make sure to visit Disney’s California Adventure Park.  California Adventure is part of the Disneyland Resort in Southern California and was designed to compliment Disneyland and give individuals coming to Disneyland For Their Vacations another option to experience the magic.
Disney’s California Adventure Park opened in February 2001.  Along with this new theme park, Disney opened the Grand Californian Hotel and Downtown Disney as part of the major expansion.  In a recent poll conducted by Disneyland Vacations Guide , 99.9% of the individuals and families visiting the Disneyland Resort feel that the expansion was necessary and a good move for Disney.
Disney’s California Adventure Park is home to the following areas.  The Sunshine Plaza, Paradise Pier, Golden State, Condor Flats, Grizzly Peak Recreation Area, The Bay Area, The Golden Vine Winery, and the Pacific Warf.
California Adventures biggest attractions are as follows, The Hollywood Tower of Terror, California Screamin’, Grizzly River Run, and Soarin’ Over California.  The kids will enjoy a Bug’s Land and the show It’s Tough To Be a Bug.  They will also enjoy the Sun Wheel and the brand new Toy Story Mania! attraction.
Filed Under California Adventure , Disneyland Vacations | 4 Comments
Disneyland offers a variety of tickets depending on the length of your stay or the needs of your family.  No matter what, you will find a ticket package that fits your schedule each time you plan one of your Annual Disneyland Vacations .
Through the Disneyland Vacation resort website, the following ticket packages are offered.
7-Day Park Hopper (Entry Into Both Disneyland Parks) Ticket
6- Day Park Hopper Ticket
5- Day Park Hopper Ticket
4- Day Park Hopper Ticket
3- Day Park Hopper Ticket
2- Day Park Hopper Ticket
1- Day Park Hopper Ticket
The also offer a single day theme park ticket allowing you access to the vacation park of your choice.  You can choose either Disneyland or California Adventure, but not both.  If you are a resident of Southern California or just visit the resort often, you also have the option of buying a season pass.
A Southern California City Pass is a must if you are planning on visiting Universal Studios and Sea World while you are in town.  A City Pass grants you access to Disneyland for three days, Universal Studios for one, and Sea World for one as well.
Buying a City Pass for each member of your family is a guaranteed way to have high quality Disneyland Vacations each time you visit the area.
Filed Under Disney Resort , Disneyland , Disneyland Resort , Disneyland Vacations , Southern California , Vacations , Walt Disney | 1 Comment
Disneyland Park is the original park built by Walt Disney.  It is located just off Interstate 5 in Anaheim.  Disneyland opened its doors on July 18th 1955 and cost just about $17 million dollars to construct.  Today, Disneyland is the largest attraction in Southern California and has been visited by over 515 million guests since the gates opened in 1955.
Disneyland consists of the following areas, Main Street USA, Adventureland,  Frontierland, Fantasyland, Tomorrowland, New Orleans Square, and Mickey’s Toontown.  Each of these areas has their own look and feel to them and you would think that you are in an entirely different park as you pass through these areas.
Disneyland has a few large attractions that their crowds flock to.  The largest and most popular rides in the park are as follows, Splash Mountain, Thunder Mountain Railroad, Space Mountain, The Matterhorn, and the Indiana Jones Adventure.  Of course there are rides that every kid enjoys like the new Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage, Peter Pan, Flying Dumbos, Buzz Lightyear Astroblasters, and Monorail.
Recently, Disneyland celebrated their 50th anniversary.  Millions of people across the US and the world chose a Disneyland Vacations package over any other vacation destination in the world.  It was an amazing celebration and one that will not be forgot my many.
