Save the most on your Disneyland ® Resort Park Hopper® Bonus Tickets with Get Away Today! Get more magic for less money with our discount Disneyland tickets at the Disneyland ® Resort and make memories that will last a lifetime.
Limited Time and Last Minute Specials
It pays to check back often at getawaytoday.com!  Make sure you visit our website and blog for last minute specials or special limited time offers!  You can also sign up for weekly special updates . These vary and you never know what you may find.  Some specials we've had in the past are "Fly Free to the Sandals Resorts", exclusive cruise rates for Get Away Today guests, discount Disneyland tickets, and percentages off of our already discounted hotels!
Free Night Specials
Many of our hotels will offer 3rd, 4th, or 5th night free specials based on consecutive night stays.  Occasionally if you can stay double the length of the promotion, you can get two nights free!  Just call Get Away Today to check if the hotel is able to double the promotion for you based on availability.  Free night offers book up quickly, so it’s always best to purchase in advance.
Gift Card Specials
Take advantage of limited time gift card offers!  Occasionally special gift card offers will be available when purchasing specific packages.  For example, stay at the Sheraton Park Hotel Anaheim and you’ll receive a free Gift Card up to $100 that can be used for food at the hotel while on your vacation!  There’s nothing like getting free money to use on vacation!
Disneyland ® Resort Vacation Packages
We help you save up to 50% on your Disneyland ® Resort Vacation Package !  By working directly with Disneyland ® Resort area hotels and the Disneyland ® Resort itself, we package the best deals and lowest prices on Disneyland ® Resort tickets and hotels , so you save the most on your Disneyland tickets and Disney vacation packages!
Disneyland Resort
The Disneyland Resort is one of the most popular vacation destinations in the world - and it's easy to see why!  With two amazing theme parks, three Disney hotels, and the Downtown Disney District, there is endless entertainment and magic.  Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure Park each have exciting attractions, incredible entertainment, delicious dining options, and so much more that you won't find anywhere else!  Here are just a few attractions that you won't want to miss at the Disneyland Resort:
World of Color
Since opening at Disney California Adventure Park, World of Color, an award-winning nighttime spectacular has been amazing audiences with water screens, fountains, Disney music, fire, and dazzling special effects.
Disneyland Fantasyland
Step through Sleeping Beauty's iconic castle to Fantasyland - what many people imagine when they think of Disneyland!  Here you'll fly away with Peter Pan, soar with Dumbo, spin with the Mad Hatter, join Snow White on a scary adventure, and so much more!
The Little Mermaid
The Little Mermaid - Ariel's Undersea Adventure is a ride-through experience of the very best of The Little Mermaid  movie.  Guests dive down under the sea and become part of Ariel's enchanting world.
Star Tours
Star Tours - The Adventures Continue officially with the return of your favorite Star Wars characters and destinations in an all-new 3-D adventure!
Mickey's Soundsational Parade
Mickey's Soundsational Parade hit the streets of MainStreet USA just in time for Memorial Day weekend 2011 with an incredible display of music and sound performed by your favorite classic Disney characters.
Toy Story Mania!
Step right up and compete in Toy Story Mania! — an exciting and interactive "Toy Story" adventure inspired by Disney•Pixar's "Toy Story" films! Grab some 3-D glasses and zip off into a 4-D world of midway-style games in Disney California Adventure Park's Paradise Pier.
Goofy's Sky School
Goofy takes over as your flight instructor on this wild ride inspired by Goofy's "How to" cartoon series of the 1940s and 1950s located in Disney California Adventure Park's Paradise Pier.
San Diego Vacation Packages
At Get Away Today we make planning your San Diego vacation packages a breeze.  We offer you the lowest hotel rates and each package already includes 2 adult Sea World tickets.  We provide discounts to many other must see local attractions to make your vacation package the best ever!
Legoland: Sea Life™ Aquarium
More than a standard aquarium, SEA LIFE™ Aquarium provides an educational and interactive dynamic unlike any other.  Featuring play zones, fun facts and quiz trails, SEA LIFE is a child’s guide to the life of the sea.  The SEA LIFE voyage begins high in the fresh waters of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, continuing on to the San Francisco Harbor and finally journeying to the depths of the Pacific Ocean via the California shoreline.
Legoland California
“Build” family memories with a visit to LEGOLAND® California!  Become a pirate, discover dinosaurs, explore ancient Egypt and more at this unique adventure park that offers more than 50 rides, shows, and attractions.  Tour miniature LEGO® replicas of the country's biggest cities in Miniland USA, and countless other unbelievable LEGO® creations throughout the park.
Old Town Trolley Tours
See San Diego the way it was meant to be seen on an Old Town Trolley Tour ®. This 2-hour live narrated open-air trolley tour covers over 30 miles and 100 points of interest! Hop on and off at any of the eight convenient stops including: Old Town, Seaport Village, Horton Plaza, Coronado, San Diego Zoo and El Prado in Balboa Park.
San Diego Zoo
Experience Elephant Odessey, San Diego Zoo's newest and most elaborate elephant exhibit!
Fun for all ages! Get up close in the Petting Paddock, laugh and learn with Dr. Zoolittle's zany science shows, and visit the animal nursery.
Visit the stars of the world-famous Panda Cam. You'll enjoy the winding, elevated viewing paths that give great panda-watching opportunities.
San Diego Zoo Safari Park
Lion Camp - Get nose to nose with an African lion pride—literally! Get up close to see lions that may come right up to the glass to check you out.
Africa Tram Safari Tour - Embark on a 2.5-mile, 30-minute tour that takes you eye to eye with the animals in large African field exhibits.
Nairobi Village - A lush, bustling, and exciting village of shops, restaurants, animals, and activity centers in the heart of the Park!
Harbor Cruises
"Sea" San Diego in a whole new light on an exciting Harbor Cruise.  Select from our discounted Harbor Cruise Tours and enjoy stunning views of the Naval Air Station, Harbor and Shelter Islands, the Naval Sub Base, Cabrillo National Monument, the Star of India, the U.S. Navy surface fleet, and Coronado Bay Bridge.
Beaches
San Diego is the perfect beach vacation destination with world famous beaches like Coronado Beach, Mission Beach, Ocean Beach and more!
NEW: Transformers: The Ride 3D
In May 2012, be part of the battle as you embark on a mission to defend the Allspark from the evil clutches of the Decepticons® in TransformersTM: The Ride 3D. Transformers™: The Ride 3D is an immersive, next generation thrill ride that blurs the line between fiction and reality. Fusing HD 3D media and flight simulation technology, this epic ride creates an experience unlike anything this planet has ever seen. Based on the popular movie franchise, this mind-blowing new Transformers™ adventure puts you in the middle of the ultimate war zone. Fight alongside Optimus and try to survive as you protect the Allspark from Decepticons® over four stories tall. Remember, the future of the human race is counting on you. Prepare for the greatest battle you'll ever ride. Transformers™: The Ride 3D.
KONG
The BIGGEST attraction at Universal Studios Hollywood is the all new King Kong 360 3-D created by Peter Jackson. It’s the world’s largest 3-D experience and it takes over Universal Studios Hollywood this summer. Here, you won’t just see it, you won’t just hear it: you’ll feel it. It’s 3-D to the next level and it’s only at Universal Studios Hollywood-The Entertainment Capital of L.A.
Studio Tour
Go behind the scenes on the legendary Studio Tour at Universal Studios Hollywood to explore where Hollywood movies are made.  Experience the largest movie set street expansion in Hollywood history and be immersed in the full backlot experience from the comfort of new trams with built-in state-of-the-art HD monitors.
New: Special Effects Stage
Experience the all-new Special Effects Stage where you’ll learn the secrets behind the making of your favorite blockbuster movies. Become an expert in Hollywood movie making as you learn about CGI, stop-motion, motion capture, and 3-D technology. Then, face action head-on in heart-pounding rides, shows and attractions that put you inside some of the world’s biggest movies.
The Simpsons Ride
Voted World's Best New Attraction for 2008 by the readers of ThemeParkInsider.com
The Simpsons™ are visiting Krustyland, the low-budget theme park created by famed TV personality and shameless product huckster Krusty the Clown!
You are there right alongside Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie as you enter through the carnival-like midway.
Once you board your vehicle you’re in for one surprise after another as you embark on a wild, over-the-top ride through the park… flying, floating, and more or less crashing your way through Krustyland’s kiddie attractions, stunt shows, and thrill rides.
Revenge of the Mummy - the Ride
Universal Studios Hollywood's famous psychological thrill coaster, 'Revenge of the Mummy The Ride' features an all-new 'More Shocking' experience that will leave you breathless!
If you dare, face heart-pounding special effects and unexpected twists at every turn as you escape the Mummy's revenge in life-like horror. It WILL change you . . . forever!
