Home > Disneyland® Resort > Vacation Packages
Imagine the most magical Disney vacation in a land where fantasy becomes reality.
We'll take you there... with a Disneyland® vacation package that includes a stay at one of the popular on-site Hotels of the Disneyland® Resort or a conveniently located off-site Anaheim Area Good Neighbor® Hotel . Add Exclusive   Benefits and a wide variety of optional vacation package features, and you'll have created a truly magical Disneyland® Resort vacation experience like no other.
Peace of Mind
In addition to the value-added amenities provided with our Walt Disney Travel Company Resort Magic and Good Neighbor® Magic vacation packages, you'll also have peace of mind knowing   there's a service office located on-site at the Disneyland® Resort.  In the event you require additional assistance with your   vacation package during your stay, a representative will be there with you to help.
We Specialize In Disneyland® Vacations!
IneedaVacation.com™ has been in the travel business since 1982, and dreaming up magical Disneyland® vacations is what   we do best. All of our Authorized   Disney Vacation Planners are College of Disney Knowledge Graduates, and can sprinkle plenty   of pixie dust on your Disneyland® Vacation with helpful ideas and first-hand knowledge of the Disneyland® Resort.  Once you've selected the vacation package that's right for you, you can Book or Price Your Disneyland® Vacation Online with the assistance of one of our Authorized Disney Travel Planners.
Experience The Madness!
The Resort Magic Package includes Deluxe Accommodations at either Disney's Grand Californian Hotel® and Spa , the Disneyland® Hotel or Disney's        Paradise Pier® Hotel , which are conveniently located only steps from the Disney Theme Parks .
Disneyland® Resort Souvenir Tickets which you can use at both of the Disney   Theme Parks , Disney Character Dining Experiences, Round-Trip Airfare, and many other Value-Added Amenities are also   available with this popular package.
With the Good Neighbor® Magic Package , you'll stay at a Good Neighbor® Hotel , conveniently located in the heart of Anaheim near   the Disneyland® Resort.
This popular vacation package includes Disneyland® Resort Souvenir Tickets, which can be used at both of the Disney Theme Parks . In addition, you can add Disney Character Dining Experiences,   Round-Trip Airfare, and other Value-Added Amenities to this package.
