Looks interesting and delicious. will try soon.
IPerrot
| September 15, 2008 at 2:27 pm | Reply
I have loved quinoa for years,  just tried the breakfast cereal and love it also!  Quinoa is also great in a tabbouleh salad instead of couscous, but my whole foods has been unable to order it these last two months in the bulk section and I am a bit worried.  What is going on in the quinoa market?
Moya
| December 20, 2008 at 12:22 am | Reply
I cook mine with ginger & garlic – it’s how I used to cook rice. Cook some chopped ginger & garlic in a pan with a little oil, add the quinoa & cook for a minute or two. Add required amount of chicken or vegetable stock, bring to boil, stir. Reduce heat, cover & simmer till cooked.
Tastes great with lots of things
Bob
Another great breakfast recipe that I use in the mornings:
Using a coffee grinder (clean) grind up 1/2 cup quinoa into a fine flour
Add 1 cup boiling water
Whisk together until solid-ish.
This makes a great quinoa farina sort of substance that’s great with fruit and other additivies.
Sophia
| April 7, 2009 at 1:07 pm | Reply
I just discovered quinoa milk today!
I usually use almond milk because my body does not react well with dairy and im not a fan of soy. Almond milk tends to be a bit creamier than rice milk, which is a bit thin, but i never imagined id find quinoa milk. I havent tried it yet, but im quite stoked to do so. Also, i believe its sweetened a little with agave.
maybe give it a try!
Carrie
| April 22, 2009 at 4:12 pm | Reply
In your cooking directions, I noticed that you didn’t  say anything about soaking the quinoa before cooking to remove the bitterness (I have read to soak for 2-4 hours).  I purchased quinoa from Whole Foods’ bulk section and don’t know if it is presoaked – don’t think so.  Is soaking not necessary if I just rinse it?
***
Carrie,
I’ve never soaked quinoa… a good, very thorough rinse has always worked just fine for me. (Including that which I bought from the bulk bin at Whole Foods!)
Carrie
Thanks!  I made it and it was wonderful.  I tried it both plain and then added a little raw butter, maple syrup and rice milk.  I liked them both.
Have you tried sprouting it, and if so, does it taste good?
Darlene
I am so anxious to try it for breakfast.  I have eaten pearl barley for breakfast for awhile, however, it caused extreme gas by afternoon. I am thinking that quinoa is different from barley, am I right?
Liz N
I love the idea of having it for breakfast too.
~M
This looks fabulous.  Costco now sells 4 lb bags of quinoa for $9.99 (or less), making it the cheapest option!
I’m going to try this with coconut milk.
| August 17, 2009 at 4:58 pm | Reply
Nice write up, thank you!
Just cooked a ton of quinoa last night in place of rice, and have a LOT leftover!  Was googling how to use the leftovers and your post came up.
Do you know at all how long the leftover quinoa lasts in the fridge?
Cheers!
| August 27, 2009 at 8:27 am | Reply
I have been eating quinoa for breakfast for the last month or so.  Love it, love it, love it.  I cook enough ahead on Sunday for breakfast all week.  I warm up one cup in micro, add cinnamon, freshly ground flax seed, whatever fruit in season, and soy milk.  It is like porridge, with a really great taste.  It does keep me filled till mid morning but I still need a snack or two (fruit usually) before lunch.  I am hooked for life I think.
helen
how long dothe cooked quinoa leftovers stay fresh in the fridge? thanks.
culinography
| October 10, 2009 at 3:50 pm | Reply
Helen –
Not sure, but I can tell you that we’ve had it in the fridge for up to about five days with no negative consequences! Thanks for visiting!
Darlene
| October 13, 2009 at 8:25 am | Reply
I usually make 1 1/2 cups on Sunday and put in the fridge for the week.  I eat about 1 cup a day, mixed with soya milk, flax seed, and cinnamon, similar to porridge I think.  I have only had it go bad on me once, a bit of mold on it, after about 7 days.  I now know that it has to be eaten within a week.
Melyssa
| January 11, 2010 at 2:15 pm | Reply
I’ve just started eating quinoa too..and man..is it good!!!
my question if anyone can help..is how long can you keep it stored for? I keep mine in an airtight glass jar..and i’d like to buy in bulk, but don’t know if i could eat it before it gets too old..
thanks for your help in advance!
Deb
| January 19, 2010 at 12:51 pm | Reply
I started having a problem with wheat so  I  started eating quinoa  for breakfast and I love it.  I am looking forward to trying muffins and whatever else I can think of to cook with it.
I buy my quinoa from Bob’s Red Mill and I don’t rinse it at all. It is already well cleaned and rinsed.
