Veg Non-Veg Together
Savvy Veg Fans
"I am awed by the variety of information, recipes, tips etc. I am and will remain a regular visitor :)" - Steph S.
"Thanks for providing the healthiest of the vegetarian recipe options out there, & for choosing recipes that celebrate whole foods!" - Trish R.
"Your website is really cool. The articles are fantastic and the recipes are varied and not difficult.      I can't wait to tell my friends about this site!" - Kathy C.
"Your site is quite wonderful. Thank you for helping us live      in a sustainable, ethical and healthful way for all living things" - Erin L.
"I just found your website and love that many of the recipes are vegan! Thank you thank you! Love it! So stoked to find you." - Elaine E.
"Thank you for the great advice ... I'm sure your web site will answer all my questions. I'm very happy I found your web site ... thanks again" - Gailey M.
How To Cook Quinoa, Easy Quinoa Recipe
Quinoa: Delicious nutty flavor, quick & easy, nutritious, high protein
Quinoa has the most protein of any grain,and the highest fat content. It's a great source of vitamins & minerals,  Quinoa is higher in lysine than wheat, and is considered a complete protein.
Because of its high fat content, quinoa should be stored in the fridge or freezer so it doesn't go rancid.
Prep & Cook Time: 5 minutes prep, 15 minutes cook time
Yield: 4 servings
Nutrition Data, 1 cup cooked quinoa, 185g: 222 cal, 39g carb, 4g fat, 8g protein, 5g fiber, iron 15% DV, good source Vit E, folate, magnesium, phosphorus, manganese, estimated glycemic load 18
Quinoa Factoid: Botanically, quinoa is not a grain, but a seed belonging to the Goosefoot family. We cook and eat it like a grain, so that's why it's known as a grain.
Is Red Better Than White? White quinoa is most common, red is less common and more expensive. Red quinoa is harder and holds its shape better, and it has a stronger more earthy taste. Some people think it's more nutritious but as far as I can tell that's not necessarily so.
Cooking Quinoa: Simple to cook, like rice . Cooked quinoa looks a bit like couscous , but is more substantial and slightly crunchy.
Basic Quinoa Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups cold water
Optional: 1/4 tsp salt
Quinoa Cooking Directions:
To Soak or Not to Soak Quinoa: Quinoa naturally comes with a bitter coating called saponin which must be rinsed off. Most quinoa that you buy in the U.S. has been pre-rinsed and dried, but I'm a bit anal, so I soak it 5 minutes just in case, to loosen up any residue of saponin, or dust or chaff that remains. Skip soaking if you like, but always rinse quinoa.
You'll need a 2 quart pot with a tight fitting lid, and a fine mesh strainer
Double the recipe if you want to have leftover quinoa for another meal or two
Optional: Soak the quinoa for 5 min in the cooking pot. Soaking helps quinoa to cook evenly, and loosens up any residue of saponin (usually removed in processing), which can give a bitter taste
To Rinse: Stir the quinoa with your hand, and carefully pour off the rinsing water, using a fine mesh strainer at the last
Drain quinoa well in the strainer, transfer to the cooking pot, add 1 1/2 cups water & 1/2 tsp salt if desired
Bring to a boil, cover with a tight fitting lid, and turn the heat down to simmer
Cook for 15 minutes
Remove quinoa from heat and allow to sit five minutes with the lid on
Fluff quinoa gently with a fork and serve
Quinoa is delicious by itself or with any of the recipes listed above
What To Do With Cooked Quinoa:
Use this basic quinoa recipe as a starting point, and substitute quinoa for couscous or rice in almost any meal. Just a few examples of easy quinoa recipes using cooked quinoa:
Breakfast Quinoa Quinoa Burgers Quinoa Salad Quinoa Veggie Stir Fry
Great recipes to eat with quinoa:
Butternut Squash Stew Crockpot Chickpea Curry Mixed Veggies In Coconut Curry Sauce Mozambique Vegetable Stew Tofu Bak Choy Stir Fry
Questions About Cooking Quinoa:
Question: Is quinoa a type of corn?  I am trying to avoid corn based products and am wondering if quinoa falls into that category - Kathy P.
Answer: Quinoa isn't related to corn. It's actually related to pigweed and it should be safe for you to eat
Question: Does one get full nutritional benefit if quinoa is not cooked?? - Libby S.
Answer: Yes, if you do something to make it digestible, like soaking, sprouting, and grinding - which is what raw foodists usually do with grains. In that case, the nutritional value might even be higher - Savvy Veg
Question: How is the carbohydrate count on Quinoa? - Helen F.
Answer: High. 1 cup cooked quinoa has from 30 - 40 grams of carbs depending on who you ask
Question: Love your site but confused about the calories of quinoa. Is 1/4 c raw = to 260 calories? If I want to make one portion to = 150 calories would I use 1/8 of a cup raw? If so, how much water do I use? -  Judy D.
Answer: 1 cup of raw quinoa makes about 3 cups of cooked quinoa with approximately 660 calories. So 1/4 cup raw quinoa would have about 160 calories. For one portion cooked quinoa, I'd use 1/4 cup raw quinoa and about 1/2 cup water
Question: Great recipes!  Thanks.  Looking for quinoa chili recipe - Lawrence F.
Answer: Here's our Quinoa Chili Recipe
Question: Are there any quinoa dessert recipes? - Donna D.
Answer: Try the Quinoa Breakfast Recipe as a pudding. Or substitute quinoa flour in a recipe such as Apple Crisp , or any cookie or muffin recipe. Since quinoa is gluten-free, balance it with some  potato starch or tapioca flour - Savvy Veg
Question: I am trying to find a receipe for quinoa veggie stew for cold winter months...can you help?...I am so interested in Quinoa itself. love the taste and texture I use it for everything...thank you so much for this info - Diane C.
Answer: Check the Quinoa Recipes Index - you'll find lots of good quinoa recipes for winter e.g. quinoa sweet potato black bean stew, quinoa chili, crockpot quinoa red lentil stew - Savvy Veg
Question: My son has nut allergies and I was wondering if quinoa was safe for him to eat? - Joanne D.
Answer: Of course consult your health care provider before introducing any new food. However, quinoa is generally recommended for those with nut and gluten allergies. It's the seed of a plant that isn't technically a grain, isn't related to nuts, and is gluten free - Savvy Veg
Question: Can cooked quinoa be preserved for future use by freezing? - Carl P
Answer: Yes, cooked quinoa can be frozen. I recommend using it within a month, when freezing in a fridge freezer, 3 months in a deep freeze. Follow the usual recommendations for freezing food: air tight container, fully & tightly packed to exclude air - Savvy Veg
Question: I live in S.W. Ontario, Canada. Is quinoa available at any local supermarket or do Ii have to go to a bulk food store??? Or where is it available??  Thanks - Ana F.
Answer: If you have a bulk food or natural food store near you, that would be your best bet. Depending on demand, regular grocery stores might have it, but they tend not to. You can buy it online - there are quite a few suppliers. Sometimes you can get it through a buying club if there's one in your area - Savvy Veg
Answer: To the lady from SW Ontario - I just picked up a bag of quinoa at Costco - Beth C.
Question: I recently cooked quinoa for the first time and notice it has little white "fibers" in it. I see the same thing on pictures of the food on the web. Is this normal, and if so does anyone know what it is?    I also wonder how long to soak the quinoa before cooking. There seems to be a lot of different times suggested - David W.
Answer: Those little white fibers are part of the quinoa seed. When you see them, it means that your quinoa is cooked. Soaking quinoa is good for removing the bitter saponin coating. But most quinoa that you buy in this country has been washed or steamed to remove that coating. So I don't bother soaking quinoa anymore. I just give it a quick rinse. If you want to soak it, 5 minutes in warm water is enough - Savvy Veg
Your comments & questions help improve our recipes, so don't be shy! Contact Us
Easy Quinoa Recipes
