           
             Quinoa  (Keen-Wa)
Quinoa, a seed grain of the Chenepodium family, has a large germ which gives it a superior nutritional profile as compared to other grains. It is non- allergic and can be used in a wheat-free or gluten-free diet. It is a complete protein containing all the essential amino acids as recognized by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.
Quinoa is light, tasty, easy to digest, gluten free, and blends well with other ingredients. Check out our quick and easy Quinoa recipes.
Why Buy Inca Organics Quinoa?
Our heirloom Quinoa is the only true traditional blend of indigenous varieties grown by the Incas and their decedents in the high antiplano of Ecuador for centuries.  This results in a richer, more delicious flavor than recent hybrids.
Our Quinoa meets the very strict standards of the inspection/certification program of the United States Department of Agriculture National Organic Program - Final rule and the European Union on organically and non-GMO produced goods.  BCS Oko-Garantie of Nuremberg Germany issued the Master Certificate of Compliance.
Our product is certified Kosher and Pareve under the supervision of the United States agency Star-K.
Our whole-grain quinoa is higher in fiber than all the other typical hybrids (7g of fiber per serving vs. 3g for polished hybrids)
Our quinoa is more nutritious than hybrids, having been cleaned only by washing and not by mechanical processing which strip important nutrients.
Unlike other brands, our product is washed and ready to cook, making it extremely convenient and easy to prepare.
Visit our Where to Buy page for a list of domestic and international food manufactures, cooperatives, distributors and major food stores who agree Inca Organics' quinoa is the finest traditional organic quinoa on the market.
For more information about Inca Organics quinoa please visit our Frequently  Asked Questions page.
Pricing and Availability
Our quinoa is available in 25-pound or 25-kilo bags.  Our minimum order size is one metric ton or one pallet of 88 25-pound bags or 40 25-kilo (55-pound) bags.   Pricing varies depending on the quantity ordered and shipping point.  In the United States we ship from San Francisco, CA, Chicago, IL, or Newark, NJ.  Please contact, Infinity Foods , our master distributor in England for pricing in Great Britain and the rest of Europe.
Please complete the Information Request Form and check the pricing block.
 
