Home | South America | SA Travel | SA Books | SA News |  Quinoa | Planeta Ecuador |  Related Links
While no other food can, by itself, furnish all the essential nutrients for living, quinoa comes as close to being complete as many other foods from the vegetable and animal kingdoms. -- Al Durtschi
Since at least 3000 B.C., if not longer, the seed of the plant Chenopodium quinua has been a vital part of the Andean diet, used as a grain in baking, as well as being served in numerous dishes prepared by Aymara, Quechua and other indigenous peoples found throughout the Andean region. Yet, in spite of its nutritious value and hearty growth, in modern society quinoa has never enjoyed the mass appeal of grains such as rice or wheat.
In the last ten years there has been an increasing interest in quinoa as a healthy alternative to protein-rich foods such as beef or cheese. A growing export industry has developed as industrial countries begin to recognize the importance quinoa could play in providing a healthy and sustainable food source for centuries to come.
As word spreads of this "supergrain," an industry has begun to bloom, offering the promise of sustainable economic development for those regions in the Andean highlands in which quinoa may be found. The current value of the quinoa export market from Bolivia is approximately $1 million per year. Quinoa exports may expand even further with increased demand on the world market, particularly due to unsuccessful attempts to grow a desirable crop outside of the Andean highlands.
Perhaps more important than its economic potential is the incorporation or reincorporation of quinoa into the native diet of Andean peoples in Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador and other areas in which the plant can be grown for subsistence. This once-revered highland plant -- which, along with potatoes and corn formed a triumvirate of crops vital to the Inca empire -- is slowly working its way back onto the dinner tables of native Andean populations after a long period of waning popularity.
 
Rise and Fall of the Mother Grain
Following a visit to Colombia, the great Latin American geographer Alexander von Humboldt wrote that quinoa was to ancient Andean societies what "wine was to the Greeks, wheat to the Romans, cotton to the Arabs." Although more prevalent in the neighboring countries of Peru and Bolivia, quinoa has played an important role in indigenous societies throughout the Andean region, including as far south as Salta, Argentina.
The origin of quinoa domestication appears to be located in the area around Lake Titicaca. Based upon the work of Vavilov, the center of origin of a cultivated plant can be determined by the region in which is found the greatest diversity of plant types, both cultivated and wild, related to the plant in question. High variation in cultivated quinoa is found near Lake Titicaca, between Cuzco, Perú and Lake Poopó in Bolivia, thus this is where scientists believe the crop was first domesticated, long before the arrival of the Spanish conquistadors.
The first Spaniard to mention quinoa cultivation in the New World was Pedro de Valdivia, who informed Emperor Carlos I in 1551 of crops located on the around Concepción, Chile. A sixteenth-century khipu shows the importance placed on quinoa production in the central sierra of Perú; quinoa preceded potatoes in the inventory.
Archaeological evidence relating to the consumption of quinoa in ancient Andean societies has been found in a prehistoric tomb in Arica, Chile and among the contents of a mummy's possessions in Ancón, Perú. According to findings in northern Chile, archaeologists believe quinoa was in use prior to 3000 B.C. Further evidence from the Ayacucho area places the domestication of quinoa before 5000 B.C.
There is little doubt that quinoa played a fundamental role in the great Inca civilization. It is believed that the Incas considered quinoa to be a sacred plant: Religious festivals included an offering of quinoa in a fountain of gold to the sun god, Inti; a special gold implement was used to make the first furrow of each year's planting; and, in Cuzco, ancient Incans worshipped entombed quinoa seeds as the progenitors of the city.
Historians have attributed the success of the Incan empire, in part, to its ability to feed not only its own population, but those of conquered tribes as well. Through wise cultivation, storage and distribution of indigenous plants, including quinoa, the Incans were able to sustain their empire.
With the arrival of the Spanish, this was to change. Farmers were sent into the gold mines of Perú and Bolivia, and non-native crops were introduced for Spanish consumption, thus altering centuries of agricultural patterns. During the colonial period, quinoa use was associated strictly with native populations, leading to an undesirable perception of the seed as belonging to the lower class.
By the beginning of this century, quinoa had lost its status as the Mother Grain. Foreign crops, such as barley, had been introduced and surpassed quinoa in importance. Further decline occurred in Peru in the 1940s when the government began to import large amounts of wheat. Between 1941 and 1974, quinoa cultivation plummeted from 111,000 acres to 32,000 acres. Compounded with the growing acculturation of indigenous populations and the stigma of indigenous identification attached to its consumption, quinoa lost its grandeur and became just another subsistence crop for poorer rural families.
 
Quinoa Cultivation
With a growing concern regarding the loss of the world's genetic diversity, quinoa has found a renewed interest among scientists who believe its landraces (local crop varieties) could be useful in providing genetic source material for plant breeding. While there are over 80,000 edible species of plants grown around the world, only 150 are presently cultivated for commercial purposes. Dependence on so few species creates a danger to food production, should these species become threatened. Increased commercial growth of additional species, such as quinoa, decreases this possibility, as well as providing an economic outlet for poorer Andean nations.
As mentioned previously, quinoa grows almost exclusively in the Andes region. This is due to a number of reasons: First, the plant thrives at altitudes of approximately 9,000 to 13,000 feet above sea level; second, the plant can survive on as little as two inches of rainfall, which is not uncommon in the semi-arid regions of the Andes; finally, the quinoa plant is frost-resistant.
For these reasons, quinoa has been an especially important crop in the Collao Altiplano, in which, rising 12,400 feet above sea level, corn could never be produced. In certain regions of the southern Bolivian altiplano, there are even entire communities that subsist on quinoa and its export to Perú and Chile. Unfortunately, data have indicated that there is a 60% probability of crop failure in this region due to inclement weather.
A quinoa plant can be anywhere from three to over ten feet tall. Its stem can be either straight or branched, and its color is variable. Seeds may be white, yellow, gray, light brown, pink, black or red. The roots of the quinoa plant can reach depths of up to six inches.
While there are numerous varieties of the plant (Perú and Bolivia have over 2000 ecotypes), there are five general categories of quinoa:
1. Quinoa from the valley, which grows in the interandean valleys, between approximately 6,500 and 12,000 feet above sea level. These are big, branched plants which have a long growth period.
2. Altiplanic quinoa, which grows in the areas surrounding Lake Titicaca. These plants are particularly resistant to frost. They are short with straight stems, and have a short growth period.
3. Quinoa from the salares (salt flats), which are native to the Bolivian salares. These plants are relatively resistant, having adapted to salty and alkalidic soils. They have bitter seeds and have a high percentage of proteins.
4. Sea level quinoa, which grows in the south of Chile. These are normally not branched and have bitter, yellow seeds.
5. Subtropical quinoa, which grows in the interandean valleys of Bolivia. These plants have an intense green color that turns orange as they mature. Its seeds are small and can be white or orange.
Varieties of these five basic types of quinoa abound. In one area, researchers found some thirty varieties of quinoa that the local farmers were able to identify and differentiate. Commercial names of some of these varieties include "Utu Saya", "Michca", "Kutu Kutu", "Janco", and "Moco Moco." All of these are considered as quinua real, or true quinoa, in the marketplace. The most common varieties are Kancolla, Blanca de Junín and Sajama.
Cultivation of the quinoa plant requires loose soils that can retain an adequate amount of moisture. Soil should be rich in calcium, potash, and manganese, or improved by fertilization. Planting season begins in September and extends through November, and is some areas from January to March. Seeds may be broadcast or planted in rows that are two to three feet apart in areas called kallpares. Once planted, the seed is covered with soil by dragging thorned branches across the field or through harrowing, utilizing manual tools called taquiza and liwcana. It takes between five to seven months for a plant to mature.
Once plants have matured, and are harvested, seeds may be collected for consumption, or for market trade. In the southern Altiplano, the common form of commercialization, no longer as relevant as it once was, is the trueque, or bartar. Farmers interested in obtaining quinoa travel to production centers by truck, carrying wheat, rice, butter or other food items. The trueque consists in trading an equivalent amount of one product for another. A wheat farmer can offer ten grams of wheat in exchange for ten grams of quinoa. Since the 1960s, traditional monetary purchase of products has proliferated.
 
High in Nutrients at 10,000 Feet
Another major reason for renewed interest in the quinoa seed is its extremely nutritious qualities. In the diet of ancient inhabitants of the Americas, quinoa was the primary replacement for animal proteins. The quinoa seed is not necessarily as high in protein as some would have it, but it contains a combination of a greater proportion of important amino acids. These contain essential proteins for good health. In five categories of essential amino acids, quinoa has a greater amount than four other cereals.
In considering alimentation and the future of world food stocks, quinoa appears a most desirable choice for intensive cultivation. Studies have demonstrated, for example, that the addition of quinoa to the diet of a pregnant woman can improve milk secretion. In fact, scientists have demonstrated that quinoa has equal, if not superior, protein to powdered milk. Furthermore, quinoa has more than three times as much calcium, and twice as much phosphorous as wheat.
 
Nutritional Value of Quinoa (100 grams)
372   calories
