Great recipe. My family loves it.
Aditi
December 22nd, 2011 on 7:29 pm
I tried this muffin and so also the Vegan Pear Walnut muffins. The Pear muffins were a disaster and you told me it could be due to overripe pears.
I made sure to use very firm strawberries and even used a little less then 1 cup of mashed banana and ensured the batter consistency was not runny. It still turned out all mushy in the centre, desipte baking for a good 35-40 minutes… Not sure what could be wrong..
By mushy do you mean Raw? cos if its uncooked then its mostly the oven that’s at fault.  If its uncooked then here are the possible issues : 1) Oven temperature is too hot making the outside cook faster than inside. 2) Too much batter in cup can cause uneven cooking 3) Oven rack not centered in oven.  This particular muffin is meant to be moist as mentioned (but not mushy). Try baking non fruit based muffins to verify if only the fruit based ones are what that comes out “mushy” for you
Madhu
November 20th, 2011 on 4:01 pm
hi DK,
I tried these today and the final product didnt turn out as expected. I’ve baked so many muffins,cupcakes and breads from this site but never failed so badly. My muffins got completely deflated once they came out of the oven and also everything stuck to cupcake liner. I did not have Greek yogurt in hand so used FF Sour cream but I guess this should be ok. I used 2 full bananas which I think the made the batter consistency a little more liquid than what I see in your pics above. Also I baked them for around 28 mins which made them a little burnt on the outside but the inside was still sticky which I think is due to excess of bananas. I still liked the crunch from the quinoa and I’m a great fan of quinoa. I still want to try this recipe once again but with the exact measurements.
The sour cream would make this only richer and that sure is not the problem. You need bananas just enough to give the cup measurement I mention. Did you have any reason to use more? I think that might have been the problem. As for it sticking to the liner, grease it lightly before dropping the batter into it. That helps with the sticking issue.
Sri
Can I use white sugar instead of brown? if I can, is the measurement still the same?
Measurement is the same. It will taste a little different from what I made, thats all
Deepa
November 15th, 2011 on 4:33 am
Looks lovely …love all your recipes and the wonderful illustration of each. In this recipe when you say ‘Wheat flour’ is that whole wheat flour or refined wheat flour (maida)? I have one more question for you – in a lot of baking recipes, i have come across vegetable oil as one of the ingredient….could i use olive oil instead or would that leave a strong flavor? For example, in baked samosas or cake or muffins?
Maida is always referred to as either “maida” or “all purpose flour”. So here I mean THE wheat flour.  Though Olive oil can be used in baking, it depends more on the kind of recipe for using Olive oil. Will it alter the taste, texture and the like. But yes, olive oil will alter the taste as against vegetable oil.
Vijaya
November 12th, 2011 on 12:34 am
Unable to get Quinoa,give me a substitute please
Well, There is no substitute for Quinoa. Simply refer to other recipes that do not use Quinoa. Hopefully you get this wonderful ingredient soon!
