  Are you ready to start shopping now?
You may now order at this site from our Wholesale Online Order page, only full case or bulk orders. You might also order most of our products at amazon.com.
We at Quinoa Corporation are very pleased and excited to introduce an amazing  "new" food. It is called quinoa (pronounced keen-wa), and is a grain that comes from the Andes  Mountains of South America. Quinoa's origins are truly ancient. It was one of  the three staple foods, along with corn and potatoes, of the Inca civilization. Quinoa was known then, and still is known, with respect, as the mother grain. We  call it the "Supergrain of the Future."
Quinoa contains  more protein than any other grain; an average of 16.2  percent, compared with 7.5 percent for rice, 9.9 percent for millet, and 14 percent for wheat. Some varieties of quinoa are more than 20 percent protein.
Quinoa's protein is  of an unusually high quality. It is a complete protein, with an essential amino acid balance close to the ideal ... similar to milk!
Quinoa's protein is  high in lysine, methionine and cystine. This makes it an excellent food to  combine with, and boost the protein value of, other grains (which are low in lysine), or soy (which is low in methionine and cystine).
Rich & Balanced Source of  Nutrients
Besides its unique protein,  quinoa also provides starch, sugars, oil (high in essential linoleic acid), fiber, minerals, and  vitamins.
Easy on the Stomach
Quinoa is light, tasty, and  easy to digest. It is not sticky or heavy like most other grains, and  it has a delicious flavor all its own.
Quick  and Simple to Prepare
A whole-grain dish of  quinoa takes just 15 minutes.
Versatile
Quinoa can be substituted for almost any grain in almost any recipe. It looks and tastes great on its own, or in any dish from soup to salad.
Perfect for Summertime
Many people eat grains only during the colder months, but quinoa's lightness combined with its versatility in cold dishes like salads and desserts makes it an ideal source of good summertime nutrition.
Kids love it!
