March 16th, 2012 | Author: admin |
I found this video on how to make Falafel Quinoa Cakes. They turned out SO good!
P.S. Ready for some delicious quinoa recipes? Discover the secrets of cooking with Quinoa in this “ Complete Guide To Cooking With Quinoa “. You’ll find over 70 yummy recipes, from soups and stews to salads, stir fries and even dessert. Get your copy for $27 today and start making delicious and healthy quinoa dishes right away. http://www.howtomakequinoa.com/r/quinoa
Inspire Your Middle Eastern Cravings With Quinoa
March 14th, 2012 | Author: admin |
Quinoa has the ability to transport you around the world. But, probably the best vehicle for quinoa is any dish that has to do with Middle Eastern quisine. The sauces of this particular region’s foods are so deep and intensely flavored, quinoa is to perfect compliment to stand up to this rich flavor.
Adding quinoa to your Middle Eastern cravings not only adds nutritional value, it also increases the heartiness of your meal. Let’s take a look at three Middle Eastern dishes you may be familiar with, and how they do well to benefit from the addition of quinoa.
Lentil Soup
This dish is a staple of the Middle Eastern culture. One reason is because of its low cost to produce. Adding a couple cups of quinoa to the mix only makes it more healthy and even more frugal. Not only do lentils have a good deal of protein, but quinoa adds almost three times more protein than the lentils do. That little bowl of lentil soup with quinoa added is a powerhouse of protein!
If you’ve enjoyed the taste of lentil soup, you know that there is still one drawback – the color. When lentils are cooked down with other vegetables, everything tends to take on the same dingy brown color. This is where red and black quinoa can really make a difference in presentation because they hold their color quite well. Food has to be visually edible first, and by adding colorful quinoa to your soup, your eyes can’t wait for your hands to grab a spoon and dig right in.
Tabbouleh
Generally made with bulgar wheat, this dish can cause many who are eating gluten free to avoid the dish entirely.  However, for those who love this Middle Eastern food, you can make a slight variation by adding quinoa instead of the bulgar wheat and still enjoy your favorite dish. Toast the quinoa to deepen the flavor, cook your quinoa as directed on the package, and then add the spices and vegetables.
With many foods, the general consensus is that the longer you let it sit before serving, the better it will become. That is another reason why quinoa may be a better choice than using bulgar wheat.  Because bulgar wheat can get a little soggy as it sits, many people actually learn to prefer the quinoa version of tabbouleh because it keeps a firmer, crispier texture.
Stuffed Grape Leaves
Even though this is a dish that, when made right can be a real delight, the traditional filling lacks a complete nutritional profile. Quinoa can add a real super-boost of protein along with many much needed vitamins and minerals.  If you substitute quinoa for the rice, you will also get a slightly nuttier taste and a bit of crunch. The grape leaves will also be easier to roll because the quinoa is very easy  to manage, resulting in a more dense roll. When you cut through a quinoa stuffed grape leaf, you will immediately be impressed with how well they stand up instead of falling apart.  This is very appealing.  You’ll also add a nice, deep rich color, especially when you choose the red or black quinoa varieties.
As you can see, quinoa is a great addition to Middle Eastern dishes. Not only does quinoa add nutritional value, but it also stands up to a longer cook time, meaning it doesn’t fall apart, break down, or get mushy. This gives a nice texture as well as an improved visual presence. Next time you are craving Middle Eastern food, try making it with quinoa – you won’t be disappointed.
 
P.S. Ready for some delicious quinoa recipes? Discover the secrets of cooking with Quinoa in this “ Complete Guide To Cooking With Quinoa “. You’ll find over 70 yummy recipes, from soups and stews to salads, stir fries and even dessert. Get your copy for $27 today and start making delicious and healthy quinoa dishes right away. http://www.howtomakequinoa.com/r/quinoa
Mediterranean Quinoa Patties
March 12th, 2012 | Author: admin |
Quinoa patties can add a huge bump of flavor to your regular sandwich night. Place these patties between to big bella mushroom caps and you have a healthy and delicious sandwich!
Favorite Comfort Foods Take A Nutritional Leap With Quinoa
February 28th, 2012 | Author: admin |
Comfort foods are a warm blanket fresh out of the dryer. They are hot and hearty and often remind you of your childhood. With the ability to transport you back through the years, comfort foods are the perfect way to relax and unwind.  But are they the perfect way to eat healthy?  Maybe not always.
A great way to pack in the nutrition is to incorporate quinoa into your old classics.  Quinoa will not only add nutrition, but also new flavors and textures. Let’s look at three of the most common comfort foods and how you can add quinoa to them to get a new take on a tried and true recipe.
The Hot And Cold Guide To Eating Quinoa
February 24th, 2012 | Author: admin |
Quinoa can be eaten either hot or cold and enjoyed thoroughly either way. No matter which way you decide to feast, quinoa is a delicious and nutritious addition to your meals. Since there are endless ways to enjoy quinoa, it should become a staple in your kitchen.  Both the versatility and the health benefits are reasons to keep a pantry full of this delicious seed. Let’s take a look at some of the best hot and cold ways to enjoy this delicious ancient food.
Quinoa Breakfast Granola
February 23rd, 2012 | Author: admin |
I love having granola for breakfast. It is filling, healthy, and gives me the energy I need for the day. This one is one of my very favorites to make.
Shrimp and Veggie Quinoa
February 22nd, 2012 | Author: admin |
This is a very delicious dish that will not only please every member of your home, but also have them coming back for more! Shrimp and Veggie Quinoa is full of flavor and very inexpensive to make.
