Tell a friend:
Quote Of The Week
Regrets can hold you back and can prevent the most wonderful things taking place in your lives. EILEEN CADDY
Facts About Quinoa Nutrition
Quinoa nutrition contains twice the protein of regular cereal grains, less carbohydrates, more healthy fats, fiber, phosphorus, calcium and is very high in iron.
The health benefits of quinoa, pronounced (Keen-wah) is a grain unlike other grains, and is a great anti aging food, it also comes in red.
It is the most nutritious of all the grains, and up until now has been quite unknown.
Two important minerals found in quinoa, are manganese and copper.  These two work together as an antioxidant, and help the body fight free radicals, which can cause the body to develop cancer and disease.
It contains no gluten, so is great for those on a gluten free diet.
It is a complete protein, which means it contains all the essential amino acids your body needs, just like meat, eggs and dairy.
Quinoa nutrition, is a perfect food for vegetarians, and great for those on a diet.
It makes an excellent food source, if you are on a diet, by including it,  you are gaining all the nutrients, vitamins and minerals your body needs to keep you healthy, and help you lose weight.
The great thing about quinoa, it can help you stay feeling fuller for longer.  The carbohydrates in quinoa release slowly into your body, and you won’t get that rush of energy, you get after eating certain other foods, and you will have less cravings for sugary foods.
It is very good in helping to reduce your hunger, while you are on a diet.
By including it into your diet, you will gain many other health advantages, and it can help you with many health problems, such as migraines.
Because quinoa is a high in magnesium, it is able to help limit the amount of headaches you get.  Magnesium is a mineral which is very beneficial for relaxing blood vessels.
Riboflavin (vitamin B2) is another source found in quinoa, this helps your cells have proper energy production, and has also been shown to help reduce the amount of migraines a person may suffer.
If you suffer from fungal infections(candida) you can enjoy this wonderful, nutritious food as it does not feed the bacterial and fungal.
Health Benefits of Quinoa
help people with type 2 diabetes
heart disease
