About Quinoa
About Quinoa
Quinoa is a seed---most often referred to as a grain---with a fluffy and creamy texture and a mild, nutty flavor when cooked. Although not common in the West, quinoa is a hardy crop and is easily cultivated. The plant is neither a true cereal grain nor a grass but a relative of spinach and chard. Sometimes the leaves are also eaten as a vegetable similar to other greens, but their commercial availability is currently limited. Does this Spark an idea?
Print this article
History
Quinoa originated 6,000 years ago in South America. The Incas held the crop sacred and referred to it as "the mother of all grains." During the 15th century Pre-Columbian era, quinoa was of extreme nutritional importance to the Andean civilization, second only to the potato. During the conquest of South America in 1492, Spanish colonists disregarded quinoa. They even worked to actively suppress it as a source of food due to its ties to non-Christian ceremonies.
Nutritional Value
The protein content of quinoa is extremely high, between 12 and 18 percent. Many vegetarians and vegans take advantage of quinoa to supplement the protein in their diets. It also contains essential amino-acids and is a good source of dietary fiber, phosphorus, manganese, magnesium, copper and iron.
Preparation
Quinoa produces a light and fluffy texture when cooked. It is often used as an alternative to rice or couscous. Before cooking, the bitter saponins must be removed, usually by soaking the quinoa in water. (Today, the saponins are often removed from packaged quinoa before it's sold.) Next, the quinoa is mixed with equal parts water, brought to a boil and simmered for 15 to 20 minutes. It becomes translucent when properly cooked. The dish can then be used in a variety of recipes or eaten plain, with sugar or salt.
Benefits
Quinoa is rich in magnesium, which can help prevent migraine headaches by relaxing blood vessels. It can reduce the risk of heart failure and high cholesterol when eaten regularly. Quinoa contains a high concentration of antioxidants, which combat damaging free radicals in the body. Foods high in insoluble fiber, such as quinoa, can also prevent the formation of gallstones and promote a healthy digestive system. It is easy to digest, gluten-free and considered a kosher food.
Warning
Although quinoa is not a typical allergen, the saponins contain oxalates, which are mildly toxic. However, if the food is prepared correctly, the risk is minimal. The leaves of the plant should not be eaten excessively and the grain should always be thoroughly soaked before preparation unless it was pre-soaked during the production process.
Related Searches:
