 
 
Have you heard of Quinoa? If not, you are missing out.  Quinoa is a gluten free grain     very high in protein, essential amino acids, and Iron.  It contains 14 grams of protein     for every 100 gram serving!  When cooked, it has a fluffy texture and acts as a much     healthier substitute for rice or potatoes.  Did I mention the taste?  The light but     hearty grain is very rich in flavor and most everyone who tries it wonders why they     waited so long.
 
There are many uses for Quinoa
 
         • There are many breakfast recipes
        • It can be cooked in a variety of ways for lunch or dinner
        • It can be served with honey and nuts for a nutritious snack
 
It worked for LeAnne ...
1. The first one is staying healthy and eating right has to become the focal point     of your life.  Who can do that when we have jobs, families, responsibilities, and     want to enjoy ourselves a little bit too?
 
2. The second are the changes we make need to be SO dramatic and SO overwhelming     that we'll never be able to stick with them.  And any weight we lose we'll just gain     right back again.
 
 
3. Trying fad diets or doing hundreds of situps for a week isn't really going to     help us out in the long run.
Wouldn't you agree that it's crazy to think you'll get different results  if you     keep doing the same thing over and over again?  Isn't that the very definition of     insanity?  If I keep touching a hot stove and keep getting burned -
am I being brave     or am I being an idiot?  Well I'm not an idiot and neither are you.
That's why you need to try
something different ...
 
Here's How Quinoa Can Help You Melt Away the Pounds Starting Today!
You see I've just created a new book called, "The Quinoa Super Diet" that gives you     a step-
by-
step formula for losing weight.  It's different than anything else on weight     loss than you've ever seen because it's about utilizing a super food that 99.9% of     the world still hasn't heard about!  Bring quinoa to the attention of the general     public has been a labor of love for me and I've devoted the last 20 years of my life     to making it happen.
 
Here Are Just A Few Of The Breakthrough Concepts Inside "The Quinoa Super Diet":
 
 
 
Quinoa is only for those people who are finally ready to get serious about weight     loss.  Quinoa is the perfect whole grain rich in protein.  Hence, it is low in calories     but very filling and nutritionally rich.  An average sized American woman can lose     7 lbs days on our planned Quinoa diet with no hunger pangs and a man can lose more.  Have a beach vacation coming up?  How about a high school reunion?  Or maybe you     just let yourself go a bit and want to rekindle the magic with your spouse ... Whatever     the reason, my book "The Quinoa Super Diet" can help you lose 7 lbs. in 7 days (and     maybe even more!).
OK, So What's The Cost For This
Incredible Resource?
Let's do a quick comparison -
last time I checked a series of appointments with a     nutritionist would set you back a few hundred dollars (unless you have a medical     condition this WON'T be covered by health insurance).  Or you could pay between $30     and $100 A MONTH for a gym membership that you won't use more than 10 times a year.
 
 
 
Frankly, neither of these options really seemed fair to me.  So I figured out a way     to provide you with a real bargain ...
 
 
This Sensational Resource "The Quinoa Super Diet" Is Available To You As a Downloadable     Ebook Directly Accessible From The Internet.
 
 
This way I have no inventory and no fulfillment costs.  This way I can pass along     my cost savings to you.  So you win and I win.  Don't worry, downloading the information     in "The Quinoa Super Diet" is a real snap.  I'm no "techie whiz" and I had no problem.  It works perfectly well, whether you have a Mac or a PC.
 
Now because you will be downloading everything online -
I'm not going to charge you anywhere near the amount
you'd  pay for a single consultation with a nutrition
specialist or even what just one month at an overpriced
gym goes for.  In fact, your total investment for
"The Quinoa Super Diet" book is just $27.
 
But there's more because you'll also get…
Can I help you lose weight in a hurry,
safely and without any hassle?
 
Maybe. Maybe not.
 
But the only way to find is to try everything in my program out entirely at my risk.  "The Quinoa Super Diet comes with a 100% no-
questions asked, money-
back guarantee.     I personally guarantee that you've never heard anything like it. If you don't lose     7 lbs. in 7 days and feel healthier than you have in years within 30 days after downloading     the program, simply email us and we'll cheerfully refund your money, and you can     keep everything.
þ What exactly is Quinoa?
 
þ What are the nutritional content and
      value of Quinoa?
þ What are the benefits of Quinoa?
 
þ Can Quinoa really help you lose weight?
 
þ How much weight can you lose on a Quinoa diet?
 
þ Is Quinoa readily available?
 
þ Lip smacking Quinoa recipes
 
þ Plus so much more...
See if this sounds familiar ...
LeAnne M. is a loving mother of 2 beautiful children.  After her daughter Casey was     born she had no problem maintaining her active lifestyle while at the same time raising     her daughter with the help of her husband Mark.  A few years later her son Max was     born with severe autism.  Giving her son the love and attention he needed was the     only thing on LeAnne's mind, so of course the first things to go were trips to the     gym and time spent preparing healthy meals.  Then Max enrolled in a wonderful school     that caters to his special needs and LeAnne had time to take a look in the mirror     again ... and she didn't like what she saw.
 
So of course she tried the latest trends and products: South Beach, Abs Diet, even     a few online diet pills and exercise machines ... you name it, LeAnne tried it.  And     nothing worked.
Then after using Quinoa (pronounced Kee-
no-
Ah) LeAnne had this to report: "Once I     started eating quinoa, the difference was noticeable right away.  I was able to lose     6 lbs. in my first 5 days on the plan.  Of course once you see those results it motivates     you to keep going.  I've since lost the 15 more lbs. of baby weight that I was trying     to get rid of for over 3 years!  And the best part is, it tastes delicious and takes     seconds to prepare.  I just add quinoa to my regular meals."  -
LeAnne M. Sioux Falls,     SD
Yup, that's all it took!
 
"Discover How Everyday People are Losing 7 Lbs. In 7 Days Using an
All-
Natural Product From The Mountains Of South America"
 
Experts Call This Virtually Secret and Protein Rich Grain The Most Nutritionally Sound & Tastiest Food In The World!
 
 
Dear Friend,
Of course you want to lose weight, who doesn't?  Even if you're in good shape you     know that getting rid of that extra 10 or 15 lbs. wouldn't hurt, right?  But you've     tried so many different diets and weight loss 'miracle' cures you don't know who     or what to believe anymore.  More than anything else, you just want to regain that     figure you once had such pride in ... and you should!
 
That's where I come in.  My name is Stan Goetz and I'm a diet and fitness specialist.
Stan Goetz
 
 
P.S. If you continue to fad diet, go to the gym twice a month, or try some factory     produced chemicals you're going to get the same results. What I'm offering you is     the easiest, most risk-
free way to try the Quinoa Super Diet so you can see for yourself     how our secret (not for long!) gift from the Andes Mts. and can help you lose weight     faster than you ever have, give you more energy and self esteem and help you achieve     the body you have always wanted.
