Source: Johnson and Croissant (1990).
E. Water Requirements:
This crop is somewhat drought tolerant with a water requirement of 10 to 15 in. per year (precipitation and irrigation combined on sandy-loam or loamy-sand soils). Studies on crop water use conducted during 1987 in Colorado found that the application of lower amounts of water reduced plant height by 50% with only an 18% reduction in yield. Crops planted during late April to mid-May in Colorado did not usually need irrigation until mid-June when the soil was near field capacity at planting time. Plants should not be irrigated until the two- or three-leaf stage. Rainfall in July has usually been sufficient during Colorado research trials to supply the crop until August. Excessive irrigation after stand establishment usually produces tall, lanky plants with no yield improvement. Damping off and severe stunting of plants will occur with excessive irrigation in the seedling stages.
F. Variety Selection:
The Agricultural Experiment Station at Colorado State University has developed a yellow-seeded variety, CO407, which is the only registered variety that is available (Table 5). This variety was derived from plants that came from Chile and was released in 1987. 'CO407' typically has a short height, early maturity (100 days after planting), compact seed head, and resists grain shattering. This variety has a rich, nutty flavor and 16.5 to 18% protein, which is higher than other types that have averaged 12.5 to 14%. The nutty flavor of the flour made from this variety complements those of other grain flours when it comprises as little as 15 to 30% of a product. The pericarp with its coating of saponins is removed effectively by abrasion rather than washing. Three other varieties, CO409, Cahuil, and CO407 Black, have good yield potential based on field performance in southern Colorado.
G. Weed control:
Weed control in quinoa fields is difficult since plants grow slowly during the first two weeks after emergence. In commercial fields of southern Colorado, pigweed, kochia, lambsquarters, and sunflower have been the most common weeds. Wild mustard and sunflower can be a problem since it is not possible to separate them from quinoa seed. There are no registered herbicides for quinoa at this time. Preemergence herbicide trials have been conducted in field and greenhouse locations in Colorado. Several herbicides were used safely on quinoa, but were variable in weed control.
Competition from weeds is greater when quinoa is planted later in the growing season. Kochia and lambsquarters numbers can be reduced when field irrigation is followed by cultivation before seeding. Pigweed emerges too late in the growing season to depend on cultivation for weed control. Early planting may be the most effective means to control pigweed since the quinoa will have a good start in growth before the pigweed emerges.
H. Diseases:
Disease and pest problems may arise after a crop like quinoa is introduced to a new production area. Viruses found on spinach or beets have been observed in quinoa fields. Many of these viruses are transmitted by aphids or leafhoppers. Several of the viruses tested produce symptoms, yet research needs to be conducted to determine if any cause significant damage. Diseases such as damping off (Sclerotium rolfsii), downy mildew (Peronospora farinosa), stalk rot (Phoma exigua var. foveata), leaf spot (Ascochyta hyalospora), grey mold (Botrytis cinerea), and bacterial blight (Pseudomonas sp.) have also caused significant losses in South America, North America, and Great Britain.
I. Insects and Other Pests:
A wide variety of insect pests can damage quinoa during seed germination up through harvest and seed storage in production areas of South America. Insect pests observed in North America include flea beetles and a wide variety of caterpillars (insect larvae). Flea beetles and aphids caused damage in quinoa trials conducted in Minnesota (Robinson, 1986). The sugarbeet root aphid (Pemphigus populivenae) has significantly reduced yields in isolated research fields of Colorado. Since this crop requires little water, the soil will crack and allow aphids access to the roots. There are no pesticides cleared for use on quinoa. The best control method for this aphid is to irrigate fields when winged forms appear in leaf-petiole galls of cottonwoods and poplars (overwintering habit) in early summer. The "quinoa plant bug" (Melanotrichus sp.) and the beet armyworm (Spodoptera exigua) have also reduced yields in some research fields. Bacillus thuringiensis, a naturally occurring bacterium that controls certain insect larvae, can be used to control the defoliating caterpillars. Entomologists at Colorado State University, do not consider insect problems to be a yield-limiting factor for quinoa production at this time.
Seed in the panicle is subject to feeding losses by birds. Quinoa, like some other grains, evolved a chemical defense against the feeding activity of insects and animals with the production of bitter saponins in the pericarp. However, saponins are easily washed out by rain and may not totally prevent feeding losses.
J. Harvesting:
Plants have a sorghum-like seed head at maturity. Harvest usually begins when the seed can barely be dented with a fingernail and plants have dried, turned a pale yellow or red color, and leaves have dropped. The seed should thresh easily by hand at this time. Field dry down is usually acceptable and plants are harvested easily with a combine. A sorghum header attachment is recommended for quinoa, although platform headers can usually be used as well, without a large crop loss. Cylinder speed and air flow of combines are usually greatly reduced. Smaller screens are used than with cereal grains due to the small size and lighter weight of quinoa seed. A fanning mill and gravity separator is usually necessary to remove trash from the seed after combining. Grain must be dry before storage. Quinoa stover contains little fiber and subsequently provides little crop residue.
Rain during harvest will cause problems since mature seed will germinate within 24 hours after exposure to moisture.
K. Drying and Storage:
The seed must remain dry during storage. Prior to using quinoa in food processing, the saponins in the pericarp are removed by soaking them in water or by mechanical methods, such as with a rice polisher or a machine similar to those used to remove wheat bran.
VI. Yield Potential and Performance Results:
Most quinoa used in North America is imported from South America. Research on developing quinoa as a crop for North American agriculture is being conducted in Colorado. The first commercial crop was produced in Colorado in 1987. Average yields were about 1,000 lb/acre, produced on fields that ranged from 10 to 80 acres in size. The variety CO407 has given consistent yields of 1,200 lb/acre in Colorado field trials, while other lines have yielded from 1,421 to 1,739 lb/acre (Table 5). Yields that exceed 1,800 lb/acre in research trials are possible with adequate stands, fertility, moisture, and weed control. This crop has the potential to be produced on 6,000 acres in Colorado at elevations above 7,000 ft (Robinson, 1986). Quinoa planted by Robinson in Minnesota grew about two feet tall but did not flower and produce seed, as high summer temperatures probably caused the plants to become dormant. Quinoa lines grown in 1991 at Rosemont also did not set seed (Putnam, D.H., pers. com.).
Table 5. Performance of selected quinoa varieties in research trials conducted during 1987 in south central Colorado1.
Landraces/Lines
