Iron
 
*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower based on your calorie needs.
Product Description
About the Brand
Bob Moore's secret to life may just be "work hard and keep it simple." Living this philosophy, Bob literally puts his nose to the grindstone every day. Bob's Red Mill Natural Foods is an Oregon-based company that utilizes simple, old-world technology to mill hundreds of all-natural whole grain products.
Bob's Red Mill is dedicated to the manufacturing of natural foods in the natural way. In their own words: "With all the sophisticated knowledge of recent times, no machinery has yet been developed that grinds grains into flour quite as well as our flint-hard quartz millstones quarried in France and used by discriminating millers since early Roman times."
"Our well-dressed (sharpened) sets of millstones turn the highest quality wheat into a finer, better baking bread flour than all the hammer mills, steel roller mills, steel buhr mills, or pulverizers ever built! These slow turning millstones grind the bran, endosperm, and germ (containing its nutritious wheat germ oil) into flour in a cool natural way, creating a more assimilable food."
Bob's Red Mill stone grinds all common and most uncommon grains into flours and meals on its over 100-year-old mills. They mix them into an astounding array of unique cereals, pancake and waffle mixes, machine and hand-made bread mixes, quick bread mixes, gluten-free mixes, and specialty grain products.
Product Description
The supergrain ancient food for today. 100% whole grain. Excellent source. Whole Grain Quinoa is the most nutritious of all grain. It's high in fiber, a good source of Iron, and has all eight essential amino acids. So, it's no wonder that it was a primary staple of the ancient Incas of South America. Quinoa has a delicate nutty flavor and is very easy to prepare, Widely versatile, it's great by itself or in any recipe that calls for whole grain. Our Quinoa has been thoroughly rinsed and air dried to remove the naturally occurring bitter saponins, so it can be used without rinsing. USDA organic. Certified 100% organic by QAI. All natural. Bob's Red Mill products labeled gluten free are batch tested in our quality control laboratory. We use an Elisa Gluten Assay test to determine if a product is gluten free. Quinoa is perfect for entrees, Elisa and salads calling for whole grains. It is light and delicious while being quick and easy to prepare. An ever-increasing number of people with food allergies find that organic Quinoa permits a more normal diet.
Product Details
Shipping Weight: 7 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies )
Shipping: Currently, item can be shipped only within the U.S.
ASIN: B000EDG3UE
