Quinoa Snack Bars
by Kristin on April 5, 2010
I’m so grateful for the abundance of information out there in the wide webby world.  My baptism into a gluten-free/dairy-free kitchen has been pretty smooth, so far.  Mostly because of the amazing bloggers who so generously share their talents and tricks for creating yummy treats without the not-so-yummy irritants.
Snacks for the Littles have been the most challenging part of the new regime.  Cranky, after-school Littles need snacks.  And I need something to fill the Clif Kid ZBar and Annie’s Cheddar Bunnies void that so often filled their tummies on the way home from school.
This weekend I did a little spring cleaning and gave away all my baking and cooking supplies that contained wheat, gluten, and dairy.  The cupboard was bare, but quickly filled up with some suspicious looking characters.
Toto, something tells me we’re not in Kansas anymore!
Seriously?!?  I have sorghum flour and xanthan gum in my pantry.  (P.S. Spell check doesn’t even recognize the word xanthan).  With the goal of creating yummy, healthy snacks, the Littles and I have been on a baking experimentation frenzy.  I bake. They taste.  So far? We have three delicious winners — all scoring four thumbs up!
Hands down, Quinoa Snack Bars are our new favorite on-the-go snack.  I found the recipe at The Gluten-Free Goddess .  Heaven help us if the rest of her recipes are as divine as this one.  She is already a goddess in my book.  My version is not egg-free, but check out her original masterpiece if you and eggs are not currently seeing each other.  I made a couple tweaks, but really these bars leave little room for improvement.  Even if you aren’t intolerant, allergic, or sensitive (really what is the pc term?) to gluten or dairy, you must try these bars.  They are loaded with goodness from the quinoa flakes and flaxseed.  And if my picky Littles love them, chances are yours will too.
I cut the bars into small 2-inch squares, individually wrap them, and keep them in the snack drawer of the fridge.  They freeze really well, too,  and only take about 20 minutes to defrost at room temperature. These bars are perfect to toss into backpacks, lunch boxes, and gym bags.  For the record, we are on our third batch of Quinoa Snack Bars in one week.  And to think, only one short month ago, I would have let spell check auto correct xanthan to Xanadu .
Quinoa Snack Bars
1/2 cup organic quinoa flour
1/2 cup potato starch
