39 Michelle
Since my mother was raised in Peru, my Mommy makes me quinoa all the time! And it is really cheap for us. My mom gets quinoa really cheap in latin markets since most food is really cheap there, though; try finding one locally! But since quinoa is an export, grocery stores they probably inflated the price on it. We get it for 425 grams (15 ounces) for $4.
My mom has a traditional recipe i want to share with you all. I, myself, enjoy it immensely!
1.) first, you cook the grain like you would rice in a pot of 2 cups of water on medium for lowering the temperature to low when it reaches a boil for 20 to 30 minutes.
2.) Then, you mince onions separately into extremely thin bits (or chop into big pieces if you like onions).
3.) Cook your onions in olive oil on medium and add 2 teaspoons of panca pepper paste* (if you like spice, though, add 2 tablespoons instead) in the pot (not frying pan) along with the onions. Mix all your ingredients so far really well.
4.)Pour in evaporate milk to your onion and panca pepper paste mixture.
5.)Pour in your quinoa into the milk mixture and mix until creamy. While it is still hot, add in shredded mozzarella cheese.
6.) after the cheese has mostly melted, serve it on a plate and voila.
*panca pepper paste is a Peruvian pepper that adds a sweet but slightly spicy zest of flavor. It is really great enhancement to dishes because of it’s sharp intensity. (and it’s great if you can’t handle spicey food which I can’t!)
I have been eating quinoa ever since I was a little girl as was my mom and I never thought it had such great nutritional value! Thanks for the information and hope you enjoy the recipe.
xoxo Michelle
40 Melanie
Hi Michelle,
Thank you so much for taking the time to share your recipe. I would like to give this a go. I imagine this would be good with lots of different vegetables added to it as well, like mushrooms, and courgettes. Thanks again for sharing.
41 Maggie
I just made a quinoa tabouli salad for a potluck and got rave reviews! I cooked the quinoa and let it cool, then added diced cucumber, tomatoes, green onions, and a little olive oil and salt and pepper. It was delicious! Topped some of it with a little zatar, which was also great. My vegan friends loved it too!
42 Jackie-O
I just bought some quinoa today! Thinking about having it with some spinach and salsa and corn in a whole wheat wrap tomorrow for lunch : ).Or…maybe having it for breakfast. I am contemplating that delicious spinach smoothie with protein powder though. hmmmm
43 Arlene
I just bought some Quinoa today and made a salad. I did rinse it and left it cool slightly.  Added cherry tomatoes, chopped celery, shallots, cucumber diced, sun-dried tomatoes, sliced almonds, Fat free feta, and some mandarin oranges. Also cut up some fresh basil, parsley, and mint.  I mixed up a dressing with Lemon white balsamic, fresh lemon juice with some grated lemon rind, some plain olive oil with a dash of blood orange olive oil. Added about 1 tsp of Penzey’s French Vinegatte spice.
Really enjoyed it. Planning to take it to work for lunch.  I have quite a bit of the plain quinoa left over, so I am sure I will find something to do with that. Enjoy Everyone.
44 Melanie
Hi Arlene,
That sounds wonderful, you have inspired me to get some Quinoa again, it’s been a while since I had some.
45 LaGal
Actually I was searching what Quinoa is because I just bought Trader Joe’s Organic Whole Grain Drink, it has Quinoa as one of the ingredient.  Seems like Quinoa is really beneficial.
46 Christian Leonard
I just finished having my first helping of Quinoa (in the form of Yucatan Style Quinoa Salad) from a place in Asheville, NC called GreenLife. I loved it.
Thanks for the article. It always seems to make food taste better when you know how good it is for you.
47 Melanie
lol Christian. I wish everyone thought like you. Some are of the opinion it tastes worse if it is “healthy.”
48 Pam
We’ve been eating quinoa in my home for years for breakfast, lunch & dinner.  Last week I added chopped onion, garlic, red pepper, scallions, sliced mushrooms, & chopped yellow squash to boiling low-fat chicken broth – then added quinoa.  Covered and cooked about 15 minutes, then added chopped cilantro, lime juice, shrimp and scallops – covered and cooked for 8-10 minutes longer…..delicious!!!  I love using fresh ginger & Asian chili sauce with it, too!
