Heidi August 12th, 2008
I love quinoa!
I make a savory version prepared as you describe as above.  Then I add a tiny bit of basil-infused olive oil, some roasted red peppers (chopped), salt, pepper, a handful of fresh basil broken into little bits, some fresh lemon juice, and about a quarter cup of parmesan cheese.  Delish by itself or served as a side/salad with some grilled chicken.  Can be served warm, chilled, or at room temp.
I also make a version with fresh corn, black beans, cilantro, a can of rotelle – or fresh tomatoes & chilies (when I have them around) and lime juice. I serve this wrapped up in corn tortillas.
Kerry August 12th, 2008
@Hedy Yum! So do I! I’m a little strange through, I eat it for breakfast like oatmeal, with apple slices and cinnamon.
@Heidi Ok, those recipes sound delicious. My “better half” often wraps quinoa into a tortilla.
Sean August 12th, 2008
I do no like quinoa’s smell so I mix it oat, spelt and kasha. I love the mixture in the morning. Another meal that I make is with wheat. I buy soft or hard kernel wheat and soak it in water over night for 10 hrs (preferably Friday). Saturday morning, I make a puree and heat it over low temp with some salt. You need extra water and need to mix it evenly and frequently to avoid burning. After it thickens I add some cinemmon and let it cool. Then serve with banana or apple. A good butter makes a very rich smell. enjoy.
Beth August 12th, 2008
I like to steam it using a yunnan clay pot cooker and it turns out great! i also like to substitute it for rice in a risotto and for coucous in a tabbouleh-style salad. yum.
SP August 17th, 2008
Trader Joe’s sells quinoa, though price recently jumped from 2.50/lb to 3.99/lb in soCal.  Yikes!  I like to eat it like oatmeal, mixed with milk and banana for breakfast.
Francois Viljoen September 11th, 2008
I bought my first packet of quinoa a while ago, mainly for it’s protein content.
It’s a great alternative to rice / pasta!!
A.J. November 1st, 2008
This post has been in the back of my mind for months, but I finally went to the local grocery store and hunted down some quinoa.
It was sorta pricey, about $7 for a small box, but it’s delicious! I’ll need to visit some other grocery stores and see if I can find it cheaper.
Kerry November 1st, 2008
@A.J. So happy you like it! Quinoa is an excellent source of protein! I buy mine in bulk, without a brand, so it’s A LOT cheaper. I’d say at $7 a box, your brand is probably being sold as a “specialty” product, therefore more expensive.
Mandi January 12th, 2009
Sautee kale, spinach and swiss chard with garlic. Add these vegetables along with fresh, raw cucumbers, tomatoes and avocados to cooked quinoa. Season with Braggs. Amazing and so many good greens!
Daddyo March 15th, 2009
I bought a pound of bulk quinoa at the store, not sure how to tell if it’s been pre washed?
Kerry March 15th, 2009
@Daddyo Great question. I’ve only found the pre-washed quinoa in bulk stores. If you look in the photo above the pre-washed variety is pictured on the left side. If yours looks different, I would suggest soaking it for a while to remove the husks. Hope this helps.
Daddyo March 15th, 2009
Oh, big difference. (looking at the picture). I see the husks now. I wasn’t clear on what was in the bowl on the right, silly me.
I have the pre-washed stuff.
Thanks Soooo much.
BTW   WHO lists quinoa as one of the super foods.
Kerry March 16th, 2009
@Daddyo Ahh. The quinoa pictured on the right is cooked. It gets really fluffy when done.
Catgurl October 16th, 2009
I also have just discovered Quinoa and really like it.  I got mine from Costco for about $8.99 a bag of 1.36kg, and it was the pre-washed organic kind too, so even better!
I just cook mine in the rice cooker and have it in a container in the fridge.  When I have soups or stews, I add a few spoonfuls.  Tastes yummy and really hits the spot!
My mom also mentioned that they make dessert out if quinoa as well in my home country.  We cook it with coconut milk and sugar.  I will have to try it and let you know what it tastes like!
Terry September 15th, 2010
Does anyone have a recommendation for how to use as a substitute for breading when deep frying? I had an excellent dish of shrimp coated in quinoa.
Brenda May 29th, 2012
I made “MaQui & cheese” the other day – a version of macaroni & cheese using quinoa – it was delicious.  My husband loved it and no bg spike!
Leave a Reply
Mail (will not be published) (required)
Website
