Less
How I Discovered This Tasty Berry
Several years ago, when my husband was first diagnosed with a wheat allergy, I began searching for suitable replacements for my baking and cooking. I had seen bags of Quinoa in the grocery store before but never paid very much attention to it. After reading a cookbook geared towards allergen-free baking and reading about Quinoa, I decided to try it out. Wow! This is one tasty and handy ingredient to keep in the pantry. We've learned how to make tortillas (so easy) with Quinoa flour, use it in all of our soups and stews, and enjoy hot Quinoa cereal with maple syrup on chilly winter mornings. I've also found commercially made Quinoa crackers which can be crushed up for breading on meats and can turn out a quick crust for desserts.
Important!
"The Gold of The Incas"
Quinoa was the most valuable crop of the Incas. Warriors were sustained by eating a mixture of Quinoa and fat called "War Balls". It kept them very well nourished and capable of enduring long marches.
Quinoa 101 With Dani Spies
Quinoa 101
by danispies | video info
590 ratings |     156,587 views
In this video I explain everything you need to know about Quinoa.  Learn how to shop, store, prep and cook this super nutritious seed.  If you guys like the videos please LIKE, SUBSCRIBE, and/or SHARE them with your friends! The more people we can reach the more videos we can make! Thanks!!  To print out the complete recipe visit: http://cleananddelicious.com/  Official Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/CleanAndDeliciousWithDaniSpies  Twitter: @DaniSpies  Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/danispies/
curated content from YouTube
Cookbooks Featuring Quinoa
Boost Your Protein With Quinoa
Quinoa is one of the precious few vegetable sources of a complete protein complement. It contains all of the necessary amino acids that humans need in thier diet. This is great news for vegans and vegetarians as well, because it really adds some variety and flexibility to the diet. For those who are allergic to soy or don't like the taste, they will be pleasantly surprised by the light and slightly nutty flavor of Quinoa. For those who cannot tolerate barley, you can substitue with Quinoa and in most dishes (like soups), it won't change the flavor at all. It just adds superior nutrition and great texture.
Nutritional Information
Complete Nutritional Profile of Quinoa here
You'll Need To See It For Yourself........
One note about using Quinoa in soups and stews - it looks a little weird when cooked. Kind of like tiny, white, curly hairs. That's the best way I know of to describe it. It doesn't have an odd texture in your mouth or anything like that, it just is funny looking.
Also, most books say that Quinoa flour isn't really great for breading, but I've discovered that if you cook it first (like a cracker or torilla) and then smash it up, it works really well!
Different Types of Quinoa Products Are Available
Tortillas and Tortilla Chips
Quinoa flour makes really good tortillas! Just mix the quinoa flour with water and use a tortilla press to flatten. Oven bake just a touch for a wrap or burrito or fry for a corn tortilla. You can even cut the tortillas in to pieces and refry until crispy for your own yummy chips!
Raw Quinoa
Raw Quinoa fresh off the plant has a very strong bitter coating of saponins. Most Quinoa that you buy in stores has had this coating striped off before packaging. Mechanical abrasion is used to remove it but you still need to rinse the whole berries before you cook them. Prepackaged quinoa has usually been polished or pre-rinsed, but relying on preprocessing is risky. Saphonin dust often remains in polished grain and it does not taste pleasant.
To clean, put the quinoa into a fine strainer and run water through it, or stir it in a bowl of cold water and pour it through a clean kitchen towel. Repeat the process until the water runs clear and is no longer sudsy. This is not necessary with Quinoa flour.
How To Cook Quinoa
