Can i add flax seed to the bread?
dorothy smith
can i make this bread using the dough cycle on my bread machine?
Nancy
I just mastered making Ezekiel bread last week, using multiple grains and legumes ground into the flour.  Now I am intrigued by the prospect of quinoa bread…definitely my next project.
Jessica
April 17th, 2011 on 10:00 am
Just wanted to say thanks for this recipe. I’ve made this a few times now, and it is so delicious! I like to use a mix of regular (white) quinoa and red or black quinoa, which add a unique splay of color from the grains. Sometimes I make it into a breakfast bread by adding walnuts and dried fruit and a mashed banana. It’s yummy that way too!
Hana
Delicious! Thank you. Though I definitely burnt the bottom of my loaf! What kind of pan did you use?
Emily
Can you use milk substitutes for this recipe? ie Soy, Hemp, Rice?
I guess you can
January 11th, 2011 on 7:37 pm
I hope to try this bread very soon. I have just gotten into making more of my own breads and eating healthier– too much extra stuff in store-bought foods. My son and husband love quinoa, so I expect they would love this bread! Thank you for posting this! I am also going to try the cheese bread!
Lisa Cook
November 14th, 2010 on 10:35 am
I made this yesterday and it was a hit at an event we took it to.  We don’t care much for quinoa as a grain by itself, but it makes a wonderfully moist bread.  I only added 3 TB of honey and I think I could even reduce it to 2 TB and it would be just as good.  Also, I did not sprinkle quinoa on the outside of the bread as I was afraid we wouldn’t care for the taste.  Even my picky 13-year-old liked it!  I think I will make another loaf today.
Mara
August 12th, 2010 on 1:25 pm
Just made this bread with leftover quinoa. It tastes great! I used 1 1/4 tsp salt as cooked quinoa was slightly saltet, though I think 1 tsp would have been enough. I felt it didn’t need all the honey, and I used slightly less than called for. A VERY moist and tasty bread, will make this again!
Thank you so much for the feedback. I absolutely loved this bread too and keep making it often enough
If you are interested, I would love to showcase this recipe feedback in the website for other readers to see and benefit. You can copy paste this very same feedback here – http://chefinyou.com/i-made-this/?recipeid=2904
mika
