Botanical name: Chenopodium quinoa Willd.
Family: Chenopodiaceae
Common names. English: quinoa, quinua; Quechua: quinua. kiuna (Ecuador, Peru. Bolivia): Aymara jiura (Bolivia); Mapuche: quinhua (Chile): Chibcha: suba (Colombia)
The quinoa is a food plant which was extensively cultivated in the Andean region by pre-Columbian cultures some 5 000 years ago and was used in the diet of the settlers both of the inter-Andean valleys. which are very cold high areas, and of the high plateaus. After maize, it has occupied the most prominent place among Andean grains.
At present, it continues to be grown in Colombia. Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Chile and Argentina. Its marginalization began with the introduction of cereals such as barley and wheat, which eventually replaced it.
The reduction in its cultivated area in the Andean countries is also due to technical, economic and social reasons. Harvesting and threshing, which in the majority of cases are done by hand, take a great many days and the grain requires a process to remove its bitter ingredients before consumption. The prices received by farmers often do not justify their labour.
Uses and nutritional value
The parts of Chenopodium quinoa used as human food include the grain, the young leaves up to where ear formation begins (the protein content of the ear is as much as 3.3 percent in the dry matter) and, less frequently, the young ears.
The plants nutritional value is considerable: the content and quality of its proteins are outstanding because of their essential amino acid composition (lysine, arginine, histidine and methionine); its biological value is comparable to casein and it is especially suitable for food mixtures with legumes and cereals.
Of the Andean grains, Quinoa is the most versatile from the point of view of culinary preparation: the whole grain, the uncooked or roasted flour, small leaves, meal and instant powder can be prepared in a number of ways.
There are numerous recipes on about 100 preparations, including tamales, huancaína sauce, leaf salad, pickled quinoa ears, soups and casseroles, stews, torrejas pastries. sweets and desserts and soft and fermented, hot and colts, beverages, as well as breads, biscuits and pancakes, which contain 15 to 20 percent of quinoa flour.
The whole plant is used as green fodder Harvest residues are also used to feed cattle, sheep, pigs, horses and poultry.
The leaves, stems and grain have medicinal uses and the properties attributed to it include cicatrization, anti-inflammation, analgesia against toothache and as a disinfectant of the urinary tract. It is also used in the case of fractures and internal haemorrhaging and as an insect repellent.
Its production potential is good. Because of this, its cultivation is spreading to other countries. With adequate soil preparation, fertilization and pest and disease control, yields of more than 3 to 4 tonnes per hectare can be obtained.
Botanical description
Quinoa is an annual herbaceous plant, measuring 0.20 to 3 m in height, depending on environmental conditions and genotype. It has a racemose inflorescence (a panicle with groups of flowers in glomerules); small, incomplete, sessile flowers of the same colour as the sepals and they may be hermaphrodite, pistillate or male sterile. The stamens have short filaments bearing basifixed anthers; the style has two or three feathery stigmas.
The fruit occurs in an indehiscent achene, protected by the perigonium. The seeds are 1 to 2.6 mm and are white, yellow, red, purple, brown or black. The leaves show pronounced polymorphism: rhomboid, deltoid or triangular. The taproot is densely branched.
Ecology and phytogeography
The cycle varies from 120 to 240 days and is suited to various environmental conditions. The phenological phases are emergence; two, four and six true leaves; branching; start of ear formation; full formation of ear; start of florescence; florescence or anthesis; woody grain; soft grain; and physiological maturity.
The quinoa has the ability to adapt to adverse environmental conditions such as cold and drought. Its seeds do not exhibit dormancy and they germinate when conditions are suitable, even on the plant itself although, in the wild forms, they may remain in the soil for two to three years without germinating.
Quinoa's traditional cultivation area extends from lat. 8°N to lat. 30°S, as the plant adapts to different conditions of humidity, altitude and topography. Its requirements are:
Precipitation. This depends on the agro-ecological zone and the genotype to which it belongs. It varies from 250 mm (the area of salt deposits in Bolivia) to 1 500 mm in the inter-Andean valleys. Although it shows strong resistance in periods of drought, it requires sufficient humidity at the commencement of cultivation.
Temperature. It tolerates down to -5°C in the branching phase, depending on the ecotype and the duration of the minimum temperature. Its ontogenic resistance to cold and drought is very variable. Ecotypes exist which are resistant to temperatures of down to -8°C and survive for 20 days (mean monthly temperature).
Soil. It prefers easily worked, semi-deep soils, with good drainage and a supply of nutrients. It is suited to acid soils with a pH of 4.5 (in Cajamarca, Peru) and alkaline soils with a pH of up to 9.5 (in Uyuni, Bolivia), depending on the ecotype. Acceptable production is also obtained both on sandy and clayey soils.
 
 
Quinoa Powerful Nutrition
1.- Organic. Quinoa is literally grown by hand. It is 100% organic. The cooperatives have strict control measures in place with Internacional Survey Agencies to assure this…
 
2.- Gluten free. Quinoa is gluten free and considered an ideal food for those prone to food allergies.
Common allergens incluye grains from the grass family such as corn and wheat. Quinoa, a leafy grain, is not in the grass family, making it beneficial for people who cannot tolerate common grains like wheat, corn, rye, barley, and oats. (In some countries as much as 4% of the population are diagnosed as celiacs.
3.- High protein.- Quinoa can have as much as 22% protein, compared to common wheat at 14%, rye at 12% and brown rice at 7%.
4.- High qualityof protein.- Most grains are deficient in the aminoacid Lysine. Because quinoa has an adequate quantity of lysine, it is considered to contain all the essential amino acids, making it a complete protein. In fact, the United Nations Food and Agricultura considers Quinoa equal to milk in its quality of protein.
 
5.- Impressive vitamins and minerals. Quinoa possesses larger quantities of magnesium, calcium, iron, phosphorus, B vitamins and E Vitamins than most other grains.
 
6.- High in soluble dietary fiber. Besides just high levels of fiber. Quinoa contains a lot of soluble dietary fiber. This type of fiber helps to reduce the speed with which sugars flow into your bloodstream, and in turn reduces the risk of cardiovascular diseases.
 
QUINOA'S THE KING OF THE GRAINS 100% ORGANIC
Celiac is a digestive disorder in which the small intestine has a toxic reaction to gluten, a protein commonly found in wheat and other grains.
Treatment consists of a gluten free diet for life, which leads to a full recovery in most cases.
 
For more information, please contact
Juan Pablo Castedo
Phone Cel:(591) 78182982 - Santa Cruz-Bolivia
 
* If the human being should have to depend in only one substance to survive, the best option is the "Quinoa". Durante Jonson UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO - - - - - - You can order our Red Quinoa It has a rich red color and more texture. Try mixing the Traditional Quinoa Royal and Quinoa Red together for a festive look or just have it by itself for a great new look to your quinoa dish.
 
