Insulin resistance
Researchers attribute the health benefits of quinoa to its complete nutritional makeup.
Quinoa is close to one of the most complete foods in nature because it contains amino acids, enzymes, vitamins and minerals, fiber, antioxidants, and phytonutrients.
Quinoa: A Body Ecology Grain
We recommend quinoa because it does not feed fungal and bacterial infections in your body (and doctors estimate that 8 in 10 Americans have fungal infections, like candia!)1.
Quinoa has other qualities that make it an ideal "grain":
Quinoa acts as a  prebiotic that feeds the microflora (good bacteria) in your intestines.
Quinoa is easily digested for optimal absorption of nutrients.
Quinoa is gluten-free and safe for those with gluten intolerance, people on a celiac diet, and for autistic children who follow the Body Ecology program for autism.
To learn more about Body Ecology "grains" read  The Risks of Consuming Typical Grains & the Healthy Grains to Choose Instead .
Quinoa in the Kitchen
Quinoa is especially easy to cook and can be enjoyed year-round because it's versatile and light. You can use it in warming winter soups or refreshing summer salads.
Make sure you rinse your quinoa and then soak for at least 8 hours to remove the phytic acid that can prevent proper digestion.
We like to add  B.E. Wholegrain Liquid to the soaking water to add some beneficial bacteria and further soften the "grains" before cooking.
Cook quinoa 15 minutes or less, and it's ready to mix with a variety of ingredients to create diverse and delicious meals.
Here are some ideas for your next quinoa meal:
Sautee garlic, onions, and spinach with coconut oil to top your quinoa.
Make a summery salad by chopping raw carrots, zucchini, cultured vegetables, and onions over quinoa.
Use quinoa with vegetable broth and your choice of vegetables for a nutritious soup.
Make a rich gravy for your quinoa for a satisfying alternative. This  gravy recipe is easy and delicious.
Quinoa, a delicious gluten free grain-like seed, is full of nutrients and acts as a prebiotic to feed the healthy microflora in your intestines. Get high quality, organic quinoa delivered to your door today!
Quinoa makes a great breakfast meal and can be enjoyed in its wholegrain form or try  quinoa flakes hot cereal as a wonderful replacement for oatmeal!
We also recommend eating quinoa in the evening. It is the ideal easy-to-digest food to eat in the evening because it encourages a good night's sleep.
To aid your digestion even more, be sure to add fermented foods and drinks, like  cultured vegetables and probiotic liquids .
Quinoa can be your superfood: regulating your blood sugar, enhancing elimination, and keeping your heart healthy. Add this "mother grain" to your diet and enjoy the health benefits of quinoa, just like the Incas did thousands of years ago.
Sources:
