You could use other grains such as buckwheat or barley , instead of quinoa.
This recipe yields exactly 20 quinoa patties (using an ice cream scoop).
Xanthan gum is a fine powder used as a binder and emulsifier. If you look at the list of ingredients for salad dressings and ice cream at the supermarket, you'll find that they contain xanthan gum. I use it for texture and as an egg white substitute. You can find it online or in any specialty food store such as Whole   Foods.
I use liquid   lecithin as an egg yolk substitute. You can also find this online or in specialty food stores like Whole Foods. You can replace both the xanthan gum and lecithin with two lightly beaten eggs.
How to caramelize onions: Heat about 1 tablespoon of oil in a non-stick pan. Add thinly sliced onions. Cook over medium-low heat for about 10-15 minutes, stirring frequently to prevent the onion from burning, until the color is evenly golden brown. To save time, I often have already-caramelized onions on hand in the freezer. I suggest making them in advance in large batches. Just place about 1 tablespoon of tightly packed fried onions per slot in an ice-cube tray and freeze them. Transfer the ice-cubes into sealable plastic bags and place back in the freezer. I think it's the best way to keep the flavor without getting freezer burn.
For a vegan version, omit the cheese and butter. The butter adds a nutty flavor to the patties when pan-fried.
You could also store the remaining un-seared quinoa patties in the  freezer. Using a tray, chill the patties (placing little squares of  parchment underneath each patty) for about 1 hour in the freezer. Once  hardened, stack the patties with the parchment squares between them to  prevent them from sticking to each other. Place the stack in a large  re-sealable bag (remove as much air as possible from the bag). The patties can be stored up to 1 month in the freezer. Don't forget to label  your food with the date!
You could also serve these as mini appetizers making mini sandwiches.
Published By: Jacqueline Pham on July 29, 2011.
