By Ken H Jones
The ancient seed of Quinoa is so versatile and such an important source of nutrients that it has been referred to as the "gold" of the Incas.  It is known to increase stamina, a useful aid in days gone by when "warriors" needed every bit of advantage they could get when their "people" were under attack.
However, such is the structure of Quinoa, it has the benefit of being a natural and complete protein.   This means that it has all the amino acids like acid lysine which is very important for the repair and growth of body tissue.   As shown below, it is known to be beneficial to the body in a number of ways - nature's natural remedy.
Migraines and hypertension
Riboflavin and magnesium are the natural aids in Quinoa for bad headaches.  They are known to help relax the blood vessels, which reduces constriction and so eases tension. Basically they help the body to function better which in turn eases the stress the body experiences when circumstances make it over work.  While no one claims it makes headaches go away, it can help and is known to reduce the frequency of migraine attacks.
Childhood Asthma
Many allergies are connected with grass seeds but Quinoa is not a grass.  It is a plant but is not known to produce serious allergic reactions in people.  Asthma is the result of breathing difficulties that are made worse by tension.  It is known to have triggers and often there is a family history of asthma.  It is known to have got worse over the years and many experts point to our modern living conditions as making it more prevalent.  While not all asthma attacks are caused by allergies which may or may not be avoidable, it is known that Quinoa helps to reduce body stress and helps to keep the airways open.  It is recommended that children with asthma eat a whole food diet.  Many of the nutrients that we need are in Quinoa such as Magnesium which naturally helps to reduce spasms in the bronchial tubes.  We know that many asthma sufferers are short of vitamin b, minerals like magnesium, zinc and iron all of which can be found in Quinoa.  Why not check out some of the recipes and see which ones are easiest to include in your child's diet.
Gallstones
This is another surprising area where Quinoa is known to be useful.  It may not get rid of gallstones but it can help protect their development.   Indeed this is another case where a wholesome diet rich in fiber can aid in the digestion of foodstuffs.  As it is a soluble fiber it speeds through the intestines and reduces the need of increased bile production. Too much bile production helps to develop gallstones so this is another natural remedy for our bodies.
Type 2 Diabetes
Quinoa is rich in magnesium which is a mineral that is essential in the body's ability to deal with glucose and insulin.  Yet again there is evidence that Quinoa, as part of a whole food diets aids in the digestion of foods.  It is also known to increase Insulin sensitivity while reducing triglycerides (blood fats which need to be kept low in diabetics).
Heart Disease
Quinoa is known to prevent the clogging of arteries and veins which in turn helps to relieve stresses on the heart.  The fat in Quinoa is good fat in that is low in cholesterol and can help reduce blood pressure thanks to the presence of potassium and magnesium.  In other words it is a good source of protein without the drawbacks of too much saturated fat and cholesterol.
Pregnant Mums
Quinoa is known to be an endurance food which gives energy.  It is also known to be a good source of Iron which pregnant mums are always advised to increase in their diet.   It is good for tissue repair and development of teeth and bones.  Along with the other benefits of Quinoa, it is a useful source of goodness that forming babies will demand in plenty as they grow.  It is also good for Mums when they are feeding as it will improve the quality of milk for new-born infants.
Cataracts
Quinoa is thought to help prevent cataracts and may aid those with the condition.  Studies have shown that people who absorb about 99 grams of protein were only half as likely to develop  nuclear cataracts(light is difficult to  pass through the centre of the eye) while those with the greater polyunsaturated fats about 17 grams a day were 30 percent likely not to develop problems with the outer lens(corticular cataracts).
Nowadays, we are looking more and more to natural foods.   We all know the benefits of fibre in our diet but until more recently we have forgotten about Quinoa.
Find out how simply it is to cook quinoa. There are more and more quinoa recipes coming out now. You can find out how to cook quinoa Learn the superb health benefits of eating quinoa and include quinoa as part of your diet Quinoa Health Tips
