dawl42
What a great idea! I love making sushi but I hate making sticky rice. When I saw this I knew I had to try it. Made it last night for a friend and we were in heaven. So much more healthful and easy, will definitely make it again :)
1 year ago
Corsetcrush
These tasted really good (I mixed in a little leftover sticky rice) but fell apart like crazy so I don't think I will be making sushi with quinoa again...
My husband and I make quinoa a LOT and if it's not sticky enough when it's hot or warm, stir it in the pan after it's cooked. The more you stir it, the stickier it gets. I've gotten it to be like super thick oatmeal before, and since my husband is diabetic we always use quinoa for making onigiri (filled rice balls) and it HAS to be sticky to work for that!
Thanks for the recipe KendraKat! Hubby and I have been thinking about doing quinoa sushi but just hadn't gotten around to it yet but I'm glad to know it works!
And if anyone doesn't know, quinoa is nutritionally superior to brown rice (and tastes a lot better in my opinion!)  ;)b
2 years ago
amymylove
These tasted really good (I mixed in a little leftover sticky rice) but fell apart like crazy so I don't think I will be making sushi with quinoa again... I flavored the quinoa with rice wine vinegar, sugar, and salt instead of cooking it in broth and flavoring it with butter to make it taste more like sushi
2 years ago
saadaya
I just made quinoa sushi and here are my changes:
I cooked the quinoa in a seaweed broth (I used kombu to make the broth), and added rice vinegar to the quinoa to season it and a bit of sea salt and butter.
The kombu that was used to make the broth can be reused in the sushi itself.
AND the flavor combines perfectly with teriyaki sauce (instead of soy sauce, which I've always found too salty)
2 years ago
ABakerGirl
I've never tried quinoa before so we thought this was a good recipe to try it with. I wasn't sure how long to cook it for really but it turned out really well. We really enjoyed this recipe. We made it with carrots, cucumber, and avocado, and served it with wasabi on the side. We will definitely make this again. My favorite sushi place where I live has vegetarian sushi that is filled with a piece of warm deep fried sweet potato, I don't like sweet potato typically but that is my favorite roll there. It's a lovely warm crunch in the  middle and room temperature rice and nori. We will probably try to recreate that roll next time. We did mix in some rice vinegar and a hint of sugar instead of the vegetable broth and it could have taken more vinegar but I was afraid of overdoing it. Everyone should try this recipe at least once.
3 years ago
