Percentages are relative to US
recommendations for adults.
Source: USDA Nutrient database
Quinoa was of great nutritional importance in pre-Columbian Andean civilizations, being secondary only to the potato , and was followed in importance by maize .
In contemporary times, this crop has become highly appreciated for its nutritional value, as its protein content is very high (12 to 18 percent), making it a healthful choice for vegetarians and vegans. Unlike wheat or rice (which are low in lysine ), quinoa contains a balanced set of essential amino acids for humans, making it an unusually complete protein source (Schlick and Bubenheim 1993). It is a good source of dietary fiber and phosphorus and is high in magnesium and iron . It is a rich source of iron and vitamin B1 and a source of calcium , vitamin B2 (Bender and Bender 2005). It is lower in carbohydrates and higher in unsaturated fats than most grains (Herbst 2001). Quinoa is gluten-free and considered easy to digest.
Because of all these characteristics, quinoa is considered a possible crop in NASA's Controlled Ecological Life Support System for long-duration manned spaceflights (Schlick and Bubenheim 1993).
Quinoa may be germinated in its raw form to boost its nutritional value. Germination activates its natural enzymes and multiplies its vitamin content. In fact, quinoa has a notably short germination period: Only two to four hours resting in a glass of clean water is enough to make it sprout and release gases, as opposed to, for example, 12 hours overnight with wheat. This process, besides its nutritional enhancements, softens the grains, making them suitable to be added to salads and other cold foods.
Preparation and use
Quinoa remains an important food in South American cuisine and can cook like rice, taking half of the time of regular rice to cook and expanding to four times its original volume (Herbst 2001). Quinoa has a light, fluffy texture when cooked, and its mild, slightly nutty flavor makes it an alternative to white rice or couscous. Being lighter than rice, it can be used in any way suitable for rice, including as part of a main dish, a side dish, in salads, in puddings, and in soups (Herbst 2001).
A spoonful of milled quinoa
The first step in preparing quinoa is to remove the saponins, a process that requires soaking the grain in water for a few hours, then changing the water and resoaking, or rinsing it in ample running water either in a fine strainer or in cheesecloth. Most boxed quinoa has been pre-rinsed for convenience.
A common cooking method is to treat quinoa much like rice, bringing two cups of water to a boil with one cup of grain, covering at a low simmer and cooking for 14–18 minutes or until the germ separates from the seed. The cooked germ looks like a tiny curl and should have a slight bite to it (like al dente pasta). As an alternative, one can use a rice cooker to prepare quinoa, treating it just like white rice (for both cooking cycle and water amounts).
Red quinoa
Vegetables and seasonings can also be added to make a wide range of dishes. Chicken or vegetable stock can be substituted for water during cooking, adding flavor. It is also suited to vegetable pilafs, complementing bitter greens like kale.
Quinoa can serve as a high-protein breakfast food mixed with honey , almonds, or berries; it is also sold as a dry product, much like corn flakes.
Quinoa flour can be used in wheat-based and gluten-free baking. For the latter, it can be combined with sorghum flour, tapioca, and potato starch to create a nutritious gluten-free baking mix. A suggested mix is three parts quinoa flour, three parts sorghum flour, two parts potato starch, and one part tapioca starch. Quinoa flour can be used as a filling for chocolate .
The seeds also are used as poultry feed and in making an alcoholic beverage known as chicha, and are used medicinally. In addition, the leaves are used as a leaf vegetable, sometimes substituting for spinach. Although technically not a grain , the seeds are prepared as are grains.
Quinoa is considered by many Jews to be kosher for Passover , if properly processed (OU; Rosen).
Saponin content
Quinoa in its natural state has a coating of bitter-tasting saponins, making it unpalatable. Most quinoa sold commercially in North America has been processed to remove this coating. Some have speculated this bitter coating may have caused the Europeans who first encountered quinoa to reject it as a food source, since they adopted other indigenous food plants of the Americas like maize and potatoes .
The bitterness of the saponins has beneficial effects during cultivation as the plant is unpopular with birds and thus requires minimal protection. There have been attempts to lower the saponin content of quinoa through selective breeding to produce sweeter, more palatable varieties. When new varieties were introduced by agronomists to native growers in the high plateau, however, the native growers rejected the new varieties despite their "magnificent" yields. Because the seeds no longer had a bitter coating, birds had consumed the entire crop after just one season.
The saponins in quinoa can be mildly toxic, as can be the oxalic acid in the leaves of all the chenopodium family. The risks associated with quinoa are minimal, provided it is properly prepared and leaves are not eaten to excess.
References
Bender, D.A., and A.E. Bender. 2005. A Dictionary of Food and Nutrition. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0198609612 .
Guillet, D. 2002. The Seeds of Kokopelli: A Manual for the Production of Seeds in the Family Garden: A Directory of Heritage Seeds. Mount Shasta, CA: Kokopelli Seed Foundation. OCLC 61214528.
Heiser, C.B., and D.C. Nelson. 1974. On the origin of the cultivated chenopods (Chenopodium) Genetics 78(1): 503–5. PMID 4442716 . Retrieved February 9, 2009.
Herbst, S. T. 2001. The New Food Lover's Companion: Comprehensive Definitions of Nearly 6,000 Food, Drink, and Culinary Terms. Barron's Cooking Guide. Hauppauge, NY: Barron's Educational Series. ISBN 0764112589 .
