Quinoa, the Inca Nutrient. The mother of all grains. Elearning.
 
Activate Flash plug-in or JavaScript and reload to view Quinoa, the Inca   Nutrient.
Protein-rich quinoa cooks like rice
February 18, 2009. Source:  The Buffalo News by Ross Jo Marshall
Revered by ancient Incas as “the mother of all grains” and hailed by modern nutritionists as the “supergrain of the future,” quinoa has been cultivated in the Andes for more than 6,000 years. Since it’s not a grass, it’s technically not a grain. But it looks like a grain and cooks like a grain, so the food world calls it a grain.
Quinoa’s surge in popularity is due to its tremendous nutritional value. Its high protein content (12 to 18 percent) outranks other grains. What’s more, it’s one of the few vegetarian foodstuffs considered to be a complete protein, containing all eight essential amino acids. Compared to other grains, it’s high in unsaturated fat and low in carbohydrates. It’s a great source of fiber, iron, magnesium and phosphorous. And if that’s not enough to recommend it, quinoa is also gluten-free and widely considered Kosher for Passover.
Because the quinoa plant is hardy and undemanding, NASA is considering growing it on extended space missions. But official agencies weren’t always so friendly. Early Spanish conquerors in South America denigrated it as “food for Indians” and actively suppressed its growth due to its sacred status in non-Christian religious rituals.
Quinoa cooks like rice. But go easy: Quinoa cooks much faster than rice and swells to four times its original volume. Before cooking, rinse under cold water until water runs clear. Quinoa’s delicate taste is often compared to couscous, and it’s a great choice for salads and pilafs.
Foodie Freak: Quinoa, not just for Incas anymore
June 15, 2008. Source:  Lake   County News | California by Ross A. Christensen
 
Quinoa, pronounced “KEEN-wah,” was the second-most important of the three   primary foods of the Incas, the first being the potato and the third being   corn. It was so valuable to them that they called it “The mother of all   grains.”
In the ancient Incan equivalent of throwing out the first pitch at a   baseball game, the ruling monarch ceremoniously planted the first quinoa   every year with gardening equipment made of gold. Modern marketers call   quinoa “the supergrain of the future.”
Well, let’s not get our hopes TOO high. If you want to get really technical   quinoa isn’t a grain, but a seed of a plant related to the weed goosefoot.   White or “sweet” quinoa is the most common, but there also is red and black   quinoa available.
Quinoa has a bitter seed coating called saponin that protects it from being   eaten by birds while out in the field. In modern commercial processing this   is rinsed off before sale, but the Spaniards arriving to the New World   didn’t do this, and so ended up not liking the taste of quinoa. As a result,   potatoes and corn made it back to Spain from the newly discovered Incan   lands, but quinoa was shunned as “Indian food.”
Later, when the Conquistadors became horrified with the violent and bloody   Incan religious sacrificial practices, anything Incan became taboo. All   writings were burned and native foods were forbidden, sending the discovery   of quinoa into obscurity.
This is a shame since quinoa has been a food for over 3,000 years. Had these   exploring Europeans been able to distinguish the good things from the bad of   Incan customs and culture and not “throw out the baby with the bath water,”   this amazing food would be as widely appreciated today as corn is.
Although I think the Incas were probably lacking registered dietitians they   sure knew their stuff! Quinoa is nearly a perfect food. It has an average of   16.5 percent protein, it’s full of balanced amino acids (lysine, methionine   and cystine), calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, iron, fiber (45 percent of   your daily value on average per serving), starch, sugars and linoleic acid;   it is gluten free AND kosher.
When it comes to nutritional benefits this grain kicks the butts of rice,   wheat, corn, barley and millet (not that millet is on many pantry shelves).   It is low in saturated fat and cholesterol. One cup serving of uncooked   quinoa provides 36 percent of your daily carbohydrates and 43 percent of   iron, and 626 calories (93 from fat, 437 from carbohydrates). If you are on   a fixed income then you need quinoa; it will provide you a healthier meal   for less money.
Quinoa is available at several Lake County grocery stores. It’s inexpensive   and easy to cook. I’ve found quinoa cooked with water rather plain, so I   cook it in chicken stock/broth, and then upon serving I add a pat of butter.   The basic recipe is one part quinoa to two parts liquid.
Quinoa typically cooks in 15 minutes, but the really cool part is that it   actually TELLS you when it’s done. The grains swell up, become translucent,   and the germ ring pops out adding a “springy” look to the grains. You can   also prepare quinoa in the microwave or rice cooker.
In my efforts to make sure I give you as much information possible, I   decided to experiment with the idea of growing quinoa sprouts. I enjoy   growing my own sprouts and have a countertop sprouter set, but I hadn’t   tried quinoa sprouts before.
So I put a teaspoon of the seeds into my seed sprouter and watered them. I   used the very same ones that I bought from the grocery store to cook, no   special ordering needed. Twelve hours later the seeds had already started to   grow.
If you choose to sprout your own quinoa keep them in a sunny window since   the more sunlight they get the more nutritious they become. Although the   initial sprouting occurred quickly, after three days I didn’t have a very   impressive crop of sprouts, but they are beautiful, being green, white and   purple.
Flavor-wise the sprouts are delicious; it was reminiscent of childhood when   I would nibble on fresh clover out in a field. For those of you who didn’t   spend your childhood as a cow in the Midwest, a better description would be   a fresh vegetable taste almost like mixing raw asparagus and cucumber. Quick   side note: Always water with fresh clean water, as reusing the water in the   bottom of the sprouter set hastens fermentation.
The sprouts have even more nutritional benefits than cooked quinoa, which   are already very high. This makes quinoa even more versatile. The sprouts   are reported to be higher in vitamins and minerals than plain cooked quinoa,   are cleansing for the heart and arterial system, and reduce fat in the blood   stream.
Raw food enthusiasts and vegans use quinoa to replace the protein they are   lacking from meat. They have many creative uses for quinoa including making   banana and quinoa sprouts breakfast drinks, and dehydrating quinoa sprouts   and sprinkling them over other foods for extra nutrition. Some pet food   companies are even putting quinoa sprouts into pet food.
You can make your own gourmet BLT sandwich by substituting prosciutto for   the bacon and quinoa sprouts for the lettuce, but keep the tomato. Put them   on some toast with mayo and you have yourself a super-nutritious gourmet   sandwich.
The seeds will remain viable for about two years if stored in an airtight   container. The sprouts have a maximum shelf life of about two weeks if   stored in the refrigerator. If you don’t keep the sprouts in the   refrigerator they can ferment, and yes, there is quinoa beer out there.   There are even recipes available online for cooked quinoa sprouts. Gee,   maybe this is the supergrain of the future.
Not only does quinoa produce a grain-like seed, sprouts and beer but there   also is quinoa flour and quinoa pasta. You can “pop” quinoa seeds like   popcorn, but in a dry skillet. Then add milk and eat it like breakfast   cereal. Due to quinoa’s high fat and oil content it should be stored in the   refrigerator to keep it from going rancid. I personally don’t store mine in   the fridge, because I use it up way before it has a chance to go bad.
So with the nutrition, ease of cooking, variety of methods and historical   significance you have no reason NOT to get this ancient Incan superfood on   your next shopping trip. Come on try it, it’s not like I’m asking you to   sacrifice your enemy on an altar and eat his still-beating heart.
Quinoa, it’s not just for Incas anymore.
Ross A. Christensen is an award-winning gardener and gourmet cook. He is   the author of "Sushi A to Z, The Ultimate Guide" and is currently working on   a new book. He has been a public speaker for many years and enjoys being   involved in the community.
 
