
Company Profile - About Us - Northern Quinoa Corp. - NorQuin Brand
Northern Quinoa Corporation is a specialty grain and food processing company located in Kamsack, Saskatchewan Canada.  It was incorporated in 1995 by a group of local area producers and businessmen.
This group was intrigued with the agronomic and nutritional values of the Quinoa seed.  Quinoa is indigenous to the Andes Mountains of South America, where the climate is quite similar to Northeastern Saskatchewan, making this area suitable for its cultivation.
Quinoa grain is high in carbohydrates, protein, and an excellent source of carbohydrates,  nutrients and essential vitamins.  It is also gluten-free which enables people who are afflicted with Celiac disease and other digestive disorders to use it in their diet.
As time progressed NQC recognized the need to handle other food grains to complement their existing services.  NQC presently handles commercial and food grade grains including all pulses, legumes, cereals, oilseeds and some spices.  These products are sourced from area producers, cleaned and then packaged under the watchful eye for quality control at our plant in Kamsack, Saskatchewan.  The area in which NQC sources its grain is virtually the three prairie provinces of Canada and the northern United States.  The vast area in which we operate enables us to pick the best quality of product to pass on to our customers.  Packaging ranges from one pound to two thousand pound totes with fifty pound poly bags being the most common.  Order sizes range from ten pounds to container loads which are shipped throughout Canada, United States, Mexico and Europe.
NQC's mission statement is to supply and provide a consistent quality product with the highest level of service at fair prices.  NQC employees pride themselves on their quality control, loyalty and dedicated service to their many customers.
NQC carries organic certification with PRO-CERT and is a member of OPAM.  Along with handling non-organic products, NQC does not allow any GMO products in their facility.  NQC is also Kosher certified COR 541 by the Kashruth Council of Canada.
Company Profile
