E-mail *
Website
Thanks for visiting my site! All comments are read and appreciated, and if you have a question, I will try to respond within a couple days. Note: If you are leaving a comment for the first time, it will be held for moderation. Be patient and it will appear as soon as I have a chance to approve it.
Want to have your photo alongside your comment? Sign up for a Gravatar !
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.
{ 6 comments… read them below or add one }
1 Anonymous August 21, 2009 at 1:54 pm
I am a total quinoa fanatic, so I felt I had to jump all over a small error in your post.
Quinoa, while often used as a grain, and referred to as a grain, it is in fact a seed.
A small detail, I know, but I felt obliged to point this out.
Reply
2 Lilith September 4, 2009 at 7:39 pm
This is the first recipe I have tried from your site and it was awesome.  I'll definitely be making others from your site.
Quinoa is a particular favorite of mine because it's Kosher for Passover, and there aren't that many carbohydrates that are.
Thanks!
Reply
3 MCH January 26, 2010 at 6:34 pm
I just found this recipe and made it for dinner- it was wonderful. I did use some sesame oil for cooking and increased the tofu to a whole package- I'll be making this again! Thanks, Susan!
Reply
4 Julie Uphoff September 13, 2010 at 7:49 am
I made this last night and it was soooo yummy!  I actually thought I had some quinoa but realized I was out so I used cous cous instead.  It still tasted amazing and this will definitely be a “go-to” meal for us since it was so easy to make yet filled with good veggies.
As always, thank you!
Reply
5 Allison February 8, 2011 at 11:20 am
This looks great! Ive been looking for more ways to incorporate more quinoa into my diet and this looks awesome. I may add a little of  the baked teriyaki tofu to add a little more protein to make it a complete meal.
Thanks!
6 moonwatcher July 26, 2011 at 11:29 pm
Hi Susan,
As you know, this is another old favorite of mine, and I make it a lot in the spring and summer when fresh greens in my garden are abundant. My favorite green to make it with is mustard greens, the red giant kind that volunteer all over the place in my garden. They and the arugula are the first ones. This year I got curious and wondered if I could sub adzuki beans for the tofu. This started one day when I only had a tiny bit of tofu left and some adzuki beans on hand.  I’ve made it since with only the beans and it works great that way too. With the beans, I add a little spoonful of umeboshi plum paste to the remaining broth-tanari-rice vinegar mixture. It goes pretty well. This is a wonderful recipe that is very forgiving in temrs of experimentation. And it’s great comfort food! Just thought you’d like to know I’m still enjoying this one, too.
xo
