Species: quinoa
(i) General background on the plant
This is an ancient crop from South and Central America grown in pre-Colombian times by the Incas, Mayas and Aztecs [1]. Its history as a human consumption protein is well documented.
(ii) Details of quality characters
Dehulling of the seed removes virtually all saponins. However they need to be reduced in the pericarp if the crop is to be grown for animal or human consumption. After milling the dehulled seed, a good quality flour with 13% protein is obtained.
Quinoa as fodder: The vegetative parts of the quinoa plant are harvested at flowering and contain up to 22% crude protein, 52% carbohydrate, 1.5% Ash.
For fodder purposes quinoa produces approx. 8.8 t DM/ha [1]. The grains are similar in size to rape seed and have a more balanced amino acid make up than for example wheat, with a good composition of the essential amino acids such as lysine, methionine and tryptophan [2].
(iii) Current production and yields
World production of quinoa is 78,370 ha with an average yield of 0.71tonnes. The majority of this is produced in South America (FAO 1997).
In Europe seed yields are 3.5 - 4 t/ha[1] 5+ t/ha [2], 8.8 t DM/ha at flowering [1]. Trials of the crop have been carried out in UK since 1992. Tall and late maturing Peruvian varieties are probably unsuitable for Northern Europe, the shorter high altitude varieties are probably more suitable [2].
(iv) Constraints on production
Uneven, slow harvest.
(v) Markets and market potential
Possible uses include compounding in livestock rations, in biscuits, and as soup extenders [2]. It has potential as a gluten-free food with an excellent amino acid profile, it also has an unusually small starch granule size. Quinoa provides excellent cover for pheasants and partridges. Industrial uses include its potential for the textiles, paper and cosmetics industries, also flow improver to incorporate into starch flour products, fillers in the plastics industry, anti-offset and dusting powders and complimentary protein for improving the amino acid balance of human and animal foods. Saponins also have potential as insecticides, antibiotics and fungicides.
(vi) Other information
"As a non-food crop, quinoa’s attractions are the very small size of the starch grains within its seeds and its low amylase/amylopectin ratio. Dr Galwey (Dept. Genetics, Univ. Cambridge, CB2 3EH) has been supplying quinoa to the Dutch National Starch Research Organisation (NIKO) who are interested in its potential for the textiles, paper and cosmetics industries. They have not, however, explained their particular interest to Dr Galwey. Quinoa is a combinable crop which could be grown in this country. Dr Galwey has been the principle developer of quinoa in the UK and has been running a breeding programme for sometime. He has developed particularly early maturing varieties which could be available in commercial quantities in a couple of years if necessary (quinoa produces many seeds and is therefore easy to multiply up). The Dutch are also developing quinoa but, although their lines are more uniform than Dr Galwey’s, they are not as early maturing. Quinoa is mainly self fertilising but a small proportion (10%) of out-crossing does occur. Kings of Coggeshall own the commercial development rights to Dr Galway’s varieties."
See the following pages in the NF-2000 Database
