1. Quinoa Stuffing Recipe
It's got all the same flavors and ingredients as a traditional stuffing, and it will still fill your kitchen with that lovely Thanksgiving smell, but this stuffing recipe is made with quinoa and just a couple pieces of bread for a healthier, high-protein meatless stuffing.
2. Basic Quinoa and Veggie Salad Recipe
This is what most people are thinking of when they picture a quinoa salad. It's a simple yet delicious quinoa recipe with steamed and fresh veggies is a light lemony dressing. A great side for a picnic or potluck. Users have also given this recipe five out of five stars, so you can be sure you'll likely love it just as much as others have. This is also a low-calorie vegetarian recipe , with just 270 calories per serving. What's not to love?
3. Quinoa with Pesto, Spinach and Parmesan
The little hearts on the plate perfectly capture how I feel about this super easy quinoa recipe. Sure, pesto makes everything taste better, so this recipe, using store-bought pesto, almost seemed too easy. Almost. I love the spinach wilted into the dish, and the texture of the pesto was just perfect with the quinoa. If you want to make it a bit more of a full meal rather than a side salad, a few tomatoes or chickpeas tossed in ought to do it.
4. Greek Quinoa Salad with Artichokes and Feta
This Greek salad-inspired quinoa recipe is one of my all-time highest rated vegetarian recipes. everyone just absolutely loves this dish! It's made with a simple lemon vinaigrette, fresh herbs, kalamata olives, artichokes and tomatoes for a quinoa recipe that is a main dish in itself. Absolutely delicious.
5. Quinoa-Stuffed Squash
Roasted acorn squash is filled with an easy yet delicious balsamic and raisin quinoa pilaf for a beautiful vegetarian main dish recipe. Use this quinoa recipe for a healthy vegetarian Thanksgiving or serve it at another special fall dinner. Don't be fooled by the beautiful picture - if you can boil water and cut a squash in half - you can make this easy vegetarian quinoa recipe.
6. Quinoa Tabbouleh Salad
Traditionally, a Middle Eastern tabbouleh salad is made with bulgur wheat, but why not make it with quinoa instead? Just substitute quinoa in your favorite tabbouleh recipe, or try this easy quinoa tabbouleh, which calls for plenty of garlic, scallions and fresh chopped parsley. Reduce the amount of olive oil, or omit it completely for a lower-fat quinoa dish.
7. Garlic and Parmesan Quinoa
If you're looking for a simple, quick and easy quinoa recipe, this is a good one to try as it's quite simple, yet the flavors are all familiar. Cooked with plenty of garlic and topped off with plenty of cheese, this recipe is a bit like macaroni and cheese. Three users have reviewed this quinoa recipe, and all have given it five out of five stars, so you can be sure it's a keeper! To make it vegan, simply substitute nutritional yeast for the Parmesan.
8. Easy Sweet Potato and Quinoa Pilaf
The flavors in this quick and easy sweet potato and quinoa salad recipe are simple, basic, and absolutely delicious! Sweet potatoes are so yummy on their own, they need little flavor enhancement. Everyone loves this basic, quick and easy quinoa recipe, and it has an average review rating of 4.5 out of five stars. One reviewer, who had never tried quinoa before followed the recipe exactly and wouldn't change a thing. This quinoa recipe is perfect just the way it is!
9. Easy Curried Quinoa Pilaf
With ingredients similar to an Indian-inspired rice pilaf, this easy whole-grain quinoa recipe will make for a familiar side dish. One user loved this recipe, and added cayenne pepper and sweet potatoes to make it a bit more personalized. Add some simple curried veggies to make it more of a full meal, if you'd like. If you like Indian food, you'll like this easy homemade quinoa dish.
10. Low-fat Lemon Cilantro Quinoa
About.com's guide to Low-fat Cooking has come up with this easy way to prepare quinoa with almost zero fat by piling on the fresh herbs for flavor, instead of relying on olive oil, as so many recipes do. But there's more good news. This recipe has just three simple ingredients, and, it's vegan, gluten-free and low-cal as well. Recipe and photo by Fiona, About.com's Low-fat food expert .
