Grain quality and Use
Quinoa seeds are very nutritious and contents of single components vary. Seed, in comparison with other cereals, is higher in protein content (approx. 14,6 %). Its protein fraction is well balanced and comes close to the ideal protein, qualitatively corresponding to casein. It has more favourable amino acid composition also - higher content of lysine, methionine and treonin and high content of arginine and histidine, which are important in infant nutrition.   The starch content is approximately 60 % represented by small granules (0,6-2,0 ľm) exploitable in food industry as an ingredient in cream substitute. Quinoa starch shows better viscosity than other cereals. Low content of amylose and the size of starch granules are significant factors affecting usage of quinoa flour. Products are much elastic and nutritive by 10 % addition of quinoa in common flour. If higher amounts of quinoa flour is added then the volume and porosity of paste is lower and consistency is tough.  Amount of lipids in quinoa is about 8 % of dry mass. The oil is very stable thanks to relatively high natural antioxidant content. Total oil contains 54 % of linoleic acid and 20 % of oleic acid.  Quinoa is a good source of thiamine, folic acid and vitamin C but has lower content of niacin (B3) in comparison with other cereals. Seeds contain more Ca, P, Mg, Fe, Zn, Na and Cu than cereals. It is very important to realise distribution of every single mineral in fractions of the seed. The most significant losses caused by abrading are on Na, Fe and Mn.  Seeds contain some anti-nutritious compounds such as saponins, phytates, tannins, and protease inhibitors. Of all these compounds the amount of saponins causing bitter taste is the least desirable. Therefore quinoas are sorted out in three ecotypes - bitter, medium and sweet. Sweet types have usually white and bigger seeds.
Food
In South America quinoa is traditionally used as substitute of rice. Cooked quinoa can be dried and this way can last several weeks. Furthermore different soups, pancakes with brown sugar ('panela') or alcoholic beverage called 'chicha de quinoa' with positive impact on digestive system can be prepared. In Chile roasted and then ground seeds are mixed with sugar, warm water or milk or fruit punch and served to all, kids and adults. Whole grain flour is basic raw material for bread called 'kispina'. From mixture with other flours various bakery products, biscuits or pasta can be made. Quinoa together with amaranth is used in diets and children's nutrition. Stems and leaves can be prepared and consumed in salads, side dish, soups or the same way as spinach.
Fodder
Quinoa has high potential for feeding or so called 'green manuring'.
Other
