1/2 lb ricotta cheese
2 cloves garlic, minced
Sauté onion and garlic in olive oil until browned. Add hamburger, cook until browned. Add tomato sauce, tomatoes, salt and oregano. Simmer. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Put layer of this sauce in bottom of 13x9x2-1/2" baking dish, following with layer of quinoa and layer of cheese. Repeat two more layers ending with sauce an extra Parmesan cheese on top. Bake about 35 minutes. Serves 6-8.
 
5 cups quinoa, cooked (basic recipe)                ¼ cup olive oil
1-cup carrots, chopped                                  ¼ cup soy sauce
¾ cup parsley, minced                                   ½ cup lemon juice
1-cup sunflower seeds                                   tomatoes
4 cloves garlic, minced                                   black olives  
Cook quinoa, let cool. Add carrots, parsley, sunflower seeds and garlic to quinoa. Mix thoroughly. Combine liquids, pour over quinoa and toss well. Garnish with tomato wedges and olives. Serves 6-8.
2 cups cooked chicken, cubed                          1-cup mayonnaise
1-cup quinoa, cooked   (basic recipe)                   salt (to taste)
1-cup celery, diced                                           paprika ¼ cup
walnuts, chopped 
Chill all ingredients and combine. Sprinkle paprika on top for color.  Serves 4-6   All sorts of variations are possible with this basic recipe. Try bean sprouts and water chestnuts, or grapes and pineapple. Quinoa will enhance many other salad recipes. Try quinoa in fruit salad or tuna salad.    
2 cups quinoa, cooked (basic recipe)                ½ cups raisins
3 cups milk                                                   ½ cup shredded coconut
1/3-cup honey or ½ cup brown sugar                1 tsp vanilla
½ cup almonds or walnuts, ground                    3 eggs, beaten
½ tsp cinnamon                                            1/8 tsp salt
½ tsp lemon or orange rind, grated                   1 Tbs butter  1 tsp lemon juice 
Combine all ingredients. Pour into greased baking dish or greased individual custard cups. Bake in 350-degree oven until set, about 45 minutes. Serve hot or cold, topped with yogurt, cream or apple juice. Serves 4-6.  
This recipe was borrowed from an old favorite that originally called for rice. Quinoa substitutes nicely to almost any recipe designed for rice.  
2 cups potatoes (mashed with skins on)            ¼ cup parsley, chopped
2 cups quinoa, cooked (basic recipe)                ½ tsp salt
2 eggs, beaten                                             ½ tsp cumin
½ cup onion, chopped                                    ½ tsp oregano  
Combine all ingredients. Mix well and form into 1” balls. Deep fry balls until golden brown.  
2 cups quinoa, cooked (basic recipe                 ¼ cup onion, chopped
1 cup raw shrimp, chopped                              1 tsp salt
2 eggs beaten                                               1 ½ tsp ground ginger
Combine ingredients.
Mix well and form into 1” balls. Deep fry balls until golden brown.  
Dipping sauce: ½ cup tamari (soy sauce)         ¾ cup water
                       2 Tbs rice vinegar or cider vinegar
¼ lb butter (softened)                                       ¼ tsp black pepper
2 large eggs                                                     ½ tsp basil
1 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese                    1 ¾ cups milk
1 cup quinoa meal, or flour                                1-cup corn meal
¼ tsp salt                                                        2 tsp baking powder  
Preheat oven to 425° degrees. Prepare quinoa meal by grinding raw quinoa grain in a blender, or use quinoa flour. Blend milk, eggs and butter. Mix dry ingredients together and add to liquid. Fold in grated cheese. Bake in greased muffin tin until golden (10-15 minutes). Makes 24 puffs.  
These cheese puffs are a perfect combination with soups and salads or as a hot appetizer.    
1 cup quinoa meal, or flour                             2 cups corn meal
1 tsp salt                                                   ½ tsp baking soda
1 ½ tsp baking powder                                  1 Tbs honey or brown sugar
1 large egg, beaten                                      3 Tbs melted butter or bacon fat
2-½ cups buttermilk  
Preheat oven to 425° degrees. Prepare quinoa meal by grinding raw quinoa in a blender, or use quinoa flour. Combine all dry ingredients. Combine wet ingredients. Mix the two together. Bake in greased 9”x9” pan or greased muffin tin until golden (about 25 minutes).   Serve hot, with lots of butter.
For a spicier variation add a 4-oz can of chopped green chilies or jalapeno-and-tomato relish.
4 cups water                                            2 cloves garlic, chopped
¼ cup quinoa                                           1 Tbs safflower oil
½ cup carrots, diced                                 ½ cup tomatoes, chopped
¼ cup celery, diced                                   ½ cup cabbage, chopped
2 Tbs onions, chopped                               1 tsp salt
¼ cup green pepper, diced                            parsley, chopped    
Sauté quinoa, carrots, celery, onions, green pepper and garlic in oil until golden brown. Add water, tomatoes and cabbage and bring to a boil. Simmer 20 to 30 minutes or until tender. Season to taste and garnish with parsley. Serves 4-6.   This is a very basic recipe for quinoa vegetable soup. For variations try adding some of your other favorite vegetables, chopped and sautéed.   Quinoa can be a welcome addition to just about any type of soup.
2 cups water                                           2 cups milk
¼ cup quinoa                                          1 tsp salt
½ cup potato, cubed                                dash black pepper
2 Tbs carrot, diced                                   ¼ cup parsley, chopped
¼ cup onion, chopped                               butter
1 ½ cups corn (fresh, frozen or canned)  
Simmer quinoa, potato, carrot and onion until tender (about 15 minutes). Add corn. Bring back to boil and simmer another 5 minutes. Add milk. Bring just to a boil. Season to taste. Garnish with parsley and dab of butter. Serves 4-6.
(from the back of the Traditional Box)
(4 Servings)
