
QuinoaGold.com - Home
Quinoa Gold is a unique, patented, highly nutritional Quinoa beverage made from 100% organic Quinoa - a seed/grain known and treasured for thousands of years by the Ancient Inca civilization and the people of South America.  Today Quinoa is considered a "Super Grain" or "Super Food" because of its complete protein content, as well as other remarkable nutritional and antioxidant qualities. The "Ancient Incas" understood the Quinoa grain to be sacred.  They considered Quinoa holy and a source providing the warriors with almost super-human powers.  It was literally worshipped! The invading Spanish Conquistadors quickly understood the powers of this ancient Quinoa grain and forbid the Incas to grow or use Quinoa.  The penalty, if caught, was often death!  After a relatively short time, Quinoa disappeared from cultivation, and only tiny patches of Quinoa survived in the wildest regions.
Click to read
Our Product
Quinoa Gold currently feature three flavored beverages, each made from 100% organic Quinoa.  Our great tasting, gluten free, all natural Quinoa beverage is actually considered a complete protein with remarkable nutritional and antioxidant qualities.  We have spent years developing and patenting this exceptional Quinoa product into a delicious Quinoa beverage that everyone can enjoy. Quinoa cultivation dates back to the ancient Incas, where it was their staple crop and was often used in ceremonies before battle. Now you to can experience the awesome powers that the Incas derived from this ancient Quinoa grain.  Drink "Quinoa Gold" and step back 5000 years. 
Nutrition
Quinoa, a grain-like crop, contains 20 different amino acids, including all nine amino acids that are essential to life. Among its myriad of health benefits, Quinoa is also rich in iron, copper, zinc, riboflavin, protein, magnesium, manganese, fiber and phosphorus.  According to Epicurious.com, and the associate professor of plant and animal sciences at Brigham Young University, Quinoa may provide almost all of the nutrients a body needs.  In other words, if you could take one food with you to a desert island, Quinoa would be your best bet. Additionally, there are some studies that support certain nutrients found in the Quinoa plant as a preventive for certain forms of cancer, and may help problems associated with anemia.  Quinoa may also help with migraine headaches and altitude sickness.
Distribution
Quinoa Gold beverages are currently being distributed nationally with United Natural Foods. Please contact us if you are interested in carrying or distributing Quinoa Gold.  
 
