10 Responses to Veggie-Turmeric Quinoa Recipe
barbara January 22, 2012 at 5:22 pm #
this was a delicious recipe. I did it tonight. The only thing I have not used ,was Cayenne Pepper.I don’t like it. I used instead regular black pepper
Reply
Suzanne February 11, 2012 at 10:13 pm #
Hi Kim, delicious recipe made last night for dinner with friends and was lots of fun, and the food was so yummy and sitting around and talking for hours.
Reply
Rachel March 3, 2012 at 3:19 pm #
I make this all the time and its delicious. A big hit with my partner too. I add mushrooms, chillies, broccoli and cauliflower to make it more dense and sometimes as a treat I add some chorizo… mmmmm!!!
I find it really easy to digest aswell, I don’t feel bloated afterwards.
Reply
Kelly P March 7, 2012 at 7:58 am #
Hi Kimberly- I recently found your website while searching for new kale smoothie recipes and have really enjoyed reading your articles and recipes.  I love your approach and have your book on order!  Anyway, I will be making this one this week.  I have a question about your instructions- why do you recommend soaking the quinoa overnight?  I use quinoa often and rinse it VERY thoroughly, but have never soaked it overnight before using…
maddy April 1, 2012 at 3:02 pm #
really yummyyy… most of the time my dinner.
Reply
Debra April 5, 2012 at 8:12 am #
Kim, I’m so glad I discovered your book when I bought my vitamixer. Now I’m checking your blog out a few times each week which I love, but would you please consider listing your nutrition facts when you post a recipe? I am a trainer at a gym where I put a healthy recipe of the week out for our members and I like them to be able to see the nutrition info. I know you don’t believe in counting calories and neither do I but most of these members are very new to getting healthy! Thanks!
Reply
Amanda April 20, 2012 at 4:40 pm #
I made this for the first time tonight… I absolutely LOVED it! This is definitely going to be my go-to indian food when I’m craving curry
Thank you so much Kimberly!
Reply
Monica Siqueiros May 17, 2012 at 6:59 pm #
I added lime, and it was goooood! I also added some red onion, mushrooms, a lil more broc…I wanted it to have a lot of chunky-ness to it if that makes sense haha. Thank you for posting this recipe, it was great! I found it via pinterest. I have never used tumeric or curry before and I am glad I tried this
Thank you
diane June 4, 2012 at 4:30 pm #
hi Kimberly I make Darma’s salad all the time I love it
Trackbacks/Pingbacks
Try « - February 12, 2012
[...] I used it in this week – both were absolutely delicious and so so good for you. I used this quinoa recipe and used the same girl’s baked sweet potato recipe, but I can’t find it online [...]
Leave a Reply
