Certified: Organic Gluten-Free Kosher
Organic Quinoa - Gold of the Incas
Quinoa (pronounced keen-wah) is a light, fluffy, edible seed that feels and tastes more like a grain. Our quinoa is pre-rinsed so it is ready for cooking! Thanks to its mild, somewhat nutty and irresistible flavor, organic quinoa is an immensely popular  food. But this "mother grain" is also valued for its tremendous nutritional content. Among the  wholesome attributes that make quinoa grain special are:
12% to 18% protein, more than any grain
All nine essential amino acids
Gluten-free
High in dietary fiber
Good source of phosphorous, magnesium and iron
This power-packed nutritional combo helped give quinoa the name "Gold of the Incas" when it was  cultivated thousands of years ago in the Andes; Incan warriors highly valued the crop for the  energy and stamina it gave them.
Start with a Simple Quinoa Recipe
Cooking quinoa is extremely easy and fast. Just combine one part of our bulk quinoa with  two parts water or broth, bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 15 to 20  minutes. Fluff it with a fork, and it's delicious and ready to serve as-is or with your choice  of seasonings.
But this basic quinoa recipe is just the beginning. Cooked quinoa is similar in flavor, texture  and consistency to both rice and couscous, but it is much more nutritious. Try substituting this  superfood for rice or couscous in all sorts of recipes--stir fry, soup, casseroles and more-- to reinvent it as a high-protein meal.
Buy Quinoa for Special Diets
One of quinoa's greatest benefits is that it is so well suited to a wide range of dietary restrictions.  As a rare complete protein in the plant world, it can be the cornerstone of nutrition for vegans and  vegetarians who can't get protein from meat, fish, poultry or dairy. Our bulk quinoa is also naturally gluten-free, certified kosher and grown wild, free of all pesticides and chemicals.
And when you buy quinoa from Nuts.com, it arrives at your door pre-rinsed and free of the natural  saponin that can give the cooked seeds a bitter taste.
You can also make quinoa flour by grinding the seeds.
Store quinoa in sealed plastic or glass containers in a cool, dark, dry cabinet. Quinoa will stay fresh for one year if properly stored.
Health Tips
1. Quinoa is a nutritional powerhouse.
2. Quinoa's protein content is higher than that of any other grain.
3. It contains an almost perfect balance of all 9 essential amino acids and is considered to be a complete protein. Quinoa is especially well-endowed with the amino acid lysine, which is essential for tissue growth and repair.
4. Quinoa is a very good source of dietary fiber, manganese, magnesium, iron, copper and phosphorous.
Customer Reviews
Leave online feedback and share your thoughts with other customers!
“Just received my quinoa in record shipping time and all looks great! Thank you. Pat”
Pat, Dewey, OK
“Received order fast.  I'm enjoying
the Quinoa and Amaranth.
