Warm Quinoa Salad with Edamame & Tarragon
Preparation
Toast quinoa in a small dry saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until it crackles and becomes aromatic, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a fine sieve and rinse thoroughly. Return the quinoa to the pot and add water. Bring to a simmer; reduce heat to maintain a simmer. Cover and cook until the quinoa is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk orange juice, cilantro, vinegar, oil, ginger, salt and cayenne in a medium bowl. Add mango, bell pepper, beans and scallions; toss to coat.
When the quinoa is finished cooking, add to the mango mixture and toss to combine.
Tips & Notes
Make Ahead Tip: This salad can be made up to 2 days in advance (cover and refrigerate). Serve chilled.
Note: Quinoa, a delicately flavored grain, was a staple in the ancient Incas' diet. Toasting it before cooking enhances its flavor, and rinsing removes any residue of saponin, quinoa's natural, bitter protective covering.
Tip: To dice a mango:
1. Slice both ends off the mango, revealing the long, slender seed inside. Set the fruit upright on a work surface and remove the skin with a sharp knife.
2. With the seed perpendicular to you, slice the fruit from both sides of the seed, yielding two large pieces.
3. Turn the seed parallel to you and slice the two smaller pieces of fruit from each side.
4. Cut the fruit into the desired shape.
Tips for Two: Refrigerate leftover canned beans for up to 3 days. Add to green salads and soups; mash with garlic powder and chopped fresh herbs for a quick dip; make Spiced Pinto Beans.
Nutrition
Per serving: 422 calories; 9 g fat           ( 1 g sat          , 2 g mono         ); 0 mg cholesterol; 74 g carbohydrates; 0 g added sugars; 15 g protein; 19 g fiber; 258 mg sodium;     642 mg potassium.
Nutrition Bonus: Vitamin C (210% daily value), Vitamin A (50% dv), Magnesium (22% dv), Vitamin E (20% dv).
Carbohydrate Servings: 312
Exchanges: 3 starch, 1 1/2 fruit, 1 vegetable, 1 very lean meat to lean
More From EatingWell
