What is Quinoa? Quinoa Nutrition.
What is Quinoa?
How to Cook Quinoa?
What is quinoa? How to cook quinoa? Quinoa is the seed of a leafy plant. Quinoa nutrition is rich in protein, iron, potassium, minerals and vitamins. Cooking quinoa is simple; much like rice.
Why is organic quinoa good for you? Where can you find an organic food supplier who will supply organic quinoa? Share your organic quinoa sources, visit Healthy Food Trends and tell us about your organic food suppliers (who, where, what, and why they are your favorite) or share some of your favorite organic quinoa cooking recipes.
What is Quinoa?
Organic Quinoa is a food grown primarily in South America; it is the seed of the Goosefoot plant. The seeds are also known as "little rice" as they are often used and cooked as rice is cooked (in soups and breads). Beets, spinach and swiss chard are all related to the Goosefoot plant (also known as Chenopodium).
There are over 120 species of Goosefoot but only three varieties are cultivated.  Of these three, one produces very pale and sweet seeds (white quinoa), a dark red seed (red quinoa), and a dark seed (black quinoa). The seeds are small, flat and oval shaped.
Why is Quinoa Good For You? Quinoa Nutrition
Once you understand what is quinoa, you need to understand why organic quinoa is so nutritious and good. Quinoa is high in protein, calcium, iron, a source of vitamin E and several B vitamins. The seed's protein is consider a complete protein as it contains all eight essential amino acids.
Rice, corn and barley contain less than half the protein of quinoa. It has between 12 to 18% protein and about 6 to 7% fat and low sodium content. The seeds are an excellent alternative to grains for those wanting a gluten-free diet.
Cooking with Quinoa
How to cook quinoa? It is simple. Before cooking, the seeds must be rinsed (in a strainer under running water) to remove their coating (much like a resin). As quinoa is cooked the outer skin or germ around each grain twists to form a white spiral tail that remains attached to the seed; the seed is soft and the tail is crunchy.
Quinoa has a fluffy consistency (much like rice) and a mild, nutty flavor.
Quinoa can be used in hot dishes (such as casseroles, soups, stews) or in cold dishes such as salads or cereals. The seeds cook quickly (about 15 minutes).  You can toast the seeds in a pan and eat them as a snack or use the toasted seeds as a 'topper' on salads, pasta, cereals and more.
Store the uncooked seeds in the fridge - they have a relatively high oil and fat content.  You can find quinoa at health food stores, natural food stores, online, and in your grocer's organic grains (even though it's not a grain) section.
You now know what is quinoa, how to use it in your cooking, and why it's good for you.  Try the recipe below to start using quinoa.
Organic Recipes:
3/4 cup uncooked organic quinoa
1 cup roughly grated organic carrots
1/2 cup of roughly grated organic daikon (chinese radish)
1/2 cup chopped organic red bell pepper
1/4 cup minced organic parsley or cilantro
2 sliced organic green onions
1 tablespoon of organic lemon (or lime) juice
1 to 2 tablespoons of organic balsamic vinegar (to taste)
1 tablespoon organic olive oil
2 cloves minced or pressed organic garlic
Pinch of cayenne
Rinse organic quinoa under running water and drain well. Put in a pan and dry toast until a few grains begin to pop. Add 1-1/2 cups of water, bring to a boil, cover and simmer for about 15 minutes, or until the water is absorbed. Remove from heat and let stand for 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork and let cool.
Mix carrot, daikon, red pepper, parsley and green onion in large bowl. Add cold quinoa and toss to combine, Whisk together lemon or lime juice, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, garlic and cayenne. Pour over salad and combine well. Chill until serving time.
Serves 4 as an appetizer or side salad, or 2 as a main course.
Organic Food Supplier: Quinoa
DBA Foods is a supplier of quinoa to the UK; the company has been located in the UK for more than 20 years. The contact information in the right column is directly from DBA foods.
You can contact DBA for information on what is quinoa and how to use it, organic quinoa, quinoa supply, and for contact information on accessing quinoa in other parts of the world.
If you find it difficult to buy quinoa, then contact DBA foods and find out where the nearest retail store is located. You can also encourage your local grocer to start stocking organic quinoa; it is a healthy nutritious choice.
Buying Organic Foods
Why buy organic? There are advantages of organic food for everyone: benefits of organic food, and an organic way of life, are significant to your health and to the environment's health.
Understanding 'what is quinoa' will help you to better understand why you need to buy, cook and eat this healthy and nutritious grain-like food.
Additional Reading and Resources:
