Quinoa Super Salad
Quinoa en Salpicon ------------------   2 c  Raw quinoa   8 c  Water   1 c  Peeled, seeded cucumber, diced   1 c  Seeded and diced tomato 1/2 c  Finely sliced scallions, both green & white parts 1/3 c  Chopped fresh Italian parsley 1/3 c  Chopped fresh mint leaves  VINAIGRETTE: 1/4 c  Fresh lime juice 1/4 ts Ground white pepper   1    Fresh chile; seeded & minced   1 ts Coarse salt 1/2 c  Olive oil  Rinse quinoa under running water and drain. Place the quinoa and water in a large saucepan, cover, and bring to a boil over high heat; this should take about 5 minutes. Remove the cover and lower the heat; simmer 10 minutes longer. Drain the quinoa and cool.  While the quinoa is cooking, make the vinaigrette. In a bowl, whisk together the lime juice, pepper, chile and salt. Gradually add olive oil, stirring constantly. Set aside.  When the grain has cooled, assemble the salad. In a bowl, place the quinoa with the cucumber, tomato, scallions, parsley and mint. Toss to mix the ingredients, then add the vinaigrette and toss thoroughly. Season to taste with salt and white pepper.  Yield: 6 to 8 servings.  From Cooking with Herbs by Emelie Tolley and Chris Mead. New York: Clarkson N. Potter, Inc., 1989. Pg. 276. Electronic format by Cathy Harned. Posted by Cathy Harned to rec.food.veg.cooking on 22 Jan 1996.
Peruvian Quinoa Stew -------------------- 1/2 c  Quinoa   1 c  Water   2 c  Chopped onions   2    Garlic cloves minced or pressed   2 tb Vegetable oil   2 c  Chopped onions   2    Garlic cloves minced or pressed   2 tb Vegetable oil   1    Celery stalk; chopped*   1    Carrot; cut on diagonal in 1/4" pieces   1    Bell pepper; in 1" pieces   1 c  Cubed zucchini   2 c  Undrained tomatoes; chopped fresh or canned   1 c  Vegetable stock; or water   2 ts Ground cumin 1/2 ts Chili powder   1 ts Ground coriander   1 pn Cayenne; or more to taste   2 ts Fresh oregano or 1 ts. dried        Salt; to taste  GARNISHES:    Chopped fresh cilantro (opt)    Grated cheddar or Monterey Jack (opt'l.)  *Freedom used a pinch of celery seed.  Using a fine sieve, rinse quinoa well. Place it in a pot with the water and cook, covered, on medium low heat for about 15 minutes, until soft. Set aside.  While quinoa cooks, in a covered soup pot saute onions and garlic in the oil for about 5 minutes on medium heat. Add celery and carrots; continue to cook for 5 minutes, stirring often. Add the bell pepper, zucchini, tomatoes and stock or water. Stir in the cumin, chili powder, coriander, cayenne and oregano. Simmer covered for 10 to 15 minutes, until vegetables are tender. Stir cooked quinoa into the stew and add salt to taste. Top with cilantro and grated cheese, if you wish. Serve immediately. Yield: 4 servings.  Freedom wrote: "I didn't use the cheese, and it was delicious enough to greatly please some non-veg friends. Hope you all enjoy it!"  Posted by freedom963@aolcom in rec.food.veg.cooking. From Moosewood Restaurant Cooks at Home by the Moosewood collective. Electronic format by Cathy Harned. Posted by Cathy Harned to rec.food.veg.cooking on 22 Jan 1996.
Quinoa Tabouli --------------   1 c  Water 1/2 c  Quinoa   3 md Ripe tomatoes   1 c  Parsley   1 c  Scallions 1/3 c  Freshly squeezed lemon juice 1/3 c  Safflower oil   2 tb Fresh mint    Salt; to taste  Note: The author says that 1 tsp. dried mint could be used, but dried mint is nasty stuff, IMHO!  Pour water into a 1-quart saucepan. Add quinoa; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer; cover. Cook for 10 to 15 minutes or until all water has been absorbed.  While quinoa is cooking, finely chop the tomatoes, parsley and scallions. Add lemon juice, oil, and mint to tomato mixture. Stir in cooked quinoa and salt. Mix well.  Let tabouli sit in the refrigerator for a day to blend flavors.  Note: Also, she neglected to mention that tabouli is traditionally served at room temperature.  Najjar wrote: "Substituting quinoa for the traditional bulgur wheat gives this tabouli a lighter, fluffier and slightly nutty taste and enables people allergic to wheat to experience the flavorful joys of this Middle Eastern dish."  From Linda Najjar/Seattle, WA in "The Herb Companion." June/July 1993. Electronic format by Cathy Harned. Posted by Cathy Harned to rec.food.veg.cooking on 22 Jan 1996.
Quinoa and Lentil Soup ---------------------- 1 tbsp olive oil 1 onion, chopped 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped 2 sticks celery, chopped 1 carrot, cut into tiny dice 1 tsp caraway seeds 100g/4oz quinoa 900ml/1.5 pints vegetable stock 150ml/0.25 pint white wine 400g/14oz can brown or green lentils, drained 4 tbsp chopped fresh coriander seasoning  1. heat the oil in a large pan and cook the onion, garlic, celery (yuk!) carrot, and caraway seeds for 5 minutes. Stir in the quinoa, stock and white wine, bring to the boil, cover and simmer for 20 minutes until the grains are tender.  2. Add the lentils and cook for a further 5 minutes. Stir in the coriander, season to taste.  Posted by David Bold in rec.food.veg on 12 Feb 96.
Plain Boiled Quinoa ------------------- 1 pound (2 1/4 cups) quinoa  2 1/2 quarts water  Salt   Set quinoa in a bowl of cold water and wash it by rubbing it between your hands. Drain and repeat the process until the water is clear.   Transfer the rinsed quinoa to a saucepan and cover with water and some salt. Bring the liquid to a boil, lower the heat and boil, uncovered, for 10 minutes or until all the grains are translucent. Take care not to overcook. Drain the quinoa immediately but do not cool under cold water or the grain will be waterlogged. If not eating right away, transfer the quinoa to a cloth lined baking pan and fluff up with two forks to help cool the grain a little faster.   From: FoodTV: Cooking Monday To Friday. Show #MF6680
Cream of Quinoa Mushroom Soup ----------------------------- 2 tablespoons unsalted butter  2 tablespoons minced shallots  8 ounces mushrooms, wiped clean and finely chopped  1 cup cooked quinoa  3 cups chicken broth  1/2 cup heavy cream, half and half or evaporated low fat milk  Salt and freshly ground black pepper  1/4 cup chopped fresh dill   Heat the butter in a medium saucepan. When the foaming subsides, cook the shallots until tender. Add the mushrooms, cover and cook for 5 minutes or until tender. (If the mushrooms begin to stick to the bottom of the pan, then add some broth.) Add the quinoa and broth and bring the liquid to a simmer. Season to taste with salt and pepper and stir in cream if you wish. Bring back up to a simmer, remove from heat and stir in the dill.  Yield: 7 cups   From: FoodTV: Cooking Monday To Friday. Show #MF6680
Stir Fry of Quinoa and Vegetables --------------------------------- 1/4 cup olive oil  1 stalk carrot, peeled and cut into 1/4 inch dice  1/2 red, green and yellow bell pepper, cut into 1/4 inch dice  1 stalk celery, cut into 1/4 inch dice  1 minced clove garlic  1 cup canned black beans, drained and rinsed  2 cups cooked quinoa  Salt and freshly ground black pepper  1/2 cup chopped roasted pecans  2 tablespoons minced fresh mint   Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the carrot, bell peppers, and celery and saute for 5 minutes or until tender but still crisp. Stir in the garlic, black beans and quinoa and cook until for a few minutes or until heated up. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove skillet from the heat and stir in pecans and mint. Yield: 4 servings.  From: FoodTV: Cooking Monday To Friday. Show #MF6680
Tomatoes Stuffed with Quinoa Salad ---------------------------------- 4 beefsteak tomatoes, cap removed, cored and hollowed out  Salt  2 cups cooked quinoa  2 kirby cucumbers, peeled, seeded and finely diced  1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley  1/3 cup chopped fresh mint  2 scallions finely sliced  1/4 cup olive oil  2 tablespoons fresh lime juice  Fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced   Salt the insides of the hollowed out tomatoes and drain them upside down on a rack. In a mixing bowl combine the quinoa, cucumbers, parsley, mint and scallions. Make a dressing of the olive oil, lime juice, jalapeno pepper and toss with the vegetables and quinoa. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and add more olive oil or lime juice if you wish. Yield: 4 servings.  From: FoodTV: Cooking Monday To Friday. Show #MF6680
Quinoa Pilaf ------------ 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads  1 2/3 cups chicken broth, heated  1 cup quinoa  1 cup minced onion  1 tablespoon olive oil  2 teaspoons minced garlic  1 teaspoon toasted cumin seeds  1/2 cup diced roasted red pepper  1 bay leaf  Salt to taste  2-3 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro leaves   Steep saffron in chicken broth for 10 minutes.   Rinse quinoa under running cold water and drain well.   In a saucepan cook the onion in the oil over moderate heat until  softened. Add the garlic and cumin seeds and cook stirring 1 minute  more. Add the broth mixture, red pepper, bay leaf and salt, bring the  liquid to a boil and simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. Remove pan from  heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Stir in cilantro.  Yield: 4 to 6 servings  From: FoodTV: David Rosengarten's "Taste" on 02-16-1996. Posted by Gary Anderson in rec.food.cooking on 19 Feb 1996.
Quinoa?? -------- According to the Arrowhead Mills cookbook, it's pronounced "keen-wa" and is considered "one of the finest sources of protein in the entire vegetable kingdom--an almost ideal balance of amino acids...."   "Quinoa can be used in casseroles, as a bed for vegetable and bean dishes, or in place of rice in many recipes. [It] cooks quickly (10-15 min)."  Arrowhead Mills is a great cookbook for unusual veggie/grain combos and has several recipes for Quinoa (side & main dishes). I'll put a few on rec.food.recipes when I get a chance.  Posted by Cathy/Nonions in rec.food.cooking on 19 Feb 1996.
Rinsing Qunioa -------------- Newsgroups: rec.food.cooking  Abby Kavner of berkeley.edu posted on 20 Feb 1996:  OK RFC'ers-- advice time for Abby again. Now, I love Quinoa, but it has been a "problem food" for me. I have never been able to prepare it to my satisfaction. It needs to be rinsed and rinsed before cooking (I cook it 2 Water:1 Quinoa, just like other grains) because if it's not completely rinsed, there's a bitter flavor that I don't like.  That wouldn't be a problem, except the quinoa grains are so light, that rinsing is an incredible pain in the butt--some grains sink some grains float, and I lose a lot of the quinoa in the bottom of the sink with the rinse water. After several rinsings, I don't even care any more that the grains are going down the drain. I've tried several rinse methods:  Quinoa in the cooking pot (as I do beans): I lose 1/3-1/2 of the  grains down the drain. Quinoa in the colander: I lose fewer grains (but still some) and   it's very difficult to get the grains out of the colander  and into the pot. Quinoa in a tea infuser: I tried the grains in a tea infuser, and  held it under water for a long time. It takes a while for  the grains to unclump and wet (any chem. engs. care to  discuss quinoa flocculation? :-) This method works best,  but I only can do small amounts at a time (it's good for quinoa added to my many grain breakfast cereal)...  Any ideas? Is my quinoa too old, so it's getting bad?  -------  Mary Elizabeth posted on 20 Feb 1996:  > that rinsing is an incredible pain in the butt--some grains sink   Yes, this IS a royal pain, isn't it?   > Any ideas? Is my quinoa too old, so it's getting bad?  No, I doubt that.  > Let me know if you have luck with yours....  What I use is a really fine-mesh strainer, like a tea-strainer but bigger & shaped like a skimmer. You can get them at fancy kitchenware stores like Williams-Sonoma & Kitchen Bazaar. Put your quinoa in a pitcher (I use my 1-qt. Pyrex measuring cup with a handle & pouring lip) fill with water, swish around, & pour the water out through the strainer. Repeat ad nauseam. ;-)  -------  Cathy Nonions posted on 21 Feb 1996:  Try lining a collander with a couple layers of cheesecloth. You'll be able to spread the grains around without losing as many. Or make a little sack out of cheesecloth, fill your sink with water, and swish.  -------  Shankar Bhattacharyya posted on 21 Feb 1996:  Avoid dealing with flocculation. Use a large strainer instead. It gives you room to manipulate the grains, under conditions where they won't fall through the largish holes in a colander. It will be easy to drain as well, if that is what you want to do.  Now, if you want to speed up wetting, I have a bunch of things in mind. However, I imagine you'll want to be able to eat the stuff afterwards. I'm afarid that will limit me.  -------  James Harvey of iupui.edu posted on 21 Feb 96:  I use a large metal-mesh strainer. It's a bigger mesh than my little one, but still smaller than a quinoa grain, so it does the job very well.  > Any ideas? Is my quinoa too old, so it's getting bad?  I have heard that the quinoa one buys in bulk (in, for example, a health food store) has more of the bitter coating than the stuff you get in the fancy little green box that costs and arm and a leg. I don't know for sure though, since because I am single and I don't eat a lot of it, I still buy the latter.
Quinoa with Leek and Currants ----------------------------- Here's my favorite quinoa recipe so far. This makes a large amount, you can halve the recipe.  1 3/4 cup quinoa  2 2/3 cup vegetable stock (or water)  4 small leeks 1/2 cup canned tomatoes (or 2 roma size tomatoes)  5 T (rounded 1/4 cup) currants  1 T ground cumin 1 t cinnamon 1 t garlic powder 1/2 t turmeric  Slice leeks in half length-wise. Wash all of the larger leaves very well (leeks are very dirty. If you don't wash it well enough your final dish will be gritty). Chop washed leeks cross-wise into thin slices.  Place quinoa in a fine-meshed colander and rinse well for several minutes. You want to remove the bitter coating of saponin that quinoa sometimes has. You can also do this in a regular bowl if you are careful (fill with water, swirl qunioa around, pour out water, repeat until water is clear).   Place leeks in nonstick pan and cook until limp and reduced (no need to add liquid, leeks will have some water from being washed and tend to give up liquid as they cook).  Add spices to the leeks and stir until well mixed.  Add quinoa and cook for a couple minutes.  Add stock and tomatoes, bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer, covered, for 15-20 minutes until done.  Serves 8 Calories: 186.6 Fat grams: 2.6 %CFF: 11.9%  I have 15 more quinoa recipes on my website: FatFree.com (search for 'quinoa').  Posted by Michelle Dick in rec.food.cooking on 13 Jan 1997.
Website Suggestion ------------------ On 28 Mar 1997, Cydney23 wrote: > I'm looking for some recipes that use quinoa. Hot/cold dish. Any will do  I just visited the Veggies Unite website ( VegWeb.com ) on the weekend for the first, and I recall seeing quite a few quinoa recipes there.  Posted by "P. Cairns" of uoguelph.ca in rec.food.veg.cooking on 1 Apr 1997.
Basic Quinoa Recipe ------------------- I have this basic recipe that I made up a long time ago. As usual I don't really have amounts associated with the ingredients so hopefully you can judge that for yourself.  quinoa onions garlic celery red peppers zucchini mushrooms marjorum and any other seasonings you like salt pepper feta cheese (if you eat cheese) Tomato sauce  I just cut up and slightly cook any or all of the vegetables, depending on what I have or what I am in the mood for and add it to the cooked and fluffed quinoa. The feta cheese gives it a nice extra zing. I then sometimes top it with tomato sauce.  Posted by Colleen/CLoren5260 in rec.food.veg.cooking in Apr 1997.
Quinoa and Carrots ------------------ 5 C quinoa - cooked 1 C carrots - shredded 3/4 C parsley - minced 4 cloves garlic - mashed 1/4 C olive oil 1/4 C soy sauce 1/2 C lemon juice 1 C red onion - minced Combine garlic and liquids and pour over quinoa and veggies.  Posted by Donald E. Scott in rec.food.veg.cooking on 11 Apr 1997.
Quinoa and Shiitake Stir Fry ---------------------------- 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and sliced 2 Tbsp oil 1 Tbsp minced garlic 1 whole jalapeno pepper, seeds removed and chopped 1/3 cup slivered almonds 2 cups cooked quinoa 2 Tbsp soy sauce 1 Tbsp fresh lemon juice 1 Tbsp finely minced ginger 3 Tbsp minced green onion  Heat a wok until hot. Add oil and cook garlic and jalapeno pepper until golden. Add shiitake and cook for 2 minutes over high heat. Remove shiitake to a plate using a slotted spoon, leaving the wok over the heat.  Add almonds to wok with remaining oil. Cook until lightly toasted, return shiitake, and add quinoa. Stir fry over high heat until quinoa is heated, about 1 minute. Add soy sauce and stir vigorously for 30 seconds, then add lemon juice and toss quickly. Sprinkle with very finely minced ginger and green onion mixture.  Source: Okamoto, Osamu, Sam Okamoto's Incredible Vegetables , Pelican Publishing Company: Gretna, Louisiana, 1994.  Posted by "D Choi" to rec.food.veg.cooking on 11 Apr 1997.
Quinoa Corn Pasta ----------------- HAND:   1/2 c  Quinoa flour   1/2 c  Cornmeal   1/3 c  Tapioca flour     1    Egg     1 tb Vegetable oil, optional     2 tb To 3 water, if and as needed  EXTRUDER:   2/3 c  Quinoa flour   2/3 c  Cornmeal   1/2 c  Tapioca flour     1    Egg     1 tb Vegetable oil, optional     1 tb To 2 water, if and as needed  It is very fragile and breaks easily during rolling and extruding. Don't roll it too thinly and use a thicker shape such as fettuccine rather than spaghetti. It holds its shape nicely during cooking. Per 1 cup Serving: 315calories 9.9g protein 49.9g carbohydrate 8.9g fat 92.2mg sodium The Pasta Machine Cookbook by Donna Rathmell German Entered by Carolyn Shaw 4-95.
Quinoa Pasta: Basic Gluten Free ------------------------------- HAND:  1/2 c  Quinoa flour  1/4 c  Potato starch flour  1/3 c  Tapioca flour    1    Egg    1 tb Vegetable oil, optional    1 tb To 2 water, if and as necessary  EXTRUDER:  2/3 c  Quinoa flour  1/3 c  Potato starch flour  1/3 c  Tapioca flour    1    Egg    1 tb Vegetable oil, optional    1 tb To 2 water, if and as needed  Quinoa has a strong, nutty taste. It is difficult to roll initially and may require several passes through the widest rollers; it extrudes nicely. Per 1 cup Serving: 270calories 8.1g protein 41.8g carbohydrate 8.2g fat 29.9mg sodium The Pasta Machine Cookbook by Donna Rathmell German Entered by Carolyn Shaw 4-95.
Quinoa Tabbouleh ---------------- Its really yummy and sort of like the bulghur wheat tabbouleh. Remember to rinse the quinoa well first, otherwise it will be bitter.  2 cups water 1 cup quinoa 3 Tbs. extra virgin olive oil 3 cloves garlic 1/4 cup lemon juice 1/2 cup scallions, minced 3/4 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped 1/4 cup pine nuts 1/4 cup fresh mint 2 cups organic salad greens mix  Bring water to a boil over high heat. Add quinoa, reduce heat to low and cover. Cook 15-20 minutes, until water is absorbed and kernels are soft. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate. Combine oil, garlic, lemon juice and  sea salt to taste in a jar with a tight fitting lid. Shake well and combine with remaining ingredients, except salad greens. Stir in quinoa and chill.  Serve over mixed greens. Yield: 4 servings.  Per serving: calories 302, fat 16.1g, 46% calories from fat, cholesterol 0mg, protein 7.3g, carbohydrates 34.6g, fiber 4.1g, sodium 25mg.  From Debbie Kerry on 29 May 1997.
Quinoa ------ You can use quinoa as you would rice. Just rinse first to remove the bitter coating, and use 2 parts water or broth to 1 part grain, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, for about 15 - 20 minutes. Leave covered but remove from heat. Let stand 5 - 10 minutes, fluff and use. Works well in a pilaf, or as a grain upon which to pile steamed veggies or curry, like that. It is also good in cold salads, add black beans, chopped onions, peppers, etc, dress with seasones rice cinegar and a dash of ground cumin.  Posted by jrg14 of cornell.edu in rec.food.veg on 14 Jul 1997.
Cous Cous Substitute -------------------- We have had good luck using quinoa (pronounced KEEN-wa) instead of cous cous. It is a GF grain related to amaranth I think and the grains are very small and spherical like cous cous. Cook it like rice, 1C quinoa : 2C water. Once it is cooked, treat it like cous cous. It has a very nice flavor and is quite light, not heavy like most cooked grains. A health food store here makes a nice salad with it: To the cooked, cooled quinoa add chopped apricot, chopped scallions or green onion, pistachio nuts and chopped yellow bell peppers (all vegetables chopped quite small). You can serve it like this or make a light dressing with orange juice, oil and vinegar.  Posted by Brooke McLoughlin in bit.listserv.celiac on 18 Dec 1997.
Scarlett Letter Chicken with Quinoa ----------------------------------- One 3-4 pound chicken, cut into pieces (I usually just use breast meat) 1 clove garlic, minced (or more to taste) salt and pepper to taste 1-1/2 TBL olive oil 2 TBL butter  Saute chicken and garlic in oil/butter until golden brown. Transfer to plate, adding salt and pepper to taste. Pour off all but 1 TBL drippings in pan.  1 large shallot, minced 1/4 C. red wine vinegar 2 ripe tomatoes, chopped (and peeled/seeded if you so desire) 1/2 C. chicken broth 1/2 C. quinoa 1 tsp fresh tarragon or 1/4 tsp dried 1 TBL chopped fresh parsley  Saute shallot in remaining pan drippings for 2 minutes. Return chicken to pan, sprinkle with vinegar and cook until juices have almost evaporated. Add tomato and stock; simmer 30 minutes.  Note: If you're using just chicken breasts, I usually add vinegar, tomatoes and stock all at once and simmer for only 5 minutes.  Rinse quinoa and drain. Stir into juices around chicken. Cook, covered, until quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes. Sprinkle with tarragon and parsley before serving.  Posted by Relaena of halcyon.com in rec.food.cooking on 05 Jan 1998.
Cooking with Quinoa ------------------- It is a good idea to try quinoa, we use it regularly. Measure exactly twice the amount of water, add some salt and cook very slowly for 20 minutes. If you have time, leave to stand for an additional 10 or 15 minutes, it will get more fluffy. You can add anything you would add in rice: herbs, vegetables, .... You can also use it (cooked) to stuff tomatoes. Mix it with the inside of the tomatoes, dried raisins, parsley, etc.  Posted by Pierre Lambermont of euronet.be in rec.food.veg on 13 Mar 1998.
Quinoa Tabouli Salad (from Susan Mercier) ----------------------------------------- Measure out 1 1/2 Cups quinoa and rinse it very well. Drain in a fine sieve. Add quinoa to 3 cups boiling water, cover and let cook on low for 20 minutes until dry looking, turn out into a bowl and chill.  When cold, ADD: 3 Cups finely Chopped Parsley 1 large diced English cucumber 3 Cups chopped tomatoes 1 medium diced red onion (Optional) 1 small chopped green pepper 1 stalk of celery, diced  Mix well, breaking up any clumps of quinoa, dress to taste (dressing recipe below) and serve.  Dressing: Mix together 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil 1/2 Cup fresh lemon juice (or bottled) 1 tsp dry mint leaves 1/2 tsp salt 1/4 tsp pepper  Keeps well in refrigerator for several days. Delicious served with corn  chips.  Hint: I do most of my chopping in the food processor (it goes quicker) either by using the chopping disk or blade. If it is too chunky, then the effect of the salad is lost. I usually add all the dressing, as the quinoa soaks up the flavor.
Quinoa Poppy Seed Pilaf ----------------------- 1 cup quinoa 1 onion or leek, minced 3 cup water 2 Tabespoons poppy seeds pinch sea salt 1 carrot,finely grated 1/3 cup minced parsley 1 green onion, sliced  A universal favorite--light, fluffy, and flavorful. Roast quinoa by stirring in a skillet over medium heat until it smells toasty, but don't brown. Meanwhile, heat water. Just before it boils,add quinoa, onion, poppy seeds and salt. Cover,and simmer 20 minutes.Then, turn off heat, add carrot, parsley, and green onion, and toss to fluff. Let sit 5 min to blend flavors. Serve with fish fillets or a side of beans. Or, chill and dress with lemon vinagrette  Posted by Jody Hoag to the Celiac list on 1 Sep 1999.
Quinoa Super Salad ------------------ 5 cups quinoa,cooked and cooled 1 cup each:sunflower seeds and chopped carrots 3/4 cup parsley,minced 4 cloves garlic,minced 1/4 cup each:olive oil,GF soy sauce,lemon juice,tomatoes,olives  Mix quinoa, sunflower seeds, carrots, parsley, and garlic. Combine liquids, pour over quinoa, and toss well. Garnish with tomato wedges and olives. Serves 6-8  Quinoa contains 16 amino acids, including lysine, which is necessary for complete protein. It also a great alternative for those with wheat and  gluten allergies. Quinoa is not actually a grain but a fruit from the  chenopodium plant,grown in the Andes since 3000 B.C. Anvient Incas  considered quinoa sacred, calling it "the mother grain". Try hot quinoa for breakfast prepared with apples, rasins, and cinnamon and sweetened with a  splash of milk (your choice) anmd some sugar(molasses or whatever) as a  side dish; or added to your recipes for casseroles,soups,and stews. Other  products to try-- Quinoa pasta, flour, and flakes...  Posted by Jody Hoag to the Celiac list on 12 Sep 1999.
 
