Below you will find example usage of this term as found in modern and/or classical literature:
1. Food-grains of India by Arthur Herbert Church (1886)
"quinoa SEED. Chenopodium quinoa, Willd. This species of Chenopodium was introduced  from Peru. Its leaves have long slender petioles ; they are ovate, ..."
2. Food-grains of India by Arthur Herbert Church (1886)
"The seeds, of which we possess no complete analysis, are considered superior to  buckwheat. quinoa SEED. Chenopodium quinoa, Willd. ..."
3. Edinburgh New Philosophical Journal, Exhibiting a View of the Progressive by Robert Jameson, Sir William Jardine, Henry D Rogers (1847)
"To compensate for the want of them, they have the quinua (Chenopodium quinoa,  L.), which is at once a nutritious, wholesome, and pleasant article of food. ..."
4. Bulletin of Pharmacy (1891)
"It will thus be seen that quinoa is essentially a cultivated plant of America.  ... Like so many of the cultivated plants of America, the origin of quinoa is ..."
5. Tropical Agriculture: The Climate, Soils, Cultural Methods, Crops, Live by Earley Vernon Wilcox (1916)
"quinoa When the Spanish explorers first came to South America they found the  natives making common use of quinoa (Cheno- podium quinoa) as a food. ..."
6. Tropical Agriculture: The Climate, Soils, Cultural Methods, Crops, Live by Earley Vernon Wilcox (1916)
"quinoa When the Spanish explorers first came to South America they found the  natives making common use of quinoa (Cheno- podium quinoa) as a food. ..."
7. The Chemistry of Common Life by James Finlay Weir Johnston, Arthur Herbert Church (1880)
"Comparative composition. — Wheaten and rye bread compared.—Oatmeal and Indian-corn  meal.—Composition of rice.— Buckwheat, quinoa, Guinea corn, ..."
8. Select Extra-tropical Plants Readily Eligible for Industrial Culture Or by Ferdinand von Mueller (1880)
"C. quinoa, Willdenow, from Chili, deserves hardly recommendation for culture,  though a nutritious spinach, it being apt to stray as a weed into cultivated ..."
Other Resources Relating to: Quinoa
Words people are searching for today:
