How to Cook Quinoa
Even if your parents were fairly healthy, chances are you didn’t grow up eating quinoa .  And, because quinoa recipes weren’t on the menu you may have never learned how to cook quinoa.  Never fear!
Cooking quinoa is easy and there are many different ways that it can be accomplished.  I’ve been cooking quinoa for quite some time now, and I can tell you how to cook quinoa perfectly…every time!
Now, to cook quinoa the first thing you will need to do is consider what type of quinoa recipes you are making.  There are two basic ways that quinoa can be prepared.  The first is great when you are trying to cook a large amount of quinoa so that you can have it on hand to whip up your favorite quinoa burger or quinoa salad.  The second method is better suited to quinoa recipes that require you to cook quinoa with onions, peppers or spices.
First, there is one thing you must remember.  Quinoa needs to be rinsed prior to cooking.  The reason is that the seeds are covered in a bitter substance called saponin.  A natural pest repellant, saponin is so bitter that birds and other pest leave the quinoa alone as it grows.
To rinse quinoa, place it under a stream of water until the water runs clear.  This should take about 5 minutes, assuming you have not purchased pre-rinsed quinoa.  (In which case you will probably only need to rinse the quinoa for a minute or two.)
How to Cook Quinoa the Easy Way
The easiest way to cook quinoa is to simply boil it.  Place the quinoa in a saucepan and cover with water.  Bring to a boil and cook for 8 minutes.  Drain and return the quinoa to the warm saucepan.  Cover and allow to sit covered for 10 to 15 minutes.
How to Prepare Quinoa Perfectly
Now the above method works great and is super easy, but it is not the best method if you are going to be seasoning your quinoa as you cook it.  To get perfect quinoa every time, you will want to combine one part quinoa with 1.25 parts liquid.  I highly recommend you use something other than water. Broth, juice, milk all lend flavor as the quinoa cooks.
Place your liquid and rinsed quinoa in a saucepan.  Bring it to a simmer – which is just before a boil. Reduce the heat to the lowest setting and cover.  Cook for 30 to 35 minutes.  Remove from heat and allow to sit another 5 minutes.
Quinoa Burger
by Amy November 27, 2011
As far as quinoa recipes go, I would have to say that quinoa burgers are among my favorite.    I especially like this quinoa burger recipe, because the flavor derived from the coriander, cumin and coconut oil is quite simply amazing!  For those of you who are trying to limit the amount of oil in your [...]
Quinoa – Your Guide to an Ancient Super Food!
by Amy November 26, 2011
Quinoa, pronounced KEEN-wah, is an food that was a staple in the times of the ancient Incas.  The relied on it for its nutrient density, which allowed them to endure hard labor at high altitudes.  In addition to being a key part of their diets, the Incas revered quinoa as a sacred food.  Legend was [...]
Citrus Quinoa Salad with Fennel
by Amy May 6, 2010
I just love this fresh quinoa salad!  The orange citrus vinaigrette and fennel add a unique and special twist.  If you have not ever tried fennel, don’t be shy about giving it a shot.  It is slightly sweet and offers a nice crunch.  It is also loaded with fiber and a good source of both [...]
Greek Quinoa Salad
by Amy March 16, 2010
This is a light and easy to make quinoa salad that is good enough to eat year round.  It proves that cooking quinoa can be easy and delicious. You can serve it right after preparing, but I like it better chilled for a few hours.  This is one of my new favorite quinoa recipes! Salad: [...]
If You Want to Be Healthy Try a Quinoa Recipe!
by Amy March 11, 2010
If you are searching for quinoa recipes, you will be happy to know that quinoa is just about one of the healthiest foods that you can ever find!  In fact, NASA believes in quinoa so much that it added it to its list of potential crops for long term space missions. It is no surprise [...]
Oatmeal & Quinoa Recipe
by Amy March 9, 2010
Starting your day by cooking quinoa just makes sense!  It is a complete protein, providing your body with all eight essential amino acids.  The slow burning carbohydrates will help you maintain stable energy levels and keep you full longer.  This nutrient dense seed is a great start to a healthy day!  This is one of [...]
Basic Quinoa Recipes
by Amy March 9, 2010
Quinoa is very versatile and can be used in many different types of dishes. Quinoa salad is just as tasty as a quinoa breakfast recipe.  If you like cooking quinoa and want to try to develop your own quinoa recipes, here is a basic quinoa recipe to start with.  Use this as a starting point [...]
Quinoa Recipes – Roasted Garlic and Red Pepper Quinoa
by Amy March 4, 2010
1 head garlic, roasted 2 tsp olive oil 2 red peppers, roasted (Or buy bottled roasted red peppers) 2 cups quinoa 4 cups broth 1 tsp thyme 1 tsp sea salt ½ tsp black pepper 1/8 tsp red pepper (cayenne) 1/8 tsp ground chipotle pepper 4 oz feta cheese ¼ cup toasted pine nuts 1 [...]
