Yields approximately 1 Cup (1/2 lb.) of Sprouts
Put 2/3 Cup of seed* into a bowl or into your Sprouter .
Add 2-3 times as much cool (60-70 degree) water.
Mix seeds up to assure even water contact for all.
Allow seeds to Soak for 20-30 minutes.
Empty the seeds into your sprouter if necessary.
Drain off the soak water.
Rinse thoroughly with cool (60-70°) water
Set anywhere out of direct sunlight and at room temperature (70° is optimal) between Rinses.
Rinse and Drain again in 8-12 hours.
And, perhaps once more...
Rinse and Drain in 8-12 hours.
We usually stop here. We like our sprouts small.
Note: Quinoa can be sprouted quite a bit longer but it's texture changes profoundly, going from a soft crunchy sprout to a very soft sprout. If you sprout it long you'll have to use it soon as it won't keep well.
Depending on your climate and the time of year you are sprouting and most importantly your personal preference - You may Rinse and Drain again at 8-12 hour intervals for several days. However - we prefer to sprout only to the point where most of the seeds have sprouted tiny (1/4 inch) roots, which is typically after just 2 or 3 Rinse and Drain cycles.
Your sprouts are done 8-12 hours after your final rinse. Be sure to Drain them as thoroughly as possible after that final rinse.
The goal during the final 8-12 hours is to minimize the surface moisture of your sprouts - they will store best in your refrigerator if they are dry to the touch.
Transfer your sprout crop to a plastic bag or the sealed container of your choice - glass is good - and put them in your refrigerator - if you can keep from eating them all first.
Note: Quinoa - when sprouted very short - can make it in refrigeration for up to 2 weeks but if you can use 'em fresher we think you'll like them better.
* If using Single Harvest Pack use the whole bag.
Remember that the yield will be approximately 1.5:1, so in theory you can start with as much as 2/3 as much dry seed as your Sprouter has capacity.
Printable Sprouting Instructions
Description
An ancient grain which has been cultivated for over 5000 years! It is the quickest of all sprouts, prefering to soak for only 20-30 minutes and showing 2 roots per seed within 24 hours. Pronounced "Keen Wah".
Quinoa is the only sprout which contains every single amino-acid.
It is very beautiful as well as delicious.
Very nutritious. So small that you can add the to many a food!
