i Help us expand this topic.
Submit Contribution
Thank you for helping us expand this topic!
Simply begin typing or use the editing tools above to add to this article.
Once you are finished and click submit, your modifications will be sent to our editors for review.
The topic quinoa is discussed in the following articles:
origins of agriculture
TITLE: origins of agriculture
SECTION: South America
...Wild camelids were hunted as early as 10,000 bp; by 7500–6000 bp  llama and alpaca remains are so common in archaeological sites that they had probably been domesticated as well. Quinoa was harvested by 7500 bp and cotton by 6000 bp in northern Peru.
South American crops
TITLE: South America
SECTION: Food crops
...and parts of Asia. The potato, which originated in the high Andes, became a dietary staple of many European nations. Several other plants were domesticated in South American environments, such as quinoa and canahua, both small grains used as cereals, and tuberoses such as ullucu and oca. Squashes and pumpkins are pre-Columbian crops that have spread throughout the world, as is the tomato,...
Year in Review Links
Bolivia: Year In Review 2011 Prices for quinoa, an Andean plant rich in nutrients, rose in response to increased demand among health-conscious North Americans and Europeans, pushing it beyond the means of many indigenous Bolivians. Some worried about the effect on the diet of those Bolivians who substituted rice and noodles for the traditional food. On the environmental front, atmospheric warming caused continued melting...
Ancient Grains: Year In Review 2005 (agriculture) Amaranth, extolled as an elixir by the Aztecs, showed up in European and North American cereals, breads, and crackers, and quinoa, a staple of the Inca Empire, emerged as an increasingly popular rice or potato replacement in salads and casseroles or as a side dish. Both ancient grains packed more protein than wheat, and amaranth and teff, an ancient grain from Ethiopia, were touted as...
Websites
Help us expand the resources for this topic. Click below to submit new website for review and accepted updates will be published to the site.
Submit a Website
