Quinoa
The Top-Secret Superfood
Packed with protein, loaded with fiber, and older than Peru, quinoa is one of the most nutritious foods on the planet
By Matt Goulding, Posted Date: April 9, 2007
Francisco Pizarro might have known a thing or two about New World conquest, but he would have made a lousy nutritionist. After toppling the Incan empire in 1532, the Spanish conquistador filled his ships with potatoes and corn--destining them to become major players in the European diet--while leaving a third crop to wither. Turns out, the fields Pizarro neglected to harvest were filled with the world's most nutritious grain:  quinoa  [pronounced KEEN-wah].
" Quinoa  is a true wonder food," says Daniel Fairbanks, Ph.D., a professor of plant and animal science at Brigham Young University. "It has about twice the protein of regular cereal grains, fewer carbohydrates, and even a dose of healthy fats." Plus, it's considered a "complete" protein, which means that, like meat, eggs, and dairy, it packs all of the essential amino acids your body needs to build muscle.
Unfortunately, not much has changed in the almost 500 years since Pizarro pillaged the Incas. More than ever, nutritionally inferior foods, such as corn, potatoes, rice, and wheat--especially the refined versions--fill our plates, while quinoa gathers dust on grocery-store shelves. And that's a shame, because besides being great for you,  quinoa  is the rare culinary triple threat: delicious, easy to prepare, and ultraver-satile. Ready to harness the full power of this superfood? Here's everything you need to know to make it a staple at breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 
The User's Guide to Quinoa
Quinoa has an addictive nutty flavor, cooks up quicker than rice, and can be used to make pilafs, risottos, salads, soups, and even desserts. The downside: Few men know where to find it, let alone how to prepare it. Typically, you can locate quinoa in the rice aisle or the health-food section of your grocery store. You can also stock up at  edenfoods.com .
As for preparation, the simplest way is to cook quinoa like pasta: Fill a large pot or saucepan with water, and bring it to a boil. Add just about any amount of quinoa, turn the heat to low, and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain the water and allow the quinoa to cool.
Cook up a big batch and store it in Tupperware in your refrigerator, and you'll have a ready-to-eat side dish--like rice or pasta--that goes with just about any meal. (To warm, microwave it for 60 seconds.) Or you can be far more creative. For instance, quinoa can be used to...
Power up your breakfast: Combine a cup of cooked quinoa with 1/2 cup milk and 1/2 cup frozen blueberries, and microwave for 60 seconds. This makes a great alternative to oatmeal.
Redefine dessert: In a blender, puree two very ripe bananas with 2 cups whole milk. Combine the mix with 2 cups cooked quinoa, 1/2 cup raisins, a tablespoon of sugar, and a teaspoon of cinnamon, and simmer for 10 minutes. If you're celebrating, add a glug of dark rum at the last second. Creamy and sweet, it's a healthier version of rice pudding.
Even better, use the recipes and variations that follow and you can turn this simple grain into more than a dozen dishes.
 
New from MH!
Build Muscle in 15 Minutes: No gym required. All you need is The Men's Health 15-Minute Abs, Arms & Chest Workouts DVD.
1
