Source: USDA Nutrient Database
Quinoa was of great nutritional importance in pre-Columbian Andean civilizations , secondary only to the potato , and was followed in importance by maize . In contemporary times, this crop has become highly appreciated for its nutritional value, as its protein content is very high (18%). Nutritional evaluations of quinoa indicate that it is a source of complete protein . [14] [15] Furthermore, it is a good source of dietary fiber and phosphorus and is high in magnesium and iron . Quinoa also provides a significant source of calcium , and thus is useful for vegans and those who are lactose intolerant . [16] [17] Quinoa is gluten -free and considered easy to digest. Because of all these characteristics, quinoa is being considered a possible crop in NASA's Controlled Ecological Life Support System for long-duration human occupied spaceflights. [18]
[ edit ] Saponin content
Red quinoa, cooked.
Quinoa in its natural state has a coating of bitter-tasting saponins , making it unpalatable . Most quinoa sold commercially in North America has been processed to remove this coating. This bitterness has beneficial effects during cultivation, as the plant is unpopular with birds and thus requires minimal protection. [19] There have been attempts to lower the saponin content of quinoa through selective breeding to produce sweeter, more palatable varieties that have proven difficult due to cross pollination contamination. [20]
The toxicity category rating of quinoa saponins are classified as a mild eye and respiratory irritant and a low gastrointestinal irritant. [21] The saponin is a toxic glycoside , a main contributor to its hemolytic effects when combined directly with blood cells. In South America, Quinoa saponin has many uses outside of consumption, which includes detergent for clothing and washing, and as an antiseptic for skin injuries. [22] High levels of oxalic acid in the leaves and stems are found in all species of the Chenopodium genus, but are also present in the related plant families of Polygonaceae and Amaranthaceae . [23] The risks associated with quinoa are minimal, provided it is properly prepared and leaves are not eaten to excess.
This section needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed .
(December 2011)
A spoonful of raw quinoa
Quinoa has a light, fluffy texture when cooked, and its mild, slightly nutty flavor makes it an alternative to white rice or couscous .
Most boxed/pre-packaged quinoa has already been pre-rinsed for convenience, and cooking instructions therefore suggest only a brief rinse before cooking, if at all. [24] If quinoa has not been pre-rinsed, the first step is to remove the saponins , a process that requires rinsing the quinoa in ample running water for several minutes in either a fine strainer or a cheesecloth . Removal of the saponin helps with digestion; the soapy nature of the compound makes it act as a laxative.
One cooking method is to treat quinoa much like rice, bringing two cups (or less) of water to a boil with one cup of grain, covering at a low simmer and cooking for 10–15 minutes or until the germ separates from the seed. The cooked germ looks like a tiny curl and should have a slight bite to it (like al dente pasta). As an alternative, one can use a rice cooker to prepare quinoa, treating it just like white rice (for both cooking cycle and water amounts).
Vegetables and seasonings can also be added to make a wide range of dishes. Chicken or vegetable stock can be substituted for water during cooking, adding flavor. It is also suited to vegetable pilafs , complementing bitter greens like kale .
Quinoa can serve as a high-protein breakfast food mixed with honey , almonds , or berries ; it is also sold as a dry product, much like corn flakes . Quinoa flour can be used in wheat-free and gluten-free baking.
Quinoa may be germinated in its raw form to boost its nutritional value. Germination activates its natural enzymes and multiplies its vitamin content. [25] In fact, quinoa has a notably short germination period: Only 2–4 hours resting in a glass of clean water is enough to make it sprout and release gases, as opposed to, e.g., 12 hours with wheat.[ citation needed ] This process, besides its nutritional enhancements, softens the grains, making them suitable to be added to salads and other cold foods.
[ edit ] Spelling, pronunciation, and variant names
This crop is known as quinoa in English and, according to the American Merriam-Webster dictionary, the primary pronunciation is disyllabic with the accent on the first syllable (
  / ˈ k iː n oʊ . ə / KEE-noh-ə ) or on the second (
  / k w ɨ ˈ n oʊ . ə / kwi-NOH-ə ). In Spanish, the spelling and pronunciation vary by region. The accent may be on the first syllable, in which case it is usually spelled quinua [ˈkinwa] , with quínoa [ˈkinoa] being a variant; or on the second syllable: [kiˈnoa]), in which case it is spelled quinoa. The name derives from the Quechua kinwa, pronounced in the standard dialect [ˈkinwa]. There are multiple other native names in South America:
Quechua : ayara, kiuna, kuchikinwa, achita, kinua, kinoa, chisaya mama
Aymara : supha, jopa, jupha, juira, ära, qallapi, vocali
