What is quinoa?
What is quinoa? Things you should know
What is quinoa ? Is it a regular and integral part of your diet plan? If you have not given it a go yet, then it is highly recommended to you to get some. Quinoa is way similar to couscous and rice, as it contains properties that are very similar to those of rice and couscous. Moreover, you can prepare or cook it almost the same way. However, its flavor is a bit nuttier, but it depends on how you cook it. If you cook it properly and as per instructions, it can taste like rice and couscous.
Actually, Quinoa is not a grain. It is because it is not taken from grass. Furthermore, Quinoa is easier to digest and even more nutritious compared with most grains. Another benefit of Quinoa is that it is full of iron and magnesium and composed of approximately 12-18% protein along with a good amount of necessary amino acids. Quinoa leaves out gluten and is a healthy source of phosphorus and dietary fiber. Apart from all these attributes, Quinoa is very easy to cook and does not take much time. So, it saves you a substantial amount of time and effort.
I still remember preparing a Quinoa delicious salad once and serving it to my family. I came to know that my great uncle shells out a hefty amount of money to purchase one serving box of Quinoa. This is not necessary at all. Probably, you do not need to search a lot to find out where you can purchase it at cheap prices in the grocery store in your own area. It is most likely that you can see it in the section of bulk organic food. In these stores, should you propose to get a lot of it, you can purchase it by the pound. So, it is pretty simple. You do not need to worry about it.
Depending on where you have purchased the Quinoa and the extent to which it is processed, it is recommended for you to take some additional steps prior to cooking it. If Quinoa is not already rinsed, you need to rinse it off because of the high amount of saponins that cover the surface of the seed. Moreover, saponins provide the quinoa with a bitter taste; therefore, it can be slightly toxic, which hampers insects and birds from eating it. That is why it does not need any artificial pesticides for safety. Most Quinoa flogged in North America is processed in order to separate the coating of saponins, but it requires only 60 seconds to be rinsed.
After you have rinsed it, put one cup of quinoa 1 or 2 cups of water and put it on the stove to boil it. Then reduce the heat in order to boil it gently until all the water in the boil disappears. Depending on the amount of water, it can consume a minimum of ten minutes to cook completely. Also, you can prepare it with a small amount of basil and olive oil in order to ready a side dish to serve. You can also become a bit more exotic and cook it in conjunction with herbs or veggies to change the taste. If you have not tried it before, give it a go today!
Recent Posts
