Quinoa Stuffed Peppers
Looking for the best quinoa recipes? Curried quinoa was given to me by the fantastic people that make Blackberry Creek Handmade Natural Soap. The curried quinoa recipe is a family favorite and one of the best quinoa recipes you've ever tasted.
Quinoa contains no gluten so many of our quinoa recipes are gluten free.
The Curried Quinoa Recipe on this page takes a little time to make... about 40 minutes total. But you'll find out as I did that it's worth the effort and more.
There are 1800 varieties of Quinoa. Some Quinoa is better than others. Using Ancient Harvest Quinoa guarantees that your family is getting the best quinoa available. All your quinoa recipes will taste better.
The curried quinoa recipe calls for a couple of ingredients you might have a little trouble finding depending where you live. I couldn't even get quinoa at the local grocery store! I wound up buying several of the ingredients including the quinoa at a health food store. When the owner saw the ingredients her face lit up knowing that it was going to be great. She was right! From now on I'm doubling the recipe. My curried quinoa wasn't around long enough to get a picture for the web site.
Curried Quinoa Recipe
Serves Six to Eight
Rinse quinoa with cold water. Use a fine mesh filter or coffee filter. If you're a klutz like me use the fine mesh filter or a lot of quinoa is going to wind up in the sink!
Quinoa is coated with a natural substance called saponin that protects the grain by repelling insects and birds. Rinsing the quinoa is important to avoid a raw or bitter taste. You can tell if there is saponin by the production of a soapy looking "suds" when the seeds are swished in water.
Good news! If you are using Ancient Harvest Quinoa you can skip this step. It's already rinsed!
  
Place oil and diced onions in a heavy saucepan. Saute the onions on medium high heat for four to five minutes.
 
Add the ginger root, chile, and quinoa. Cook for one minute stirring constantly.
A fine, white spiral appears around the grain as it cooks.
 
Stir in the turmeric, coriander, cinnamon, and salt. Cook for one minute stirring constantly.
 
Add the water and bring it to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes.
 
Stir in peas. Cover and cook for four or five minutes or until peas are tender and all the water has been absorbed.
 
Fluff with a fork before serving.
Ingredients:
1½ Tbsp. Vegetable Oil
½ Onion Diced (about 4 or 5 oz.)
1 Tsp. Grated Fresh Ginger Root
½ Fresh Green Chile
